3	If you go in the summer, you'll want to stay here for the faux beach complete with wave pool and lazy river. Also has a new shopping area - Mandalay Place - complete with Cavalli, Fornarina, and a bunch of other cute shops. Restaurants and clubs are decent - check out Rumjungle and their aerial acts, Red Sqaure for their vodka tastings, Aureole (Charlie Palmer's place - ridiculous wine list and fabulous sommelier). The hotel rooms are just average if not disappointing.
5	The single best resort experience I've had in Vegas.  Hands down.  And I had a normal room.  The enchantment of Mandalay is its seclusion from the heart of the Strip.  You can relax at the South End of the Strip amongst their own beach, lazy river, and parrot-filled lobby.  Fabulous restaurants in the hotel. And great bar/lounge upstairs!
5	This is truly a resort destination in Las Vegas. The theme is very exotic beach and many of the restaurants reflect Pan-Asian cuisine. Junior suites are the perfect size for relaxation. The rooms are designed as if you are in a high-end beach resort in a far away land. Make sure to pair your stay with an extended treatment at the spa. I had a seaweed salt rub in the past while my brother, a massage therapist, experienced one of the best deep tissue massages of his career.Food experiences are phenomenal with a famous wine "cave" located on the premises. Late night dealers are more than happy  to give lessons for the games less known. The killer feature is the fake beach area with the lagoon entrance style pools and wave pool and the mini waterways...Fun for everyone while feeling like you are not necessarily in Vegas.
4	This is a Las Vegas strip powehouse. It offers plenty of swanky and fun clubs, plenty of high rollers, plenty of beautiful women, endless amounts of tables and slot machines, and the best parking in Las Vegas. Foundation Room on Monday nights is what Vegas is all about  and what you will be thinking about the rest of your trip if you manage to get in.
5	We stayed here when it first opened.  The rooms were pretty big and the bathrooms were even bigger with huge tubs.  Their beach pool is awesome too in the summer, it has real waves.  They also have some trendy, cool looking bars and restaurants.  It's a little far away from all the action on the strip but it's just so damn cool.
4	Mandalay Bay is my favorite hotel to stay at whenever I visit Vegas.  The only negative thing I have to say about Mandalay is that it's pretty far down on the strip, but besides that it's perfect. The rooms are nice and big, the crowd is young & fun, and some of my favorite restaurants and lounges are in this hotel (Mix, Red Square, Rum Jungle).  If you can you should try to upgrade to the Hotel Mandalay because the rooms are unreal.
4	Rum Jungle is a pretty amazing bar. Worth stopping by in the afternoon just to sit in and look at the decor and fountains. Glad I went.
4	Not sure what to rate this so I'll give it a 4.  Mandalay Bay is terrific - pool is amazing, one of the best on the strip.  The restaurants are good - Rum Jungle always a good bet (check out the fire pit).  This time we stayed at "The Hotel" which is Mandalay Bays newest addition.  Its very similar to the W hotels - somewhat trendy & meant for upscale business travelers.  Problem is that its such a far cry from the rest of Mandalay Bay (and Vegas) that we had a bit of culture shock every time we went to our room.  It was definitely cold and unfriendly compared to the other resorts around.  The rooms are all suites, which seem to be a growing trend in Vegas (according to our numerous cab drivers.)  Lighting in the rooms were terrible - ladies, good luck applying makeup - men, best of luck shaving!  I'd give Mandalay Bay a 5 but "The Hotel" just a 2.
4	My favorite hotel to stay at in Vegas.  The Hotel, the party atmosphere, Foundation Room, Rum Jungle, Mini Baccarat, grey goose flowin on the rocks and doublin down at the quarter blackjack tables, high dollar craps tables, quick shoe shines and bathroom breaks between decks, you get the drift...
5	my fav casino and hotel in vegas, has the best venue for concerts and fights! also has mini bac there.
5	best damn place to watch a fight period. rum jungle can get a little uncomfortable for elbow room but the gogo dancers kinda make me just sit it one spot and drool at the performances.  never been around to really experience anything else about the casino but i'm sure they're top notch.
4	Great place to stay in Vegas-- you literally don't have to leave the hotel and you'll have plenty to do-- gamble, drink, eat, shop...it's all there.  And it's central to everything.  The "bay" is also nice and this is one of the nicest hotels on the strip.
4	I had a great time at Mandalay Bay! Like most of the hotels in Vegas... they pretty much have everything in it so you don't have to ever leave. SMART!
4	A fun hotel to stay at for a bachelor party. The nightlife - Rum Jungle, Red Square - are good spots to begin a night out. If you can get a suite - as with any casino - go for that option. Vegas is all about high living, after all.The best part about Mandalay Bay is their enormous pool - it's so big there is literally a beach, along with its own "lazy river" to float down.  Again, if you can finagle a cabana, you're that much cooler.
4	Very nice property, the pool is great, rooms are clean and well appointed, the casino is great and the restaurants are decent.  Why 4 stars instead of 5?  It's at the far south end of the strip, which means tons of walking and it's pricey.  Better bang for the buck can be found up the strip for less.
4	My husband had to attend a conference at Mandalay and I just wanted to see Las Vegas so we decided to go together.  We (mostly I, as my husband was working) really enjoyed our stay: windowshopping at Mandalay Place, relaxing by the pool (with beach and lazy river), enjoying the views from our room,...  The only negative I can come up with is that the hotel is located at the end of the Strip, so if you want to see something you will need to walk a lot.
3	For the price, I do not think that I would stay here again. The rooms are more expensive than other comparable hotels and they have a unique odor within. I want to describe it as incense, but it smells worse than that.No coffee maker in the room, and the Starbucks on the main level is always crowded.The Asian restaurant is over-priced, greasy and not worth trying.
1	I have never been so disgusted with a Las Vegas Hotel.  Mandalay Bay is by far the worst excuse of any hotel in LV.  The prices are high, the service is incredibly low and the rooms are disgusting.I have stayed at each of the Mandalay properties: Mandalay, Four Seasons and THEhotel.  Each experience was the worst!!!  And try to complain about anything - that is a joke.  Even when you pay $500 a night.Please, I beg all of you, DO NOT STAY OR GAMBLE AT THIS HOTEL!!!!
1	Have not stayed here but after my experience, I never would.  Have never been treated more like dirt in my life.  Dealers were asses and so we went back to the Venetian, where we were staying, to blow our money and hang with the nicest dealers in town.  Do not spend you money in this terrible excuse for a casino.  Go where the dealers are friendly and it is a much better experience.
4	Stayed there last month on a business trip.  It has it all.  I like it because it has that new hotel feeling.  Rooms were spacious, clean and nicely decorated. All areas of the hotel were crisp and clean.  It has it all.  There are tons of really good restaurants there.  This is you can see the wine ladies rappelling up and down this huge wine storage area to select your wine. Bars and clubs are classy. Casino is nicely laid out.  In general, dealers are friendly. Pool area is one or the best.  Loved fooling around in the artificial surf one.   Nice eye candy laying around the pool area. Late night, the young crowd, and not so young merge together here.  Rooms are a little pricey (if you are paying yourself), but not out of line for a top class resort on the Strip. Mandalay = nice stay for me and my companion.
5	One of the most rockstar nights of my life happened here a few years back. After seeing Incubus play the House of Blues we came back to the opening band's suite (along with about 100 other people) and one of the best parties took over. It was out of control. People snortin coke, drinking to toxic levels and screwing in bathrooms. The stuff dreams are made of and the stuff you just knew if mom and dad found about, they'd be so proud.So we are tearing it up and hanging out near this glass table in the livingroom area and after a night of people dancing on the table (among other things), one poor guy sat down and set his drink ever so gently on the table and the thing shattered. Talk about the record going eeerrrrrrr (dead silence) Well party was over soon after that and I have no idea who paid for what or who got blamed for who, but damn what a fun night!
2	Went to the Mandalay Bay for my Bachelor Party.   The hotel is superb and the rooms were quite nice.   The Rum Jungle club downstairs keeps you rocking into the wee-hours of the morning.   I have to be honest, though, I'd probably give the whole place 1 star if it hadn't been for the fact that, it being my Bachelor Party, I didn't have to shell out too much money during the weekend.The pool's a total joke.   If you're going to charge hundreds of dollars for a room, you have to provide adequate numbers of chairs for the pool.   We had to resort to putting our stuff next to the edge of the pool and just staying in the water the whole time.   Poolside service was nonexistant.   Now of course they have the Moorea Beach Club, which charges admission.... Fricken' $50 per guy, no less.... So we ask the guy at the door if there are any chairs available:  "I dunno," he replies cooly.   "Well," we said, "Can one of us at least go and take a peek to see if you have seating for the five of us?"   "Nope," he replies.   "So let me get this straight," my best man asked, "We have to pay $250 just to find out whether or not we can get chairs in there?"  "Yup."   Clearly, Mr. Doorman's vocabulary was as extensive as our President's.   I'm secretely hoping that the buffoon gets a bad case of skin cancer (he seemed to be well on his way, anyhow) in the near future for treating hotel guests so rudely.One might say all hotels are like that, but having been at the Paris Paris, I can tell you with certainty that I got a comparable (not quite as nice) room for $129/night at Paris and there was PLENTY of seating around the pool.Gambling here was fun... but either I'm really cheap or I just think that this place was not even worth close to what it cost...   In fact, as I'm updating this review, I realize 3 stars is way too generous for these jerks and I just took back one.   2 stars is all these rip-off artists deserve from my cheap ass.
4	Great place to get a hangover in Vegas . Specially on an off nite like Monday when you are in town for a work convention..Aparently it's "industry nite"...good dancing and awesome people watching. If you are 6'8 you are that much better off., so you can peek your head above everyone else's to see what action is going on.
5	I'm usually riding the coat-tails of my buddies who like to drop a lot at the tables.  So it's usually a nice hotel/casino that we stay at.  Everytime that I've been here, it's always been great.  I love the rooms here.  Some of the suites have a steam shower.  Others have a separate bath/shower.  Lots of marble.  Very spacious and comfortable rooms.  The restaurant selections are good as well.  The casino is pretty spread out.  The poker room is a little on the small side, but always a lot of action.  When you stay in the summer, it's definitely all about the pool area, which is more like a beach resort.  Very strict entry though...so it's hard to sneak in visitors.
2	We came here on a trip to see Sir Tom Jones. The beach / pool / river area was mostly closed for construction. I would like to come back in the summer and see how this place compares to the excellent pool area at the Mirage. I didn't  care for the room. It had so many doors it made for an awkward layout . Double doors for the two closets, the bathroom, toilet and shower. They all opened up against a bed or wall or something equally  unmovable, restricting getting around if any door was open. Most doors had wood slats for the pseudo - cabana look. The towels had the consistency of sandpaper. The other room our group had seemed a bit more normal  and functional.The hotel is a Little bit off the strip and maybe that helps, that it is quick and easy to catch a cab, even on the weekends. The line was fairly short and moved quickly.The casino was friendly to half our group. Jeff won a $1,500 slots jackpot after swearing how stingy the Mandalay's machines were and  Robert made a few hundred every time he stepped out of the room.The casino has a few theme attractions, one for Russian food, which I can't understand and one for 70;s disco. They also have live music in the casino bar.On Thursday we had to swim a sea of trailer park hookers to get to the elevators to our room. They congregated at the slots near the elevator and threw themselves at any man going by. On Friday Security was out in force and the area  was clear.
4	Because this place is at the end of the strip, it's a bit quieter than your usual Vegas hotel and I love that about this place! Though it's a little secluded, it still offers good shopping, a pool and faux beach, a decent nightclub, a casino (of course), and pretty good restaurants. I thought the best parts of Mandalay Bay were the nightclub (RUM JUNGLE) and the faux beach. Rum Jungle played good music, bartenders made good drinks, and the broads there weren't as skanky as the other broads you may see at other places. =) The faux beach and pools were an awesome site. I loved just laying on the beach, sipping my margarita, and lazily watching people. Hm, the restaurant/cafe at the beach served good food, too.Bottom line: I definitely recommend this place. I have been here twice and would stay here again. I felt like I didn't need to leave the premises to get the "full Vegas experience."
5	The best place to party on the strip.  Rum Jungle, Red Square, awesome gaming area, I just freaking love this place!I don't usually stay here, but end up spending all my winnings on good vodka and have a hell of a time here.  If you are in Vegas and miss Red Square, you have missed a piece of greatness.  Get a shot of Red Army Vodka out of the shell.  Its some good stuff!
5	Nothing like getting plastered off 2 sips of a well-made martini at 2pm immediately following a morning at an excellent spa, at a bar less than 100 yards from said spa. Followed by winning (and losing and winning) a bunch of money. Vegas really is sin city for what ever your indulgence might be - and spending most of my weekend at Spa Mandalay made for the best trip to Vegas I've ever had. This spa has all the little free amenities, a eucalyptus steam room,  soaking pools, snacks, gym - just about everything you could ever want. Large and clean space, friendly staff, and very few people - especially for a weekend. Day spa stuff included with treatments over $60. I highly recommend the Fijian sugar scrub pedicure with Sandra ($90 and worth every penny) and the aromatherapy massage with Lani (50 minutes, $125).
4	I have stayed at most of the Vegas strip hotels and here are my thoughts.The hotel feels like an updated version of The Mirage.  This is the hotel that the show "Las Vegas" uses as their on location site.  So you might encounter a taping.The rooms are nicely appointed and have a HUGE bathroom with double sinks.  Plus in my books and they also feature a nice big tub.What I love about this hotel is their pool.  It's awesome since they have an lazy river and beautiful people.  If you want to experience a European style pool, look yonder to the area decked out in red.  It's a topless area pool area that you have to pay to hang out inside.  It's pretty discreet from the outside, but know that it's not very popular.TIP: If you are a coffee junkie like me, just know that there isn't a Starbucks in there.  For some good coffee go into the shopping mall and check out the Chocolate Swan for your morning cup.
5	The wifey and I stayed there for 4 nights. The rooms were spacious, front desk staff was helpful and . The pool the bomb. If you like to people watch, go there.  The price was OK since we stayed there during the week. I would stay there again.
4	The Mandalay Bay's not too shabby of a Strip property.  It's not as grand as the Bellagio or the Wynn, not as lauded as Caesar's, but it's definitely got some good things going for it, especially from this local's perspective.First of all, it's relatively easy to get in and out of.  Backways and sidestreets make for some sneaky routes.  (From Trop heading west - Koval south to Reno to Giles and you avoid the Strip altogether.)  This is good because it seems like there's always something going on here.  Whether it be a show at the House of Blues (one of the best venues in town), Rockstar Karaoke there, too, drinks with friends in furs at the Red Square, watching the wine-retrieving acrobatics at Aureole, grabbing a bite at the Burger Bar, or shopping at Mandalay Place.  (The latter is a good alternative to the sometimes hard to get to and always crowded Forum Shops or Canal Shops.)  Their pool, of course, is legendary.  There's none other like it in town.I've never stayed here, but I've had many a reason to come here.  It's definitely one of the best.
4	Some may say staying at this hotel would Jim Jones "BALLIN!" but I would say that its just hype. Don't get me wrong, the hotel is beautiful and the wave pool is--well wavy, Mandalay is not that much better then the rest of the strip. Although, THEhotel may be a different story.Check-in was quick and easy. Our room had a perfect view of the strip that would put you on cloud 9 at night. The room was percfect for the prce I paid. The biggest problem came around 3 AM coming back to my room and NO RUNNING WATER. Did the tigers at Mirage drink all of it or did master magician Lance Burton pull the world's greatest disappearing act? Room service offered me 2 bottles of water. I'm sorry but if i wanted to shower and use the restroom with a liter of clean water I would have gone to Congo.Other than that, fine place to stay and I'm just bitter about not having water.UPDATE: They felt bad and gave me one free night at THEhotel, lets tack on a star for great customer service.
3	I recently stayed here with a few friends, and while it is nice, for the price, I don't think I'd stay here again.  The room was nice enough - two comfy queen beds, nice bathroom with double sinks, big flat screen TV.  But the room was not at all soundproof.  We could hear every little thing our neighbors on either side were doing, as well as all the people whooping it up in the halls.  The restaurants were just ok.  I was bummed there wasn't really anywhere to grab something to go unless you were out by the pool.  The Asian noodle place was just terrible.  The 24 hour cafe was good.  Rum Jungle was overrated.  The casinos were fun.  They were less crowded than in other places on the strip, so we were able to learn to play craps on a slow-ish Sunday night.  If you want to stay in the center of the strip, dont stay here.  It's a looooong walk down Las Vegas Boulevard.The pool was way too crowded for my liking.  Everyone was on top of each other.  Granted, this could be because they are renovating parts of it, but still.  I felt like I was trapped in a sea of lawn chairs.  Overall, this is a nice place.  I just think you can do better for the amount of money you'll spend here.
3	I think the mandalay bay has a nice operation and casino, it's just not as much my style. It seemed they have a few more upscale restaurants than other casinos, but I cant think about eating, when I can gamble. Okay, here is my gambling tip from reading many books about blackjack, trust me I am an expert. I can play blackjack better than anyone. At first, the other bettors do not like this strategy, I am about to tell you, but there is no other way to play blackjack than with surrender. I tell people twice whether they want my advice or not because I think some people want to learn and others can lose their money if they want to. Surrender means when you get your first 2 cars and you do not like them you yell out surrender. You get half your bet back, and those who do not understand gambling think it is a chicken strategy. However, I can convince you if you have common sense like me. If the dealer has a 10, and you have 14,. 15 and 16 you will lose 80% of the time. Yet, everyone acts as if they have to beat the dealer to 21. If you hit on these hands, you will most likely bust. Now, here is the aggressive strategy when you have 8, 9, 10, 11, and the dealer has 14, 15, and 16 you have to double down. Yes, even with an 8!!!! You could double for less though which is a hedge bet. As for card counting techniques, I do not believe it helps with the new shufflers. I did read busting vegas with the mit grads, and it was way to complicated. California casinos do not have surrender which makes it less likely for me to play. Only nj and las vegas have surrender.  I only won $100 after 8 hours of playing, but the difference is I stayed on the table and people lost thousands of dollars because of ignorance. I should learn craps which is way more social and has better odds than blackjack.Ok, it's getting me mad the hand, I split 4 7's and double downed killed me. I was playing for 7 hours and was $235 up. I split against a 6. i figured I would push the hands. but in no way did i figure to lose all 6 hands after the split. Also, I dont think a casino should have the rule you have to play double the max if you play 2 hands. I hate that rule!! I wish I could say I went to the pool area, that I had heard about on wild on e, but looking down from my hotel room it was to cool for sunbathing. Okay, I forgot to add the radio commercials for mandalay bay are misleading. When they say tahiti village or the other creative names for a row of rooms. The commercial  it makes it sound as if it is a resort with a seperate lodging area not attrached to the casino. I know what I mean. Getting back to the women, there are so many hot women in vegas who know how to dress the right way, it's overwhelming. All the guys I met joked about their neck hurting. One thing when you do a double stare at a girl and she stares back it's shady if she is by herself. Twice, I though women were checking me out. So sad!
3	This was my hotel of choice years ago when it first opened.  My husband and I stayed here at least twice a year.  We loved the pool area, loved the spa and the rooms were very nice.  However, after staying there this last weekend, our view of this hotel has changed.  First of all, the rooms are definitely showing signs of wear & tear...a renovation is seriously needed.  The pool & beach area used to be a calm and relaxing place to lounge is now busy and packed with people.  There were no lounge chairs available and every chair there was about an inch apart from each other.  In addition, the pool area now seems to be more of a party atmosphere, with loud music, rather than the relaxing feel.  The spa facility is still very nice and very relaxing...however, it is now very busy, especially later in the day.  So I recommend coming to the spa early in the morning if you want to relax with less people around.  Lastly, the casino is pretty dead.  For a Friday and Sat. night, there were empty tables everywhere and just not enough noise and excitement for a casino floor.
5	When I told my amazing hairstylist about heading to Vegas, she gushed about this place. And it certainly did not disappoint. I liked the lush plants indoors, the parrots in cages, the jungle-ish gift store. My mom and I rocked out to the Earth, Wind, and Fire concert at its House of Blues, which can accomodate mass crowds. Yet I could see and hear the performers well. Near the casino, I was lounging on comfy leather chairs, eyeing a happy-go-lucky crowd that seemed to fit just the right age demographic - just young enough, but not too young. I think it's a positive that Mandalay Bay is a haven located farther away from the strip's craziness.
5	Everytime I have stayed here I have been treated like royalty! There are very few hotels that will wait on you like they do here. They messed up our reservation once and gave us a 4 bedroom suite on the top floor. It was AMAZINGINGLY BEYOND INCREDIBLE FANTASTIC. Seriously, I don't think I can ever stay in a regular room again.
5	It's true, as was stated before, the pool is the best part of the hotel. You just need to get yourself a cabana as it's hot out there and even a dark skinned girl like myself will burn in that sun. The rooms were spacious and beds comfortable. Of course, the drapes were huge so that we could snooze well into the daylight hours without having to know it was afternoon. And the bathroom was spacious with a huge tub. All the best for me.
5	the best place ever!! our rooms were amazing and roomy - perfect for 8 girls hitting up vegas! i loved the beds, so comfy. the bar area was roomy and even tho we didnt drink it, the little bottle of grey goose (my fave) was fun to come to! the best part of the whole place was definetely the lazy river, wave pool ,and beach. after a night of partying, we just laid out on the beach and took turns in the wave pool all day long. nobody cared that we lugged around our own case of beer and a bottle of vodka to keep the party going, and everyone was super friendly and fun! the only bummer was that the wave pool got kinda dirty with gunk floating around. i just got drunk to forget about it. i also really liked the casino and dealers. i'm not a big gambler, but at 3 am we decided to play a little black jack. i laid down $100 and ended up doubling my money. woo!! the dealers were super nice and helpful, not rude at all. it was great . plus, tihs place has house of blues. how great is that!i will definetely be coming back to mandalay!! i love you!!
3	Nice rooms; nice casino; great pool/beach; hate the location....you have to take the tram or drive to get to the rest of the strip.
4	I didn't stay here but popped in for the tail end of a convention.  I was very impressed with how clean the air was inside the casino/lobby (usually these places are super smoky and it wasn't) and the pool/floating river looked awesome. I saw a lot more families with young kids and strollers here than at other places, so if I had any interest in bringing my kids to Vegas (I don't) I would probably stay here.
4	I stayed for a week during Interop, the annual computer networking trade show. It was nice to be able to walk from my room to the show floor in just ten minutes or so. I got a company rate but it was still high. People told me they paid less than half to stay at nearby hotels. They have wired and wireless broadband in the rooms. It costs about $12 a day. The rooms are decent sized and the beds are comfortable. The tub is nice and big, perfect for lounging in. I saw that many people where hanging out at the pool while I checked out the tech gear at the show. The bad part was that four drunken dudes were in the room next to mine and they came back at 4am two nights in a row. I didn't gamble so no comments on the casino.
5	Why has it taken me so long to stay at the Mandalay Bay?? (oh wait, prob cuz it's like $600 a night) But seriously, if you're gonna plop down some cash on a room, DO IT HERE!! These rooms are swank. Total swank. Great big whirlpool tubs and the most comfy beds!! (they had feather tops on the mattresses!!) And I LURV the layout of the hotel...it's super easy to navigate! That's a big plus for me cuz I become brain dead after one night of partying in Vegas. Their 24hr restaurant is pretty damn good and their room service is (of course) over-priced, but tasty. (mmm mmmm grilled cheese) The pool was a mad house, but the "lazy river" looked good--too bad my white-ass didn't bring my bathing suit. Actually, that was a good thing for the pool-side peeps. ;)
5	I went two summers ago and got a great deal for this place. I really cant complain its a beautiful hotel. The best part is their pools...they have a few regular pools that are pretty big..a huge pool thats "beach like" with waves and sand...and thennn to top it off..a lazy river! I can spend all day just lounging around tanning..ahh relaxation! The only bad part was that during my second day there, some kid pooped in the wave pool and they had to close and drain it! Grr...But that's okay I spent my time floating around in the river instead. But overall a great place to stay. :)
5	I don't get to stay here enough.  Probably because of price and its all the way at the end of the strip.  The rooms, house of blues, shark aquarium, events center ( ufc / boxing / big concerts ), wave pool, and ease of check-in make this place a breath of fresh air.  No really, they literally pump scented oxygen throughout the entire hotel which is rumored to help keep you awake and in a good mood.  Those guys think of everything don't they???  You can tell by how clean and decorated the whole place is right down to the cocktail waitresses' chiquita-esqe uniforms.The gym and the spa are badass!  You gotta get the blood flowin' before you take your shirt off.  Seriously, it's the biggest facility i've seen.  It beats any other place with the exception of bellagio, but their crowd is kind of older, saggy, and snobby.They've outdone themselves with the pool.  It's huge and has the whole lazy river with inner tubes.  OMG some of the SEXIEST women I've seen come here.  Talk about a pleasant distraction, they even have a clothing optional area.  I've caught a glimpse of the action and it looks pretty good.  On top of that the cabanas are more private ( you know what i mean ; ) ) and have nicer amenities(plasmas) than the other casinos.  Just make sure you reserve one a day in advance on busy weekends.  The only two places i've eaten were at the raffles cafe and the bayside buffet that overlooks the pool.  Both are good.  I would not eat all day just to do their buffet.  My friends challenged me to a alaskan crab leg eating contest once but couldn't keep up even though i had three plates.I still haven't explored all the nightlife options here.  Just the HOB club on the weekends and rum jungle which didn't impress me.  I always see broken glass and throw up on the floor.  Though I've heard they are stepping things up in that area.
4	I'm going to start a petition to officially change the name from Las Vegas to Line Vegas. Step off the plane, wait in the taxi line.  Get to the buffet, wait in another line. Go to a club?  Wait in line.So it shouldn't have surprised me to see the line to check in at the Mandalay Bay.  But that was pretty much the only negative to our stay.Our room was great - huge HDTV flatscreen, big bathroom (with another tv set - score!) alarm clock with built in iPod dock.  When we checked in we asked for a room up high...not only did we get that but also a pool view.A couple of tips - #1 Definitely request a room with a pool view and close to the elevator when you check in.#2 Double check your bill before you leave the room...they had charged us $30 for mini bar items that we didn't drink because they have sensors in the fridge that could tell we lifted the bottles up to take a look at them (mini Patron bottles are so damn cute!)They promptly reversed the charges as soon as we told them what happened.I would highly recommend staying at Mandalay Bay and will definitely stay there again the next time I'm in Line, eh, Las Vegas.
3	Mandalay Bay confuses me. It's a study in contrasts. The rooms are large and the bath rooms are crazy large, but maintenance leaves something to be desired. The restaurants are upscale, but too many of them disappoint. The casino sometimes seems full of life, but just as often seems dead. The pool seems like it should be the best in town, but wasn't all that much fun at which to hang out.I'm not sure what to make of this place.  Is it a gem in the rough, or just another casino that's sliding downhill?
5	Great hotel to stay at! Nice "high-end" furnishings, flat panel HDTVs, Ipod-compatible radio-alarm-clocks, large rooms, great concierge service, and of course the cool wave pool! Would definitly stay here again.
4	This is a cool place to stay while you are in Vegas.  It is not too upscale and not too ghetto.  It is attached to the Four Seasons if you haven't gambled away your fortune.The pool at the Mandalay Bay is the best in Vegas.  There is a slide pool, a giant wave, and a regular pool.  There are also lounge areas which are cool.The Mandalay Bay spa is the best!  There is an enormous pool in the center of the ladies locker room, wonderful lounge chairs, a fabulous steam room with cold towels on ice, private massage rooms, and an outside reading area with snacks.  There is an adjacent gym so you can work out before you relax.  The enormous bathroom and sink area is stocked with products for getting ready for a night on the Strip or a dinner date.The casino area is clean and not too smoky.  Dealers are friendly.The rooms are big and have showers and nice bath tubs.Reasonably priced.  Good value.  One drawback is the location which is at the very bottom of the Strip.  I don't mind walking but if you do, perhaps stay somewhere more central.  That said, you could stay at this hotel the entire time and be quite happy.
4	The Southeast Asian Themed Mandalay Bay has been gaining the respect of a lot of travelers in Asia for combining sophistication, style, and elegance to every aspect of the property.  The casino, restaurants, convention center, and rooms are all the rave, if not more and is quickly rising amongst the ranks as one of the top destinations in Vegas.The place seems very European for what is supposed to be Southeast Asian themed.  Regardless, the place seems to get a lot of visitors in this South end of the strip location, separating itself from similar competition like Caesars further up north.  Only 3 years old, "THEHotel" has some of the most scintillating suites and rooms few people can match and is worth the hype and costs a pretty penny to rent out for the night.This is also the location where "Las Vegas" on NBC is shot.  On any given weeknight glimpses of Josh Duhamel and gang can be seen practicing their craft in the closed off area of the casino / lounges.  Its a fun place to be but a very exclusive one as well.  The service I've encountered has been somewhat pretentious and snobby, which pales in comparison to its superior service friendly MGM sister properties.  Its a shame really, because this is the best MGM property of the bunch.
1	This is strictly for the Beach and the concerts held there.Just got back from a girls weekend in vegas.  As part of our trip we booked tixs to see the Bangles at the beach here.We arrive knowing that its general admission but no where on the website or upon entrance are you told you'll be sitting in the sand and that they do not provide towels for you sit on.So that's the first beef -1.  Could you not provide towels for us to sit on??2.  Why not print on the tix - bring your own towel for seating??3.  Lines for drinks very long and very slow4.  Sound system is awful - I mean awful.  The sound kept bouncing off the buildings and there was a lot of feedback thru the speakers.I will not pay to attend another concert here at the beach.Cool concept - bad delivery of it.
3	I have never stayed here, but I heard they got themselves a topless pool, so i will totally check it out. The House of Blues is here, where I saw my first Morrissey show back in the halcyon days of 1999, and they have a ton of restaurants, bars, clubs, etc., but nothing to write home about. It's CROWDED and the people are either too cool or weird middle aged couples in Las Vegas T shirts, watching the band do bad disco covers from outside the lounge. The dining is Asian themed, like the resort, plus the obligatory "red white and blue" option, so that no one suspects Mandalay Bay of not loving America. There is also a "fine dining" option with a prix fixe menu which costs an arm and a leg and is probably not worth it. Come here for the shark reef.
5	I've stayed at this place twice now, once last year for 3 nights, and another 3 nights last weekend.  Both times I've been very happy with my stay.  I have to say that it's one of my favorite hotels in terms of design; I just love the tropical feel and airiness of the place, compared to, say, the Paris hotel where I feel a little claustrophobic due to the dimness and the low ceiling.  The newly refurbished rooms are absolutely beautiful; they now have plasma tv's in the room and in the bathroom, too!  We took the kids here, and they went gaga over the wave pool; the perfect antidote to 100-degree weather.  However, other reviewers have mentioned that if you go at the wrong time of the day, you won't find any seats.  That is absolutely correct.  The first day we went, we were there at about 1 pm, and there were no seats whatsoever around the beach.  We finally found some seats at the bar area and by the lazy river area, but only regular chairs, not lounge chairs.  The best time to go would be before or at 10 am; any time after that and you're on your own.  My other gripe was that we wanted to get something to eat around 1 am on our last night there, and the only place that was open was Raffles Cafe, which is their 24-hour restaurant.  Incredibly, there was a line of maybe 6-8 groups ahead of us waiting to get seated, and it was taking quite a while.  I really wasn't expecting to wait in line for 30 minutes at 1 am just to get something to eat.  Some groups even decided that they would have better luck elsewhere and left.  There were a lot of empty tables, so I'm thinking that it was a staffing problem that caused the wait.  Nevertheless, I really enjoyed my stay and would go back the first chance I get!
4	OK, so only a few hotels TRULY get five stars, and if I give this one five stars, then what am I going to give THE Hotel at the Mandalay Bay or the Four Seasons Hotel (at the Mandalay Bay) if and when I stay there???The mile-and-a-half safari down to the room at the end of the hall was only made bearable by the thought of the oasis that lay in wait behind those double doors.  The two-bedroom suite was AWESOME!  The beds were GREAT!  The bathrooms bigger than my bedroom at home . . . well, OK, maybe not, but the echo was louder!  The spa tub and the water pressure in the shower were great, although I *did* think the flat-panel TV in the bathrooms were a bit much.  (Apparently the telephone in the bathroom thing is sooooooo old hat . . . )  The large flat-panel TVs in the bedrooms and in the living room were are pretty wonderful, and so was the stereo system.  And hooking up to the internet was a piece of cake . . .The view was great, and the valet guys really hustled and brought hte car up a lot quicker than most other places on the Strip I can think of.Who can complain?
4	It's 11:00 on Saturday morning. I'm laying on a beach in Las Vegas, a beer in my lap and a hang over playing games with me. A lovely lady brings me a plate of food...and another beer. Oh yes...I have made it!The hotel is nice, the casino is nice ($10 craps table) and the restaurants are nice. Then they have a beach...that's right a beach. The only thing better than the beach is watching your friend that doesn't swim very well get pummeled by a wave that he doesn't see coming and then burst up through the water with his eyes bulging and gasping for air....like Ice Cube said, Today Was A Good Day!The rooms are nice, not great but very good. I enjoyed my stay here and would happily stay here again!
4	Nice large hotel with plenty of shops and restaurants to choose from.  Relaxing on lounge chairs in the swimming pool area was also nice.The  bathroom was really spacious with a  big tub and separate shower. The bedroom was roomy with a chaise which was very relaxing while watching television.
3	Mandalay is nice but we didn't have a great saty. Our heater didn't work and the neighbors were noisey, fancy that we were the ones with a 2 year old and we were the quiet ones!nice bathroom
4	Really, really like Mandalay Bay.  The room was nice, staff friendly and the casino was great (though I wish they'd tone down the scent in the casino).  This resort has gotten plenty of good reviews, and I can't really add a whole lot more, just want to get my 4 stars on record.  I will say that being at the end of the Strip makes this one of the least connected casino/resorts, but then that's why this city has so damn many taxis.
4	This review is about the beach and pools at Mandalay Bay. I had access to the entire beach and pool areas due to a friend who got tickets to the Chicago concert, which included an armband that gave us entree to those other areas.  I was really impressed with what I saw.   The concert stage was at the faux beach, out on the water.  We got there late so the entire sand area was full of people and the stuff they laid out to save their spots as they wandered into the water (many of them fully clothed). I stuck to the edge of the water but a couple of small waves got the cuffs of my pants wet.  When I say the "edge"  I mean I stood on a metal grate that prevents the water from reaching the sidewalk/path between the water and the beach. This grate area is sloped and a bit slippery, but security guards were making sure people weren't blocking the path, so it was the only place to stand.  The sound system was great regardless of how far away we were from the stage, and we wandered throughout the place, including taking the elevator upstairs to where pools with huge, upholstered chaise lounges and furniture were located.  Very nice!  It was nighttime, so I had to warn my friend at one point not to fall into one of the small pools- we really had to watch our step to avoid falling into a pool. The small outdoor bar had a flat screen TV showing the concert stage, but it was also nice walking to the rail and looking down on the performance and all the people. I can't remember the price of the drinks but they were expensive. I don't know what this place is like in the daytime or when there's not a concert going on, but it was very attractive that night, and the great performance by Chicago (and the happy crowd) made the experience very enjoyable. I would definitely go to another concert there, but I'd get there early enough to snag a spot on the beach.
4	MB is one of my favorite places to stay when I visit Vegas.  Our last stay was in one of their new Gold rooms.  VERY nice decor, fabulous plasma screens on the wall, excellent views, and the biggest, deepest tub I've seen in a long time.  The products left in the room were very nice (Gilchrist and Soams I think?) and I brought mine home with me to see if I could find them online.Large casino floor, though easy to navigate.  While we were there they were working on quite a few construction projects, so it always seemed like walls were being moved all the time.  I only got confused when an entire bar disappeared!
5	The pool here is cool.  The wave maker and lazy river make it extra fun.  I also liked the eatting area by the pool, very chill and relaxing.  The only bad thing is that you have to go early if you want a lounge chair to lay out on.  The rooms are nice.  The buffet is good, hot and cold crab legs.
4	I stayed at MB in July which happened to be one of the hottest summers in Vegas history.  This was my first time staying at a hotel in Vegas so I don't have much to base my opinion on.  I travel a lot for a living and do spend a lot of time in hotels.I thought Mandalay Bay was beautiful.  My room had flat screen TV's in the sleeping portion and bathroom.  The showers are gorgeous and relaxing.  There is a small fridge but you can't put stuff in it because it is stocked with 'for sale' bottles of drinks, in fact we were warned that if you as so touch a bottle in the fridge you may get charged as they have sensors on them that detect if you move any of the items, and of course all items in the fridge were expensive, just like the rest of Vegas.  Since it is towards the end of the Strip there are places where you can get a nice view.  The pool is beautiful to look at but I didn't get a chance to swim in it so I'm not sure of anything beyond the asthetics of it.The lobby is really gorgeous, and there are good places to eat here such as Wolfgang Puck's restaurant and a nice French cafe.  I have no complaints about anything, but nothing really amazing and special jumps out at me either.  It is a very nice, expensive Vegas hotel.
4	The pool makes this place worth it, especially in the middle of July.  You can rent intertubes and just sit in them as you float around this intertube pool (for lack of a better term to describe it)/river.
4	This is a great hotel and I look forward to going back.  The check in process is smooth and not cluttered with clanging slot machines, it is a welcoming and inviting beginning to a continually enjoyable stay.  The rooms are so spacious and the tub...ah...the tub...First of al this place is ENORMOUS and, as I've been to several different events there, know that it does get easier to find your way every time .The food is great anywhere you eat - since I was there for 4 nights I mixed it up and was never displeased. There also seems to be many traps on any given attempt to leave the hotel....but they were great, lively spots to stop for a drink or just some entertainment.  A must, should you have the opportunity, is the Foundation Room.  The food - mmmm...my event was completely catered with incredible delicacies from Asian delectables, ribs, shrimp, and more to a the most lavish spread of goodies waiting to be dunked in the towering chocolate fountain.  Then there is the view......that's all that needs to be said...the view.  Comfortable nooks and rooms of historical enchantment suck you in and forbid you to leave.For the VH1 Rock Honors Awards, the convention area was perfect.  But it was a bit of a hike so wear comfy shoes.It was a great place for my corporate convention, save the ventilation system just outside the meeting room which failed to absorb the tons of smoke expelled by my jonsing colleagues on break.  The smoke seeped into the rooms and clung on dearly, giving me a major allergic reaction typically void in even the densest of cigar smoke ridden lounges.  They didn't do much with the meeting rooms even during award dinners - which kind of surprised me but I suppose they want bore you into the casino!Nevertheless, a great stay, and excellent service.
5	Mandalay Bay does not disappoint.  Although I always stay at this hotel, this past weekend we tried one night at Mirage and 2 at MB - let me tell you we were excited to come back 'home' to Mandalay!  Even the smell they pump into the casino is amazing...plus the casino is large and well lit, not very smoky at allPros:  Great rooms (flat screen TV in the bathroom, the best bath products) perhaps the most comprehensive selection of restaurants from fine dining to casual middle of the night and need baked potato soup spots, THE BEST pool in Vegas - and the bars are rockin.  Don't have any hesitation to book here - there is a tram that will take you to the Tropicana/Las Vegas BLVD intersection and from there you can easily get anywhere else on the strip.Cons:  the worst cocktail service in the casinoOverall - a great choice (make sure you check their specials, you can get a very reasonable rate here!)
5	Mandalay Bay has been my favorite place to stay in Vegas since it opened. It's classy without being too exclusive or ridiculously priced. Don't get me wrong, your going to pay a pretty penny for your room, but it's going to be worth it. If you don't something satisfactory, just let 'em know...they'll usually fix it. Most of their staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Many that I've spoken to have worked their since it opened, which I think says a lot.So here's some of my favorite of Mandalay Bay's qualities:the Spa: this is the BEST SPA I've ever experienced...I've been to a few here and there, and I don't think you're going to find any better value. Splurge; get an hour-long massage, and allow yourself extra time after the massage to really enjoy the spa. Yes, it's actually a SPA. There are small pools of varying temperatures surrounded by big, comfy lounge chairs. Also, there's a steam room, cold towels, juices, water, fruits, a quiet room, and full showers and vanity supplies. Here's the perfect Rx for a Vegas hangover: get all warmy in the hot, tub, then wrap uo in a fluffy spa robe,  lay back in your lounge chair, and allow the sounds of soothing music and water falling to lull you into sweet slumber. Aaaaahhh.Restaurants: Yum. Haven't had a bad meal (well, except of House of Blues, which is technically not run by Mandalay Bay). Love love love Stripsteak, China Grill. Also, Red, White & Blue is decent, so is Raffles. Have always wanted to try Aureole. I'd stay away from the food court (at the far end, by the convention center). Room service is also VERY good. If you're more interested in paying for food than ambiance, just do room service...it's awesome.Casino: clean, smells great, not too noisyBars: Red Square & Forty Deuce are both fun scenes. Not a fan of Rum Jungle. House of Blues can be fun if there's a good band and you're at least 2 sheets. The Foundation Room is good, if just for the thrill of saying you got in (it's only open to members or VIP's). It's pretty much just a standard bar, but with a fabulous view of Las Vegas.the Pool: Love the pools, wave pool (beach), and lazy river. Now they also have a beachside casino. Haven't had a chance to try that out yet. However, the entire pool area has become totally overpopulated and it can be extremely difficult to find seating, particulalrly in summer. Be warned...you may have to get there early.
4	For the most part, I always have a great time here.  The slots usually pay out well between 3am-6am for some reason.  Rooms are nice, and the event center is nicely done as well.  It can get a bit noisy between 11pm-3am, but fun times abound.  There's also a small shopping mall which connects to the Luxor on the other end with an Urban Outfitters in it.    Since my last stay the place has been taken over by the MGM Mirage group, and so far the hospitality level is still golden.
4	This is a really nice hotel, I liked walking through and looking at all the cool shops and restaurants.  I think I'd like to stay here the next time I come to Vegas.
4	Booked a 750 sq. ft. suite for $135/night. Checked in, were told our reservation was unavailable--- BUT, they were instead going to upgrade us, for free, to a 1050 sq. ft. penthouse suite on the 61st floor. Now THAT'S what I'm talking about! The elevator made my ears pop.Two rooms, 1.5 baths, and a wet bar, this room was more than any couple really needed, especially since we weren't planning any hotel parties. We didn't have a direct strip view, but you could see it if you angled your head just right... Four tvs in the room, one in each section of the room (living room, wet bar, bedroom, bathroom).The jacuzzi tub was more than pleasant, as was the overabundance of towels provided. All the little bottles of goodies were not only fun but also very high quality-- usually hotel shampoo leaves me feeling a little smarmy, but not this.There was a FRIDGE in the room, which was so great, since I'd brought some pies for Thanksgiving and wanted them to keep for the two days leading up to the big dinner. I was also told by the woman at the front desk that if there wasn't one in the room already, I could call housekeeping to request a fridge, no charge. Charge for a DVD player though, which is included standard at THEhotel, boo.Kind of got walked in on by the turndown service lady. Very awkward to run to the door pulling on things just to meet her and say, "er, no thanks, the bed is sort of already turned-down, you see..." Minus one star for that awkwardness.Left my keys in the room after check out, but when we went back up to find them, the cleaning lady had very kindly set them aside for me. Phew!Usually I stay at the "other" Mandalay property-- THEhotel, but after enjoying this newly remodeled suite so much, I will say that I will probably be back to this hotel again! South end of the strip is so much nicer than the North end, no matter how many Wynn Casinos they build, I'll still stick to Mandalay Bay Resort.
4	Very impressive, the casino is gorgeous (no luck for me, sadly), the wave-pool was nice, the aquarium in the lobby was interesting, and the staff was exceptionally courteous and helpful. My room was standard, but, being in Vegas, I didn't spend my entire three days in the desert cooped up in there. There is a monorail to other MGM properties on the west side of Las Vegas Blvd if you're sick and tired of walking.
4	On my top 5 list of places to bring out of town guests...Shark Reef is pretty cool, has a Monterey Bay Aquarium feel, sometimes too crowded to see much.  Rum Jungle with it's walls of water & fire, and Hugh display of Liquor as the centerpiece (protruding cantilevers for hot dancers), food is iffy, not my style, drinks are spendy, but love the atmosphere.  The Vodka Bar next door, if you like ice bars, is smaller & less chaotic.  Lots of other restaurants available, usually pretty busy on weekends & evenings.  Checked out the Black Eyed Peas concert last Dec., sat in the nose bleed section, sound system sucked, not enough Fergie for my taste.  Checking out Dane Cook tonight...will let you know if he's as funny in person!
5	We came here for the Las Vegas Marathon and never left the hotel, except for the marathon and a late night food run at this burger place we saw during mile 15 or so in the marathon. We were too sore to leave the super comfy bed.  ...
5	Great rooms, lower prices, and walking down to a restaurant or through the casino does not make your eyes water with the cigarette smoke. I will return.
4	Solid 4 star hotel.  The room was well adorned with marble and mosaics.  The bed was comfy and the bathroom was huge.  I thought the flat screen TV in the bathroom was a nice touch.  The Spa facilities are top notch.  This is a great place to get a deep tissue massage, sweat out any remaining stressors in the sauna, and then fully relax in the spa.  In the casino you will find some of the most personable blackjack dealers who will actively engage you in conversation as you kiss your money goodbye.  Hey, it was fun though.
4	Still has the Juice!  It's been a while since I have been to Mandalay.  But I have to say, it's done a great job of keeping up with the ever changing times of Las Vegas!  How many times do you go to Vegas?  There is ALWAYS something new!  Madalay keeps it up, and stays strong!  Rooms:        Pretty nice, and the price is reasonableLounge:        The best on the strip!  Clubs:           There are still 3 main clubs that will keep you movin' Pool:             Only "Hard Rock" has a better One!  I didn't give this place 5 stars, because they can give better deals, and more "Vegas" stuff.  I mean I remember when it was really cool to give out really cool stuff in Vegas.  So I might be a bit nestalgic in this sense, but I am hoping they go back to a little of the old!
4	Fabulous!!! If this pool was at the Venetian this rating would be off the charts. I would stay here again just because of the pool... after going out at night I spent all day laying out and relaxing at the wave pool--it actually got us to spend an extra night in Vegas that we didn't plan on! The price was awesome, like 120/night I think? I think thats just because it's a little ways past the strip.. not a bad walk.. and if you drive, everywhere has valet anyways so parking is not an issue (cabs are also EVERYWHERE). The shark reef is really cool and the casino is one of my personal favorites. I really had no need to leave the hotel--I thought I was satisfied at the party here (just a little sight seeing is always in order!), I mean.. who can resist the House of Blues in Vegas?! Not this girl!! I'd definitely refer anyone to stay here and will be staying here again as well!! Oh, did I mention the clean, pretty rooms & friendly staff? Always a plus! I really love the overall motif that the place has... This is one of the best hotels in Vegas, hands down.
4	We were originally booked for new years eve at the MGM, when we go there, they told us they had overbooked and refunded us our 400 bucks and gave us a FREE COMPED room at Mandalay Bay.The pros:  BETTER DAMN ROOMThe cons: at the end of the STRIPThe compromise?  The shuttle from Mandalay to the Exacalibur (via Luxor), puts you back into the heart of the strip where the countdown and the fiasco goes on at midnight.The rooms were awesome..What I didn't like were the unlocked areas for the shower, but the bathroom stall had a lock on the door..The flat screen in the bathroom was PIMP.I thought I was in an episode of CRIBS :)
4	The rooms were really nice. Marble bathrooms. I actually liked the fact that this place is at the end of the strip, and therefore less crowded than some of the other casinos in the middle. And, there's a shuttle to get you further into the action. The dealers were nice and funny, and the guy sitting next to me was not only cute, but friendly. Unfortunately, I was staying in a room with my sister, who was already up there and asleep, and he was on some sort of family trip. I still owe him a dollar from the bonus on the Let It Ride table. The coolest thing at this hotel? The wave pool. Grab a tube and float around a few times. It's so relaxing and totally awesome. I'd definitely stay here again...
4	Best night of sleep I've had in ages. The bed was so comfy, having to get up almost made me cry. Since this place doesn't have an overtly annoying theme, it makes it easier to bear than most of the others (yes Caesar's Palace, Venetian, Paris, New York ETC, I'm talking about you!).Everything else is just as you'd expect, the lowest common denominator of the clientele is not as low as in other places and the folks who designed the waitress-uniforms managed to not make them look like the polyester-whores everywhere else.But even if everything else would have sucked, I'd still go back for the bed.....
4	Stayed here for less than 24 hours in a suite to party.  The suites are damn nice but their closets are very uncomfortable to sleep in.
4	I've stayed here a couple of times.  The rooms are spacious and I love the bathrooms.  The hotel as a whole is beautiful.The beach pool is a huge plus and it offers a more exclusive section called Moorea Beach Club as well.  I like the hotel itself, but I don't like the fact that it's so far down the strip.
4	Ok, yes I am a hotel snob...and I love this hotel.  The rooms are big and bathrooms are big in the rooms, you do not have to walk through a smokey casino to get to your room.  The reception area is beautiful, and the 11 acre tropical resort outside is the best!  When I stay here I really don't need to leave for great food or a great spa; everything is here!
3	Has: A tram to get you to Excalibur or LuxorHas Not: A tram to get you to anywhere cool people might stayHas: Fleur de LysHas Not: Reservations available during your tripHas: The host of the Vegas marathonHas Not: the length of the convention center from the entry seems like you've just done a 5k warm up to get your bib numberHas: Friendly staffHas Not: Competent staff who can get you from point A to point B quickly
5	PENTHOUSE? WOW. I had never been to a Vegas Penthouse before (well not that I recall). Our friends got a Penthouse on the 61st floor here and it was beautiful. Many, many rooms, in addition to the beautiful bathrooms, dining room, kitchen, bar, theatre room, huge living room, and huge closets. Beds were fluffy and comfy as heck. View was AMAZING. Sounds systems, mood lighting, vanitys, and the works. MAN O MAN!!!!!! UNBELIEVABLE! Thank you to my wonderful friends for letting me chill out at their Penthouse and enjoy that experience.Mandalay itself is nice overall. One thing I wanted were the 25 cent Wheel of Fortune slots and I couldn't find them to save my life! Other than that I was happy. :) PENTHOUSE BABY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Slots are bad here...lol maybe it was just my luck but I love the black jack tables! Came here with some friends and celebrated a birthday as you only can in Vegas! Rooms are cozy and the PH is also a rare treat. Place is kinda confusing in the wee hours as you stagger to make your way back to the room after a night of drinking or just playing the odds all night long. The lounge is a great alternative if the clubs are packed. Its small but at least youre not rubbing shoulders with people next to you.
4	This place was great.  It's a huge complex that I would love to stay at in the summer.  There are tons of things to do here, just within the hotel itself.  The room was very nice with probably the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in.  The bathroom was huge (we had a handicap suite for some reason.The men's spa downstairs was great, and very clean.  It's a little cruisy, so straight men might not love it as muchOne star (almost 2) taken off for charging for internet per 24/hrs.  I feel like in 2008 at a large complex, this should be a given.  Even some motels give it to you for free.  Definitely preferred the casino at Planet Hollywood to Mandalay's.
5	Every year, I would go here with my brother before I bought my restaurant.  We loved it.  It's very clean and not too crowded.  I like Bellagio, for example, but so many tourists want to visit the casino and lobby area--which makes it very cramped.  Mandalay Bay is not like that at all.  I have good gambling experiences.  The restaurants are very good.  The lounge entertainment is great.  I'm a big 80's / jazz fan.  Try it out.
4	Just stayed here this past Super Bowl weekend.  I liked this place a lot.  There's even a mini flat screen in the bathroom!  The rooms are nice and the poker tables are really loose.  What more can you ask for?  Maybe a $16 bowl of pho at their noodles restaurant.  Have you ever had a $16 bowl of pho?!But I still like the suites at the venetian better...
4	The two bedroom suites are very nice.  Clean hotel.  Excellent housekeeping services.  They were quick with replenishing clean towels, etc.The pai gow tables are awesome.  Lots of good food to eat.  Must try the hash browns at the Raffle Cafe.  The Red White and Blue Cafe had good fries.  Fleur de Lys is located in this hotel as well.  There is also tram service that connects to Luxor and Excalibur.  The hotel is close to the airport.One star off for having no security around when some random guy rubs his balls in front of my face and I wanted to report him.
4	This place was truly amazing.  It has been a couple years since I've been back in Vegas.  Since we had very discounted rates during a weekend training it was worth the hard work.  The rooms were very clean and the lobby.  I don't gamble but it looked like everyone was having a good time and enjoyed themselves of course, It's Vegas.  There is so much to do just in the casino it's self.  The pool  was huge that included a wave pool and an enormous lounge/beach area.
3	I stayed here a few years back and overall I like the resort, but I expected much more from such a large place. For one, this may be a small thing but on 8 floors the vending machines were either broken or out-of-stock. Call my old fashioned but that is basic business right there.In the end I did enjoy the stay but Mandalay would not be my first choice.
4	So much nicer than I expected!We had a standard room, which had a 50 inch flat screen, two queens, a bathtub and seperate shower, tv in the bathroom, and beautiful modern decor. My only compaints: it's on the far end of the strip, vending machine ate my money, no $10 tables that I could find, and wave pool was closed.
4	Great looking place with a lot to do. I love the shopping area and the gambling area is even cooler. Make sure you play that Giant Slot Machine.  They have there own convention center and shopping center. Theres things to do for everyone here.
2	We stayed in the M B this last weekend. Housekeeping didn't clean our room once. We called to at least get clean towels. They never arrived either. On both mornings we called for room service coffee and a little breakfast. We were informed it would be an hour and a half! Every where we went in the hotel we waited in long lines (not that lines are unusual anywhere in LV - but it was just insult to injury). The hotel itself is lovely. But the service was simply not satisfactory. When we go back to Vegas we will stay elsewhere.
4	Nice rooms.  Fun surroundings. Lots of places to be "seen."  I really liked the Mandalay Bay Beach, although being on it during Spring Break made this married mama of two feel a tad old.  A cool wave pool, a lazy river and more, you'll have no problem passing the day away here.  They even have a concert venue on their beach!  We saw Blues Traveler there on our last night in town and it was a hell of a lot of fun! Imagine a hot Vegas night, watching a great band while standing in the cool waters of Mandalay Bay and participating in the ocassional splash fight! Mandalay Bay also offers some terrific eating and drinking as wella s other musical experiences.  Some I recommend are House of Blues, rumjungle, Red Square, China Grill and the fabulous Aureole!
3	Mandalay Bay is a beautiful hotel/casio with a nice selection of restaurants and very cool rooms. We stayed in the newly furnished "Gold Class" suites (all the suites may be newly furnished by now, but when we checked in it didn't seem like they were).  The room is comfortable and has a very modern aesthetic. A couple of small things are keeping this from a four star review. 1.) The pool is beautiful but when we were there in July it was so incredibly crowded that it was difficult to find pool side seats. The lazy river was so full of people trudging along that it ceased to be both lazy and a river; it was more like rush hour on the way to a factory job. Also, the pool doesn't have umbrellas available for you unless you pay for a cabana, and we didn't choose this option (it's way too pricey for just two!). The other thing that such a nice pool brings is a large number of kids, so keep this in mind if you choose Mandalay Bay in the summer.2.) I had a pair of earrings stolen from the room. I know, I know, keep them in the safe. It's my fault for leaving them out, but still ...  After I called to report them missing, they did send up a very nice and helpful security person, but there was really nothing he could do. He may have spoken to housekeeping about this, however, because it was difficult for us to get any housekeeping after the incident. It was like we were being punished for reporting the earrings missing.
5	Thanks for an awesome 5th anniversary experience with my hunny-bunny!  Our room was perfect in sooooooooooo many ways (I erased my descriptions as my significant half will be to embarrassed at my bold hot honesty)The beach and pina coladas made our recoveries pleasurable.A time to remember!
5	Nice, clean and spacious room. 5 stars for just that. Crisp white linen sheets. There's a bath and tub. The toilet has its own door. There's two sinks and you have the round magnifying mirror as well so you can see all your pores blown up. Great housekeeping service as well.
5	The rooms are clean, modern, and comfortable.One thing that stood out for me was the HDTV in the room. Why? Because there were HD channels! For whatever reason, more often than not, hotels that advertize having HDTVs in their rooms never broadcast any HD channels. What's the point of having an HDTV with no HD channels! I was so happy to see Mandalay Bay caught up with the times. The TV in the bathroom was cool too.On a recent trip here, a friend of mine upgraded to a suite on the top floor (62nd floor). It was a suite that Mandalay Bay supposedly never sells and only comps to high rollers. I must reiterate the word, "supposedly." I have to say, the suite was really nice. There was a dining table, 1.5 baths, separate bedroom, kitchen area, and two large HDTVs. Looking out of the windows, you felt like you were on top of the world.Mandalay Bay feels like my home away from home whenever I visit Las Vegas. I feel so comfortable here and always know what to expect, which is high quality service, lovely rooms, and occasional hotties walking around the casino. ;-)
4	I stayed at the Mandalay Bay for a Bachelorette Party and was pleasantly surprised: you walk into the lobby and it looks like an old charming (huge) hotel straight out of the movie Titanic. Check in was uneventful, but the Bell desk was very responsive with my luggage. The room itself spacious and the Bathroom was great. 2 sinks, separate toilet, tub and shower and all clean and fresh.Only thing is that it is too far to walk to the main strip (Bellagio et al) but a cab is no more than 10 bucks. Casino is less crowded than others on center strip.I would recommend it.
4	We stayed in a two bedroom suite for a bachelorette party.  Other than the restaurant row, I had never stayed here before.  The room was nice, but in need of a little paint touch-up.  Big sized living room and dining area.  Nice bedrooms and full bathrooms.  Perfect for a gaggle of gals who will carry their secrets to the grave.  ;)The hotel itself is very nice.  I've walked by the pool area before, but this time we actually had lunch at the cafe out there.  We were looking out to the wave pool.  It was kind of surreal.  But then again, it's Vegas.  I'm not a beach person, so after lunch, we all split up.  Some went shopping, some stayed at the 'beach' and did the relaxation pool, and I hit the casino.  All in all, the hotel really accommodate all of us - and even though we were separated at times, we all were able to do what we wanted.  So, this was a very special occasion weekend, in a very special room - so I can't rate what the regular rooms are like.  I wouldn't mind staying here again - with a good offer.
5	Me and my friends go to vegas every summer for the past 5 years now and we've stayed at the Mandalay Bay a couple times.  This hotel is beautiful.  The air has a nice sweet,clean smell when you first walk in.  The standard rooms are spacious, clean and luxurious.  We had a room that faced their famous pool...there are 2 closets, 2 sinks in the bathroom, a shower and a separate bathtub.  The toilet is in it's own little separated section of the bathroom so you can close it off and someone else can use the vanity sink area.  The bed was sooo comfortable and the pillows nice and fluffy and linens were soft, clean and comfy.  If you are all about hanging out by a pool, this is the hotel for you.  There is a wave pool and a beachy, sand area where all the lounge chairs are.  Get there early as the lounge chairs are taken up pretty quickly!  The pool area has a great vibe and good music.  There's a poolside grill restaurant which we took advantage of on the day we didn't want to leave the pool area to grab lunch.  The smell of the burgers while you're out in the wave pool will most likely tempt you to stop by at some point!  There's another pool area which is topless and you have to pay cover to get in but the music in that area sounds cool.  Because the pool area is pretty popular they swipe in every person's room key card so make sure each of your guests staying at the hotel bring down their key to the pool.  There's a bunch of good restaurants that you should try if you are staying there or not....Burger Bar which is in the Mandalay Bay Place is a must!  The Kobe beef burger is heavenly.  The Rum Jungle is a brazilian steak house that turns into a club at night with glow in the dark go go dancers dancing and swinging above you.  If you go there for dinner try the skirt steak.  The only downfall on the Mandalay Bay is the location...it is located on the south strip...it's the last hotel on the south part of the strip so unless this is your first visit and you want to be more centralized so you can walk around and explore the strip, you might want to stay at this hotel during your return trips back.   Other than that I have nothing bad to say about this place and would recommend it to everyone!
5	1.26.08: This place is freaking lovely. I never realized how beautiful this hotel was. The lounges, bars, and restaurants are nicely decorated. I never seen inside the regular rooms of this hotel, but I can say the Suites here are freaking top notch. They mean business. If you could think of the most beautiful and perfect woman, that is how beautiful and perfect Mandalay to me seem to be.
3	Beautiful hotel, fabulous pool area, but in my opinion the rooms are a little substandard.  The interiors are very nice and the beds are super comfy, but the soundproofing is terrible!  There was a family in the room next to ours and you could literally hear every word they said and every squeal, cry & tantrum (of course starting around 7am).  There was also a 1 inch gap under our front door, allowing us to hear every noise made in the hallway.  I ended up stuffing towels under the doors (helped a bit, but shouldn't be necessary here).  The only other tiny knock is the housekeeping - they kept shorting us towels, but doubling up on toiletries.  Oh, and if you want to get a seat at the pool (yes, even the Moorea Beach Club, better get there early because by 11am all the chairs are taken).
3	This hotel ain't all that. If you're here to see a show at HOB, its a plus to stay here. I prefer the adjacent "The Hotel". I don't think the girl at the check in counter even made eye contact when we checked in.Since when is it OK to push a stroller through a casino while your husband gambles?Pros:- The pool is nice.- Shark Reef is cool.- Rooms are clean and large.- Close to the airport.Cons: - The pool is nice, but only if you can get there soon enough for a spot and even then, its so freakin crowded you wont want to go anywhere near that pee infested water.- Long check in time, took 45 min to check in 4 people in front of me!- Hotel Staff and dealers are less than enthusiastic.- Elevator wait times can be a bit long at times, especially when you stop at every floor to pick people up.- Spa suites do not have strip views. Essentially you pay more for a view of the freeway and a larger bathtub.
5	I absolutely loved my experience here and I would recommend this hotel to anybody looking for an above-average-yet-still-affordable place in Vegas.  Between the TV in the bathroom so you can watch March Madness basketball games from the tub, the spectacular view of the strip, the ENORMOUS sports book with tons of seating and a cafe inside of it, the shark reef, the no-cover lounge/dance club in the middle of the casino and the friendly cocktail waitresses, you don't even have to LEAVE the Mandalay.Rooms: OK I do agree with another reviewer who says the soundproofing is terrible.  Well, I sort of feel bad for the people next to us because with 17 drunk people in our room playing flip cup (what are we, in a frat?) and blasting music (they have these cool iPod dock speakers), we were probably the noisy neighbors.  So watch out for this if you are planning a romantic weekend.  If not, you should stay here if you want a party suite because the rooms are very spacious.  The beds were unbelievable, the view was so so so spectacular (be sure to book a view room) and the bathroom was really luxurious.  Service: Everyone from the bellhop who suggested that I bring my case of water into the hotel when he saw that he had to transport 37 gallons of vodka up to my room, to the woman who took off an incorrect charge on the room bill, were all extremely friendly.  Customer service is one thing Vegas has down pat.  That and taking your money for it. ;-) Sports book: One of the reasons I chose Mandalay.  They have, hands-down, the BEST sports book in Vegas.  I was shocked when I saw others were so shitty (i.e. NY NY, MGM).  Mandalay Bay has literally like 60 stories of TVs and ample seating.  You can always get a seat and a waitress.  The spreads were also better here than other casinos.  Clubs/Bars: The Eye Candy lounge was great.  HUGE flat-screens to watch the games and a ton of seating you don't have to pay for.  They make this awesome drink called an Antioxidant -- with fresh berries too.  Bit of a girly drink, but if you get it as a shooter is still actually surprisingly refreshing and then your friends won't make fun of you.  The Mix has an awesome view, great photo op but not so great music.  It's OK though, because I got to witness my friend try to make out with another friend in a storage closet and get caught by security and kicked out.  There's also a guy standing outside the clubs with passes and if you tip him $20 he'll get your whole group in for $10 a head rather than $25.  Worth it if you're in a big group.  Not so worth it to pay $25 cover for a club that plays crappy techno mashed with Journey.  But if you're a guest, you only pay $10 cover anyway.  Buffet: The Bayside Buffet is good for dinner but just OK for lunch (they have pretty much the same menu but no fresh seafood at lunch).  $26 for dinner on a weekend is pretty good for Vegas I think, comparable to other places.  Prime rib, steaks, fresh crab legs, shrimp cocktail, pizza, a pasta bar, soups, fresh salads... all pretty common buffet fare.  Their dessert bar was humongous too.  But I think I've been to better buffets.Pool: Jesus, I did a lot at the Mandalay.  Their pool area is AWESOME, but just beware that it's really crowded.  If you go by yourself you can find a lounge-chair and drag it anywhere you want, but if you're in a group, good luck finding a spot for more than 3 people.  The wave pool is fun, but their hot tubs are EEEEEEEEETY BITTY LIVING SPACES (gold star for anyone who can name that reference).  No more than 5 people at a time.  What else?  Oh the tram connects you to Luxor or straight to Excalibur, and from there you can get to MGM or New York New York pretty easily.  We basically didn't leave that one corner of Vegas the entire weekend and I didn't really mind.  Tip: I booked my stay through www.travelzoo.com, for 20% off.  They continuously have deals for Vegas hotels/shows.
4	Bonnie L, your Jacuzzi reference was from Aladdin....I'm a Disney nerd, what can I say? I just got back from Vegas myself, and I stayed at the Mandalay Bay as well. That was you and your friends keeping me and my boyfriend awake that night? Haha, just kidding. But really I have to agree that the soundproofing was terrible. I don't mind the airport noise, because I live near one and actually find it relaxing, (I know I'm weird.) but the noise in the hallway was pretty bad at some points. Room: Beaauutiful and really modern. We had two Lounge Chaises right by the window, which is floor to ceiling, btw. The window offered a great view of the strip and part of the airport at night. The flatscreen tv was amazing. The bed was soooo comfortable, I think it had two layers of down comforters, and I felt like I was sleeping in a cloud. Ipod docking station was prime. It was nice to be able to listen to my favorite songs while getting ready to go out. The bathtub was enormous, and I got to watch movies while I relaxed. After the bath you can jump into the gorgeous shower, which is made of little non-slip stones, (there's no better way I can think to describe it, sorry!) and has a great shower head.  I did not want to leave. There was also a separate toilet room, and two sinks, how nice! I wish I could have stayed here my whole trip. The Pool:You can't get in without a room key which gets scanned, and they know if you are really staying there or not so be careful! The only way I know this is because we wanted to take a dip after checking out and they asked us if we had just checked out. High tech fun spoilers! They let us in anyhow though. It was a little chilly, so I didn't enjoy it as much as I should have, but the wave pool is beautiful, it sounds like the real pacific ocean that I miss so much! There is even real sand beneath the lounge chairs. There is also a lazy river, but it was cold so I didn't go in.The Casino:Smells nice. I don't gamble so what can I say.The Shark Reef:Freaking awesome. Do it, its worth the money, but don't rush through it. Think of it as your little nature escape from Vegas for an hour or two.The nightclubs:I went to Rumjungle on a on a Sunday, it was down time for them. Cool bar though. After that I went to Ivan Kane's Forty Deuce. It was fun, tbat that is another yelp story to be told.So why only four stars after such a glowing review? The check-out process was a NIGHTMARE. The lines are not formed at all, so people are just clustered together, and some of them apparently cant read. Check-In window is for when you want to get a room. Check-Out window is for when you want to leave and don't want to stand in line for  forty-five minutes behind all the bozos trying to check-in at the CHECK-OUT LINE!!!!! Really there is a reason for designated lines, and it is because checking in takes twice as long as checking out. True story! How irritating, they really should either rope off lines so that people can't stand to the left of the line and then cut you off, claiming they were in line, or not let people check-in at the check-out line. That is my only large and volatile complaint.
5	Well worth the extra dough. The room was huge (600s) with a freakin spa tub! Hells ya. Giant TV was awesome. The bed was comfy, and again who can turn down a spa tubbing and watching Oprah on the TV in the bathroom. We felt fancy. Not much in the way of mid priced food options. Super fancy or super crappy. But the standouts are Burger Bar and HOB.The pool was too crowded which as the big turnoff here. And it's on the end of the strip.. so be prepared to walk!But this was the best smelling most ventilated casino, good slots, some $5 tables and lots of $10.We will stay here again for sure!
4	Second to Bellagio, Mandalay Bay is a favorite of mine to stay at in Vegas.  And i have a feeling i'd love this hotel even more once we have a child of our own b/c Mandalay is undeniably one of the few hotels in Vegas that's able to retain this rather grown up sophistication while providing a subdued family friendly atmosphere  -- very much to my liking.  My fashion-conscious teen sister Tiffany who was on spring break tagged along and she was as awestruck by the amenities that this hotel has to offer.  she was particularly enthralled  by our suite - the pool & beach view, the super luxurious & comfy beds, large plasma tv, the luxurious marble bathroom complete w/ its own plasma tv, sunken bath tub, double basins, and separate glass shower stall and dual-lined telephone.  minus one star though for the unfriendly front desk clerk who assisted us at check out.
5	____________________________________________                                         $ $ $                                         $ $ $                                         $ $ $                                 $$$ $ $ $$ $$                                    $$$ $$$ $                                         $ $$                                           $              _______________       $slots$_____________     __$$$$_______$$$___$ufc$________     _$21$$$_____$$$___$$$$$$$_______     $$$_$fun$___$$$__$$$$____$_______     $____$$$$_$$$$_$$$______________     _______$$$$$alcohol___$$$$$_______     ____$beach$$$$$$_$$$$_$spa$_____     ___$$rum$$$$jungle$_____$$$____     __$$$__$$$$$$(*)(*)$$_______$____     _$$___$$poker$$sin$$$$_________     $$___$$$$_$$$$_$$$__$$$$$________     $___$$$$___^^__$$$$___ $$$_______     ____sex_____^^^___y$$____$$______     ____$$______ ^^^^___$$$____$______     ____$$_______^^^^____$$___________     ____$________^s^____$$__________     _____________^h^____$___________     _____________^o^________________     _____________^w^_________________     _____________^s^_________________     _____________^^^_________________     ____________^^^_________________     ___________^^^^__________________     _________^^^^^_______________Welcome to The Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino_________________________________________
5	Great place to stay. We had no problems. The rooms were really nice with a flat screen TV in the room and a smaller version in the bathroom. The pool area is awesome. How could you not enjoy a wave pool, a lazy river, and hot people everywhere. But if you want a good spot out there get there early or you won't be able to find a place to lay.
3	We reserved a strip view room with king size bed and were given a 2-queen with a strip view. The view was amazing. We were on the 25th floor and in the odd numbered side of the 201+ wing. You could see all the way to Treasure Island. One of the main reasons we wanted to stay here was because their pool area has a lazy river. Well, it was extra lazy on our trip and wasn't open. The pool attendants weren't giving straight answers as to if it would be open the next day either. We were only in town for two full days so that was a wash. Pluses:ViewDecent amenitiesNegatives:long elevator waits from upper levelslazy river was closedlate checkout wasn't availablesmoky WC$20 fridge rentaldistance from rest of stripWe're narrowing down our next visit to either Caesars, The Venetian, or Paris due to proximity to most of what we're interested in, in terms of dining/shopping/shows.But for it being my first visit to Vegas, I appreciated the overview of the strip that our room provided.
4	Very professional staff, great casino, Hotel still in great shape - walk to the shark reef its only half a mile away indoor hehe
4	This used to be my home in Vegas.... whenever we went to vegas... this is where we stayed...  it got to be second nature kinda... you know how these casinos are crazy big and it takes a couple days of wandering around sometimes to really figure out where everything is in relation to everything else?  Well... I had Mandalay Bay kinda figured out.Yes... the restaurants there were on the pricey side... but it was rare that I actually ate at them anyway... The statue outside of the russian place.... the cool triangular chargers, the good bowls of noodles, the polite staff at the buffet... and hanging out at the west valet side and spotting the working women strolling in.I had a couple different rooms at this place... first time was a full 1 bed corner suite, then I was there for a pseudo bachelor party and got the full 2 bed corner suite... then I actually had to pay for it myself, and got a regular room.The pool and the endless river thing were cool to hang out at.  wow... it's been a while.. maybe I should go back...good memories here.
4	There were a few ups and downs with staying here.  Excellent: quality and cleanliness of the roomVery Good: Three Starbuck's locations in the hotel.  Great for the next morning!Ok: friendliness of the staffOverrated: The pool area!  I booked this hotel because I heard the beach was just amazing.  I actually prefer the pool at The Hard Rock to this one. I had to get to the pool by 9:30AM to get a group of chairs.  Luckily I'm even an early riser when I have a hang-over.Good: Spa Mandalay... not excellent because of young 22 year-old girls chit chatting with their friends while I was trying to relax.  The whole spa doesn't need to hear about your hook-up from last night.Perfect: My Swedish Massage from the spa.  I wish I could remember the name of my practitioner.  It was absolutely wonderful!  I wanted to get a second massage the next day, but couldn't justify another $160.Absolutely Wonderful: The evening we spent at The Foundation Room.  This place is second to none.
4	Didn't stay here, but spent a lot of time none the less. This is definitely the pool complex to see and be seen. However, MGM Grand just opened a new pool complex - including 2 saltwater. (Note to Vegas visitors, the pool scene is the nightclub of the day.) The collection of restaurants is quite impressive. We ate at Burger Bar here which was fun and more reasonable than most.Shark Reef attraction here is a amazing. Overall look and feel of the hotel was nice, although kind of nondescript. I would think it would be a good place to stay.
2	My husband took me to Vegas and surprised me with a stay at the Mandalay Bay Hotel.  It was extremely beautiful on the outside and grounds were tropical and pretty, although at the time...the pool was under construction, which was a huge disappointment!  The hotel service was horrible, I must say....the beauty all around us was not enough to stop our frustration after waiting for our room for over 2 hours!!!  We made reservations at least a month in advance and arrived a little after check-in time!  it was horrible.  we were excited and then we can't get into our room.  it was very disappointing.  By the time we got to our room we were able to change our clothes quickly for dinner....and we were off.  It put us both in a sour mood, so we kind of had to work out of it over dinner.  We went to the Reef as well and thought it was just okay.  The buffet the next day was very good.  They had a wide variety of ethnic dishes and had fresh fruits on hand for health addicts.  Too bad the service was so bad.  On top of all that....the bed had stains on the sheets, which made us very upset...it was gross.  I would have much rather slept in the bathtub in the HUGE bathroom.  We called to complain, but they were too busy to help us.  Very disappointing.  Will not return.
4	The rooms are average. They look like every other place in Vegas except with different theming. That's not a bad thing, because generally the rooms at the hotel/casinos are nice, it's just that it doesn't stand out for me. What did stand out for me is the pool area. It's like a freaking amusement park out there complete with wave pool, waterslides, and lazy river. If I had kids or for that matter wanted kids, this would be the place to stay at.
5	I love everything about the Mandalay Bay. I stayed there the last time I went to Vegas and couldn't have had a better experience. The rooms are perfect. Large windows, HDTV, beds that feel like clouds, large bathrooms with a TV inside, and iHome alarm clocks. It couldn't be better. The hotel itself and the casino floor is beautiful and reminds you of a tropical hideaway. The pool is definitely one of the major selling points as well. With a huge wave pool, a lazy river, and a bunch of smaller out-of-the-way pools and a whole lot of beach space, there is something for everyone. Now I know you are saying "but it is all the way at the end of the Strip!" To that I respond, yes but with everything you get, it is still more than worth it and the free tram saves you a lot of walking.
3	Alright, I just got back from Vegas and I REALLY wanted to Love mandalay bay. I have stayed at TI, Bellagio, The Palms, and Caesar's. First off, let me tell you if you are allergic to anything, or have allergies, DO NOT GO! They put this eucalyptis (spelled wrong I am sure) in their air filters so it pumps it out of their air conditioning, and I suffered for it... It smelled HORRIBLE and made me sick.  Besides that, the beds weren't that comfortable. The bed padding kept slipping off, so forget about doing the dirty without the sheets moving all about... The flat screen was nice, as is the big tub and nice shower. As far as hotels go, its okay.  It was nice to be in the same place as Rum Jungle since we went there a lot, and we ate at almost all the places. The pool is cool, not what all the hype is about--okay okay so they have sand, big whoop, but its nice to lay out at. The staff was really nice and helpful... All in all it was just okay..... It will be a LONG time before I get to Vegas again but I will NOT be staying there, there are too many other good options for less $$$...
4	Stayed at Mandalay Bay over Memorial Day weekend, booked directly through hotel...which made it easy to call in and get a re-rate anytime the price dropped. I actually qualified for their floating holiday promotion too...so Thursday night was free, Friday night was $230, and Saturday night was $300.  So about $177/night on average...works for me...and it was cheaper than MGM was that weekend (cus they were hosting the UFC fight)...so why pay more for a crappier hotel?    Checking in was a breeze and I tipped the front desk person $20. She was very nice and she upgraded my room to a strip view. It wasn't as good as my view at the Bellagio, but it was a view nonetheless...so I was happy.    The rooms and hallways are very clean and nicely outfitted. Although I do wish they had power curtains like some of the other casinos do. But they made up for it by having a very useful iHome alarm clock/radio/iPod dock, a bad ass 42" LCD TV in the room, and another LCD TV in the bathroom. The his & her sinks were also a nice touch, and the complimentary toiletries and hair dryer are of good quality so you don't have to bring the stuff from home.   Okay now some bad stuff: First off I was put on the 33rd floor, which meant just about anytime I was taking the elevator to/from my room I had to deal with like 4-6 stops at a time...it got frustrating by day two.  I will also note that upon checking in my room there were finger prints on the window, cigarette butts in the ashtray, and the shower seal leaked. One call and I got it all fixed very quickly, but still worth mentioning (and docked them a star). Overall for the price I paid I'm very happy with my stay at Mandalay Bay. It may also help that I made like $250 playing black jack during my first two nights there. So in way I got two of three nights free.  I also did some dry cleaning which I had picked up at 11 pm on Thursday and it was back in my room dry cleaned and pressed by 3 pm on Friday.  I also called in for some complimentary bath robes and slippers...surprisingly they even had separate his and hers slippers, a nice touch.  Again that works for me.   I will note that Mandalay is quite a ways being at the way southern tip of the strip. However there tram between Mandalay, Luxor and Excalibur definitely makes things easier...as once you get to Excalibur you can't walk across to MGM and take the monorail from there if you need to get anywhere more north.  Of course there is the Taxi, but that's a very expensive option when the strip traffic picks up at night.  I would definitely consider staying at Mandalay Bay again.~Gp.s. Lastly, their minibar and refreshments work on weight sensors...so be careful because they are really sensitive and make sure to check your bill..cus I was charged $10 for refreshments I never even picked up...they fixed it..luckily i checked the itemized bill.
5	Oh my god. This was the best hotel I"ve ever stayed in.  Everything about this stay was PERFECT and I hope to never have to stay anywhere else on the strip again!The Room: Fantastic. Bed literally enveloped me when I lay down on it and immediately put me to sleep.  Linens were clean and I wasn't even allergic to them!  The double sinks were nice, but obviously the TV in the bathroom with the luxurious bathtub was amazing-even in their cheapy rooms!  I made good use of that fantastic tub more than once on my stay.Pools: Obviously, the big draw for this place.  I went on the Monday morning of Memorial Day weekend and basically turned around and walked out. The place was packed shoulder to shoulder, was way too scenester for my taste, and overall was a total bust.  Then I went again the following Wednesday at 9am and it was totally vacant-and so I had a blast!  Was able to run around for a couple hours and totally enjoy myself without crashing into a single person, and having ample room to float around.Location: Yes, this is the very end of the strip-but I enjoyed that! The trams are easy enough to take, cabs are everywhere if you're feelings particularly spoiled, or if you have a rental car you can just pop up the backroads into the self parking lot of any casino you like.  All in all I loved the location.As I said, everything about this place was perfect and I've already started plotting my next trip so I can experience it again!
4	I just returned from Las Vegas this memorial weekend or at least the tail end of it... Sunday through Tuesday.  This was probably the busiest I have ever seen a hotel in Las Vegas... there were lines for everything and the pool was so packed we could not find lounge chairs for awhile.  But nevertheless I enjoyed myself.  I got to see all of the suites, the regular room was just what you would expect with a bed, flat screen TV, bathtub and shower, it was pretty nice.  I got the treat of staying in a junior suite and it was awesome!  It was huge with a large king size bed, weird couch seating area, and table with chairs.  The windows spanned from wall to wall and there was a pretty big flat screen so you could lay in bed and watch TV.  The bathroom was awesome with a huge jacuzzi tub and flat screen TV, and a walk in shower.  For a price comparison we originally booked at the Venetian and the price for one of the regular rooms was the same for the junior suite at Mandalay.  This definitely made our stay very nice.  I also got to see the media suite which was amazing.  This suite was made for parties and it was all wired for sound in every room and had flat screen TV in every room and a amazing view.  It had a lot of the same amenities as the junior suite, just a lot more rooms.  The hotel staff was always friendly and helpful.  All in all I had a very good experience so they get 4 stars from me:).
4	Nice balance of style and comfort.My room was decorated well and had a pool view (which is okay, but I would prefer the strip).  The bed was extremely comfortable and the bathroom was large with a separate shower and large bath-tub.  Definitely the nicest standard room I've found in Vegas.The pool was cool although on weekends in can be hard to find a spot, let alone a good spot.The casino did not stand out to me so I would say it was average in terms of the Vegas casino experience.
3	Checked in on Friday night with the bf for our weekend stay.We had booked a king size room and they gave us 2 doubles. WTF? So, when we got up to the room and saw the 2 small ass beds, I called to complain. What did the guy say? "OH, we dont guarantee the rooms, it's whatever is available upon arrival". Well, then why the fuck do you have the option to SELECT THE ROOM YOU WANT on the site? HMMM??? He said he could give us a king room for Saturday. Fine, whatever. The view in the double room was horrible and the beds were small. Good thing we like to cuddle! hahaahSaturday rolls around and we hit the pool. OMG.. the place was massively packed. I guess you have to get there hella early to get a chair. We ended up just tossing our stuff on the ground somewhere and then hit the pool and the wave pool. The wave pool was tons of fun! We got a message waiting for us after the pool and they had the correct room for us. The king room was WAAAY better. It even had a view of the pool area! Awesome. Service was alright. I think I like the Venetian better, but the Mandalay was okay. If you like hanging at the pool, go here for sure. Otherwise, hit up Bellagio or Venetian for better rooms.
4	I love the Mandalay Bay.I do not love their beds. I love the mix of comfort and style, service and convenience, and various entertainment.  The pool? It's the beach! They have an awesome stage setup for amazing shows and private parties.  I love it. So do millions of my closest Vegas tourist buddies so its always packed!!! I've had the pleasure of staying during the weekdays and let me tell you... the pool is a million times better when there's space to see the sand beneath your toes.Also, Mandalay Bay has a good number of restaurants/cafes that offer a wide variety of delicious foods to keep any tummy happy.  Although you overpay for everything, you remember that its the Vegas. It's expected.  Actually, everything is great... except.... for... the... beds... dammit.soooo small, soooo lumpy..... so not happening.  Maybe you can get a nice relaxing massage at their ritzy spa for the back pain you get from sleeping on their beds.*wah* such a cry baby. I know.
4	The rooms here are nice and cozy.  A nice comfy bed with a large television.  The limits on tables are a bit higher than others.  The hotel has a few good restaurants to eat at.  Plenty of stuff to do such as hit up Rum Jungle, Foundation Room, or there's always an event going on at Mandalay Bay.  They also have a nice pool called the Moorea pool which has beach sand and wave pools.  Definitely a place to sleep at.
4	Never actually stayed here but have stayed at the Four Season's so you have access to everything at Mandalay.  I came here a couple nights ago for my bf's company party.  It was out at the pool with about 10,000 software geeks....just joking you guys know I love you.They had food, wine and beer and Elvis Costello performed.You guys know how to party!
3	I don't get why people rave about this place. It was adequate, but it wasn't "upscale" as my friends described it. There were kids everywhere (ugh) and the room was clearly dated (huge gouges on the wall that they didn't even bother to fix but merely glossed over). I had a great view of the strip, but all-in-all, I would compare this hotel room to any of the MGM properties, which is substandard (especially if you have stayed in nicer places). I do love some of the restaurants here (Red Square being my favorite), and the pool area is cool, but insanely crowded. I liked the spa a lot (a pleasant surprise). I probably wouldn't stay here again unless they sent me a really, really good offer (and I had a free night, as it was . . . paid for two with the third free). I think the new lounges in Luxor are starting to make this property look and feel a little dated to me. Not that I want to stay at any MGM property, really, but I don't mind playing at them at all (i.e. drinking). Oh yeah, and I won 90 bucks on a Village People penny slot machine. One more thing: there were lines of people to get to the elevators. It was insane. I don't think the MGM hotel plan (cram as many rooms as you can into weird hallways and elevator banks) is all that good. That said, I was lucky my room was so close to the elevator.
4	For a bachelorette party a few weeks ago, we stayed at the Mandalay Bay and it was really a great choice!  Clean spacious rooms, large bathrooms, huge TV, large choice of nighttime activities, and even some shopping!However the best best part of this hotel has got to be the beach and wave pool!  Everyone loves the pool, so get there early (before 11am), and make sure to stock up on hats and sunblock as the vegas sun is extremely unforgiving.  There are also a lot of adult pools for a more relaxing experience.
4	We just spent the weekend here, and I loved it. My biggest gripe was that NOTHING was included here. I paid $14 to get wifi in our room and when I booked cirque du soleil tickets online, I had to print off the voucher. If the lady hadn't let me do it for free (which was probably good for her safety--as I was getting angry at the ridiculous prices of things) it seriously would have cost me $21 to print 3 pages ($15 to access the net on their computer and then another $2 a page). The pools were great, but of course, they were packed. If you didn't get out there as soon as they opened, you were hard pressed to find anywhere to sit. But we usually found lounge chairs within the first few minutes of walking around. You just had to claim lounges musical chairs style. By the third day we had moved on from the wave pool and lazy river area to the regular pools because they were less over-run with kids and you can bring drinks into the regular pools but not into the wave pool or lazy river. The lazy river isn't very lazy anyways, there are kids screaming and splashing and two waterfalls that are so strong you come back up in fighting mode. If you do plan on going in though, bring your own tube (lots of people do) because it costs $20 a day to rent one. We had a normal room, and it was really nice. The bed was sooo comfortable thanks to some sort of fluffy feather pad on top of the mattress and there was a big plasma TV on the wall. There are floor to ceiling windows that you can see out, but no one can see in, which is nice for...well, whatever you want to do in your room. The bathroom has a separate toilet room, glass shower, big soaking tub, and a small flat screen TV facing the tub. Overall, I think this place is great. The location sucks a little, being at the end of the strip, but there is a tram from the hotel to the Exalibur and you can cross the street to MGM Grande tram which goes down the strip a ways (although be warned: they make you walk through every square inch of the casino/hotel to get to the tram entrance and now it costs $5 to ride). You might be better off hoofing it if it isn't too hot out.
5	My criteria for visiting Vegas again...was only if we stay at Mandalay. I had heard so much about the pool, I wanted to enjoy it in the heat.As you walk into Mandalay..the smell of the coconut scent, makes you want to grab your bathing suit and head to the pool.We had a 15 minute wait and some issues when we arrived. We were given a $200.00 voucher to use at the buffet, at raffles a restaurant in Mandalay and for room service. That was great!We headed to the pool-loved it. Really enjoyed the beach, the lazy river and the relaxing pool-even in the 100 degrees.The room was really nice too. Overall really enjoyed our stay and would be back.I wanted to buy the coconut scent from their gift shop. But the clerk told me they discontinued that scent. Why would they do such a thing!
4	My first trip to Vegas was ( gulp ) about 7 years ago - I was just a bright eyed 19 year old, and it was my 1st trip to Vegas so EVERYTHING to me was amazing. I thought Mandalay Bay was a beautiful hotel, its class and not cheesy like some hotels down the strip a bit. Rooms are nice, spacious and the bathrooms are gorgeous - fantastic sunken tub and seperate glass shower. This hotel has a lot going for it, except its location. Being that it is the 1st hotel on the strip its quite a hike to see some of the other sites and enjoy all Vegas has to offer, however there are amazing restaraunts like Mix and Fluer De Lys - fun clubs like Foundation Room and Rum Jungle so heck, you could go to Vegas and not even leave the hotel!
3	You know, I was disappointed in the Mandalay Bay hotel experience.  I love to gamble here and the restaurants are very enjoyable, I thought staying here would be a treat.  Not so much!The hotel itself is a nice change from the strip, it is usually not that noisy, it is roomy and lovely, the breakfast buffet here is the best!  But the rooms, I would not stay again.  The door to the bathroom doesn't close well (I don't mean just ours, I mean the way they are designed), the doors to the rooms SLAM causing constant noise throughout the night.  It was just not that pleasant an experience.  Come here to eat, gamble and see a show, but skip staying here.  You can do much better at the Wynn, Paris, even our room at the MGM was much nicer!
4	I did a one night stay here for a night of fun and luxury.. this place fit the bill pretty well. Restaurant selections: Great! Strip Steak was great, and we had a hard time choosing where to eat among all the great options. Room itself: Nice, but not the BEST room in Vegas. Large bath tub was great, bed was good, but overall nothing to write home about.. just your standard 4 star nice hotel room. Pool: Awesome but too crowded. Having a beach and a lazy river... pretty cool. Drinks: So this is where they lose the star... my $15 mojito by the pool was gross.. seriously they put sprite in it. THERE IS NO SPRITE IN A MOJITO.. seriously.  Also, I'm playing poker and ask for red bull... I get the same response I get at the freaking Excalibur "Is Sobe ok?".. NO. For the last time people, Sobe doesn't equal red bull.. Sobe is gross. Nice try though... How about you start carrying Red Bull like.. MGM.. or... well even Boulder Station has freaking red bull.
4	I loved this place!  This was not my first trip to Vegas, I knew what awaited along the strip (good and bad).  Hell, soaking up some neon and people watching is part of the fun, but I could have stayed inside the walls of Mandalay the entire time and would have been happy.  They had everything I needed.  The casinos were comfortable and non-threatening- and the marked lack of cheesiness was appreciated. Plus, we won!  The staff was always helpful and professional, even after our cell phones deactivated our room keys for the fourth time.  pOp Sushi was excellent- especially the price.  Good food, live music and Kevin the sushi chef rocks!  Mix is awesome- the view and the vibe.  The room was spacious, clean and comfortable.  (I agree about the poorly designed bathroom doors- but really- who are you hiding from in a hotel room in Vegas? The door to the "water closet" worked just fine.)  We loved our view... of the beach.  Ah yes. The Beach.  I lived there.  Just perfect.  Lounge chairs, pina coladas, beautiful people, gorgeous sunshine and a crystal clear wave pool for when things get too hot.  Granted the drinks are a bit steep but this is Vegas.  When you might be paying $10 for a bottle of water somewhere close by, a $12 daiquiri is reasonable.  Sun all day, go nap in nice room, shower in big bathroom, get dolled up, go eat, gamble and get my groove on while taking in a fabulous view of the strip- all without ever hailing a taxi.  Four Stars- just because I don't give out fives.
4	One of my favorite places!!!!But! It's so far from everything!!  It's on the end of the strip where nothing happens at really.  But the little river thing with the floaties that you have to rent is really cool.  You can just lay there and relax.  Their pool area looks more to me like a water amusement park than a pool area. They even have a little beach area.  They have lots of chairs everywhere for you to lounge on and the atmosphere makes you feel like you're far away and not even in vegas.  The room was even better!  We had one of the suites with the two master bedrooms on each side which was cool and in the middle there were two other rooms, it was like one was a dining room and the other was a living room.
3	Mandalay Bay is a nice resort overall but they lack on customer service!! upon arrival, sure we got there early but the staff could of been better if they were a little bit accomodating!! my family and i was stuck in the lobby area for a good 3 or 4 hours, we didnt even get comped for lunch or dinner!! everything was sooo overpriced especially buying food and drinks in the pool area.The room was pretty big!! love how the shower and bath tub was seperated from each other...
3	if the website hadn't set my expectations so high, i probably would have given this place 4 stars.  by and large the hotel/beach staff  is as non-helpful as these yelp-reviews say. we arrived at 2 (checkin was at 3) and were told that our room wasn't ready.  so instead of refreshing after our morning of travel, we wandered around and familiarized ourself with the layout...for 3 hours.  we went up to the desk at 5 and were told that our room was ready, but they were behind on calling people.  at 6:30 (after we'd been in the room for an hour and half), we were finally called.we were read the riot act at checkin about the minibar, only to discover that there were things missing when we arrived. when we called to let them know, they acted like we were morons. if the standard "welcome to our hotel" speech includes warning you about how sensitive the keys are to being demagnetized (and they were), invest in new keys.our room was nice enough (we'd stepped up to a suite with an expanded bathroom), but was next to the ice machine. i could have complained, but *someone* has to get that room. just not sure why they'd put a mid-range suite next to it and not something a bit lower-priced.  the elevator bank on our floor was missing a few buttons, but they were replaced during our stay. the drain on the floor of our shower wasn't attached, and the light in the vanity mirror was out.little things, yes, that would barely register at a different hotel with a different attitude about itself (in a different price range), but really stuck in my mind and darkened the beginning of the trip until i actively chose to not let it bother me.that having been said...the casino is great. the ceilings are high, it's brightly lit without being gaudy, it actually smells good instead of like excessive amounts of smoke. the dealers/pit bosses were by and large a friendly bunch, the cocktail waitresses were friendly and frequent, even at the "cheap" tables, and when we wandered into the slots area to play money others had given to us.  although i would have liked more $10 tables, i know that's a sign of the economy.  best of all, it's not cramped, either, like some of the nearby casinos.we ate here almost exclusively, and the restaurants that surround the casino floor were all incredibly tasty.  we stayed away from the bars/clubs because that's not really our style, and i have a hard time paying $14 for something i can get for "free" while playing blackjack ;) no, it's not a cheap place to eat/drink, but then again, it's also not a *cheap* place.  i feel better spending the extra cash, feeling indulgent, and getting something fabulous, than getting something that's cheaper, but still over-priced, and a poor quality than i'd get back home for 1/2 the price. to me, that's more of a waste of my money.i spent one morning/afternoon at THEbathhouse spa and will make that a highlight of every trip back to vegas, regardless of where i stay.the only thing you gain by staying at the resort (in one of 3 hotels) is access to the pool/beach area.  is it worth it? i'm not sure, because this is the first trip to vegas i've actually gone to the pool. while the sand was novel and gave it a very beachy feel, there was sand on everything at the end of the day ;)  i certainly enjoyed the wave pool and the lazy river, but since i'm not the sort to lay out and crispify on a regular basis, i think i might not have missed it.  the beach also attracts families in the way a similarly-priced resort might not, which was a real down-side to the whole place.we were planning on venturing out to the rest of the strip, because "that's what you do," but since we'd seen most of it before, and almost everything at this resort (save the actual hotel room) was so inviting, we stayed put for the most part.what i enjoyed about mandalay bay can almost entirely be acquired without staying there.  on our next trip out, we may stay at THEhotel.  it's on site, so it gives you access to the beach and from what i saw on my way to and from their spa, likely worth the extra money: less kids, nicer accomodations, decor more our style, and closer to the "good" starbucks ;)   we didn't stay there mostly because of yelp reviews complaining about how far away it is from things.  yes, it's not next to the beach entrance, but that means your elevator doesn't empty out to a bunch of people in swimwear. it's along the edge of the casino like everything else *except* the conference center and the sharkreef, which are a hike no matter which property you stay at.more likely,  we may save the cash and stay at the luxor.  the difference in price will pay for a fabulous dinner at stripsteak or redsquare, and beach aside, everything at MB is an easy indoor walk away and the biggest risk there is walking by all the shops between them. ;)
3	I'm being unduly harsh I know, but you know I'm a bit old school.  Skipping the misdirected attempt to turn Las Vegas into Disneyland (the marketing equivalent of giving kids a bag of glass for Christmas), Las Vegas has always been about giving guests the decadent experience....and I mean well-executed, adult decadence.But somehow that memo seems to have missed the collective e-mail boxes of the Mandalay.  Didn't know they were taking the tropical island theme to the absolute extreme (as in the "you're on your own" feeling).  Too bad, as the property itself is very nice indeed.Specifics?  Well, for one, our humble trip had been in the works for months.  Everything was planned to the second.  I mean this was a military operation we're talking about.  And yet, the best laid plans of mice and men were, well, very rodent like from the beginning.We had four rooms booked plus a very large Media Suite.  It was made quite clear that we needed a certain DVD player in the Media Suite....hey, I mean why do we even have to ask?  It's a "Media" suite for heavens sake....you know, with umpteen large flat panels...I mean flat panels up the wahzoo.  Apparently, "Media" does not include a DVD player.  Now all would have been forgiven if not for the fact that it was made quite clear that a DVD player was essential as part of our stay included an audio-video presentation.  I mean, like the whole trip almost revolved around this presentation (which was professionally created with untold man-hours, custom software, love, etc.....shout out to you Roy...well done indeed).  How many times do you need to ask?  After much groaning and moaning, the staff came through...though not without a bunch of blood vessels popping in unison.And, for the other aspects of the Media Suite, well the iPod interface needs refinement and the wetbar needs work...the whole suite had all of 2 glasses, no essential bar utensils, no wine opener, and a fridge that seemed to want to heat items rather than cool them.  Welcome to Vegas baby!As for the other non-suite rooms, they were nice enough, but avoid breathing on the minibar items.  Those weight triggered sensors were trigger happy charging your room so much as if you look at a Bud the wrong way.  KA-CHING!  $10 bucks.All this, of course, is nit picking and dwarfs the main issue, which is we all had a good time hanging out with each other.   For that, I give Mandalay some credit.  The rooms and gambling floor are clean.  The whole hotel is bright and not as smokey as other places along the Strip and the drinks come faster than you can say "Honey, where's the ATM?"  Oh, and the testosterone level seems a notch below Conan the Barbarian which is very pleasant indeed.But attention to details matters most when you claim to be a luxury resort on the Strip, and for that, I would have to penalize Mandalay a star or two.  A wholesale review of personnel and operating procedure seems to be in order.  It's a waste to have such a nice property run this way. Oh, and that "what happens in Vegas" ads?  Yeah right.  This place leaks like a sieve.
4	Undeniably one of the nicest hotels on the strip. We had a beautiful room with a unusually large bathroom. Roomy, tons of storage, bed was so comfy! The pool wasn't open when I visited, so I'm unable to review it. Went to a few of the restaurants in the hotel and they were all great. The only reason why I wouldn't recommend the Mandalay Bay is because it's all the way at the end of the Strip. I'd rather stay somewhere not as nice but in a central location... but that's just me. Unfortunately, there was a water-main break on the Strip while we were there, so we were unable to shower/use water/the toilet for our last day- not the hotels fault, but quite annoying.
4	My husband and I love this place purely for the pool area.  The rooms are nice and roomy, but the reason we always book this place is for us to enjoy time in the sun and the pool area which is FABULOUS!  This place gives us time to feel like we are on a tropical vacation, but can walk out of the hotel and be in Vegas.Another reason why we enjoy this place is because it's at the end of the strip.  I know many people want to be in the middle of everything, but we like to just go to the crowds as we please, not be in the crowds.  It's a bit of a walk anywhere else on the strip, but there are monorails and cabs to take you where you want to go. The hotel itself is more on the quiet side compared to the more "central"  hotels because it's at the end of the strip.  We like it this way.The small aquarium is fun to check out, especially if you have kids with you, and Rum Jungle is also a cool club where a lot of people hang out in the evenings on the weekends.
4	Last week I was in Vegas for my best friend's 21st. Her parents booked and paid for a room for us at Mandalay Bay. Mandalay Bay was definitely a very nice hotel. We had a bedroom with 2 queen beds and the room and bathroom were very spacious. I didn't really get a chance to interact with the staff here (housekeeping, maintenance), so I can't really comment on the service. We had our do not disturb sign, or in Mandalay's case, "Recuperting" sign up the whole time, so we didn't have our room cleaned or anything. Overall, the hotel is a good one to stay out. I think a lot of the nicer hotels on the strip are pretty comparable. Personally, I like staying at the smaller hotels (Westin, the Platinum) cause there's less commotion. But Mandalay is a very nice hotel.Pros: - Big rooms & bathrooms- Efficient taxi lines/no crazy traffic- Moorea Beach + a couple of other pools- Eye Candy!Cons:- Mediocre restaurants- At the end of the strip
3	I was really looking forward to staying at Mandalay Bay.  The common areas of the casino are really nice - high end and tasteful.  When I checked in I asked for a room with a few of the entire Strip. After some nudging the woman at the counter upgraded me for free.  She wasn't the most polite person but maybe she was having a bad day.  The rooms were okay. More like a Bally's or Harrah's room than a Venetian or Bellagio room.  The bathroom was extremely large.  It had a stand up shower a huge whirpool tub... I couldn't believe how big it was. The view was amazing. Overall Mandalay Bay was good but no real "wow" factor (which I was expecting).
4	ive stayed here a few years ago for a work related conference and they made a few updates to the rooms.  the room we got this time looked a bit more modern and new. i like manadalay because it has an awesome pool.  it does sit at one end of the strip.  and it more quiet and less bustling, less crowded.  but i guess its ok if you decide to stay on this end of the strip as there are plenty of things to do on this side anyways.the staff is pretty nice.  the housekeeping lady we passed in the hall told us she hadnt gotten to our room yet when we got back early afternoon.  they didnt offer late checkout this particular weekend.
4	I have always wanted to stay in one of the huge and beautiful hotels and I actually got to and stayed for free, no I did not meet a millionaire who offered to pay for all of my hearts desire.  I received a scholarship to attend an Event Planning conference that was held at the Mandalay Bay Resorts Convention center.  The entrance is beautiful, which you would expect from Vegas.  Then I got to my room and was so excited to sleep on the most comfortable bed ever.  The room had a nice large bathroom with a separate door for the bathroom, which was nice for my room mate and I. It also had a bathtub separate from the shower and in the room we had a nice desk and view of the pool.  Their service was fantastic and the event space was comfortable and exciting.  The food was fantastic and I thou-rally enjoyed myself!  Plus at the beginning of the conference about 50 staff members, stood along a long stretched red carpet and clapped and cheered for us as we walked to our early morning sessions, that sure woke me up!  Thanks Mandalay for an amazing experience and time at your resort.  The pool was great too, wave pool, lazy river and plenty of chairs to lay out on.  The pool side service was great too and although I'm sure there was not much Vodka in my Bloody Mary, it was still tasty!
4	My relationship with Mandalay Bay is a love-hate one.. First, the love:It's a beautiful resort - it's spacious and smells nice (so you don't feel like you're developing emphysema while walking through the casino). The pool area, Mandalay Beach, is by-far the best in Vegas. The guestrooms are quite spacious as well. The bathroom is huge with a separate toilet room, glass shower stall and large bathtub. The vanity area contained 2 sinks, name brand lotions and such, and a mini sewing kit (how awesome is that!?)! Also, the room's window is not just a window, it's a wall. Great if you want your room sun-kissed during the day or want to check out a great view of the lights at night. Downstairs there's House of Blues and Rum Jungle, two great spots for dining and drinking. Also, if you're into shopping (which I am!) there are a few stores to choose from such as Urban Outfitters and MetroPark. Oh and I can't forget the Starbucks....always a good thing, especially when you're hungover or simply just a feen like me.    Ok, here's the hate part: I frequent vegas a bit too much for my own good (4 times last year, twice this year already). However, each experience is different because I try to go with different people. This time I went with co-workers who got a suite at the adjacent THE Hotel, while I got my own room at Mandalay Bay. So  if all went as planned I would have been checking into my room a little before 3:00pm. However, due to a delayed flight and a much needed meal stop I didn't get to check in until around 6pm, which by that time i was completely exhausted. So I checked in and got my key for my room on the 26th floor. I thought, wow that's great, too bad i'm going to be enjoying it by myself! So I finally get to my room on the 26th floor and lo-and-behold...it's a COMPLETE MESS! The bed is not done, the bathroom has towels all over the floor, and the lights are all on! I was FURIOUS! Here i was at this fancy place and the room they gave me was not ready! I immediately used the room phone to call the front desk. They were very apologetic and said that I can either wait for the room to be done or move to another room on the 6th floor. I told them i'd take the other room, losing the nice view is no big deal. So I asked them if i needed to go back downstairs to pick up my new key, and they said no, that someone would be bringing it to my new room and to just wait there. I thought ok, again, no big deal. Boy was i wrong!  I got to the door of my new room, and since i was SO exhausted by then, I just plopped on the carpet right outside. I waited, and waited and waited and no one came! I called the desk 3 times from my cell phone! Each time they said 'it's on it's way!'..by the 4th time I asked to speak to the manager and told her I had been waiting almost 45 minutes for my damn key for my new room because the stupid hotel gave me a room that wasn't ready. In that time I could've walked down 26 floors to the front desk to get the damn key myself! So..the manager apologized and offered me $100 in credit to use towards any service in the hotel (which i just asked to deduct from my bill) and my key arrived in less than 3 minutes. Whew...So..yes it's love/hate..but I'll probably visit again soon. The pool is awesome..and I completely forgot to take the mini-sewing kit with me so I have to go back =)  hah!
4	We stayed at Mandalay Bay this past weekend and overall we had a good experience.  I read through the yelp reviews before my trip and it I was able to prepare for some of the negative things that happened.The hotel is beautiful.  I am a Vegas frequent and I can find all my needs at Mandalay Bay.  Whether it's fine dining or just casual eateries, this hotel offers it all.  We were able to check in at noon once we arrived on Thursday morning.  The room was overall clean and really nice, the bed was sooo soft and comfy and the two flat screens (one in the room and one in the bathroom) were a plus.   The bathroom was great with the marble tile, granite double sinks and separate shower and bathtub.The beach was a lot of fun!  Summer hours are 8AM-7PM.  There were a ton of people, but we managed to find at least one chair to put all our stuff and we spent the entire time at the wave pool.  If you come around 5-6PM, most people leave to probably go to dinner or prep for clubbing, so sometimes there are groups of seats that are available.Ok, here are the negatives which I agree with other yelpers:- The line to check in was absurd.  There are so many windows for people to walk up to, but they only open 4 lines making the wait at least half an hour to check in.  We saw one elderly woman try to check in after standing in line for half an hour and she was told to come back later.- There are lines for EVERYTHING, from baggage check in to taxis to elevators.  Be prepared to add an additional half an hour to wherever you are planning to go during the weekend.- There were a couple pillows that had a musty smell, I didn't want to know why.- Our "recuperating" sign was taken away from our door, not cool.Overall the stay was awesome.  I would definitely be back to Mandalay Bay to try out more restaurants and just chill by the pool.
4	This place is beautiful i cant believe they have an Aquatic Department that takes up an entire Street Block filled with sharks its so cool all the different tanks and sea creatures, its quite educational if you would want to take you children for the day.  The hotel room was an amazing deal for the price you get a clean, new, beautiful room with a giant bathtub over looking the Vegas strip is cool.  I had a wonderful time and would recommend this place to anyone
4	My family and I frequently stay at Mandalay Bay whenever we vacation in Vegas (2-3 times a year), sometimes even for free as a "thank you" to my father for gambling in their casino so much.  My mother loves the decor and color schemes - very relaxing and soothing colors - in their guest rooms.  Bathroom is spacious and beds are comfy.  Whenever we stay here, we are never unsatisfied.  Although the parking structure elevator is a quite a distance from the guest room elevators (another scheme for us to be enticed by their restaurants, so they can make more $ - it's still a wonderfully pleasant hotel.  It's always entertaining walking by Rumjungle late at night during it's peak hours and watching go-go dancers in glow-in-the-dark clothing (or lack thereof) dancing above the bar.  I highly recommend this place.
4	I won't say this is the best hotel but it is definitely worth the price. This hotel is really pretty and the decorations, furniture and colors they chose are modern. They brilliantly set up the room and bathroom so that it made the most use of space and created a spacious illusion. I love how it had his and hers sinks too.Mandalay is at the end of the strip though, away from all of the hustle and bustle that MGM would offer. However, it might be a good change of pace and getaway if you go to Vegas frequently. Everything was so good about this place! The only bad thing I can think of is how the room service lady was still cleaning when we had already checked in and arrived to our door.. the bathroom has a see through glass in the middle of the wall the separates bathroom from room, and huge gaps in between their bathroom french doors, so that basically equals zero degree privacy. and umm.. no Q-tips! But I would highly reccommend this place if you're a couple and brought your own Q-tips and don't mind from being away above from the busy strip. Oh and did I forget to mention the tidal wave pool? It's awesome!
4	manmade waves at the pool.  nuff said.  weeeee
2	The bad: housekeeping isn't very thorough. One day they didn't even finish making the bed. Even though we had a newly remodeled room, we had a vent that wouldn't close all the way and a door that would hardly open. Cable tv didn't have much to offer. No free gym. At the very beginning of the strip, so lots of things are too far away for my taste.The good: flat screen tv in room. Two closets. Comfortable beds. Amazing pool at Mandalay Beach that simulates the ocean. Shark Reef exhibit ($16) is awesome and well worth the money.
2	If you like spending like a high roller- this place is for you. They charge for everything- wi-fi, tube for lazy river, fridge, etc. $14 drinks at the pool. No umbrellas or tables at the pool cause they want you to rent a $200 cabana. The pool complex is great but closes at 6pm. No in-room coffee maker. Had to go across the street and buy vodka to sneak into the pool like the college kids were doing. Servers and concierge staff were surly and dismissive. In other words, with the facilities, this resort would have been fantastic with better customer service.You could probably say the above about all the hotels on the strip so it has totally lost its allure for anyone who takes pride in being frugal.
3	Given what we paid for our stay, I wasn't impressed at all.  Mandalay Beach is the only reason they got a third star out of me.  I never felt the room was all that clean and even though we had a modern renovated room, the beddings, carpet, and furnishings felt pretty run down.  For such a nice place, the toiletries were pretty disappointing, too.  None of the staff I dealt with were particularly helpful, either.  It's also pretty far down on the strip so it's a hike to get down to the center of everything.  On the plus side, they do have lots of restaurants and shops inside (and Mandalay Beach is really really awesome).
4	Nice room. I lived in a double bed room. nice and spacy. what i was amazed with was the restroom. it had a massage tub and a shower. also equiped with a 20in flat screen TV for you to enjoy while your in the massage tub. The room itself has a 36"-42" LCD Wall mounted TV. not really sure the size. It also had an ipod dock for you to listen to music on your own ipod. but it was missing a huge thing. it didn't have a coffee maker or a hot water boiler. WTF? every hotel i've been to has one of these. Also poor design for the bathroom door. they are split double doors with a huge split in the center. you can just peak inside when people are using the restroom. WTF AGAIN?As for everything else, it looks nice. The lobby is very nice and classy.
5	Beautiful room with jaw-dropping views, the lobby is very bling and I also love how you can stay within the building and shop dine, and drink at so many different places.  Loved it!
4	For my 30th birthday my husband booked a full suite on the top floor of the Mandalay Bay.  It was the best time I've had in Vegas in a long time!  I felt like pretty woman.  There was great service from the staff and a perfect location / view.  From what he told me, my husband paid a very reasonable price for the room.  It was unbelievable!!! The rooms seemed like they were a little older than the ones in The Hotel at Mandalay Bay, but they were still very nice with newer furniture.When we arrived for early check in, the room wasn't ready, but after a quick meal we were able to get in.  Once in the room, we had a few problems with the main TV which was fixed quickly and the bathroom TV which didn't have a remote and we could not use at all.  The pool was a little over-crowded which led to slightly slow drink service, but it was manageable.
3	Very nice hotel, beautiful decor.  Amazing pool!  Ok restaurants, nothing real special.Check in/out lines were terrible.  They move so slow and don't really have anyone from behind the desk to help enforce the signs on each line.  Business center charges for everything.  A $10 handling fee to call me to tell me I have a package?Rooms were not made for sharing with a room mate.  The toilet was way at the back of the bathroom, with sinks/shower next to it and another door.  So if you take a shower the other person cannot use the sink.  The room with the toilet was like a creepy closet.Location was way too out of the way for me.  Would have preferred to be more in the center of the strip.
5	This hotel is beautiful, lots of restaurants, nightlife, shops, the rooms are unbelievable, nice pools, very clean. Every part of the spa was great, the service, the appearance of it, the massage. It is pricey...so I would recommend this place for couples or a romantic hotel to stay at in Vegas.I do have to thank a certain someone for bringing me here.
5	We stayed here a while back and Mandalay Bay really is an excellent place to stay. They are a bit pricey especially considering how far away they are from the rest of the strip. A good point though is you can take their tram thingy to Excalibur and totally skip the ghetto Luxor and then from Excalibur walk through NYNY to MGM and then get on the monorail which takes you all over the strip. We had a beautiful strip view and I can't say enough about the gorgeous bathroom! Separate tub and shower were fab! Staff is friendly, good shopping, shark reef is cool! We didn't get a chance to go to the pool but I hear it's amazing. Hungry? Be sure to check our RumJungle for the FirePit special... all you can eat meat... OH YEAH!
4	stayed there for business conference. the hotel was great, neat/clean/new/spacious. a huge hotel pool is always a plus in the land of Vegas. I enjoyed my stay there very much. Although it is towards end of the strip, it's really not bad of commute if you are going out. all the neighbor hotels are somewhat inter-connected. you just need to find the way
4	Nice hotel to stay in if you are in Las Vegas. Can get crowded though specially when u register, they are a bit unorganized. The check out is easy but getting out of your hotel room when checking out is crazy. The elevators get really packed if you wait the last minute.We have stayed here several times during the summer and our kids love it because of their pool. They have the best pools! I cant say much about their buffet. I would rather go elsewhere to eat than eat here. We always request for non smoking room. On once occasion the room smelled like smoke so we asked to be moved. Another time, someone was smoking in the hallway so the ventilation smelled like smoke. We informed the front desk and the security officers roamed through the hallway and saw no one. All in all, i will come back here.
4	I havent stayed at Mandalay yet but I love their Casino...the first time I was in Vegas I played BlackJack there and the staff and other players at my table were great.  That is why on my return trip I wanted to go back.  Unfortunately my return gaming experience was not as nice.  I sat down to play BlackJack and we had a fantastic dealer who was friendly and talkative and made it fun like it should be.  Then the dealer change...I dont remember her name but she came to the table and already looked like she didnt want to be there.  In the first 5 minutes she made 3 mistakes...taking the chips from a player who had a winning hand...then taking the same players chips when he had a "push" both of which he protested and she snapped back at him saying " its not my money, i wll pay you if you win"  then finally she swiped my chips up when I also had a "push"...I protested and she called the pit boss over and had to lay the hands back down on the table since she had swiped the cards up also.  Finally after all that she managed to get the cards back down and I was proven right.  She had taken my money on a "push"  That was enough for me and I colored up and left the table.  total playing time about 20 minutes.  Aside from that bad experience I think Mandalay is one of the better Casino/hotels in Vegas.
3	I guess that I am spoiled by the Bellagio.  I thought that this place was just "meh" in comparison.  I'm so glad that I did not stay here. The casino is just ok.  On par with Treasure Island.  And what is up with the piped in coconut body butter smell?  At least that's what it smelled like to me.  Just because I slather it on my bod doesn't mean I want to get hit in the face with it upon entering the casino!
5	Second stay here - hands down my favorite in Vegas.  We've stayed at the Bellagio (used to be my fave), MGM, Mirage, Hilton and ewww the Stratosphere.  Mandalay Bay is worth every penny.The rooms are decorated nicely, good amount of space, the bathrooms are delectable.  They have a seperate toilet, shower and soaking tub!!The wave pool is a lot of fun.  I can only do so much laying by the pool reading and drinking...So this pool provides the activity I need.  The sand is a nice added touch too.  Decent selection of restaurants on site and in the connected Mandalay Place.  There are 2 Starbucks and a decently priced burger place - Burger Bar.  Another added plus - There is a Lush store in Mandalay Place.  Go there, buy a 5 dollar bath bomb and enjoy your soaking tub!!The spa is also my favorite in Vegas.  It's 30 bucks for a day pass and it's well worth it.  You can come and go and relax for hours on end.Two words - Do it.
4	Just got back from a conference held at this hotel.  I really like the hotel overall.  The casino area is laid out well and very clean.  Very modern with the design and decorations.  I especially like the island bars in the casino. Very friendly staff and fun to talk to all the other visitors. The rooms are very modern and super clean.  Very luxurious in all manner. The swim pool area is just the greatest.  Very large and well laid out.  Hundreds of lounge chairs to relax.  I do my reading there when on break. Hostess bar service and food available just for the asking.  The have a beach area and a large wave making area that is lots of fun.  Also, they have an adult area where, like the Europeans, are more liberal on female swim suits. Overall, just a very nice place to stay, do business in, eat, drink and certainly be merry. Recommended.ps:  Due to the slow economy, I believe they now have specials on the rooms for $109 per night.  A great deal.
1	Be sure to take photos of your room before you leave, the added on a BS charge for two damaged room phones and a broken door lock.  $400 for two phones I didn't even touch. Ridiculous.  Never going back to any of the MGM Mirage Properties ever again.
1	The room is all right, but I'll never stay here again. I should have learned last year when there was no hot water for showering.This time, I really needed to get some work done before a conference that starts tomorrow. The internet connection wasn't working. I tried to call the tech support line, but the phone wasn't working. Turned out the only way to use the phone was to put it on speaker. The problem with that was you can't hear or understand the other party (even with the volume turned all the way up) unless you put your head down to the desk close to the phone. I asked the front desk to swap out the phone, and the soonest they can have someone up to fix it is the next afternoon. I'm checking out in the morning, so that's no help. Plus it took three and a half hours for them to bring a refrigerator to the room. By the way, in order to use their Internet service, you have to turn off any firewall you have running and LEAVE IT OFF, according to their tech support.Tonight (actually around 2:30 a.m.) I was hungry, so I stopped in at Raffles hoping to get something to bring up to my room. They won't pack any food to go at Raffles. Fine, I sat down and was ready to eat. I sat at the table for about a half hour -- there were three or four other tables occupied in the dining room -- but no server or even bus boy ever came into the room. So I came up to the room and ordered from room service at a price that is three times what I would have paid at Raffles (if they any servers in the room). There are too many really good hotels here in Las Vegas for Mandalay to treat customers this badly.A nice, expensive hotel isn't worth any stars if there is no service to go along with the high prices.Spend a few dollars more to stay at the Wynn. You'll never go wrong there.
5	We were almost at the top floor of the building.. explains the beautiful view I had of the whole entire hotel that I posted up.The beds were wonderful and comfortable.  The bed is the most important part of my trip.. I love the fluffly down goose blankets and pillows that they provide.. I like extra pillows too..Room service was a blast to order and to just bum around before taking a walk on the entire strip and playing games at circus circus!favorite part of the hotel: the beach imitation like pool with the waves and sand.  that was a good effect for a summer weekend trip!!  The facilities are very clean and modern.  It shows that it is one of the newer hotels compared to like Excalibur and such..Many restaurants to choose from, which i tried Aureole!!Disadvantage: this hotel is the last one on the strip.. it isn't located right in the middle or anything.. so get ready for some walking!!I definitely recommend staying at this hotel.. just dont mind taxi-ing or walking a bit more than usual to the places you want to go to.. exercise!! we all need it after those buffets that everyone splurges on anyways!! :)
2	I stayed here with the family for two nights during this past weekend for the Thanksgiving holiday.  Oh vey, what a mess.  We stayed here for free since my father is considered one of their V.I.P.'s.  They recently renovated their rooms, and IMO it doesn't look as nice as it did before.  The room was much smaller than we remembered (we hadn't stayed here in more than a year), as well was the bathroom/shower size.  Everything in the room seemed outdated, especially the center nightstand since there were scratch and shipping marks all over it.During the first night, after pulling back the covers on one of the beds, we discovered this weird stain.  It looked like metal rust, but how can that happen on a BEDSHEET??  We called housekeeping and also requested extra towels, pillows, and tissue boxes.  It took them more than an hour to get to our room 'cause they couldn't find the pillows, which was terrible for us 'cause  we had to sleep for our early wake-up call the next morning.The second night was much better: housekeeping service was faster, and the beds were a lot cleaner.  My sister had a cut on her hand and I even called and requested band-aids and anti-biotics, which security brought up for us.The only great positive thing that I can think of is that we spent $150+ eating in their restaurants which were charged onto our room bill, but in the end, we only paid $15 when we check out.  Good enough.  I guess Mandalay Bay just loves his that much.
4	This hotel lobby/casino/mall is simply gigantic.  You come in by taxi (or by monorail from Luxor/Excalibur) and you can easily get lost going from one end of the hotel to another.  I mean this place is huge.  The gaming floor alone will tire you out.We went to see Mamma Mia (save your money) and then spent a while browsing about the casino, checking out the various eating options and exploring.  We were there too late to see the aquarium - and I'm not sure we would have - but man, that walk to the other end of the hall was brutal.  Nice to check out all the decorations, but it about killed me.Also a lot of work going on, as seems to be the case throughout Las Vegas.  Most of it is behind barricades of some sort, but it's still being done, and it would be nice if there was some better signage to let you know (for instance) the Mexican restaurant is closed before you walked half a mile to get there.
4	Being a budget conscience traveler, I couldn't possibly afford to stay here.  However, I never miss an opportunity to ride the tram down from Excaliber and spend a few hours gawking and walking around here.   It's way far South on the strip.The casino and restaurant areas are enormous, but it's well laid out and easy to navigate.  I've enjoyed visiting the Shark Reef Display twice. Both times it was packed full of people.Last visit to Mandalay Bay, I put $5.00 in the quarter slots and won $100 on the first pull.  That definitely made it worth the visit!!  Cocktail service can be iffy.....sometimes prompt......sometimes almost non-existent.  Maybe I'll splurge sometime and stay here.  It's pretty snazzy.
4	I have been to Vegas a half dozen times at most.... every conceviable combination.... with my fiancee, with my ex wife, with business, with the stupid boys club.(bachelor parties in Vegas, ladies, are precisely this:  guys walking around saying "what do you want to do".  If they are not that, then I don't want to tell you what they are.)I love this place.  I just love it.  It isn't gaudy or over the top.  It has FANTASTIC restaurants, plenty of options if too pricey in some arenas.  The conference center is great, and the casino floor doesn't overwhelm.It is close to the airport, but a distance from the center of the strip.  Frankly, I could imagine never leaving this place.  It is, without a shadow of a doubt, my favourite casino.  More modern, less dingy, great services, awesome rooms, great bathrooms with lots of space.An incredible hotel.  For Vegas.
4	I was in Las Vegas over the weekend for the Las Vegas Marathon and the Mandalay Bay was our choice of hotel - mostly because we could roll out of bed and onto the start line - then back into the room for a shower and nap after the race. We really liked the Mandalay Bay and rank it as one of the nicest hotels we've stayed at. The main drawback is the smoke, which seems inescapable in Vegas. Although our room was non-smoking, the hallway really stunk like smoke and it seeped into our room during our whole stay. We did enjoy the room itself - awesome bed, nice bathroom, cool plasma TV in the bedroom and bathroom (I could get used to that!) Overall a great hotel and we hope to return in the future.
4	got to stay here this past weekend and once again I wasn't disappointed.  This time though I did get a smaller room since it was just a small group.  But great view!  We got a room with the view of the strip!  Everything was perfect!  Every time we called the front desk or housekeeping, they were quick.Rooms were cleaned very nicely every time housekeeping came in.
4	This was one of the best stays I've had in Vegas so far.  The room was super clean and HUGE, especially for the average deluxe room on the strip.Even though the hotel itself is considered to be quite out of the way from the rest of the casinos on the strip, it offers more in their typical room than most other higher-scale casinos.  The additional square footage is definitely noticeable, along with having a 42" HD plasma tv on the wall facing the beds, another smaller HD tv in the bathroom, ipod capable clock radio, his and her closets (!), his and her sinks, shower AND tub, a separated toilet, reading lights built into the beds, workspace, and a view of the pool area (Mandalay's backyard) to boot!The hotel's casino is huge and it is quite a pleasant surprise to find the casino not completely filled with cigarette smoke as I've previously encountered at other hotels.  Instead, they've somehow replaced it with a subtle scent of fresh coconuts.  Their sportsbook is SPECTACULAR...one of the most impressive I've seen.  The casino level is also directly connected to THEhotel on one side and a mall that leads to Luxor and Excalibur, along with a ton of great restaurants, as well.  You basically never have to leave this resort -- it has everything you'd possibly need.One thing I was disappointed with was the pillow-top beds...they were far too soft for a side-sleeper like myself.  (If you like firm, the beds at MGM Grand are the best!)  The quality of the bed sheets was low in comparison to those at MGM Grand, even when this hotel is supposed to be on a slightly higher scale.  For this reason, I can't give Mandalay 5 stars...yes, I put a lot of weight on beds, ha.For those who aren't VIP (i.e. me)...imagine all this at the unbelievable rate of stay one night, get the next comped (!) as one of their promotions (came out to $50/night).  I bet there's no place on the strip that can possibly beat that two-fer!Big ups, MB!
4	Spent 3 nights here. Very nice. I tried to see if I could take the tv home but it didn't fit in my suit case. The layout was very nice and I at least got a partial view of the strip. Hotel staff was friendly and the rooms were clean. There were plenty of places to dine within the hotel. Sucks that it's at the end of the strip but it will be one of my go to spots in Vegas from now on.
1	Dude, I'm so sick and tired of this place and their shitty housekeeping department.The Mandalay Bay has definitely lowered their standards in what's "high class".  They used to be such a nice and clean hotel, they've just degraded themselves with the "hip remodel" of their buffet and their poor customer service/housekeeping service.We spent 1 night here complimentary of the casino since my father is "V.I.P." here or whatever.  We were given a room on the 32nd floor and the first thing we did (learning from our previous experience) was to check the bedsheets.  We flipped them open, and one bed, there were 3 strands of HAIR and the sheets looked like they had been slept in.We went down to the V.I.P. Lounge and asked them to do something about it.  Monica didn't give us an upgrade, even though I requested one since this was not the first time this has happened to us.  She instead, tried switching us to the 8th floor.  Um, what?  No thanks.  I complained some more and she transferred us to a room with a "great view of the strip" on the 27th floor.  I DON'T CARE ABOUT THE VIEW.  I just want a clean bed to sleep in.We go to our newly assigned room, and again flip open the sheets; and now there are 2 strands of hair.  I called Monica since I didn't want to go back down and she said there was nothing she could do but have the head of housekeeping come and take a look, since it happened in both rooms.  We waited forever for someone to come, and in the end, it wasn't even the head of housekeeping, but just a regular maid.  She was told that she was to come here to change our sheets - and at that time of the night, we were pretty tired so we just agreed.Later that evening, as my mother was getting ready to go to bed, she accidentally stepped onto the carpet with her bare feet (we usually wear slippers around the room, since we're germaphobes).  She quickly raised her feet and hanging on her toe was a strand of hair.  We then realized that the "hairy" beds we encountered were probably NOT slept in, but new sheets just dragged on the floor when the maid was changing the old sheets and laying the new one on - which means they obviously don't vacuum the carpets.Either way, it's disgusting.  They need a whole new lead of housekeeping staff and system, seriously.===============================================EDIT:  I just also remembered that the next night, after coming back to the hotel from Red Rock Conservation Park, the maid had not come by to our room to re-make our bed, re-supply us with bath products, etc.; basically in simpler terms, there was no turn-down service.  Funny, in my years of staying here, this has never happened.  Like I said above, "They need a whole new housekeeping staff and/or system, seriously."
4	Great place to stay. We stayed one night in a regular ol' room. The room was clean, up to date and the best thing was the linens. Nice soft sheets! The front desk and valet staff was efficient and friendly. We didn't win in the casino's (big shock!)
3	Ugh. Last month we had a reservation for THEhotel and they had some electricity issues so had to stay at Mandalay one night. Used to love Mandalay back in the day but now that I've stayed at spots like THEhotel, and sleeping in Mandalay one night and then THEhotel the next, you can tell that Mandalay could definitely use an update. Still love this casino as a home base, but the beds weren't that comfortable and the rooms weren't that nice. With the economy I doubt they'll be doing an upgrade anytime soon though, and they're running some amazing internet rates right now. Bang for buck, if you're getting a room for like $89, you can't complain really.
5	Wow I really didn't expect this hotel to be kid-friendly, but it is.  It was our Christmas vacation and we were a group of four families with children ranging from 9-15.  Everyone was a happy camper, including us adults!  The rooms are absolutely gorgeous, very contemporary and classy.  I couldn't wait to get back to the room each night and soak in the tub and watch TV at the same time.  (Note to myself:  BRING BUBBLE BATH NEXT TIME!!!).  Yes they have an LCD TV in the bathroom.  How cool is that?!!  The pools look awesome but the kids were bummed that they couldn't swim, since it was raining and super freezing during our stay there.  But in the summertime, we're going back and we will stay here for sure!
4	I decided to splurge on myself for christmas and spent two great days at the Madalay Bay. I have been to Vegas on numerous occasions but have never stayed at the Bay.Check in was great, the week before christmas is a traditionally slow period in Vegas, and I was able to check in during the morning.The desk staff was very nice and I got an upgrade on the standard room to a jacizzi suite.The room was supurb, with modern decor and all the comforts you would want. The housekeeping staff did a fine job on the room - once again no complaints from me.This was an excellent two day get away to relax and play.It was as if I had the casino to myself during part of the days, the dealers were friendly and it was time well spent.Just an excellent way to enjoy a break during the holiday season.
4	I've stayed at the Mandalay a couple of times now - mostly for work, but this last time I added on a weekend for some fun.On a purely business front, this is a great convention hotel.  Very convenient.  Lots of good restaurants to eat with coworkers or clients at.  Upscale without being over-the-top.  And in general being a pretty enjoyable place.  Beware though, that depending on which meeting rooms you are in, it may be as much as a 20 minute walk to go from your room to your meeting.  After walking through the casino, past almost all of their restaurants, some of their shops, etc. you finally get to the conference side of the building.  The closer section of meeting space isn't too far, but if you're on the far side it is definitely a schlep!On the leisure side of things, the hotel can be a little stuffy for a purely fun vacation.  The rooms are very corporate (although I've got to give them props for a great bathroom - great showers and seperate tubs), the hallways just go on and on, and although it does have shops and clubs, they're not quite as Vegas glitzy as other hotels.  (Which can be a good thing or bad thing depending on how you feel about glitz!)I've only been here during the winter months, so can't comment too much on the pool areas.  They look awesome, and I could definitely see wanting to lay out on their pool deck and enjoy the sun, sand, wave pool and lazy river!  Maybe someday I'll make it back during warmer months and actually have time to lay out.I'd definitely recommend Mandalay to business travelers who have the budget for it.  It can be a little pricier than some of the alternatives in town, but a great property for business.  I'd also recommend it for families who have kids who would love the pool area during the warmer months.  There's also a cool looking aquarium that I think the kids would enjoy.  Guess I'm on the fence as far as you single guys and gals out there.  There are certainly cheaper and trendier hotels in Vegas that you can stay at, but if you're looking for a little more upscale environment (without going big like the Wynn) this could be the place!
4	We stayed here from 12/19/2008 to 12/23/2008.  Being from Chicago, luxury and elegance was something sought in a Las Vegas style hotel.From the time we entered the lobby and entered our room we were beyond pleased.We just knew we were going to wait until 3pm to check in, since we arrived at 11 a.m., so in this sense we were prepared, but Mandalay made sure we were settled in by 11:15!We ate at the buffet (not my first choice anywhere), and again were pleasantly surprised from the decor of the hotel, to the choice of food selection, not your everyday buffet.You are connected to the luxor and excabilur, which we discovered after $100's in cabs.  We would stay here again, but would like something more central!Highly recommended for those that want a low key environment, and great restaurants.
4	Big casino, good bar music live, lots of partiers, plenty of places to eat and drink
5	Media suite is perfect for a party with friends. You can blast the music as loud as you'd like and won't get complaints.Suggestion: rent a stripper pole and platform and hire some good old Vegas talent for the night!
4	I love early check in! We got here at 8am on Super Bowl Sunday and they let us check in, even though we waited an hour to see if they could give us king size beds, which they didn't have that early.  So we checked in w/queens. oh well. The rooms have been revamped to look WAY more modern than before. I like that everything is located in here. We didn't need to leave the hotel at all. Everything you need is right there!I do have a gripe, what's up w/only $1 video poker??? and 15 dollar caps tables!! GEEZ! But that prob won't deter me and the bf from returning.
5	I will stay in this hotel again and again. Did for the first time on my birthday weekend back in August and I loved my room. The TV in the bathroom is a plus and the beds...OMG the beds were so great!! I just sunk into it. My mom enjoyed everything too. Rum Jungle? Loved it!Will def be back...hopefully this summer!!
5	oooooh mandalay! i still love you, after all this time. hadn't been in a few years and went this past weekend for my burfday, and it did not disappoint. the room was spacious, the spa tub, is wonderful, and the beds are uber comfy/cozy! the other thing i love about this place besides the fact that you really don't need to leave the premises unless you absolutely want to, is that it doesn't have the overwhelming smoke cloud that permeates all of vegas. for two allergy/sinus sufferers this is worth SO MUCH! so WOOT! to being able to breathe after two days in smoke-city! =p hotel staff is always friendly, the restaurants are on point, and the lounges/clubs are pretty nice too, i liiiike!
4	Maybe I went on a good weekend because there was hardly anyone here in late January and we got upgraded to this room on the 32nd floor with the best view of the entire Strip.  Of course I was hardly in the room but at night I just stared out the window and looked at all the lights.  Plus, since it's off season, we got a really good rate.  The room seemed decent but room service could be a little better.  I understand hotels cut back on washing towels and everything but they didn't replenish our shampoo and soap until we were almost ready to leave either.  I didn't even have enough of the little toiletries to take home to add to my permanent collection!  I would definitely try to come back and stay here again to use the beach when it's not so cold outside.  I did take advantage of their spa though!
4	never liked Mandalay Bay when it first opened, but over the years it has grown on me and is now one of my favorite Casino to gamble at.
4	Stayed here for a day back in the Summer of 2007.  Pretty nice rooms and bathroom.  Flatscreen HD TV, nice view of the Luxor outside our window.  Pretty cheap since it's near the end of the strip.  Never been to the pool or the aquarium here, but everyone says it's nice even though you have to pay to check it out, unless you're staying here.
2	TERRIBLE!The shower was clogged when we arrived, only to be told there were no more available rooms and an engineer would be up to unclog it.Bathroom was also dirty. How did housekeeping forget to pick up their rags? And yes I know the difference between a towel and a rag. Calls to the front desk were a matter of waiting on hold several minutes. This was also the case when the shower clogged again the next day. Tram service isn't 24 hours, so please don't be fooled. If you go to see a show at any other hotel, and you leave after 1130pm (like most of the world) be prepared to walk 0.9 miles from the Excalibur to Mandalay Bay. Yes I mapped it, my feet don't appreciate walking a mile home each night. Of course you could take a cab, but, why when the tram is advertised as 24hours a day?Also, internet access is $15 a day. Stay somewhere CLOSER to everything else. Your feet will thank you for it.
3	The Mandalay Bay will provide exactly what you would expect, a massive, lavish hotel right in the middle of Sin City, where all the action is (if you gamble that is).    When my attorney and I walked in, he plopped $1 in a slot machine and won $100, very first try.    Hmmm...    It's a little on the expensive side, but hey, if you are winning tons of money you can afford to be a high roller, right?    If you don't want to go the rental car route, there are always limos parked outside.   You live here.   The free drinks seemed sparse, until I really started to act like I was a gambler...  (I don't gamble but after a few drinks sure can play the act!)  LOL!.     I spent about $50 at the roulette tables, didn't win a damn thing, but I would have payed that for the drinks anyway.  During the flight home, I asked my attorney/friend how much of that $100 he still had.    No comment....     :)
4	I LOVE this hotel. The zillion pools (wave pool, lazy river, hot tubs, and numerous other pools) were a nice touch :) The casino was large, good organization, and definitely gave me a better ROI than my portfolio this year. The rooms are spacious - and my bathroom was huge. The beds were all pillow-top mattresses (my fave.) and overall, it was just an incredible stay. The reason why I only gave it a 4 was because it's so far South on the strip that you have to taxi everywhere... or just walk for miles... and miles.... and yeah. Le sigh.
4	LOVES IT!  We spent some time in a pimpalicious suite with more tv's in various rooms than I could count.  The furnishings were all comfy.   For some reason there was a corkscrew but not a bottle opener, so one of the homeys had to get creative with opening the Coronas.   Service from the hotel staff was sufficient.  One more TV on a different wall in the main room would have been the piece de resistance during March Madness - just to be able to watch more hoops.I just wish we had spent more time exploring this property.
4	one word: WAVEPOOL!  channeling liz lemon: "I want to go to there."my housekeepers were amazing.  they folded my clothes, organized my shoes, and neatly arranged my toiletries and makeup items on a wash towel.my room was immaculately clean, so i didn't hesitate in taking hot baths while watching tv.  i did worry about getting some kind of fungal infection, of course, so i followed up with showers.yes, the mandalay is older than a lot of other strip/off-strip hotels, but they do a great job keeping it modern.  i was impressed.the only downside is the size of this place.  it was easily a 15-minute walk from my room on the 22nd floor to the 3rd floor of the south convention center where my company's conference was held.  i wore flops to and fro, and changed shoes in the elevator.  suave.
4	The hotel is nice and it's easy to find your place around.  We were lucky to get an upgrade to a better suite on the penthouse levels, but that excitement died off quickly.  It was nice to have a bigger soaking tub though.  I was sad to find out that there was no coffee maker in the room and there is usually one.  It would have been nice to have free or cheaper internet access also.  With all the eating that we did on the trip it would have been nice to have free or cheap gym access.  It was $30 per day!  My fiance was brave enough to run on the strip, but no thanks for me!The Mandalay Bay Beach is pretty sweet.  It's like going to a water theme park.  They have lazy rivers (but you have to have buy your own floating device or have brought one yourself), a wave pool, and more. We used public transportation called Deuce to travel up and down the strip.  It's $7 for a 24 hour pass and it runs 24-7 too, so definitely check that out.
4	Arriving at the Mandalay Bay is like a sublime and opulent ode to the southeast Asian tropics. The clusters of green palms, the scent of simulated coconut, vanilla and ocean that fills your nostrils upon entering, the marble everywhere... however, the illusion is quickly shattered by the onslaught of guests walking around in bermuda shorts and flip flops, toting their bud lights and telling obnoxious jokes. Ah well... you are in Vegas, after all.  The Mandalay is a massive complex - you could have a complete holiday here and never once leave the resort. My only complaints are purely subjective - wish they wouldn't allow smoking in the casino (simu-vanilla and ocean can only cover the scent of smoke so much), and wish everything wasn't so damned expensive... but that applies to all of Vegas. I quite liked the array of restaurants - highlights include The Border Grill for fresh and authentic tacos, Raffles for a satisfying breakfast (my husband referred to it as a glorified IHOP - not a bad thing), and the House of Blues for southern eats. Avoid the Noodle Shop if you are looking for Asian food that is not bland, safe and overly priced, and please, don't order the pizza from room service. Ick. Some of the attractions at the Mandalay include the beach/pools megazone... great if you're trying to have some sort of MTV Spring Break moment, otherwise, not really my cup of tea. Again, kind of subjective - I'll take an ocean over a bunch of pools in the desert any day. We quite enjoyed the Shark Reef Aquarium... lots of interesting species to observe. Don't let them rope you into a cheesy souvenir photo though!Overall... compared to the other casino complexes we visited, the Mandalay is your best bet - the decor isn't too over the top, but still feels luxurious, and the guests aren't exeedingly obnoxious. Rooms are lovely and comfortable - can't say no to a TV in the bathroom to enjoy while soaking in your nice big tub!One final warning, applicable to all Vegas casino complexes - if you are planning on drinking and trying to navigate through the casino back to your room, be sure to make distinct note of landmarks when you're sober... getting back to the room without sufficient navigational skills can be a challenge indeed, even for the mildly tipsy.
4	This resort hotel is massive and has something to please everyone.  The rooms are nicely decorated, large, and we experienced no issues with room service.  The pool area was crowded but our group rented a cabana (do that if you can afford it as you WILL enjoy the beach much more) and had a blast.  The variety of clubs, restaurants, and gaming is also impressive but expensive.  Staff are all friendly and helpful.  We had great meals at the Burger Bar, Ruffles cafe, and the Beach Cafe.  The disadvantages are that the hotel is located at the far end of the strip near the airport (yes, you can hear airplanes taking off on occasion) and it's about a $15 taxi ride to the center strip area.  Don't like taxis? - The tram between MB and Luxor/Excalibor is crowded and then you have to hike across another block or two to MGM Grand to the monorail.  If you don't need to be in the center of all the strip action, the MB is a classy hotel with lot's of options.
2	We were moved here from THEhotel at Mandalay Bay after the generator blew.  We initially paid for a suite there, but in the move they downgraded us to a basic room and instead of giving the money back on the difference, they just gave us a hundred dollar comp.  You can read how me and my g/f ended up here on our vacation.  http://www.yelp.com/biz/thehotel-at-mandalay-bay-las-vegas#hrid:pH4EFScrhs2nkAVWLRlwcgConsidering the bad taste we had at the last place, in us, we did our best to leave it with them and start fresh here.  The amenities were clean and fresh decor.  The wave pool was shut down, but I was told you couldn't surf it,  was told that people can body surf and boogie board it.  Any who the back to the room, my biggest complaint and it is a big one, is the bed manages the almost the impossible, they managed to make a bed extremely hard towards the center of the bed, (and I like firm mattresses) and yet very soft and spongy on the ends.  The bed comfort really didn't matter anyways, because at 2:30 in the morning a siren went off....  A voice came up, from speakers in the room telling us of a situation has occurred in the hotel and we were to stand by further instructions were to follow.  This recording and siren went on for almost 15 minutes straight, it was irritating, we were tired and considering how we had to evacuate our last hotel on this trip the night before, we decided it was best to be safe and started packing our stuff up, should we have to get going.  By the time we had finished packing, the sirens expired and told us the situation was resolved and we can go about our business.This message and siren for some reason continued to go on for another 5 minutes straight.   Dear god.  I know they are trying to keep us in the know, but it seems me and my g/f seem to have bad luck staying with any hotels related to Mandalay Bay...  We took the series of unfortunate events as a sign.  Any who, next day, we decided to cut our losses, checked out a day early, got a suite in the Venetian.
4	What can you say about Mandalay Bay?  It's more than a hotel, it's an uber-cool complex with casinos, restaurants, stores, 7 swimming pools and more.  You wouldn't have to even leave Mandalay Bay if you were wary of the hot Las Vegas sun.  I got to stay here 4 days for business and while I worked a lot, certainly appreciate what MB had to offer.  Let's start with the rooms, we're talking big, spacious and well equipped.  Flat panel TV in main room, mini flat-panel in bathroom along with a telephone.  (Not sure if I would want to be on the phone with somebody on the john, but what the heck?)  Great view on the 23rd floor of the LV strip given MB is way over by the airport.  Service was fine both at the desk and housekeeping.  Down below in the complex you've got at least 8 restaurant choices including Aureole, Rum Runners, j-pop, their buffet and more.  A couple of shopping areas to spend your money in and access to a tram which will bring you over to Luxor and Excalibur.  Never made it to the pools (too busy and too fat to be out there :) but they looked awesome.  They've got a real beach, wave pool, tubing pool and more.  Overall I'm really not a huge fan of Las Vegas but I can see the appeal of hanging out in Mandalay Bay.  For $100 - $150 per night you've got a nice premium feel without things being too ostentatious.  While I may not be back again for a while, Mandalay Bay is one of your better choices on the strip!
2	Mandalay Bay where do I start with you.  I enjoyed your lavish rooms and flawless amenities.  The dice tables were extra nice to me, but the blackjack, slots and every other game you can think of were extra mean!I want to give this hotel a good ranking.... I just can't.  The pool situation was like some sick combination of 1930's Ellis Island and the Japanese Internment camps.  Lets start out with a little background.  Went to Vegas for my sisters 21st birthday.  My extended family and friends always join in on a trip to Vegas.  Probably had about 30-35 people there for the festivities.  The majority of these people are a bit older and cant handle being out in the heat all day.  They needed a cabana.  My pops and I tired to reserve a cabana when we checked in (mind you we had 5 rooms reserved under the same name, you would think they could hook us up).  No dice; can't reserve a cabana, you need to go wait in line to get one tomorrow morning.  My dad woke up at the ass crack of dawn to grab a cabana; he was the first in line.  After 100+ people lined up for a cabana a man walked out of the reservation office and said. "We have 2-3 cabanas left to purchase; they start at $450, then $650 and $750.  Chairs can be reserved for $75 and the umbrellas are $50".  I couldn't believe my ears! Where do they get off making people wait in line spend almost a g-note on a cabana only to spend $100s on drinks and food!  The casinos must be hurting because they are trying to make all their cash at the pool! Mandalay Bay where do you get off!
5	I love the Mandalay Bay at Vegas. Not only because we got a good deal from them, but the beds, the rooms and services are incredible.It is really an ideal place for family to stay at Vegas. My favorite is their wave pool and lazy river. Unlike MGM, which force you to rent their float for $25 each at their lazy river, Mandalay Bay let guests to use their own float. They have 5 other pools for all ages, from adult only pools to baby pools.Careful with their in room fridge though. I took out the drinks from their mini bar to refrigerate my left overs, only to find out that I was charged by their computerised fridge. Had some explaining to do when checking out.I think because of the fact that it is a little farther from the strip, there were fewer druken crowds hanging out at Mandalay Bay.
4	This was my second time in Vegas and I loved this hotel! The check in lines were a little long but the employees were helpful and friendly. We got a spa room with the jacuzzi tub and partial strip view. The room itself was clean minus the yellow couch in the corner which we could have done without. The mini bar prices were outrageous so we asked to have it locked which the front desk did without any hassle. The restaurants were good, big portions of food without a long wait. The pool/beach area was fantastic but I wish they had more room between the chairs. If you want a seat, best to get there early or you will be wandering around for a bit. We spent a few hours at the Spa for massages and relaxation, this was by far the best part of the vacation! I wish I had more time to explore the hotel itself...maybe next time. Now for the downside of the hotel. There are 8 elevators in two sections, one set for floors up to 16 the second set from 17 and up. Each day we had to wait 5-15 minutes for an elevator!! Not to mention the fact that people crowd the hallway waiting for them so its hard to get on and off.
4	I enjoyed my stay here. Gorgeous hotel! The bathroom was roomy and it had two sinks. The only thing that I can complain about is that after a long day of walking for 6 miles, my feet did not like the textured rock on the floor of the shower.
4	Stayed here with bachelorette party I mentioned below and i liked it.i stayed here a long time ago, so it was a great refresher.they have a ton of pools, but expensive to really do much of anything in them. You have to get a cabana to have a place to lay out and relax.The casino was huge and the poker room was decent.I liked playing there, but didn't get so lucky at the tables. Their betting area was huge and made me wish i knew how to read all those odds. I'd love to go back.
4	Great rooms, I've stayed here a few times and the rooms have always been clean and comfortable. I love their bathrooms! The shower is awesome and I think its totally cool how they have the makeup mirror! First time I stayed here was back in November '07 and customer service totally sucked and I stayed 2 times since and it got better since. I have to say one bad thing tho....the elevators suck! We stayed here on a weekend earlier this month and I swear...the elevator lines were loooooong! We had to figure out a plan and we decided on going down to go up if that makes sense? It worked and got us up to our room faster. Their pool is totally awesome! We got a cabana for $400...but we had a deal with the room $100 off so it was only $300, but it was more than worth it! Everyone who didn't have a cabana looked pissed off and unhappy. It was in the lazy river area and it was nice! It had sodas and water, a tv, sofa, table, chairs, lounge chairs. The only thing that sucked was it said the cabana came with an ipod dock and when we got the cabana the host said they had a limited amount and they were taken for the day...we were like wtf?! She brought us an ipod dock at like 4pm...geee thanks! lol Their buffet is really good, but thats it. Their cafe is super pricey and the other restaurants are too pricey for me to even try eating at. I wish they had better food options like a food court or cheaper eats especially if you just want a little bite.
4	If you are looking for a place to just chill, then mandalay bay is the place. My boyfriend and i of course wanted to eat at nice restaurants, go clubbing at night, and shop in the day time, but our main goal was to chill and have fun. Since this was only my second time going to Vegas, I was asking around my vegas vets for suggestions and almost all said not to stay here because it's at the far end of the strip, which is it, BUT it really didn't bother us. I'm so glad I stuck to my gut instinct and chose here. We had the best view of the strip from our room, and the best sleep ever.I stayed at the Palazzo the last time, and it's amazing. the rooms are big, i guess i shouldn't get too deep into this, but i didn't think the pool was all that great. it's a glorified bath tub. and really, who stays in the room all that much? so who cares.... but mandalay bay, the rooms are pretty nice, spacious bathroom, and the best pool ever. it's not a pool! it's a beach! there's a wave pool... oh man, so great. we LOOOVED it. I suggest bringing your own inner tube, and a water camera :Dand if you stay here, you need to order the animal burger at the beach. AND make sure to bring your ID. we were dumb, we thought that we'd avoid the trouble of bringing our wallets, so we just brought our room cards like some of the reviews said... and forgot our IDs!! so i didn't get my strawberry daiquiri from the waitress :(
4	I wanted to give this five stars so bad, but the experience was not completely perfect.  There is potential for five stars though.The Good:-$65/night for 5 days (online summer special found on slickdeals.net)-Great pool area.-The casino design is great, one of my favorites.  The tables are spread out and you aren't choked to death with slot machines like most casinos.  Sports Book and Poker Room are within 20 second walking distance.-Polite front desk.-Polite housekeeping.-Good vibe from everyone.-The tram that brings you from the last major resort (Mandalay Bay) to Tropicana Ave/Strip.-Good selection of restruants and shops.-Awesome bed.-Awesome view.-Great hook-up from staff, got upgraded to the jacuzzi spa suite for no additional cost.  (COUGH, COUGH, thanks to a certain Yelper!)The Alright:-Signs need to be checked.  Some of the signs showing locations would throw you for a loop.  Trying to locate Border Grille, Rumjungle and Red Square wasn't too easy without some help.-Furniture.  The yellow square sofa in our room was covered with stains and there was painters tape still left on the window rails from previous work.  It didn't bother me much, but it would bother alot of other people.The Bad:-Dumb Mini-Bar staff.  I explained to the front desk how I wanted the mini fridge and goodies removed from the room.  This was taken care of immediately.  From Sunday to Wednesday it was empty.  Thursday morning after breakfast we return to find it half full.  Everything is on sensors and just moving the items will get you charged.  Luckily I didn't get too drunk to forget the pricey stuff. $$$$-Crowded pool.  They squeezed so many chairs together and almost all were occupied.  We managed to grab two chairs @ noon infront of the wave pool.  The hot swedish lady next to me was like 3 inches away.  Good for me, but damn I would like some room to put my stuff under my chair.-Distance.  It takes time to get to where you need to go. Do not rely on taxis.  We rented a car for three days and it came in handy.  -Tram.  Closes pretty early.  Us drunks don't like wandering through Excalibur or Luxor just to get back to the room.  Whatever though, I'll still hit up your craps tables.-Kids.  More children here than at Excalibur, NY-NY, Monte Carlo, Bellagio etc.  It has to be the awesome pool area attracting families.-Elevators.  I hate Kathy Griffin, DO NOT PLAY HER STUPID COMMERCIALS!  I also love how it's eight elevators for the first 17 floors and then eight elevators for the next 17 floors.  How many operate at a time?  Maybe three or four if you're lucky.  Either sleep in or sneak our early, using an elevator around 10am-11am will suck.  Everyone is checking in or checking out and you will be stuck waiting 15 mins for an elevator you can actually get on.All in all, it's worthy of four stars.  Some small fixes could get it to five.  I would stay here again on a special rate.  The new Mandalay Bay "special" is $99.99/night.  Meh, I'll wait till it drops back down alot......
4	I picked this place for its pools. Overall everything was well but I think staying here once will be enough for us. The reason? There were WAY too many lifeguards. The problem with this is you can't dive, you can't run or walk along the wave action pool, you can't stand by the wave to get hit in the face with a wave, which I actually wanted, you can't take a raft to the lazy river. FFS! Tubes only in the lazy river and good luck finding a chair after noon because you probably won't. The pools also close at 7pm so no sexy time in the jacuzzi late night. We opted out on the cabanas but found a couple of chairs our first and 3rd day but our 2nd day, we had to lay on the sand. If you only want a jacuzzi minus the kids, I suggest you walk to the south lagoon for the jacuzzi hot tub there. You can relax there if you don't have kids. Anyways, this place still gets a 4 star from me. Safety is important and they can't help the crowds. It's a very fun resort and another wonderful casino floor plan from this company.
2	This place is nice.  NICE.  Did you get that?  It isn't as nice as the attitude would suggest.  We were hoodwinked into one of thier deals.  Cabana's by the pool?  Yes we fell for it.  We had 5 rooms booked at the hotel and were told that we could use the $100 off certificate for the rental of a cabana.  Guess what?  No go.  They informed us the Cabana cost $550 and the discount is only one per room per cabana.  We would not have done it to begin with.  And then they said they could not comp it.  When was the last time a Casino could not comp something?? Guess we didn't lose enough on thier floor.  THanks Mandalay Bay WE WON'T BE BACK.
3	The check in - terrible. With only 4 parties in front of me, it took 45mins to get to me. Tip, don't check in early, near 11am. The lines seem to be much shorter later. 1 star.   Then had to walk through a very crowded and small elevator lobby to get from self parking to the lobby.  What kind of floor planning is that?  With all that space to work with?The room - good. I got an upgrade to a suite. It was about 680 sq feet, with an Jacuzzi. Clean and more modern than my previous Bellagio room. Room alone is 4 stars (if you get it cheap). Pool - great! Sand and surf. Very crowded. 4 stars here too. Gambling - bad. 2 stars. The whole place was huge. Takes forever to move around in the casino. Seems like they just build a big convention space and just sprinkled the gambling stuff around the big space. The staff was terrible, very similar attitude as Bellagio. I caught one of them comment: "oh, the ten dollar man...", with a smirk. Meaning I was playing Black Jack with the minimum bet of $10. Overall, good for families, bad for gamblers.
4	For the price of the rooms, I really thought the rooms were going to be more bigger and more extravagant. =/  4 Stars for okay rooms for expensive rates and also for taking my money at the tables!!!! ARGH!!!! Other than that, Mandalay Bay is awesome! There is soooooooooo much to do.  The pools are the best pools in town. There is the Shark Reef if u have kids after they are done at the wave pool. TONS of excellent dining. Shops, great live music and a few clubs. I don't like Rum Jungle and promised myself never to come back...but the last time I went and lost my money, I found out there was no dress code and no cover. You can't be that at any Vegas club. lol and there was actually a decent crowd when I went.  Beware: you can get lost in this hotel because its so big. I havent' been to their spa, but I know my girls went and the loved it. A definite must if you're in Vegas!!
5	I loved this hotel, maybe it's because it's away from the strip but it's not as crowded as others like the Mirage.  I loved the pool, I layed by the tide pool, closed my eyes under 105 degree heat and it sounded like I was laying out on Makena beach in Maui....Caution---------- If you're going to the pool, BRING YOUR OWN WATER BOTTLE or get it before you go at the shop next to the elevator or it will cost you $8 per bottle brought out to you, $10 with tip.
3	NIce Staff, Clean, Over priced Sodas $3, Chips $5, The Most water downed drinks I have ever had In my Life, My Virgin days are over can you put some more liquor in this Pina Colada. Damn!! No Free WiFI,  14.99 per day. Hey even Crappy motels give free WIFI. Lots of rules with the wave pool, Bring your own tubes for the lazy river, Because they are $23 to $45... Besides That very  nice. But It's Vegas Everything is Ridiculously expensive.I was reading all the reviews and was reminded about the Buffet!!! Hey,Daniel P.NDP'erIrvine, CA I broke in HIVES too!!!!  lol
4	A cheapo's guide to Mandalay Bay:Stayed at Mandalay for my first trip to Vegas, and it was a good experience.  Very clean, very nice staff, and loved the spa.  I was excited to try out their beach since it had such good reviews, but we stayed there during the season where all of the pools (except for the year-round heated South Lagoon pool) were closed.  Boo.If you want to save money - don't buy your sundries at their gift shop - use the Walgreens a little further north up the Strip.Don't pay for a cab - there is a free tram from Mandalay which connects to Luxor & the Excaliber, ane 2 others that you can take to get around the Strip:  http://www.vegas.com/transportation/monorails.html.  I actually really liked walking the Strip anyway - you get to see all of the famous casinos, and escalators and walkways are at every corner.I bought a day pass to Mandalay's Spa, & it was totally worth it.  The sunny gym was a nice break from the dark casinos, I could relax in the hot tub or steam room as long as I wanted, and the massage (not included with day pass) MADE the trip.  Added bonus:  If you want to avoid paying for mini bar snacks, there is fresh fruit, trail mix, juice, and bottled water available free to spa guests.  Hey, I told you I was cheap!Other room notes:- Wifi available in rooms (I believe it's free)- Big screen TVs in rooms- Really nice bathrooms (2 sinks, TV, giant jacuzzi tub, and walled-off toilet)  If you don't want to pay for the spa, you could do a low budget version in your tub & watch TV from there - ha!- I enjoyed the lounge area in the rooms.  When my bf was away at conference and my legs were too tired explore any more, I hung out and did crosswords here overlooking the Vegas desert.Shopping & DiningMost of the shops and restaurants seemed expensive to me, but that's probably all relative to the Strip.   If you are really strapped for cash because you gambled your spending money away, there's a Subway across the street to the east.- Stood in line for Raffles for breakfast (meh)- Ate Mexican at Border Grill twice: once for lunch, once for dinner.  If you go for dinner, you can eat on the patio overlooking the pool area - very nice.- The sushi/sports bar located in the middle of the restaurant area was a surprise favorite for me.
4	28-217 was our room number, I chanted it like a mantra in case I got too drunk later to remember it. Came for the July 4th weekend, being my first time to Vegas. Well officially I came with my family when I was 18 but that's like taking a 3 year old to Disneyland, you can't truly experience it.The one thing that absolutely sucked was the elevators. Holy wow, they take forever and lines form fast.
4	I stayed here on my recent trip to Vegas because my friend was adamant about wanting to stay here.  It didn't disappoint.When you first get to the entrance, they have some tropical coconutty type scent wafting through the area.  My friend thinks it smells like summer.  She said that she loves the way that Mandalay smells.  I concur.  It was pleasant.The rooms are pretty nice.  Comfy (almost too soft) bed, large bathroom, view of the pool.  Weird thing though - no fan in the bathroom.  Although, I think most hotel bathrooms don't have fans?  I don't know...  Also, the AC wouldn't get colder than a certain temperature even though you set it really low.  Maybe it's the struggling economy's effect on the hotel?  Who knows...The pool area is a lot of fun.  I think there are five different pools to choose from.  They are known for their wave pool - which, I didn't ever venture to for some reason or another.  The first day we spent it at the topless pool - 21+ only.  It's nice, but you have to pay a cover charge to get in.  It was $10 for a Thursday, but I think the price goes up to $20 on weekends.  The next day we were lucky enough to get seats by the lazy river.  That was probably the best place to have real estate in the sun.  Reason being, that once you get too hot, you can just hop into the lazy river and wade along.  It was a blast.  The last day, we spent our day alongside one of the lagoon pools.  That was nice too.NOTE:  Get to the pool early to secure a good spot.  The chairs get snatched up quickly.  We spent a lot of time watching a lot of people cruising around looking for chairs with no luck.A couple more things:  Mandalay is the LAST hotel on the strip.  It is VERY FAR from the 'heart' of the action.  Plus, when we were there, the tram was not working - ugh.A cab ride to downtown Vegas will run you about $25 w/ tip.  The trip is worth it though because the gambling downtown is a lot more fruitful than it is on the strip.  Enjoy!
4	This was my 1st trip to Vegas. I had a blast.  This hotel was fabulous.  The room was great, we stayed on the 27th floor with a view of the strip.  The room was a nice size the bathroom was large.  The toilet was behind a seperate door from the shower, tub and sink.  The only problem there was no ventilation in the bathroom. Nice size flat screen on the wall, Ipod alarm clock hook-up and very comfortable bed.  My 1st night home, my hubby and I decided we need a new mattress;-)The pool was great(they had several), and a beach with sand and a wave pool.  You can rent Cabanas for the day to get out of the sun , It was between 108-110 degrees all week.  The cabanas come with several amenities, like tv, celing fan and several lounge chairs and beverages.  They are pricey starting at $250, I definitely suggest if you are with a large party.  I loved Vegas, can't wait to go back.  Planning on celebrating my birthday there in two years:-)  Hopefully, I'll be back sooner than that.
3	We got a great deal on a room here, and it was beautiful. Spacious, well decorated, and a great bathroom. The property itself is also gorgeous and it just smells so damn good - nice and tropical. However, I mainly wanted to stay here for the pool/beach and was really disappointed to find that there are absolutely no umbrellas aside from the ones you can rent for $50 - $80 (or more!) per day. Really, Mandalay Bay? You can't even have a few that are free on a first-come, first-serve basis? I mean, I know it's Vegas, but this is ridiculous even for Vegas! Help a pale sister out. There was no way I could hang in the hot Vegas sun without a little shade.The other downer about Mandalay Bay is you don't realize how far down the strip it is until you stay there and plunk down $20 per cab ride to get anywhere toward the middle of the strip. On my last trip, I stayed at Paris and - while the rooms sucked by comparison - we could be at almost any other casino in 10 min or so of walking there.One final bummer, for me anyway - this is not a card player's casino. I tried on several occasions to get into a limit Texas Hold 'Em game, and they just weren't happening at Mandalay Bay. Overall, gambling here seemed kind of slow compared to other casinos I visited on my trip. I would definitely take these things into consideration before returning to Mandalay Bay.
4	Definitely my favorite hotel, even though it was my first time staying there. The pool area is AMAZING and they're buffet isn't too shabby either. (I only had their breakfast buffet which was good) The only down fall to it for me was that its at the outer edge of the strip. And it's definitely a pain during the summer, in the ridiculous heat, to walk the strip. But if you want to get the whole Vegas vibe I think Mandalay Bay will give you just that.
3	Ehhhhhh... The casino was empty.  The room was nice.  The service was grumpy.  The bathroom was ok.  The pool was packed.We booked a July stay at Mandalay Bay solely for the pool and it seemed like the other 9264 people out there did too.  Crowded is an understatement and rolling out of bed at 12 made it impossible to get a chair (TIP - grab a few towels and head to the nice sandy area by the lazy river and grab some space).We had a free night courtesy of hotels.com so I can't complain about prices (defs not worth $400 on a Sat night).  The location was enough of a deterrent for me to not come back.  Oh, why do the bathrooms not have ventilation fans?  HUUUUGEEEE negative after my experience at Bellagio buffet.
3	Mandalay Bay is at the end of the strip but they more then make up for it. Great pool area, beautiful rooms, shark reef, concert hall/ Boxing matches, golf, and now Lion King is performing there!! Need to shop, well Mandalay Bay has over 20 retail places to go. Staff is like everywhere else but at least this Hotel has enough of staff on hand unlike some places. Next time I might actually stay here.
1	We left on DAY 3... Ok where do I start? We booked Mandalay out of sheer curiosity, having seen it last year when we stayed at the amazing Mgm Signature and went to Mandalay for the Shark Reef. We saw the beach part of Mandalay and we were impressed. We got a good deal through Travelocity, so we jumped on it. We got a "deluxe room" which includes nothing. No spa tub, no dvd player, no coffee maker, no fridge. It was a LUMPY bed, dirty or stained linens and towels, and thats just the room... The pool was even worse. There is very little room near or around the pool area. You have to be out there in a chair by approximately 8, 8:30AM to get a chair. This is so ridiculous. The "Wave" pool was even more of a joke. Its gorgeous, but there is 1 teeny wave every 7 minutes or so. This does not a wave pool make. The "lazy" river, another amenity we booked for, was also awful. First of all, you have to bring a tube from home, or buy one in the Walgreens on Las Vegas blvd. Mandalay does not rent tubes, but sells them at $25 and better. No thanks. We brought out awesome $10 tubes from CVS in Staten Island. Lol. The lazy river, isnt lazy at all. Its FAST. Which would be nice, if there weren't so many road blocks in the river. Meaning, people are allowed to walk thru, swim thru, or just hang out in the river without a tube. This is retarded. There are a bunch of other pools right next to the lazy river. If you want to swim so bad, get out of the lazy river and hit a pool. What the hell? You're whipping through the lazy river on your tube unable to stop or control where you are going, and you bang into some kid or their mom in the river coz they're standing there like they're waiting for a bus and its MY fault? I don't think so. We went around once or twice and that was enough for our liking. We got out, deflated our tubes and head up to the South Lagoon pool. A fine choice if you have to stay at this hotel. Its quiet up there, there aren't many kids around (they're all at the wave pool/lazy river), and you can get a chair anytime you get up there. There is also a jacuzzi. Oh- btw- NO ALCOHOL allowed in the pool...hello??? Isnt this Vegas where you can drink walking down the street???Next, the elevators. OMG. You could spend your entire trip trying to get from your room to the pool in the elevators. There are only 6 elevators for floors 17-34. They are slow and ALWAYS packed!! We waited a good 35 minutes to get from the 23rd floor to the pool. Insane. The only saving grace of Mandalay is Burger Bar, Fantastic place! Fun, Customize your own burgers and now shakes. Love that joint. We were in Mandalay for 3 days when we decided to escape to a nicer hotel on the actual strip.We took our luggage in one hand and our burger bar take out order in the other and fled!!  This hotel is WAY TOO FAR away from EVERYTHING!!!! That is a reason in itself NOT to stay here. Yea they have the tram, but by the time you get off the tram @ Excalibur and walk all the way across to NY NY and then across again to MGM to walk thru their casino to get to the monorail, you and your feet are exhausted. Also- The Tram is NOT 24 hours!!! We were stranded on the strip, and had to take a cab back to the hotel, which was pricey, since you are way off strip, and the traffic lights in Vegas are the  longest I have ever seen. The cab meter goes up FAST!Add on that the hotel staff was completely useless and whenever you tried to get Concierge to help you, it was like they were doing you some favor. There is no button on the phone for concierge, so when you call the front desk for help, they answer with a "Thats not us, thats concierge" and they transfer you.  We gave up on this hotel on day 3 of our 8 day trip and escaped to Paris!! What a difference! Omg. Please see my Paris review for more info, as I have taken up enough space here. Ps- buffet was not that good. We had salad, lamb, bad sushi, and dessert. Now that they have this "one price, eat all day thing", the quality of the food has suffered. This is bad, because as you can see on Yelp, most of the other restaurants in Mandalay have awful reviews. Therefore, you are almost forced to leave your hotel for decent food, and therein lies the issue of the hotels location.
1	Left this hotel on the third day of a seven day stay!  The hotel is located wayyyy off of the strip. The tram to and from Mandalay ends at night so if you're at a bar or a club somewhere on the strip you have to pay for a pricey cab ride back to Mandalay at the end of the night. The service is terrible. There is no concierge button on the phone so when you call the front desk and ask a question they say ugh that's concierge and transfer you after speaking to you in a bitchy tone. Housekeeping is awful. They do not clean the room every day. We had to call down for them to come because we were running out of toilet paper and clean towels. The claim to fame of this hotel is their pools and even those are not very impressive at all. There is a man made beach with a wave pool. The wave pool is lackluster because they are very, very stingy with the waves. There was maybe one wave every 5 minutes or so. The pool area gets very congested very early and the hotel is very unprepared for it. You have to get down to the pool around 8 AM if you expect to get a chair by the pool. Lame. The lifeguards are also very militant here. They'll sell you an alcoholic drink by the pool but you are not allowed to take that drink into the pool. Wtf? There were a few regular pools and jacuzzis. The lazy river is a complete joke. They do not rent tubes. They sell tubes for at least 25 dollars. We brought our tubes from NY. The lazy river is not lazy at all. It goes very, very fast and for whatever reason they allow people in the lazy river without tubes. So there's people walking in there and kids playing in there so people bump into each other all the time in there. It's not a relaxed lazy river at all. It was very congested and stressful because of how badly it's run. We had a deluxe room that was not deluxe at all. The bed was lumpy, the air conditioner didn't cool off the room much at all, the sheets had stains, and there was no dvd player. The only nice thing about the room was the flat screen tv. The elevators were a total mess. We were on the 23rd floor and for floors 17-34 there are only 6 elevators. There was always a huge wait for an elevator that could accomodate another two people. When we brought our tubes to the pool it took a half an hour to get an elevator with enough room for two people and two tubes. They also do not have any food that you can grab on the go. We had to walk through two other hotels to grab a quick sandwich on the go. Lame. The entertainment is very overpriced here. There was a Michael Jackson tribute at the House of Blues while we were there and it would have been 30 per person and that doesn't give you food, drink or even a seat! Needless to say we passed. If you pass through Mandalay Bay, eat at Burger Bar, check out the Shark Reef if you like to see fish but by all means do not stay here. It is a 1 star hotel that's priced like a 4 star hotel.
4	Just stayed at the Mandalay Bay for the first time and it was definitely nice.  I usually stay at the Four Seasons which is connected, but this time I needed a bigger room.  The room and bathroom sizes are definitely a plus.  The only issues I had were they charge $20 a day, or 3 for $45 for the gym.  I can run outside for free, and get a better sweat.  Also, they charge for local calls?  Aren't local calls free to begin with.  The food selection is OK.  The casino is big, unlike the Wynn which could fit in a 3 car garage.  I made some good money on blackjack.  There was one rude dealer, but you'll probably get that anywhere.  The poker room is lack luster, and the games are so-so.  The beach and pool are awesome though.  Would definitely stay here again.
3	I stayed at the mandalay bay during the week & had an alright time there.I don't understand how this pool ever gets rated #1 in las vegas. the music was terrible, you had to fight to get seats, and the lazy river was not that impressive.  The wave pool was were it was at. plenty of room , while every other pool was crowded and filled with little kids. the rooms were fabulous, nice size, great bathrooms and also comfy beds. The casino is alright, didn't really like their slot machines but craps tables were good.  the place was nice and clean but so far away from the strip so you had to take a taxi everywhere which gets expensive, yes there is a tram but it only goes 2 hotels down :(
5	I received a free weekend stay a few summer's ago. They gave me a room on one of the upper floors with a view of the strip.  This is probably one of the best hotel rooms I've ever had.  The room was equipped with a Home clock radio with i-pod docking station, flat panel tv and mini bar.  The bathroom had a sunken jet tub, two huge separate closets with individual fire safes inside for valuables.  The pool area was awesome.
4	Great Hotel if you decide to bring your kids to Vegas on Summer.I agree - bad ventilation in bath roomI agree - crowded poolBut, will I be staying there again? Big "YES" Family oriented hotel which you can hardly find in Vegas. Many great things overcome small negative impact.Here is my good advice,,, Don't go to shark reef...it's nothingWatch Lion King... at $53 seatGo to the beach in the morning
4	The rooms are fantastic. The bed was so frickin comfortable and I am very picky about hotel beds. The only knock on this place is the price (especially if there is an event in town)
3	We expected this hotel to be a lot nicer. Because it was "Mandalay Bay"  It was ok  the bathroom doors didn't shut and kept opening and part of the knob fell off.  I didn't feel like bathrooms were clean enough.   I don't think i would stay there again. -p2
5	Love Mandalay Bay!  Second time we have stayed there.  The beds are super comfy - with a fluffy pillow top under the sheets.  Bathroom was nice - huge tub!  We love the Lazy River - we went twice, only thing - there was a freak rainstorm on Saturday, so it was actually a little chilly!?! Not Mandalay's fault.  Saw Boyz II Men at the beach - fabulous - had VIP tickets - nice table and free drinks at Bikini Bar during the show.  Great stay!
4	WE had a 2 bed suite last summer and had a great time.  The view of the pool is amazing.  The woman at the front desk actually let us upgrade from 2 kings to a 1 king and 2 queen room with a view.  The pool was huge, a lazy river and superficial sand.  The sand scorched my feet though, way too hot.  Casino was nice too, I felt like a big shot placing a 20 dollar bets on the roulette table because the person next to me didn't know how to play, and bet small compared to me.  Then I realized it was olympic figure skater michelle kwan sitting next to me.
3	Ok, now I know. If you stay at MB, make sure it is in TheHotel or the 4 Seasons section or below the 16th floor of the main  hotel. Why? Otherwise you will wait up to 45 minutes to catch the elevator!! A Strip View from our "castle in the sky" was great, but not worth the aggravation of walking down an unairconditioned 27 flights of stairs to avoid the elevator fiasco at checkout time. The room was gorgeous, well-appointed and comfortable. I could have lived in the bathroom, with the giant tub and rain shower. We did find a piece of dried fruit under the ottoman, but the rest of the room was super clean. And the wave pool and lazy river? Great fun, even when crowded with families in the off season, but the lifeguards take their jobs very, very seriously, to the point of ridiculousness. No walking in the surf? No swimming in the deep end? God forbid I get any exercise in a pool!  The casino, shopping area, and restaurants were very overwhelming at first, but after day 2 it was a piece of cake to find our way around. Having the tram to Excalibur was great also, because it cut down on the walking and cab fares to the other end of the strip.
4	This hotel is very nice, and almost as massive as the MGM.  I anted to go to the shark reef here, but could not afford it this time.  I always want to go, but never make it.  The restaurant choices are great, and the pool was huge.  The wedding chapel seemed nice too.
5	5 stars strictly for the pool area.  if not staying with family, and it's summer, i will be staying here from now on.  the entire area is covered in sand.  that, with the sounds of the wave pool make you feel like you're at the beach.there's also a lazy river (tip: bring your own inner tube) and 3 other pools to cool off in.  and for you men, there's a eurpoean section, that'll cost you $50/entry.  poolside anyone???  :)
1	Booked this room via Orbitz.com so perhaps I should really blame them for our awful stay here.  At any rate, we are in our mid-30's and apparently the majority of people who stay here have just turned 21.  If you stay here, you will be continuously  surrounded by dance-type music in all of the lobbies and by people who say "dude" and "oh my gawd" every few seconds.  The room was okay however, we were put on the 4th floor and our view consisted of the top of a parking looking structure.  Also, they charge nearly $15 for internet which is just ridiculous.
4	Just go there and check it out.  That's all I have to say about Mandalay.  lol
4	We came here mainly for the pool and it really lived up to its hype.During the & days we stayed there we used the pool almost every day.It opens at 8am and we usually made it there anywhere between 10am and noon and we had no problems finding room to sit. ( we went September 5-11) so maybe it gets more crowded during the summer time. The lazy river was my favorite and even though we had to buy our tube for $25 it was well worth it.Everything inside the hotel is very pricey (the only reason we could afford staying here was because of a promotion they were running on line).It seemed like other hotels, clubs and restaurants in Vegas were offering good deals. But we could barely find any deals for Mandalay Bay. We got a coupon book from the Concierge desk that had a coupon for House of Blues at Mandalay Bay (2-1 Breakfast) The staff and Breakfast there was totally well worth the money ($25-30 for 2 after tip) The rooms were very nice and the atmosphere was OK.The staff seemed police but very stuck up!!!Over all the hotel is a good value just because of the pool.
5	I went there this year in July--and I continue to LOVE it.  This year has been very taxing for me--both physically and mentally.  So this spur of the moment trip was very much appreciated and anticipated.  I stayed at Mandalay for five days / four nights.  I spent the first four days staying a the hotel and not leaving for other casinos.  The pool, spa and restaurants were great.  I spent most of my time at the spa where they offered 50 percent discounts if you go the next day after a treatment.  The various restaurants were exceptional.  I will definetly be back next year.
5	I love this hotel. I recently stayed at Mandalay in a regular room with a strip view. You have to pay extra for the view, but it was so worth it! The rooms at this hotel are much larger than at other hotels. The smallest rooms are 550sqft. The bathrooms are huge and well appointed. Others in my group stayed in Sky View Suites and wow- those are incredible rooms (bedroom, living room, 2 bathrooms - 4 flat screens!). The people at Mandalay Bay couldn't have been nicer and when there was an issue with us getting the room we had requested (they only had rooms with 2 queens instead of 1 king bed), they gave us a $50 credit and moved us to a room with the king bed the following day. It was a hassle, but they really came through for us.The pools are truly incredible!! Get there early to avoid the crowds. We would sun from 9-11 which was perfect- we had the pools to ourselves!
5	I absolutely love this hotel. i've been to almost all of them and I find this casino floor to stink the least like cigarette smoke, which is a major plus. You walk out of the elevators to your hallway and don't get that awful smoke stench. The room is a good size with a large bathroom which is great when traveling with the ladies, specially when you're all trying to get ready at the same time.I liked that this hotel breaks up the elevators by floors. If I remember correctly they're broken up by twenty floors and each section has eight elevators. You never find yourself waiting very long for one like you do at other hotels. If you're looking to just stay, relax and never leave your hotel you can do it here. The Mandalay is just like a little city with two Starbucks on the books. Buffets, restaurants, clubs and a free tram to neighboring Luxor and Excalibur which you can also get there on foot via the connecting bridge ways.More then anything this place is clean. The room gets services and you can tell it's been serviced. Nice clean, and crisp towels, that don't gross you out. Ordered room service and it came within 30 minutes. The food was so delicious and we spent just as much as we would if we had eaten at a restaurant.I will be returning, this place is a favorite!
5	I've stayed in 2 others Vegas hotels (Rio, NY/NY) and Mandalay Bay slays them both. It is huge with plenty of restaurants, bars, great casino floor, sports book (best in Vegas) and pool (another best in Vegas). The staff was great, the bags were at our room in minutes. We had some dry cleaning that had to go out. We rung up the bell desk and someone was at our door to pick it up in no more then 5 minutes. That night it was hanging my closet. I got married in Vegas so we had the full package. Cocktail party at EyeCandy Sound Lounge, wedding at the Valley of the Falls, reception at Strip Steak. Pretty much perfect. The wedding staff and restaurant managers could not have been nicer to me, my new wife, family and friends. Nothing but accommodating. My wife was not feeling well for a few days leading up to the wedding and the waitress at StripSteak went out of her way to make sure she was ok. Very, very awesome. Everything about this place was great. I see people mentioning cost and "expensive". Its Vegas people!!!. If your looking for deals and light expense go vacation in St Louis or something. If your going to Vegas....go to freaking Vegas. Stop looking at wallet...just empty it. If I had to find one thing wrong i would say that there are no robes in the rooms. Yeah...thats about it. No robes.....BOOOOOOO. 10 stars for Mandalay.
5	I don't normally like to yelp about hotels, but my experience here really deserves to be shared.So, we arrive to the beautiful Mandalay Bay Hotel Lobby. There are many lines with about 5-6 people in each, so my cousin and I split up to try and get the fastest line. We switch two times because we were fooled into thinking each customer that was next would be faster; not the case. We were probably waiting for 25 minutes until they opened another line. The lady at the desk was apologetic for our wait. I inquired about the cost of adding another person and she said $30., but I'll waive it. I thought, ok, that was nice, definitely showing off their 4 star customer service side. Makes me not so upset about waiting. The next morning, we woke up kinda late due to some heavy partying the night before (of course, right?). It was about 10:30am and we still weren't ready to check out by 11am. I decided to call the front desk and ask about late check out. This time, another lady said she would give us a complimentary check out time at 12pm. Sweeeeet! Aside from our room being comfy and neat, it was clean and spa like. I especially enjoyed showering while standing on cemented rocks; gives me that outdoor feeling without really being outdoors and I loved the little niche for shampoo and stuff. Love, love, love the dual vanity sinks; really helpful with three people in one room. Oh and the TV in the bathroom...yeah, you get my drift. It's all about their bathroom. And the beach.....I could stay all day if I didn't get all prunelike in water.So, when you come to vegas and party all night, Mandalay Bay is definitely the next day cure to relaxation.
4	I usually Stay at the near by Excalibur I know I know. This time around Wedecided to splurge and stay at Mandalay. Woot  Woot  glad that we did.From the friendly people at the front desk the quality of the room. Was nothing but the best.  I got a room on the 25th fl with a fantastic view facing the strip.  The rooms comes equipped with a mini bar & snacks.What I found interesting is they also provide a So called LoVE box ! !  The casino area is great as well  I don't get that smelly smokey smell unlike other casinos.  As for the selections of places to eat there are a variety.   So the next time when in Vegas I recommend splurge a little and stay at Mandalay bay
5	Rooms:  We rented a two bedroom suite.  It was clean, chic, modern, had a great mini bar, lovely views of the pools and all the amenities a girl could ask for.  It was okay on the price but I felt well worth it considering how nice the pool, rooms, casino, restaurants and proximity.The pools:  It provides a little bit for everyone.  I'm not big on pools but our group was.  He rented me a cabana and with bottle service, free water and ice bucket it provided a nice haven from the sun.  The wave pool was fun, great for kids and adults alike.  The lazy river was fun though I will say it isn't so lazy and you have to buy your own raft.  Fun none the less and a difference than just lounging the the pool.  The casino/dancing: I loved that the casino doesn't try sooo hard.  It's modern, has a fair amount of tables, new, nice dealers and a gun atmosphere.  I found plenty of places to dance with and without cover.  I really enjoyed myself and found plenty to keep entertained at night.The Aquarium:  I loved it, had such a vairety of fish, mammals and reptiles alike.  There is an amazing part where the main fish tank is like the bottom of a ship.  I really enjoyed looking at the sharks, turtles, fish and assorted sea creatures.  I go to Monterey Bay Aquarium and still really found this enjoyable.The Restaurants/Eateries:  You can find good, bad, great, medicore in most places.  Just know what you are looking for, flock where others go, read other Yelp Reviews . . .  and enjoy!  With so much to choose from it's hard not to find a place worth the wait, money and truely enjoy the food.
5	Excellent. simply excellent. Best hotel for the price.
4	My husband and I stayed at Mandalay Bay in October, 2009 for our honeymoon. -What we loved:-Our spacious strip view room. -The TVs! My husband had never stayed at a hotel with a TV in the bathroom and he was very impressed. When we got home from our honeymoon we used some of our wedding money to upgrade our TV to LCD, because we were spoiled!-The pool area was great. Unfortunately it was pretty chilly and windy most of the time we were there, so we didn't get to use it much. -The whole hotel just smells nice. A mixture of suntan oil and vanilla. -The casinos were well lit and not terribly crowded. What we weren't crazy about:-It was far down the strip and kind of a pain to get around. We'd take the tram or walk to Excalibur, then cross over to MGM and catch the monorail. -Some of the dining at the hotel was pretty meh. Their buffet and Red White and Blue restaurants should be avoided. They're overpriced and the quality is only okay. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay at Mandalay. I'd say we'd stay there again, but I'd be lying. When we go back we'll probably stay somewhere else, as it's fun to check out all the hotels.
4	First off.... THE BEACH is incredible. I almost felt like I was back in California with the tropical Milieu sections of pools. The wave pool and lazy river were popular areas, but I was partial to one of the stagnant bodies of water where the setting was a little more calm, perfect for someone wanting to nurse a hangover.  :)The room was a delight as well. I'm a fan of beds that resemble that of cloud-like sensation. Our view over looking the strip was fun to watch sunrise and sunset, the atmosphere all around the hotel was that of mid-twenties and above, so  it was great to not feel like you were in a constant frat house.... just a more "adult" setting for crazy drunken chaos.... ha ha ha.Overall, I recommend this hotel to those who like to have a comfortable, sheik setting with a thick top coating of your "Vegas" adventures.
3	The best thing in here is by far the Bathhouse.  The actual hotel is ok, I stayed here once, and it had everything you would expect from a decent hotel.  I did not appreciate sensored snacks and drinks, really tacky.  The room price was ok, 125 I believe.  Downstairs is pretty chill, after hanging at House of Blues, wandered over to Orchid Lounge where a guitar, percussion act was going (Bow and Arrow).  The highlight at the lounge was definitely watching who I like to call Douchebag McGee try his game on Vixen at bar.  Tucked in shirt , bangs styled up, reminded me of "pretty fly for a white guy" -offspring.  It was just game over when he walked over to the mic and tried to sing "Redemption Song".  Had a nice view of Douchebag with mic and Vixen on the other side occasionally looking back with the "loser" look.  Mandalay is worth a stop-over if you're on the Strip.
4	i really like mandalay bay. It was my home for 3 days and 2 nights and it gave me lots of memorable memories! very clean, room service is friendly and check in and check out is quick and easy. The view from our room was also spectacular! I definitely wouldnt mind staying here again when i visit vegas~ ^_^
3	I am not a big fan for a couple of reasons, but nothing major.  For the most part, I just prefer to stay other places.  The Mandalay Bay itself is a very nice property.  It is BIG.  It has a Four Seasons hotel on the top floors of the property as well as an adjoining hotel tower that is THE Hotel.  I have stayed at both of the "other" properties at Mandalay Bay, and gave both 4 stars.The only real problem for me is the location.  Being at the South end of the Strip (last property) past Excalibur and the Luxor, I do not find the locale prime for walking around and hitting other places on foot.  There is nothing across the street ever since they closed down the Klondike, other than the airport.  For that reason, it gets really quiet, especially late at night.The casino is huge.  There are tons of tables, tons of slots and video poker machines, and everything is well spread out so you never feel cramped.  I like that.The restaurants and bars/nightclubs on-property are very nice, and there are quite a few to choose from.  There is a House of Blues, the Foundation Room for invited guests, and Rum Jungle for dancing, to name a few.There is a shark reef aquarium that is nice to visit, whether you have kids to entertain or not.  The spa is also worth a visit, although I have not been there in years.  The beach area and pool(s) are excellent.The rooms are nice, but when compared to THE Hotel (a bargain for that much space) and Four Seasons (a truly unique experience) I had to settle on 3 stars for the Mandalay.
4	Initially, Mandalay Bay appears to be the biggest hotel / casino ever.  The thing is, it really doesn't feel like it.  We were there on a very busy weekend, yet the staff treated us like we were the only guests. * No wait at valet.  Pulled up, got out, walked in.* No wait at check in.  We were really early, so the front desk called when our room was ready. Wait was less than one hour.  Bags arrived within minutes.* Room was GREAT.  33rd floor with a floor to ceiling view straight up the strip. http://static3.px.yelp.com/photo/fH90Lb6YPf1MBJ2utm0HHA/lVery comfy bed, good linens, two large closets, plenty of drawers, very clean.  42" plasma, iHome clock,  big clean bathroom with separate tub, shower and WC.  Two sinks, lots of counter space and a tv facing the tub.* Room service provided by Speedy Gonzalez.  Seriously, our food arrived almost before I hung up the phone.  Also, it was very good.* The valet pick up for your car deserves special mention.  Their system is so freaking efficient that whoever set it up should conduct seminars for the rest of the strip hotels.  Additionally, they offer a bottle of water as you're walking out to pick up your car.  Nice.* Wide variety of restaurants.  * Pools are beautiful. Easy access from rooms, which is nice. Very crowded. Great for kids.  I don't like kids, except my own, so if you're interested, I've reviewed Moorea Beach Club separately.  No kids there.  Wooot!* Casino:  big, clean, not claustrophobic in the least.  Very pretty servers provide great cocktail service.  For video poker players, Mandalay Bay is perhaps the worst casino on the strip.  This is unfortunate for us because otherwise, we really enjoyed our stay.      Not unlike Encore, Mandalay Bay loses a Liz-Star (TM) due to the dismal video poker. A shame, since this is a great hotel and after all, aren't casinos supposed to be about the gaming?
5	Try seafood buffet.The best buffet in Vegas.Wish I was there now.
5	Mandalay Bay is a great hotel for relaxation, spa, and the pool area.  Stayed in on the suites, nice and spacious with all the amenities a suite should have.  Rum Jungle downstairs was a pretty good place to eat at too.
4	Wanna roll like a Pimp? Got an entourage? Have tickets to the UFC fight? Pockets full of black chips you don't know what to do with? Yes?! Well, then this is the jump off for you. Our two bedroom suite was huge! It had a flat screen television in every room including the bathrooms! The service was excellent. The hotel itself is pretty immaculate and posh. Maybe it's because it was on the farther end of The Strip, but it wasn't also too crowded either. The location didn't really bother me too much because you're insane if you want to walk to each property. It may not look far from hotel to hotel, but that's because the hotels are massive. Be forewarned, it's a long hot walk between all the hotels! We had a great view of the beach area. They have some good places to eat and also shop. Their aquarium is interesting, but you probably have a better one near your home.We pretty much used the valet to park our truck and it was always fast and seamless.
5	I have to say Vegas knows how to impress, especially at the Mandalay Bay. My room was amazing! The bed was soft and plush. The bathroom was beautiful - dual sinks, tub, separate shower, and a TV! The 42inch plasma was very nice. Even has a fancy mini-bar with a built-in cashier! The best thing about the room was the access to the other great amenities at the hotel: the beach and the spa. Both a must see!
4	I love the Mandalay Bay atmosphere. I think this is a common theme in hotels at the end of the strip (think Wynn) that has EVERYTHING so you don't have to leave and the fact that it's far doesn't phase you so much. First, restaurant wise, Mandalay bay is packed with so much good food. They have three Michelin star recipient restaurants and although some of them were over-hyped, most are quite delicious. The variety is astonishing for one little hotel / casino. The casino area is also very large and has everything from $10 tables and $0.01 slots to $100 tables. If anything, you can always take the tram to the nearby Luxor and Excalibur to find even cheaper tables since its so convenient to do so.The interior is nice, and the atmosphere is pleasant. They have an awesome pool area / Mandalay Beach and THEhotel is posh and overflowing with understated elegance. There are also a variety of shops to keep your shopping juices going and a Fat Tuesday to keep the alcohol flowing. There is so much to do you won't want to leave!
3	I stayed here when I went to UFC 106. I was so excited when I checked in "OMG Im going to watch the fights!! Woot". I checked in early on a Friday and headed up to the room for a quick shower then headed down to weigh-ins. After that I had a drink in their "eyecandy lounge" and headed to bed. I woke up early on Saturday and got ready for the fights. I went to get some ice in the vending area on the 8th floor. After I filled the ice container I turned to walk away and WHACK I hit the floor. I didn't fall....I didnt slip....I crashed. I guess the hotel thinks its a really good idea to put super slick tile in the ice vending are (where ice falls to the floor and melts into water) and not add any anti-slip mats. STUPID!! Thats just asking for a lawsuit. Anyway, I headed back to my room a bit shaken and in a lot of pain. I called down to the front desk to inform them about what happened and to tell them that they should have someone mop up all the water. The girl directed me to the hotel Security so I could fill out an incident report. It was about 1pm and I told them I would not be in my room after 4pm b/c I was here for the fights. They said they would send someone to my room immediately. Because I waited so long for some security guy to show up I was late to the fights. They didnt send anyone to my room until almost 430. Were they waiting until I for sure wouldnt be there? The security guy acted like I was a huge inconvenience....making it seem like I did something wrong and that everything was my fault. I filled out a report...its been almost 2 weeks now and I haven't heard back from anyone. Helloooo???? Does anyone care that I fractured my ankle and have a bruise on my ass the size of a dollar bill in your hotel? Hey Mandalay Bay....kiss the gianormous bruise you left on my ass!!! The only reason I give you 3 stars is that my room was awesome, the housekeepers were super nice and the Eyecandy Lounge was ok. Other than that...I had a horrible experience...all reinforced when your bell hop came to my room to take my bags down and he began huffinf and puffing as if irritated we called then throws and slams bags onto his cart..."umm hey thats my laptop be easy!" Anyway, the hotel could have prevented my fall and I will never forget  the bad service I got from the bellhop, the security guard and the girl @ Red White and Blue deli. (review of red white and blue to follow)
4	Last time we were in vegas we made a visit to Mandalay Bay and I had been looking forward to this day for a long time. I could never bring myself to pay the extra money to stay here but this time we went for a deluxe spa room which was totally great. The beach and water park here is AWESOME and I cant wait to go back, ill definitely stay here every time in Vegas. The one thing that is TERRIBLE here is the elevators, hopefully they fix those by the last time I visit. They take forever to make it up to your floor.
5	My husband and I stayed here for the 1st time over the week of Christmas and we got an amazing deal on a 750 sq. ft. suite for $240 for 3 nights/4 days with a $100 resort credit. It seemed like we got a luxury hotel suite for the price of a Motel 6. Our suite was extremely spacious and roomy. The master bathroom had a his and her sink, a gigantic jetted tub with a seperate shower. It was the exact layout of what we would like our future dream bathroom to look like. The service was great and the 2nd day we asked for an extra blanket and they brought it up right away. After a while, the room service dept. called us to make sure we received it on time. I thought that was very nice of them.In terms of dining, there is a Starbucks on the resort which was a lifesaver for me, but other than that, everything was too over priced. $17.99 for a lunch special? Despite this negative aspect, I have to give it 5 stars because our suite totally made up for any mediocre dining experience at Mandalay Bay.
4	Great hotel.The "normal" rooms are more spacious than many hotel suites.We stayed there for News Years Eve and New Years Day.  We got a hold of a $199 a night rate which is spectacular for New Years Eve.Plenty of food to eat and even more bars.Plenty of slot machines but not as many tables as I would think a Las Vegas hotel might have.
4	My boyfriend and I came here for our 5th anniversary since we love to frequent Vegas. I was looking forward to staying here during the summer months to take advantage of the "beach" and we came here in August... so... "beach, here we come!", but it wasn't that easy.CHECK-IN:Check-in time didn't take more than 30 mins (wait and service) and the guy even hooked us up with a strip view room on the 33rd floor so that was great off the bat.BEACH: I was wrong about trying to go to the pool after noon. NO SEATS.In order to get decent seats, we got up at 6am (really? i'm on vacation!) and got in the forming line of patrons waiting to get in. We opted for the west lagoon pool to avoid the loud children in the wave pool and lazy river. It was pretty good being able to sit in the sun before noon because after that, the temperature was sure to hit 105. I was fairly comfy sitting there, sipping on my daquiri in 85 degree heat.We attempted to go to the beachside casino, but it was closed... sign of the times... not enough servers or dealers.THE ELEVATORSAs long as ur travelling up and down outside of "rush hours", you're fine, traffic-wise.  the only gripe i had was the fact that when we were in one of the elevators, it got stuck before it completely hit a floor and the doors wouldn't open. not cool.THE ROOMIt felt roomier than average. Our The 550 square foot Deluxe Room overlooked the strip and was really a basic hotel room, except that it had his and hers closets, an unneccessary telephone next to the shitter and a flat screen tv in the bathroom. It also featured a separate shower and bathtub. I took advantage of the fairly large bathtub, soaked in bubble bath fresh from LUSH and watched tv because what the hay? tv in the bathroom? We didn't spend much time in the room, but I had no complaints. Housekeeping kept everything clean and didn't touch what didn't need to be touched.What I really appreciated about this hotel is the fact that there were NO timeshare peddlers in the actual hotel (yes, I know they are lurking in mandalay place, but unlike its sister properties, there aren't any waiting for me to walk by so they can ask if me and my boyfriend are married and are interested in timeshares.)I wasn't that impressed by the buffet because the line was ridiculously long and people were confused about how to pay (there was a choice via kiosk or cashier). Some people who bought all-day buffet bracelets were even more confused about things than everyone else. When we were finally seated, I was in a better mood (because I was being fed) and our waiter was hella nice. Typical buffet food, but the pasta station was awesome! We stayed here because we were lucky enough to get a $69/night promo, but if I want a place where I can freely get some sun time by the pool, I'd go somewhere less overrated. Location is ok because its at an extreme end of the strip, but we only travelled as far as MGM Grand (to see KA) & NY NY (to gamble).Oooh,  after checking out and before hopping in a cab, I put $20 on black @ a roulette table and won! yea, boy!
4	One of my favorite places to stay in Las Vegas. Great location in that it is at the beginning on the strip so it's usually not as packed and as loud as some of the other hotels. And it is located right next to the Four Seasons so you can walk straight across for afternoon tea there.  Also it is easily accessible from the freeway if you like to avoid driving down the strip.    As for its amenities, you can't beat the wave pool and the lazy river.  I have not tried the spa there but it looks to be very relaxing.  Moreover, for all the non-smokers, it is not as smokey in there as some of the older hotels.  There isn't too much by the way of clubs or lounges (all mediocre) but itbdies have a great selection of restaurants. Overall it is a high end hotel so expect to pay the price for it's services. Generally I would say it caters to the older crowd.
4	Beautiful hotel and casino! Quite regal! The casino is okay with the pay out.  I started to win $$$ but then lost it again.  I love that it connects to the Luxor without having to go outside.  The servers are on the ball with bringing the free drinks while gambling.
3	I guess I don't get what everyone else gets about Mandalay. I wanted to like it, I really did. Stayed here awhile back when I was in town for a show with my job and it was just, ok. I was not impressed with the room, it looked very dingy. The bedding was bad, oh it was clean, it was just sort of cheap and trashy looking to me. Everyone seems to be hung up on rooms needing to have a flat screen TV and an ipod dock, wireless internet, basically all the latest technology, so if you're into that, it has that. I don't need any of that in a hotel room so it didn't make or break my impression of the place. The overall resort ameneties as far as bars, casino, restaurants, check-in, that is all fine. I was just pretty let down that the room wasn't more upscale, considering the price and considering how people rave about it.
2	There are better places to go to. Don't bother staying here. 1) They lost the reservation and did not acknowledge the e-mail confirmation shown to them  at check in or the promotion offered when the reservation was made. 2) temproary black out from 1 am to 5 am. Notice of black out was given to us via a letter found in our room when we came back at midnight....not much warning.Lights came back on 5:20.  We packed in the dark and elevators did not start running til after 6 am!!! We were on the 21st floor and trying to leave. 3) No comp offered for the thousands of dollars dropped for for our wedding cocktail hour and dinner. 4) We had a package delivered to us at Mandalay, which they lost. This place has gone down hill since its' opening. Friends too have had horrible experiences there and will never return. My recommendation is to try any of the newer hotels that have recently opened.
4	This hotel is great!!! I recently stayed here and got married in their wedding chapel. The hotel was beautiful, reasonably priced and have fun things to do within their hotel. The best thing was, was that the hotel was well-ventilated and hardly smelled like smoke (unlike other hotels in Vegas.) BONUS: Loved the fact that standard rooms have deep, sunken in bath tubs fully equipped with a TV viewable from the bathtub!!! Weeeee!!! I will definitely be back!!!
5	Vegas during a recession is really different. No lines, cheap rooms, suites available at a discount, $10 blackjack with multiple open chairs and room to walk. This has always been one of my favorite hotels. Simple elegance, well laid out, good choices of upscale and cheap food.  Our room had a huge tub, and a great view. Super fun weekend.
4	Great rooms, lovely hotel, fantastic for kids.Good buffets & restaurants. Big water park with lazy river and wave pool. Nice rooms with view of the strip. Cheap & Cheerful!
5	I LOVE Mandalay Bay it's usually  where I stay when in Vegas. The beds are super comfortable, modern decor, very clean, nice casino, and great restaurants. Last time I stayed I tried something else and now I know to always stay with Mandalay.
4	I stayed here over the weekend for my wedding and I just loved it. The hotel is huge, it seems like you need to walk forever to get to a place, especailly to the Wedding Chapel. From the elevators to the Chapel, it is a good walk so make sure you wear comfortable shoes.The rooms were huge. The standard rooms are 550 sq. ft., enough room to walk and store luggage. They have decent size closet space. The first two nights we were there, we upgraded our room to a Media Suite room, it was gorgeous. The blinds, tv, radio can be open/turned on from a report control. It was awesome. There was a seperate media room where you can hook up a DVD player and it had surround sounds. Can you believe it, there was actually a walk-in closet? Yes, a walk in closet. I was amazed. On top of that, there are two shower heads and the shower space tunes into a steam room. All rooms comes with a bath tub, some has a jacquzzi tub. The best hotel I ever stayed in (this statment is just for the facility). On the other hand, customer service (Front desk) was the worst. out of my 4 days stayed there, ohnly one Front desk person was very helpful. Her name is Mariana. She was polite and took care of us sicxn
4	Mandalay Bay is still one of my favorite casinos on the strip. Though there are "nicer" and "newer" casinos -- Mandalay Bay has one of the best deals for the money you pay. I booked a room through Expedia for just a little over $100 a night - and when we got to the hotel we were quickly offered a special suite upgrade for $30. Our suite was clean, the bed was SUPER comfortable and had a fantastic view of the Strip. It was a little out of date style-wise, but otherwise the room was HUGE and extremely comfortable. As for the casino itself -- the best part about the Mandalay is that it's a good compromise between the prim "properness" of the Wynn and Bellagio and the party-crazy-ness of somewhere like New York, New York. The casino is modern, has a good assortment of upscale and affordable food and also has a lot of great shops adjacent to it. I recommend the Mandalay Bay especially for someone like me who has been to Vegas a  few times and just wants to enjoy the pleasures of one comfortable hotel. If you've been to Vegas a few times and want something elegant without paying crazy prices, you will love it here :D
3	Stayed in a suite for my bachelor party. Not bad. The walk from the elevator bank to the end of the hallway where the suite was is pretty ridiculous -- I think I'd be out of breath if I tried to run it. Nice views though of the mountains/airport.The food in the casino area was so-so. The Chinese noodle shop is a bit overpriced. Still, I've seen worse in Vegas, so this gets 3 stars.
4	In the Winter of 2008, we only paid $50 a night to stay here. Unbelievable offer. The hotel is insanely clean and the customer service is A+. The only downfall of this Hotel is the location. It's VERY far from all the "nightlife" as if resides at the end of the strip. It is not walking distance at all, and you must cab it to the other venues. The price is amazing here and it is very clean. Definitely a place to bring your loved one, family, or close friends.
3	I can only talk about the CASINO for now, but I hope eventually to stay here and be able to review the hotel in general as well.The casino is very large, but feels spacious and comfortable -- probably because the management has not crammed every inch of space with machines and tables, but has allowed their to be room to breathe.  (But still plenty of machines and tables, of course!)  Well, that and that there seem to be many fewer people wandering around than in other casinos because of its location at the end of the Strip.  It's a very elegant, welcoming atmosphere, and the employees are warm and friendly.  The only real downside?  The slots here always seem relatively tight compared with the rest of the Strip.  (Or it's just where my luck is bad...and yet I still want to stay here.)
4	This is a nice hotel room.  It seems smaller than others in Vegas, but very clean and fresh.  Loved the bathroom.  Large check-in line, but we were early and they still let us check in. + for that.  Had a pool view room.  Either side, strip or pool, is a great view.  The real bang for your buck is the pool.  So I personally would not stay any other time than summer.  But it is so worth it.  Just get out there early and bring your own tube.  (They will fill it up for you)  Oh, and try to limit the buckets of beer.
4	I like this place.  It's rooms are nice as it should be for the price you pay for.  The grounds of the place is nice as well.  The hotel is a little outdated compared to the newer hotels like the Wynn, Encore, ARIA etc but overall still one of the best places to stay at.  The indoor lobby is not as pretty and luscious as Mirage but again, still a very pleasant place to stay at.  Great concierge service, great restaurants on the facilitiy and with the economy in the slumps they've now have more penny slots than ever before.  Things to stay away from:  If you are a guest here you can consider going to their Shark Reef Aquarium.  Guest get $5 off each person just by showing them your room key.  The problem:  Don't expect Seaworld.  It's a nice place but was not worth what we paid.  The aquarium is really outdated and you can tell that all the corals and plantations in the tank were fake!  It just looks really sad.  Don't go unless you really really are bored and have nothing better to do.  Save your money and put it in a penny slot machine (it would be more entataining I promise).Their beach like pool is exactly what they promised on their website. Great place to stay I would recommend it.
4	I've stayed at this hotel twice now, both times during a tradeshow (CES) for the company I work with. Seems like a second home to me because I will actually be returning to this hotel and staying for about 10 nights in April of this year for the Interop tradeshow. The rooms are really nice, the bathrooms are very very sexilicious. Especially that huge bathtub. Room service here is really great too. The casino inside this hotel along with all the restaurants, shops and bars are really great too. No complaints here.
4	The rooms here are really nice. I feel that their target market is for the older crowd, hence their decor and colors, maybe the gold. Even when I was walking around, I didnt see the usual crowds of crazy kids in their stilettos. ;] Their room setup is a little different than normal. The bathrooms right next to the bedroom instead of around the corner so it's a little more intimate. The decor is a little older fashioned, lots of gold, brown, and warm colors, it's actually very pleasant. They have a beautiful, spacious, open bathroom. A huge tub AND a glass stand up shower, none of that crappy plastic curtain, knobs or plastic tub. They have large double doors that lead into  the bathrooms and double sinks! and this is just your basic deluxe room, def. a HUGE upgrade.
4	Beautiful huge Vegas Strip hotel. i have stayed here a few times. When I first stayed here i thought it could not get any better than this. Thru the years, it has aged a bit(but who hasnt). I love the colors of MB. The  soft cream color sort of calms me down.  We had a deal on a room, like everyone does in Vegas now. I remeber paying over 300 once upon a time for a room. It is considerably less today. You have to call down and ask for a robe now.  Small cut backs do to "the Economy" boy I am sick of hearing that. We had room service one evening so we could watch the Oscars, the service and food was fantastic. Room service is always one of my favorite places to eat. MB seems to be more quiet than some of the other hotels , which is nice. The staff was very helpful, friendly, not in a hurry or stuck up. I looked out of our window which faced the pools. it was not anywhere close to being warm or sunny, but there were some people trying to tan on the beach chairs. we gussed they were from Slovaki or New Jersey. Like everyone else says, afer a few days, we were ready for home.
5	went here a week ago with my bf. first timers. we got the hotelbased on jetted tubs. why mandalay? well, this hotel is the onlyone on the strip that has one that fits 2 people comfortably. thatsthe main reason why. then of course the hotel looks really niceinside as far as the pictures & 360 views on their website shows.let me tell you, this hotel is beautiful. yeah the gold, cream, brownsare very calming colors & looks to be aimed at the older crowd butseriously? who cares. this hotels looks alone shits on most of thehotels we visited while out there. planet hollywood's casino areais more of the younger crowd & its nice & all. but mandalay is justso relaxing to be in. we got the 750 gr suite again, mainly for thejet tub. the time we spent in our room was mainly to fall asleep &soak in the tub. ahhh, i miss it already. the only con i find about thishotel is how far down the strip it is. its at the southend of the stripso the tram is definatly good use if you dont want to pay for taxis.the beach looked like it was nice. we didnt get to go there causeit was sprinkling when we went & we werent trying to risk gettingsick while out there. the shark reef aquarium was smaller than ithought it would be but very awesome. the boyfriend is VERY intothe underwater world. so the strategically placed illegal fish therewas very exciting for him. haha. i love love love the sunken shiparea. very good variety of turtles, sharks, fish,etc. even the shopwas cute. lol. the restaurants we're all very beautiful. we defintalyrecommend RM seafood & their crabcakes. the casino area ispretty big, & the tables had nice dealers. there was only 1 pai gowpoker table but atleast they had one! HAHA. we're definately goingback to vegas in a few months. i definately want to come back tomandalay but bf wants to explore other hotels as well. we just have to deal with the fact that no other hotels on the strip will havea jetted tub fit for 2. gaaaaah. =/ ps. the towels smell HELLA good!
4	Love how tranquil the room felt.  Like you're on an island far away.  The jet tub is definitely a plus.  The only downside is the hotel isn't centrally located.
4	I was able to stay here due to a conference I had to attend for work and man was I lucky, this hotel is amazing. Very elegant and classy, beautiful marble title through the whole hotel. The casino area is clean and it's packed with tons of great bars and restaurants. The staff is friendly and very helpful. They will go out of their way to make your stay pleasant. The rooms are spacous. The pools are rediculous. There are five different pools to choose from - one of which being a wave pool and one being the only pool in Vegas that offer a sandy beach. The only thing that I did not like about this hotel is that it is one of the last hotels on the strip - which means it takes awhile to get to the other hotels on the strip. At least there is a free tram that takes you to the Luxor and the Excalibur.
4	My gf and I stayed at Mandalay Bay to see Lion King. I found the room, spacious and the appointments quite nice. Check in and out was easy. Ok, it's at the far end of the strip, but it was fully self-contained. Dinner at Aureole was fantastic. The breakfast buffet was better than expected (I don't normally eat at buffets). When we accidentally left something at the hotel after check out they handled it perfectly. I would definitely stay here again.
4	We stayed here on our Vegas trip, I was pretty happy. The room space is clean (very clean) and the hotel staff was extremely attentive. We had issue one night with a noisy neighbor and that was handled very quickly (it was 3 AM, seriously hooting and hollering is not acceptable at any time, much less 3 AM even in Vegas). We found getting in and out of the Hotel very easy, Taxi service, or the tram was always working like a machine. Overall I think this was a great place and we would return.
4	Good rooms, pool area is huge, and the spa is amazing. The down side is that you are at the very beginning of the strip. The Events Center is super convenient if you're staying there and seeing a show. I would have loved to spend more time at the pool, but instead we hit up the spa. I'd recommend the spa to anyone that wants a little pampering. The room was nice, clean, huge TV, and decent view. The beds were comfy. If you get a discounted rate on your room, the pros def. outweigh the cons.
5	I stayed at Mandalay Bay one weekend.  It's a really nice hotel with all the upgrades and amenities you'd expect from a higher end place.  I honestly don't remember many details about the place because after awhile, if you go to Vegas a lot, everything just kinda starts to mush together.  I do remember that the beds were like heaven.  Super soft and plush, even the pillows.  I felt like I was laying in a cloud.  I have no complaints about Mandalay Bay.  It's a nice, posh hotel and casino and I'm sure I'll find myself here many more times in the future.  I do remember that they have a cool shark reef exhibit and their pool is a "beach".  Oh yeah, and they have a topless pool which I didn't get to try because I was there during the off season but if you're into that kind of thing, then there you go.
4	Located at the beginning of the Strip, closest to the Airport is the Mandalay Bay.  This hotel overall is really one of the best places to stay in Las Vegas.  Since it is at the beginning of the strip you don't really see many sketchy people.  The hotel itself is absolutely huge as it is connected to 4 other hotels with endless shopping and restaurants that are really good.The rooms are average sized with a larger bathroom than you would normally see in a hotel room.  The pool was closed when we were there but there is supposed to be a fake beach where they fly in all the sand, and there is supposedly a nude pool which has a bar by it.The casino was nice and filled with many all-night gamblers.  I felt comfortable at this hotel and it was decently priced.  I would totally stay there again.  Travel websites have all sorts of deals for hotels in Vegas so check them our and maybe Mandalay Bay might be one of the options. Now remember, what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas!Cheers and Enjoy!
2	This is going to come across as a bit snobby and elitist. I really don't give a shit. If you don't like it, don't read it.Back in the day, Mandalay was pretty damn nice. It had one of the nicest casinos, a gorgeous pool and a pretty classy clientele. Well, I don't know if it's the economy or what, but ladies and gentlemen, this is the new Excalibur. The casino is still nice. The pool is ok, but everything else has gone in the shitter. Our room had popcorn all over the floor and a couple toothpicks when we checked in. Oh, and the sheets smelled like smoke in our non-smoking room. We chose to keep the room for some reason. In the middle of the night (3 AM) the kids next door (probably just turned 21, can't handle booze well) decided to have a party. I called security, they shut up for about 5 minutes, then at 6:30 AM decided to play the radio at volume 11. I asked to switch rooms and was moved to a room on the 4th floor where I was told there was no adjoining room. Interesting, because when we got there, the room was in the middle of the hallway, surrounded by other rooms. Guess what happened the next night. 3 AM party again. I don't really know what to think. I can tell you we got a rate for our room that you would not have even considered getting 2 or 3 years ago. If I wanted this bullshit hassle I would stay somewhere else, which is what I'll do in the future. Sadly, I think more than anything, this is a sign of the economy. Vegas has way too many rooms. The prices have come way down and we are already seeing the Atlantic City-fication of Vegas. I won't be back to Mandalay.
5	If you had to choose one of the many Hotel and Casino's to stay in on the south end of the strip I highly recommend Mandalay Bay.Pre-baby trips to Las Vegas changed our viewpoints about where to stay while in town and we often found ourselves staying in T.I (not that that's a bad thing at all) but since we were in town with our little tyke we decided to splurge a bit and stay here for a couple of days after already staying a couple of day prior in another resort at little to no cost. Shhh, I'll fill you in on that in a minute.From the moment of check-in throughout  our entire stay the services they provided had me very impressed-as I should be right? Sure it's a pain to weave your way through downstair's to pick up your car from valet but that's a miniscule oddity. On the upside they work miracles on expediting.Mandalay is a beautiful hotel as is, connected to The Four Seasons, with it's man-made beach and puny wave generator but they also have great shops, excellent dining choices and lots of entertainment to choose from.
1	RoomWe arrived around 11am on 3/10 and checked in with Joshua.  He was very nice but seemed inexperienced with your systems.  We returned to the front desk and was greeted by Hilary.  The email from VIP Services and the room we were assigned did not seem right.  I showed Hilary the email and after 30 minutes of trying to talking to VIP Services, she assigned us room 61224, which she said was an upgrade to a "penthouse suite."  The light switch in the bedroom and reading light were not in working order, it took 3 calls to get them fixed.  Thought out the stay we had to keep asking for glasses.  Housekeeping would only leave one in the bathroom and one wine glass by the mini bar.  After the second night, we bought plastic cups.  Janet was to give a $50.00 credit for a miss understanding that a member of the desk staff told me. She also, was to have the signed receipts of the bar charges.  When checking out, well you guessed it, she did not give the credit nor did she have the receipts and she was gone for the day. CasinoHad an issue with a machine it would not take our money nor give us our ticket.  After 20minutes or so we stopped William.  He called Sonia.  She came over and fixed the machine.  Kudos to the both of them!While playing Roulette, we tried to get drinks from the cocktail server but there didn't seem to be one.  We asked Stacey, who we thought was the pit boss, to call a server.  He told us, he was just a fill in and can not do that.  I had to go to the bar to get our drinks, oh well. The dealer, Paul, was the reason why we stayed at that table for over 5hours and dropped a few thousand dollars. Christopher, another fill in, gave our players card to someone else, not sure if he even gave us credit for our play.The last night, we played some Roulette with Gina - great personality and very funny but the best was Sheri, the blackjack dealer and Sean the pit boss.  We played blackjack until 4am.  Sean told us we had at least $130.00 in comps.  I thought that was low due to all the time and money we spent at the tables. Players ClubOn arrival we meet Egar and Darius - two great guys.On check out - we only had $108 in comps. How could we have at least $130 just a few hours before?  VIP ServicesPatty was able to find us 311 tickets - which was the reason for our trip - we can not thank her enough! FoodLunch at Red, White and Blue was the best.  The burgers were cooked to perfection.The quality of room service was somewhat you would find at a Hilton.  They were rude and the food had no taste.The Noodle Shop - pad thai was greasy and bland.Eye Candy charged gratuity to our room when it should have been for beverages. How would you rate our overall experience at Mandalay Bay?
4	It's so different coming to Vegas with a gf. Instead of stumbling through the lobby at 7am, I now appreciate the finer details in the hotel. It's no Wynn or Bellagio but very beautiful nonetheless. They're home to some great restaurants like Stripsteak and Aureole. Mandalay Place is a solid mall too. Again, it's no Forum Shops or the Wynn but they definitely don't have any of that Treasure Island's "CZ jeweler" either! The rooms are comfortable with a 2nd TV in the bathroom. Although I think the sinks are a bit small (not sure if this is important to anyone, including me). Most importantly, it's closest to the airport. Anyone trying to leave on a Sunday can appreciate that!
4	I was impressed with Mandalay Bay. The beach was fun for day-time activities, great restaurant scene, concert venue, and very clean. Reasonable prices as well. I bathroom is large (girls like this) and the hotel is much easier to navigate than the Venetian...I hate when you have to take multiple elevators to your room. Look for special promo codes to cash in on free food vouchers. You'll need it since drinks at the pool are about $15...but hey, it's Vegas. Only drawback is that it's far from everything else on the strip, but for one night's stay there was plenty to entertain and we ended up not leaving the hotel for the trip.
3	I really wanted to love Mandalay Bay, but I couldn't love it 100%. This was mostly due to the elevators. For the amount of rooms and towers they have, there is only one set of elevators that ride up and down the center of the hotel. These elevators go from pool level all the way to the top of the hotel. It's really annoying when you stay at the pool til closing time and have to wait 30+ minutes in line for the elevator. Sundays are the worst when you wait for an elevator after check-out and realize that every one that stops is already full of people and their luggage. If you're on a lower level, you're screwed.On the bright side, the pool is pretty amazing (except for the $20 inner tube rental). I suggest hitting walmart beforehand and buying a cheap tube and just bringing it in. I like that Mandalay is attached to a shopping area. The stores aren't bad. Def not as fancy as the forum shops at CP, and not as hip as the miracle mile shops at PH. Stay here for the pool and the spacious rooms, but def be prepared to wait a while for the elevators.
4	I stayed at this hotel for 1 night on March 22nd, 2010. The room is pretty big. The bathroom has a TV, but the TV didn't work in my room. The only thing I hate about the bathroom is that people on the outside can see you taking a shower because when you close the 2 doors there is a gap in-between the 2 doors that looks like a closet door.  I wish there was a drape that would cover the peep-hole.I definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.Check out the video in Xtreme HD of the room tour:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RbfSer-kKB8
3	Get me outa here!Can I say that as the beginning of my review?  I'll bet you guessed I don't like Vegas too much.  Only here for a conference, so this is survival we're talking about here...ANyway, the conference center is at Mandalay Bay, and seemingly there isn't a slot machine in sight.  Nor a gambler... just lots of geeks doing geek stuff!I'm sure I'll survive though, just have to make it until Thursday when I speak... I should say something about the conference center.  It's clean, and immense.  Last year they had more bean-bag chairs to sit on, but very few this year it seems.  Also there's no wifi, at least it's not turned on yet.  Soon I'm guessing...
4	Mandalay Bay is one of the premiere hotels of Las Vegas, however, like many of the MGM properties including Luxor and MGM, it has managed to tarnish its brand and its appeal by reducing room rates that start at just $89 now. A few years ago, you would be hard pressed to find a room for less than $130 even in off-peak days. So what is wrong with a cheaper room rate? Well, it means that some of the little things that matter, start falling by the way side. I checked in to the hotel last week, and here are somethings that I found a little disappointing:-- The light switch by the door did not turn on any lights in the room. It turned on a very dim light by the entrance, but I had to find the light knobs on the individual lamps in the dark. -- The chair provided in the room needed to have been re-upholstered. It was filthy. -- The bed was plain uncomfortable. It had a mattress pad on it (which I did not ask for) and sleeping on one side of the bed meant sleeping slanted. -- There was no TV schedule guide in the room so I had no idea what channel was what unless I manually flipped through every channel.Having said that, the room had a bright and shiny flat screen TV and the bathroom was impeccable. But what I like most about Mandalay are the options for lounging and eating. They have Rum Jungle, Red Square, Minus 5, Burger Bar, Mix and plenty more, which really matters if you are looking to have a great evening, without leaving the hotel. The pool at Mandalay is of course, one of the most popular ones in Vegas. They have not only a pool that has waves to emulate a beach, but also one that you ride a tube in around the premises. Overall, Mandalay remains one of my favorite hotels in Las Vegas with plenty of action, great restaurants and lounges. They do need to refresh their rooms a little but all in all, a great value for your money!
4	I have stayed at the Mandalay a few times and my experience this weekend was horrible.  Here are the reasons:-the air conditioning was not working properly....-the lights on the headboard kept flickering and I had no clue where the switch was or if it even had one-I waited for 45 minutes for extra towels to be brought to the room-my friend's credit card was over charged $200.00 from the remaining balance.BUT....the best thing about this hotel are:-restaurants-bars/nightclubsI would have given it a 5 star but they need some maintenance.
2	Bottom line...they have 3300 rooms, you're just a number to them and they'll make sure you leave feeling that way.I'm not sure who is in charge of Campaign "Brown-nose" based on these reviews, but I'd like to meet them and share my experience. We booked a two-bedroom suite THROUGH the hotel, and we got treated like we had haggled them down over a discount website. If you're going to spend at least $600 bucks for one night on a suite, DON'T DO IT HERE! Here's what to expect:1) You're not checking in early. We got there at 10:15AM and weren't even allowed to step into line until 11. There was even a man shooing people out of the lines if he thought they were trying to check in. 2) You'll be lied to. When we finally were allowed to check in, we were told they didn't have a room BUT would call us when they were ready, which would be in about an hour. Nearly three hours later, we're wondering what the hell is going on, so we call up from the pool. "Oh it's ready". When I asked 'snotty dbag' at the front why no one called us to let us know, he said "sometimes things just get backed up." There was no apology. Look, if I was staying at the Motel 6 across the street, maybe I would expect that kind of an excuse. But not with a $600 price tag, especially if we checked in right at 11AM.3) You'll wish you'd stayed somewhere else. Towels scratchier than a brillo pad (from too much bleaching) and an awkward narrow suite that capped off one of Mandalay Bay's long hallways plus small showers and smaller uncomfortable furniture equals waste o' money.4) You'll have to do everything yourself. Look, I'm a big DIYer, but when I come to Vegas for the works, I want a few things taken care of. Bags being brought up? No, you have to go to the bell desk for that, after you've already been over there once. Mini-bar unlocked? No. Call down. No, we need your credit card. You have my credit card! No, call the front desk. Hi front desk...No, we need a new one, and you can't do it over the phone, come down to the front desk. (me hanging up in exasperated manner) Someone dropped a glass? Great, NOBODY MOVE! It'll be 45 minutes before a guy comes up with a broom and dustpan. Super, like I couldn't have done that. Glass shards were still the floor the next day. The next day, electronic check-out on your TV? Call down to access. Is nothing in this hotel one step?! Move over US Government, it's bureaucracy on a whole new level.Why do I feel like there was some kind of management coup that had just taken place before the weekend hit? The ONLY reason this hotel gets 2 stars is because they have a nice pool and the Shark Reef is one of the coolest things to visit in Vegas - tourists who are certified divers are actually allowed to dive with the sharks! Now only if the rest of the hotel would step it up. Until that day, I'll try any other place before going back here. Newsflash, just because your hotel is golden, it doesn't mean you are.
4	Probably my favorite hotel/casino in Las Vegas right now.  It is part of the MGM Grand / Mirage corporation and probably their best hotel (other than TheHotel--their more exclusive property in the Mandalay complex).The casino was very well put together and the service was super-friendly.Great shows and food options, too.
4	We thought about Bellagio for our May trip to LV, but we chose Mandalay bay and we are happy about it.It is located at the south edge of the Strip. We rented a car, so it was not a problem. If you don't have a car, it may be.Still, this hotel offers lots of fun. The restaurants are decent and Lion King was very good, though you don't have to stay in the hotel to take advantage of them. But among all, I love their pools and that is the reason why I always come back to this hotel!The rooms are clean and have decent size. The services were not as good as other premium Hotels like Mandarin or Arial that we visited, but they were fine with me. Oh, I miss the pool!!
4	If you're looking for the best swimming pool in Las Vegas, The Beach at Mandalay Bay doesn't disappoint. It's the main reason why I booked my stay here this time around. Pools are open from 9am-5pm (seasonally) and gets crowded fast. So make sure you get there a little before 9am (some lined up at 8am..) to ensure the best (beach chair) spot.The room showed a bit of wear and our two queen beds weren't comfortable due to the lack of support. Aging must have taken quite a toll since my last visit. Checking-in was friendly even at midnight, and housekeeping is quick to bring up whatever you've requested.
4	My room was comped! 20-dollar tip trick to upgrade was rejected because they were overbooked.  It probably didn't help that I tried to check-in on Friday at 10pm.  But I did get upgraded to a "high floor - 31" .  Somebody stole the batteries from the TV remote and one of the lamps didn't work.  I requested a late check out and they gave me till 1, it was also comped.Mandalay beach was awesome, I had no problem finding a chair at 6pm on Saturday and again at 10am on Sunday.The slot machines here are tight, I loss 200 bucks in 10 minutes.
5	Love Mandalay! Don't like staying anywhere else when I go to vegas. Most comfortable beds ever, love the pools, love the room service food(don't order starved though, takes a while). Easy to book, check in, and check out. The pools are nice, have pools for everyone, the party pool (over 21), the beach with a wave pool for families and lazy river, and then smaller less crowded pools to relax. They have a awesome shark tank that is worth seeing, many restaurants to choose from, great hair salon, and a tram that is very nice to hop onto for access to the strip!
4	Probably should be 4.5 stars.Best hotel in Vegas and the only place my wife and I will stay.We travel to Vegas 3-4 times a year.  I like to gamble, she likes to sit at the pool or go to the spa.  She raves about the spa and massages.  We find the restaurant options to be plentiful.  We have always been treated with respect and taken care of at MB.  They are very generous with comps and that keeps us coming back.  We will be there in 2 weeks for the Memorial Day weekend and they comped our room for the first 2 nights and gave a huge discount for Saturday and Sunday.I will say if you are coming to Vegas for the club scene this may not be the place for you.  Yes the pool is awesome and has a sort of clubby atmosphere, especially the moorea beach club.  (By the way its full of dudes.)   Also others complain that it is too far down on the strip.  Even better if you ask me.  I have been to Vegas many a times I dont need to walk up and down the strip to see whatever gimmick the newest hotel is advertising.  The only time my wife and I leave is to go to the forum shops at Caesars.   if you gamble and like a nice clean hotel, this is the place for you.GOOD LUCK!
3	room is nice, but the hotel itself is pretty boring. Im assuming its for the older crowd.
5	Although we did not stay here this time we spent the majority of our time in Vegas in this casino.  I have to  say that Mandalay is my favorite hotel/casino in Vegas because of its decor, vibe, customer service and pools.  The dealers here are very friendly as well as the cocktail waitresses.  The poker room is mainly 1-2 no limit with the occasional limit game (3/6 or 4/8).  Valet here can be a little slow sometimes depending on how busy they are and our favorite bar to hang out in was the bar with the stage and where the hair band played (near the restrooms and rum jungle).  Overall lots of fun to be had at Mandalay!
4	Beautiful!
4	Our my last trip out to Vegas, our group were going to be arriving at different times.  My group was going to be coming 1 day earlier and needed a place to crash for just one night.  Mandalay had specials for 100 dollar rooms.  We had heard their beach/pool was really nice, which is included with a night's stay so we jumped right on it.The hotel itself is new and modern inside.  Our bathroom didn't have a lock on it, but hey we're all adults here right? Obviously not. My friends walked in on me several times. Overall, great new hotel with many deals.  Make sure to take advantage of their pool. One of the nicest around.
4	I just stayed here again for Memorial Weekend and I was a little bit disappointed and have a few gripes.  Maybe things were sub-par because it was a holiday weekend and therefore, insanely busy.  When I first checked in, the front desk person was super friendly and informative.  One good thing about MB is that their resort fee includes the cardio room, two free drink passes and a bunch of other stuff, whereas other hotels charge you the resort fee for nothing.  She also upgraded us to a room with a pool view at no additional cost, just for asking.  My complaints:  Elevators took forever and were crazy packed.  Valet took forever.  Too many kids for my preference in the pools.  Maybe that's a good thing for families.  The pool area/beach is huge with multiple pools, a wave pool, and a lazy river.  Everything else was good.  I totally love the beds here.  The most comfortable out of anywhere I've ever stayed.
1	Not only did my sheets have a huge stain, and mold in the shower, my wife decided to go swimming in the wave pool,  and not hours later woke up with the worst ear infection of her life. The doctor said of course it  is from the nasty bacteria filled pool water. I am currently sitting in the room here for the third straight extra day because we can not fly home due to her ear.   Thanks Mandalay Gay.  DONT EVER SWIM IN VEGAS!Oh yeah, Room Service is horrible, I know because we have been ordering it for 3 days. Over priced and AWFUL!
5	Love LOVE LOVE MB!!Stayed here the weekend before last.  Four nights with two other friends.  A friend staying in a different room thought they got an upgrade b/c they thought their room was so nice.  I had to let her know that all the basic rooms like that way and YES we also had two sinks and a TV in our bathroom.  Front desk was nice, me & the girlfriend checked in and was upgraded to a strip view :).Althought I would still say that the Palazzo has hands down better rooms, MB was still a contender and MB's pools are beat by none.  Palazzo pool was nice too but nothing like MB.  Just make sure to get there early.  Drinks & fries are delicious!We ate at Raffles & Bistro Bar both with restaurant.com gift certificates which I highly recommend coz it'll save you a ton of money.  Raffles was goood... good burgers & breakfast.  Bistro was just okay but has a great patio over looking the pool area which was really nice.Overall I would definitely stay here again.  My husband and I loved it!
4	I've done Vegas for the past 16 years now. I've moved my way up the strip so to speak staying in the dumps, (Westward Ho, etc) all the way up to Mandalay Bay. Since my first stay at this hotel 8 years ago, I've returned every year. The thing you have to understand about this hotel is that it's one of the largest resorts on the strip. So when you go will definitely dictate some of the availability of services and your overall experience. It's definitely not the cheapest resort either. However, for me personally the days of cheap buffets and rooms are long gone. Now days, cheap prices in Vegas tend to also attract the rift raft. For the most part, Mandalay Bay's clientele range from your party crowd having fun, then there's the metro always pretty crowd and finally the older hardcore gaming crowd. I've never felt like I need to watch my back in the place. Although I do have to admit I love going downtown for the cheap gambling (odds are better.) With that being said, I really enjoy the resort. They recently updated all of the rooms. They're modern but not gaudy. For me, the room is simply a place to lay my head and take a shower. If you're into the views, I don't think you can beat the northward strip view rooms. Raffles cafe is a good 24 hour restaurant. Especially after a long night out on the town. The gaming is good and for the most part the table handler's and pit bosses are polite, personable and will help you out when you're deciding whether or not to hit on that 16 or bet that pass line. Just a word of advice about the gaming though. If you're going to gamble at the property, join their players club and use it. It costs nothing and is good towards room discounts and free tickets to shows, etc. Plus the points are good at all the MGM properties. The pool area is large and there's several pools to choose from. But you need to get there early. Otherwise you're going to have a tough time finding a spot. This where all the kids are going to be as well. If I may borrow my brothers quote from another review on this site. "Vegas is no place for a family vacation. Take your fucking kids to Disneyland, not a place famous for gambling, sex and getting piss-drunk. I don't fuck up your Legoland vacation by getting hammered and then hitting on your wife after spending $500 in a strip club so don't fuck up my vacation by bringing your hyper kids to Vegas and letting them run around while screaming their heads off. Deal?" OK. There's my gripe about the pool area. Oh and one more suggestion about the restaurants. If you plan on going, make reservations. Especially on the weekends.
1	Never ever ever will I stay at this place- I went there for a convention- which I go to Vegas for at least 3-4 times per year minimum- had a prepaid reservation and was told on arrival that they had to transfer my reservation somewhere else. All I got was $20 for cabfare and no refund. Screw that- In the last 3 years I've stayed in several hotels in Vegas and this would be the last place I would choose.
1	I remember filling out a survey right after my stay here, and was definitely frustrated that I never received a follow up call or email regarding it. There were many things that weren't right with this place.It may have been a great hotel back in the day, but it is definitely not a great hotel, and is probably only staying afloat because of all the concerts that are held at the hotel.I reserved a suite for one night here as I really wanted the jacuzzi tub. I was told all the suites were amazing and very nice and that I was lucky to snag the deal that I did.  Okay...fine...I may not have believed her 100% but I went with it.Checking in to the hotel, we were supposed to receive a $50 dining credit for the hotel. Upon receiving it, we were told that it wasn't exactly a free dining credit but rather that we'd have to spend a certain amount of money in order to get a $50 discount on food/drinks.  Ummm yeah...that's not going to happen. If I'm told that I get a $50 dining credit and my email confirmation doesn't state that there's a minimum spending amount, then I don't see how it's fair.  Total bait and switch.We get to the room....not so nice...."lovely" view of the parking lot...and not much else.   The carpets are filthy and the sofa has stains all over it! I refused to walk around barefoot.  The bathroom was semi-nice...the jacuzzi tub worked and was clean.Ten minutes after getting to our room, I got ready to take a shower and was in a state of undress when all of a sudden, there's a knock at the door (literally ONE knock). I wasn't sure if I had heard correctly, but before I could even do anything about it, I hear the door open!I immediately start yelling and I hear the lady with a heavy accent merely say "OH!" and eventually shut the door behind her!What the hell was that?!!!!!I was IMMEDIATELY put off by my stay here.Luckily it was just a one night thing and after that I forgot all about it in a Penthouse Suite at the Bellagio.The Mandalay Bay is an awful hotel. I'm glad I didn't spend any money here other than for the hotel room (which I regret doing now).
4	Friends are in town and staying at the Mandalay Bay for the weekend which happens to be one of my favorite hotels in town for the following locals reasons:-One of the best pools-Great parking for larger vehicles (large open lot next to the convention center that is only a quick 5 minute walk to the Four Seasons-Easy to access from the highway-It has a great array of restaurants and entertainment throughout the whole complex.
3	Im not sure if I would stay at this place again if it wasn't in a suite. We stayed in the 750 sq foot room. Its a little tough though for a big group cos it only had a king size and no sofa bed (unlike the venetian). We didn't take advantage of many of its ameneties except for two. The in house jacuzzi. and the pool. The pool is amazing. The lazy river and the huge wave pool are a must visit. It was a little empty due to the horrible weather. This place would've recieved 4 stars if it loaned out the lazy river rafts and didnt charge my boy $9 for a beer that we didnt drink (from its in room fridge). The lazy river rafts are for sale at over $20 a piece. If you want the low down on how to get one without forking up the cash send me a msg. If youve got the cash, the rates are good, probably pick the venetian since both are at the end of the strip. If this place is owned by MGM, it would make sense cos its similar to the bellagio in all facets.
5	It would be sufficient to say that for any reason we can find, my friends and I will plan a trip to Vegas. It would also be sufficient to say that thanks to the many deals Karey R. comes across,  we are able to squeeze our way into hotels we would otherwise never be able to afford. On this particular trip, Karey R. found a good deal from Mandalay Bay, and so, because we just needed to get away and my freaking GMAT hell was finally over, we went.Our trips have always swayed on the crazy side of things and barely touched on the relaxing side of things, so when we were able to find a place with a fancy pool and tub-tv-filled bathroom, we were ready to try something new. The actual casino has a more relaxed vibe to it than any other casinos in which I've gambled my earnings. There are a few bars and lounges, but nothing that seems to pull the massive groups of alcohol filled partiers. The rooms are standard, but with a no-where near standard huge flat screen tv. Then there's the bathroom: big tub and a little flat screen to pass the time away. Why have I never experienced this before?! Word to the vegas relaxers of the future: go get yourself some bath bombs from the local bath-type store and spend some time in Mandalay Bay's bath tub. Last, and one of the highlights of this trip, are the pools. I spent my time in front of the wave pool and in the lazy river. Their summer hours had them opening and 8 am and you better bet your bottom that we were down there by 8:06 am. You have to plan on doing the same if you want a spot on a lounge chair. Because of our on-timeness, we scored the front row lounge chairs by the wave pool on the sand. Karey and Cecilia were brave enough to put down the cash for some inner tubes, and so I did experience the lazy river, which should be renamed to the "lazy river until you get to the two high powered waterfalls which take a lot of effort to avoid." Even though I did get drenched quite a few times, I really enjoyed it.To summarize, if you are in Vegas for a relaxing weekend, this is the place you need to be.
3	Beautiful hotel; it's really a shame that it's all the way at the end of the strip, which makes walking around pretty damn difficult.  The hotel itself has a lot of restaurants to try and things to do so it's not so bad that it's far away from everything else. Their suites are spacious and nice! Their bathroom has some weird window though that can't be covered--not great if you're sharing with a bunch of friends and don't want them to see you naked.Oh, one big downer though. The walls are seemingly thin. I can hear people walking and talking down the hall (doesn't help that our room was pretty close to the elevator) and we definitely could hear muffled conversation from the adjoining room. Also? Not so great to wake up early in the morning because the couple next door is having loud sex. Otherwise, not a bad hotel. I like it, I just don't love it.
1	Terrible customer service.  They only care about making a buck. Did not address any of our issues.  Will not stay here again
3	Everything was great from the staff, to the bars, and the pools. I loved the hotel right off the bat and the service was great from beginning until the end. Due to the pool area, there are a lot of kids running around but it is easy to get away just by buying a pass to the adult pool area. Going to the adult area was the most relaxed I've every been in Vegas. I would definitely go back to this hotel. You get a  lot for the price you pay. Still, it would have been nice to be a little closer to the other end of the strip.
4	Great place to stay. Rooms are spacious and clean. The price is fair. It's at the end of the strip so there's less foot traffic which is a blessing. The air is cleaner vs other hotels. Lots of things to do in the hotel: beach, mall, bars, clubs, spa, many others.
5	Went here for my birthday with a bunch of my guy friend.. stayed in a basic room, and wow to my amazement the room made us feel rich. The hotel itself is great, the service is great.. the pool is superb.  I love the wave pool, i didn't want to leave but, i was getting hungry so we left
4	Stayed here for the Interop 2010 Expo.  Got an end hall suite that had an awesome view facing Las Vegas Blvd and the Luxor!Staff members were courteous and helpful!  Not sure if I would stay again simply because of the price.  I can stay somewhere cheaper and have more money to lose in the casino!
4	I stayed at Mandalay Memorial day wkend 09' and it was great! pros- Courteous staff, clean rooms, and a great pool area!cons- It's at the very end of the strip!
4	After journeying many times to Vegas, I've finally figured it out.  When in Vegas, your choice of hotel, is extremely important.  IMO.  The activities you divulge yourself in, includes the amenties that your hotel has to offer.  Over July 4th, weekend, I stayed here at Mandalay Bay in a 2 bedroom corner suite with strip view.  And it was goooooood.  My bed super comfy, jet tub in the bathroom, and living room.  The pool was great as well.  Plenty of people gambling in the casino downstairs, the way it should be.  And while you're gambling at the table how can you turn down the free alcohol!?
2	The last time I walked through Mandalay Bay had been 5 years ago, and I remember thinking "it would be nice to stay here sometime."  And it might have been 5 years ago, maybe not so much today.  Certainly not a bad hotel, but I expected more from one of the mega hotels.On the plus side, the resort as a whole presents well on the surface.  They have several pools and a wave pool with a sandy beach, although the beach-side casino that was to open at 11 had still not opened by 11:15.  Their loss in this case.  There's an aquarium which is pretty cool, but that and the beach make Mandalay Bay more "family friendly" than I would prefer.  Although the resort is on the far end of the strip, there's a tram that runs to Luxor and Excalibur, and it's not far from there to pick up another that runs all the way to Bellagio.  These are free, but they don't run all night, so expect to take a cab if you don't feel like walking through a sea of arms offering you "trading cards."  I highly recommend this experience if you have children, however, and are looking to provide them with the complete Las Vegas experience. As for the hotel itself, the rooms are spacious, and our strip-view room actually looked down the strip, rather than across the street.  They could use some updating though.  The tub was dingy, and so was the tile of the shower floor.  There's an odd window in the bath that faces the entry to the room.  A nice peep show for room service I guess, except in my case, it would be more like a horror show.  There were double sinks, but only one was usable thanks to the disgusting gurgling and subsequent back-up we experienced on a daily/nightly basis when it wasn't even being used!  Room service was the bright spot of the hotel.  Delivery was prompt and complete, and the server was very courteous.At check-out, I was charged for a $30 bottle of vodka and a $30 spa tip in error.  While I may have tripped the sensor in the mini-bar, I'm pretty sure I was sober enough to remember I did not drink it.  After undergoing the interrogation about that, I was subjected to further interrogation about the spa tip.  Since I never went to the spa, I'm pretty certain I didn't tip anyone there.  And wouldn't it be odd that only the tip, and not the service, would be charged to the room?Although Mandalay Bay is far from being the worst hotel I've visited, it won't be on my rotation in Las Vegas.  There are just too many other better places to stay.
4	I stayed here the week of 4th of July with some family in one of the pent house suites. The hotel and room were very nice, along with the great view of the strip. I enjoyed being at the pools, my favorite being the wave pool. It is a bit annoying to have 4-5 lifeguards constantly blowing their whistles and yelling at patrons to "get behind the blue line". The Jack and Cokes I ordered were all very strong and to my liking. We did notice that our comforters had weird red stains on them. We requested to have them changed and it was done quickly. However, the night after we requested an additional blanket and new towels (which weren't changed by house keeping, and we made sure not to put the privacy sign out) it took about 1.5 hours and 2 phone calls to finally get them. Slightly annoying.On the last day, I ate at Raffles Cafe. I am incredibly picky about the food I eat. I can't look at guacamole or avocados without wanting to puke and usually do not eat eggs or tomatoes. For some reason, most likely the hangover, I wanted eggs. I forgot the name of what I ordered, but it was basically an English muffin, topped with filet mignon, and eggs benedict with a lemon sauce of some sort and potato pancakes. So delicious! I would eat it every day for breakfast if I could.Overall, I would return.
3	Was here supporting a convention the last week of June 2010.  Had a standard room that seemed a little tired, especially the carpet.  My recent stays at The Palazzo and Aria may have jaded me but Mandalay Bay is no longer the new shiny kid on the block.
5	Mandelay Bay is my favorite hotel in the whole Las Vegas! I love the wave pool and the lazy river! I reccomend Mandelay Bay for the whole family!
4	I live in Vegas, and contrary to popular thought, Vegas locals do not live in casinos!! There are occasions when we treat ourself to evenings on the Strip though, and those evenings are usually better if you do not have to drive home afterward.This past weekend was such an occasion for myself and my husband. We were seeing a concert on the Strip and I was able to get us a suite with a jacuzzi tub at Mandalay Bay on a Friday night for less then I could get a "deluxe" room at Planet Hollywood (where the concert was).  Check in at Mandalay Bay is officially 3 p.m. but we were checked into our room and relaxing on the comfortable bed by 2:30. I love when hotels are able to get people checked in early. There is a $15 a day resort fee at Mandalay Bay (MOST Strip casinos have a resort fee), one of the things you get for that fee are 2 drink coupons, which pretty much makes up for the cost by itself.  Our room was nicely decorated in brown tones with green accents, had a large bathroom with dual vanities and a huge tub. There was a view of the I-15, nothing to write home about but having a nice view wasn't something I was too concerned with. The main reason I wanted to stay at Mandlay Bay? That pool!!Only some Strip casinos allow non-guests (Vegas locals) into their pools... Many only allow them in on certain days, or for a fee. Mandalay Bay only allows non-guests into the pool during the nighttime concert series, for a fee. So this was my first time seeing the pool. And wow, is it impressive. We started out in the adult-only area, Moorea. Moorea is usually has a admission fee ($50 for men, $20 for women, even if you are staying there) but they were having a special performance by a singer so we were able to get onto a guestlist for that and get in free. (I will continue my thoughts on Moorea in a different review). The rest of the pool facilities were fabulous. So many different areas... A lazy river! Wave pool! It looked like the had a thousand chairs to sit in. And surprisingly enough, not too many screaming children. So, why am I docking a star? Thin walls. When I was finally ready to pass out around 3 am, I could heard the tv in the room next to us. Otherwise, everything was to my liking.
4	I went this past weekend for a the NAHA awards that was hosted at Mandalay Bay and it was wonderful! I have stayed her many times before but they have definitely made some great upgrades. The rooms are beautiful and very comfortable. They have a nice modern feel that hold a high standard of luxury. The pool is by far the most amazing pool i have been to in Las Vegas. They have a lazy river, large wave pool and many other smaller pools if you want other relaxing options. The pool set up makes you feel like you are literally on a beach due to the floor filled with sand. A wonderful setting to spend the day soaking up some sun rays and send some time in a perfect tempature water with family and friends or maybe your significant other. Also wonderful dining and many options too choose from!
5	After reading some of the bad reviews I am wondering where these people ate. My wife and I had one of the best restaurant experiences in Vegas we ever had. The bar tenders were great! Our bartender was named Q. Q was attentive and recommended the best steak Burrito with cheese sauce that we have ever had. He suggested a custom made cheeses sauce that was fantastic. When I did not feel the salsa was hot enough he suggested the special hot salsa from the kitchen. It is sooo hot they require you to actually sign a release for and bring it to you on a spoon.My only complaint is that they will not sell the salsa to you. Its extremely hot and addicting. So much so we went back the following day. Q waited on us again and the second bartender, John, was also very attentive and friendly. John even stayed for a short time afterwards and had a drink with us and discussed the origins of  Tequila. We will definitely go back to Hussongs next time we go to Vegas. I am still trying to figure out how to get some of their hot salsa.
1	This place is a fucking joke they never came to clean my room. i waited forty five minutes for an elevator to my room.; The pool was so crowded there was no were to even sit and enjoy myself considering they have 1 pool for 3 hotels. I had to wait 45 min to even check in to my room this place is ridiculously over priced and was the worst stay in las vegas.
4	I stayed here in April for a bachelorette party and had a GREAT experience (only docking a star b/c the Mexican restaurant we ate at was incredibly overpriced but I guess that's anywhere in Vegas).  The pool was a lot of fun - the wave pool and lazy river especially.  The staff was attentive, the rooms were GREAT, huge bathroom (bonus when you have 3 girls sharing a room) and was moderately priced.  My only other complaint is location - at the end of the strip so you need to take cabs everywhere or the tram from Luxor to PH (I think).  Otherwise - great place to stay!!
2	Just stayed at MB for the second time and it was nowhere as nice as the first time, which was about 4 years ago. In the past twelve months  I have stayed at Caesars and the Wynn, and would choose either of these two for the next time I visit.Why? Let me list the many reasons...As others mentioned, it's way too far away from everything else on the strip. Ridiculously long check in. The average time per guest on a Friday afternoon was 10 minutes. EVERY morning at 9 a.m. the maid was chomping to get in the room. That's a bit early in Vegas, people.1 towel per guest at the pool? Towels were grayish or brownish and thin. The Wynn had thick and fluffly and sparkly white ones...Lounges at the pool were neighborhood pool quality with plastic slats. I chose not to pay $25 per chair + $50 for an umbrella. The Wynn has comfy padded chairs.I'm not visiting a water park, I'm a guest at a hotel. Therefore I find it ridiculous that you have to buy tubes for the lazy river. Really poorly made tubes.  Both of ours mysteriously popped in the water the second day.In four days, I  was never approached at any point while gambling and offered a players card. Compared to the other two hotels, which sent a rep to me in the first hour I was in the casino...Also waited 30+ minutes for a server to offer or bring drinks while gambling. Again, compared to the other two which had supremely quick service.Furniture in the room was chipped, battered, worn. When we checked in, there was not a single beer in the mini fridge. It took three phone calls and three days before they stocked beer for us. They've downgraded the products they offer (shampoo/soap) since the last time we visited. They used to offer name brand stuff, now it is cheap! Elevator hallway area on our floor always HOT - like the air didn't work.Our AC in the room never budged either, no matter what we did to the settings.I had extremely fond memories from the last time but they were all wiped away after this visit.
3	I went there 10 years ago and when I go to vegas I don't go here. I went for a show at the house of blues. The rooms was $300 a person so we stayed down the street for $25. I played slots waiting for the show. On the nickel slots I spent $20 and might have won twice. I think it was 10 cent and 50cent.  I play at other places I would win fifteen or twenty times on $20. Other then that I can't say anything bad about it. I just like it to take longer to lose my money and have a room under $150.
4	Stayed here a couple weeks ago...The gal checking me in was really friendly, but their was some kind of problem with my reservation...she didn't elaborate, just smiled and said, "we're going to be upgrading your room sir".  -Fine by me!I got settled and was more than pleased with the accommodations, only downside I saw to staying here was it was more or less at the end of the strip...this can make for a challenge navigating back to the hotel room intoxicated.  Anywho...Casino was like any other for the most part, but it was nice to see that the pit bosses actually paid attention (sucks when you are betting big hands and they don't notice...think comps later).I pretty much ate at Red, White & Blue the entire time (Deli/Burger type place)...cheap and fast and the bartenders (I ate at the bar) were all really cool.I went to the Aquarium to look at the sharks and other creatures & figured what the hell...so I ponied up some $ and went diving in the 1.3 million gallon Shark Aquarium...not cheap ($650), but a pretty cool experience!The tram takes you from Mandalay Bay to the Luxor, then on to the Excalibur...so it's easy enough to get everywhere on the strip passing through hotels...just be sure to keep track of time, because if it gets too late...you'll be trekking it and if your sobriety is in question...it's a long walk!The beach area is pretty nice and the lazy river is great to unwind in, but BRING YOUR OWN TUBE, they charged some ridiculous amount of money for one!  The wave pool is decent, but the lifeguards won't let you lay down in the shallow water which is kind of lame.  Bring sandles less you want your feet to melt off....it is Nevada!The bell hops, at least the ones I encountered are pushy for tips...I'm a generous guy...but the second you pull that crap on me, you sunk your own ship.GET YOUR PLAYER'S CLUB CARD if you gamble...I got comped 6 days!I'll stay here again.
2	Mandalay Bay used to be one of my favorite Vegas places, today I find myself wishing 'if only the shiny veneer went a bit deeper'. The check in process was ridiculously long on a Wednesday afternoon, the maid service was utterly dismal (left dirty glasses all over the room), the sink in the room kept backing up, and our bill was wrong at checkout (spurring the process to almost 25 minutes). If your still reading it's worth saying that when I'm on vacation, I am not staying in a bargain basement 'super special rack rate' room which is what made this all the more a bitter pill to swallow. Hopefully they will pull it together again soon, but it's Vegas and those that fall behind soon find the wrecking ball.
1	First of all, I do understand that Las Vegas is not great for kids. But most of us do have families and it does involve kids. And why would you advertise that its family friendly. I also understand that rooms are not guarantee but I did say I have a family of four and that I needed two queen size bed. And again why would you have an option setting that will let you choose two bed or king if you not guarantee anyways. Worst an option for smoking and none. We booked our reservation two weeks before. We booked it at the Mandalay Bay online. It took about 20 minutes to check in just to find out that we were staying at "The Hotel" (now why in the world would I stay there if I booked it in Mandalay Bay). We got to our room it was only one king size bed. Again, I wouldn't mind if it was me and my husband but four people in one bed come on. Went back to the lobby with two kids and luggage was exhausting already. Waited again for a good 20 to 30 minutes. Now this was good. The two couple that was in front of me were Caucasian both were greeted with a smile. But when she saw us the smile was no where to be found. I told her that I needed two beds and a none smoking room. I told her this several times cause my son has asthma. She said sure okay I will try my best, but she said I cannot guarantee the smoke because the rooms are smoking in the Mandalay Bay. Now, that is a complete lie. You want to know why, because we stayed at Mandalay Bay before and got a two beds with no smoking. Too exhausted to complain my husband gave me the go ahead take it look. We went to the room and the smell was awful. Didn't even offer us a room spray. All night it smelled like someone was smoking inside our room. My son didn't stop coughing and of course it triggered his asthma. One thing is for sure. This review/letter will be going to there office.I will never stay/book/ in the Mandalay Bay any longer. I will never recommend them to any of my fast growing family.
3	We actually stayed at the Mirage for 2 nights, drove to the Grand Canyon for 2 days, then returned to Vegas and stayed at the Mandalay for 3 days.  It is a GORGEOUS hotel, absolutely radiates a feeling of elegance and richness.  The staff were very nice and helpful.  I requested a room near the elevators as I have a bad knee and bad back and they were very accomodating.  Check in was a breeze-- guess we caught a 'down time" and were were the only ones there.  One big problem for me:  I can only be upright for about 5 minutes before my back hurts like heck.  There was NO seating, no chairs, nothing in the lobby or nearby for quite a ways.  My back was killing me by the time we checked in.  Walking from Point A to Point B within the Hotel and Casino, I also wished there was seating available at least somewhere, it was very uncomfortable for my back.  Get some benches or seats!We scored a really low rate on Priceline, and had a room with 2 queen beds (our 17 yr. old son was with us).  Room was very spacious and pretty.  DOWNSIDES:   Our "view" was of a Motel 6 across the street and a souvenir store.  Not very pretty.  Airconditioning did not seem to work at full capacity (I was always warm in the room).  The room design was actually very stupid...   the bathroom is just next to (on the side of) the beds.  It had two swinging louvred doors, which had to be fully closed or fully opened.  If one person got up in the middle of the night to pee, the door made a horrible noise opening it up, and also the light in the bathroom would then shine on the beds, waking up your travel companions.  We did not like that at all!And as someone else mentioned, the maid was there at 8am, chomping at the bit to get in the room.  Egads, we sleep in on vacation.  We had forgotton to put out the "do not disturb" sign.  But every morning, we felt she was breathing down our necks to get in the rooms and clean.We were given a $100 credit towards getting a Pool Gazebo, which we did for one of the days we were there, and it was fabulous.  You have the "tent" Gazebo, a table and chairs for eating; 3 private lounge chairs, a flat screen TV, all the ice and water you want, free use of two pool floats, shade, privacy and a great place to hang out right by the pools.The pool area is gorgeous... But.  The "lazy river" was so SMALL!  The one at MGM is about 5 times longer.  This one was so small, that all the people using the river were bumping and banging against each other.  The "Sandy beach" had chairs only about 2" apart, and you were not allowed ot have food or drinks in there.  The wave pool was okay, but the waves were pretty tame and not so fun.  And the pool area was so darned FAR from the hotel... I enjoyed it, but not as much as I had anticipated from reading about it.Because the Mandalay is so isolated and far down the Strip, it is not at all convenient to go to other casinos/restaurants.  it is also lacking any interesting views.   One thing we liked:  the two levels for traffic coming in and out of the hotel.  The upper level by the front door is "drop off";  for leaving the hotel, getting a cab to go out, waiting for your rental car from Valet parking, etc., you use the lower, pool level.  This greatly minimized traffic backups and hassles that other casinos have at their front entrances.  At checkout, we found my husband qualified for $100 credit in food/drink.  As we were at the end of our stay, the person at the desk said "never mind, I will just give you a $100 credit off your bill":  Now that was great and appreciated!We had a last breakfast at the Raffles Cafe...  that was great.. excellent coconut pancakes, eggs benedict and lox and bagels.  Service was great, room very pretty and relaxing and service A+ from our experienced waiter.  So we had mixed feelings, but ended up liking the Mirage better, even tho the Mandalay is gorgeous.
4	Of all the resorts in Vegas, Mandalay is up there for me. Primarily because I think you get pretty decent bang for the buck. Rooms are spacious, relatively premium decor (though a little older) in a decent resort with decent restaurants (MGM is my go-to place for food). Their pool is pretty nice and during the evenings they often have concerts and other fun events.The downsides are obvious - Mandalay is farther down the strip but they do have the tram that helps. They opened theHotel but I feel like the main hotel is going to need a freshening especially as they're bunched in with Excalibur and the Luxor which are decidedly downmarket.Otherwise, I like everything else including the conference halls (which is why I'm there 99% of the time).
3	we stayed here because with the player's card, we got a very good deal to stay a couple of nights, but it's not that special.  This was my first time in the pool, but it wasn't that great.  Just felt gross in the pool with so many people.  There were absolutely NO lounge chairs because it was so packed.  The rooms were alright, but nothing great.
3	We arrived in our spa suite and it was nice and big.  It was a bit dim though.  The tub was not clean, the shelves in the bathroom was dusty, and stuffed behind a pillow on the couch was a newspaper from yesterday.  Other than that, the room was nice.  I liked having a TV in the bathroom!  The pools were nice.  They had an over 21 beach club, but they charged a $15 cover-ummmm....no.  They had "reserved seating" with umbrellas and charged $50/seat-ummm...no.  I thought it was a bit ridiculous.  Cabanas, I understand, but charging $50 for one seat?  Please.  The restaraunts were good-except for Red White and Blue-do us a favor and kick them out!    Oh and one reminder-DO NOT TOUCH ANYTHING ON THE MINIBAR!  I did like this place though overall and would stay again.
4	This is my favorite hotel on the strip. I have stayed at most hotels on the strip and they are all okay. Yea, they are close to everything on the strip but Mandalay Bay is a really relaxing, quiet place for vacation. Plus, parking is free in Vegas so we just drive to one of the hotels at the centre of the strip and walk to places and then to pick up our car when we want to go back and relax at Mandalay Bay. Mandalay Bay offers bigger room and better prices comparing to other hotels and their pool is really cool. they have man-made waves for surfers. It is a really beautiful hotel.
2	Contrary to popular opinion, Mandalay Bay is NOT all that and a bag of chips.  It's just hype, and I'm not sure the hype is all that and a bag of chips, either.   Yes, Mandalay Bay is contrived hype, with a stale premise for manipulation.* Convention Center.  Lots of natural lighting when possible so you don't feel like you're caged up in hell. Clean facilities, considerate staff.  Now if they could just figure out a way to make the room temperature more human friendly so that I don't feel like I want to shrivel up and die before the vampires get me.  * Restaurants: Meh, I've had better.  If you are going to dine finely, go to Aria for the hot new menus.  The restaurants in Mandalay Bay embody the ignorant Americanism that is Vegas - boring, ethnocentric, and bland.*Rooms: Egad Watson! These rooms suck. The pictures and the crap lighting create the perception of a nicely designed room, but it's all a house of cards underneath.  Bed sheets that don't fit properly, bath towels that feel like sandpaper against your skin, a cruel lack of bathroom countertop, chipped paint, and lame water pressure.  If I'm paying a premium for the room, I want to be able to rinse out my conditioner in 5 minutes or less.  Thanks. *Fitness Amenities - you have to pay for the gym, and the gym is not worth $20 a day - pretty small, stale air, etc.. The walking track around the pool is nice, as long as you are ok with getting run over by the hotel staff in golf carts.  I won't stay here again if I can help it! Even if there is a convention that I need to attend, I'd rather slum it in The Luxor for half the room rate and the free gym.
4	I must admit that I'm one of the very few who does not care for Las Vegas.  Came here for a quick weekend with a friend who was in need of a quick weekend getaway, and she loves Vegas.  She suggested that we stay at the Mandalay Bay because of the great pool areas.We stayed here 3 days two nights with another friend of ours who flew in from Portland.  We never left the Mandalay property all weekend long.  Didn't need to.  Everything was self contained here.  There's plenty of nice restaurants and bars to choose from.  And there's I think 4 different pool areas including a wave pool beach area, and a rapid floating pool area.  And a 21 year and older pool area which was free for the women on Saturday that we were there, and $30 for the men!  We had an okay dinner at the Border Grill.  The weekend we were there, the B52s and Blondie performed at the Mandalay Bay beach Saturday night!  Tickets were $60, but were discounted for guests staying at the Mandalay for a discounted price of $33!  The concert was great!  Especially the B52s!  They play on the stage next to the wave pool.  They shut the waves down and clear all the lounge chairs from the beach.  We watched the concert in the pool right in front of the stage!  It was awesome!Now for the rooms.  The rooms are spacious and so was the bathroom, with double sinks and a separate room for the toilet - nice touch - and a separate shower stall and jacuzzi tub.  They're not the newest rooms, but they're nicely maintained and decorated.Although I'm not a fan of Vegas, I'd definitely stay at the Mandalay again, if and when I go back to Vegas again.
5	Just got back from our 5 night stay at mandalay bay and it was a great experience.  upon checking in we were told there were no more king beds available which i didn't care about, and we were told it was a room with a great view.  for not making a big deal out of it and for apparently being a nice couple we were given $75 of room service credit because we didn't complain or ask for any free stuff.  so that was nice.  the room was outstanding and the view was amazing.  loved that i could lay in bed and look at the entire strip without having to stand up and go to the window.  i like having a tv in the bathroom and now really wish i had one at home as well.  maid service usually cleaned up before 11 am, except our last day they never made it so we just got some extra towels which was fine. the beach area was great.  we had a blast in the wave pool and the lazy river.  first day we went down was tuesday morning at 9 am, there were a ton of chairs available.  it was beyond easy to find a chair.  we would leave around 11:00 to 12:00 to go eat lunch and coming back in the afternoon we were able to get chairs every day as well.  even saturday at 9 am there were hundreds of empty chairs.  it is not nearly as bad as the flamingo in terms of needing to be down there before 9 am or being screwed on chairs.  the sand gets hotter than the pavement to walk on so bring flip flops or be prepared to run.  they do have reserved seating which is essentially just a regular lounge chair with a red pad on it for i think 50 bucks a day.  the lazy river is the fastest lazy river ive been in.  you can buy their tubes for about $25, but we opted to bring $4 tubes from target and never once were we told we could not do so.  lots of people brought in their own tubes.  the wave pool was a blast, you will hear a lot of whistle blowing as you have to move back behind a blue line before the wave comes every two minutes before you can ride it in.  it may annoy some people, but i could care less.  overall the beach was a blast.  if you hate kids running around though, you might hate this.for restaurants we ate at stripsteak which is outstanding, burger bar, and house of blues.  have a martini at red square, and if you like bloody mary's they have a really top notch one their as well.  there is a free tram from mandalay to luxor to excalibur as noted by others.  the tram does not start running until 9 am and it ends at 10:30 pm.  so basically don't expect to ride it back.  i remember years back it went 24 hours, then a year ago it cut off about midnight so within a couple years it should be closed by 5 pm each night.  overall it was a good experience.  honestly im not a huge fan of the ritzy fancy hotels like the venetian or bellagio, but i liked mandalay bay.  it was the right amount of niceness without being too fancy for me.  if i had a good deal i would stay again in the summer, but i do enjoy being a little more centrally located
2	======Based SOLELY ON CUSTOMER REP experience=====Just called Mandalay Bay to ask about their Lion King package, however the customer rep was extreme un-knowledgeable and has a really bad attitude.I asked whether or not we can pick our own seats, she replied, " i dont' know ma'am, I do not have that information." and then she raised her voice "ma'am, you would need to maker your reservation first, then we will know."I was like wo, wo wo, calm down; I dont want to make a reservation before I know the details and you dont need to raise your voice, I am just asking o.0Anyways, now I am a little skeptical about staying at Mandalay Bay so I guess I would just skip it and watch another show on strip.OH, n the name for the representative is Yolanda, just in case anyone would need to call them, beware~
2	I booked at this resort for a weekend getaway with my sisters (no kids, no husbands, all Vegas, baby.) It was my first choice because we went in August and I had heard that their pool and beach were the best on the Strip. It was a bit of a disappointment. At check in, I wanted to ask about an upgrade to a larger room, but was flatly refused anything other than a standard 550 sq ft 2 queen room. All suites were booked, nothing available larger than the above. As soon as I got to the room, I tried to book a cabana for the next day. They had 2 options: one was $325 and the other was $500. This is significantly more than I paid for the room! We decided to take our chances on finding shade. When we went to the pool on Saturday, we could not find a place to sit. Every chair was taken and we ended up folding up our things and piling them in a corner so we could go in the pool. It was not a high-end luxury experience to say the least. Later in the afternoon, we found some chairs in a remote pool area, but it certainly wasn't anything like what I expected. Before booking, I had pictured drifting along the lazy river in a tube, but I never even went in the lazy river. It was full of rambunctious kids and little infants. No thanks. That evening after dinner, we went to one of the casino bars. I put money in the video poker machine, and we ordered and paid for a round of drinks. When I was ready for another drink, I asked the bartender and he refused to serve me unless I bet the maximum on the machine. I didn't even know what he was talking about. The dude was seriously rude and I was completely baffled. To this day, I don't know why he was so unfriendly. As I said, we'd already bought drinks, I had paid to play, my cute younger sister was up on the dance floor dancing with some dorky bachelor party guys. Why would he be so rude? Fortunately, there are many, many bars in Vegas, so we moved on quickly. Everywhere else we went, staff and other customers were friendly, hospitable and fun. Overall, we had a great vacation, and Mandalay Bay didn't ruin it, but I definitely wouldn't recommend it for a girls getaway. Maybe for families with kids it's fun.
4	I like staying here because the rooms are consistently clean with good sheets & nice towels.They have bonus Paigow here - YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY!  I won some money back on Paigow, Wheel of Fortune $1 slots & the Sex & the City penny slots.  AWESOME!The restaurants downstairs are just okay - The Noodle Shop (didn't make it here on this trip), Raffles Cafe, Red White & Blue, etc.  There is a higher end Strip Steak and Aureoles (sp?  I didn't wanna spell areola like the nip...oh well I just spelled it here LOL) but we didn't try these out this time.I guess being an MGMMirage players card member - I get better deals at the other hotels, but I like Mandalay with or without the players card discount.  The general service provided by the staffers is always on the higher end of good service and that keeps me coming back.
2	10:00pm we arrive to be told housekeeping had not gotten to our rooms yet (although later in trip a late check out was not possible), how could a room still not be cleaned by 10 pm? We later learned that this is a trick as they offer you $75 voucher to spend in the casino telling you they will call you when your room is ready, which they do not bother to do as they want you to just continue spending money at the casino. I was here for a convention and spent serious dough on this trip and wanted to be rested for the presentation so we had a drink and went to the room and went in. I like to be awoken with a pot of coffee but no one answered the phone at room service... ever that night. The next night they said I could have the coffee and breakfast but it would have to be at 6am as the hotel was filled to capacity. Anyone heard of unemployment? The toilet wouldn't flush (embarrassing since bunking with a coworker). The shower door was loose and near falling off the hinge. Decor was worn. Bed was comfortable and pillows were nice. The design of the sidewalk in the place was ridiculous... made to look like bronzed prehistoric fossil stuff. I say people tripping the first day and thought wow good thing I'm not walking in stilettos like these chicks. Next day i am in sensible shoes and rip my ankle really bad...ouch. I am still suffering from it 6 weeks later. What kills Me is security is getting me a medic and I hear him on the radio say.."we have another one down on the sidewalk". The restaurant food here is good but just don't expect room service. I did not think it was worth the money. I expected a nicer than average place for the few hundred we were spending. I even have vouchers from my am ex points (they wouldn't let me use them on this date I find out after I redeemed the points) for 2 free nights stay but no thank you I would rather stay home. LISTEN TO THE REVIEWS ON THIS SITE AND GO SOMEWHERE ELSE! They never even asked how my stay was???
2	I just came back from there. I was staying there because the Miss Universe Pageant was there and I was doing some biz with the pageant and it was being held there. The room was gross. there was scuff marks on the ceiling. I HAVE NO IDEA how that happens. The grout in the shower was moldy.  There was a HUGE stain on the sheets and there was dust on the headboards.The hotel had sand tracked thru it from people coming and going to their fake beach.I will admit I have high standards about cleanliness. So if you do to, Mandalay Bay will not cut the mustard.
3	I rarely discuss something by simply, blatantly pointing out positives and negatives. The process is too scientific: I either wind up anxiously attempting to balance both sides or I end up spattering out something with bigger words that I think makes me sound smart (that doesn't work. see 99% of my reviews).  I'm a fan of this process though.  It's a great way to tell people what's good and bad, without trying to provide some sort of interesting, figurative prose that interests no one. After my long yelp tenure, I think I've finally found the place to practice this.  Here goes:Pros: -Big room-Smelly good casino-Good fancy restaurants-Provides many opportunities for me to become gamblor, king of losing money-Attached to other casinos-Hubert Keller-Pretty kick-ass pooling area-Proximity to Fat Tuesday. -House of BluesCons:-Furniture in the room was chipping-Aforementioned chipping and carpet stain unfortunately aged the room-Overly crowded-My inability to request a late check out, even after paying a premium for a suite and an added resort fee-A lengthy wait on the phone to inquire about late check out-Proximity to other casinos-Lack of cheap food court for drunken-consumption of terrible food-Out of place tattoo shopOkay, I tried.  Stay here, or don't. I don't think I'm too good at this.
3	Nice hotel, nice rooms but on the small side. They need more affordable food on site, something like the grand lux at the Venetian would be great. It's located on the end of the strip which means it's kind of out of the way as far as getting around the strip. I think next time we will stay at the Venetian for this reason, location and food. The wave beach is a plus for kids, ours loved it but for a couple of days then the other factors out weight the pool. The gym is ok, it's small though. They don't have a lot of machines for it can get busy.
4	Stayed here with a friend last September and had the best time.  Room was lovely and our view was the Strip.  It's pretty far from everything, but worked out fine for us.  One goal was to maximize the pool time, so searched for a hotel to satisfy that.  Loved baking in the sun then having so many pool options to choose from.  Real sand beach was awesome!  Didn't end up having time to spend at the adult (topless) Moorea Beach Club (they were closing soon and still wanted $20 from us) and some of the patrons were more of a Jersey Shores type, but still wanted to go!Got pierced around 11:00 at the Starlight Tattoo shop conveniently located right at the hotel, then headed right out for a night of fun! A few friends stay here every visit, and I think I'll do the same - unfortunately a Vegas trip is not in the cards right now :(
5	Beautiful hotel, my favorite on the strip. Understated elegance and large rooms. Everything is always immaculate and well done, and I love the food options here. I've always had a terrific time when I've stayed at Mandalay Bay.
4	first i would like to inform you that i hate vagas. everyone is amazingly unhappy. the only people you see smiling are beyond drunk or trying to get something from someone. it creeps me out. plus, what the hell is that fake car air freshener they pump into the casinos that is supposed to make the cigarette smell better but just makes it worse? yeeks! revolting!ok, on that happy note i have to say that the best part of vegas is inside the mandalay. the rooms are big, clean, and comfy. the air is way less stinky in the casino part and perfectly pleasant everywhere else. they do a good job with air quality and noise pollution as well. worth the extra bux to make your stay pleasant. the only gripe i had with the place which makes me give them 4 instead of 5 stars is that the pools close at 7:30pm :{if i have the un-fortune to have to go back again i am not leaving the mandalay grounds next time. this place is an oasis in the pit that is las vegas. yeay mandalay!
5	I would like to say that every time I go to Vegas I'll be staying here, but because I haven't stayed in all the other hotels that I want to try, I can't. However, Mandalay Bay will always be high on my list, and only a great deal at another resort can get me to move my reservation plans.The overall hotel is what you expect when you go to vegas, and it's definitely worth the added cost in my opinion. Not to mention the great amenity of the beach! That's reason enough to stay here!
4	Older hotel, but excellent promos going on for the still up to date hotel. I got the one night stay with 20% all items billed to the room and VIP pass to the lounges and pools. but since Vegas in general is dying, there's barely await anywhere. I don't like the fact that the hotel is the beginning of the strip while all the new hot places are at the top/middle of the strip by Wynn and Venetian. I like this place, but if you can afford try Encore or Palazzo, you'll feel like royalty! I minus a star for the awful parking situation. I got the view suite GR 650 (i think), it's like a fantasy "I would like to have this as my apartment in LA" type of room. Beautiful view of the strip!
5	A place I will always enjoy and will always be top on my list when I search for hotels in Vegas. I have always had a great experience at any of my stays at Mandalay Bay. I come to Vegas often (like twice a month) and when choosing hotels, Mandalay Bay is always my top choice. I checked in on Friday September 10th around 4pm and the lines weren't really busy. I always gamble at this hotel, so I am always instructed to check in at the Players Club line.  The desk clerk was really nice and accommodating. In the notes on my account from the casino host, I requested a high floor with a strip or pool view and he was able to make that happen. I stayed on the 33rd floor with a view of the strip. He also noticed that my mom was disabled so he put us in a room that was pretty close to the elevator as well. I love Mandalay's rooms. Comfortable beds, really nice bathroom with tv, flat screen in the room, really good snacks (for a fee) (side note: you can go downstairs and right off the elevator there's a ton of goodies)I did request bathrobes in the room, but when I arrived at the room, they were not there. I called the front desk and within 20 minutes, they had someone send up a pair. The pool area is really nice. Its great for kids, families and couples. They have various pools you can choose from (lazy river, huge pool in the west lagoon, wave pool and also Moorea Beach Club (for adults only!) Casino floor is huge! Tons of slot machines but spread out. (which is a good thing) I'm a baccarat player so the Salons at all MGM casinos are always up to par! The sportsbook is live as well. Overall, I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a 5 star hotel that you can relax, have fun, meet good people and get in some good gambling. I always said that if I moved to Vegas, and Mandalay was renting rooms, I'd stay here. :)
1	I wish I could give them zero stars.  This place is going down hill fast!!!  First off, I come to Vegas about 3-4 per year and usually stay here or the THEhotel.  I'll pass on Mandalay from now on.  Here was my experience this weekend.SPA:I always stay her because the spa was fantastic, now its just like going to Burke Williams, minus the discount.  If you are going to be cheap about what provide for snacks, have it reflect in your prices as well.  I'm paying over $600 for treatments and I'm going getting an apple and lemon water?  Are you joking?  Try harder.  I was stiff walking in, I left with a permanent crick in my neck.Business Center:Ummm, since when do you get charged a fee to have your luggage shipped before hand?  You charged me $15 dollars for your associate to kick my box to the front?  So I paid for the shipping and bad service.  Wow.Rooms:Still roomy, but the chipped furniture is a turn off.As much as I loved staying at Manadalay Bay in the past, this will be my last visit to this hotel.
4	Gorgeous rooms! Updated contemporary decor. Flat screen in the bathroom, very luxurious! Always excellent service, there are plenty of restaurants to choose from. Not that many smokers. The rooms are spacious and beautiful, one of my favorite place to stay!
4	Very nice. bed is very soft and comfortable room is very clean.
4	This is one of my favorite casinos- it's gorgeous inside. The layout of the casino isn't complicated. The walkways aren't narrow. The tropical feel inside is welcoming- I love that. The pool looks really fun- there are concerts in the summer (surf, beach sand). I've been to the events center for a boxing match- comfortable, but the crowd is pretty crazy, walking from the center to the parking garage is a slow trek. The parking garage is fairly easy to navigate. I've been to the Shark Reef several times- love this attraction and highly recommend it. It's approximately 1.5 hours, but don't rush through the stations and listen to each number on the self-tour. Discount for locals. The shops are the only disappointing part of this whole casino; like a ghost town with all the empty spaces, although there are two shops worth going to- Urban Outfitters and Lush. Ok, and this icy bar (think ski jackets) was featured on the travel channel once, which is somewhat appealing. But I don't like snow. Not for me.
4	Mandalay Bay is one of my favorite hotels in Las Vegas.  The check-in lobby is very bright and airy, the dealers are friendly, and the rooms are nice.  On the few occasions that I have been invited to check-in at the VIP lounge behind the double doors, it is by far the nicest check-in area that I have been to.  The service reps are dressed in jacket and skirts, and they are super polite.The big draw in the summer is the pool, and here's something worth mentioning: not even the Four Seasons guests get pool privileges at Mandalay Bay.  The wave pool definitely seems to be the most crowded.  If you time it right and swim hard, you definitely can get a free push down 1/2 the length of the pool.  Or, you can swim in the lazy river and feel like you are as fast as an Olympic swimmer.  The one weakness at Mandalay Bay is the food.  I've eaten at Raffles, the Noodle Shop, Red White & Blue, and the buffet, and none of those meals were particularly memorable.  The Strip Steak restaurant is kind of a splurge place for me at nearly $90-$100 per head, but it was quite good.Parking is quite a bit better now that they installed those clever escalators in the structure.  If you're driving from Los Angeles, the Frank Sinatra exit practically brings you to the doorstep of Mandalay Bay without making unnecessary turns towards the Strip.  This is a great casino hotel in Vegas!
5	When you first walk into the entrance and lobby it gives you the feeling like you will be treated like royalty.  It's amazingly over the top with premium decor everywhere.  Prompt and polite response from bell desk, baggage service, valet, room service, dealers, casino hosts, and cleaning crew.  Rooms were nice and large.  Huge bath.  Sheets were clean.  Wife loved the spa.  The pool is amazing.  Aquarium was just okay.  The casino is a hopping fun place.  The party pit area is a blast.  If you've been to LV a few times you realize it makes sense to stay in the same casino area for most of your trip, and this place has it all.  If its your first time, you may want something more central.  Make a point to visit Mix Lounge, very much worth it.
4	If you can book a sale or deal, the room prices really aren't that bad. Had a room on the 23rd floor with a view of the pool area. Beautiful view with the mountains in the background. Clean rooms, nice facilities, high end casino. Huge property. Took us a few days just to figure out where everything was and how to get to where we needed to go without getting lost. Prices in all of the stores are steep. Good restaurants. Would definitely stay here again. In fact, looking forward to coming back.
4	Got to say, from the gold exterior, I didn't know what I was getting into when I heard our conference was here. But turns out Mandalay is very nice in a not Miami-trashy-classy kind of way. Sure, the convention center is hard to navigate, but the food options are pretty good (short of House of Blues and their overcooked burgers) and the decor is nice.When I go back I'll probably stay here opposed to the MGM.
5	Stayed two nights; but had two reservations. First night; non smoking standard room. Room was do able; clean for what it was.Next Morning, checked out, at 7 am. Able to check into another room at 7:30amTwo beds, we said ok, fine.drop our things, an leave.come back, someone had taken a shower? room was dirty (bathroom)maintenance had gone in. confused, lady did not feel safe, room change, after our keys didn't work. new room, keys did not work again, (3rd time all the to lobby with luggage )headache turn into romance; a upgrade to penthouse suite 1050sv , floor 62. WOW! def. can tell the difference with penthouse. amazing room, bed, shower etc. The great thing was the private elevators , not waiting at each floor, also no neighbors slamming an partying all night. Made our stay.
4	There's good and bad things about this hotel...Very spacious lobby and entrance, extemely clean and luxurious rooms. There's also a lot to do at this hotel. Can't forget the beach!! There's also great places to eat (wine and dine) here.The downside, is probably the location. It's pretty much at the end of the strip... ON THE OTHER SIDE of where everything happens. So that means most of the time the hotel/casino is dead and not many people are around... kind of gives off the "boring" vibe and what not.
4	One of the greatest hotels on the Las Vegas Strip. To add to my trip...its a BUSINESS TRIP. I get Per Diem and I get paid to attend. Woot. I am glad to be exhibiting Mandalay Bay  Convention Center and stay at Mandalay Bay Hotel. This review may not be lengthy due to the fact that I was there for 3 days and no way I am going to do step by step, but I will do my best. My boss and I arrived at Mandalay Bay around 12:30. We had to go check in with the convention center to drop off our cargo for the show. The convention center has many floors with many ballrooms. I won't state what convention due to security reasons, but there are a lot of business people attending at various floors. There are 3 floors, but each floor has like thousands of ballrooms. After we checked in, our hotel agent, Jessica, was very lovely. She joked around with my boss and tried with me, but I was serious about having my boss getting a key for my room. Thank you Jessica for our stay. Both my boss and I got got separate rooms for the 11th floor. I'll upload my photos, but there are 460 reviews...I think you know its a great hotel.The hotel overall is wonderful except when it rains with lightning. Great thing our convention and room was under one hotel. The Convention staff helped us from Day 1 to the end. Food from the Mandalay Staff was AWESOME and I swear they spent over millions of dollars for our convention. Met great staff like the Security Agent Alicia. Alicia joked with me from not having my badge to not having talked to her. Sweet lady!!Overall...you would forget that you were in Las Vegas, except the fact that you hear people shouting and slot machines making noises every second. I'll be back in Vegas for my mother's birthday. I didn't win this time, but lets see about next month. :)Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
4	We got the "600 square foot Spa suite". Let me tell you the room was spacious and contemporary decorated. The bed was comfortable with nice pillows and a light duvet cover. I love the matching shutter-doors for the closet and bathroom. One of the closet has a safe, to store valuables, proven to be very useful. The bathroom has a big square "spa tub", with a double sink, glass door shower and enclosed toilet. There's even a flat screen tv on the wall between the sink, which I thought was unnecessary.  We also got a "late checkout" of 1pm. It good to request that when checking in....We look forward to our next visit...!
3	I would return here just for the pool and the lazy river.
4	I attend a yearly conference at the Mandalay Bay convention center and have stayed at the Mandalay Bay hotel as well. I used to stay at the Luxor and take the tram but I could not deal with the delays and BS. Once I even stayed at the Excalibur (Crap-calibur)......I said once, will never again. That was my fault for waiting too long to confirm my trip. I can no longer tolerate Vegas for more than my yearly visit of a week (5-6 days) and even that pushes my limits. But the Mandalay really helps me deal with the situation. It is a not a gaudy tourist trap like other places. My trip this year started with a delay leaving LA so when I arrived in Vegas I was ready to hit the bar, one snag was my requested large King was not available. The young lady at check-in was adamant that I take a double bed room and maybe check later in the week for something else. Yeah right. I was booked all week starting the following day (Sunday 8 am) with conferences back to back. Meals are for networking and getting deals done, so no chance to break away. And I had my girl coming to stay with me during the week. I asked to speak with a supervisor, the young lady disappeared to the back office, reemerged a few minutes later to let me know they found a room with my requested specifications. Great! I thanked her completed check in and went to the room. Housekeeping was just finishing, room high up was spacious and well cooled since it was boiling the evening I checked in. The bed was very comfortable, high count linen and big fluffy pillows. There was a nice small desk in one corner and the other a small sofa and table. A touch lamp in the middle. The bathroom had his and hers sink and a great tub for two. The suite was larger than my first apartment. The TV had external inputs locked out; boooo. During the conference one night I had some reading to do from the next day's sessions so I had room service, the food was actually good. I had a Kobe beef burger, very juicy. Also hit the bar for drinks, not bad. What I really like is that Mandalay has an area between itself and Luxor that has shops and restaurants. We had a meal at Burger Bar, shopped at Fredrick's and The Art of Shaving. I went to the lounge upstairs which was decent, nothing special. All good stuff. I had dinner and lunch at a few of the restaurants in the Mandalay Bay, my girl did get a massage at the spa. She said it was relaxing. I also recommend Fleur de Lys for formal dining and red, White and Blue in addition to Burger Bar for casual. The valet experience was positive, no wait each time I went to retrieve my car. They did change policy. I can no longer call from my room to have the car ready when I arrive downstairs. Luggage porters were all great. On check out we had a small Asian woman, I wanted to help her load the cart but she was like a demon, she got the job done in a blink of an eye. Check out was easy, no problems. Next year I will budget for a suite at The Hotel. Stay here if you are going to be at the Mandalay convention center. The walk is easy and there is a Starbucks on the way, just be warned everyone goes there in the morning, the lines are outrageous.
3	Although I do enjoy staying at the Mandalay Bay, I have been spoiled as I usually get to stay at THEHotel from time to time and they are night and day. The room was nice but they make it very clear that if you touch anything on that mini bar, you will automatically be charged because it is weighted. (A friend of mine learned that lesson quickly) Less just say that  housekeeping could at least dust the stuff that is on the mini bar because lord knows how long it has been sitting there. The carpet could use a thorough cleaning and although the linens were "clean" they did have stains that made you wonder just how clean they were. No matter how many times they changed the sheets, each one had stain somewhere. At any rate, it is a decent hotel and even though there is a $15 resort fee, at least it also includes the cardio room, free wireless internet and two free drink tickets. Plus the price of the room was fabulous. Will I stay again, yup but alas I will still wish I was at THEHOTEL! (Just cannot always afford it lol)
4	What can I say about Mandalay Bay that hasn't already been said?  It's a great hotel that caters to more of an adult crowd and not the rowdy and obnoxious drunks that you will find just a few doors down.My friend and I were in town for the PBR (professional bull riding) event that was going on at the Thomas and Mack Center.  We checked in early around noon and they let us have our room right away even though check in was at 3pm.  And that worked out great since we had such a crappy night being caught in a terrible hail storm and then getting ripped off for a terrible motel in Baker...and getting a speeding ticket in the morning.  Hell yeah Mr. Officer you'd be speeding towards Vegas too if you had the night I had.  Needless to say we were ready to relax and unwind.We just got their standard room , nothing too fancy since we were only going to be there for a few nights.  But even their basic room was nice and our room had a view of their pool.  The hotel has a nice gaming floor with plenty of slots machine to play and tables too.  Only weird thing was that in the part of the hotel that leads out to the shops they had a few gaming tables where they had almost naked women "dancing" to music right next to the tables.  It was like watching a stripper show.  I bet those guys lost all their money...suckers!!!We ate at a few of the restaurants and we only had a bad experience at one.  If you go to the Mandalay I can't recommend enough that you need to visit the "Border Grill".  It's really good food but a little on the high side...but what the hell...it's Vegas!  One thing that I don't like is their "resort fees" of $15.00 a day.  And for that you get free Internet, free gym access and a free drink at a bar.  I'd rather have my $15.00 and I'll decide what amenities I want to spend it on, if any.  They also charge tax on the resort fee!  What is that about?  I hate being nickeled and dimed.  So my $69.00 room comes to $94.00...which is O.K. but just state that as your price!  Other than that I'll be back and I look forward to being able to stay here on a longer trip!
4	"Why are there boobs in the middle of the walkway?"As I posed in front of the massive plastic breasts, a Chinese guy walked by and told my mom that "your son like a big boobs"... hahaYup, in between the Event Center and the Main Casino, there are huge plaster mannequin boobs outside of an Asian Restaurant.  I think you should do what I did and take a picture with them :-)This place is pretty lavish.  High quality restaurants around and such.  The buy in for Texas Hold 'em was $100 just to give you an idea!  Pretty expensive place to gamble, but the hotel itself including all the amenities is pretty beautiful!  Personally speaking, this is a great casino, but you'll find me gambling on the opposite side of the strip on the Circus Circus side with my $2 foot long hot dog :-P
2	I'm a kid that goes by the rules of No drinking, no gamblingI was offered a room on the 19th floor with "a view of the strip".Psh. I couldn't see sh*t. I could barely see a bit of the strip if I squished my face onto the glass.I had a good view of the middle of nowhere and a barren airport. Fun. :/The room was clean.***Everything in the fridge/ snack bar is weight-sensitive so even if you slightly MOVE the items it will automatically charge your credit card.***The pool area was nice tho.The wave/tide pool is over-rated since the waves only form every 5 min or so.The lazy river was nice.The pools I liked because they were 4 ft deep thus I couldn't drown :Dyay for being considerate to shorties that can't swim.I saw the musical the Lion King here. The theatrical representation was pretty cool.But they will jip you on the stale cold popcorn so don't get it!Oh, and bring your own waters. I got charged 6 bucks for a small bottle of water at the pool area.The air in the rooms is pretty bad. Smoky and stale. (and I got a non-smoking room)Its like living in a nicer, more maintained version of a college dorm.Oh, and DO NOT eat at The Noodle Cafe downstairs. Worst Asian Food I EVER had
4	Just back for 2 nights away & loved our experience, except for the lame front desk follow through.  We spent every minute & every dollar here for almost 3 days, (which included an awesome suite, 2 gamblers, all meals from breakfast buffet to their finest restaurants, drinks by pools, shopping, etc).  We loved it all & found no need to leave.  The only boo we give is because we called the front desk 3 times for 3 reasons (2 menu books but no activities book, even though one was labeled activities.  Also no bottle opener & front desk insisted it was there but would send one.  40 min later we called again & said it was handled.  Never showed....).We are planning another March visit w/ friends & had planned to return & will but likely spread our wings a bit.
2	Ugh. If your'e going to pay this much for a hotel, I'd expect much better. For the quality of service and accommodations you could've gotten something very similar for much less. My coworker and I stayed here for a convention and we got a 2 bedroom suite. You would think at 400$ a night the suite would be nice and big and clean but no, think again. It was really small and dirty!! There was this weird red stain on one of the lamps, the floors were dirty and the room just had a weird feel to it. Also, the hallway outside smelled really bad!! It smelled like an airplane terminal...like really stale and musty. Also, I called in at night to request a toothbrush and it took like about an hour and half to bring one up. I called and called and each time they said they would be there in a minute..... ughThe only thing redeeming about this place was Border Grill restaurant. It was really good food.
4	I'll be staying here again and not just because I attend the yearly Pool and Spa convention at the event center. The staff were all very nice and professional - particularly the sweet little housekeeper on our floor. Loved the spa and fitness center - we're pool guys, and one thing about pools guys is they never get in any public hot tub (we know too much ...). Well, Sam made an exception here - 3 days in a row! I copied this from another review "Everything in the fridge/ snack bar is weight-sensitive so even if you slightly MOVE the items it will automatically charge your credit card" - True, but if you want to keep your own food or drink cool, just call down to the desk and they'll bring you a little fridge.It's the southernmost property on the strip and a bit of a walk to some venues - most cab fares are $10+. Here's a tip: Use the tram from the Mandalay Bay to the Excalibur then cross the street (actually 2 streets) to the MGM Grand and walk through the resort to catch the Monorail. Buy a multi-day pass (about the same as one cab ride)
2	The 2 bedroom suite I stayed at was in dire need of an update and thorough cleaning. We rearranged one of the chairs and there was trash underneath that had not been swept up. There were random stains on things and my bathroom door was missing a doorknob, and one of the throw pillows had broken buttons on it. These are all minor details, but at $400 a night at a pretty highly regarded hotel, you would expect more, right? We did stay on the 3rd floor -- I suspect that the suites on the high floors would be much nicer, but I'm not sure. A good tip would be to request a high floor if possible! We opted to take the 3rd floor suite so we could check in earlier.
4	From time to time my job requires I attend conferences and they are usually at one of the Hotel/Casino's. Since I am a local, it's rare that I would actually stay in one of the guest rooms, but since I attend an average of six of these a year or more in the Las Vegas area, I know the best conference rooms and best breakfast set ups. Today I was at Mandalay Bay.   At the larger hotels, its easy navigation for self parking, or in some cases I will utilized the valet services. Once inside the casino its a walk to the conference center, but the event I am attending usually has signs posted so it's not hard to find which conference room to go to. Dependent on the budget and the sponsors for the program, there will be a very decent breakfast set up with fresh fruits, yogurt, pastries, muffins, coffee, juice and tea. It's usually self serve and very fresh. I like going early to enjoy a hot cup of tea and get the first selections of pastries. The conference rooms are very spacious and even with a few hundred people in attendance, they all utilize super size big screens and audience participation devices that are set up at each table, so there really isn't a bad seat. At breaks, you take a walk down to the casino and drop in a few coins on your favorite slot, and return just in time to hear the next guess speaker. Overall, I have to admit these types of conferences are rather enjoyable to go to since there is built in entertainment just a few steps away.
1	I had such bad service at Mandalay Bay, I was compelled to log onto yelp and write my first review. I've had a few days since returning home from Vegas, so I've had some time to cool off. I took this trip with girlfriends, and it wasn't exactly my thing, but I can go with the flow and drink and gamble a night a way! It was 4 AM and we were meeting back up and heading back to our room. I had a different little handbag for the evening, with only my wallet and new iPhone 4 in it. Since this bag doesn't close well, I'm thinking my phone slipped out at the last slot machine I was at - good thing it wasn't my wallet. Anyway, this nice older man gave my husband a call. He was funny and seemed so proud to have found this phone! I'm sure they made fun of me, and I'm SO NOT that stupid drunk girl - I never lose stuff like this. Anyway, he said, he was going to leave my phone at the front desk.Long story short - next day, I go by the front desk. I believe I spoke with Randy, who was uber-rude that I was not there to check in. I told him the situation, and he said, if he were in my shoes, he would go to lost and found. Fine, I said - sounds logical - can you tell me where that is? Rolling his eyes, he explains that I can't go there, I have to go back to the casino, to the security desk and have them call L&F. If you've never been to Vegas, these hotels are ginormous! I don't know where to go exactly - thanks for being a friend Randy! So, I go find said security desk - no love there. I ask to use their phone to call my phone, and the guy starts asking me where I'm calling. Its freakin' Mandalay Bay, in a casino, where I can literally hear them making $$!! Worry, about my little call - re-damn-diculous! I'm now convinced that the nice old guy, who could've taken my phone and not called my husband, took my phone to the front desk - where it was somehow stolen by a MB employee on its way to the Lost & Found. Shit happens - it just won't happen to me again at Mandalay Bay, because I'm not about to go back and deal with jerks like Randy.
5	Classy place; classy prices....
5	First and foremost... Thank you sis for hooking it up with this room!Never stayed here before so I really didn't know what to expect... and of course, always expect the unexpected (from the nephew's Backyardigans!)I think we just got a standard room but it didn't look like a standard... it was very spacious. It seemed like it fell under the "600 SS" and or the "750 GR" but whatever it was... it was nice and roomy and the nonsmoking room didn't really smell like smoke! King size bed was comfy as well as the sheets... bathroom was spacious... bathtub was good to soak and relax... plus it had TV so I managed to watch... of course... ESPN... while soaking.Plus having the strip view... awesome!Not sure how pricey it really is since it was taken cared for by the sis but service and hospitality... can't complain!
5	Okay...it may be the furthest one out but I dug it!Comfy beds....HUGE bathroom and fast elevators. ( I have claustrophobia issues)Hey....if you walk up to the front desk and tell them that there's a drunk guy in his underwear locked out of his room on the 5th floor and they don't even BLINK.......FIVE STARS!!!!
4	Gorgeous place to be in.One of the newest around so everything is beautiful...Love to go back soon.
5	Came today for Cowboy Market Place, I have been to the convention center for the same in the past, so we thought we'd check out Mandalay this time. First, let me say the vender's are great, there are so many goods, but the walk from the parking garage to the exhibits are way too long. I felt I had gotten a workout by the time you park, get the exhibits and walk each isle, and head back to the car, I probably put in 3 miles. I need the work out, but with slow and older relatives with you, it seemed a bad idea. There are places to rest, which we took advantage of, but we should have use the wheel chair. As for the vender's, all I can say is WOW! There is so much bling, the sparkle is so bright, it's blinding. There are shirts, shoes, belts and buckles with rhinestones. You can find jackets and hats, sweat shirts and jeans, boots and lanyards covered with them. It's a nice way to pick up some holiday gift ideas as well. It' s here only for a limited time, so be sure to get down to check it out.
4	Non hotel guest review:Although I have stayed here, both at The Hotel and Mandalay Bay, it was a while ago (over 6 years ago) so I really can't comment on the rooms.  I've been to parties in some of the nicer suites and I would highly recommend it if you've got the money.That being said, I really enjoy this property and have a lot of fond memories.  The property has a nice design that has lasted the test of time (or the test of time for Las Vegas - aren't things imploded after 12 years here?). Mandalay Place seems to be struggling a bit, but it's a great place to get some unique gifts.  Urban Outfitters is easily accessible from the Mandalay Place valet and is a good place to quickly pick up a gag gift for an acquaintance or a friend.  Lush, which sells handmade bath products, is also a pretty cool store. I like that the place keeps reinventing itself, with Eye Candy and the dancers on stage above the blackjack tables.  What gives with that anyway?  I've been at the property at 8am for a haircut and the dancers are still going (starting?) and the tables are packed!It's a nice place to just come and chill out in one of the lounges.  They do a good job with their conventions and the Rock n' Roll Marathon.  The two Starbucks are a nice touch.  My only complaint is that the ticket booths for events don't sell all the tickets to all the shows and seem to close at odd hours.  You have to go to the ticket sales area by the sports book all the time to buy or pick up any tickets, even if the event is on the other side of the property.  But all in all, a great property!
4	The first most memorable experience I have to mention is how the check in agent who is originally from Hawaii really liked us when we greater him w/ Aloha & he therefore treated us to an amazing upgraded suite!!! The check in experience and upgrade room made my first experience at this resort extra special!!  This is one of my favorite hotel casino for families! This place has the best wave pool and lazy river ride but you need to buy your own tubes! The pool area is extensive and we usually found a place w/  sun until 3pm on the right hand side. I loved that the pools seemed cleaner than what I have experienced at other resorts in Vegas! ( very important to me as a lifeguard & mother)Also remember  to show your room key at check in to pool area along w/ an inspection of any big bags u carry in! The Mandalay is HUGE so it's very easy to get lost & seems to take extra long to travel throughout hotel! The garage and hotel lobby are at opposite ends & one can become very distracted by the many shops, restaurants, and casino games you have to travel past to get to the lobby area. The hotel has a wonderful tropical feel w/ an amazing fish tank in the lobby area. It is a nice distraction for the kids if the lines are long and boring at the front desk!
4	Stayed in a suite at the Mandalay Bay for SEMA and we were very happy with our experience.  Check in was smooth and we were even able to get our Lion King tix as we were checking in, for that night!The suite was huge, and we had a wonderful view of the strip.  Very clean, large bedrooms and bathrooms.  We got a great deal on the suite, and were happy we went with a larger room, as we were traveling with a 5 week old.  We were able to make our reservations for a Birthday dinner at Stripsteak over the phone, which was quick and simple.My only recommendation- for the folks staying in the more expensive rooms, there should be an express check out line.Lots to do on the Mandalay campus, plenty of restaurants and shopping.We would stay here again!
4	I used Mandalay Bay for check-in, but only because the Casino didn't appear in the list.  I've stayed at the hotel, too, but over a year ago.  Next time I'll write that review.  Meanwhile, I'm off to search for the Casino!
3	I wish they took the Southeast Asian theme to the next level (beyond, say, orchids) b/c I frikkin love Southeast Asia. It's a nice hotel, if a few years outdated. The aquarium should NOT have charged like $17 for entry. The shark tank in the lobby's a nice touch!
4	This review is mostly for the casino itself.  It's nice.  Clean.  Easy to navigate through.  You don't get lost in here.  Not that it's a bad thing if you do.  The casino floor is well kept.  You feel like this is a more upscale hotel than most other ones.  You WANT to gamble (and lose money) here.I've stayed at THEHotel in the past and it was a 5 star experience.  But it was a year ago so I can't really review it well.  So like I mentioned before, this review is for the casino itself.
4	Other than the Wynn, I think this is one of the most beautiful hotel/casinos on the strip.  I stayed here for my 21st birthday with three other girls, and I had an absolutely amazing time.  I also stayed here for a friend's birthday, and I had a wonderful time then as well.   Since then, I've made an effort to stop by the Mandalay Bay casino on a couple of occasions when I've stayed at other places because I love it.   The only problem with the Mandalay Bay is that it is ALL the way on one side of the strip.  It makes the cab rides a lot longer and a bit more expensive.
4	I would've given this hotel a 5 star if not for their promotions that seems to be a bit misleading and their surcharge of $18 or so per day for Internet, newspaper, etc.  It's mandatory so you can't escape these surcharges.  Also, read the "small fine prints" on their promotions they send you on e-mails.  Per day = per day and per stay = the entire stay and not every day of the stay.  Got a promo for booking 2 nites for 2 all day buffets and ended up getting just a all day buffets for 2 but not for the 2 nites, just the entire time you are there.  There is a similar promo that I had previously but on the small fine prints on the very bottom says per day not per stay.  Just a word changes and you'll end up paying more to eat...  Oh well, learn the hard way.  Prices aren't too bad for a decent hotel and room, but don't forget to add $18 and taxes for each night you are staying.  In general the food at Mandalay Bay is quite expensive compared to many other places.  Internet appears to be slow, but I think I'm comparing what I'm accustomed to using at home.  I believe their service provider was COX.  If you get thirsty, go out of the hotel.  Most convenience stores outside sells stuff for 2-3X cheaper.
1	This was the worse experience of my life. They have bed bugs!
4	It's been 10 years since my last visit to Vegas. The last time, I was underage and with my family. So of course, my last memories of Vegas included playing at the arcade in Excalibur and seeing the tigers at the Mirage. I figured that I should go big after such a long hiatus and take full advantage of my 21+ status. Searched through Yelp, of course, and found this hotel to be the safest bet. Fairly priced rooms, nothing cheesy or corny, close enough to the Strip to walk to but far enough to get away from the craziness if needed.Check-in was a little rough because I had to ask about the tickets that I booked in my reservations (note: AFTER they finished everything and gave me all the information and assumed they were done with me). Apparently, I had to go to the Box Office to find out about my tickets. A little unsettling not knowing if I even had tickets. Didn't realize I got a room upgrade until we walked into our room. Yay! Surprises!Overall, I personally enjoyed my stay in Vegas and in the hotel. Lost some money, drank a little, sight-see'd (is that a word?). I found myself wanting to just explore the hotel more than the Strip. Why? Maybe it's the cheapskate in me that wants to make sure I get my money's worth. Maybe the hotel actually had things worth checking out. Or perhaps all that walking in the rain was just not appealing.
3	This is the first time staying at Mandalay Bay but we've been going to the various restaurants and attractions for years (e.g., Shark Reef).  I love the facility but they need to get their act together.  I booked the Lion King package and had to change the given showtime.  When I called I was told since I booked on the Internet my seats weren't assigned yet so they couldn't change it.  I called again a few days later and was told thru a supervisor that I had to go thru TicketMaster (which didn't make any sense).  TicketMaster confirmed that wasn't true.  Later, a Tara from Mandalay Bay called to apologize I was given the wrong information and was able to make the change for me.  When I went to pick up my tickets as will call, they initially couldn't find them.  I think their IT system needs some improvement.I have to say we did end up having a good time.  However, I didn't need to go thru that unnecessary hassle.  That's what work is for, not vacations!
4	Got to stay at the Mandalay for a conference a few months back.  Reservations and check in went smoothly with friendly staff.  There are a lot more lines and space for checking in compared to the short areas for checking out.  This is likely due to the automated and online checkout procedures.The rooms are well kept and spacious.  Beds were comfortable.  A great thing for work related trips is that there is free highspeed internet in the rooms.  I hate when I have to pay extra for the internet connection, it should just be rolled into my room cost.Something that I guess is nice is the dual closet that has a high rod for dresses.  The showers had good water pressure for a refreshing shower after long days of work.The only drawback to the Mandalay is that it is so large.  If you are going to a conference in the convention center and staying in the hotel the trip takes a few minutes.  But if you are unfortunate enough to have additional meetings in the conference rooms at THE Hotel in addition to the convention center while you stay in the Mandalay tower this can make for quite a few miles during the day.Food areas range and I reviewed them separately.  No surprise charges on my bill when I left.  Overall the stay was good and the hotel nice.  I am sure if this was not a work trip I would have had a chance to avail myself of the various amenities.
4	This is some swanky place. When I go to Vegas I usually stay at the other end of the strip, preferring to spend my money on gambling instead of hotel room. After all how much time to you actually spend in your room while in Vegas?But this being a special occasion, and me not paying for it :) we stayed in the swanky posh end of the strip and I have two words for you....Jacuzzi tubI need to get me one of those.Minus one star because House Keeping kept opening our door at weird times, like 9 in the morning (who's up that early in vegas?) and 11 pm and walking in on us. Also, even though there is a mini-fridge in your room you are not supposed to use it. We did. We put out 60 dollar box of Vosges chocolates in it and apparently ended up jostling the two budweisers that were in there off their sensors which resulted in the hotel charging us for them. No worries .We were able to have the charges removed at checkout I merely told them that if I was going to drink something from the mini bar there was no way it would be a budweiser :) The slots were loose-ish enough to keep me happy and the amenities were fine for our needs.
5	When I'm in LV, I typically book 600+ sq ft suites.During this visit, I booked a really good deal for a 765 sq ft suite at the MB. Checked in after 9p and it appears there was a little discrepancy with my "special requests". Although they didn't vocalize it, the employee indicated that they would be giving an upgrade. COOL! Employees were super friendly and nice. This was definitely appreciated after a LONG day of travel and horrible dinner.Turned out the upgrade was to the baller Media Suite (2170 sq ft.) OMG, this suite was freakin' AMAZING!!! You walk into a foyer and a half bath. Then you enter into a huge living area where you have gorgeous views of the pools below (from the 30th floor). Another room led into a media room with a 65" TV and surround sound speakers. There was a bar and office area also. The bedroom had a king with walk-in closets and his/hers robes and slippers. A long hall led you to the bathroom with dual-head showers that doubled as a steam room, a soaking spa tub, dual sinks and a separate room for the toilet. All the rooms had TVs and touch screen remotes to control the TVs and curtains.Housekeeping was great with a clean suite to come back to and toiletries well-stocked.The only negatives were:-You're able to hear the neighboring guests in the next suite, but wasn't too bothersome since I spent most of my time soaking in the spa tub.-I woke up several times around 4-5a. I want to say that there's a housekeeping closet on the other side of the bedroom wall???-After video check-out, the TVs don't work. No biggie...Def a memorable experience and will consider MB for future stays!
4	[I should have written my review right after I stayed at Mandalay but I'm a bit delayed on my blogging.]I have thoroughly enjoyed my stay at Mandalay Bay in the early part of December 2010.  Over the many visits I've made to Vegas, I never intended to stay at Mandalay due to its location but because the room was comped and didn't feel like paying up to stay closer to the strip, I went with Mandalay.  First impressions:  beautiful exterior and interior architecture throughout the property.  Attributes both theme and classic Vegas styles.  Check-InI arrived at the resort on a Friday late afternoon right around the time when check-in generally begins.  It wasn't as crowded as I was expecting so maybe I just got lucky.   The agent clearly directed my way toward the elevators and a few great tips and onward headed toward the room.The RoomBefore heading my way toward Vegas, I took a sneak peak at oyster.com website where it shows the actual picture of the room I had reserved.  Clearly, it seemed right on so I wasn't disappointed when I entered.  Nice layout and fairly spacious.  The Gaming AreaPretty spacious and large.  Seemed pretty ordinary compared to the other properties.  Definitely more high limit than others but that's definitely expected.  RestaurantsCan't say at all because I didn't dine at any of the restaurants on-site.... now, the negative commentsI love everything about Mandalay after my first experience, HOWEVER it's pretty far from the center strip area (4 corners--Caesars/Bellagio/Flamingo/Bally's-Paris) area.  I really don't spend much time in the room unless I'm with a significant other :p  but besides that, I'm usually hanging out toward the center strip area so the walk/cab ride is a bit unfriendly.  I also wish there was some sort of direct monorail system from Mandalay to City Center or to Bellagio instead of taking the tram from Mandalay to Luxor, walk across to MGM and take the tram from thereafter.  So the question is would I stay there again?  Perhaps if I'm able to get it comped.  Location is far more important for me than the quality of the room or hotel.  I'd have to weigh all of the options then.Overall Grade: A / A-
4	Mandalay Bay is outstanding. The women who checked us in, Rosa, was super nice, jovial and generous. The room was great and fairly cheap considering the quality.The restaurants were delicious. We ate at Raffles a few times. It has a solid menu (although somewhat expense) and great staff. Red, white and blue has some good, cheap sandwiches if you need a quick bite.Pool and hot tub are great too.
3	I'm really disappointed that I can't give this hotel a better review. The rooms are beautiful and spacious and the restaurants it encompasses are classy and elegant. (Rick Moonen and Hubert Keller restaurants in the same place? Amazing!) This was my issue. We bought a package deal with Lion King tickets for Sunday afternoon at 4pm. We then bought tickets to a 9pm show on the same night from another hotel. When we went to pick up our tickets, we were told that the 4pm had been cancelled and there was only an 8pm and we hadn't been contacted regarding the change. We were fortunate that Excalibur was able to exchange our tickets for our other show or else we wouldn't have been able to see Lion King at all. Mandalay should have taken the time to contact people who had purchased the 4pm tickets and it's unfortunate that they didn't do that. I'm not one to ask for freebies or anything but they really should have done something for us for the inconvenience they caused. We spent almost two hours of our precious time in Vegas running around trying to figure out our show reservations. Oh and the tickets they ended up giving us were literally the farthest from the stage that you could be. Next time we won't be staying here and will be taking our business elsewhere.
5	Easily one of my favorite hotels in Vegas.  I highly recommend this place to all of my friends and family who visit.  Here's why:- Great selection of rooms.  You really have 3 choices of rooms & service here.....Mandalay Bay has mid-level rooms/service, THEhotel has great rooms/service, and the Four Seasons has excellent rooms/service.  The giant 2 bedroom suite at the end of the towers of Mandalay Bay are my favorite.- Parking is easy.  The self parking and valet parking here is so easy.  The parking garage at the rear of the property has easy access from Frank Sinatra drive or Mandalay Bay Dr.  For locals or tourists it's an easy in/out.- Great selection of restaurant choices.  From high end restaurants to cheap eats, there's something for everyone....and it's good food too.- Lots of bars and lounges.  Everyone can find a place to have a drink and enjoy themselves.....from hipsters to regular joe's, there's something for everyone.- Decent limits on table games.  You can find $10 min bet blackjack here on occasion.  There's also a good selection of slots and other table games.- The vibe here is awesome.  I can't explain it, but I always feel good here.  The people and the vibe are always energizing.- Great entertainment.  The House of Blues and the Mandalay Events Center always has great entertainers in their lineup.- Walkway to Luxor.  If you want a different experience, you can easily walk to the Luxor via a connecting mall area without going outside.  This is huge during the sweltering Summer months.Overall, this place has a little bit of everything for everyone....and they do it well.Will I return?  You bet I will!
4	Great service!  The people at check-in are extremely helpful, the rooms are great, the casino itself is well taken care of...and they have the Lion King!  I didn't get to see it, because they weren't showing a few days before Christmas, but am keeping that on my list of musicals I'm waiting to see!
4	This is a fab hotel for exploring the party side of Vegas (is there any other?), but beware the lack of coffee pots in the room! Bring your S'Bux Via and ask for a coffee mug for your room. Tiny bottles of water are $4 in the room, but your choices are better in the lobby gift shop.
5	I love, i love , i love this place. Went there for a 2 night wknd vacation and sooo wanted to spend more time there. The rooms are spacious and clean. The bathroom with the double sinks and the soak tub - a big YES! the smart floor plan to close out the toilet from the rest of the place and have a separate shower stall! ok u guyz did a great job! Also the parking was quite efficient and easy. Friendly and gr8 staff members! And ppl if your staying at Mandalay bay - dont miss out on the china grill restaurant there. Perfect ambiance and great food!
4	My only qualm with this hotel is that it is so far down on the strip.  Other than that its a great stay.The pricing is reasonable, and the view is very pretty.  I really liked the rooms here and the bathroom was large with an inviting tub that I soaked in each night I stayed here.  Unfortunately when I stayed here I was only 20 and could not partake in the games, but I did take advantage of the pool!  The wave pool is fun and if you time it right you can ride the wave into the 'shore'.  The lazy river is okay- I wasnt a huge fan as the waterfall knocked me off my tube twice, and drunk fools were making fun of me.  Bah!Great food options here at Mandalay Bay as well as the shark reef.  I really liked Aureole (i'll save that review for later).Also this hotel connects to Luxor and Excalibur so there's a lot to explore.
3	I sometimes write out my reviews as if they were definite facts but I'll just outright say that this time I am being picky and the following opinions are all a matter of my own personal preference. If M-bay was the nicest hotel you've stayed at on the strip, then you would probably think everything I complained about is petty. But if you have stayed anywhere nicer, then you might be able to understand where I'm coming from. Like they say, ignorance is bliss. Pros1. The shampoo/conditioner had a really nice smell. Reminded me of orange flavored candy. 2. Key cards came with two free drink vouchers that could be used at pretty much any of the m-bay bars/lounges. 3. Express checkout via the television4. Two couches. Although I didn't get much use out of them, those extra couches would be convenient if you are trying to cram a group of people into that room. 5. Tram that goes to luxor and excalibur. 6. Their website gave $89 as their lowest rate but I found a lower rate on another site and they gave me the lower price without any problems. Don't be afraid to call them to ask if you find a lower price elsewhere.Cons1. No bath products (as in bubble bath)2. No bathrobes3. I had trouble using the keycards. It always took me 4-5x in order to get the door open. 4. There is no master light. When you enter the room, the first light you can turn on is for the hallway. In order to light up the room, you have to individually turn on all the lamps. 5. Shallow safe. 6. It said on their website that toothpaste is an amenity, got to the room and no toothpaste! 7. Restaurant choices are crappy. Most of their restaurants are americanized asian restaurants that charge you double the amount you would pay at a real asian restaurant.
4	I was checking my email and noticed an email from Mandalay Bay. They wanted to give me a free night on New Years Eve. I had to read it twice to make sure I was reading it correctly. We didn't have real plans for New Years so what the heck and what better place to spend NYE then in Vegas.We checked in at 6, I expected a line because of NYE, nope just an employee there greeting me and advising there was someone ready to check me in. Check in was quick, they had the room I requested.The room was good size, not huge, not small, comfortable. The bathroom was huge though with a 15 in tv. Seperate shower and bathtub. There is another door where the toilet is. I hope you don't get claustrophobic, kinda small in there. The beds were comfortable. Nice 42 in flat screen. Everything seemed clean and up to par.One complaint I have was the elevator situation, there was a line to get in the elevator. Then coming down from our room, we must have waited 15 minutes because the 4 elevators that stopped were full. I don't know if it was because of NYE or if its like that all the time.The only restaurant we tried was Raffles Cafe for breakfast. It was good, would go back.It was cold out so weren't able to check out the pool, one of the main reasons to stay there. We will have to go back in the summer to check it out.Again, not a fan of the mandatory resort fee. It should just be included in the price. And what you get for with the resort fee most hotels give that stuff to you for free.Compared to the other alleged four star hotels I've stayed at on the strip (NYNY and T.I.) I think Mandalay Bay is a true four star property. If the hotel wasn't so far down on the strip, it would probably be my preferred hotel when I stay in Vegas.
5	my only complain is i didn't get to stay longer lol! we did a very quick visit to vegas last year for my husband's birthday and decided to stay here because we were going to see the lion king there anyways. i am so happy that we chose this place! everything is inside too, so we never even left mandalay bay! there are plenty of shops, restaurants, and of course slot machines! ;) we had a very nice room that had everything we needed, we went to a sushi place downstairs for some lunch, walked around a bit, and got ready for dinner and the lion king. we ended up eating at the house of blues. very yummy food!! we loved splitting the banana bread pudding! afterwards we went to see the lion king which is an excellent show by the way for all ages! then we did a few slot machines and headed back to our room. we had to leave in the morning, so we didn't get to see much of vegas, but we had a great time, and stayed at a very nice hotel, one which i would love to stay at again! :)
1	Past its prime, jumped the shark, or pulling a Brett Favreuse whatever phrase you want - but Mandalay really needs to be revamped. When I was in college c. 2001, this was the hot spot...bellagio was for the stuffed shirts but the cool kids went to Mandalay to stay and party at Foundation Room and Rum JungleMandalay obviously caters to a different crowd now. Here are my experiences:- Jan 2010 - Mandalay Bay loses my reservation and tells another person that even though they had a reservation the hotel is sold out. After an hour of arguing they find us a reservation at the Mirage. Very uncool- Jan 2011 - Thinking last year was a fluke, stay at MB again. This time after a night of drinking, about to crash we find a blood stain on our sheets. Again very very uncool...call housekeeping and ask them to come and change the sheets...say coming right up. 45 minutes later, still no one. Call again and they say "sorry really busy, will send someone right up"additional 20 minutes later - Call again, this time I'm livid and start yelling at the front desk manager, he says he'll give me a $75 credit and send someone right up. someone comes up 15 minutes later and changes the sheets. After checking out - I am reviewing my bill and see:- no $75 credit- they double charged for a mealI have to spend 45 minutes on the phone with Mandalay Bay after my trip to get my credit and the food charge reversed...Also the crowd has changed significantly - my guess is that the affluent crowd has shifted to the Wynn properties as well as the Palms and HR. Seems Mandalay has become the discount family crowd. I'm done with Mandalay...and you should be too
3	This was the third year that we went to Vegas, baby for our company outing and this year we landed at Mandalay Bay.   Here is my snapshot on the visit:These things rocked!-Free Internet in the room-Our view on the 31st floor was amazing-Layout of the casino was nice and the evening dance band was really fun-Starbuck's coffee at the Casino level-great way to start the morning!The not so great things:-Checked in at around 7:00 and our choice of rooms was limited on the upper floors.  No king Beds available and ended up with an accessible room-Safe in room was itty bitty-not big enough for a computer, barely big enough for a cell phone.  (I-pad might fit)-No real directions for using internet.  It still showed that there would be charge when you logged in, but when you call the desk they said it was included.The pool and beach area was beautiful, but because it was January it was closed. I think this would be a huge and exciting benefit if you stayed there during the right time.   If you are looking for a great breakfast place while at the hotel, be sure to check out House of Blues who offers the best price that we found.Hair Dryer, Iron and Iron board were all provided in the room.
4	If this hotel wasn't too pricey, I would stay here a lot more often. The rooms are really nice (especially the Jacuzzi suite). The pool area is really more of a water park. The downside of this water park is that it can get extremely crowded (those not staying at the hotel can pay a fee to use the pools). But all in all, I can't really say anything bad about this hotel except some of the other hotel guests can be a little stuck up but oh well. That's a given at a nicer hotel.
5	We came here for our anniversary weekend and absolutely loved it. We got the 750 GR suite, which was absolutely stellar. Set at the end of a hallway, it was relatively quiet (except for the sound of slamming doors, and I'm not sure anything can really be done about that).Check in was relatively painless, although the line moved pretty slow.The floor of the casino was large, but surprisingly not confusing. Having been through other casinos (like the MGM), you fully expect to not ever be able to exit the casion floor once you enter it. The maid service was excellent, food options were good, bed comfortable... I really have no complaints!
5	I feel like Mandalay Bay is almost a 5 star hotel.  They are like 4.75 :)  I really like it, but sometimes I think they need a few more luxuries to bump them to that 5.  At any rate, they seriously rock, I am just being a picky yelper when it comes to 5 star reviews.  I have actually stayed at Mandalay twice.  Once in one of the spa suites this past weekend and once in their regular room a couple years ago.  What both had in common was a beautifully designed room.  Classic, but not over the top.  Great bathrooms (spa suite has a jacuzzi tub for two!), comfy beds and nice flat screen TVs.  The spa suite was awesome since it was at the end of the hall so we had a quiet room with few neighbors.  The regular room I stayed in before had paper thin walls and you could hear everything!  If we come back (and we will) we will upgrade!  The only thing the suite was missing was robes.  It seems like other Vegas hotels provide robes at that level of service, but maybe I am being picky ;) I also really like the shops and restaurants in Mandalay Place (linking Mandalay and Luxor).  So this is a bonus since you can walk in and find everything you need!  Oh, and visit the spa for a real treat.  I have gone on several occasions and find it one of the nicer more relaxing spas on the strip!All around a great place to stay!!!
4	This is a 2 part Review based on the 2 very different types of stays that I have had at Mandalay Bay. 1. Girls weekend, in the summer. I could probably just stop there, but that wouldn't be much of a review. We got into Vegas late and ended up partying late, so by the time we crawled into bed, we were exhausted! However, that didn't stop Cecilia C. from popping out of bed like a freakin jack in the box, "WHAT THREAD COUNT ARE THESE SHEETS?!" You would think that Mary C. and I would dismiss this absurd outburst and go to bed, but we are much better friends than that, so there we were at 2-4am (it's all kind of a blur) looking for the tag with the thread count. I really don't remember what the count was or if we ever found it, but I know that next time we stay at M.B, Cecilia is bringing her own sheets. For the record, the sheets are stiff, but I think if we would have given Cecilia one more shot before bed, she wouldn't have noticed. The room otherwise was very nice. I loved the separate soaking tub and took advantage of it any chance I could. Pool! We absolutely LOVED the beach area. We got up about 10 minutes before the beach opened and threw our suits on. We didn't intend on staying all day, but we sure did! We got front row seats to the wave pool and it was amazing. Very relaxing. We took a dip in the lazy river with our over priced tubes and drank our overpriced alcohol. Mary C. and I tried out the Ice bar later that night and had an interesting experience. If Rodrigo still works there and hasn't been picked up by the Circus, you should hang with him, he's a more than sufficient bartender. 2. Family Time: M.B is a great choice if you're toting some kids around. Why? Well, the kids LOVE the pool, beach, lazy river, aquarium and there are plenty of kid friendly eating options in the hotel. My kids think the room is amazing because they can watch cartoons while they take a bath. My only complaint is that while I had my son (who is a toddler) in the shallow section of the pool, the lifeguard kept blowing his whistle insistently at this couple who were about 10 feet from us. They were having sex in the pool. Seriously, quit blowing your whistle and yell at them or something. I really think the hotel could have been sued for as many children that were around when that happened and the life guard let it go entirely too long.So all in all I would recommend Mandalay Bay for girls weekend or family time, the staff is friendly, helpful and the hotel is clean...except for maybe the pool....
5	I am writing this review as I sit in the comfy bed of the Mandalay Bay hotel. I booked this hotel for a quick solo trip. I just wanted something moderately cheap on South Strip. Didn't care what, but I wanted comfort and did not want to stay at the Motel 6 this time soooo I chose a 4 star mystery hotel on Hotwire. I ended up with 2 nights (Friday - Sunday) at Mandalay Bay for just over $200 including those pesky taxes and resort fees. While it wasn't my first choice because I was hoping for MGM since their beds are todiefor, I have been very happy with everything so far. ARRIVALI arrived in the early evening and did self-park because it was right off the interstate and I didn't feel like finding the front of the hotel. Sometimes self-park can be a nightmare because the garage is usually so far away from the actual lobby. Fortunately I only had to walk through a small portion of the hotel to get to the lobby. The registration desk was well staffed and the lady who checked me in was very friendly and efficient. I really like efficiency. Friendly is nice too.THE ROOM (first impressions)Within minutes I had my key and headed up the elevator to my room. As I walked in I was pleasantly surprised. I hadn't expected to have an entire seating area, but there it was in all it's chaise lounge and sofa glory. I think I actually squealed. I couldn't wait to lounge on the chaise and read something on my Kindle. I have yet to do that, but that's only because I just spent 2.5 hours soaking in the nice, big tub with wine and a movie.The room is large, the TV is large, the bathroom TV rotates, the bath is large, the separate shower is large, pretty much everything is bigger than most standard Vegas rooms. I bounced around the room sitting on everything, playing with everything and finally taking my journalistic photos before unpacking. THE ROOM (second impression)After the initial "this is so much better than I expected" response I started to notice the few things that could be improved upon. None of them are deal breakers but maybe something for the hotel to think about on the next remodel. The TOILET: It is in a separate closet. Quite literally a water closet. This is a nice feature if you are staying in a room with 4 other people because you can get a little privacy without taking over the bathroom BUT the door will not stay open on its own so you have to either prop it open with a suitcase or just suffer as the door slams shut and encloses you in your tiny little claustrophobic water closet.Two other nit-picky minor things: The bath tub is great. I usually avoid baths in hotels because it grosses me out, but this one seemed clean and just looked way too inviting to avoid. However, there isn't any bubble bath in the amenities tray. I would have adored some lavender scented bubble bath to lull me to sleep. Luckily I drove so I had an entire bottle of body wash. Squirt! The second thing: I really wish a corkscrew was included in the mini-bar. All of the drinks are screw top, but I bought a bottle of wine at the store downstairs and when I came up to the room I realized I had wine glasses but no corkscrew. I spent a good 30 minutes trying to get the cork to push INTO the bottle. I definitely needed a drink after that. :)THINGS TO LOVE:Despite the minor problems, I am having a very hard time finding things I don't love. The bed is comfortable. A bit bouncy but I foresee a great nights sleep.The mini-bar is well stocked and even though the alcohol prices are outrageous, the sodas and juices aren't too bad. But I will still be using the vending machine down the hall.The seating area is great. The couch and chaise could use a little more cushioning, but they serve their purpose nicely.The bathroom is huge and looks great. It doesn't feel like a hotel bathroom which is fantastic for a weekend of relaxation. The floor is VERY slippery when wet so definitely walk with caution after a shower or bath. Power outlets are everywhere. I wish more hotels would take a cue from MB. There are 8 readily available outlets in the main area and two more in the bathroom. While I don't need all of them, anyone traveling with 4 people knows how important that is. Cell phones, camera battery chargers, laptops, etc. Power outlets disappear quickly with groups.Elevators are quick and plentiful. There are about 36 floors and those are divided up into three sections and each section gets 10 elevators. That's 30 elevators folks. They move quickly and I haven't had to wait yet. Casino floor isn't very crowded which is good or bad depending on your preference. THE BEST PART ABOUT THIS HOTEL:This hotel actually gives you something in return for the mandatory Daily Resort Fee that hotels in Vegas love to add on.You get access to the Cardio Room and FREE WIRELESS internet. Most hotels charge at least $30 for one-day cardio room access and $15 for wireless internet. That is like hitting a small jackpot in my book
3	Maybe it's just me, but I think adding a $15 / day resort fee is just gouging us... It's sort of like airlines, they don't want to post a higher price, so they tack on all sorts of fees.The rooms are large, and bathrooms are nice.
5	What's there NOT to love about the Mandalay Bay? It is undoubtedly one of the more high end hotels on the Strip, and definitely the best resort on the South Strip! My boyfriend and I love to stay at the Mandalay Bay because everything we need and want is here! Spa Mandalay is consistently one of the best spas on the strip (see my review), there are so many different restaurants you can check out (anything from a hotdog from the sportsbook to a high end dinner at Mix and Aureole). Because the Mandalay Bay is connected to the Four Seasons via walkway, and the Excalibur and Luxor via a monorail, there is just so many different things to try and do. For example, if a $15 minimum blackjack table is a little rich for you, hop on the monorail and check out the Excalibur's $5 tables!Somethings you can appreciate that you don't really notice in other hotels is that you don't have to walk through the casino to get to any of the public areas or the guest-room elevators, also the entire location is a lot less confusing and less overwhelming than some others (ie: Aria). I absolutely LOVE the way the hotel smells too, very subtle citrus and coconut get pumped through the vents and it helps enhance the tropical theme and make the hotel look, feel, and smell really fresh and clean (you notice this the most when you walk through the Shoppes at Mandalay Place that connect you to the Luxor). The standard rooms are larger than the average Vegas hotel room and each one has a very fancy bathroom with dual his and hers sinks, a huge bathtub, separate shower, and a toilet room with its own door. Did I also metion the flatscreen TV in the bathroom?! One of my favorite things to do is to walk LUSH, one of the many Shoppes at Mandalay Bay, buy a few bubble bath bars and bathbombs, and take a long hot bath while watching TV in the bathroom! It's sublime.Windows are all floor to ceiling, and the rooms on the higher floor have some of the best Strip views, so splurge and upgrade to a suite view, otherwise you'll have a lovely view of all the cars coming in from California on the 15. Be prepared to pay an $18 nightly resort fee, but this includes free wi-fi and two drinks at any of the lounges and bars. I love having wi-fi in my room.The service at Mandalay Bay is also some of the best. The people working the check-in desk were super friendly and the waitresses come by often with drinks, this makes the Mandalay Bay almost on par with the Wynn. Overall, I think the Mandalay Bay is an amazing place to stay because you hardly have to leave the hotel for anything (which is great because I would rather spend cab fare on another hand of blackjack) but if you do need to leave the hotel, the monorail connects you to the heart of the Strip and from there you can walk pretty much anywhere. I can't wait to come back!!!
4	* This is a HUGE hotel/casino. You will find many restaurants, lounges, and shops here.* You can take the tram to the Luxor or Excalibur after you get bored with Mandalay Bay or you can walk to the Luxor since it's connected.* I just don't get the whole Shark reef exhibit. Who really wants to see sharks in the middle of desert and pay almost $20 for it?
5	LOVED this hotel and will stay here again, if I can, the next time I go to Vegas!  We stayed for a long weekend in March of 2010 for my BF's birthday!  The pool(s) are so fun, restaurants are good, casino rocks, what more can you need?
4	Really enjoyed our stay here for a short weekend in Vegas.  Although it is at the south end of the strip it had easy access with the free tram that runs through the Luxor and Excalibur.  The restaurants that we tried here were all really good.  I like that they have an aquarium in case you get bored during the day.  Our room was on the 32nd floor with a spectacular view of the strip and lots of room to relax.  The furniture was modern but comfortable.  I'd say the most impressive part of the room was the bathroom.  It was huge!  Loved the soaking tub especially.  Overall, very nice place to stay and the service was reliable.  The only complaint was the hallway decor made it seem like the walls were moving...kind of trippy but that may have just been me.  Haha.  Will definitely consider this as an option for our next trip to Vegas.
4	Sure, it's at the end of the strip but Mandalay Bay remains one of my favorite hotels to stay at while in Vegas. Rooms are always great with wonderful, comfy beds. I'm a fan of down blankets/pillows and theirs are deluxe. And for some reason, I always seem to order room service when I stay here. I think it's because by the time we wake up from our "disco naps" we don't have much time to eat dinner before going out for the night. The food is always good--but you pay dearly for it. And then there are the pools. I love the lazy river, the "beach", and cabanas. It's the quintessential Vegas Hotel!
4	Pretty nice hotel to stay in. Service is outstanding, rooms are nice and big, and there's a tram you can take you  to get to Excaliber. The one thing I fell in love with was the flat screen television in the bathroom and the Mc Donalds across the street (there are no chain restaurants in the casino).Some of the things I disliked was  the beds was a little too soft for me and the drainage system in the shower and tub would sometimes back up. Im gald to say the shower and tub was NOT pooping stuff out.Overall the rooms are pretty descent and hotel is walking distance to the center of the strip.
5	Great priced rooms, very open clean and updated casino and hotel. I suggest this hotel to all my friends when they come visit.
4	great place to spend big paper!
4	All around a great place but I am not sure that it can still garner the same prices as the newer hotels on the strip. It doesnt look like the rooms have been updated since I stayed there 10 years ago and, although that isnt bad, you can't charge the same price as a brand new spot. The casino/restaurant area has been kept up to date for the most part. Some of the restaurants have been moved out while some of the staples are still there and still doing their thing. One of my favorite clubs back in the day, Rum Jungle, is no longer there. It was definitely a different place than most of the other cookie cuter clubs but it looks like they are in the process of renovating. They do have a REALLY nice casino bar/club right in the middle of the casino that seems like its the place to be in the middle of the night. The place was getting packed, the music was good as was the crowd. Overall I would stay here but only if the price was right.
4	Mandalay Bay. I haven't stayed here, but we came into town for the M.A.G.I.C show going on over here.. it's a very very nice hotel. Super fancy of course.. I hear they have an aquarium, which was pretty neat. I didn't see it personally. The prices here are outrageous, although I can't complain if you see the hotel you can see why.. I went into the store with my daughter while waiting for friends to get registered..to grab a drink. A bottle water or bottled soda is 3 bucks! I had no choice tho I was thirsty as heck.. The M.A.G.I.C show on the other hand was good.. it was very well organized somewhat..registering here was a b**** tho.. they had a lady in the front were my bf and friends were getting their badges an the lady couldn't type..she messed up the badges and I hear was just totally confused.. they reprinted the badges wrong.. but luckily we were still able to get in.. being in Mandalay Bay I would expect workers that actually know what they're doing.. I won't dock any stars for the hotel.Bottom Line: Nice classy hotel, expensive.. but probably well worth it.
4	This is still my favorite mid range casino.  The room rates are great for what you get.  This time I took advantage of the suite upgrade promotion.  For $104 I got a suite.  The room was nice and spacious.  The bathroom was nicely appointed, and quite large.  My only issue with the room was the couch in the living space was an odd shape that made sitting on it awkward.Mandalay also has several great food options, cool bars and a few decent shops.  One of these times I need to make my way to the pool, gym and spa.
3	A good mid range casino choice.The $15 resort fee is ridiculous .The hotel and casino have an older crowd. If that's what you're looking for, it's a good way to avoid the more rowdy casinos.The rooms themselves are good enough. Not spectacular like the higher end casinos, but not shabby either.
4	Since Yelp wanted me to do a review (thanks to a check-in)....It's really more a 3.5, but Yelp doesn't let you do halves (I think it's a crime how you can't do zero).Today, I went here for the first time in, like, 4 years (which was for the NBA All Star Game Festivities) and I barely remembered what it was like inside. It's huge, and very easy to get lost in. There are various water features located throughout the whole entire building and there's this weird wall next to the Aureole restaurant which has fragments of a nude female statue. It's a more neutral, middle of the lane place. Hooray for no desperate edginess (see: Planet Hollywood) or desperate elegance (see: Wynn).Also, since there isn't a separate listing for the theater, I'll review it here:The lobby for this theater is huge and beautiful. Inside the theater, there's really not a bad seat in the house and the acoustics are very good. The seats themselves sucked on the other hand. They were so uncomfortable and seem like they haven't been changed since the place originally opened. There is also so little room in the aisles that it's virtually mandatory to stand up when someone else needs to get in or out of their seat. Oh, and concessions are ridiculously overpriced.And that's about it. I don't really have a strong opinion of any sort about the Mandalay Bay.
3	Was staying at the encore, then when I had to stay an extra night in Vegas due to flight cancellation, came here because it was half the price of Encore.  I guess you get what you pay for - it was a 3 star room, though I'd give it an extra half a star for the nice bathroom and the size of the room.   But wait - take away the half star for the mandatory $20 resort fee.  Overall - nice spacious room, but not a luxury hotel experience.
5	I have stayed at a lot of places in LV but this was my first stay at the Mandalay Bay. I will be back.Maybe it was because the room was HUGE. Or the fact that there were two sinks in the bathroom, the deep bathtub (which my nieces loved!) or the super hot water in the shower. It was perfect for a night away from home.The hotel was so clean and nice, it didn't smell like smoke either, like most LV hotel's do.I also left LV with cash in my pocket, came out ahead, so that helps too. I am a bit sad that their room prices are so high next month because of spring break, because I really wanted to go back soon. My room for the night with taxes, fees and their resort fee was a total of $120. Which I thought was really great.I was able to play the tables for a long time, the beer service was a bit slow, but that's ok. Also, there weren't a bunch of creepy guys trying to hit on me either so that was good.Cost a ton of $$$ to take out cash, $4-6 per transaction, so be prepared when you get there.Food was ok, I ate at the sushi place, didn't venture out to many of the super nice places, but I will do that next time.
5	i love it here its beautiful and alot to do!
4	i'm a big fan of mandalay bay. i recommend it to friends who need a reasonable price range on a hotel so they can get effed up all night long at the clubs. its a little down the strip but you can manage (theres a rail, cabs, etc).lazy river is sweet. rented a cabana for the day and it was very worth it. the beach is a unique idea.. you know, a beach in the desert.. i like.i wanna get to those sharks one day. cant quite justify paying $40.
4	Stayed here last weekend to catch The Lion King.  The hotel was nice, but I think their pictures on the site make it appear a lot nicer than it really is!  I like the fact that it's connected to Luxor, and Luxor being connected to Excalibur.  It makes it a lot easier to walk to the strip.  Oh! I also love the fact that they give you two free drinks per stay at any of the lounges located on the Casino floor.  We decided to grab drinks at Eyecandy and the bartender there was extremely friendly!
1	Well how do I start?....First off The Pool...  a great complex ....BUT.... unless your there after March 7th DON"T expect any pool services....we checked in on Tues.  pool was great not many people weds okay but thur it was closed and we were sent to a different pool......ALL OF THEM ARE CAPABLE OF BEING OPEN..... a photo shoot..... Friday a beautiful day pool was packed....BUT.... not enough seating especially since the pool had many reserved seats enpty and tons of people sitting on concrete with plush seating reserved.......... We waited and got fine padded cots but I watched 2 dozen people come in and leave because NO SEATING.... to top that off  some people sat on the reserved seating anyway NO ROOM.... then security came by and said you must leave or PAY ....these are room guest to Mandalay Bay...... told to leave.... then in a conversation...the security guy told the people to leave or pay $400.00 a day and on Sat, $800.00 a day for a plush seat....?????? they moved but after the conversation the Pool security guy SLAPPED me on the shoulder and SAID you must not be a millionaire to and walked off..... The four seasons pool was empty and the Mandalay pool was jammed packed ........ I AM A WELL PAYING CUSTOMER AND I NOTICED THE STAFF WERE NOT THAT WELL PAYED
4	Best thing ever is being able to walk in, check in, and head up the elevators to your room without having to walk a trillion miles through a casino floor, a myriad of restaurants, and random assholes. I like all those things, but only after I'm all checked in and primped.
4	Mandalay Bay is one of my favorite strip hotels because as a local, I appreciate the easy access getting in and out of the hotel. Gotta love the Frank Sinatra Blvd entrance :)Whenever family or friends are in town and want to come down to the strip to hang out and do some quick gambling we head over to Mandalay Bay. I love how they have spruced up the center bar. My husband and I have come to Mandalay Bay two years in a row for New Years Eve and enjoyed the atmosphere and the size of the crowd was not too crazy, so during NYE, this is a good place to be!I had the pleasure of staying at the hotel for my bachelorette party in April of 2010. The room was pretty nice and the bathroom was huge! I think we had a suite, not just a standard room...hard to remember with all that alcohol in our systems. At 3:30 am when we stumbled in from a night of dancing in painful high-heels, the spa tub was perfect for soaking our feet and having a champagne night cap!I highly recommend this hotel for tourists looking for a classy but not too expensive place to stay, and for locals who want to head over to the Boulevard but don't want to deal with driving on the strip :)
4	Came here for a convention.  Mandalay Bay is massive ... so much that it takes a while to get from my room to the convention center.  They have quite a selection of restaurants to choose from.  Starbucks is always overly packed.Loved that wi-fi was free and we had as many access ports as we need (I run a Mac with a VM which have separate IP addresses).I stayed in a suite with a great view and 2 bedrooms/bathrooms so that my friend and I didn't have to share.  First night here I swear a tornado blew threw town because the wind noise was so incredibly loud on the 26th floor and the windows and floor were actually shaking.  Woke up in the middle of the night and it was gone. Shopping here is ok.  Best store is Metropark, but that's a chain and I can shop that at home.Overall, an enjoyable stay!!
4	Our spa suite was cool, nice and roomy!  I really liked my pillow!!  Before we left, I actually pulled the cover off to see what type it was, down etc.  I guess that's a starting point since I've been in search of a good pillow!  The spa was nice with its own jet system!  Aah!!  We almost overflowed the place with bubbles!  The bath beads didn't  seem to work so we squirted some of the shower gel, bubbles, bubbles, bubbles!!!  The bed, sheets and comforter were cozy.  Loved the contemporary, square couch!  Trendy touch!~Casino dealers were friendly.  BJ tables were cool even though they took all my $$$$!!  :-(
4	Huge hotel, nice people staff, great food/shops for people to hang out at during the day as well as at night. If you aren't the clubbing type, this place has a wide assortment of other things to do. I was here for a recent convention and I found their convention center to be 1) Huge 2) Nice 3) Awesome.If you are in town and need to choose a hotel, I'd highly recommend Mandalay Bay :)
4	This place is huge and very clean. Great customer service at the front desk and concierge desk.The rooms itself are very spacious. The room we got had a nice view, which overlooked the pools. Two queen sized beds, a small table, a large flat screen tv, radio/alarm, and two closets.The bathroom is very nice. But the doors to it are weird. No locks or anything, they just close by a magnet, holding them in place, with a pretty decent sized gap between the double doors itself. A large bathtub with a jet system and a lone standing shower. The toilet itself has a little area.Only down side to this place is it's at the beginning of the strip and everything is located in the middle of the strip.
4	My boyfriend and I just got back from a recent trip to Vegas. We choose the Mandalay Bay because of the great deal we got on hotels.com. The customer service was excellentt and the concierge's desk was helpful. We did ask the concierge one day how to get to IN AND OUT BURGER because we thought it was close enough to walk. The girl working gave us directions and assured us it was only a short distance away. One hour later and tired we were on the complete opposite side of where the restaurant was located. We ended up getting a cab from another hotel over there. We didn't spend much time in our room but it was spacious and comfortable. The bathroom was a little weird because none of the doors locked and did not have a vent in it. I loved the tub because I always enjoy taking baths. The towels had a weird odor to them that I found a little disguisting. I loved the pool though and the different restaurants in the hotel. Overall, we had a great experience and would recommend this hotel in the future.
3	Our room had a gorgeous bathroom. The service was great. It was a wee bit off the strip which could be annoying, and the artifical bay was silly. Why try to recreate nature, when it's gonna be a half assed attempt? I'd rather have a nice pool without all the hooplah, I guess that's why I like green valley ranch.
3	Previous years in Las Vegas I have had the pleasure of staying at The Venetian.   Full disclosure requires that I admit that these visits were on my employers dime, so I cannot speak to the price/value but I can certainly say I prefer the rooms at the Venetian.Having said that, Mandalay Bay offers many fine things.  the Parking seems easy to access, and the ability to get on the Tram is also a very nice touch.There are several rather nice restaurants, but most seem slightly out of my price range for an average afternoon or evening meal.The pools are amazing, but I can only speak to this from a visual inspection, and the words of friends. I have never personally taken advantage of them.Finally, the walk from the room to the convention center seems a bit extreme, coming out to almost 3/4 of a mile from room to center.  I guess that's so you can work off all the food you can't afford!
4	After coming to Vegas the previous week for my birthday and staying at the palms, I was a little less impressed with the idea of coming to vegas to party and enjoying yourself like a king. Fast-Forward to 3/20/11, I arrive with the fam around from PHX after a long 5 hour drive we step into this compound of a hotel, with gold everywhere. Lavish interior, pretty females, and tons of bars and great food made me change my outlook on LV in just a few minutes. The room was big enough to hold four of us, and the hotel gave us a deal on some lion king tickets, and free drinks #Winning ! We only stayed for one night, but we spent the rest of the day gambling, drinking lol, and checking out some of the sights and other hotels (Luxor) wasn't impressed lol..Anyways this hotel is bomb, with great views, big rooms, nice casino floor, doesn't smell like smoke and his great service. Definitely would stay here again! 4 STARS
4	Great place to play and eat!!! The Hotel has nicer rooms but Mandalay is still good!!!
1	Our stay at Mandalay Bay was such a pain in the ass that I had to let others know what to expect. First, when I checked in I found out that they didn't have the room I reserved available - a king bed and a strip view were part of my girlfriend's birthday present, as she had never been to Vegas and I wanted to show her the town from what I thought would be a perfect hotel.  I thought that reserving a room like that over the phone (and even paying for a night up front!) would get me the room I needed but no, there is no way to be sure that you're getting what you want or pay for at this place. The check-in procedure took AN HOUR thanks to an incompetent chump and sassy desk manager (she started giving me attitude like it was my fault they didn't have my room available!  wtf?) while my girlfriend sat out in the car, surrounded by drunks, in their driveway.  If that wasn't bad enough, this front desk hassle made us too late for my special birthday dinner!  Where I had a hook-up!  This was the first night in Vegas and already Mandalay Bay was losing me time and money! That night, I tried to put our expensive leftovers into a fridge but discovered that the only mini-fridge in the room was full of beverages that you couldn't move or else the computerized weight system would charge you immediately.  So, no fridge!  Even Super 8 has a mini-fridge!  We went to bed that night enraged. The next night we ordered $22 nachos from room service (there was a $5 "cover charge" ... just another cutthroat fee at this place).  I didn't get the room service guy's name because I was too busy staring at - seriously - LESIONS on his face, neck, and even wrist!  It wasn't acne, it was some kind of exczema or something.  I've never not eaten nachos before in my life, that night was a total waste of food and money.  Why hire room service guys who destroy your appetite!?  Isn't that a health code violation too? Finally, I was looking forward to talking to the front desk as I checked out.  The clerk asked the people in front of me "did you enjoy your stay with us?" so I figured that would be my opportunity to let Mandalay Bay know that it was really not an accomodating place to stay.  However, the front desk clerk just checked me out without even talking and moved right on to the next in line with cold dead eyes.  I should have stayed and asked for a manager but I was honestly too tired and frustrated to fight.   "Disappointed" cannot even begin to describe our stay at Mandalay Bay.  I had hoped to take my birthday party there this summer for their awesome pools but there's no way I'm going to put up with their incompetent, scuzzy staff, poor reservation schedule, and counterproductive accomodations.  Thanks for ruining my girlfriend's birthday and first time in Vegas, Mandalay Bay!
5	Thanks Mandalay bay!!   Best hotel stay ever.  When my room was NOT AVAILABLE they gave me a super awesome suite (media suite) plus 150 bucks in food money for my inconvenience..  That is the way to treat your guests.remember to be nice to the front desk agents.  The people in front of me when I was checking in were B's and they got sent to the Luxor.  Gross!!
2	From a "sleeping in a hotel" perspective, this place is a letdown. The staff was polite and everything, but the rooms weren't that impressive. I continue to think that these type of hotels are wasted on me, as I expect the price to mean nicer surroundings, and not just have the price be a reflection of the location.The room was fine, but a little shabby, a la the Westin in Seattle. Scarred furniture, pieces missing, worn out chairs/seat cushions, that sort of thing. The bed was comfy, although in an attempt to drive me crazy, they don't have fitted sheets - and the flat sheet the did use in it's place wasn't long enough to cover the bed or was applied incorrectly, as where my feet ended up, there was no sheet covering a rather scratchy mattress pad.The wireless internet was so slow that you couldn't even get your computer to load their "accept the terms and conditions" page. Thinking it was the fault of the wireless, I tried wired - nope. Same problem. When my tethered cell phone is orders of magnitude faster, that's really unfortunate.I was excited for the TV in the bathroom - SportsCenter while I shave. But no - it was broken. No signal/didn't turn on/something like that. I didn't take it down off the wall to check cable connections, as they were inaccessible, and I left my toolbelt at home. Also, please note the most expensive addition yet to the list of Hotels Without Proper Bathroom Ventiliation. The toilet was in a very small, claustrophobic room with no fan at all. Kind of interesting.The final straw for me was the carpet - this horrible berber stuff that I assume was made of stainless steel wire. I know this sounds really hoity toity and nit picky, but it actually hurt my feet. The carpet had patches of a much more confortable, plush, leopard print design...and for an entire week, once I got back to the room and took my shoes off to relax...I found myself hopping around, playing the "floor is made of lava" game as a 27 year old.I'm not a Vegas guy - it's cool, but I don't gamble or drink, so most of the appeal is lost on me. And thus, I don't think I'd be back of my own volition anytime soon. That said, if I am ever back, I hope it's not here.
3	Kyle totally checked us out, with the most amazing fingers ever!  He was professional, courteous, friendly, and totally wow'ed us with his typing as he looked up our room, settled the bill, etc.  Seriously.  And folding the bill was crisp, precise, perfect.  Best check out person ever!Unfortunately, the rest of the stay was average.  The room we stayed in was really nice, but had a tremendous whistling sound whenever the wind blew (which it did quite a bit at night).  Also, we ended up locked out of our room, even the maid couldn't get in because the door had "lost its memory".  We ended up sitting in the hallway for 45 minutes waiting for maintenance, and this was a missed opportunity for Mandalay Bay to say 'sorry'.  We also found out on Monday, after three days, that the penthouse we stayed in came with membership in the lounge on floor 62, but evidently that is only on Friday, Saturday and Sunday.  That would have been useful to know so we could use it and get our free breakfasts, etc.  Finally, the wave pool only has a wave every 5 minutes, it would be great if there were a few more waves.Great mall area with restaurants, and the shark reef is not to be missed!  Overall, a nice property, but mediocre service with lots of opportunities, and as a result, I will likely try another hotel next time I am in Vegas.
5	MB is still 5 stars in my book. This time my boyfriend and I came for my birthday and got the 750 suite that came with (drumroll........)A HUGE JETTED JACUZZI BATHTUB!I love that the bathrooms also have their own TVs and the beds here are soooooooooooo comfy and soft. It is always worth it to upgrade to a room with a view of The Strip because MB has the best view. We came right in the middle of the NCAA Sweet 16. There was also a convention and spring breakers all around, so it was pretty busy and we were told there would be no chance of late check out, but when we called at 8am, the front desk was able to help us out with no problem.The only gripes I have with MB are things that are probably out of the resort's control. Being that it is further south on The Strip, when it comes to late night dining, there really aren't a lot of options around that are within walking distance, and the 24 hour room service can sometimes be a hit or miss, but always pricey. I was turned away by one restaurant who's kitchen closed at 11pm, and was turned off by another when the service was too slow and too poor (you kind of get the idea that all of the chainy restaurants that are situated in between the casino walkways and in shopping areas just don't give a damn about anything). The casino here is also a little on the higher end with tables being the lowest at $10 during slow times. This can sometimes be a good thing, like when I'm up $400 on blackjack, but a killer when I'm down.But other than that, the hotel rooms are pristine and modern, and the hotel staff are always helpful and friendly. I can't wait to go back!Tip: sign up for their player's card M Life and try to get to the next tier level. My boyfriend and I were able to get up to the Pearl level this trip and we are now waiting for all the comps and benefits to come in!
4	I really enjoyed my stay here. The hotel was beautiful, fun, laid back, and had a good group of guests.  The weather was great one of the days I was here so we hung out at the beach which had a good cover band playing all afternoon.  The wave pool looked awesome even though I didn't go in, and I definitely think this deserves to be on the best pools list.The hotel has an aquarium and tropical oasis theme.  The rooms were great- spacious with huge windows, although not the most luxurious in Vegas.  We had a group of 6 and they were able to accomodate adjoining rooms for us, and late checkout with no charge.Thank you to Carrie the Concierge!  She got us awesome tickets to "O" and we had a big group the day of the show.  Very friendly and accomodating, although the line to get to the concierge was half an hour long :(Downfalls include is having to pay per minute for internet access, and the location. We had to take cabs everywhere we wanted to go while staying here.
4	I really loved staying here. My boyfriend booked this hotel for our 6th year anniversary! I knew this hotel would definitely live up to my expectations! We came here during the weekend of spring break so I thought it would take us forever to check in. I was wrong! The check in was fast, efficient and easy! We went up to our room on the 24th floor and the room number was our our anniversary date (how did this even happen? loved it!) This hotel is truly amazing - it's clean, decorative and wonderful! You also get a free drink ticket at check in - but it's only for wells, domestic beer/wine. We also got the room which with the view of the pools. I'm pretty sure Mandalay Bay has the BEST pool on the strip!The bathrooms were super clean and the bed was very comfy. Besides the bed, there was also several couches, huge closet, and numerous drawers to put your clothes in! There's also a little safe box to put your belongings in. It's fairly tiny, your laptop wouldn't fit in there! There's a huge TV in the bedroom and mini tv in the bathroom.Some mornings, we stayed in so we would put "relaxing" on the door knob. And the maids do pay attention and they will not knock or come into the room to clean. Unlike other hotels, even if you leave a little bit later in the day to go on the strip - they still make time to come in and clean the room!We needed extra soap bars, so we called the service desk. We requested a soap bar and they were at our door within 15 minutes. Super sweet customer service!One star off because they seriously stuff the fridge to the point where you're unable to put anything in there! We bought some vitamin water/fruit to put inside the fridge and pulled several beverages out. We were going to put back the beverages inside the fridge on the last day. Well, the maids decided to charge us for all the beverages we pulled out even though we didn't even drink any of it! And they also took our food out and replaced the beverages. I was beyond pissed about this one. Anyway, we told the check out rep. that those charges were invalid since we never drank any of those beverages. The rep was civil about it and voided the charges.FYI: There is a $20 resort fee for each day you stay here.But besides that, I really enjoyed my stay here!The casino is kind of dead. It's very family oriented, so I rather gamble further up the strip.Also, I think there's only ONE cafe that's open 24hrs for food unlike the hotels on the mid-strip.  I wish they had a lot more restaurants open for those who are hungry at 2AM!Also, it's pretty much the last hotel on the south strip. It's far from everything but it isn't really Mandalay Beach's fault. So if you stay here, be prepare to take the tram/bus.As much as I loved staying here, I think the next time I visit Vegas, I will try to find a hotel much closer to the mid strip.Also, they have LION KING playing here! :D
4	I love Mandalay Bay! From my experience, I think it is the best hotel in Vegas.It's not only stunning inside, but it has it's own beach! What is not to love...Although Vegas has so much to see... I could literally stay at the hotel and satisfied.Private cabanas, awesome tub in my room, great food, amazing service. I think I pretty much said it all....
5	Fantastic hotel, reasonable prices, great Rooms, everything looks brand new. Tried the breakfast buffet, decided to buy the "All you can eat--All Day" which included the Breakfast-Lunch-Dinner Pass for about $42.00. Best decision I made, because the Food was exceptional. The Room was spacious, great View of the Strip, multiple TV's in the Room at competitive prices.
5	Had a great experience at this hotel. This is the best hotel in Vegas. The suites are large and very clean. The suites are fantastic.They also have a large wave pool. Will stay here again next time I come to Vegas.
4	nice, clean.. good size tub in the room. Prices are decent.. especially with promo.. and a good quiet place for my bday on march 25 weekend :)
4	Great hotel!  Nice rooms, bathroom has separate tub and shower....nice bubble bath for 2.  Bayside buffet is great, must have prime rib and crab (crab only served at night and Sunday brunch)   They only reason I can't give Mandalay Bay 5 stars is because it's at the end of the strip and far from everything.
4	Our friend TSmith loves this place due to the cocunut smell they pump through the air vents. We stayed here for the second time at the top of this month and still enjoyed it. Very clean, beautiful hotel casino. The Hotel has suites that we stayed in over the summer but even the regular Mandalay rooms are great.On the pricey side for the strip but at least worth a stay once if you do Vegas.
1	Okay, so Mandalay Bay was not my first choice but I was excited to stay because they have so many pool and their restaurant selection is awesome.  Low and behold, there is a rain and thunderstorm forecast for the weekend I wanted.  Oh well, the big perk was the deal I got had early check-in and late check-out.  Little did I know how much a pain in the butt that was going to beUpon checking in, I made sure that we still had the late checkout.  The front desk man said "Yes, you have until 4pm) Great.  Sunday rolls around and after lunch, we go back to our room and of course, the key doesn't work.  So we have to go all the way back down to the front desk and wait in their long ass line to get it fixed.  Brandy, our "front desk helper" was so incredibly rude I couldn't look at her when I left.  After telling her  I MADE sure we had a 4 pm checkout she still probed me as if I was CHEATING her, as if I didn't really have a late check out and i was trying to weasle my way into more time at their crappy ass hotel.  She even asked " did you take your luggage out?" and AFTER I said no she proceeded to tell me "sometimes the cleaning ladies see its clear and then assumed you checked out" so I said, "That's impossible" Any idiot can take one step into that room and see there were two big luggages and my stuff was everywhere.  Even so, does that mean..oh okay lets deactivate your card even though you paid for the late checkout?  Brandy did not even apologize for the inconvenience or the mixup.  She took her sweet time interrogating me and making me wait.  And then to top it off, when i went back upstairs the cleaning lady pulled me aside to ask me when I was checking out and I said 4pm and she said " AY YI YI, did u tell front desk!?!"  umm.....yes because I paid for it! At this time I just wanted to leave because they were all breathing down my neck.I wish I could say that was an isolated even of rudeness.  But no, the bad service was even on the phone.  I was given a letter saying "please check ur balance on the TV so you can take care of it before you leave" So as a obedient patron, I did as such.  Of course the TV doesnt have that option and it say "call front desk" So i call front desk and explain the situation and she goes "you do it on the TV" and I say the TV doesnt work and she says " Well thats the only way" okay.....well thats why I am calling you .....(just doing what Im told!) she tells me she will reset it, but nope nop this never gets done.  Mandalay Bay is getting old.  It once was a nice place to stay but no longer.  The spa is really showing its age as well.  Their jets werent working, the robes had big ol holes in them, they even ran out of clean towels,,,cmon people you are a SPA you need plenty of clean towels.  The pool is looking run down too. It was way too crowded to feel liek a relaxing getaway, and this was when it was cloudy and 60-70 degrees.   Needless to say, I wont stay here again.  I will only come back for the delicious food/restaurants.
3	My wife and I stayed here on our mini-honeymoon, and overall, I was unimpressed. She didn't mind our room as much as she minded the location of the Hotel (with regard to it's proximity to anything else). This place is just too damn far from anything cool (even the Vegas Monorail).I didn't think our room was worth the money we paid either, the room was at the very end of the hall completely opposite the elevator, so it took AGES to get to the door, especially when we were trashed. On top of that the furniture was beat up and the curtains were stuck part way open.The beach is awesome, the lazy river wasn't exactly lazy (what with all the kids and pool toys), the wave pool was nice and warm, but the life guards are overbearing ("Get behind the blue line!!!" Ugh! Shutup!), and I got sick from the fried chicken at the To-Go Grill. The Shark-Reef is pretty great, which is a significant compliment, especially since I've been to the Monterey Bay Aquarium and Academy of Sciences.Most of our time was spent walking away from here because there wasn't any other entertainment at our hotel while we were there, which is stupid considering they have a giant convention center complex attached. The Mandalay Place shops are pretty weak too.If you stay here, check out the Reef, Minus5 bar, and the beach. They are all pretty cool. Bring extra money for cabs, this place is at the VERY END of the strip; or if you have an aversion to cabs bring comfy shoes, take the free tram to Excalibur, then walk across Tropicana Ave. to New York New York, then across LV Blvd. to MGM Grand and then take the Monorail ($5 a passenger). I will mention, my wife got sick on the carpet and they didn't charge us to clean up. That was cool and probably their saving grace.
4	I really am a fan. I stayed here for a week and it was a pleasure. This is not a "I'm gonna party" hotel but caters more to business travellers such as conference attendees. I have seen some honeymooners. Room is clean and pretty. And spacious enough to work though the table has an odd shape. I love the stand up shower and the tub just outside it. You can soak day's work in peace. And when you need to go, the toilet has its own "room" with doors. Bonus. Unlike some hotels on the strip, cardio room is free. Zip. No charge. You need to pay more though if you need to use the weight room. Internet speed is decent. The restaurants inside the hotel are superb - I tried four of them. Buffet is decent but not great. What I like most about this hotel is that it is not chaotic. The elevator is far enough from the casino and far enough from the Vegas crowd. You are not greeted by gamblers in the morning and drunk teenagers at night. Or children. Children are fun except when they're rowdy. And the noise of slot machines make them rowdy. I will recommend this to anyone who will go to Vegas for work. But not to vacationers - too far from the center of the strip. From Caesar Palace - cab ride was $15. I am giving it a four for service, cleanliness, room aesthetics,  staff's attentiveness (generally) and somewhat peacefulness (Vegas-style).Did I mention that there's a wave pool?
4	This hotel has almost become our home away from home in Vegas.  Been here multiple times and always had a good experience.  Service always good.  Very nice strip hotel.  The rooms are comfortable.  If I had a complaint I would say the last time I was there the bed was a little lumpy.  I think that mattress needs replacing.  But first time I have encountered that here.  Otherwise very comfortable.I would say among the best, if not the best, pool options in vegas.  Wave pool is great.  A number to chose from.  I have always enjoyed them.Casino is nice.  My wife likes to play here.  She usually does pretty well too.  Nice sportsbook.Good choices of resturants.  There is some shopping.  Nice monorail to connect you at least partly down the strip.  I think this is a solid choice when in Vegas.
4	It was our first stay in Las Vegas and I don't think we could've done it any better. Yes, it is the last hotel on the south end of the Strip but it is not so far away as the Stratosphere is on the North end. It is definitely within walking distance to Tropicana Blvd. (MGM, NY/NY) and there is a tram that connects Mandalay to the Luxor and the Excalibur. That being said, you can quite easily get to the center of the action in short time, while enjoying the relative quiet and solitude the location provides.Rooms were well appointed. Nothing over-the-top but a few extras that were nice (large (52"?) flat-screen and a smaller one in the bathroom.) Could've been a little cleaner e.g. crumbs on the floor like they didn't vacuum so well after the previous guest, and gum stuck on the back of one of the loungers. Yuck!One thing I don't get about this hotel is the $18 resort fee they tack on which doesn't get charged until the end of your stay. Why this isn't an upfront cost and/or is included with your overall cost is beyond me. They give you a card which states what this cost covers which includes free Wi-Fi ("A $15 value"??? Really?) and a free USA Today at the shop downstairs. There were a couple of other items but they were more forgettable than these mentioned.Pool/beach area was great. Here's a tip, check the Bikini Bar for specials before ordering anything unless you're fine with paying $7 for a bud light and $12-$13 for drinks.One major negative was the Concierge Service. Couldn't have been a more unhelpful/unfriendly group of people. Instead of getting assistance, you will get blank stares and an attitude. I honestly don't understand this. Their job is to help people but instead they belittle them. Very poor form.If you're dining in, I recommend sticking with Raffles. It is the cafe that serves a full menu night/day (I think this is also where room service comes from.) The food is very good and will save you more time/money than going to the other ripoff restaurants located on the property.Negatives aside, this is a great hotel and if you're ok with not being directly in the center of the action then you will enjoy your time here. The spa is lovely as well and if you've already been to Vegas/ seen all the sights and just want a place to chill then I highly recommend it.
4	==Mandalay Bay==Located at the edge of the strip. The casino/lobby is very nice and so are the rooms. The rooms are very comfortable and I was amazed at the little tub in the bathroom with a separate stand up shower. Loved the tub :P The bathroom and the room was very modern looking and clean.EXCEPT. I have a habit of checking sheets, pillows and everything for dirtyness. I flipped over one of the main pillows and there were TONS of dark red spots... We immediately called the lobby and complained and all they did was give us a $50 dine in gift card. Better than nothing but my ex was disgusted and they could of least waived one night's fee. But nonetheless, we wanted to show them the pillow case but they never came up to inspect it. So we just left it on the floor and continued out day.PROS::1] Very very nice rooms2] Very clean (Except for our pillow case) and comfortable3] Great view if you get the correct side of the hotelCONS::1] Check your sheets and pillow cases! Never ever use the top comforter. Trust me..2] Located at the end of the strip.. Lots of walking or taking the Tram/bus
4	Review is for casino only:I stopped here today to get tickets for the Lion King for when a freind is in town.  I really like this casino.  I have always liked the aroma they pump into the air.  When I walk in from self-park and see the headless statue of Lenin, I can't help but smile and know I'm at the Mandalay.When I've been here for other shows, cocktail service in the casino has been prompt and friendly.
3	we got a mini suite here and i have no major complaints. the room just seems worn down. it didnt seem adequately prepared for us-- the mini bar wasnt stocked, the table tops werent dusted. we randomly got a few calls in the middle of the night asking if our shower handle was broken. weird. plus the elevators take foreverrrrr.
5	This was my first stay at MB and it couldn't have been better.First of all, I originally had 2 separate room reservations, 1 for my parents and 1 for myself but they upgraded us to 1 2 BR suite on the 32nd floor.  Shoots!  Each bedroom came with a king sized bed and its own bathroom with a hot tub, shower, dual sinks, and even a TV.  The beds were very comfortable and I even thought the linens were great (never use the comforter.  Ever)I didn't actually partake of the pool but I did walk around and thought that it would be great to hang out there had I had more time to spend in LV.  But from what I saw, it looked like a  lot of fun.The casino was nicely organized and I liked the fact that they still had a decent number of BJ tables open in the wee hours (about 5-6am) for me to play.I also loved the 24 hours sundries store right next to the elevator for my late night snack and drink needs.Valets were also quite speedy and service all throughout was very friendly.
3	My husband and I stayed here on our recent trip to LV. I'd never been to Vegas before, and this hotel was a decent "first time" experience. From what I'd saw, Mandalay Bay is definitely nicer and cleaner than some of the nearby hotels. The casino is huge (well, this is Vegas after all) and there are a lot of restaurant options. Plus:The Shark Reef is at Mandalay Bay. They have the second largest sharks I've seen in an aquarium, second only to the Maui Ocean Center (but there are a lot more of them)The room was clean, and the bathroom was huge and awesome!Tons of pools, including the "beach"Minus:This is at the far end of the strip, so bring good shoes or lots of extra cab fareThe pools, while plentiful, are super crowdedMy biggest complaint: The $18 a day resort fee. I scanned a few of these reviews before complaining about it to make sure I am not the only one that thinks it's bogus. They tack it on your bill at the end of the stay instead of just including it in your nightly cost. So what happens is you think you are getting a good deal compared to some of the other nearby hotels, and then they add an extra cost at the end of your stay. Pretty shady if you ask me.All in all, I would probably stay here again. At least I wouldn't be surprised by the resort fee the second time.
3	I can't remember if I've ever stayed here.  I know that is sad to say but I've been going every year for YEARS that we would just stay where ever we could get the best deals on rooms.  So I guess that means that it was unforgettable.  Because I do remember staying at the Luxor, Cesar's, treasure island, etc...Anyways, we stopped by to have drinks at the Red Square, and I would have to say that it was worth the visit.  Otherwise, I didn't see anything else that stood out or caught my attention.
4	I stayed here with a couple girlfriends of mine last weekend and we really did have a fun time!  Loved that they have their own beach and we were out there basically everyday for 3 days.  The bedroom was huge with its king size bed and the hot tub.-1 star for overall cleanliness not being super clean. I'm a stickler when it comes to things like that, but overall, the Mandalay Bay was very nice and I would stay here again.
4	Even though I have wandered thru virtually every casino hotel on the Strip (except for a few of the crappy ones no one cares about)..I only review the ones I actually stay at. So this trip was my first time staying at Mandalay Bay..I got comped 2 nights and I did like the looks of the place so I figured why not...even though it is ALL THE WAY at the southern end of the Strip. The room was decent, nice big bathroom with tub and shower, though I'm not quite sure why there was a window between the bathroom and entrance foyer...unless we got one of the Kinky Rooms or something, though I don't really get off on watching my fiancee on the toilet, so this whole window thing is still over my head. We had a great view overlooking the entire pool area...and that is one big pool area...I think I counted six pools and a river....and a wonderful view of the mountains in the distance. everything looked beautiful lit up at night...one of the reasons I love coming to Vegas...a beautiful city of millions of lights plopped in the middle of the barren darkness of the Nevada desert. The hotel is laid out very nicely, everything is clean and classy...wonderful choice of restaurants, good buffet, lots of bars and shopping, with an easy walk to the Luxor next door..and that's about the only easy walk, because if you wanna go to any other casino on the strip, you have a hike ahead of you, or an expensive cab ride...because those buses they have on the Strip...SUCK. I really enjoyed my stay here but what would keep me from going back for a few years is its inconvienent location, hence the 4 stars intead of 5.
2	My husband and I stayed at Mandalay Bay for a recent trip to Vegas. We got a spa suite 750 for 3 nights. When we checked in and went up to our non-smoking room we found it WREAKED of smoke. We called down to the desk and asked to be switched rooms only to receive a shrewd "NO we have nothing available" No apologies, nothing. They offered to send up an air freshener. AN AIR FRESHENER? Really? Absolutely not. We asked to speak to a manager and got the most short, to the point, almost robotic answers from the most unhelpful and unapologetic manager I have ever come into contact with. We were told "you can either down grade or deal with it" um its Vegas there are plenty of rooms, upgrade us... "no way not a chance" after going  back and forth with this lady she offered for us to switch rooms the next day but couldn't guarantee a non-smoking room.... THAT WAS THE WHOLE POINT. Then she said they could send someone up to "purify the air" but we would have to leave the room for an hour and a half. Grrrrrr..... so we obliged. I can't sleep in a smoke haze. No drink comps while we waited, no pro-rating our room for our time missed, still no apology. All this after an 11 hour drive there. I can tell you, I am one person that will not be spending money on a room at Mandalay Bay ever again! Terrible service, smelly hallways, no chairs at the pool, and the slowest elevators in Vegas.... lame. Stay somewhere else, don't spend your hard earned money here.
4	The buffet it awesome!!
1	The hotel is ok, but there are super-serious issues leading to a 1-star rating.The Casino is dirty carpet, smoky and lame. The casino floor clubs have auto-tuners and totally lip synced fake music. The air is not clean on the casino floor (poorly ventilated, I dont mind smelling smoke, but the air here lingers and stinks). The foundation room and the Mix clubs are both lame and they are charging to go up, I just want to see a view, but they turn this into a nightclub thing, very stupid. The clubs are not worth being charged for at all.Pool area is neat. Not a bad pool at all. But there are towel issues and they even check bottled water for booze! Where the 1-star comes in is the unprofessional staff, the thievery, the lies and the cheating. The room rates have been going down slightly, but there is a catch. Some of the worst airplane-food is served at Raffles and the Red White and Blue, and they charge criminal rates for this food. The food at Strip Steak was mediocre, but the cost was outrageous and the service was completely unprofessional. We had a $800 bill for three people, and the service was rude and the food just ok. One server at Strip Steak spoke to a drunk couple while we waited for 10 minutes to order. Lupo is not very good, total sham for the price. Fleur by Hubert Keller was ok, service was good, food just ok, but prices were outrageous.  Aureole could be nice, but the prices are outrageous and the format of this restaurant needs work, its not an inviting place to go and have a few glasses of wine and an appetizer, they want to sell you a 9 course mediocre meal. It also closes way too early. China Grill, prices are outrageous, and this lame place isnt open for lunch and closes early. In fact, most places close early. Border Grill just stinks. Low quality food and outrageous prices.I really believe in freedom, liberty, and the free market - but the prices here are nearly criminal. Sure they can charge what they want, but its a fraud, they give you a "deal on the room," and they have the convention center and drag us all into events here, but then they cheat overcharge and deliver bad food products for bad prices.The Ri Ra bar on the way to Luxor was the only good place in there, good fish and chips, beers were good, a bit expensive but not as bad as the rubbish in the Mandalay. The crepes place is no good, takes forever and is overpriced. Ice bar is completely lame. The seafood place, I forget the name, is lame, and has a prix fixe menu with venison on it in a seafood place. The prices were completely outrageous there as well. This hotel has huge potential, but its being run by greedy people obsessed with taking working family men like myself and shaking us down for every single penny in our wallets. The in room minibar is a total rip off and there is no room for your own stuff and there is a hyper sensitive item removal detector on each item so if you bump them while storing medicine you get charged and you have to dispute a payment for something you didn't even drink.The tubs are nice, but the shower is a low flow shower head which sucks. I'm letting hotels know something, if you put that low flow shower head in, I run the shower for hours to "punish" you for this. You'll rack up a years worth of water charges because you cheated me out of a decent shower. The walls here are paper thin, so if you get a spring break next door you are doomed. I just run water to down out the sounds. Raffles is the late night dining. The service can be good or super super slow its random. Food quality is airplane-food. The towel situation at the pool stinks. There are no moving (Jetson's) sidewalks on the way to the convention area. The convention area is like a half mile from the smell casino area , and walking there is ridiculous. The service in general here is terrible. The managers are no good, the dealers are rude, the bartenders are mean spirited. Ri Ra was good, but the rest were very annoying. Ri Ra's bar tenders are actually from Ireland. I really find the way this property is run to be offensive and below what should be for a potentially great hotel.The towels and the sheets and the other linens were smelling "burnt," like very cheap detergent was used and the linen fibers were being burned by super hot dryer. The internet service was very spotty, it could take a long time to "agree", and transfer rates ranged from good to zero. A large number of employees have piercings and tattoos which are unprofessional and need to be covered up. I really think Mandalay has gone from interesting and nice looking with lots of potential to being a criminal fraudulent terrible place to stay at and to be at.
3	Me and two friends stayed here on our last night in Vegas (April 10th).  This was my first time staying at Mandalay Bay and only chose it because I got the room for $99 that night.  Mandalay Bay is usually too far away from the action of the strip in my opinion, but being that we wanted to relax, this place suited us just fine.It was a standard clean, double-bed room, but the bathroom is pretty spacious (see pics).  I was able to stretch out in the tub pretty comfortably and soak my weariness away.  We dined at China Grill that night and the food was...too salty, to put it mildly.  I'll review the restaurant another time, but if you're curious, I give it 2 stars.The mini-bar is motion-sensor activated, so be careful about removing items from there...even for a few seconds.  Don't be tempted to grab something from there, unless you have money to burn (see pics).  Although we initially planned to visit their nightclub, Mix Lounge, we were no longer in the mood after the terrible dinner.  Plus, the place felt "dead" overall -  no high energy atmosphere typical for happening hotels such as the Venetian, Encore, or Cosmopolitan.  We ended up switching from nightclub attire to comfy clothes more suited for playing slots and poker.  ;-POne star for being the venue for The Lion King musical.One star for the great pool area (see pics).One star for the spacious bathroom and clean lobby/general hotel areas.
5	I am totally in love with Mandalay Bay.I went for the first time this past week for 4 days and 3 nights. The decor was sweet in the standard room and hallway with beige colors, and the bathroom was nice with both a stand-up shower and a soak-in tub. I heard it was a good hotel but I did not want to expect too much. I was blown away! For one, the slots were good to me on several occasions, as I played them every night. I put in $5 into a quarter machine and hit $400, the most epic win for me of all time thus far. To that end, MB will ALWAYS be dear to my heart. They also had a table game promo for buy-in $20 and get $30  in casino chips so that was fun. I played blackjack switch.It's absolutely beautiful on the inside and out even more than any hotel I have seen in my past 3 trips to Vegas. It's bright and spacious with a South beach theme all throughout. Great for photo ops! The vibe is amazing and everyone at the table genuinely smiled and laughed while teaching me the difference between regular blackjack and blackjack switch. Great times.We saw the Lion King here and it was just as ridiculously amazing here as it was when I saw it on Broadway in NY and London! It was full-length too unlike some broadway shows on the strip. I did not get to see all the wonderfully beautiful (in pics) restaurants nor did I get a chance to see Mandalay place (but my friend loved it) BUT I did see the POOL! In the words of my friend AMAZ-TASTIC! Yes, I would love to make Mandalay my Vegas home.
4	Mandalay Bay is one of the few casinos on the strip I don't mind going into. I think it might be because it is on the far south end of the strip. I'm guessing sometimes tourists don't bother to go down this far. They stop at Luxor and return back up to the strip for more skeezy Vegas fun. Also, Mandalay isn't terribly intriguing to people who do not know what is inside it. There's no theme, no over-abundance of glamor, but it's a GREAT casino AND hotel.Rooms - From the one time I stayed in a hotel room here I thought it was great. The bed was a piece of heaven - I slept all the way through the night! It's everything you'd expect from a nice hotel room with a bit more class than what you'll find at say, Luxor. But it's probably not as nice as Wynn or Bellagio.Shopping - Mandalay Place has a few shops of interest to me. Most importantly: Urban Outfitters. A reason to go in and of itself.Shows/Concerts - I have only seen The Lion King here, but that is enough for me to give it 5-Stars based off of just this one show. I LOVE Lion King and this show is stellar. Another plus: Mandalay has the House of Blues, a great place to see live bands and even comedians. They host a wide range of shows with a wide range of prices. Also, they now offer discounts for drinks at certain shows for locals, as well as no service fees if you buy your ticket at the box office with a local ID.Bars & Drinking - This is the reason MB does not get 5-stars. I got a BIG surprise for ordering a Red Bull & Vodka at the Sports Book - a $14 check! FOR ONE DRINK! I get it, MB, you're a hotel on the strip - but COME ON! Especially at the Sports Book?!Food - I can't comment as I have not eaten anywhere, but I have typically seen good reviews. I am also intrigued by the Russian restaurant and will be going to dinner there soon. So hopefully I'll have a review of that place soon!Overall - Mandalay is doing everything right. I think other casinos should follow suit!
1	$18 per day resort fee for nothing!!!  This was a nice hotel but now is outdated and over-priced.  stay at the Palms or Mirage, much better for a lower price
4	Most of the hotels on the Vegas strip have some sort of theme.  The Mandalay Bay is no different, though much more understated.  Taking its name from the original Mandalay Bay in Burma (what its dictators now call Myanmar) the Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino evokes images of Southeast Asia, though not in an over-the-top "you're visiting the far Orient," "aren't Asian ways mysterious?" kind of way.  And while I'm against imperialism, the Mandalay Bay successfully captures of of the romanticism of British imperialism of Burma, with its luxurious hotel, perhaps arguably the most luxurious hotel on the strip.  (Although the sister property - THEhotel - adjacent to the Mandalay Bay is much nicer.)   With a fabulous spa and pool, plenty of fine dining places, a mall connecting Mandalay Bay to THEhotel, and plenty of gambling space (not to mention the Mandalay Events Center which hosts boxing matches, concerts, and shows), the Mandalay Bay and THEhotel are self-contained luxury havens in Las Vegas.  My only complaint would be that they're so far off on south end of the strip as to make it a pain to get to the excitement on the main drag, but with so much to do onsite, you may never even have to leave the property to find a good time.
4	My husband and I stayed two nights at Mandalay Bay. The room was well furnished with a large bathroom. The variety of restaurants and the pool were a plus. Wish we had made time for the aquarium. Free trams going north and a fair amount of walking made it relatively easy to sight-see. Detractions included a broken hairdryer and that every time fresh towels arrived to the room, they had a strong stale smoke smell - odd and icky. If you want to use the lazy river, bring your own inner tube - they sell for $26 (no rentals)!
4	Stayed here for two nights.  Our room showed some signs of drunken Vegas violence - chipped furniture, scuffed walls, etc. but it was clean and service was perfect.  The staff was very friendly.  The water pressure SUCKED and you can't really wash your face at the sink without hitting the faucet.  Kind of awkward.  The sheets were kind of rough but the bed was pretty comfortable. Didn't even bother going to the pool because we had a view of it from our room and saw a long line to get in an hour before it even opened. The casino actually didn't smell as smoky as other casinos so my eyes didn't burn while we were gambling.  Checking in and out was fast and simple so overall it was a good stay!
4	Husband and I stayed here May 21-24. Things I Liked:Location - We had a great view of the entire strip from our strip view room. Far enough away from the action to feel laid back yet a conveiniently located next to Luxor, Exaclibur, NYNY, and MGM. Cab ride to the Venetian cost us $13 and we don't do a lot of walking in Vegas anyway so I loved the location.Atmosphere in the Casino - Way better ventilated and less smoky than others. Quiet but not dead. No go-go dancers on weekends like some of the others. Rooms - Our room was spacey, beds were comfy, and had no noise from neighbors. There was a suite down at the end of the hallway that was pretty loud one night but we couldn't hear them from our room. Nice tub, rainfall showerhead, TWO sinks and a huge counter, TV in the bathroom. Pool - Pool WAS crowded but it's a really nice pool area and it's really popular. There are three regular pools, the beach and wave pool, and the lazy river. We didn't bother with the beach because it was super crowded and I'm from CA...if I want waves I'll go to the real beach. But the regular pool was nice and spacious, service at the pool was great, lazy river was really fun, and they were playing rock music on the speakers near us and not annoying hip hop! Win!Starbucks in the casino. Buffet was decent. Not the best I've had but pretty good for the price. Things I Didn't Like:Service at the Desk: Registration for check in was SLOW. Not enough people helping and every single person checking in had a problem. They weren't rude but it seemed really unorganized and like they didn't have their crap together. Same deal with check out. We didn't have a problem with our room but huge lines and everyone was having issues. However, this is my only big complaint and it's not enough to deter me from staying again. WIFI: WIFI worked but was slow at times. Things Other Yelpers Complained About That I Thought Were Ok:Elevators: Sometimes there were crowded, especially on Sunday around check out time, but I never encountered the dreaded waits other Yelpers complained about. They really weren't an issue. Staff Rudeness: We didn't encounter one rude staff member. The front desk people were disorganized and a little unprofessional but everyone we encountered during our stay was nice and helpful. Restaurants: Granted we only tried the buffet and the House of Blues but we had good experiences at both. Food isn't gourmet but it wasn't garbage. Resort Fee: It clearly states more than once when you are making a reservation on the website that there is a resort fee. When you check in, they tell you there is a resort fee. Why is this such a suprise?Mini Bar Charges: They warn you about the sensitivity of the mini bar when you check in. When you check out, if you see charges on your bill and you didn't touch it, they'll take it off. I saw it happen to the people in front of me. Yes, it's kind of stupid but I don't know why people are freaking out about this. Bedding/Carpet/Towel Complaints: The hotel does not look rundown or beat up at all. Yes the towels had a weird coffee/bleach smell to them but come on people! It isn't the Ritz! It's towels. All in all I would definitely stay here again!
4	Next time I go to Vegas, I'm going to stay here. Mandalay has a bright, large, and airy casino, several great theme restaurants,  and a  great pool and artificial beach..One draw back is that it is on the far end of the strip but I've stayed on the other side several times and I like change.
4	This was a bright and beautiful hotel and I would absolutely stay here again.   I really liked that the casino wasn't directly next to the lobby, so we felt like we were entering a resort hotel rather than a hotel plus casino.  The pool and beach were fantastic, especially the wave pool and lazy river.  The only drawback is that the hotel was at the very south end of the strip.  Each night, we either had to walk approx 1 mile back or take a cab, because the tram from Excalibur stops running at 10:30 pm.
5	I stayed at this hotel on vacation to Las Vegas and it is one of the best hotels I have stayed at in my life. When I first arrived, I was greeted nicely  and quickly checked into the hotel.There are many things to do in this hotel. There is a wave pool and Lazy River for the kids and a grat Massage and Spa for the adults. If you want to explore the city or nearby hotels, there is a monorail train for quick easy transport. The rooms are very clean and spacious. There is alos a large variety of resturants and buffets there. I would suggest the Bayside Buffet (see my review of the buffet).  There is valet parking in the hotel and room sevice. The casino room is large and always filled with people. I always went for the Poker tables (my favorite card game!). There are great shows that are at this hotel and many UFC events are held here in the Mandalay Bay Convention Centre. I would reccomend this to everyone with any purpose to go to Vegas.
2	Mandalay Bay is becoming a shell of its former self. It's supposed to be one of the higher-end hotel on the Strip, but this was my second stay there in a few months, and wow...not good. I will say a lot of this wasn't addressed because I was there only for a night, but had I stayed longer, I would have taken housekeeping and management to task over what I found lacking.However, that shouldn't deter from the fact that these were problems that weren't addressed before I checked into the room.At check-in, though the gal was efficient, rude and cold much? Barely looking up from the computer, she barely exuded the "welcome" Mandalay Bay prides itself on.Getting to the room, and wow, I was kinda disgusted. Housekeeping is apparently not a priority for the hotel anymore. Why are there rust stains around the fixtures? Why were the bulbs flickering on and off like they were about to die and not replaced immediately? Why were there stray hairs from the previous guests in the sink and shower? The best part? The water didn't drain in the shower. Gross.I checked out the next morning, a long line of people waiting to check out. Despite the fact that the line was growing, the number of people at the front desk didn't change.So then, my turn. I was not asked how my stay was, how my room was and if I was satisfied - which I found weird, considering every 3-star plus hotel front desk staff ask. Sure, he might have been harried because of the number of people trying to check out, but how is that my fault? I had to tell him the problems I encountered in my room. His response? "Oh, thanks for letting me know." Not even an apology on behalf of the hotel.Definitely not what I expect when staying at a high-end hotel. Believe me, I didn't expect free night or a discount or anything, I did however, expect (at a minimum) "I'm so sorry about that. I hope you'll come visit us again soon and experience something better." But, no.What's funny is that I got a survey a few days later asking about my experience. I debated filling it out, since I know they're rarely looked at and only want to highlight the positive things said about their properties. So, instead, decided to vent about it here.Needless to say, there are plenty of other high-end hotels along the Strip, and I will most likely stay there from now on unless forced to stay at Mandalay. Also, as the head hotel coordinator for various trade shows and events for work? Mandalay Bay won't be on my list.
4	I really enjoyed stayin here! I stayed at the Las Vegas Hilton a couple years back and this hotel was much nicer! the rooms smelled and looked clean! the casino wasnt bad either! plus free tram to luxor and excelsior was nice!
4	Love this place, especially when travelling with a kid. Aquarium (not worth time & money if paying tourist price) and best pool in vegas.  We got a standard room, and I was very satisfied.
4	Really nice hotel. Comfortable room. AWESOME pool...or should I say pools. The wave pool and the lazy river are 2 reasons to stay there. The room itself was nice. We got a king bed with a view of the pool which came in handy when we wanted to see how full the pool was. FYI if you go to the pool go when it opens because it'll get mad packed. It opened at 8am and was packed by like 10am no joke. The only thing I didn't really like IMO was the bathroom. You have to get used to no privacy. lol. The shower and toilet are separated. If you're claustrophobic forget using the toilet. And if you like privacy in the bathroom you can forget that too because who ever's staying with you can totally see you through both the window AND the door.
5	my dad got 2 nights complimentary room valid weekend so we stayed here friday and saturday. PROs:1. Parking garage is connected to the hotel.2. Experienced the Bay/water/ocean theme really well.3. Friendly staff.4. Big rooms with small flat screen in the bathroom.5. Buffet was delicious and affordable.6. Big casino area.7. Free Tram transportation to Luxor and Excalibur.8. Big shopping area.9. Lots of Restaurants to choose from.10. Gives complimentary rooms to high roller gamblers.11. Man made beach. CONs: 1. Parking garage can get really crowded.2. No Monorail Station. 3. Expensive rooms if not for the complimentary reward.4. Resort Fee $20/nightDefinitely will try to go back with good room deals!
4	We stayed here for 3 night, celebrating my birthday. As soon as we got here we had to check im guessing alot of people were doing the same thing becuz there was a long line. Once we got to the desk we were helped and everything went smoothly. We got to our room and it was perfect I liked everything about it mostly the bed and hot tub ;) lol. They comp u two drinks wich we didn't even use I don't knoe why :( anyways they have this amazing wave pool and lazy river which are super cool, but are overly crowded that's the reason they have 4 stars & also cuz housekeeping nvr came on the second day. We also went to the shark reef which is like $14.00 to get in. Its okay more for children.overall its a great place to stay I would stay here aqain
1	I always stay at Mandalay Bay during summer, for the kids to go to the wave pool. The pool area is still clean and safe as before. They let you bring your own beer and tube for the lagoon. For that part, it is a 5-star for sure!The only reason I am giving 1-star is their internet. The free internet (not really free, part of the resort fee you pay) is provided by Cox Business Calbe. And guess what? They are blocking VPN and I cannot log in to my work to check email!What got worse is that the support people denies they are blocking VPN. They make you think it is your computer. I googled and found a ton of post that Cox is blocking VPN.It also looks like Cox has a program running in the background trying to identify and terminate encrypted internet access (easy way to identify VPN). When you first connected their internet (agree to terms, etc., and you need to do that every 24 hours in the hotel), VPN would work. Five minutes later, VPN got terminated and you were not able to use VPN again.I am pretty high tech and so does my employer. I called my corporate tech support and we figured out why VPN is not working. So I "worked around" it and VPN started to work.Guess what? The VPN got killed about 4 hours later. This time it looks like they reset my connection (I had to agree the terms etc again although I just did it  a few hours earlier). The VPN workaround no longer works. The workaround I had was pretty sofiscated and it looks like someone had actively worked on to block it.What I really do not understand is why Cox is doing that. This is a business hotel and it is pretty common for business traveler to use VPN to log into their work computer. The VPN I am trying to use is Cisco VPN, which is also a very popular tool.I stayed at Monte Carlo last year and had the same problem. Their internet is also provided by Cox.VPN was working fine at Mirage last year. I think they do not use Cox.Unless I do not need to work, I will no longer stay at Mandalay Bay anymore.
1	I love the decor and the pool is great - but the last time i was there the front desk offered me extending check out - and then checked another person into my room while I was out having breakfast - with all my belongings still inside!   FAILI was so knkocked off my center by this sequence of events - i didn't remember to pick up my key which means now I will need a new car key (expensive and a hassle).
3	I did like the great pool of this hotel. However, you have to pay for every single little thing even to use the gym facility, they want to charge $25 per day! The Pool area is nice but then again so many restrictions for the kids. I thought my son could have enjoy the pool, specially the wave pool but but they claim he was too short ( missed by 2 inches) to be around there even with his own mother... I mean I love Vegas but this past time there was a little dissapointed.  I did think the Aquarium was nice, the shark reefs was great but then again very small and $$$$ I recall being there a few years back and indeed finding activities for kids, NY NY used to have bumper cars but this was no longer available. I made all the way to the Circus Circus, but they just had a bunch of archades games , not so much fun for a 5 year old. I guess in summary, Vegas is no longer a nice place for the kids... But it is indeed fun for Adults.. So much partying..
4	I visited Mandalay Bay for work one week and it's one of the best "older" hotels I've seen in Vegas, so not including Cosmoplitan, Aria, Vdara, Wynn, Encore, etc. First off, Mandalay Bay is HUGE! I mean, they have their own convention center, which housed 3 different expos simultaneously when I was there! The hotel lobby and casino area is luxurious and fancy. Think gold! The casino floor is definitely nicer and BlackJack tables have a minimum of $25-$100. In the center is Eye Candy Lounge. This place is always hopping. They even have a dance floor in the bad. Very baller place! Mandalay Bay's pool is called The Beach. It's amazing with actual waves and sand. They have a high rise mountain which live bands play in the center of the pool too. All of the restaurants and bars and lounges in Mandalay are all very luxurious, modern and spiffy. Totally a two thumbs up hotel. I haven't stayed in the rooms yet, thus I can't give it 5 stars just yet.
4	Maybe the rooms were not as good as it gets, but who goes to Vegas to stay in the room? The lobby is not your average mole hole casino type entrance. It's beautifully done in cream colored stone and elegant chandeliers. Tons of natural light which is rare in Vegas. If you have kids, stay here just for the wave pool, it's the best pool in Vegas. I won't stay at another hotel in Vegas if Mandalay Bay is available. The only complaint I have, and the reason I knocked off a star, relates to the front desk. Both check-in and check-out were a hassle and the staff was not at all apologetic. In fact, on check in they refused to extend our stay at the rate I was paying only to find out by calling reservations from our room that it was no problem. The check-out line took almost 45 minutes because so many people dispute charges. But hey, there are like 3000 rooms in the place so I am not too surprised.
5	Loved the room, the view, the concert arena, everything.  I was kind of surprised after reading some of the reviews on how old the rooms were, our room looked new and was really clean.  I would stay here again.
1	I hated it! We stayed here over the weekend and gheez first thing the room smelled like cigarettes and pot! We sprayed air freshener, so that took care of the problem... The room was ok, i Like the view of the skyline... I did not like their shitty customer service when i tried calling down because i had been charged over $100 in drinks which were still in the fridge. Apparently the damn fridge has a motion and weight sensor that each time you open the door or move stuff around the desk where the fridge is located it charges you for a drink!!! I tried politely asking the lady to remove those drinks and she told me "once it has been marked there isn't anything we can do about it." BS! I threatened them that I was going to call Amex Express and reverse the whole hotel charge and I guess that got the lady to change her mind. Once that was cleared I saw the charges again the day we were going to check out, so I called again and this time the lady was helpful and gladly removed those charges permanently Worse customer service ever... Never coming back again...
4	We were privileged to share a 1500 SF suite on the 32nd floor with friends that overlooked the strip. The suite itself was well designed for privacy and entertaining boasting fair finishes. Both rooms featured 2 full baths with a tub and shower in one and shower in the other. Cleanliness was not at best as there were some hair on the bathroom floor. The bed was comfortable and the wet bar came in handy. My only other complaint was the lack of free weights in the gym.  Only the cardio room is available for guests and additional equipment are extra in a seperate location.Great hotel for families, especially with the beach, but if you're looking for a hotel in the heart of the strip for the younger/hipper crowd, look elsewhere.
2	I was VERY excited to stay at Mandalay Bay since I had heard wonderful things about their accomodations and pools etc. But it was just a HUGE let down.From check in it was one thing after another. We ended up making a big stink later and got a nice compensation, but we are unsure if the message was receieved that if they want to be a high-end hotel they need to start acting like one...we'll see, have some comped rooms that will hopefully change our minds in the future.
2	It took 45 minutes (we timed it) to get checked in.  We stayed in a suite which turned out to be on the 3rd floor overlooking the roof.  You could not see any of the city at all.  Then we headed for the elevators and there was a huge crowd waiting to get on.  Fortunate for us, the 3rd floor uses a different elevator, the only plus!  The rooms were not dirty, but certainly not real clean. It is far away from the other casinos, which was nota surprise, but certainly not a plus.  There is quite a selection of restaurants, but again the wait at the cafe and buffet was long.Public restrooms were filthy!!!This was our first and last time staying here.
5	Granted, when I stayed here, it was with my friend who's father is a high roller and we got everything comped including the two bottles of Louis XIII ordered to the room and taken home in the suitcase...The rooms are huge -- the bathrooms alone are bigger than 2 out of 3 of my last apartments.  The restaurants, spa, bars, and casino are also top notch (though a bit on the pricey side -- so just remedy that by gambling more and becoming a whale)!  The pool area is possibly the nicest in all of Vegas -- endless river, wave pool with waves big enough to surf on, sand, and I believe there's an "European" area for adults.  There's even that shark tube thing where you can ride a conveyer belt surrounded by thousands of gallons of water and deadly sea animals.  The service is fast, efficient, and they never ask questions which is very important when your suitcase starts to leak unidentifiable fluids...I do wish it was in the main part of the strip but honestly, there's really no reason to leave once you arrive (which is the point, I guess)!  Oh...except for the scary-ass parrots* they have in the lobby. Ug...hate those things...-------------* I suffer from an irrational fear of birds.  Their beady eyes and claws...*shudder*  And pooping while flying is totally unnatural and just plain wrong.
4	Pool is good but don't like feeling like cattle as they holler at me to go past the blue line in the wave pool.  Suggestion: do waves for a few minutes then a period of still water.  Hint: Monte Carlo.  That and change the overly strict 'one towel per guest' rule and your pool would be the best!!!
2	I think this place is for families with kids who want to use the pool and don't mind the crowds and packed pool areas, especially over the holiday weekends. Adults traveling without kids should consider maybe another hotel, like the Wynn or Belagio. This hotel is a little out of the way to other hotels. Note-We never ate or drank anything from the stocked refrigerator in the room but had charges when we checked out. Apparently, if you remove an item just to look at it and put it back, you will get charged for it. There is some sort of scale in the refrigerator that can tell if you remove an item. So, check your room charges.
4	My boyfriend and i stayed here January 14-16, 2011. It's a very nice hotel. Rooms were clean, double sinks, shower with a separate tub and everything was convenient in the hotel. Hotel and casino is spacious. Food at "theCAFE" was excellent. Many restaurants in the hotel to choose from and there's even a Starbucks. The buffet was great. I recommend this hotel! 5 stars if it was in the middle of the strip!
4	We stayed here in mid-June for my Vegas bachelorette party and I was pretty impressed.  The hotel itself is gorgeous - lots of marble, open space, lounge areas, spa, fish tanks, etc.  Pool is huge, there's a wave pool, a lazy river and the entire pool area is covered in sand like a beach.There's a ton to do inside the hotel which is nice since this place is at the far south end of the strip.  Lots of restaurants, tattoo parlor, spa, hair/makeup, games, bars, etc.  Mandalay is also connected to THEHotel, which has a cool rooftop bar on the 64th floor.  There's also a pedway that connects Mandalay to the Luxor and Excalibur as well as a tram.  The pedway has a bunch of restaurants and shops to keep you busy.  All in all, a good stay.  The rooms were nice, beds were comfy.  The bathroom setup was a bit bizarre but that was my only complaint.
4	My friends and I came to Mandalay Bay in May for the first time. The hotel room looked a little smaller than the room pictured in the virtual tour, but it was still really nice. It was a little disappointing when we first got in the room to see a note left for the last guests that they "moved" (not consumed) something in the wet bar and will be charged. I've been to many hotels with wet bars, and they at least allowed a little room in the refrigerator for guests to put at least one of their own items in. This is, after all the desert, and I would have liked to have some gatorade or other thirst-quenching beverage cold and available for me to drink in the middle of the night. It also was a little annoying that the remote worked on both the livingroom and the bathroom tv...so when the person in the livingroom changed the channel, the bathroom channel changed too, and sitting in the jacuzzi wasn't a good time to get up and press the tv channel button...But, the room was gorgeous, and clean. The staff were friendly and professional.I also noticed that the ventilation in the hotel was great. Even as a smoker, when I went to Vegas the smoke in the air really got to me and I'd have to leave....now it seems to really get filtered out. A visit to Circus Circus confirmed that....The buffet was amazing! $26 per person...not cheap, but the food was way better than other hotels I've been to in Vegas. I'll happily pay a few bucks more for palatable food. The breakfast wasn't as good as the dinner- the waffles were undercooked...but in general I'm just not as excited about breakfast anyways. The dinner, which starts at 4:30, was excellent! I loved their chicken fried steak. Being used to the excellent foods of San Francisco and NYC, it was good to see food in Vegas improving...it's now somewhere that those of us who live on the coasts can visit and actually not hate the food!The things that attracted me to Mandalay Bay was that it's near the airport, the monorail goes through it, it was one of the few hotels with modern rooms (other than city center, which is four times the cost), and the fake beach! I have always had a fascination with fake beaches and wanted to check it out. I could have stayed in Vegas longer than three days because of all the pools and the beach, which is saying something because three days I'm usually wanting to come back home. It was a little odd that there was blasting music (music from my generation- the 80's to now), the lifeguards were yelling at people in the water not to do something, but they had no megaphones. I don't know how people are expected to hear them, clearly the offenders did not, and you could see the lifeguards frustration! Because it's not a real beach, holding your girlfriends hand and walking where the water is 3-4 inches deep at the "shoreline" is not permitted (probably because body surfers could hit them, but it really wasn't so crowded it wouldn't be obvious if someone was flying towards you, though I imagine at that depth the body surfer would get roadrash on the metal grate. It would have been nice if the pool area stayed open later.Oh- one word of advice...if you'de like to do the pool/beach area, it's best to either go before school is out for the summer, or if not you need to get there by 10am to get a spot...because even in May with no kids around on a weekday, there were few beach chairs (any spots to park your belongings and people) ...and there were only two of us going to the water. When we got there around noon, a guy came up to us because he saw us looking and told us to hurry up and get his spot they just left, and we got there right before other people did.Oh, and because I know this can be an issue in Las Vegas, we found Mandalay Bay to be gay friendly, even to butch dykes (Vegas isn't very fun, often times butch dykes run into disgustingly homophobic staff and guests), and we weren't the only LGBT's staying there.i would stay here again!
4	I am a strong believer that there are two kinds of places to stay in Vegas.  1) Casinos that have hotel rooms and 2) Hotels that have casinos in them.  Mandalay Bay is the second without a doubt.My hubby and I spent 4 days on the middle of the strip, boozing, gambling, and committing other forms of debauchery.  We then spent two days down at Mandalay Bay to recoup and detox. Mandalay is a beautiful hotel with great in-room amenities.  Large bathtub, glass shower, and WC.  in addition, the restaurant choices are extensive.  The pool is a large draw here, as other people have raved, so I don't feel the need to.  Let's just say, even as an adult, I enjoyed the wave pool and lazy river!  So the drawbacks.  1) There is no adult only pool unless you want to pay to get into the topless one.  I love kids, just not after a 4 day bender in Las Vegas.  2) All the restaurants close early.  After my hubby and I woke up from a nap (passing out) at 10pm we couldn't find anywhere open and walked to McDonalds (ugh).  3) It is SUPER far away from the main area of the strip.  I made the mistake of staying down here one year and I ended up spending hundreds on taxis and even more on my poor feet.  If you are in Vegas to Party, stay farther down on the strip.Mandalay is beautiful and very resort like.  It just depends on what you are looking for.  If you are bringing kids, this is a great option.  If you are looking for some R&R, this will also fit that bill.  However, if you are staying here expecting to make and quickly forget some bad choices, probably not so much.  Stay down towards the middle of the strip.
3	We're at the Mandalay Bay right now...  If I can give it 3.5 I would..  I feel like this place is a little better then Bally's (room wise) but the pool area was bad ass and the service was very good.  Yah, over all, I like this place.Would I come back?  Yah, most def...  Affordable rooms....  great pools...  I just wish the hotel was closer to the middle of the strip...
4	We made this vacation just for the pool! We came here 2 years ago and my fiance couldnt get me outta there! It does get annoying with all the kids in there though....cant catch a wave with all of em cutting you off.BE AWARE OF THE WAVEPOOL!!!! My fiance got beat up by it! He caught a wave and his face got smacked into the grate/drain. He was bleeding pretty bad and got cuts on his face, hand, elbow and tummy. The staff was very attentive with helping us with the situation though but thats about it.The room was nice, loved the bathtub and the bed pillows are just the way I like them...fluffy and squishy and not to firm.Would have liked to stay there the whole weekend....we will be back!
1	I can usually find something positive about every situation but this hotel experience was a disaster. The most offensive thing that ruined our while trip was trusting our belongings would be safe in our room. Money was stolen from the safe as well as a pair of shoes and a money voucher from our earnings the night previous... We entered the room while the maid was cleaning and she ran out quickly before we noticed anything was gone. Security did nothing but have us fill out a report so they could "investigate". They wouldn't comp us a cabana or anything to compensate for some of the stolen items via THEIR employees. Sketch.This place overbooks... There's never a free chair to sit at the pool, and it's not the place to go if you're looking to get away from the kids for a weekend. The hallways are thinly walled and you can ear everything from people down the hall at an early hour in the morning. Terrible service, the buffet had rubbery meat... The overall experience wasnt a positive one. Now to round it off with the only good experience - the shark reef was spectacular. I'll be staying at the cosmopolitan for my next trip. Perhaps they won't have thieves working there.
4	My husband & a few of my cousins came here in December. First time in Vegas, didn't really know where to stay - but Mandalay offered us a suite upgrade for the second night & who can say no to that. First off the front desk service at check-in was excellent. Everyone was very nice and accomodating, we arrived in Vegas at 10am and they had a room ready for us even though check in wasn't until late afternoon. The size of our room the first night was good, it slept my husband & myself plus my 3 cousins who didn't make it to their room that night. The suite upgrade room was even bigger, with a view overlooking the strip. All in all we had a pretty good stay. The hotel can be a bit confusing though, its pretty big and there aren't very many signs that tell you where to go. It was a mystery looking for the elevator entrance to take us to our room upon arrival. Also, gift shop was expensive for the late night munchies, so we stocked up at the Walgreens down the street. We would definently stay here again, it was affordable, rooms were spacious, bed comfy, large shower, suite had a tub and extra long vanity plus the clock radio was an ipod dock (awesome) and the staff was great.
4	Everything went well from check in to check out. No complaints at all. As for the players club, I liked it better before MGM took over Mandalay Resort Group.
4	Stayed at Mandalay on a friday through sunday weekend. First off I want to thank Kyle at the front desk.  Very cool dude.  He got my buddy and I rooms pretty close to each other on the same floor on a fight weekend. He just really took the time out and seemed to care.  Got there early in the morning on Friday so here's some of the stuffPool- Did a cabana on friday.  It was right on the lazy river.  Service was good and Mario actually brought us an Ipod radio deck to play in the cabana.  They give you inner tubes to float on which was nice.  There are a lot of kids at the pool.  So if you're not really into that than maybe the pool area isn't for you.  But if you have a cabana you are away from that at least.Rooms- Water was hot, bed sheets were clean and had a stocked fridge. All I really care about.  Ate at some cantina by the burger bar.  Food wasn't very good.  Steel Panther- If you got some time around midnight on friday and only want to spend $20 to get in go check these guys out. Not only do they play their own songs, they cover sweet 80's tunes and are funny as hell.  Place was packed.  Mix Lounge- At the top of The Hotel. If you are into hip hop and rap head up there on Friday night.  Definitely the other side of the spectrum from Steel Panther. But fun regardless.  Good dance hip hop music.  Saturday morning ate at the cafe  downstairs.  Eh is really all I can say. But stacie our server was really nice.  Bayside Buffet is also very good by the way.  Like I said earlier it was fight weekend so the place was packed. Never really had the dreaded elevator problem that everybody seems to talk about on here. Only once did it take awhile to get downstairs.  Mandalay after all these years still packs a punch.  Always worth doing if it's an option for ya.
2	We stayed here for a week.  The pool is great as always.  The service really took a huge drop.  There isn't enough wait staff anywhere in the hotel.  They are short on bell desk, valet, cocktail waitress, front desk, and help on the floor.  It took sometimes 15 minutes just for the few people they had to move the cars so we could park.  The Shortage of people seemed to show in the service.  There were some exceptions but you can tell that the staff doesn't even have a second to breathe.  They are inundated and frustrated.  You can't even find security who used to always be around to ask questions or directions.  I hate to say it because I loved this place for years but it just isn't what it used to be.
1	In hindsight, I wish I researched this before booking. As things turned out, my experience is NOT an isolated incident with this business if you research other travel sites. Many of our family members booked a mini family vacation here for a July weekend several months in advance DIRECTLY from their web site. After getting a confirmation and putting down a deposit($230/night) for our reservation, we thought that everything was set. What else could go wrong?When we arrived around 3pm check in time after tired 9hr drive. My heart sank after they informed me that we no longer have a room because they were overbooked(was a busy weekend, boxing event). Now why on earth would you continue to book people for the hotel rooms when you know you ran out of rooms!!! Isn't it suppose to be first come first serve?  When you don't have enough rooms to rent out for a particular day, aren't you suppose to stop booking more people! As I later learned, we weren't the only people that have this problem on that day. I overhear many other guests that were just as pee off  as we were after getting bump from the hotel. After pleading with them to provide us a room(didn't care if its down or up scale) so we can stay with the family without staying 3 miles away from the strip, they still wouldn't give us our room. All they told us was that they were sold out and the typical customer service talk. The only thing they did was give us some taxi money and transferred our stay to their sister hotel Mirage(also owned by MGM) for a complimentary stay and refunded us the deposit. In hindsight, I suspect that they bumped us because there were more people willing to pay for a higher rate that busy weekend. So obviously if they pay more, that'd be more $$ for the hotel. Just weeks before I went, I often checked the price of the rooms and noticed that the rate gone up by 50%+. So it sounds to me that the highest bidder wins.  What ever happen to  business integrity? Back in the days when you get a confirmation after making a deposit, its pretty much a done deal that you'll get your room.   If you don't mind rolling the dice, book this place at your own risk because of a confirmation don't mean anything.In the future, I'll have 2nd thought about staying at any MGM properties. Definitely Mandalay Bay is no longer a place I'd stay. Good luck to all that plans to stay at this place.
4	We stayed here seven nights for my birthday/our honeymoon.  The hotel itself is nice overall. The property is beautiful with lots of trees and water. They do a good job of creating a tropical oasis in the middle of the desert. The room was ok. We had a great view of the strip, with a floor to ceiling window, and the room was very large. The soak tub and the shower were nice. The furniture was a little worn and the bed felt flimsy. They also could have nicer linens. The sinks seemed to have leaks and dripped a lot at random times. Also, the temperature controls were weird.I think that Mandalay bay is one of the bigger, more difficult hotels to navigate on the strip. All of the elevators are crammed into a little hallway area so during the busy times it's just a sea of people all trying to fit into a small space.  Everything else is so spread out so it seems silly to have that all be so poorly designed. The shark reef was ok but like a lot of things, it was very out of the way. Seemed like it was on the other side of the property and even if you're staying there it's a long walk. If there is one reason I would stay there again it would be the pool. The beach and wave pool area are the best in Vegas and you can't beat all the different options for swimming, relaxing, lounging. Shade is definitely costly though, so if you're cheap, be prepared to sit in the sun and burn! We broke down and bought two cushioned chairs and an umbrella because it was just too hot in the sun! It came with free water and free access to the Moorea beach area, so I think it was worth it. I do the the resort fees are higher here and also the table games have higher limits than at most other hotels, so it's kind of annoying.
1	We checked in here at around midnight, and after some negotiation, they moved our check out time to 1pm.  This was overlooked the next morning, when they called our room to remind us of our "11am" check out time, so we had to then remind them that they had increased it for us.The worse part was the fact that their room key machine was broken, so they could not issue room keys for us.  Without a room key, the only way to get into the room, was to go to the front desk and have them call a security guard to open the door for us. This was extremely inconvenient..specially when the security guard took forever, and you're drunk and ready to pass out at 5am.We also received complaints that our room was being noisy, so we received the first strike out of three.  The third strike meaning that we would probably have to stay somewhere else...the thing is, we were not being anywhere near noisy...the noisiness was coming from others that were nearby us.  Lame.The next morning, the safe box that we kept our valuables was not working correctly, so we had to call the front desk to call a locksmith to fix it for us, further delaying our check out time.  The room is quite clean, but in reference to all the things above, the experience here was just crappy. Also, it is around a $15 taxi ride to get to the Venetian area to have fun -_-.
2	Aaahh crap I think Cosmo spoiled me. We down grade this time around since my friend can only get Mandalay bay from his company expense accountSo let's get to it.Pros:Decent room.Comfortable bedBuffet's coffee was fantastic. Can someone hook me up with their coffee brand? Cheap room rateCons:Long long wait at the elevatorLots of familyTerrible poker roomNo AC in the elevator
5	Even though the location of this hotel is way on the end of the strip, I still give it 5 stars.  I loved this place. The casino is new and clean, also has a great open layout.  The room was the best I've had in Vegas- big, the most comfy bed EVER, and huge bathroom with shower and great bubble bath tub.  The pools are awesome!  They have a pretty big wave pool, just as big if not bigger than wave pools at Wisconsin Dells.  They have sandy beaches and lots of palm trees.I've stayed at Mandalay, NYNY, and Mirage recently, and Mandalay is on top!
4	this is a beautiful hotel, and the rooms are amazing! I came here with my husband for a weekend and it was a great experience. Our room was gorgeous and clean, the bathroom was amazing! there was a tv right next to the hot tub. The best part of the bathroom was the huge shower head! it was like showering in the rain.
1	Well we checked in on the 21st of August for a six night stay. When We made the reservation we requested two queen beds and we did not receive that instead we were given a king and a portable bed, they did wave the charges for the bed, crib, and a refridgerator to keep my daughters homemade food in, she is about to turn one. We were told all of those items the bed, refrigerator, and crib would be in the room when we entered the room. They had plenty of time to prepair the room we arrived at the hotel at 1:15pm and were not able to enter our room until 3:00 pm. We entered the room only to find that the crib, bed and refrigerator were not there. We then noticed the room was very dirty the bathroom was filthy the floors were not cleaned at all we called the front desk and the sent a nice lady from housekeeping up and she hurriedly tried to clean the room as best she could with our family in the room she moped the bathroom floors to remove al of the stains sshe had to scrup the floors because they were stickey with soda or beer or food and tit looked like whomever had cleaned the room just walked all over the floor leaving traffic patterns of dirty shoes, she also had to vacuum because the carpet was dirty and under the bed was just absolutely gross .  We asked the housekeeper to check our air conditioner out and she could not make that work either so she tried to call maintaince, the room was extremely warm my daughter was tired the housekeeper really didn't finish cleaning the room there was black marks all over the bed skirt and the room was just very messy like maybe someone else had checked in and had seen the room was dirty and had moved, we didn't get to move. We received the bed,crib,and the refrigerator around 5:00pm and we were still baking in the room hot and tired with our frustration building I called guest services and they comped us our first two nights of our stay, that was about $80.00 a night and that was nice. The air conditioner was finally fixed at around 6:00pm and wow it felt great.  All of the staff were very kind and I tipped everyone that helped us in anyway $5.00 to the bellman that unloaded our car for us, $20.00 to the young lady that checked us in, $5.00 to the housekeeper, $5.00 to the gentleman from maintaince , $10.00 to the bellman that brought our bags to the room, and $7.00 to the gentleman from housekeeping that brought the bed, crib, and refrigerator. So now my daughter was hungry so I took some of my wife's homemade babyfood downstairs where we had eaten lunch and asked if they could warm it up for us again and they said no I was asking what happened between lunch and dinner that I could not have my daughters food warmed up and the Hostess said there is a new Chef on duty right now and that they were not allowed to warm up baby food. I went back up to our room and called to guest services if they had anyway of warming up food they told me that for $35.00 a day I could have a microwave brought up to my room, I then asked because of everything that has happened if they would waive the fee and was told no.That night we bought a microwave from Target for $44.00 and that problem was solved. So now I'm tired and ready to go to sleep and we go to take showers and the water is barely warm almost where you get cold taking a shower my sons did get cold when we gave them showers, but I didn't say anything I was very frustrated at this point however. So nothing happened for the next several days except for the shower being cold/warmish. Then on the third or fourth day of our stay my son woke up with what looked like bites to me and I thought they might be bed bugs, so I went down and talked to a manager and told her about my concerns and about the cold/warmish shower and she offered to move us to a suite for all the problems we were having. It took about an hour or so to pack up and unpack about another hour in the middle of our vacation plus I had to remove all the food from the refrigerator. I was not a happy camper. It was a nice suite but the next morning I called to see about the bed bugs and was told there was not any bed bugs. One or two days later I had several bumps/pimples on my elbo and wrist and my son had a large one on the back of his thigh. We didn't do anything to them but when we got home my sons was a huge pimple looking thing with a whitehead as large as an eraser on a pencil. It was gross we went to the doctor and she lanced it and about a tablespoon of the grossest stuff ever came out. He was put on antibiotics right away they new it was a staff infection. I went to the doctor the following day and was told I have staff and they thought I might have MERSA they took swabs lanced and used needles to get everything out it was nasty. Then on Monday. I found out I had MERSA for sure so I had to go back in and now I have to go see the doctor every other day for at least two weeks. Mandalay Bay took a report and said basically you didn't get it here. I know that we did.
3	Went on a business trip and love the experience. The buffet in the casino is the truth. Staffers was great with service. oo7oovii
4	A bit delayed on Mandalay Bay Review.Pros:Free (a weird deal/screw up on Expedia Canada)Let me check in at 7:30amComfortable bedsNice big bathroom and separate shower/tubCons:I can't become a fan of South Strip - not Mandalay's faultNot sure why, but I wasn't moved to gamble at allI can't think of anything else. The room rates seem to be too high to justify staying here again since you can pay about the same and stay in the Center Strip at either Bellagio/Aria for just a little more (or in my case, sometimes less at Aria).Overall, not a bad place but it's far and pricey.
1	I got MERSA while staying at Mandalay Bay so did my son who is 5. We were in the pool for 6 days and in rooms 32215 and 23334 wouldn't stay in these rooms until there cleaned really well and wouldn't go back in the pool unless I saw the water tests. I still haven't heard back from Mandalay Bay. Very poor customer service.Jim Larson  Tracy, CA
3	I stayed here over the weekend with some high expectations and I left pretty disappointed.  If you have a little extra money to spend, stay at the Wynn...that place has the best customer service and will make all the difference in your stay.  I got hooked up with a deal for $180 on sat night so I can't complain too much, but here they are:Cons:Valet: long wait to drop off car (15 minutes)Long wait for elevator - there was always a line, no matter what time of dayLong wait at concession/food standsAverage buffetSandpaper bath towelsStatic on TVOnly 5 working channels on TVPros:Larger than normal roomLarger bathroom with 2 sinksNice shower headFree lounge w/spectacular view  at "The Hotel" called "Mix" on the 64th floor My biggest complaint is the wait at the little food shop near the elevators.  It was 11pm on a Saturday and all I wanted was a soft drink to use as a chaser.  2 cashiers with long lines of 7+ ppl waiting - one was being held up trying to call the 800 number on the back of a gift card that kept being declined; the other had a customer asking for change on a receipt since the other cashier he was at did not have enough cash, which made this cashier walk over to the other (who was on the phone) and wait to speak.  This whole debacle literally took 15 minutes to solve.  All the while, a 3rd cashier in the back opened up only to start ringing people up from the back of the line....are you kidding me?  I wouldn't mind staying here again...it just doesn't compare to the Wynn
3	Nice hotel. Rooms were clean, but wished the maid would have changed out the sheets (also found a pill on the floor - brought our 4year old, so finding a pill on the floor was a little alarming to say the least). Hallways were littered with dishes and q-tips. Pool area was nice, but crowed, trying to find chairs difficult , unless you wanted to pay $50 for a "reserved" chair. For $50 you should get an umbrella (no that's an additional $75).Granted I'm here during the summer, but we are here during the middle of the week. The casino and lobby are were very nice. The absolute worse thing was the-freaking elevators!!!!!! You can make it to the top of the empire state building quicker then you could get an elevator. Catching a cab was always quick and easy. Over all had a nice stay, just had bigger expectations and was let down a little bit,
4	The last few times I've stayed in Vegas, I've always stayed at the Mandalay Bay. It's a beautiful, exquisite hotel with the numerous pools and beach in the back and the customer service is remarkable as well.The rooms are spacious with double sinks and a glass shower and large tub.Like others, I've found that the wait for the elevators is ridiculous. It seemed as though only 1 goes up at a time and that is not good for a hotel that big. I also don't like the fact that there isn't a microwave in the room, and the refrigerator in the room is full with wines and juices they EXPECT you to take because it is timed and they can charge it to your room.Other than those few cons, I would stay at the hotel again.
5	Mandalay Bay just became my new favorite hotel in Vegas... every thing is so new and luxorious, and there's so much to do in Mandalay Bay that we really didn't feel the need to leave. My only complaint is that my entire party became lost several times after leaving our rooms... it seemed like we never ended up in the same place. The elevator situation is complicated and confusing, but I did not experience long wait times like others have said.  It may be that they have an absurd lay out, or it might just be the alcohol.
5	Went to Fredrick's of Hollywood in Mandalay Bay, the valet were so sweet and the girl that helped me and my sister was very knowledgeable and patient with us. The shops at Mandalay Bay is worth this locals trip to the strip.
2	I stayed here from 8/13-8/17 2011. The pros are the pool and some good restaurants. The major con is that during our entire stay our room was NEVER cleaned. The carpets and bedskirt were dirty. Would NOT stay here again.
2	They have 9 elevators and only 2-3 will work so there's always a line and over crowded elevators. Rooms have no circulation and room service suck! Hotel is way too far from everything. I will never stay there again!
3	Mandalay Bay wasn't spectacular but it wasn't bad either. Definitely a couple things that you should look out for:-the elevators: everyone here is telling the truth. The elevators are slow and packed. it's like they only have one working. the wait is maybe about 5 minutes. it's not too bad but you can anticipate being crammed with ppl and floaty tubes almost every trip up and down from your room. -the line to check in is RIDICULOUSLY long. they have convenient check out procedures to prevent you from going through that line twice HOWEVER, the convenient check out (express through drop box, text, through video) doesn't give you a receipt. i'm still waiting on the charges to post, hopefully they're not crazy. Also something that I wanted to note was that while we checked in the person helping us told us that she had been working til 1am and was back at 10am working. she couldn't find our reservation bc she was on the wrong day... gah. when you check in you may get your keys but not your room number. they will call you to let you know your room number once your room is ready. -beach area is flooded with people but still enjoyable. if you're coming with your family you  may want to rent a cabana bc it's pretty hard to find a chair let alone a bunch all in a row. -there's a tram that connects mandalay to luxor and excalibur, save your feet!!!!!!!!!!!!! those are the things that stand out to me. aside from all of that the room was very spacious. OH, room service only came ONCE out of the 4 days i was there. we didn't put a sign on the door so WTF. oh well. not a bad spot to stay at. the casino itself is clean and appealing. it is all the way at the end of the strip though (also an older crowd for nightlife) so you can guarantee you'll need a taxi if you want to get to more jumpin parties and things. A-OK mandalay.
3	It would've been 2 stars if it wasn't for the pool/beach area.Abi U.'s review took almost every word out of my mouth.Elevators: yes....on my trip, the elevators for floors 17-36 i believe was backed up!!!!!!! I'm not sure if the front desk sent ALL guests checking in that day to this elevator but the line was so long it was irritating.Also, since I was on floor 17, by the time the elevator got to my floor, there were no more room for me and my guest to enter. I've never had elevator troubles in Vegas...not even at the 3 star hotel. And THIS....is supposed to be a 5 star????? .............sure.Didn't gamble here, just wasn't in the mood.It's so far down the strip...I call this side "the loser side of the strip." No happenin' nightlife and its a walk to the better resorts.Rooms: rooms started at 550sq ft. pretty big and room. It was clean so that was a big plus in my book. Only problem I have is THE LIGHTING!!!!!!! Its dim!!!! Soooo....if you're into having your room dark or if you don't want the person you're trying to impress see what you look like in the morning or without make up on...then this would be perfect for you. LOL.POOL: Only thing I like about this resort was the pool area. The wave pool/sand area was cool..never experienced something like that especially in Vegas. Lazy river was fun, but i'm sure its even more fun if you freakin rent/buy a donut floaty thing for freakin $28!!!!!!!! hell no....i'll just walk around the lazy river. Then there are two regular pools for those who just want to lounge/swim.Would I come here again? ehhh...probably not. Especially if its not summertime, there's nothing here that would make me come back. Being that it's at the end of the strip is a complete turn off. But oh wells...that's another hotel checked off my list.
2	Mandalay Bay used to be my fav hotel to stay in. I came here last weekend with a group of friends....omg, the rooms are so filthy now! The sheets had hair, the whole room is just old....they need a renovation!  We tried to check out on Monday pm....they had about 5-6 ppl at the front registering....there were a few ppl standing in the back (doing what???) there's lines and we had to wait at least 20 min! Now, I know there is such thing called Express checkout but I had questions as to why the bill is more. So I had no choice but to stand in the long lines. I think each person took about 10 min to register. Oh, I total forgot about the Buffet here. OMG, don't eat at their Buffet...NASTY!! We tried the dinner buffet, snow crab was warm (isn't it supposed to be cold?)
1	Just spent six nights at mandalay bay that made me appreciate all OTHER hotels/casinos on the strip. This was the worst place I have ever stayed at in Vegas. If you don't have kids then you probably wont like it here. The pools would be nice if it wasn't for the million children taking up every square inch. There is an adult pool area (its also topless) but be ready to pay forty dollars to get in for one day and another fifty if you want an umbrella. I would say you get nickled and dimed here but they gouge you way beyond nickles and dimes. I know everything on the strip is pricier but Mandalay takes the cake! Room was dirty (used tampon and some skank's filthy panties on the floor). Wife and I requested one king bed when reserving the room months in advance but ended up with two queen beds. Elevator situation is nuts, spent a lot of our vacation just waiting to get on an elevator (just one bank of elevators for the whole place). Valet lost our car on our final day. We should have really done our homework on this place before staying here. It's on the far end of the strip near the airport with nothing fun in walking distance.
4	I love their pool section, lazy river, wave pool. Their rooms are spacious and comfortable. I had really no complains. Like the others, I felt bored waiting for the elevators but the pool made me forget!
4	If I were a younger man, this would be my place to play.  As a 40-ish guy, its on the verge of what I'm looking for in Vegas.  Then again, all of Vegas is heading that way.  Generally, I'd say the Mandalay Bay is perfect for folks between their mid-20's and mid-30's with money in their pocket.Pools are great, although packed when it's a good pool day.  I got the feeling that there were plenty of folks there who weren't necessarily guests--but I could be wrong.  Overall, though, this place is perfect if you are looking for pools.  Were I one of those mid-20's to mid-30's guys with a better body, I'd feel like i fit in more--but such is life.Plenty of restaurants abound inside--most of which are pretty overpriced. That said, having eaten at just about all of them, I've never had what I would call a bad experience by Vegas standards.  Quality foods, upscale atmosphere, and you can't beat the easy walk.  Casino is upscale and with higher mins as you would expect with the decor/atmosphere.  Table play was fun and a bit classier than MGM Grand.  Totally worthwhile atmosphere if you are able to afford the higher mins, otherwise I'd head further down the strip--which is easy to do with the monorail going between Mandalay, Luxor (next door) and down to Excalibur (past Luxor and down the street). In the MGM empire (which Mandalay is a part of), this rates just below MGM-Grand (perhaps on par), yet above Luxor, and far above Excalibur.  For my money, I think I'll stay at MGM-Grand next time around unless Mandalay Bay makes it worth my while in comps via the Players Club (which is excellent, by the way!)
1	Ooohhh Mandalay Bay I will miss you....only because I will never stay with your establishment again.When you think of Las Vegas, Sin City, Adult Playground of the world, etc. do you really think of little bratty kids running around the casino hitting you with inner tubes from the wave pool?! When did Mandalay become such a freakin' haven for KIDS??? And for the A-Holes who do have those damn inner tubes from the wave pool or where ever they get them...DEFLATE THOSE THINGS BEFORE YOU GET INTO THE ALREADY CROWDED ELEVATORS!!!!! I thought about using the pins in the hotel provided sewing kit and walking around deflating all those damn things. Do you want to pay a $22.40 resort fee for each day you are at Mandalay to feel like you are at Disney Land? Yes I have always stayed at Mandalay Bay in the past, but never again. I will be staying at a more adult hotel for my next trip to Vegas next summer. What a bummer.
3	I'm going to keep this one short:1 star for:THE ELEVATORS - we had to wait in lines sometimes for 20 minutes or more before we could get on an elevator - especially during checkout on Sunday (we walked down 21 flights instead).2 stars for:Location - all the way at the south end of the strip. A little far from everything except the airport...Restaurants, shops, hotel entertainment - very expensive. Example? $17 sunscreen and $6 bottles of water. WTH?3 stars for:The rooms - comfy and clean, but you can hear everything in the halls.The wave pool - way too crowded and the pool was just kind of gross.Lazy river - fun, but doesn't come with flotation devices so we just walked through it - tons of children there!4 stars for:Landshark Lagoon - peaceful fun (21+ only), great waitress service, cornhole/bags, hot tub and a nice shallow pool to wade through.We spent most of our time at the pool or out and about in Vegas. I would rather stay at a more centrally located hotel next time.
2	Overall bad experience...just stayed this past wknd, .took 15 min to check in when only two people were in front of me, two working elevators the whole wknd, took 15-20 min to go up or down, .... employees are not friendly, pools were cool but not enough space to relax, free buffet wasn't anything special,  room was ok not worth the price, bathroom was nice, and spacious almost as big as the room, pizza from room service sucked.... would never stay here again.
4	Very soft beds. Rooms nice. Wave pool fun but crowded. Gotta watch out for what the tide brings in. Wish you didn't have to pay for lazy river inner tubes, if you go without you end up in people soup fighting arms and legs, inner tubes and beer spillage. Located at the beginning of the strip so be prepared to break your feet walking to other casinos. Tram going to Excalibur stops at 10:30pm.
3	Hotel - okay. Comfortable beds and nice rooms (depending on which you get to stay in). Large bathrooms with double sinks and hot tub with separate shower but small toilet room. Room service is decent. I'd definitely love the eggs benedict with (real) crab. Chicken wings are very good as well. Large and meaty.Pool: very family oriented so if you are looking for single people to meet, don't come here. There is a 21 over pool where women can go topless but it's way too expensive and I don't think many people come here.Casino: Not bad but tables normally aren't under $10 during a slow weekday. Buffet: okay but not great. Not a lot of choices but then again in Vegas meals can get pretty pricey really quick. So $25, ain't that bad.Cons: long lines when checking in or out. When I stayed here this past weekend, the computer system in the hotel was going through a complete overhaul and they weren't able to bill directly to my room. Bars are small and not very packed at all. This place was good about 10 years ago but not anymore. I've never really had a bad experience here though.
5	Absolutely my favorite hotel in all of Vegas! They have the best pool (a beach with a wave pool and a lazy river) and the crowd is perfect if you are in your 30's (i.e., Hard Rock and Palms are for the 21-year olds and MGM is for families) and they have so many restaurants to choose from, great attractions like concerts on the beach, the lion king play and the Shark Reef aquarium. Our rooms are always comfortable, lush and quiet and the service is impeccable.
3	It was nice but I will never stay there again!
4	This is my favorite budget friendly hotel in Vegas!I usually stay at MGM for work (plus it's cheap), and when I'm vacationing either Encore, Aria, or Pallazo (more expensive but better when I want to enjoy).However, because of a 2 free night deal, we decided to give Mandalay Bay a shot, and we were pleasantly surprised.The lobby/entrance is nice, fresh smelling, and open... which is a trait I love about Wynn/Encore/Aria.  The staff were very friendly, and helped us out with everything.  Casino floor was adequate, dealers were friendly, there were plenty of tables open, and the vibe was nice and relaxed.  I was able to sit down and play for a good 3-4 hours with no problems, save for the occasional drunkard playing 1 hand and then leaving.There are also a lot of nice restaurants and a nice shopping area... as well as an aquarium.  The aquarium was kind of fun, but I admit I would not go back unless my niece wanted to again (she is 2 years old).  She thoroughly enjoyed the aquatic life, however I thought it was a bit short and not very awe-inspiring.The coolest thing about this hotel, however, is the pool!  Out of all the pools I've been to in Vegas, this one takes the cake!  The real-sanded beach leading to the wave-pool is the best place to come and relax and enjoy a drink or too.  There's also beach side food to keep you satisfied, and music is just loud enough so you can bob your head yet not get a head-ache.  They also have a beach-side gaming area where you can gamble, I wish I had more time to check that out.  What can get better than gambling by the beach??? Hot cards, hot girls, hot weather, and alcohol... sounds perfect to me!The rooms were also very nice.  We got a 2 queen bed room, it was nice and spacious and the bathroom was updated as well.  There was also a nice sitting area with a desk for us to prop open our laptops and check e-mails/etc.  Only bad thing about the room is our carpet felt a little bit damp, hopefully it was people coming from the pool and not something else.... oh well.  Other than that, room seemed fresh and clean... it was a lot nicer than rooms at places like MGM, but a step down from Pallazzo, Aria, Encore... etc.Overall, this is a great hotel.  For the price, you can't really beat the experience! For something cheaper, go to MGM or something like that, for something more sophisticated, you can give encore/pallazzo/cosmo a try.  I would definitely come back here again with my buddies to enjoy the sun!All in all, would definitely come back here again to enjoy the pool area and what not.
3	The Mandalay Bay is lovely.  Our room had a view of the strip, was quiet, extremely comfortable, and more or less convenient to the strip.  The pools are great, but very very crowded, so be warned.  The service is pretty good, although checking in and out takes a long time. HOWEVER, the elevator takes forever.  So long that I will likely never stay here again.  I have to routinely wait OVER 30 MINUTES to get down the elevator from my room.  This is insane and makes it impossible to make plans/meet people/catch a flight.  Bottom line: great hotel, but not worth the crushing misery of the elevator fiasco. Also, the resort fee is ridic.
3	We went to Mandalay to see the Volbeat concert at the House of Blues. Our room was really nice and clean with a great bathroom. Wonderful breakfast for room service. My only real complaints are the hidden fees and outrageous prices, $22 resort fee on top of the $170 I already spent for the room. The $5 cover charge for breakfast. $7 for a 12 oz. beer. The prices were too crazy for me.
2	Overall 2 stars.Elevators- 0 stars.  We had to wait a VERY long time and often they arrived FULL.  People very getting very irritable and it seemed that only a few were working over the holiday weekend.  Room- 4 stars.  Nice, clean, comfortable, good view.  Downside, we requested a fridge.. hard to get someone to answer the phone and then they wanted to charge us $35 per night to bring the fridge.  Workout- 1 Star. We paid an extra resort fee to include our workout.  We then discovered this only includes a cardio room which was busy and included no weights.  They wanted us to pay 25$ extra to visit the weight room located near the spa.  They should tell you this when you make reservations. Food- 3 stars.  The Japanese restaurant had a happy hour and the portions were tiny. and food was just okay. The service was terrible and we sat at the bar. The seats were terribly uncomfortable.  Then we ate at the burger place and it was delicious with good service.Pool- 4 stars.  The wave pool is cool.. too bad they don't host some games out by the pool.  The service was good, the sand was nice.  Location- 3 stars. Easy to get in and out of. Valet was very quick.. and they kept our stuff we had to store in the car safe. It is a bit far from the rest of the strip.
1	SHADY, SHADY HOTEL. I wanted to like this place. I would've too if I didn't end up getting my cash stolen out of my wallet, from in my bag, in my hotel room. We had an electrical problem in our room (TV and some lights weren't working, does this happen often?), so we called guest services to have someone come up to fix it. We head out for the night, and I come back and pass out. The next morning, I get ready to go to the Lion King desk, to try to surprise someone with the tickets. Instead, I look in my wallet and realize that over $300 had gone missing. The considerate bastard did leave me $16 though. Well eff you anyway. I end up ruining the surprise and waking up my surprisee to go complain to management with me. We're sent to the security desk and basically treated like shit. "Oh you're not a registered guest here?!" We were pretty much nobodies to them since the guy we were staying with didn't register our names. Like people don't do that all the time, especially in Vegas! The more effed up part is that we knew pretty much who exactly took it, if they even bothered to investigate. But whatever, I will NEVER ever stay here again. Other more considerate casinos deserve to take my gambling money for actual gambling. Plus this hotel is way far from the rest of the strip, where the real fun is. BEWARE FOLKS!!!!!!!
4	It's a very nice place to stay if you don't mind either a hike or a cab ride down LV Blvd. (or the tram, never forget the tram), and their selection of restaurants is nice and varied -- from burgers to Aureole to happy hour sushi.  Their pool area is very large, and they even have an amusing little inflatable raft float-along.  The hotel itself is kept very nice, I've yet to see a run-down spot.  The shark reef is a fun family trip (or bored twentysomething to-do trip).
2	It's a nice hotel, the biggest draw obviously being the pool area. With multiple pools, lots of seating (although no shade unless you pay an arm and a leg for it), and a beach, it's a great area to hang around on a sunny afternoon.The hotel itself is decorous. It also has great food options (I enjoyed breakfast at Raffles) and bar options. Both items are very important for a Vegas hotel. The carpeting in the room itself was in desperate need of a good cleaning or replacement. I do not really want to be reminded of the years of partying that it has endured...Also, as numerous reviews below have mentioned - the elevators at times took FOREVER. I thought people were exaggerating. No, they were not - and I have been in Vegas for multiple New Years Eves when there are masses of people trying to get to their rooms - this was worse.The reason for only 2 stars, and my biggest complaint, was our check-in experience, and our overall customer service at this hotel. The woman that checked us in was very rude to us (making fun of our name!), not helpful when asking about upgrades (yes, I was trying to give them more money!), and then gave us the wrong room number!! After waiting an hour to get an elevator to go to our room to find that someone else was already in that room, we had to trek it all the way back to the desk, where she insisted we were mistaken and we should try again! Then, after looking at her computer says, "oops, I was a number off". And then essentially pushes us off to help the next guest. I realize people make mistakes all the time, no biggie, but a simple "sorry for that" would have gone a LONG way.We experienced more rude workers at the pool, valet and our service at Raffles was beyond slow. All in all, I have stayed at most hotels on the strip (from the Imperial Palace to Encore), and this was the worst for customer service. Why spend the money to stay there when there are so many other options that still value customer satisfaction??
4	I was really happy with the room considering I didn't pay much for it. The beds were comfy, the bathroom was big, the shower was awesome, and it had a fantastic view of the strip.The staff seemed like they didn't really care but they were friendly enough and the check in/out was really fast. The elevators were never a problem.The casino was a casino but the cocktail waitresses were really friendly and brought me lots of free drinks.  I left with an extra $100 in my pocket (from just slots) so I can't complain!The one thing I wasn't thrilled about was the resort fee. I didn't use the pools or anything so I feel like I shouldn't have had to pay it but it is what it is.I will be returning!
1	$260 charged to my room in the first 5 minutes of my stay. Yep. Turns out THEY MONITOR WHAT YOU DO IN YOUR ROOM. Take a coke out of the fridge, but decide you dont want to pay $4.50, so you put it back, well guess what. YOU ALREADY GOT CHARGED FOR IT!! That's right. The fridge IS WIRED. Oh, and you have 30 SECONDS TO PUT IT BACK EXACTLY WHERE IT WAS, or you will be charged, whether or not you actually drank it. Tell me, what grocery store does that? Its unbelievable. Maybe next they should wire the toilet and charge you each time you take a $h!t. Oh, and after three people told me that the charges would be removed, they weren't. There is nothing written on the fridge that warns you about this either....and the "free daily buffet promo code". Well I got charged $200 for my "free" buffets. Remember the nice friendly staff at the front desk? Well apparently they quit and went to work at the motel-8 across the street where they still let you stick your beer in the in-room fridge....Also, now they charge a "resort fee" which apparently covers your "free" internet and a daily newspaper that never shows up. This fee is not included in the advertised rate, nor is it included in the receipt you get emailed. Only when you show up to the hotel are you hit with this fee. Bait and switch. The advertised rate is simply FALSE ADVERTISING. Here's a suggestion:  How about GIVING PEOPLE MORE THAN THEY EXPECTED INSTEAD OF CHARGING MORE THAN THEY EXPECTED!!!
5	I like this hotel! Great pool of course...super fun! It's very comfortable and upscale for the price point, and my girlfriends and I all seem to agree to stay here when we meet in Vegas...always a great time & comfortable stay! Super budget friendly!
5	I do not understand how someone could not fall in love with Mandalay Bay once they stay here!  Wave pool was amazing - we made bets (duh, its Vegas) on who would fall, or how many people would fall per wave. Then karma bit me in the a$$ and I took a tumble walking out...We were here in May, which I was told is the "off season", yet everything was still open!  The casino is large and just as nice as every other casino we went to.  Being at the end of the strip gives you an awesome view, and make it up to the bar up top for an even better view of the whole strip.  Everyone complains that they were charged for chips/drinks in the hotel room but they specifically make that a point to explain to you when you check-in, as well as, signs in the room. So sorry but that is your own stupidity, not theirs!  We got a cheap price for our room (can't say we spent a lot of time in there) but it was an amazing view, very well kept, beautiful and a lot of fun!
2	I expected more out of this when i stayed over a year ago here.Wasn't impressed at all, the Bellagio had better rooms and even that hotel is an "eh". The account service is HORRIBLE to work with!!!!. There friendly BUT do not help you when it comes to returns and phone calls returned.. not even after literally MONTHS of calling every other day or so!, you figure they would help when THEY made the mistake of charging me twice.. be extra cautious and avoid the situation.
1	Had it not been for the crappy customer service, I might consider going back. First, there was a 'surprise' left in the toilet, I'm guessing from the cleaning crew. They did give us a 75.00 credit for that so that was nice. Second, we got a notice halfway though our stay of what we needed to know what to do when we checked out the next day. I called down to customer service to confirm our checkout date and the lady got an attitude with me! Third, the seals around the doors are not great and even though you are in a nonsmoking room you still get wafts of smoke in from the hallway. Would never stay here again unless it was free.
2	It's tired.  It has thin walls.  The staff doesn't abide by their own green policies and will change your linens every day.  Said linens smell oddly of coffee candies.  Their idea of removing down from a room is to drop off a bunch of non down pillows on top of all the down pillows and down comforter on the bed.  The mini bar isn't fully stocked, which seems odd - why leave holes?  The stuff that is there seems old (the chocolate I opened had clearly melted at some point and resolidified).  The elevators take FOREVER and the doors rarely close unless you hold the door close button.  I dunno, if you get a good rate I'm sure it's worth it, but I'm not chomping at the bit to come back.  THE Hotel however, that's a horse of a different color. . . .
4	4.5 out of 5 stars!!  I really liked this place despite being further from all the action of the Vegas Strip.Let me say that this place is classy and it has a more older appeal but that doesn't mean that its boring.  The hotel is large, its clean and it has everything you could want in a Vegas Resort.  I came here for a convention for work but that didn't stop me from having a little fun.  The Casino is large and they have an awesome Sports book area.  You can walk over to the Luxor, which is right next door, in a connected walkway.  They have shops, pool area, and anything else you can imagine.  Now I hear some people on here gripe about the monitoring of food and drinks and what not in your room and its true...they have sensors on the items and if you remove it then it charges that item to your room.  Now if you didn't use the item and put it back it will still be charged to your room if you didn't put it back quick enough....I learned that the first day. But if you gave this resort 1 star because of this, you are a complete F-ing moron.  If you are not smart enough to call down to guest services to inquire about any charges or when checking out to review your bill then you deserve to get charged for your own stupidity.  I asked about any charges to my room because my company was paying for it and I didn't want any erroneous charges to be put on the company account.  I picked up a few items in the room to read what they were and it showed up, but I told them that I did not use any of them and they immediately removed the charges.  They want you to gamble, they could care less about an in room soda or liquor.  They give that shit away when you are gambling anyways.All in all this place was great.  I loved it.  I probably will stay closer to all the action of the strip next time, but if you want a place that is a little quieter but still within walking distance, then this is the place for you.
1	Rude Staff! will never stay at this hotel even though I like their pool. do not keep your reservations even if you have a confirmation number. basically their attitude is you should be grateful we have a room for you even if its not the one you requested. we don't reserve the room you requested we just take a reservation and that doesn't guarantee you get the room you requested. unorganized check in experience at the hotel lobby. I was able to immediately get a room for the same price at MGM, which they call their "sister hotel" , way better than Mandalay Bay
4	I really enjoyed this place despite the fact that it's farther away from the strip. Really nice casino - well laid out. Great pool! I can't wait to come here again.
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE: - Great Room Suite with cool couch, comfy bed, jacuzzi tub, and rainfall shower.- The Beach and the lazy river for laying out getting ones tan on. And floating in and having hysterical belly laughs with one's bff as she acts like a dolphin.- That I won $120 twice in the casino playing nickel machines.- Great resturants on site.LIKE:- Yogurt In. Would love but probably responsible for me gaining 2lbs there. Damn you delicious frozen yogurt with my choice of toppings!- Views from my room were okay, other people there with us had nicer views in normal rooms (I expected my Suite to be big pimpin')- Onsite Shark Reef thingamabobber.COULD DO WITHOUT: - Elevators at the weekend took forever and would be full. I was there getting married, and some of my guests almost missed a limo to the chapel because of a lack of elevator space.- Indoor smoking - but that's all Vegas hotels I suppose.
4	Arrived here late one Thursday night.  Walked through a nice, big clean casino.  Plenty of the penny slots with the mini games for those who don't like to lose their shirt gambling, but would like a steady flow of free alcohol.  The Sportsbook is nice, plenty of screens, though I do wish the seating was more comfortable.  Got to the room.  Nothing impressive, but still clean.  Beds feel like typical motel beds.  I guess i'm used to the awesome Heavenly beds from the Westin chain of hotels.  Nice bathroom with the water closet.The next morning we get to the pool.  Gotta say  this has to be the best pool area in Vegas.  The wave pool is a nice change of pace from other bland Vegas pools.  It's up to 7 feet deep, and the water doesn't look like its home to Swamp Thing.  Every 2-3 minutes there is a good size wave.  Not quite as many waves as I would prefer, and I would like to see bigger waves, but cool nonetheless.   Next to the wave pool is a lazy river.  The Lazy river is in a shadier area, which is nice on those 100+ days where you need to get out of the sun.  My advice is to grab a inner tube and a beer, ignore the 'No drinks in pool' rules (the lifeguards don't seem to care), and go for a cool, leisurely float around the river.  If you're looking for a hotel with a great spot to relax, why not stop by here?
4	pros:1. close to the airport. transport in and out is quick.2. the 'beach', wave pool and lazy river are super family friendly and fun. my kids had a blast there.  the beachside grill and to-go food stand are priced well and offer pretty decent food.  if you're looking for a basic breakfast (sausage mcmuffin, ham mcmuffin, muffins, for about $6) i'd recommend eating here even if you don't plan on going into the water. some of the breakfast restaurants inside the hotel are a rip-off.3. great prices on rooms.  i got a room for $65 (before tax and resort fee) through priceline.com4. great, clean buffet (bayside cafe)5. free tram to luxor of excalibur. then you can walk further north to the rest of the strip6. foundation room lounge was very chill and had great views.cons:1. very far southern end of the strip.  if you're trying to get to the main part of the strip you'll have to cab or it's going to be a long walk2. nightlife options are kinda weak. but if you don't care, who cares.
4	Really nice stay here.  Large rooms at decent prices.  Good selection of restaurants.  The beach swimming pool was kinda lame.  Foundation Room has a great view but the doormen downstairs need to back off a little on selling the cover charge and bottle service.
1	CON CON CON CON!  If I could give them zero stars I would.  I stayed there about 2 weeks ago with my girlfriend to go party and have a good time.  Well from the moment we walked in to waiting 25 minutes to check in, not having our room type available, being downgraded, giving us an occupied room, coming back downstairs, waiting another 25 more minutes.  They were neither apologetic nor accommodating.  They offered to comp one night... which keep in mind we were paying more than $340 a night for serivce with an "F" you attitude.  They were not able to comp the first night since we booked thru hotwire, too many red tape blah blah blah.  So they offered us a $200.00 f&b credit.  The restaurants suck at the hotel and are so hard to find.  The restaurants were not showing the credit and so we had to call and straighten that out.  They did offer to give us 4 access passes to their spa facilites but unfortunately the spa was only showing 1.  The service, food, rooms suck.  I will NEVER stay there nor would I ever recommend it.  That's what we get for staying there when we could have stayed at the Wynn.
4	I had the pleasure of staying her about a month ago.  I had stayed at THEhotel about two years ago and loved it.  Mandalay was more of the same!Great hotel with plenty of amenities and comfortable beds.  The bathrooms are spacious.The casino is one of my favorites on the Strip.  Always well lit, clean and does not feel claustrophobic even though the weekend gamblers are high in number.The "resortist" theme pays off well, because they can rely on being a straight-up nice place, rather than having to rely on the novelty-theme to get people in the door.I enjoy gambling here, watching sports here, and staying here.Highly recommended.
1	Hotel and Casino is beautiful... Could've given 5 stars however...-1 for thin walls... i can literally hear my neighbor partying next door. What do you expect, its vegas but come on! go to the club or something! I paid a $200 / per night room for this? wow...-3 very unprofessional staff.a) The hotel guest services during check in is talking to fellow worker while attending us. They're bad mouthing about a co-worker taking early breaks, blah blah. tsk tsk tsk. very unprofessional.b) Hotel security is rude. I just asked for some parking info and raised his voice at me. I'd suggest he should take some anger mgmt sessions.c) I left something valuable @ my room and found out when I arrived home. Called lost and found twice and left voicemails politely asking to call me back. Got a call back the 3rd day and the voicemail goes "Hey man, I dont usually call but your stufff is nowhere to be found. I'm leaving in 2 minutes so if you want to call i might be gone already".overall, beautiful hotel but worst staff in vegas!
4	My boyfriend attended a conference here, so we were able to stay here at the conference rate for a few days. We had an amazing strip & airport view from the 34th floor. Complimentary WiFi in the rooms. Nice spacious, modern rooms. Flat screen TVs in the bedroom and bathroom. Two closets. Bed was nice and soft. Room service breakfast was not that great, so I would recommend going to the restaurants (i.e. Fleur, The Cafe). If you want to rent a refrigerator, it's $35 per day. Luckily, we had a cooler with some drinks and just filled that with ice. A little ghetto, but smart. :) There are trams that go to the Luxor and Excalibur Hotels. Valet is complimentary, but don't forget to tip. The gym is also included. I had good intentions to go, but found myself walking around the outlets all day long. Whoops. I didn't have a chance to check out the pool either. :( All in all, we had a great experience here and would recommend it!
3	Mandalay Bay is beautiful. The rooms are incredibly comfortable and the pool, lazy river, and wave pool are great. Many rooms seem to come with large bathtubs, which is awesome. It's really a nice property. However, the service at Mandalay Bay, though not the worst I have ever encountered, leaves something to be desired. Upon check in, the front desk went out of their way to put me in my place for asking for my free meal vouchers (part of the package I booked). The staff (not including housekeeping, who were super nice) just seemed very pretentious and smug. It was annoying, to say the least. When you pay $200+ a night for a hotel room (in Las Vegas, where perfectly nice rooms are always available less than $100 a night), you expect great customer service. We requested a late checkout the day we were supposed to depart (due to a canceled flight) and were told it would cost extra, even after explaining the situation. We weren't asking for a free night or anything, just a couple of extra hours. It was not to be.The gaming floor is great. They probably have one of the most comfortable sports books on the Strip. The decor is nice. The rooms are nice. If only the staff wasn't so horrid.The only other crazy annoyance about Mandalay Bay is how long it takes to get a down elevator every morning. Having stayed at many hotels in Las Vegas, I will admit that it can, at times, take a few minutes anywhere. At Mandalay Bay, every day we left the room between 10 a.m. and noon, it took no less than 8 minutes for an elevator (that was not totally full) to appear. One day it took nearly 15 minutes. Take the stairs, you say? Sure! 30+ flights of stairs, NO SWEAT. You would think in Las Vegas, land of incredible engineering and adult magic, they would have some sort of solution to this problem...
2	Room: Nice. Casino: OkRoom Elavators: SLOW. It took us every day about 10-30 mins just to get to our room from the casino level. The worst.   Eye Candy Bar: TERRIBLE Service. Bartenders ARROGANT and drinks expensives. $8.00 for a botttle of Coors Light. Ouch!!Red Square, China Grill: Good happy hour drinks and food.Lupo Restaurant: Great food and service. Nice portions. Irish Pub: Terrible service and food was greasy and bad. Bad choice.Valet Parking: The worst. Waited in a long line several days returning from meetings at least 20-30 mins waiting for vallet service to park. Pick up was great. Fitness Center: Cardio room free. Not great. The real gym is at The Hotel and $15.00 per day to work out. Rip off. Foundation Room (Top of Hotel Bar): Boring and not worth a look. They do have a 2 for 1 card from 6-10pm. Nice place but just a weird vibe and boring. Go to another place for bar scene. A bunch of "Meathead/Monster drinking/Tattoo guys" in place.
3	I've only stayed here once, and I didn't pay for the room so what hell do I care.Had the pleasure of staying here with three lovely ladies. One who I was dating at the time. I normally stay at THEhotel. And our group had actually booked a room to stay there as well. But upon check in, someone screwed up the room reservation. I really didn't care. It wasnt the resorts fault.Rooms are clean, bathroom is roomy. Sheets and bed are ok. Service was attentive when it came time to clean the rooms. I yet to check out their pool and go swimming. Which I always regret. But their spa is pretty bad ass. Grabbed lunch at the hussons cantina. Pretty good food. It's Mexican food FYI. Casino is average. I did however win 800$ on the slots. Which is always a plus. So in the end, it's a slightly above average hotel and casino. I also forgot to mention their tram can take you to either Luxor next door. Or Excalibur passing that. Which is great if it's a 100 degrees plus outside. Look for online discounts though. Try not to pay full price. Those discounts are always floating around on line.
4	I really like the casino, even though it feels old (at least compared to our usual spot - Planet Hollywood) it is so much more comfortable.  It is less loud, less crowded, ran well...  We did a lot better gambling there.  The complementary coffee is strangely addictive.  A few grumpy old dealers, but oh well.  One of the funniest dealers I have ever played around was there, so he made up for the grumps.  Our room was nice at the same time not, I think maybe it is dated or the housekeeping needs a little tune up.  The tub was dirty, the sink was backed up, the shower was grimy (and I hate those metal seats they have), the sheets were crunchy.  BUT it was still comfy and enjoyable, our view was nice, the pool is GREAT and it has some really good places to eat :)
1	I had a horrible experience at Mandalay Bay, upon arriving they gave my room to someone else which I had booked 2 months before. Then they stuck me in a smoking room, then I had to get moved again to a smaller room with a smaller bed, which is the last thing you want to be doing at midnight. They offered no apology, nothing. It's impossible to get service at the front desk and in general they were very rude and unhelpful. They have a nice pool, but that's it, I definitely won't stay here again.
4	We recently stay there over the summer with my wife and we had a great time. We stayed at the Mandalay Bay and it served its purpose! Everything went as smoothly as possible. The BEST part if you don't have kids (we do but it was our getaway without kids) is the Moorea "topless" private pool. Definitely worth the $40 you have to pay to get in. No kids, No crowds of people, just you and whoever you're with chilling by a pool with a drink. Ladies felt very comfortable IF they wanted to take off their tops and weren't bothered by anyone. Overall we would stay there again if the opportunity presented itself.
5	This is my absolute favorite place to stay in Las Vegas.  To me, Mandalay Bay is the best of both worlds: the resort is classy but the bars and restaurants aren't exorbitantly expensive.The grounds are beautiful and of course the pools are la creme de la creme. Check out the happy hour at House of Blues and Red Square.
5	I've stayed at the Mandalay Bay upon two occasions and have been very satisfied with both stays. The staff is very nice, the facilities are all very clean, and the overall experience is very pleasant. The things that really stood out to me about the Mandalay Bay are the beach/pool area and the cardio center.  They've designed the pool area to look like a beach, they have a lazy river [inner tubes could be rented for an arm and a leg], and they have nice areas for you to sunbathe. The cardio center really came in handy my most recent stay at the Mandalay Bay because I paid for the buffet of buffets deal that Harrah's has going on. I hopped on the exercise bike and/or treadmill in between every meal to hedge against the damage.The Mandalay Bay has one of the best sportsbooks in Las Vegas. The fact that they have The Lion King playing there definitely brings in a lot of guests. There are a number of nice restaurants opened up by celebrity chefs like Hubert Keller, Susan Fenniger, Rick Moonen, and Wolfgang Puck. There is ample parking in the self-parking area, although the layout of the parking structure can be funny to navigate if you're a first time visitor. I really appreciate how pleasant, clean, and nice the Mandalay Bay is.
3	This is a pretty nice hotel....The Mandalay Beach is amazing.The room is huge....the bathroom tub is inviting. The shower with the glass door is sexy...and the toilet with its own seperate stall and phone; awesome. Two bathroom sinks...and a mini bathroom TV while you take a bubble bath. OH EM GEE. Considering this super sick amenities... there's no.... HAIRDRYER in our room??? are you kidding me??I called Guest Services and my hair dryer came to the room when my hair was already dry..from waiting. Thanks a lot.Checking in was a pain too. There were only 3 people working the long line of people.Location wise: Never again. Too far away from all the fun on the strip. There's a tram but the tram shuts down at 11pm. Taking a cab from the hotel is an option...but keep the cash and spend it elsewhere. WARNING: Do not touch anything from the fridge. they have a super smart fridge that charges you if you pull their overpriced drinks out to chill your own beverage and alcohol. King sized bed: Boyfriend and I loved the plush mattress and plush pillows....The room has enough room for my boyfriend to do his Insanity workout. I think our hotel room is bigger than our apartment.We enjoyed our stay, nevertheless.Good price for a really high end hotel.
4	We are enjoying our stay at Mandalay Bay.  It is a bit confusing have the three hotels in one- Mandalay Bay, The Hotel and Four Seasons.The staff have all been friendly and accomodating.  The gal at check in gave us a lovely room.  The view is a perfect straight on glance down the strip- room 18211.  Recommend!The atmosphere and cliental are all nice.We have eaten at three of the restaurants so far- Burger Bar (YUM!), Ri Ra Irish Pub (even better!), Verandah (crazy expensive but a beautiful atmosphere).
5	Really great Buffet. One o the best in Las Vegas
3	I was looking at the reviews and then it suddenly struck me that almost all the ladies here loved the pool. As if rest everything else didn't matter!! What if you don't rent a car and depend on public transportation?  Did all you ladies stay in the pool for the entire time during the stay? How did you get to the other casinos, shopping eating, site-seeing. I was expecting reviews about these with respect to Mandalay Bay. Is Mandalay Bay worth staying if you spend a lot on cabs or had to be time constrained for trams?
1	Came into Vegas for business/and also to attend the SEMA show.  Our company decided to stay here.The major complaints are as follows:1. the non-smoking rooms reeked of cigarette smoke.2. After my meetings - went back to the room to do some emails, and pull back the covers to the bed - only to find the bed was soaking wet with what I do not know!I called the front desk - and they apologized and said they would clear it up first thing in the morning.  You can imagine, how I feel after jumping into a bed that is soaked with the unimaginable!3. I ended up sleeping in the chair by my computer because they would not help me change rooms until the following morning!All the Mandalay Bay could muster up was a big $50.00 credit (no new room) Do not bother with this hotel, with the way the economy is - all the other 4 and 5 star hotels in Vegas are so much better........with much better customer service.  Try Bellagio or Ceasars.
4	This review is primarily for Mandalay Bay's casino. I stayed at THEHotel and have a separate review for that joint. As far as Mandalay's casino goes, I have a hard time complaining. They offer up the usual compliment of card tables, slots, video crack (poker), craps, a huge sports book and all sorts of high-roller action. For me, it was all about penny slots and blackjack here. I discovered a unicorn-themed penny slot machine that magically granted me $30+ in winnings on my first night in the casino. I could almost smell the rainbows. Second night I posted up at a $15 minimum blackjack table, and while I wish these casinos would have at least one $5 minimum table I know that $15 is the new strip standard. Regardless, after three hours and at least as many dealers I walked away 150% richer and with no less than 15 Kennedy-heads in my pocket. Did I say walk? I meant stumble. And the only reason I left is that they closed down the pit for cleaning. Otherwise it's a pretty clean casino, nice and hidden down at the end of the strip, and there are plenty of places to fuel up for a night elsewhere on the strip.
4	I came here for a convention so this is a review of the convention space as I did not stay in the hotel. FIrst of all, it's HUGE! It was floor after floor of conference rooms and break-out rooms and reception halls. I got lost more times than I would like to admit, BUT! it was really convenient to get to the parking structure which was awesome! I was glad I didn't have to wander through a smoke filled casino to show up at a professional conference. THe food the hotel provided was aight, but I loved having so many nice eating options nearby. There was a cafeteria too, but hey when in Rome, spend like you own it! Great place to have a convention!
3	Very understaffed but has great bedrooms and baths.The only resaurant open after-hours has 30 minute wait beacuse they dont have enough staff (but plenty of tables), room service minimum 1.5 hours, front desk minimum wait 15 minutes (even at 11pm at night).  Even when all the restaurants are open during the day, there are lots of empty tables and a line outside the door because they dont have the wait staff to accomodate.So if you plan to never leave your room or eat, it is perfect.  Oh yes and there are 16 elevators, however it appears that only two same to work at the same time.  You will spend a lot of time waiting for the elevator
5	Absolutely beautiful!  We spent a good portion of our day here, wandering the casino floor and looking around.  After a shower, we joined some friends an enjoyed dinner at The Foundation Room.  It was probably the best meal of my life.  See my review for them :)
3	First night spent there they woke me up at 9 in the morning doing some construction work. Drilling? For hours. I couldn't sleep. Complained about that and my iPod dock not working and they gave me about $100 to spend on food. Incredibly expensive. Fresh squeezed orange juice. $22? And then when we went to pay for the room costs they didn't seem to remember I have the complimentary $100 they gave me! Overall hotel was nice and pool too!
3	So my brother wanted to go to this gaming convention but needed a chaperone and as an early Christmas present I accompanied him to Vegas so he can attend (but not before inviting a couple of friends to come!).The convention was at the Mandalay Bay and they had really good deals for staying there. We paid on average $89 a night for two queen beds. The rooms were surprisingly big and clean. We had an awesome view of the pools (there seems to be like 5 of them!) and convention centers but it was a bit too chilly to actually go swimming. I had read that you can watch sharks on TV if you stayed at the Mandalay and after browsing through the channels multiple times...I failed to see any sharks. Sadface.I also didn't like the fact that it is at the very end of the strip and is SOOOO far from everything! Yes, there is a tram to Excalibur...but who wants to go to Excalibur anyways? Last time I came I stayed at the Venetian and it was considerably closer to all the major clubs! For the price, I think I was satisfied...but if it wasn't for my brother's convention being there...I probably would not have picked the Mandalay.
3	Large, spacious rooms. Gorgeous bathrooms - legit so much space that me and my 2 girlfrands had an after-after party in here. With lots and lots of baked goods. But that's a story for another time ;)Extremely far from the strip. Surprisingly a cab from Mandalay to Bellagio (middle of strip) or to Trump (the other end of the strip) were both $15. Not sure how that works/happens but it sure does add up! We tried walking to and from Mandalay and the strip a bunch of times but always winded up taking the Express Tram from Excalibur. P.S. Right below the elevators is a convenience store that sells liquor all night! So you won't have to trek all the way through the casino with your heavy ass luggage into the connecting stores in search of that one little store that sold 3 types of liquor, like I did.
4	I stopped off here just to eat and waste a couple hours before heading over to Hooters to watch Purple Reign (a tribute to Prince).  When we arrived in the valet parking area, Scott was very friendly and helpful.  He listened to our concerns about needing to get in and out of the hotel fast, and took care of us w/ joking and smiles to boot!  Once inside, we ate at a smaller diner.  We only wanted appetizers as we didn't have a big appetite.  The service here was wonderful. I felt like this hotel really stresses customer service to their employees!  They know how to treat people right!I would like to come back here and stay longer.  I hear the spa packages are worth making the trip for.  I will be back to hang out here one day.  The hotel is older, but the customer service sold me!Again, fantastic staff here, which so many other places lack these days!
2	Never back to Mandalay Bayit's the 3rd time to Vegas and this time me and my wife wanted to relax in a nice swimming pool. So we thought that Mandalay Bay was ideal with the salty water swimming pool that makes waves and the sand beach.we didn't imagined that chaos! tons of people with kids and stuff to eat....chairs one close to the other, no space at all! you see people on the elevator wearing the swim suit only....is it nice?!?! what kind of people stay at Mandalay Bay?!?also, there are very few elevators for the 3 buildings meaning that the waiting time to get on the elevator is very long! no way to wait 25 minutes to get on a packed elevator to reach the room. never, never again.the room itselt was nice, no complains.
1	I will never stay here again.My wife and I decided to stay at the Mandalay bay hotel for the Rock and Roll Marathon in which my wife was running in. We had heard alot of great things about this place, its a shame none of it was true.Let's start off with Check in. We go there at around noon and were told that our room wasn't currently ready, that was fine i understood that part. They gave us some keys and told us they would call us to let us know the room number in an hour. Which never happened. We finally just went back up to the front desk and asked and sure enough they had our room ready they had just neglected to call us to let us know. So they gave us a room number wrote it down and everything. The Room number was located in their new all suite " the Hotel"  we got to the room and our keys didd't work and the maid was still there cleaning. Getting to the Hotel was quite the walk since we didn't know exactly where it was. I decided to call to make sure they gave us the correct room number which they hadn't, it was actually a room back in Mandalay Bay part of the hotel. GREAT! now we get to make the hike back to the other hotel. They told us that because of the problem that was their fault they would give us a 50.00 credit to use on room service or food in one of the resturants. I guess i should have looked at the menu because 50.00 could maybe get my wife and i 1 entree, 1 drink and 1 desert. Its pretty expensive.Other parts of the hotel , our sheets had stains on them and they were pretty cheap linen. maybe 60 count sheets , it was like sandpaper along with the bath towels. They were very good for exfoliating. The walls were quite thin we could hear the people that were loacated on either side of us talking. Best of all my wife wanted to grab a shower after her run but she couldnt cause the water pressure and heat didn't work. It was very cold in Las vegas for the run in the 30's and 40's with wind and rain , yea!!!When we left today we made sure to check our bill and were suprised to see that they hadnt given us the 50.00 credit so we had to fight them about that on the way out. We will never stay here again. Either should you....
5	I stayed at the mandalay for two nights and came for the Michael Jackson world tour. The hotel room is huge and the bathroom is five star. Shop at bottom of stairs has everything you need 24/7 eg booze free USA today paper water and sandwiches. Spa is best best and free with manicure or any other service .  The women's spa has soaking tub and cold plunge and beautiful relaxing area.  Cardio room is free.  Checking in was easy.  I flew in on virgin America ( the most amazing and different cultured airline I've ever been on - am looking forward to flying with them again) - from san Francisco and with two nights at the mandalay was only $300 plus bag fee of $20.  Pretty good deal.  Shuttle to airport RT is twelve bucks.  Am definitely coming back.  Very low maintenance and relaxing trip.
4	My husband and I went to see The Lion King and besides the valet being a little backed up, walking through the casino was beautiful. Very spacious and everything nice and clean.  WAY better than the Wynn.  Can't wait till summer to spend summer by the pool and stay a weekend.  Lion King production was visually breathtaking and the theater was very spacious, roomy and comfortable.  Can't wait to go back!
3	I haven't stayed personally stayed here, but I was here for the Rock and Roll Las Vegas Marathon. I did head up to the room where my friends were and chilled in their room before the race start, so I will comment on that. The room itself was pretty nice, with 2 single beds and lots of space.  The television was a flatscreen and it was sweet to just be in the room. We had a view of the street below on the 32nd floor, along with the view of the Mandalay Bay logo on the building.  The bathroom was nice too, separated toilet and shower. This is luxury living right here.The hotel itself was grand, as all Las Vegas Strip properties seem to be. Loving the Starbucks location within the property, although there were multiple properties with the exact same thing. Yay for Starbucks!! I didn't play at the casino, as I was trying to do Vegas on a budget. The casino was clean and civil, although I have heard some screams of victory from some tables, but all in all, it was a well kept establishment.I would have liked to stay here longer, even though I don't gamble.  I liked the fact that the Mandalay Bay was gold. Makes it really stand out, versus the other properties along the Strip. Plenty of parking space on property. Just being in Las Vegas is pretty cool, but decent. I will think about staying here the next time I am in Vegas, but it's hardly unlikely, since I want to see more of Europe in my lifetime.
2	Don't see any shows here. Bought tickets to see Lion King and they told me they did not have my tickets at box office. Come to find out the box office person was not trained  to look for my tickets that were paid for in advance. Who knows if I will ever get my money back. Don't know if the rest of the hotel works the same way. May be risky to find out.
2	If you are a boring Midwesterner's who thinks Holiday Inn is a nice hotel chain, then you will probably love this place. Bring your wife/husband and talk about it for the next 10 years with all of your friends. If you are not boring, you probably already know not to stay here- I didn't have a choice, was staying with a group of people for the Marathon. When we first checked in and got to our room- none of the beds had been made, there was still trash from the previous person, and many things were out of place, no glasses, etc. I called down to roomservice and they gave me a lame excuse. The only other room they had open was a smoking, so no thanks. Bedrooms are not ideal if you are staying with a co-worker or someone else you don't know well. The bathroom doors are slanted like blinds and there is no internal fan so if you are with someone you don't know well you're gonna be turning into one of those people who mysteriously turns on the water when they are using the toilet. The casino is like every other casino, it's unfortunate the outfits that the bar girls have to wear- they are pretty unflattering, which seems like it should be a hard accomplishment. But you'll get drunk and broke just like every other place.I did see Carrot Top in a hallway, good thing I don't have children to scare. (also, I've never had to type out Carrot Top before... his name seems way worse when writing it.)
3	3 stars. definitely 3 stars. definitely no more than A-OK.The room at Mandalay Bay looks just okay. Aria has better much looking rooms equipped with cool technology and gadgets.  Housekeeping service is just okay; i'm a little surprised that the bathroom amenities do not include mouth-rinse.....The only "cool" thing I consider is the little television inside the bathroom....which in fact is not really all that cool but oh well....*shrugs*Resort fee: $20 per day, including wifi service.Would I recommend it?  hahaa nope!
1	This hotel has really not stayed up with Vegas, third time this year that I have stayed there. Rooms are average compared to most of the newer hotels. Blackjack dealers, 80% not friendly, food is average.They are not what they used to be, the folks that work at Mandalay do not seem very happy working for the hotel. Chong a dealer as worked in the business way to long and was just rude.  Not fun, if I lose money i would at least like to have fun doing it.Free WiFi but don't they all offer that?Last time I ever stay at Mandalay Bay.
4	I always liked the rooms here. Very comfortable and spacious. I had the roof view once again. The beds are so soft and it is nearly impossible to not get a great nights sleep. Nice bathroom. big roman tub walk in shower and separate room for toilet. It cracks me up how they have big bottles of vodka and tequila in the room to buy and care packs and sex care pack and a wide variety of snack to buy all on a scale on the desk.. The Mandalay is huge and can be easy to get lost but isnt every casino in Vegas? I ended up checking in the following day there policy is to confirm 24 hours ahead. The lady told me when I checked in I couldnt get my money back for the first night I missed. But the guy who checked me out ended up refunding me. Thats was awesome:) Great service there Free wifi and parking.
2	**Hotel Room Review Only**In a word, our 2-day stay at Mandalay Bay was disappointing.My wife and I booked a Deluxe King room for the Thanksgiving Holiday and our rooms - yes, that's plural - had several issues. 1. Two different rooms were too warm for a good night's sleep. The thermostat is directly under the air vent, so the rest of the room doesn't cool properly. (See the photo I posted...poor design.) We woke up without sheets or blankets both nights. 2. The plumbing has big problems. If anyone showers or uses the toilet in the rooms around yours, the plumbing in YOUR room gurgles loudly. Amazingly, the staff admitted they know about this problem...and it happened on floors 11 and 12, so the issue seems widespread. 3. The walls are thin and you can hear activity (talking, coughing, TV, etc) in the rooms next to yours. I expect a lot more from a hotel in this price range.To their credit, after the first night, the staff quickly agreed to move us to a new room on a different floor. They also gave us a $50 restaurant credit, which was nice, but did not make up for the loss of a night's sleep.The rooms are large and the bathrooms very nice, but the beds and pillows are average and the other problems overshadow the good things.I suggest you book your Vegas stay elsewhere. We won't be back.
2	I am nearing the end of my 2 day stay today. To be fair I would rather give them a 2.5 star but with this experience I would rather round up.I traveled to Las Vegas as a christmas present for my brother. He needed a vacation so I drove him. I have been pretty dissapointed with this stay. My 9 year old with autism traveled with us also.The check in experience was very quick. We are paying that resort fee plus $55 and without all the hiccups would have been okay. The lady was nice.I got some really nice customer service with Sery, Amanda and Mark.  I did get some eye rolling from other people also.Once up in the room it looked okay. Things are worn and stained but for the money A-Okay.  Things were a little dirty on the surface of everything.My son takes a shower and gets ready for bed. I pull back the covers and notice glitter and hair.  Someone forgot to change the sheets.  I also noticed as I pulled down the sheets hair smack in the middle of the bed --short hair -- I shiver to think what that is from.It is approaching 8:30 pm and I would love to get my son in bed. I called they ordered all new bedding -- waited till 9:15 pm would love to get my son to bed -- walked down stairs suggested I change rooms and took off room for the night  plus tax. Changing rooms at 9:30 ish with a 9 year old with autism was challenging to say the least.We change rooms get my son settled and go to get on the internet and that  did not work. Called help desk and they said someone needed to come up to the room to get the internet working.  5 minutes to 11pm so still awake hotel engineer reset the internet. Talked to from desk took off resort fee for one night. 10 minutes after 11 my son feel asleep,Go to get my car in the morning from Valet stop to get gas and noticed two small dings on the side of my car with red paint on it. I have a new car -- I filed a report just for the process --so management deems my two dings as worth a $25,00 credit and removal of the second resort fee -- as I was talking to manager re dents he offers to call shark reef to set it up so visit to santa in shark reef is painless I just have to go to shark reef will call and give them my name.I made the trek with my son across to shark reef go the will call to discover they have no clue who I am -- we left disappointed.  All these little things have let up to a huge disapointment -- I would spend my money elsewhere --on the plus side - huge bathroom son loved bathtub hence the 1/2 of extra star!
5	Before coming here I read the reviews on yelp and was not expecting much, however upon arriving I was very pleasantly surprised.  Today is my first day here, and I'm excited for the rest of my stay.  Although Mandalay Bay is on the edge of the strip and far away from the action, the casino is still packed, and the restaurants certainly have business.  Mandalay Bay is definitely not outdated or dull, the entire resort is beautiful.Check In: Checking in was no problem, I checked in around 3:00 and there was a short 3 minute wait.  The lady who helped me was very nice, and got me the room/view I wanted.  In front of the check in desks there's a mini aquarium with lots of colorful fish and some small sharks where kids can wander as the parents check in.Room: I'm staying in the standard room and it's quite nice and spacious!  I have a view of the strip which is pretty and nice.  There's a pretty good size flat screen tv which is great, and there's a pretty big glass table with a chair.  Attached the headboards of the beds there's a light that you can move and use to read.  The room has 2 good size closets with many coat hangers.  The bathroom is absolutely amazing, they have a separate bath and shower and 2 sinks with lots of counter space.  There's a separate tiny room and door for the actual toilet, that has a phone in it.......interesting. The best thing about the bathroom is that there's a mini tv in there so I guess you could soak and watch.  Although I think taking baths in hotels is unsanitary I still use the tv when I'm getting ready.Restaurants/Buffet: The buffet isn't really on the pricey side, and the food is pretty good. It's not absolutely amazing, but I definitely don't regret going.  Mandalay Bay has a nice selection of restaurants, but they're pretty dang pricey.  There are 2 Starbucks on the casino/restaurant level, and also a yogurt place if you're looking for just a quick snack.Overall I'm pretty pleased with my experience so far.
4	In Vegas for my daughter's Sweet 16 and to see the Lion King.  Loved it and enjoyed hanging out in the hotel.  This is such a great place to bring the family...there is something for everybody and every age.
4	My family and I just stayed here over Christmas and it was great! Granted, we didn't spend that much time in the hotel, but the room was nice and they were able to give us two rooms side by side so we could have the connecting doors. All the facilities worked well and the bathrooms were nice with both a shower and a bathtub.The venue is very nice and always smells nice and clean.  Most other hotels (I specifically noticed it in Caesar's Palace) smell strongly of smoke, but the hotel in Mandalay Bay was nicely divided from the casino.  The aquarium exhibit is great and theres also a wave pool and a lazy river.  The location is great.  It's far enough away from the busy part of the Strip, but close enough that you can walk/tram over.It's great for families (a rarity for hotels on the Strip) and classy at the same time.  I definitely would stay here again.
4	Rooms are decent. Too bad it's so far away from most of the action. The pool is great too!
3	I've stayed at the Mandalay Bay several times over the past few years, most recently over the Christmas holiday.  Granted it was supremely busy because of the holiday, paired with the "Lion King" and nearing the end of the Michael Jackson, "Immortal" tour, it wasn't too bad.One thing I love about the MB is that their rooms are always consistent.  I can always expect a nice, bigger than typical hotel room, sporting modern decor withi it's dark woods and beige contrasts, along with a small couch to lounge on, floor to ceiling windows, comfy bed with crisp sheets, and two closets, one of which had a wall safe.  The bathroom was huge and featured dual vanities, large soaking tub, standing shower and a toilet in it's own room.About the bathroom, if you're sharing the room with family or friends and are quite shy, be forewarned that there is a window into the bathroom that's partially frosted.  Standing at the right angle, you can see right through it.  Regardless of hotel, I honestly wouldn't share a room with my family while in Vegas just because.  But with friends, we've honestly seen worse things.On the flipside, there are some negatives, such as the walls are pretty thin that you can hear what's going on in the room next to you and I literally mean, what's going on!  Also, be sure to request a room without a connecting door, otherwise they'll check in some "Woo Girls" (You need to watch HIMYM to get it.) which their noisy, wooing will make you think they're wooing right inside your room.  When a neighboring door slams, oh it slams hard and shut that you'll feel it and hear it, even at 4am.  Lastly, they charge this $20 resort fee, which includes wireless internet (Which SUCKS so bad, the longest I'm stay connected is maybe 10-minutes.), access to the Cardio room only (There's an extra fee for spa access), local calls (Really?  Ever heard of a cell phone?) and daily newspaper (Which you have to pick up at the gift shop, but wait, the USA Today is always complimentary at every hotel?).The rooms have kept up well but they're going to need some renovation in the next couple years as their carpet is showing it's age, furniture is getting dinged and frankly, the newer properties such as the Aria and even the Wynn are raising the bar quite high.Unfortunately, I don't care for any of the restos featured inside the MB, although I did eat at the Burger Bar located in their shopping mall, Mandalay Place.  A plus is that there's not one, but two Starbucks on the main level, but of course their prices are inflated than your typical Sbux location.  If you're anti-Sbux, just walk down the hall towards THEhotel and there's a coffee spot in their lobby.Gaming is pretty decent and they offer all the usual slots and table games with decent limits.We watched the MJ "Immortal" show here and the Events Center was bigger than your typical Cirque du Soleil stage.  If you're watching a similar show, I'd suggest picking seats that face forward, rather than from the sides.Location, well, you're literally on the south end near the airport so you're pretty far from the heart of the Strip.  If you're a walker, then no biggie as there's a hallway that connects to the Luxor and a tram that connects to Excalibur and so forth.  You can always do the "Deuce" bus which is $2 a ride and the stop is located acrosst he street.  Otherwise, you need to cab it or get a car.  Also, since you're near the airport you can hear mild flight noise if your window faces the airport.  Although you can see the runway, you can barely hear it unless you're standing by the window.Overall, I'd stay at the MB again, but it's not necessarily my first pick anymore.
4	Stayed here for a long weekend in October and had a great time.  We were staying with a group of friends, so I was happy with their choice of MB as our hotel.  It's nice without being over the top, the decor is tasteful and it doesn't smell bad!  I'm not a gambler, but did have fun playing at the $15 blackjack tables.  I was more interested in their POOL and have separate reviews for those (Mandalay Bay Beach & Moorea Beach Club).  Yes, MB is at the end of the Strip... but it's convenient that you can walk to Luxor and take the tram to Excalibur to make your way down the strip.The rooms are much bigger than most hotel rooms.  Our bathroom had dual sinks and a full size tub separate from the shower.  Be careful with the mini bar since it's weight monitored = take something out & you might get charged for it!  I liked our pool view and it was a great way to wake up.  They have multiple Elevator Bays for levels 2-16, 17-34, etc.  Be sure to push the door close button in elevators to save some time.  Door key cards are magnetic, so be careful with your magnetic closures on wallets & purses.  I forgot that my "travel" purse has a magnetic closure and had to get a new door card after mine stopped working.Crazy long lines at Starbucks, so check out the Orchid Lounge for your morning coffee fix.  Also my favorite (non-fancy) restaurant in Vegas is Burger Bar at Mandalay Place.  You have to check it out.  All in all, I was happy with my stay and I would definitely stay at MB again!Vegas Trip 10/20-23/11
4	Excellent experience for New Year's at Mandalay. Truly a hidden spot on a night where roads are shut down and drunken revelry spills into the streets. Vegas Blvd. was closed up to Russel, but we were able to take the 15 to Frank Sinatra and sneak in a back parking garage around 8pm! It was equally easy to get out the same way.The hotel itself smells great, has amazing rooms from regular double beds to the suites on the top 2 floors with magnificent views of the strip. Top notch sportsbook, party spot @ House of Blues and great culinary options.
4	I enjoyed my stay at the Mandalay Bay out of my whole trip to Vegas I would say Mandalay had the best offerings.The people were extremely friendly, the rooms were clean and modern. Even though the hotel is at the end of the strip you can always take the tram which connects to Luxor and Excalibur which cuts the walk time by a lot the tram is also free and runs majority of the day. I love the fact that the bathroom had a separate shower and tub. The tv's were nice and big also. We also had some complications with our room keys while staying there but they comped us for our food when we ate at the raffle cafe inside the casino. Also the small mall is connected to the hotel and casino making it easy to get a bath bomb from Lush or buy a few items while staying there and not going too far off from your stay. I will most likely be staying here again next time I head to Vegas its a great Place to stay!
4	stayed here for new years weekend~pretty amazed how nice it is~positives:prices were very affordable for nye~nice place to stay for families with kids.rooms are normal size but comfy.front desk very friendly & helpfulnegatives:room service kinda slow.wifi is extremely slow.overall i loved my experience here!
4	The room here was great, with a view directly up the Strip, a large soaking tub, separate travertine shower, and cool light up entrance into the room. It was a very comfortable stay. Only one pool was open over Christmas, but it was pretty posh with fancy lights and steam, as well as a swim up bar. Although it said no one under 21 was allowed, there were still a few kids. The hotel also has some nice restaurants, though they are not my favorites in Vegas and I would probably head elsewhere to eat in the future. The hotel is well-located in case you want to escape the Strip quickly (located on the south end). It also connects to The Hotel at Mandalay Bay, which was great as I had my spa treatment there.My only real compliant was the valet/bag check wait, both at check in and check out. It took an hour for each. While I didn't expect it to be 5 minutes, other hotels do this far faster and efficiently. Skip valet and bag check here if you can.
4	Stayed here for my birthday this past month and as always enjoyed our stay! One major con was that we asked for a humidifier, hey I had a cold, and we never got one. No call or explanation as to why. And the other was how far away the food court is.. how is a girl supposed to get a greasy slice of pizza at 3am?! AND the Wifi was SPOTTY. Never worked.. and if it did it was SLOW. Why pay a $20 resort fee if you really get nothing out of it?! The redeeming factor is the big casino, Burger Bar and a Lush just walking distance..  and of course the silly tram that takes you to Excalibur!My check in experience was amazing and a breeze.. Miss Rachel at the front desk was efficient and  friendly and got a peekaboo view of the strip, not the best view but we checked in rather lateWe love it here.. but its not high at my list of places to stay.
4	One of my favorite resorts on the strip!It is a very high end resort and casino with everything you could possibly want on the property.  Obviously they have casinos (tables are $10 min), a beach, spa, luxury shopping, clubs, a wide range of restaurants for every budget, a Shark Reef Aquarium and a connection to the Luxor and Tram for more Vegas fun. I did have some issues with my room, the sink kept gargling in the middle of the night! It totally freaked me out the first time I heard it...I think some of the rooms may have a plumbing issue...regardless it was still a nice room.  The toiletry products were very nice as well.  Both Shampoo and conditioner was kind to my hair. I was here for a wedding and then stayed for NYE.  We had the BEST view of the fireworks at The Hotel side of the Mandalay that over looked the strip.  Best place on the strip to see the fireworks if you get a room that faces the strip.As much as I would have loved to view the craziness of Vegas NYE out on the street, it was much nicer to drink tequila from a solo cup in the comfort of a warm room with an amazing view with close friends. I highly recommend for NYE.
2	Pros: The suite was large compared to the hotel standard. Room was designed nicely. Bathroom was very large, two separate sinks, toilet in its own room, TV in the bathroom, shower, and my favorite part: the jacuzzi bath tub. I'm 6'6" so having a tub that's big enough for me to soak in was very convenient.Cons: The thermostat was right underneath the only vent in the room, so it was pretty cold and took all night to warm up. The bed was sub-par and not all that comfortable. The walls were pretty thin, evidenced by the fact that I can hear conversations going on in the next room over. And I could hear the gurgling noises of the pipes in the rooms above and next to us. It was pretty crowded, it took almost 30 minutes on the day that I left to get my car back from the valet service. Most things that come standard in hotels (silverware, cups, plates, Wi-Fi, newspaper) you had to pay for. Having to pay for plates and cups was pretty darn ridiculous.Overall, the suites were acceptable but this would not be my first choice for a hotel suite on the strip.
3	I like the suite at Mandalay Bay its 750 sq the service at the front desk are always friendly, But I dislike it when my room were comp and they still charge me if I didn't look at my credit card the same week I wouldn't catch it that they charge me for 2 nights when those 2 nights are suppose to be free.
5	My Fiancee and I stayed here for 3 nights in January, 2012.  It was our first stay, but definitely not our last.  We were both pleasantly surprised by our total experience here, and we never even got around to seeing the grounds, the wave pool or the shark reef.  Firstly, the staff was uniformly not just helpful but genuinely friendly, beyond the call of duty.  And I mean everyone: from the dealers, the food-servers, the cocktail waitresses, the front-desk people.  Well, a couple of the roulette table staff had the personalities of rocks, but on the other hand, a couple of the blackjack dealers (Ray and Vicki) were absolutely outstanding, to make up for their roulette counterparts.  Our room exceeded our expectations.  It was well-appointed, tastefully decorated, clean, and comfy.  The bed was very nice, and I'm picky about beds.  The bathroom was spacious and classy.  The only downside was the lack of an in-room coffee-maker, which would have been nice.  The casino was one of the nicest we saw anywhere on the Strip.  We actually liked it better than Bellagio -- not as ornate.  We only ate at a couple of the onsite restaurants (Raffles and the Buffet) but both featured good food at reasonable prices (for Vegas) with good service.  We were sorry to have to leave, and will definitely stay at Mandalay Bay again.  Sure, it's at the far southern end of the Strip, but we both remarked that once you've seen the sights of Vegas, there wouldn't be much need to leave the confines of this hotel and casino, other than to see a show.  It has all you really need in Vegas.
4	There are some ok clubs here, the rooms are standard. The VIP Penthouse suites, however, are excellent. Plenty of restaurants and clubs, places to see live music, plus an aquarium!Easy access to the west valet (THEhotel) from Hacienda if you're on the West side.
1	The service here was appalling from the time I checked in. The girl at check-in insisted I give her the credit card that had booked several of our reservations (my bosses) and I had never been sent a credit card authorization form to differentiate each reservation.Needless to say by the time I go to my room I was starving, tired and wanted a bite to eat before picking up my packages at the business center. I ordered a SALAD (no grilled steak or chicken atop it) and waited over an hour. At that point I had to skedaddle to a meeting and was even more hungry and frustrated and had to call room service and cancel the meal. Luckily I was able to find a bit of trail mix leftover from my flight to sustain me (barely).From that point on, I was continuously disappointed in what this hotel had to offer with exception to the guys at the bell desk. They were always prompt, positive and just a joy to work with (and I had a lot of packages).The girl at one of the information desks (when I decided to cut my short at that establishment short) was SO unhelpful in directing me to where I needed to be I was so glad to be out of there forever. Good riddance, I should have stayed at The Wynn where I know service is always way above par.
4	This is my review of the Mandalay Bay as a hotel. It is based on a staycation from January 12 to 16 and two previous stays. I rated it by categories.Pricing: three stars   Last week, Mandalay Bay beat all the Strip hotels on price. This was the week of major conventions. The price difference was remarkable. Even with the resort fee the price was acceptable.Room: four stars   Luxurious describes the rooms at Mandalay Bay. There are two closets.  Two flat screen tvs, one in the main room and another in the bathroom. The bathroom is spacious. It includes a shower plus bath tub. The toilet is in a separate room from the general bathroom. The water pressure met my expectations. And, the fragrance of the room exceeded my expectations. The Maid, for the most part did a good job cleaning the room.Safety: Two stars    Hopefully there are cameras at the elevator bank. It is necessary since anybody could walk onto the elevator without a security guard manning them.Location: Three stars   Mandalay Bay is the southernmost hotel on the Strip. When the Mandalay Bay-Excalibur tram is not operating, which  lately is after 10:30 p.m., a lengthy walk or transportation is necessary. Because the location is on the southernmost part of the strip, traffic is far less chaotic than the Mid Strip. So having a car at Mandalay Bay is less of a headache. In my opinion with Mandalay Bay, Luxor, and Excalibur connected by indoor walkways, they are one megaproperty. In one megaproperty, there are numerous eating and entertainment options for all budgets.Amenities: three stars in winter/ four stars in Summer.   In the Summer, Mandalay Beach is the ultimate swimming pool. There are waves, a lazy river, and sand. At night there are a couple of live bands, including a decent house band that plays in Orchid Lounge. Personally, I have not been a fan of their restaurants. I have had three bad experiences at the Bayside Buffet. In my opinion, Raffles Cafe is grossly overpriced.The food court is nearly deserted. In my opinion, the connected Luxor and Excalibur offer restaurants with better value-or the closest thing to it on the Strip.  Mandalay Bay offers three coffee establishments. Two Starbucks and Orchid Lounge.Chances of returning: High, just like many Las Vegas resorts.
4	Mandalay BayMandalay Bay's got it all!!  All in one!!  It's Awesome!!At the right time....quick "Check In's" and "Check Outs"At the wrong time....long line to "Check In"and "Check Outs"Rooms are nice and clean.  Separate shower stall, separate bath, separate toilet.My view from the 19th floor after midnight: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eAc9Vd6loOgRQolMXQt6FA?select=3bTDjCebxrwMa_9_N2gZXQThe Lobby:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eAc9Vd6loOgRQolMXQt6FA?select=g57fZpfL-B1Q_vkQlmw6NgOne of the Pools.....after Mid-Night:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eAc9Vd6loOgRQolMXQt6FA?select=m1l8euoY8V6v5TnI5jvw_gNot sure where to begin?The CasinoThe RestaurantsThe BarThe ShopsThe Sports Center (Place your bets here)The Casino is open 24 hours a day.  Black Jack, Poker are available at certain times only.The various restaurants are open for Breakfast, Lunch / Brunch and or Dinner and some open Late Night.The convenient necessity shop should you need a razor, nail clipper, snacks or something along those lines.The clothes shops....There are a few specialty shops to get some clothes....These shops will dress you up nice and totally pimp you out!!The Sports Center.....Got a favorite sports team....want to place a bet....do it here.The Restaurant.....take a stroll around and see what you like...sorry food on this trip for me was just a convenience....not my focus of attention.The Bars and Lounge area......at night they have live band singing with light dancing.The Movies......Feel free to catch a movie or a show.So basically this hotels got it all.  There are more to do outside of the Mandalay Bay.  There is a Tram that takes you to the Luxor and to Excalibur.There is a Car Rental company (Avis) on site should you need a car.  If your staying on the strip it might be better to cab it.  Limo's are reasonable for large groups.What else can I say?The best part of my room was the showers.They have the "High Presure Shower Heads" which are fantastic.  It will knock your socks off and make you feel so refresh in minutes.  If only Jerry and Kramer had this:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dlrtQb24QxwA good solid hotel all around....love the powerful shower head.
2	Drink all day, play all night, let's get it bumpin'! We're in Las Vegas, Trick!So the wifey and I found some pretty sweet deals on flights and decided to hop over to Las Vegas to chill-lax. After spending a week trying to find the best deal, we decided on Mandalay Bay. We got the rooms for 150/night + 100 promotional food credits. We've seen better deals, but because of the Chinese New Year's festivities, it was the best we could find. The casino was easy to navigate and rooms were pretty spacious, but I do have a couple minor rants. 1. My biggest complaint in the room are the doors. They auto-close, so if you're not nimble, you'll get smacked in face. Also, some people like to poop with the door open. I happen to enjoy my wife's company while going number too and I find it amusing to gross her out. It was a lot of effort to sit on the toilet and prop the door open with my leg. 2. Yes, this hotel is slightly older, but what's with the half-ass repairs? One of the things I noticed when I opened the curtain is the black tape around the windows to seal up the drafty windows. 4. I hate decorative pillows. What's the point? They're too scratchy to sleep on and I'm not going to be sitting in the room admiring them. After dumping them all on the floor, i was left with a wimpy pillow that barely fits my big head. 5. 28/night resort fee? Damn. If I read the fine print and realize there was a 28/night resort fee, I would have searched harder for a better deal. These fees are charged so I can use the wireless internet, plus have access to their 4 tread mills in the cardio room. Lame.6. The casino was filled with older folks, so there weren't too many hoochie mamas running around where their butts hanging out. Big minus. 7. Their main attraction here is the shark tank, but they charge 18 bucks to get in. Personally, I think they should open this to the public and draw more people to the casino. That's just my monopoly 2 cents.  Overall, I thought this place was just average. There's nothing really exciting about this place and the atmosphere is really draining on the Vegas experience. I wanted to rock out with my cock out, but instead stayed in the room to watch Storage Wars on A&E. A little about my credentials:I just an average joe, that travels a lot for business and pleasure. I'm an Elite Premier member for United, Gold Member for Marriott, and Gold Member for Hilton Honors Reward. I usually book hotels in the range of 130-160/night depending on location, amenities, and the year the hotel was built/renovated. I'm a pretty reasonably easy person to cater and I don't have very high expectations out of anyone.
4	The rooms are nice especially the ones facing the strip. It's defiantly a gorgeous view of the whole strip. The highlight of this place if the giant wave pool, lazy pool, private cabanas and then the public pool. A great area to relax and enjoy the sun and have some drinks.
4	I just got back last night from a 2 night 3 day stay from the Mandalay Bay and overall  I would say I am really impressed.  I will break down my stay here at the Mandalay and get you some tips and how to have a good time and save some money at your stay here.** Tips on saving money when booking here.  My girlfriend and I wanted to get away for a few days, we are from So. California so I went on priceline and was able to make an offer for 2 nights ( we came on a weekdays so it would be cheaper & to stay away from weekend crowds & traffic)  on January 28-31.  We made & offer and it was accepted for $45 a night!!! So with taxes it came out to $118 for two nights through priceline.  * note* when you get there they also charge a $20 per night resort fee which is not bad because you get free wifi and a newspaper.**GamblingIf you are going to gamble i suggest doing it during the day.  The table limits drop down to $5 a hand on most table games i.e blackjack, 3 card poker etc.. The waitress' are good with drinks as long as you tip them and for the most part dealers were friendly. I actually won the times I did play blackjack here and had a good time doing it.  If you get a players card they give a voucher to take to the cashier and if you give them $20 they give you $30 in chips to play at the table so make sure you ask for that.**AttractionsI highly recommend doing the shark reef exhibit. It was 18$ per person but it was well worth every dollar of it.  They have shops like a little mini mall and it was cool to walk around and spend some time looking at everything they had to offer.  They always have concerts & ufc fights held here so on your trip you should check the calendar to see that is an option.  *We did not go outside to the pool because it was January and still pretty cold.**FoodMandalay Bay is very big and I really did not eat at the restaurants so I can't really speak of them but they had a wide variety to choose.  They did seem a little pricey, they did not have a big choice as far as a lower end dinning but you can do like I did and we went out to eat like at Margaritaville and we went to Denny's and Dicks last Resort next door at the Luxor.  They did have a couple Starbucks in there and also frozen yogurt and ice cream which was pretty cool.**RoomsHey for $45 a night I could not complain.  They had 2 flat screens a 32" in the room and a 15" in the bathroom.  They have his/her closets and sinks and a shower as well as a bathtub.  The soaps and lotion in the room are good and they smells really good, they do not cut corners in saving in cost.  The water pressure is good and another good note is the cell phone service, I have Verizon and I had full bars throughout the whole casino.  It worked better than the free WiFi so I just shut off the WiFi and used my Verizon 3g signal and it worked really well.  Beds and pillows were comfortable and elevators are were quick to get up to your floor and you did not have to wait a long time to wait for one.**Misc.Vallet service was good.  They were not the fastest of all the casinos but they were not the slowest.  Staff was friendly I have no complaints about that.  Check-in, When we got there they did have a long line but one of the ladies said don't worry it will go by fast and she was right we waited less than 5 minutes and she got us our keys and up to our room.  We got a room high up 27 floor and she gave us a room with a partial view which wasn't bad.  If you want a full view of the strip it is an addition $20 but if you can just get the partial view.That's about it, another thing to remember is that the Mandalay Bay is on the South of the main strip so if you had a car like I did we did not mind at all because we got in our car and drove down and didn't have to pay for a taxi.  The parking is free because you either self park it or do vallet and just tip the guys a buck or two.  They had a tram that goes into the Luxor and Excaliber but we did not use it so I can't tell you about it.  Enjoy, hope this was helpful!!
4	All I have to say is that Manadalay Bay is our Home Away from Home. This is always our 1st choice to stay at when we're in Vegas. The decor has that tropical feel, very classy and doesn't have the cheeese factor. We don't get that obvious smell of being in a casino - the overwhelming cigarette smoke. Instead we're greeted with the signature "Mandalay Bay Scent". I'm not kidding, it truly exists. We were looking for that scent to purchase for the last 6 years until we found the scent sticks in their gift shop to take a bit of Mandalay home last November. I know what you may be thinking, no, not like the kind you find at Bath & Body Works. It's so subtle. The property is very light, open and airy. Again, opposite of many other hotels casinos that are dark and leaves that claustrophobic feeling with you unless you go outside. The rooms are gorgeous. Double doors to the bathroom, his & her closets, floor to ceiling windows, iPod compatible dock/alarm clock, plasma tv, and pillow top mattress. The one feature I was kind of weirded out was the window on the wall of the bathroom. It has blinds! Kind of weird, but whatever, just leave it closed.Word of advice, if you don't want to have to pay full price for the Shark Reef or watch a show, make sure you get a player rewards card so you can get comp'd for future visits. Oh and by the way, all MGM Grand (that's attached to the MLife player Rewards Card) properties has a "Resort Fee", so don't be surprised if you see it on your bill. The only exclusion to get it waived, is if your room is a comp. Don't be afraid to ask them to take it off. The worse thing they can do is say no, right?If you're lucky enough to stay here during the busy months (like in the summer), get to the beach as early as you can to grab a prime location for a  lounge chair w/umbrella, or cabana. The ginormous wave pool, lazy river and 3 swimming pools will be worth the trek outside. If you can't peel yourself away from the tables, but need some vitamin D, head out to the Beachside Casino where you can find Roulette, Craps, and Blackjack. Being from Seattle, I've become accustomed to my Starbuck's coffee drinks (Yes, I'm a coffee snob). I was thrilled to find out there's a store located right by the escalators going up to The Shoppes of Mandalay Bay.
5	coming to a concert was the reason we came here. I usually never even walk to this end of the strip. I will from now on. It was nice inside a good enough crown and the event center was nice and clean.
4	Oh MGM, if you could just move Mandalay to the middle of the strip it would be 5 stars, but it would probably be much more expensive if it was there.They are on a little island on the edge of the strip. It's such a nice hotel but so far from all the "action" of Aria and XS, Marquee and Tao  and all other things that people like to go to in Vegas. The hotel rooms are spacious and have comfortable beds. A lot of closet space too. I was very impressed. Their bathrooms are also a lot better than most of the ones I've seen on the strip.I've stayed at Mandalay and TheHotel so Ill leave my TheHotel review on the other page but that was nice too.The pool with the lazy ricer is cool. Food spot right by the lay out area and really good mojitos. The  beach casino is small but when it's not crowded its a nice place to relax and gamble.The casino gets pretty crowded which is surprising to me since it's on the edge of the strip but it's a fun environment. If the minimums are too high they are connected to Luxor which has lower minimums.It can get pricey and busy when there is a fight here or at MGM but that's another exciting thing to do in Vegas, watch a fight!Mandalay also offers a lot of comped rooms for future visits so that is definitely a plus.Overall it's a really good hotel. I've never had a problem with service, front desk, waiters/waitresses, dealers. It's nice and spacious. Good pool, good drinks. When the middle of the strip is too much this is a great alternative.
5	For my first time in Vegas, the BF wanted to make sure it was something special for me, and Mandalay Bay certainly helped him deliver on that.We had a 750sq. ft suite booked, and were upgraded to an 1100sq. ft., complete with sky view.  The room was gorgeous, well kept, and spacious.Every staff member we encountered was friendly and overly helpful.  The registration area is gorgeous, and I liked the teaser aquarium for Shark Reef.I'm used to Midwestern casinos, which are cramped and crowded.  I liked that Mandalay Bay (and all of the casinos in Vegas really) are spacious and not over-crowded with machines.Food choices were plenty, and everything was great.I would definitely stay at Mandalay Bay again!!
4	3.75 Stars.I'd have to say the Mandalay Bay is definitely showing its age and you can see it has weathered the Las Vegas elements over the years.  Its feeling a little old, a little tired, but its still pretty cool.Old and Tired stuff:- elevators are so slo o o   o   o w.  There were pretty long lines for them sometimes!- hotel aesthetics need sprucing up -  getting a little outdated, worn out and dirty- not too many 'happening' places for drinks and dancing.  They used to have Rum Jungle, but no more.  :(- kind of a trek to get to the heart of Vegas action, since its all the way at the end of the stripBut still pretty cool for:- the great rooms.  Comfy.  Dual closets! TV in the bathroom, facing the tub. And as my Yelp friend Alan L. mentioned, the showers have great pressure and that's always a plus for me!  The deep tub was very nice also.- the only wave pool (and lazy river!?) in Vegas; nice infinity jacuzzi, too.- its great options for fine dining: Charlie Palmer's Aureole, Hubert Keller's Fleur, Wolfgang Puck's Lupo, Rick Moonen's RM Seafood, and Michael Mina's Stripsteak...not bad, right?- the wonderful Spa Mandalay.It was a nice stay here.  I'd recommend it if you get a good deal, and if you don't mind cabbing it to get to where the action is.  Not as young and new as an Aria or Cosmopolitan, but still an illustrious hotel in its own right in Vegas.
4	Great hotel and casino. My only regret was I wish I was here for the miss universe pageant back in 2010.
3	gross. just gross. the only reason it's a 3 star, is because it really is. but one of the dirtiest hotels i've ever been to. gross.
2	We will see if I upgrade my review depending on whether I hear from management in the next few days.We were staying here because my friend works the fashion shows that are happening this week.  The rooms at Mandalay were huge, and the beds were comfy.  The pillows were terrible, but that's to be expected from hotels.  We had a good time exploring and visiting the shark tank, even though it was 18$ per person.HOWEVEROn our way to leave the hotel on Sunday, we realized that our tired had been slashed in the Mandalay parking garage.  We notified security, who seemed unconcerned and told us to go back to our car and wait for someone.  The person who helped us was amazing and really helpful about what to do next.  We were not the only car whose tires got slashed.  The car 2 spaces from us did as well, and we heard that cars at the Luxor also experienced the same thing.  We called AAA, and then called tire stores frantically trying to find new tires on  a Sunday.  Luckily we finally found a place that had them, but we ended up having to pay 300$ for 2 new tires and wait 3.5-4 hours to sort out the ordeal.  The Mandalay has a camera on the garage, and it was very close to our car, so I"m a little surprised that they took no responsibility for what happened.  When I called the front desk to talk about it, I was told that we would have to wait for "risk management" to call us back.  We have yet to hear anything, and plan to call them today.  I find it really ridiculous that after staying here for 2 nights and spending tons of money on things at their casino, they still seem unconcerned that our car got vandalized.  There are lots of nice hotels in Vegas, and if I knew that Mandalay didn't care about its patron's property, I likely would have stayed elsewhere.If risk management chooses to do the right thing and cover some of our expenses, I will happily amend this review, because the rest of our experience was really positive.  But overall its just not worth the stress and money of having your property vandalized.
2	Mandalay Bay has its major ups and its major downs...Let's start with the ups. -The restaurant choices are excellent. You can go hear great music at House of Blues or enjoy their Gospel Brunch on Sundays. Fleur and Aureole are spectacular and you have to check out the contraption that delivers the bottles of wine to you. I can't describe it, you just have to see it for your self.-Nice size rooms with large bathrooms. The shower is separate from the deep whirlpool bathtub and I always enjoy double sinks when traveling with my husband.Dual closets is a plus-plenty of room to hang your nightlife attire with lots of available hangers.-the Bath House Spa at THEHotel (connected to Mandalay Bay) was AWESOME!! I could have stayed in there all day. I have been to several spas in my life and I would say this was one of the most unique spas to visit. If you go, you need to pay a visit to the Bath House spa.-Majority of the staff were pleasant to deal with (even when they were messing up, they remained smiling and would apologize numerous times about the inconvenience)Now the downs and believe me, there are some major downs..-room was dirty when we arrived. There were stains on the sheets and comforter and pistachio nut shells on the floor. eewww!-elevators are slow so don't wait until last minute to go anywhere-agree with other Yelpers that the casino area could use some updating-Now I talked about how much I loved the spa but be sure to note that it is expensive. I got a basic 45 minute pedicure there and it cost $80 plus tip and that was the cheapest pedicure possible. All the other ones with coconut cream, deluxe, etc were over $100. CRAZY!! If my lil piggies weren't in such dire need of new polish, I would have said Thanks, but No Thanks!!-Concierge staff are super nice but when I booked my tickets over the phone before coming to Vegas, the lady booked half of the tickets on the wrong date even though the itinerary they sent me had all the tickets confirmed for the correct date. Instead of giving me a $500 credit back on to my credit card, they said they could only apply a credit to my hotel bill. I wasn't thrilled with the idea but I figured that I would probably spend about that much on my room, other shows, food, spa etc so I didn't complain too much after they said twice it wasn't possible to credit my Visa back. Well.....when it was time to check out, they had only applied the credit to food and beverage at the hotel and therefore I still had almost $300 left on there. I told the lady checking me out that this was incorrect and that concierge said it could be applied to anything in the hotel (shopping, shows, the spa, etc). I stood at the Check out desk for almost an hour while that lady and her manager were trying to work it out. Their excuse was that Concierge was a different department and they didn't share the same account, yada yada yada. I told them that I was about to miss my flight now that I have been messing with this for so long. Told them to please just email me the receipt once it has been worked out so that I could leave for the airport. And of course, I get the receipt and view my credit card bill and GUESS WHAT..wait for it..wait for it... it is STILL incorrect... I am sure that it is going to require at least another hour long phone call to straighten it all out...
2	OK so I used to love Mandalay Bay.  Now it is just so-so.  First there is a joke $28 resort fee.  And what do we get with this fee - so-so wireless internet that barely works  and a newspaper.  Uh that's it?  And it is EACH DAY.  So that is a big negative.  And then there is the horrid valet.  I waited 30 minutes each time for my vehicle.  That is a joke.  The place is dated and it is need of updating.  In short I think there are better places out there.  The beach is really nice and fun but that is about the only thing that is worth it really.  Beyond that it is overpriced and that resort fee is just unforgivable.
1	Mandalay bay is not a "high end" hotel, I'm currently at our comped room we received from our last disappointing stay and have already been switched twice. We wrote guest services to set up a room and they booked us a king without asking, which we were easily able to change with a much friendlier front desk... Unfortunately our new room had dirty sheets in the closet, slept on pillows with excessive hair and mascara all over a dirty wash cloth. We were again moved after being apologized to and told our original king had been inspected before our arrival---- every room should be clean! We were told the house keeping manager would visit us to be told 30 minutes later when we called to ask where they were they were too busy and they'd already switched our room. We headed up to our new room to find light bulbs out and strobing and "Shame" like hand and body prints on the window. I know what the size of the room is and such but every room should be clean and up to par. Guests are paying for this experience, they chose your hotel over all the other options- make it clean!
1	Gave this place 2 chances and was disappointed 2 times.  A girlfriend and I had chosen to stay here in may of last year and had an awful experience- rude front desk, dirty glasses, blood stains on an extra pillow we requested!  We complained and were offered a refund or a comped 2-night stay. We decided to give Mandalay bay another chance and chose the comped stay.Well I am currently checked-in and this is not turning out to be any better. First they booked a king room, when we needed 2 queens.  There was hair on the pillows as if turned over for the next guest, a dirty sheet in the closet, and mascara on the washcloth!  ( I went here with Jillian T., if you can tell by the similarities in our reviews).  We complained and they changed our room, but this one has nasty looking prints on the window.  At least we got a $50 credit to the noodle shop.  NEVER staying here again. Caesar's Palace is a better deal, better location, and is an ACTUAL 4 star resort, unlike this dump.  The pool over there is way better too.  DON'T STAY AT MANDALAY BAY!
4	I had an early flight out of Vegas, so I needed a hotel close to the airport.  I first checked out my beloved Marriott properties, which there were a ton of, but thought I'd be a bit racy and check out the strip too.  Wait... Mandalay Bay was well under $100 while a Fairfield (a Fairfield!) was $40 more??!  Hello Mandalay Bay!!Free, prompt hotel valet.  They upgraded me to a room with a strip view (a convention crowd had just checked out that Thursday morning, so they had the rooms) - elegant large  room with comfy bed and separate tub and shower.  And I won $100 on a $0.30 roll on a penny machine.  The only thing that could have made this night better was Ken... and a couple more days in Vegas.One downside is they're located on the very end of the strip, and Ken loves the center strip action.  But I would definitely push him to stay here, and I'll stay here again when I need to fly out of Vegas the next morning for work.
2	There are indeed pros and cons to this property.PROSFor a non smoker the atmosphere within the Casino is much better than some of the other resorts - Belaggio had my eyes streaming. I am not sure why this is - probably the high ceiling and decent A?C - there may be areas where it was worse within the Casino but I was luck enough to not find them To compare - walking into Caesars I felt like I hit a wall of smoke. The other thing is that they have a fairly roomy feel to the Casino so the slots etc are not on top of each other (or you as ou walk through).I enjoyed the shops and spent some time at Minus 5 (to be reviewed later) as well as general browsing - I recommend the bath bombs from Lush for the couples or girls - decent sized bath even in the standard room.The room was nice and had a flat screen tv in the main room and in the bathroom (not that I used it). Good sound insulating walls - doors are a little less good. I changed rooms here - the first room had great sound insulation - the connecting that I got moved to had noise coming through the door when the woman next door was talking on her conference call one morning,The Spa was nice but pricey - did a couples massage that was middle of the road - nice environment thoughCONSFront desk staff are literally the worst I have EVER dealt with at any hotel - this from someone who has achieved elite level at both Hilton and Marriott. I have stayed in regular business hotels and dives but this was simple atrocious. Both Check in and check out were horrendous and not due to the lines either - this was all down to the people being the desk. On check in the woman was surly (admittedly at 3am on a Saturday morning) said we couldn't get a King, (now this is a common malaise at hotels - they don't track rooms by type but sell them by type - normally you get some professional sympathy from the front desk and some sort of apology for not being able to fit you into your desired room type with a suggestion that you call in the morning to change it - for some other reason hotels always make you initiate this change procedure too) and that was disappointing however, when i pointed  out that we had requested a king she stood mute - just refused to say anything. I had been courteous and professional to that point so it was uncalled for.Check out -we were supposed to get a room credit for food and beverage and didn't and they charged us a no show fee for having arrived so late (as well as charging us for the room).  The guy had to go into the back and talk to the manager for AGES to resolve this - I felt like I was buying a car!!! My guy seemed to be a new so that is understandable - why the manager kept him messing around in the back for so long was beyond me. Eventually I asked another employee if I could talk to the Resident if this was going to take more than another 5 minutes.Resort fee $30 per day - in room internet cost 11 dollars per day elsewhere in the country or is free. It also allegedly covers valet and the 'free' paper - I would understand a budget chain nickel and dime-ing but this seems excessive.The rooms were quite frankly overpriced - I stay at hotels all the time and these were upper end business rooms but adding the resort fee in it becomes 4.5 to 5 star pricing - that was not the service we received.The little store at the base of the elevators was a classic example - an employee was buying something in front of me - I was not acknowledged and the 2 employees had a nice little chat about life, the universe and everything (which could have been done whilst I was being rung up) - after 10 minutes I went to another register :(In defense of the front desk - the morning people (10am-ish) were much more professional - I got moved to my desired room with no fuss and also a late checkout so that we could eat at the buffet before packing (I think it was Jessica that was good). Front desk manager needs to consider training his staff properly or the GM or Resident needs to start having them 'shopped' to check their quality. I understand that Vegas is a service ten so a lot of the good people are taken but this was unacceptable.If the front desk had a clue this would have been a 4 star review - the distress they caused dropped it way down - not worth the agony for the price. I actually enjoyed every part of my stay with the hotel (albeit a little pricey) except having to deal in person with the front desk people.
5	Beautiful and incredible! The tram is very convenient and accessible.  Of course I lost about $100 at the casino but such is Vegas.
4	I came here for four nights and I got one their "spa rooms" which is just a really big jetted bath tub.  I also had a nice view of the Luxor/strip so I was happy with that.  I really like this hotel...it's classy...not too crowded...plenty of gaming options...lots of dining options and just has a very relaxed feeling.The only problem I had with my trip is that I had to fight for my $50.00 resort credit AND they charged my credit card for someone else's charges.  They did credit it back but it took two separate phone calls to get everything all sorted out!  All in all I would be back again but I would avoid going to "Raffles" their 24 hour cafe...it SUCKS!  But definitely go to "Border Grill"!  It's my favorite restaurant!!!
3	Here because it's our conference hotel...again...and in the year since i was here, they have gotten rid of the Keurigs in the rooms-the only room coffee available is calling room service.   Grrrr.  That's worth a loss of 2 stars to me.  Bring back the room coffee!
4	The following is from a hotel perspective:From a hotel room perspective, I believe the rooms at Mandalay Bay to be some of the better ones. I appreciate that the establishment itself is in the mix of things and places that I want to see; so that is a plus. In addition they have pretty good food options on location; such as RM Seafood, the House of Blues and some lighter fare. They are also connected to a pretty decent shopping area.Okay, back to the rooms. The bed is comfortable and the shower/bathroom is very inviting. The room was quite clean and did not smell. In addition the space itself was fairly large for a Vegas hotel room.
4	We recently got married here at inside Mandalay Bay at the House of Blues. It was a unique venue that allowed us to personalize our wedding and add extra details that made it unique and special to us and our guests. The wedding coordinator for the HOB, Amber, was a dream to work with. She and she staff were very professional and they helped make the day stress-free. The hotel was super nice (we upgraded our room for just a bit more $) and all of our guests had a pleasant experience. They blocked off a series of rooms for our wedding guests, but the rooms were all on different floors. My only complaint would be that we did not get offered the option to have a smoke-free room and towards the end of our stay I had a hard time breathing because of this. We did enjoy the spa downstairs (only $25 a day and you get to take a dip in the heated baths). Of all the hotels in Vegas on the strip, this one is nice and not too crowded or smoky. We enjoyed live music on the main level until 2am and had good luck on the slot machines. We would have appreciated a few perks for bringing a bunch of people into town for our wedding, but nonetheless it was a great time. Check out the Foundation Room upstairs for a breath-taking view of the Vegas strip. The breakfast buffet was delicious, but skip it on Sundays as the price increases for no apparent reason other than they offer a few re specialty foods. The pools are really nice too.
2	Well my wife and I booked this hotel expecting something great but we were so wrong. Other then the great food we had at the cafe, this place is a must miss. The rooms were old and outdated. I upgraded to a suite being that it was our anniversary and it was no better then a regular room. Old furniture, In room safe that was broken, hard stiff beds and sheets, lights that didn't work and that were missing knobs to turn them on. Bathroom trim around vanity was coming apart. There was a huge rip in the carpet outside our room. The front desk staff was rude and not much help of any kind.  Every morning starting at 6am we got an average of 3 calls a hr from other hotel guest asking if this was the bell desk or the front desk. I could go on and on but i will stop. Help me if I'm wrong but is the Mandalay Bay not a four diamond hotel?? Wow! Maybe I was just expecting this place to be more like a four diamond hotel? Not so..                         The only thing nice that I found in this hotel was the hotel lobby, casino area and fine dinning. I have had a better stays at the Hard rock Hotel!! If you want bad rooms and hotel staff that could care less if you were there, then stay here. Next time time I'm staying at the Encore/Wynn Hotels. Now you want to be treated like royalty then stay at Wynn. Don't fall for Mandalay Bays low specials on room rates. Stay here and you will know why they are so cheap. If it wasn't for the great food we had here I would have given this review 1 star...
2	Probably the worst resort- casino stay. Upgraded room was smoking room. :(Valet parking the car was a nightmare almost every nite. Food at raffles so awful. Tried it 2x. Cking out the worst ever. Uncaring, and uninformed. The room was suppose to be renovated. Not. The only toiletries were shampoo, conditioner, lotion. No newspaper. The pool....agh, what pool?? This is thanksgiving weekend. Open up a bigger pool please. Geeze. And no one seemed sorry or to care. Seemed like the workers didn't like it there either. We go to Vegas 2x a year and always have a memorable stay. This time, the memory is negative towards this Casino. Obviously never again. Low class place now.
4	Stayed here a few months back great hotel very friendly staff.... Will definitely stay here when I come back!
4	The hotel room was nice: It was a two-bed suite and it came with a table! It was very spacious, with a bathtub, shower, and a spacious bathroom as well :)Poker and blackjack are better here than most other casinos from what I hear. I think they have relatively low minimum bets at Mandalay Bay if you are not looking to lose a ton of money (or win a ton if you're lucky).There are plenty of places to eat and a nice Starbucks on the first floor!
1	Didn't stay in the rooms...but valeted my car at The Hotel to go to dinner at Strip Steak.  Got my car back at about 3:30am and on the way home realized that a number of things had been stolen from my car...2 pairs of nice sunglasses, a sweater that was a gift still in the box, my bluetooth ear piece, other small items, and my cars manual (why??).  I called security to tell them and they just took a report over the phone....and was clear that the guy couldn't have cared less.They told me to call their Risk Management department in about a week.  So I did that.  Rudest woman I have ever spoken to.  She actually told me that when I valet there it's just like "giving your car to a stranger"....so I guess if you get a job as a valet at The Hotel you can steal whatever you want out of the cars because there seems to be no repercussions.  She asked me why I left my valuables in my car...my sunglasses? It's night time.  My car's manual?  Didn't think to bring it along.  I get that they can't be responsible to what happens to the vehicle...as I am sure the claim ticket says....but don't casinos have security cameras?  They couldn't take the time to look and see how my car (and possibly who) was broken into? And either the valet did it or he left the door unlocked.  I just think that since I trusted them with my car...I should not be the one who suffers because I didn't do anything wrong.  And it shouldn't be riskier to park your car in valet, then on the street.Anyway...3 calls already to the Director of Risk Management and no call back.  2 calls to their customer service department (called Guest X)...and no call back.  So overall Mandalay Bay hotel doesn't seem like a safe place to go if you have any valuables...as if they get stolen, no one there will really care nor do they feel they are at all responsible.
4	We will definitely be coming back!  This was the first time staying here for both my boyfriend and I, we both had a great time and were very impressed.  The price for the room was very reasonable.  The room had a great view even though we got a room on one of the lower floors.  The bathroom came with beautiful smelling soaps and lotions.  The shower was a treat as well.  The Beach was the best!  We loved the wave pool.  The lazy river was fun too just a bit too short, the MGM's is longer.  I played roulette one night and the dealers were very friendly and personable.  Even though I was only betting $10 a spin they treated me just as well as the high roller betting $10,000 a spin.  This place has great architecture, interesting restaurants and a killer pool, I can't wait to go back!
4	Going to fit Mandalay Bay, Fleur, The Wedding Chapel, and THEhotel all under the umbrella of this one review, as we basically did our own customized Mandalay Bay Wedding Experience for 19 people. We started by booking The Chapel at Mandalay Bay and a giant, 2,000sq foot suite at THEhotel at Mandalay Bay for the reception.  They were one of the only locations in Vegas that seemed totally cool with our plans to throw a big party in one of their suites. The hotel gave us 20% off our rooms and our guest rooms for the wedding - despite the fact that our wedding would occur at such a busy time as St. Patrick's Day, Spring Break, and March Madness.When we decided to have our wedding dinner at Fleur, we had the pleasure of working with Lisa Cortina of group dining services. She was tirelessly helpful and a total sweetheart in helping us construct such a memorable experience both at dinner and at the reception after. The experience:The wedding went off without a hitch. Our officiant, Rev. Adam Duckro, kept it quick, simple, honest, real and heartfelt, just how we wanted. It. This is Vegas. Our guests didn't come this far to sit through a long ceremony. Also, our guide/planner (Kaylee or Kaylen I believe) was great too. The photographer got some great shots, but more on that in a minute.Fluer by Hubert Keller was amazing. Sure, it was expensive to do a 6 course tasting menu for 19 people, but each dish impressed, and pleased both the picky palates and the gourmands in our party. So happy to be able to say that my Wedding Dinner was one of the best dinners of my life! Thank you Hubert Keller, Thank you to our great service staff, and Thank you Lisa Cortina! Finally the reception. We moved up to one of the "T-Suites" located on the 62nd floor of THEhotel. This place was huge. Big enough for a party of 30 or so, but PERFECT for our wedding party of 19. There was a bar, a floor section big enough for a dance floor, a sound system, great decor, couches, tables, and an awesome all-glass direct view of the strip. Our attached bedroom was equally impressive. We didn't staff anyone in the room. A bartender isn't necessary for that small of a party. Guests did have fun taking turns behind the bar "playing bartender" though. Pretty sure my step-brother's performance got him laid. The Party was great, as evidenced by security showing up twice to keep it down. However, when my irate and half-drunk aunt called management, explaining the money we'd spent that day, and that this was a wedding party, I'm pretty sure they just to decided to just ignore whatever wet-blanket party poopers would call security at 1AM on a Saturday night, St. Partrick's Day, in Las Vegas. Big ups for calling off the Hounds. Maybe they offered the complainers an Ambien...we will never know. We were too busy raging until about 4:30 AM. The whole Mandalay Bay experience was as memorable as could be. Single ladies were overheard saying "this is how I want to do my wedding". If I could go back, I wouldn't change a thing.Points were docked for 3 reasons though, taking it down to 4 stars. The prices for stocking booze in our room and for the various Photography packages were outrageous by any industry standard. I mean OUTRAGEOUS.Also, when we were having issues getting the audio working for the reception, I was told on the phone, by the audio technician that he wouldn't be coming up to assist me because he was "a little busy". Imagine being a groom, being late for your wedding dinner, terrified that your guests will find your reception without music, and hearing those words. I wanted to reach through the phone and strangle him. He did ultimately walk me through it on the phone, but it caused me to be even more late. This probably jacked up our dinner a notch too, as the boozehounds of our group surely sucked down another $15 martini or two while waiting for us to join them. C'est la vie. For those curious, the whole experience totaled out at about $6,000 for the day's events. That's obviously pricy for a 19 person wedding, but if you're thinking of ditching The Big Wedding like we did, this is a much funner, cheaper option. Everyone- EVERYONE had a blast.
4	what can i say? i doubled my money, got hammered most nights and got to talk to hubert keller in his restaurant and susan feniger in the elevator on the way up to my room. that rocked it for this foodie.
2	..... Mandalay Bay has changed a lot..... It really lost its luster.  It was spooky quiet. It was hot and now it's not.
3	Hotel was nice. Rooms were nice. However check out is at 11am. No checkout extension. So if you have a long Saturday that rolls into the weeeee hours of sunday....be prepared to have to get up and leave by 11. Thats probably one reason i would not stay here again. They dont have $5 craps tables, but the service to get drinks at the table are quick.
4	I really enjoyed my stay here this time around- Maybe because I went with the right people. You know what I'm sayin'? ;))) Plus, it was SPRING BREAK and Saint Pattie's weekend!!ROOM: Okay, so I didn't book this room, my friend did all the planning and all the booking stuff and she was excellent in choosing this hotel. I absolutely loved it. Although our initial room was to have two queen sized beds there was a bit of a mix up and we ended up with a room with just one king sized bed. But, they were gracious enough to bring up an extra roller bed of sorts. We had the option of changing rooms, but we were quite comfortable where we were. The bathroom was quite spacious, a large tub (our temporary alcohol fridge for the weekend... LOL) and a standup shower, two sinks, large mirror stretching across the room and a private room for the toilet itself (so people can still use the bathroom when another needs to do their business!). We also had two closets, lazy lounge couch, great view, and a flat screen t.v. I was impressed especially since the beds and pillows were really comfortable. The maid service was just absolutely great, since we were a pretty messy group, but every time we come back- everything was in place and there would be new towels on the hangers, bed made, new champagne glasses, etc.HOTEL: Loved, loved, loved their pool and beach area (to the MB Beach review!) and it' definitely something worth checking out. It's so nicely kept and it's just so fun and relaxing to be when you have nothing to do an the sun is out. The hotel itself is really grand, everything is embroidered with gold and deep colors to give it that rich and sophisticated feel to it. I also like that that they have shitton of ATMs around (I know being a casino and all), but there's a $4.99 charge on it. I rather walk down the street to BOA and use my own bank. ;) Sadly, although I thought it was a pretty nice hotel... It's not exactly the prime spot on The Strip so getting places can be a little tricky. Taxis were our mode of transportation, but I know not everyone wants to pay for it. But the walk isn't actually that bad, 15-20 minutes max to get to The Strip (trust, I walked it-!) BUT, McDonald's, Subways, Daiquiri Bar, and Panda Express is right across the street from Mandalay, great for midnight grubbers like me and my friends! :)
4	Though it's not the newest kid on the block, staying here is always consistently enjoyable and the rooms are clean and spacious.  They're very friendly and accomodating, and the restaurants have a vast variety and range of prices.  One of the best parts of staying here is the swimming pool, which consists of a wave machine and lazy river in addition to the regular swimming pools and jacuzzis.   THE Hotel adjacent to Mandalay Bay (run by Four Seasons) is fun to walk through and the lobby looks like something from a European movie shoot or museum.  It also connects to Luxor, though that place is more depressing and looks run down compared to the newer casinos.  But the walkway in between is full of restaurants and shops.  It's worthwhile to go through. The blackjack here is top rate as well, they offer surrender (6 deck only), split and resplit Aces with a decent one and half deck cut as well as the regular rules.  They hit soft 17s though, but most places do these days.  I also discovered 3 card poker table here which is really fun!
4	We love Mandalay Bay. We came our last visit for the restaurants, and were immediately impressed. We were staying at MGM that time (definitely wasn't impressed with them) and vowed that the next time we came we would stay at Mandalay Bay, even though it was pretty far down the strip.The rooms are clean and spacious- to the point where we didn't mind our view of the highway. The tub is HUGE and so luxurious!!! Best part of the whole room!! Beds are comfortable, room is decorated very nicely, and layout is spacious. The casino downstairs is well equipped and we noticed that the cigarette smell wasn't as bad as other hotel casinos, which is a plus for us non smokers! My husband got pretty hooked on the video craps table, and won quite a bit of money, which was a plus. The restaurants are overpriced, but with restaurant.com gift certificates, it's completely bearable. Our favorite restaurants on the strip are located in Mandalay Bay- House of Blues, Raffles, and theCafe. We rented a car, and it was super super easy to park in the garage and go right on up to the room. Nice and short walk. Oh- and on checkin, I swear to God, the girl that helped us at the front desk was the HAPPIEST person I have ever met. Totally made that longggg line worth it. One thing though- we went in March, and wasn't expecting to be able to take advantage of the beach (sad sad sad), but was looking forward to the outdoor heated hottub. It was FREEZING cold. Lukewarm bath water. Dissapointing. We also signed up for the spa's day pass. It was very very lovely, but with the hot tub not being coed, we were really let down. I can see having seperate sauna's and steam rooms, but it would have been nice to relax with my husband.Overall, we will definitely stay here again next time Vegas calls.
4	Beautiful Hotel.Do not stay here IF you are planning to go clubbin at XS, Surrender, Tao, MArquee, etc. Even though it is on othe trip, it is still way too far for you ladies to walk, unless you want to spend money ($$$) on the cabs. This hotel is more like a resort.Nice and clean and new amenities.  If you want to come and relax at the resort, this is a great place to stay!  They also have many pools, including a lazy river.  Just a note:  they charge a $15 resort fee. Check in time is after 3 pm but if there's room available, they will let you check in.  Check out time is 11 am but you can request to check out later at noon if desired.There's also a tram from Mandalay Bay that goes through Luxor and to Excalibur. (save you the walk but it is nice to walk through the hotels and see all the shops and pass by some of the exhibits.I would definitely stay here again.  Next time, I hope to try the pools!P.S. cheapest CRAPS machine so far ($3)
4	The hotel is clearly at one end of the strip and therefore not for walking between the hotels.  And, the light switches aren't the easiest to see but overall the bed was comfortable, the room was good sized, the TV had a very clear picture, the bath and shower were fine, though I don't like closed off toilet.  Overall though there weren't any real problems at all with the room.  The casino itself was fine.  Of the two restaurants we tried one was good (Lupo) the other not good (Border Grill).  If the weather were nice, the pools etc looked really cool from our rooms.
4	I've stayed at The Four Seasons before in other cities and Mandalay Bay was almost as nice. I guess it helps that the Four Seasons Las Vegas is attached to Mandalay Bay. My room was great! A plush king size bed, his & hers closets which light up inside when the doors open, and the desk is fitted into a corner with a banquette-type couch on one side and an office chair on the other. I was in Vegas for a conference yet really enjoyed just getting to catch up on work in my hotel room.A huge plus was I had the nicest bathroom ever with a steam shower, deep soaking tub, makeup mirror, TV, phone, the works! My first night after some industry mixers I came back to my room and took a bubble bath plus enjoyed some TV. That's my version of working hard in playing hard in Vegas.I agree with the other reviews: if you're going to club it's a pain in the butt because cab rides will add up. One night I has to hop around for vendor parties going from my hotel to Marquee @ Cosmopolitan then to Pure @ Caesar's then back to my hotel and it was $60 for all the cabs. Meh.To get a nice change of place, head over to Verandah on The Four Seasons side. It's a beautiful oasis in the busy casino. I met a few folks for a late lunch there one afternoon and it was lovely to just sit outside, getting away from the casino recycled air conditioning. The casino, restaurants, and other amenities are above average for Las Vegas. My all time favorite moments were at The Forum at House of Blues and the other rooftop patios on the 60th floors looking out over the Vegas strip. Mandalay Bay gave me just as many pretty memories as a 5-Star hotel.
4	The inside is GORGEOUS! They have an aquatic themed decor, with a huge fish tank right in the middle of the lobby. Walking through the main area of the hotel is already a scenery. BUT, they charge a ridiculous 28$ resort fee. 28 dollars?! That's almost the price of a buffet! Plus, some of their employees need to get retrained or something because I asked which rooms come with extended living rooms and the front desk man gave us the wrong information, so we ended up short on sleeping space. Still, the price is good for the quality of the rooms!
1	Had a very difficult time getting into the hotel between the Valet being full, registration very crowded with only a couple staff working the desk, slow service in the restaurant and lots of early morning noise from the housekeeping group in the hallways.
4	The room my hubby and I had was super nice.  I am also really impressed with the housekeeping and lost and found staff.  I forgot my pajamas as well as a turquoise ring and when I called about it they were kind enough to ship it back to me.  At a lot of hotels I probably never would have seen that ring again.The pool is also really awesome, I just wish there were more chairs.  The one negative is since its on the very end of the strip its a bit out of the way.  Overall:  I would probably stay here again.
4	Standing on the 27th floor looking over the strip either in the day or night is a hit!! Great variety of restaurants to meet all your hunger needs. Really enjoyed the decor as it has class but you don't feel like your out of touch with reality.  Everyone was over the top helpful and kind. Night life was fun with a good variety for each different evening and mood.Didn't have time for the pool but it sure looked inviting.Would give it a 5 star but for me anything with a 5 star has to blow me away so I would give it a 4.75!!
4	Kudos to Mandalay Bay for addressing each of our concerns and turning it around. Despite the issues of the first few hours Mandalay's staff and great customer service turned this into a great weekend away at the Mandalay.
4	I've stayed at the Mirage, Harrah's, the MGM Grand and now Mandalay Bay. Of the four Mandalay is by far my favorite. My room was super nice and had a great view of the strip. I've visited Mandalay Bay before but it was the first time I've stayed there. The pool area has to be one of the best I've been to. I was there for a conference, which many of the guests were and we were well taken care of. My only issue with Mandalay is that it's at the far end of the strip so a cab ride or a very long walk are in order to get down to the Bellagio, Planet Hollywood, etc. I'd definitely stay here again.
4	absolutely gorgeous hotel. we stayed here a few weeks ago (him for business, me just tagging along) and had a pretty excellent experience. there was a problem with the shower the first day, then another problem with the shower the next day. i called the following day because the toilet was ALSO having a problem and they sent someone out almost immediately each time, and the person taking the call comped all of our room service for the inconveniences. maybe it wasn't a big deal for them but it was certainly a nice gesture. room service was varied, good options for vegetarians, and the belgian waffles were fantastic! i didn't get a chance to hit the pool or the lazy river, much to my dismay...but they were well-kept and i'm bummed i didn't get to indulge. we ate at the border grille one night, and i usually find hotel restaurants overpriced and not impressive but i was surprised pleasantly. the menu didn't have anything veg that appealed to me, but the waitress hooked it up and i ended up loving my meal and the drink she suggested-she was great. the spa: holy crap! seriously, one of the most beautiful i have been to. there's a hot plunge pool, a cold plunge pool, a giant jacuzzi with like...fish fountains spitting out water, a sauna and a steam room. i got a one hour swedish massage and it was delightful...when you pay for a service you get use of the spa for a few hours and that was really great and relaxing. there's a little waiting room with couches and tons of magazines, and some refreshing fruity water stuff that was nice. the hotel is pretty much the end of the strip, so you have a bit of walking to do to get to the middle of stuff, but it's not impossible. the deuce buses stop right at mandalay though and it's a pretty good deal. it's connected to the luxor (which is so cool looking) and the excalibur by tram which will save you a few steps if you want. my ONLY complaint-i got a manicure and it was definitely the most i've ever spent on one, and it had one chip in less than a day, and a second chip in less than two days. by day three it pretty much looked like crap and i regretted spending so much on a manicure that didn't last. the nail salon part was the least inviting...not a lot of colors, only opi to choose from, and pretty steep for the finished product. i've gotten better $10 manicures! overall, great service, lots of food options in or very near the hotel, beautiful rooms.
2	I'm very disappointed in the rooms. The carpet is dirty, the guest desk chairs are so filthy I'm not comfortable even draping my jacket over it. The bathroom was not cleaned properly either. There is no coffee pot nor hair dryer in the room. In addition, when requesting a non smoking room they could not accommodate. I was then told by the front desk that a ozone would be brought up but instead housekeeping showed up with a bottle spray. Both bathroom sinks are not draining either.  That was the first 30 mins of being here.
3	Considered one of the most kid friendly spots in Vegas, we decided to enjoy spring break here with our 7 year old daughter and 14 year old son. The beach is awesome BUT you have to get in line 10-15 minutes before 9am to ensure you get a spot on the beach - for a hotel this size, the beach doesn't seem to be big enough to accommodate half the guests at any given time. Several heated conversations on the beach about chairs and what not. Luckily, we were there bright and early every day and got a spot! The beach has a small, fast food style cafe that serves sandwiches, chicken fingers, hot dogs, burgers and some breakfast foods. Also has a sit down grill type restaurant - nachos, burgers, chicken fingers all of which looked amazing but tasted awful :( stick with the chicken fingers - can't go wrong. The elevators were a problem, frequent LONG waits in lines to get up and down to and from the hotel room, that was beyond annoying! It felt like you had hit the jackpot on the rare occasion you didn't have to wait several minutes for an elevator. The checkout line was ridiculous but they did offer free bottled waters to offset the inconvenience of the wait :) The room was a little less than spotless, the bed skirts were filthy. One time when we got back to the room the bed was made but the comforter was rolled up on the floor in a ball (huh???) like housekeeping was called to an emergency in mid clean up. Our room never had that just cleaned feel to it. The bathroom was cool, the TV in the bathroom was a bonus. All and all - I'd stay here again with the kids but elsewhere if it were just the hubby and I. Very kid friendly!
2	There were sooo many children staying at this "resort" it was ruining our vegas fun.  The pool and hot tubs closed early, at 6pm!!! Although our room was gorgeous, the alarm in the building kept going off. Probably wont stay here again, will go for a more adult child free enviroment,
5	I'm biased towards Mandalay Bay and The Hotel because of the beach area. We stayed at The Hotel last summer and it is more luxurious, but when you're making daily walks through their lobby to get to the cardio room and beach it gets a little annoying. Here, you hop on the elevator and with one stop you're there. Accommodations in the rooms were classy. Beds were comfortable, bathrooms were spacious with a shower, tub and separate toilet room. The mini TV in the bathroom didn't hurt either. I spent a lot of time on the L-couch watching TV and falling asleep. The air inside the room was very dry, but I will say the nicer the hotel, the better the air quality/ventilation. I'd pick a stuffy nose over smoke in my lungs any day. Taking 3 showers a day probably didn't help either.I tend not to try many restaurants inside the hotels since I feel their overpriced, so I can't comment on any of those. Sure, it's on the end of the Strip, but if you care about hotels like I do, you're going to spend a lot of time in the rooms so you want them to be nice. I don't do too much walking on the Strip, so using the freeway gets me to where I want to go anyways. So far Palazzo and Mandalay/The Hotel are my favorites here!
5	Very classy and family friendly hotel. The pools are amazing for kids. One of the few casinos that have excellent ventillation and you can get through it without smoky clothes.
4	I stayed here awhile ago, and really enjoyed it. I had a suite and my favourite thing about the Mandalay Bay was the amazing room service. My room was always cleaned well, and the room service food was very fresh and delicious! I'd definitely return.
4	One of the casinos I frequent the most, and in my Top 5 list of casinos.The casino floor is huge and not too smoky.  In fact, they pump some nice smelling scent through the ventilation system.... Can't place my finger on what scent it is exactly but I like it.  The entire building from inside to out is beautiful.There are restaurants for every occasion and budget.  Ok, so maybe nothing super cheap, but you can definitely find some more affordable places here.  You have Shark Reef for entertainment, they have tons of concerts come through, and it has one of the best pools in Vegas.  I used to visit Mandalay a lot more a few years ago, but sadly they have closed Forty Deuce and the menu at Burger Bar has taken a turn for the worse.  I really hope they change things up soon since they closed "The Lion King" and have had Rum Jungle sitting vacant for a couple years.  I think they are cruising by with business from the conventions and not trying to innovate.I stayed in a suite about five years ago right after they remodeled their rooms.  It was huge with a comfy bed and gigantic bathtub.  It was a great place to stay and I would recommend it.  I also have been to Mandalay's spa and while it was nice, I preferred the spa at The Hotel much more.Located on the very south end of The Strip and is a bit of a walk to most other casinos.  Connected to the Luxor through Mandalay Place, or there is a tram that will take you from Mandalay to Luxor or Excalibur.Oh, and don't go to the buffet.  It's awful.
2	The hotel itself may be okay, nothing special and a bit tacky but not as bad as many.  However, the food is terrible through their catering department.  Our company has a conference there every year and the food has never improved.  The worst I have ever had.  So, if you are planning a catered event, you should look elsewhere.  The hotel also automatically charges a resort fee of $28.00 per day which gives you internet access from your room and the ability to print a boarding pass from the lobby computer.  I told them i needed neither one but was told the "company" was paying for it so no need to worry about it.
2	My bad experience started in the beginning, I pre-paid for a room with a King size bed.My wife and I where trying to get away for awhile.  They gave away my room and stuck me with two queen size beds.  I was PRE-PAID. It set a bad tone for our stay,  I did enjoy "Red Square the restaurant" -  But that is seperate management (owners)We moved the next day, but I will not go back to Mandalay. Not even for the restaurant.
3	generous with comps, but that's not really worthy of an extra star, since it's paid for other ways, oftentimes tenfold..really, very nice front desk people, but how many times could you possibly run out of rooms to put us in? twice is twice too many. it's not like we check in late either, so it doesn't make sense, unless of course they put the comps at the bottom of the list? or maybe we're at the bottom rung of the VIP tier. poop. the first time it happened, they ran out of king non-smoking so they put us in a king smoking. our lungs were dying through the night, so we asked to be switched to a king non-smoking the next day, and they mistakenly put us in double queen non-smoking. we were like wtf (in a nice way of course). and were finally switched to the correct room. holy ballistics. what a pain in the arse. the second time, we didn't bother and they just housed us in a double queen on a "nice floor" (the 9th......................)rooms are ok. they have the basics and a little extra that you would expect from mandalay. sad to say, I almost feel like they dumb down the service and amenities in order to make THEhotel shine (which it does, but that's another story).food options are plentiful (love fleur before they took off the de lys and burger bar!), but unfortunately, not at 3am. raffles cafe was surprisingly good though, or maybe we had so much fun that anything could taste good. &mix and the foundation room have the most amazing view of the strip IMHObonus star** the pool cannot be beat!
4	The Casino, Hotel and Convention Center were all fantastic.
3	I stayed here recently for a conference, staying five nights. This is about my fifth trip to Vegas, staying at different places each time. I think by the things I measure these hotels on (mostly the room itself), this was not one of my favorite. It's hard to beat the snazzy rooms of some of the others down the street and this place doesn't really try. I was bummed they were out of kings and I had to take two doubles (no, I don't want to change rooms another day) and my view was obstructed. The floor's windows only were half the height of a normal view and while the view was of the gorgeous beach, wave pool and lazy river, it was half a view with iron work cluttering that up. Boo. The hotel room reminded me of a new apartment rental - the carpet was starched and crunchy under my feet and there was the smell of fresh paint and stuff that just reminds you of a new rental. To be fair though, the casino itself is super clean. Yeah, there's the smell of casino and smoke you get used to, but all it took was a walk through New York, New York to remind me that this place is much cleaner and fresher. Kudos on that, since I had to walk through it constantly. The food is insanely, insanely expensive everywhere you go and if there was a cheap meal in that place, I didn't find it. There are some good places in there though if price isn't an issue. I'll review them separately but the House of Blues Foundation Room and the oyster place were pretty fantastic. Lots of cool fruity drink places too, which was kinda cool. I liked how small (comparatively) the casino was to get from shopping to the tram to the conference rooms.As far as conference rooms go, the only complaint was about acoustics in the rooms with high ceilings. Not that important to most of the people who come through here, but a tough thing for us at times. I know I'll be back in the next year or so here and I have to hope I can make time for the beach and pool. Sadly they close at 6pm, which is hard to manage if you work all day, but I'll make sure to come in a little early next time and spend some time soaking up the sun.
3	The Mandalay Bay is one of the best hotel & casino options on the Strip. Sadly, it's at the very end of it. It's sort like playing for the Buffalo Bills. Technically, you are an NFL team and you play in New York. But wouldn't you rather play for the Jets or Giants?Clearly, business is all about location. Luckily for me, my 11-day business trip brought me to the Mandalay Bay. It made my walk (of shame) to my work a bit more bearable and my walk (of fame) back to my room a bit more exciting. Throughout the day and especially the evening, there are plenty of quality places to eat, drink, and eventually, sin."Big money! C'mon, big money!"That's what I heard over and over at the "Wheel of Fortune" slot machine inside the casino. I witnessed a business colleague play this machine for a few hours, lose all of her money by 12:30 A.M. and get cut off from the ATM machines. This lead to her calling her husband in Pennsylvania (at 3:30 A.M. his time) for more money. He said no. By 1 A.M., she was offering to buy me drinks with her company credit card in exchange for my cash so she could play the "Wheel of Fortune" slot machine a bit more. Eventually, she was offering more favors before I made her go to bed. Now the above anecdote is a common story in Las Vegas. But when you do it at the Manadaly Bay, it makes it look and sound a bit more classy.Right?
1	Be prepared for a 45 minute wait just to check in.  I found the service to be rude and slow in the cafe too!!
1	With all the conferences and other stuff that goes on here- expect HORRIBLE service.We reserved a room here for non-smoking.  Upon arrival- they were out of non-smoking rooms and we got this DISGUSTING smoking room.  We even had them spray the room and it still made me sick.  Despite telling the front desk about my allergies, they refused to move me to another room or upgrade me OR COMP ME.  WTF!? So I'm supposed to suffer all night?  My horrible night doesn't even end there.  The iron was crappy and the room is so poorly designed that it's impossible to plug in your iron and iron your clothes without pulling the iron out of the socket.  I made the mistake of requesting extra towels at 1130pm.  I waited and waited and waited...nobody came.  So I went to bed.  At 2am in the freaking morning somebody knocks on the door.  Are you serious?!  I refused to get out of bed since I was so darn tired.  2 minutes later they knock again.  Excuse me, it's 2am in the morning and I need sleep, will you go away?!  Anyways, you'd think they'd leave me alone after not answering after the 3rd time.  Instead they CALL my room to get me to answer the door.  No apologies for waking me up.  Seriously- the towels could have been left outside the room or if i wanted them, I would have called again the next morning UGH!!!Continuing on, the next day they finally were able to move me to another room.  It still didn't make my stay any better- the rooms are just dated and old and honestly I should have just stayed at Luxor since you have to walk like 2 miles to get to the convention center.  So many other things here really made my stay in Vegas the worst stay ever and I come here at least a few times a year.  I would gladly pay so much more to stay at a different hotel since the service was horrible and the amenities are just sad.I will admit the pool is nice and the drinks are pretty good but I did have a waitress that ripped me off bigtime.Overall, I repeat, I will NEVER EVER stay here again.  I could probably go another 10 pages about the other *stuff* I hated about this hotel but I will spare you readers and just leave you with the advice of DON'T STAY HERE!!
4	I've stayed at both The Hotel and Mandalay Bay.  Both are very nice, but preferred The Hotel.  The whole place smells like suntan lotion so I really feel like i'm on vacation.  Rooms are clean and up to date.  Nice beds and decor.
4	Okay...so my review might be a little off because my Vegas hotel experiences have been limited to Circus Circus and the Mandalay Bay. Clearly, you can imagine my surprise at experiencing the upgrade.  But luckily for me, I think the review is fairly justified.  Service was great (on a Tuesday) with kind customer service from beginning to end.  The elevators were prompt, the room was clean, the view was gorgeous (looking over the awesome pools of Mandalay Bay) and there's a good amount of things to do in the actual hotel from the fairly nice/spacious casino to the good shows (Lion King isn't there anymore unfortunately but I hear alright things about the new Michael Jackson show) and good food (China Bistro...although we didn't pay for it, was extraordinary). The double bed room included a TV, ironing board, phones in the restroom and bedroom, and a bathtub/shower along with hairdryer and supposedly the DVD player is free (although something must've been off since we never got it).  There's an aquarium downstairs that looks amazing and again, the pools seem like some of the best on the strip. The worst part about the whole experience is simply that it's at the very end of the Strip, yet compared to Circus Circus (ha ha, I know), the walk isn't that far and does connect easily with Luxor.  So what can I say...all-in-all, it was a positive experience and something I'd gladly come back to.
1	Disappointing.  A nice hotel with great ammenities.  HOWEVER, slow elevators, understaffed, poor service, and you do not get what you pay for. Moorea pool was a nice pool, however it took FOREVER to get drinks, food, salads, and it wasn't even a busy weekend.  Took a half hour to get salad dressing so i could eat my salad that got hot by the time it arrived...actually i had to find a manager to get it for me because my waiter never came back?  I expect better service and better management solutions when things go wrong at a hotel.  When you pay top dollar for service, I expect to get it. The HOliday Inn Express has better service than this hotel.  AFTER we checked out, 2 people in our party had to call back to fix their "over charging" at the pool and for the hotel room.  So, even more time wasted on the phone after we left to get that taken care of which still took several phone calls to get it resolved and waiting on hold for 30 minutes before someone would answer.Overall, I would stay somewhere else.  PS - when this hotel says that you are getting a King bed you are actually getting a Queen bed.  When they say you are getting a Queen bed, you are actually getting a double bed.  Not sure why they need to falsely advertise your bed size, but it does make a difference when you plan to have people share a double bed! Gets a little more cozy than desired.  The Palms Hotel does the same thing.  If the "vegas standard" is smaller than real life then why don't they just say it?
3	Pros: The bathtub was the biggest pro by far. I also appreciated the double sinks, great view, and quiet.Cons: The separate toilet area makes you feel claustrophobic, the lighting in the room was poor (not enough of them), and the TV in the restroom did not receive external channels.Financials: The extra $25/day resort fee for free wi-fi and access to the gym does not give you your money's worth.Summary: It is too far from the things on the strip. I recommend staying no further down than the MGM to save time and swollen feet or paying a little more to be in or near the City Center properties. However, its great if you want quiet away from the action and to swim in your bathtub like I did. Room Tip: If your a light sleeper and want a quiet room, ask for one away from elevators and ice machines.
2	Having to travel to Vegas for trade shows and regular business, I have never had the opportunity to stay at the Mandalay Bay. This is an MGM owned property and if you enjoy the Bellagio, you'll probably enjoy the Bay. The property is fairly run down and to put this in perspective, it's like sleeping in a smoky version of a Southwest jet. Here's a small tidbit of how customer service went: I checked in and was sent to the 11th floor. I call the front desk to verify I was put into a non-smoking room, they assure me it is and they'll have housekeeping put in an "ozone machine". The bellman brings my bag after 5-10 minutes. Inquiring as to whether I'm really on a non-smoking floor, the bellman says, "there's only 2 smoking floors and you are just above one of these". I need to leave, so I tip the guy, unpack and get out of the terrible room. 5 hours later I pop back in for a quick change. It smells the same, so I call the front desk. They ask me if the ozone machine was put in, and I have no way of knowing, but it smells the same. The x'fer me the Tina, the asst head of operations. (Tina should not be in customer service, perhaps the coroner's office is a better fit.) Anyhow, Tina says the hotel is full and basically "better luck next time" and she commits to get the ozone machine up. 5 hours later, I pop back in and the air is better, but the room is still old and gross. I try the front desk once more, but they say they are full and can't move me. Whateva'---I can resolve by not staying here. Back to the review:The grounds look nice and the pools and wave pool looked like fun. The resort fee is a "tacky ask" and there are literally no overhead lighting in the sad, dark rooms. I guess they are trying to depress you into dropping coin in their dark, shabby casino.If the hotel is crowded, (it was supposedly full on this trip), they aren't quite handling the capacity of tourists. People literally waited 10-15 minutes on elevators through the main elevator zone. The cab line was 20-30 minutes. The elevator piece has to be against code, but fortunately earthquakes in Vegas are rare. (It was an MGM which burned many years, ago).The check-in/check-out experience was better than the Bellagio, but it is really a generous stretch to call this a 2 star hotel.Tonight, as I wrote this review a pop-up occurred advertising the Mandalay @ $89/night. That's really cheap and given the fantastic view of the airport runways, probably a reasonable price.
3	Nice property, spacious rooms, good service and I love the pool area and lazy river. My complaint and hence my rating of 3-Stars are for the following:Elevators: The elevator service was horrible. The doors would not close in a timely manner without having to depress the door-close button. There were 8 elevators servicing the 2-16 floor, and I never saw more than 2 elevators running at a given time. And finally, there were 4-5 times when we entered the elevator and it did nothing. We were standing in the open elevator for several minutes before realizing that it was probably out of service. Seems like a trivial gripe, but it was very irritating for us (and other guests)Fitness: In all my travels, I've NEVER had to pay to work out. At Mandalay Bay, I had to pay $25 per day just to lift for 45 minutes. Heck, I can work out every day for a month and a half at Golds Gym for $25. And on top of the $25, I STILL had to pay the 15% "resort" fee. What a joke!! And the daytime manager (I will refrain from mentioning his name), didn't even credit me the stupid $25 bucks. He said he couldn't refund that (of course his non-verbal facial blushing let me to believe he was lying). You would think that after dumping more than $3K at the tables, he would have showed me a little relief...I didn't need the $25 bucks, but just on principal and courtesy.   Unless there's a conference, I will DEFINITELY will chose another hotel. Grow up Mandalay Bay!!
3	With the number of reviews already on this place, I'm not sure I can add anything that hasn't already been said.I like its convenience and that it seems to have it all.  Not the most glamorous place on The Strip but very enjoyable.
3	This would have been 4/5 stars if they hadn't charged my card twice for 2 rooms. When we went to complain, they said "our records don't show that". I actually had to get my bank on the phone to talk to them b/c they refused to believe me. The beach is the business tho and McDonald's is a quick drunk run across the street.
5	The best hotel experience I have had to date.  So much to do, see and buy, the tub is fabulous, so is the bedding...I've stayed at lots of resort hotels but this one was the best!
4	Very nice place, great restaurant and bars!! I love how they infuse the air with a coconutty smell like suntan lotion!!! Better then cigarette smoke! The staff is nice and helpful!
4	Yes, I am defenitely I fan. I do a lot of traveling and to me it is all about how comfortable you feel in the room. Is it clean? Are the sheets clean? Is the bathroom clean? etc. etc. etc. For the expensive price they are charging on a nightly basis? And yes Mandalay Bay defenitely passed it. The room was clean, we had a beautiful view, our bed was comfy and would defenitley think about staying here again. They had a big convention the weekend I was there but we were able to walk around they have an aquarium for the kids defenitely child friendly.The bad thing is location its at the very end of the strip. We had to walk to the castle looking hotel to jump on the train. Other than that defenitly recomend it.
4	The room had a great strip view, clean, and the bed was comfy.  Loved the interior decor very elegant.  Room service was okay.  They were doing construction on our floor so hearing the walls being painted at scraped at 7am was no fun but we didn't go for the hotel we went for the Vegas experience.  I'd stay here again the hotel was very nice. Convention was overall well executed too.
3	We stayed at Mandalay Bay from April 29 - May 3, 2012. We were assigned a standard room despite our willingness to pay $100.00 (or more) an evening for an upgrade. A hotel the size of Mandalay Bay and no available upgrades? What a disappointment, we were celebrating a Birthday weekend and.... Oh well. Hotel: Beautiful, lush, tropical, marble, fountains, lovely. Well maintained.Room: We stayed on the 32nd floor with a pool view (airport and parking lot view as well). As other reviewers have disclosed the rooms show signs of wear and the walls are thin. We heard the people in the room next-door, their phone ringing and their television. In the evening we heard thumping from music in the clubs. Airplane traffic was persistent and combined with helicopter noise, annoying! Casino: No matter what you like to play... you can find it here! The overall feeling in the casino was buoyant, even-though we did not witness much winning. It's obvious that the staff on the casino floor are few and the employees working are doing so much! At one point I sat for over Twenty minutes at a machine with its lights flashing and buzzer sounding. A gentleman that was cleaning (Jesus) found someone to help me. The attendant (Luz) was apologetic and remedied the situation. The beverage servers were amazing, one in particular (Wyonna) was spectacular! Pools/Beach/Cabana: We rented cabana number Five. When we first arrived, I picked up trash that was left behind by the last occupants. We rented the cabana thinking we would have some semblance of privacy. Privacy = Nonexistent, in fact someone walked right through it while we were on our lounge chairs! (It was so windy we had to leave the curtains open). In front of the cabana there is not a clear division of space, with the exception of cabanas having red lounge chairs. We had people right next (and I mean RIGHT NEXT) to our "red" chairs, smoking, sun bathing, partying and having a great time. The food and beverage servers were terrific, yet another hard working group of employees. The lifeguards were friendly and observant. The pool and beach areas were clean and inviting. Restrooms in the pool area could be improved upon. Dining: There are scores of dining options most were fairly pricey and nothing we had is worth mentioning. Service: The Staff at Mandalay Bay = STELLAR! Every employee that we encountered was friendly, helpful and efficient (Michael at the VIP Card service desk was simply wonderful).The employees' make this hotel extraordinary and would be the reason we return...If we visit Mandalay Bay again, we will book a suite as far away from the airport as possible. ** We would not rent another cabana here.
1	$28 resort fee......Yes that how I'm starting this review because our lovers' suite was on sale from $250 to $112 PLUS a resort fee of $28, which was news to us. That's over a 20 percent increase over the real cost that we thought we were paying. Suite had view of air conditioning units and drapes wouldn't open all of the way because of building pillars, drapes opened up 15 feet, not 40 feet. The bathroom smelled of smoke on a non smoking room and floor. Called and told them, they sprayed, but smelled came back and perminated restroom. I had a much better experience at Ballys in a normal room. Beach was packed and annoying because people would leave there towels on the chairs and vacate so you would never know if the chairs were open. Music was a perfect addition and water was refreshing. Would I stay there again? No, too many better properties who want your business.
3	Oh Mandalay, your rooms are nice and classy, your restaurants are excellent, your pools are the stuff Vegas is made of (including the difficulty in getting a chair factor) but your casino floor is just an unhappy place.  Never, ever have I had card dealers who looked so unhappy and were so unfriendly.I made my $300 casino donation, I just wish I had done it with a smile on my face.  I just don't like gambling at your casino.
4	Stayed here this past weekend on a last minute trip to Vegas for mdw with my friend who was on his leave from the marines. We ended up here for 2 main reasons: I have always wanted to use their pools, and the prices were right with an offer they sent meCheck in was a little slow moving, but the staff at check in was very friendly and wanted to make sure that you were aware of everything that they offered and wanted to make sure that all your questions were answered. It was nice, but did make check in take a little bit of extra timeThe room was pretty comfortable size for the base room, but the view was meh as we just had a view of the airport and a very small view of the Luxor and MGM. The beds were pretty comfortable and the bathroom was nice and spacious. I do have to say though, it was a little weird having the toilet in its own little tiny room in the bathroom but I guess that is the new thing since it is like that at a few different places I have beenThe casino was nice and it looked good walking around and gambling. I couldnt win anything on any machines or tables, but my friends did pretty well. My only complaint about the casino was in our 2 days at the hotel, gambling in the casino, we were never approached by a cocktail waitress asking if we wanted drinksOverall, I wouldn't mind staying here again if the prices were right again, but the location being so far from the heart of the strip is a little bit of a turn off
4	Stayed here for 6 days and 5 nights while attending my nephew's wedding last Saturday. Check in went smoothly, but I had to fight them over the extra $25 per day "hotel fee" that I was never told about before hand. Once I showed them my paid in full receipt with no mention of an additional fee, they "waived" it. My advice, pay for your room on a discount Internet site and be done with it. After that mostly everything went great. All the service people, waiters/waitresses, room service, everyone, was super accommodating and pleasant. The room was super spacious with a 42" flat screen, sitting area with table, enormous bathroom with separate shower and tub. My view was of the airport and pool areas, which turned out fine. Watching the planes take off and land while drinking my coffee to wake up in the mornings was fun. The best deal for the money were the lounge performers. I saw all types of bands, and one was better than the next. There is a two drink minimum at the tables, but they had Dos XX beer for only $5 each. Not a bad deal. The music and musicians were really top quality. My family did the Gospel brunch on Sunday which was incredible. Five big beautiful sisters, with band, singing their hearts out for Jesus. They got the crowd going and we had "chach". And the southern food brunch was some of the best food I had the entire stay. Biscuits and gravy, ribs, huge shrimps, enormous strips of bacon and sausage, freshly made on the spot hot waffles, omletes, grits, etc, etc. For $40 pp it was the most uplifting and fulfilling (burp:-) experience in Vegas. Check out from the room tv is super easy. So why wait on line at the front desk when you can do it in 2 minutes from your room. But do it when you're ready to leave because nothing will work (ie key to the room) after that. Tips - when going to the hotel from the airport tell the cabbie to take Tropicana Ave (about $15-$18). Otherwise they'll take the highway and it'll cost $5-$10 more. And if you do it via Tropicana Ave it costs about as much as the hotel shuttles. Mandalay Bay is at the end of the strip. So, it's about 1-2 miles to get to the heart of the activity. Traffic is like 5th Avenue at rush hour. So leave early, unless you hit it right at the off hours. Other great hotels/malls are Caesars, Paris, and Venetian. They're fun to walk around in with all the cute shops and eateries and events. Most of the prices are inflated (i.e. Starbucks $1 more for everything). But we all went to Cheese Cake Factory one night where the prices and food were the same as home. The buffet at the Paris is amazing and quite different due to the French flare. Get to the pool early or it's very hard to find a seat. If you want it quieter go to Landshark Lagoon or Lazy River pool areas. One annoyance was the Landshark not opening until 12 noon on Memorial Day, a super busy day. But when it did open it  was no problem for all 15 of us to sit near eachother, with some in the shade. Allison was super nice and sweet getting me an armed chair each day, which I prefer and are not available unless you get a cabana. Thanks Allison. All in all Mandalay Bay fit my bill for a vacation spot very well. They made my 6 day get-away in the sun very warm and comfortable. GO THERE!!!
2	There was a scene in the movie Casino where they were talking about the takeover of Vegas of the big corporations and how the niceties like room service, customer service and experience have vanished...Welcome to Mandalay Bay, owned by the MGM Group no lessTheir homogenized commoditized approach to detail really shows....It started at check out where I was downgraded in my room after an explanantion that a reservation is really just a requestHuh?...wish my payment wasnt real moneyThe pool is great, but really only if you buy a cabana...otherwise you are SOL. The service in general is just two steps behind decent.   Its a shame, really, because this was one of my favorite hotelsBut when you are an overleveraged monopoly, the service probably will suffer accordingly
2	Do you love watching your friend win money, while you lose it all? Are you a fan of playing slots as your other friend stares and cools you down like that William H. Macy movie? Well, you're in luck. Mandalay Bay is THE place to play the Dark Knight slot machine and never win a G.D. thing. I played that sucker for nearly one hour and lost 60 bucks like nobody's biz. And it has one of the best payouts of any "nickel" slot ever! Every time I got the damned Fight for Gotham bonus, old Joker never could beat Batman in the race. All you degenerates know what I'm talking about. At least in Vegas you can get a seat to play these games. Forget it at old Morongo in Cabazon. You'll be waiting for Ying-Ling to get off the machine after a minimum of six hours. But I digress. Anyway, so me and some buddies went to Mandalay Bay after a night of overpaying at the Palms Pool to see Busta Rhymes "perform" for 15-20 minutes. And by perform, I mean your typical rap concert, where the dude comes out and spits random verses from a song he wasn't even featured on. Thanks, Busta. Remember when you saw your bodyguard get shot to death, but you played that dumb "don't snitch" card and didn't tell the cops anything? You must be proud of yourself, fatty. Oh yeah, so Mandalay Bay in a whole? Sucks. I hate going there with the fury of a thousand Garfields crammed into their expensive cafe. 15 dollar omelets that make you hungry in 2 hours? Come to theCAFE or whatever the hell it's called. Also, the damn restrooms are few and far between. Seems like I'm always walking a damn mile to look for one. There was this weirdo in there, I think a Ruskie spy stuck in the 1980's. Old comrade would hate the way Vegas turned out if he could ever leave that place. And don't get me started on the table games. I saw my friend win like 5 hundy and flash his 500 dollar chip like a newborn baby. I wanted to hang him by his giant chin beard. Everybody else there was losing all da money. Too bad there wasn't a riot like that night Tupac fought some dude in the lobby of the MGM Grand. Ah, memories of 96!
4	Upon arrival, I was very pleased by the location of our Hotel.  Some may not like being at the very edge of The Strip, but the view was awesome; day and night.  We were right next to the Luxor which provided a nice view of their Sphinx and pyramid.  My wife and I attended a Lenovo sales conference here so the rooms were pre reserved by Lenovo.  They gave each of us a room with 2 queen sized beds.  The guy at the front desk was able to get us a King sized upgrade with no hassles.  The rooms were both awesome; one had a view looking straight down the strip.  The other was facing the airport and was fun to watch.  Everything was great until the next morning when they maintenance guys were scraping the walls and replacing the wallpaper at 7 AM.  It just seems like a bad idea to book rooms in a hall that had scheduled maintenance going on.  This continued the next three mornings.  Also the hall was filled with harsh glue vapors.  Other than that, everything was great.  The hotel provided many choices for dining, and had state of the art technology in use in the casino, and was overall very clean.  I would stay here again, but there is much more to the city I would like to explore.
2	Only TWO $50 hold em poker tables? TWO??  This place is massively huge, it's the size of an entire block.  And they have TWO hold em poker tables with $50 buy-ins.  Next thing available, $300.  Pretty ridiculous.
4	Worth every dollar.
4	I'm sitting in the airport waiting for my flight home so I thought I'd write this review!Ending a 4 night stay at Mandalay Bay.. my home when I'm in Vegas!  4 nights/5 days of hitting the pool, gambling a little, drinking a lot, seeing shows every night, eating well and just having a great time.I love this hotel but this stay was a little weird.  Their computer system went down on Monday and was still down today - Wednesday and is supposed to be back up on Thursday.  I had a dining credit but was unable to charge dining to my room so ...  I could not even check out but instead had to leave my information on a piece of paper for them to check me out when their systems are back online.  How is it possible for that to even happen?  I wish MGM never bought Mandalay.  Back in the day this would have been 5 stars but since MGM has taken over you know it.  Oh.. and for the guy who said Mandalay is below MGM in quality - what MGM have you been staying at?  MGM is kind of gross.
1	I know I won't be coming back!! First, i would like you to know that I wrote this whole review and 2 others already while being on hold for the guest serveses at the front desk just to get some CLEAN towels (it's been 36 min and counting). However I would be surprise if anything in this old hotel is actually clean. I have found long gross hairs both in my bed sheets and bath and everything is covered in dust. And due to the slime that stick to your feet from the shower i seriously doubt it's ever really been cleaned. I came here for the pools but couldn't get in because they close at 7 and I had to wait 2 hours to check in because on june 7th I guess the computers had been down for 2 days already which explain why they said to "call back in 2 hours" every time I had called in the past few days for info. However I guess they thought they were doing me a solid as men in smug suits walked around passing out free drink vouchers for poorly made, bottom shelf well drinks that are either purely plastic alcohol or under poured nasty tasting drinks. Maybe mandalay bay is really so old that they sent out a tellagraph by pony express to fix there gaspowered computer system? I'm sure that at one time it was nice but they let this place go to shit and fast. I Wish I could actually file a complaint but Ive been given the run around 2 times now and I'm over it. Stay ANYWHERE ELSE!!
4	This hotel is one of the top on my list , not too expensive but is great, love their pool and since I always stay here when I'm in business trip is very convenient for me
1	I went this past Memorial Day Weekend. After reading many of these reviews I had high hopes but this stay was very disappointing. The service was terrible - the staff kept reminding me it was a busy weekend but that did not help me feel better that my room was not cleaned, I could not get service at the pool or the bars, and that there was a wait for the elevator every time I wanted to go anywhere in the hotel. Rooms were not that impressive. Then, on top of the resort fees they charge you, they  charge you extra to use the weight room. This place is over priced and absolutely not worth it.
5	I loved being here and the pool was the icing on the cake.  I rarely drink, don't smoke, or gamble. i was in Vegas on business so it was great having an awesome hotel to stay at.  The beach and pool were the best and I wasn't here with my kids.  The wave pool made me feel like a kid again though.  I want to come back with my kids just for the pool.  The aquarium is fun as well.  Now on to the room.  I had a double queen. There was a TV in the bathroom and oversized bath tub that was freaking awesome.  The bed was not tucked in every day which was nice since I always untuck the sheets.  So they were paying attention to what I like. That is always tops with me.  The rooms were very quiet and the curtains heavy. So the sun din't wake you up in the morning.  I look forward to coming back.
1	This place was horrible.  I had to wait in a checkin line for 90 minutes, and then they gave me a room that was already occupied.  We used out key and went right in and the other person's stuff was all over.  I had to go back in and start all over again.  Then there was a long line to check out too, and they couldn't produce as bill because their computer was down.  Room had a broken door that wouldn't stay shut.[I am adding this update on 6/23/12 because of how Brittany H from Mandalay responded.  Despite this computer crash that left huge lines throughout the hotel on check in and check out, Mandalay Bay offered big discounts online and on twitter to still try to fill their hotel to capacity, rather than focus on the guests that they already couldn't keep up with.  All I hear is about how much they value their guests but this is baloney.  When I was there, top management only cared about profits.]
4	For anyone who followed my recent gripe-fest about (Vd*ra) and suspects that I'm just an unhappy misanthrope who will never be satisfied with anything...I'm happy to say Mandalay Bay is great.It takes a lot of irritation to overcome my normal laziness and force me to actually check out of one hotel and in to another.  Vdara reached that level with me, and instead of silently suffering, I'm happy to say I got off my rear and voted with my wallet and moved to Mandalay Bar.  And I'm equally happy to say the experience here is like night and day.Mandalay Bay's rooms are a little older, and slightly less-trendy than the newest hotels in City Center, but they are perfectly nice, spacious and well-appointed.But the real difference comes in the form of the hotel staff.Here at Mandalay, the hotel is staffed by adults; people who obviously have a few years of experience in the hospitality industry.  They are courteous and attentive.  If you ask for help for a problem, they do their best to solve it immediately.  They treat you with the basic level of respect that acknowledges you are indeed a paying customer, as opposed to someone lucky just to have been let past the velvet rope.I've only been here a day, but every person from the concierge to the check-in staff to the bell desk personnel to the folks staffing the sundries shops are pleasant and courteous.  I'm not saying they are bending over being obsequious; I'm saying they meet or exceed that basic level of civility that makes you feel like the care whether you are happy and comfortable, and that they care whether or not you return again.So, anyway...it's nice to know I wasn't having a hallucination elsewhere...and that good service and professional staff do indeed exist in Las Vegas.  And as is the case in most of the good hotels, they do a world-class job that is competitive with any place anywhere.And no, I'm not a paid spammer for Mandalay Bay.  I'm just so thrilled, after my prior experience elsewhere, to find that good service in Las Vegas is still alive and well.
3	This was a nice place to stay. The room was clean and up to date.  My only gripes are as following:  Could seem to find a good cheap place to eat when we just wanted a snack instead of a pricey gourmet sit down place.  Second, all the good seats by the pool had to be "rented" and in order to get an inner tube for the lazy river you had to BUY one at $18 bucks a pop! Now why would we want to do that?  Plus the lifeguards at the pool were more like drill sergeants. And the drinks were expensive: $9 for a can of beer. The wave pool was clean and refreshing but I dont see myself going back especially since it is all the way at the end of the strip and they charged us $28 extra per night for "resort" fees which is supposedly for the internet and a newspaper and it is NOT optional!
4	pros:amazing pool, nice roomscons:far from the strip action, huuuuuuuge line to check in
5	I love this hotel every time I come to Vegas I books room in this hotel.Great services great location and amazing view of the pools. I love that is also great for families with kids and it does not smell like bar like most of the other hotels in Vegas.If you are in Vegas and looking for a great Hotel to stay in check out the Mandalay Bay...
5	Mandalay Bay is off the chains.  Never disappoints.  Our last visit was almost a disaster.  Expedia overbooked our suite so the room we reserved wasn't available.  The hotel staff made things right and put us into a Vista suite instead on the 62nd floor.  Talk about an awesome view and humongous suite...I'll definitely continued to book this hotel whenever I stay in Vegas.  Not sure why there's so many negative reviews on Yelp but I've never had anything but great service.  Our room was clean and all the staff were super helpful.
1	I wanted to love The Mandalay Bay, but sadly I did not. Let me touch on what I see many other reviewers have mentioned: the resort fee. The hotel reps say this is a standard fee for Vegas hotels. Just because it's standard that doesn't make it alright. This covers a daily newspaper - which I did not read, gym access - which I did not use, computer/ printer access - which I did not use and WiFi which I tried to use, but was so spotty I stuck to my cellular phone's network for internet browsing. All of the other hotels I've stayed at in the past year have offered these services FOR FREE. Oh and thing that was not explained to me on check in is that it's a DAILY fee. A 40 minute phone call to customer service got me 1/2 of the refund that I asked for. Other than bogus fees: the TV channel selection was dismal. I saw huge lines for the elevators to certain floors. Huge lines for the buffet - didn't feel like waiting, so I went elsewhere. The pools were so crowded I didn't bother with that either. The food was generally overpriced and average. It's difficult to get to other places on the strip. You have to take the tram to Excalibur, walk through NY NY and MGM grand to get to the monorail to get anywhere else in the city. Ok I'd at least like to end this on a positive note. I really dug the shark reef aquarium. The hotel was very clean and I liked my room set up. Having the House of Blues in the hotel itself was very convenient. Also, it's close to the airport.I won't be staying there again & I'll advice my friends and anyone reading this to take your business elsewhere.
2	Pirates-of-the-Caribbean length check-in line on a Thursday and half the available check-in registers unstaffed.  Okay, fine, I'll wait in line.Then my card keys didn't work, so I lugged my bags back downstairs (and that's a long-ass walk).  There's one register at the desk with a big sign:  KEYS AND INFORMATION.  Was there someone available to help me?  No.  That staffer was checking in a baseball team.  Really.  The whole team.  Because, as the floor manager helpfully explained, "When they're not busy at the Keys/Info desk, they check in guests.""Well," I helpfully pointed out in turn, "That leaves no one to assist me.  I'm already a guest in this hotel -- see?  Here's my card key.  Please assist me immediately.  I don't want to stand in the check-in line again.""Oh, but you won't be standing in the check-in line.  You'll be standing in the KEYS AND INFORMATION line."I could hear my nerves popping like bungie cords as they unfrayed one by one.  Speaking very slooooowly, I asked:  "Are you or are you not directing me to go stand behind the baseball team being checked into this hotel?""Well, yes.  But it shouldn't be very long.  There's only the outfield and relief pitchers left--"Me:  "Then you are telling me I have to get back in the check-in line because my keys don't work.  This isn't a check-in problem.  This is a hotel guest problem.  Please get a staffer to assist me, a guest in your hotel.  A staffer who isn't already checking in a baseball team.  Or anyone else."No dice.  I waited.  I might have forgotten all about the incident... except later that day I booked a second room for the rest of my late-arriving party.  Reader, I will elide several details, but the gist of it is the clerk accidentally checked me out of my own room when I booked the second room.So when I returned to my room, once again, the keys didn't work.  Returning to the lobby was like Groundhog Day.  "Hi, yeah, sorry.  Go right up to the KEYS AND INFO desk."Me:  "By go right up, do you mean shove aside the family that's obviously checking in at that desk?""Well, no.  But you should only have to wait a few minutes--"The concierge desk blew me off, too.  So when I spotted someone in a tie and a Mandalay Bay nametag hurrying by, I flagged him down.  I spoke very quickly.  "Hi, I'm a guest at this hotel and my room keys won't work and my luggage is locked in my room because they accidentally checked me out and none of that would be a problem if you would get someone to help me and not keep telling me to stand in line."Well, that guy walked me over to someone at the VIP desk, you know, for the fancy folk who never get irrationally told to wait in an endless line three times  and told them to assist me immediately.  So they did.But what really prompted this review?  After all the sturm und drang, the clerk insisted my promised "two free buffet coupons" were nowhere in the computer.  But I was promised them when I booked.  No, I'm not going to argue and look like a cheapskate.  Your strategy of wearing people down by having them stand in line till they're too tired to insist on what they were promised is a roaring success.  Bravo.  You saved $94 bucks.  Or rather, I'm out $94 bucks.The Restoration Comedy coup de grace?  When I checked out, the puzzled clerk asked why I didn't use my free buffet coupons.  No, sorry, can't deduct them from the room rate.  No, sorry, you can't use them next time you're in Vegas.You get two stars because the pools are nice.  Too bad I won't ever get to use them again, because you couldn't drag me back to Manda-Line Bay.
2	This is a nice clean place, if you're bringing the wife and kids and maybe grandma too. If you're younger or single and looking for a hip party, this is a complete waste of your time. We actually threw away our room and checked into Cosmopolitan mid-trip and absolutely saved our bachelor party weekend. It's unbelievable how quickly this town changes. You need to do fresh homework to get it right.
4	So I had quite a hard time deciding whether or not to give this hotel 3 stars or 4 stars, but I ended up going with 4 stars based on the things that the hotel provided for people just staying in the hotel.I really don't have many complaints regarding the hotel at all. The casino was kept very clean and had a nice open feel that kept you from feeling like you were a sardine. The only thing sucked about the casino was the smell of smoke, but that's not something you can avoid. The pools that I did see were awesome, but I didn't get a chance to go to the "toptional" pool ($30 admission to "toptional" pool). The rooms were amazing. Huge windows overlooked different parts of Vegas and the rooms were kept very clean and fresh. The bathrooms were very spacious and sported a huge soaker tub and a large glass shower. The biggest selling point for the bathrooms were the (slightly-outdated) TV's they had mounted that you could see from the tub. One small drawback to the room is that all the doors make a ton of noise, so there is no way to quietly move around the room without waking up the other people in your room. Also, the toilets make as much noise as those found on an airplane, so make sure you use the toilet prior to anyone going to sleep.The part that almost made them give me give them a 3 star review is the way they handled the business conference I was part of. Our first meetings were at 7:45am (not that early) and all 200 of us had to eat and be seated between 7:30 and 7:45. Well the hotel only has one restaurant and a Starbucks that are open before 7:00am and the hotel apparently didn't warn the restaurant that we were coming because they were only staffed with 2 waitresses. My company completely overwhelmed the starbucks because the restaurant wasn't moving fast enough. Conferences aren't anything special and they really need to figure out how to handle that kind of capacity. Besides the business conference side of things, the hotel is overall wonderful and a great place in Vegas.Tip: Go to their House of Blues restaurant. It's delicious!!! See my review :)
1	I canceled Wynn hotel came this hotel because the beach! It is like zoo and way too many kids!! huge huge mistake! Disappointed even tried change hotel. Please pick other hotel! If you don't care pick here! I  Never will be back this hotel !
3	Stayed here a couple times and the place looks real nice inside and out.  Yes even the rooms.  However as a Platinum member I have never had a view of the north side strip.  My last time here was only for a night and they couldn't even get me a view on the north side.  I really like this place, but if I had to say only thing I don't like is the location being at the very south end of the strip.... not such a big deal if you like to walk or cab often (or hang out at the same place the whole trip!)I will definitely go back as I know eventually my favorite trip there still awaits!
3	I'm another who wanted to love this hotel, but just couldn't.I'll spare you the minor details (unhelpful personel/ rude bartenders) and get to the nitty gritty.Upon first entering my room, after a long wait to check in, I headed straight to the bathroom to relieve myself. As I was looking down, I was astonished to find dried urine marks on the toilet. Yes, housekeeping took the time to fold the first sheet of toilet paper into a nice, little, pointed tip, but decided cleaning up the last guest's misfire, was not top priority...gross. Later, I hop into the shower and find mold at the bottom of each corner. This surprised me even more than the pee stains. This was not something that was overlooked once, but habitually. That shower hadn't seen a full cleaning in MONTHS... really gross. I don't even want to think about how often they actually change the sheets. *cringe*Ok so the housekeeping staff needs to change their eyeglass prescriptions, but how is the room service?This is something (among many other things) that I really appreciate about the Venetian, which has exceptional room service. When I pay $25 for a sandwich, I expect it to be at least a few steps above something I'd get at Chili's. The Mandalay however, did not fulfill this expectation. Late one night, I ordered a corned beef reuben, which I looked forward to for the entire HOUR+ that I waited for it. "Man, it's going to be so good"...NOT. Fucking terrible. The meat was so tough, I couldn't even bite through the sandwich. The final straw came when I went to pick my car up from valet. It's a push start, so the key doesn't need to be in the ignition to drive. This apparently caused too much of a mental overload for the valet service. One of the drivers must have tucked the key in his pocket and forgotten to tag it. I waited close to 20 minutes before I was informed that they could not find my key. They then proceeded to try to convince me that I had not actually turned in my key. After assuring them multiple times that I'm not a fucking idiot and that I had turned in the key, the driver had an epiphany of sorts and proclaims "oh, I bet I know where it is". Great, thanks genius. He headed inside to the lockbox, where they had apparently stored the key, because somebody was too lazy to backtrack and figure out to which car it belonged. I'm GIFTING this place 3 stars, seeing that it's not a total dump and actually has potential to be a great hotel. But considering the poor service, all the fees and overall price, Mandalay Bay leaves much to be desired. I'd rather pay the extra cash to stay at the Venetian (my default Vegas hotel).
2	I live in hotels and even though this is my 2nd time at this hotel I was NOT impressed. My room was not clean, an old hunk of cheese partially eaten was left in the honor bar fridge and I can see stray m & m's under the dresser from my bed. Elevator wait time is ridiculous and the button for my floor is even missing from one elevator. Wait time at check in unacceptable. Robe hook in bathroom is missing and every day I come home there are dirty sheets, pillows, trash and room service trays left in the hallways for way too long. Asked three times for a robe and I tip housekeeping every day, never got one. Lousy TV channels, not even HBO or Showtime. Was here for a conference but will not stay again. Not even close to being a 4 star property. More like 3 at best. Paid for a room upgrade room is small and also very loud with 21somethings 6 to a room falling down drunk in the hallways at 5 in the afternoon. Do NOT recommend
1	This hotel is horrible. I stayed here in the past weekend, and it was the worst experience I've ever had in Vegas. Rude and useless front desk, long-waiting on check-in and check-out since there are many guests got to dispute unauthorized charges like us, long-waiting on elevators, etc. I definitely will not return to this hotel...
5	This is basically my go to place in Vegas.  They have super specials, a great buffet, and an amazing pool area.  If you haven't tried this hotel yet you should.
4	What a no brainer!  There is nothing bad to say about the Mandalay Bay Hotel.  It has replaced the Rio as my go-to Las Vegas hotel (sorry Rio, Mandalay is just closer to the action).  Rather you are here for a Family Trip, Romantic Weekend or Guys/Girls Trip.. Mandalay Bay has you covered.  Which I find is difficult actually.  Most hotels aren't suitable for Family, Friends and Romance all at once.  Good planning MB.I'm not sure what the "theme" of the Hotel is.  But is is very luxurious without the feel of pretension.  I don't feel like I have to put on a front when I walk through the doors (I do anyway, its Vegas I can be who I want).  The clubs, restaurants, gambling and outdoor water activities are amazing here.  You could really never leave here and be fully entertained.But, beyond all the extras the heart of a hotel is the room.  And any room you get here is exquisite.  I hate when you are deciding on a hotel room and they give you the impression that unless you book a suite you are no good.  MB has something for every budget.  The plush beds are very comfortable, and the soaking tubs are a nice addition to a weekend trip with a romantic partner.Also, their concierge has a few connections to VIP lists at clubs.  Party Time.  Mandalay Bay, I cant wait to see you again.  Kisses.
2	I've stayed here before and liked it but not this time. The check in line at noon today was unbelievable. I stood in line for 90 minutes, missed my first meeting, and they didn't have a room ready.So they said they would text me in approximately one hour when my room was ready. I waited 2 hours but no text or call so and the room was ready.Ok moving on. I get to the elevators and there's a line around the corner for that too. It was about 5 minutes to make it to the elevators.Finally, on my way out, there was another, fairly long line for checkout, and I need to get a receipt for my expense report.  I was pleased to see that there was a guy who was taking down names and emails for "Express Checkout" and he assured me that he would email me my receipt later that day.It's been 6 days, my expense report is due today and I've received nothing.  So then I called Mandalay Bay this morning and was put on hold for over 15 minutes and eventually gave up.Very, very disappointing stay.
5	Absolute best resort to stay at south of the strip. It is pricey but you get what you pay for. The beach and the pools are awesome. The sights and the sounds are fantastic. I totally reconmend staying here at least once when in vegas.
5	A Mandalay Bay rep responded immediately to this review. In my book, that's huge.   The subsequent apology and partial refund means all is forgiven.  They deserve another chance, because if they can solve the front desk/computer/booking issues, Mandalay Bay really is a nice place to stay.
4	Stayed here in early April 2012.  I like this Hotel and casino a lot!  Especially the Mandalay pool :)  The club upstairs is cool, the DJ played Hip Hop and R&B all night which was cool.  The crowd that night was mixed.  Overall nice.
5	Nice classy place, just wish I'd win here!
4	So ok I get all the complaints - the elevator lines and the fees and the inconsistent service but we actually had a great stay here and would recommend it to friends. Everyone we dealt with was friendly and helpful from the reservation people to the housekeepers.  Yeah the lines at check out are a pain but maybe 15 minutes? You have to accept the laws of vegas. If you are not a high roller you're going to be herded and manipulated a bit so they can maximize revenue.  Just don't get sucked in.  Bring  your own inflatables to the lazy river, skip room service, check the bill when you leave, take the tram, walk.  This was a great place for our family to stay at and the kids just loved the wave pool and lazy river.  It had its moments but overall a pleasant surprise.
3	Sad to say I was extremely disappointed w/ my stay here. I come to VEGAS at least once a month since I only live 3.5 hours away.  I have always wanted to stay here because I heard they have the best pool in LV.  Well I have to stay the pool is nice looking but I did expect it to look better!  The biggest disappointment was the POOL we walked into the pool area about 12noon and it was like I walked into Raging waters it was FULL OF CHILDREN holly cow I have never seen so many children at a Vegas pool.  I was getting pumped, pushed, shoved by kids.  The staff at the pool also said I could not have my drinks in pool w/out a lid? So my beer was NOT enjoyable with a cup, lid, & straw it was like serious??? So not even 5 minuets and I wanted to get the hell out! I walked over to the lobby and asked to speak w/ a manager.  I have to say the manger on duty was EXTREMELY nice I explained how unhappy I was and disappointed w/ the pool being full of children and he said he understood and refunded my entire stay! WOW .......... that was easy! What a great management I did not even have to argue w/ them!  Very pleased w/ that part.  I spoke w/ a different staff member at Mandalay and she did mention it  very FAMILY FRIENDLY here because of the shark exhibit & wave pool so if you have children this is the place to stay.  But honestly Vegas is not a place to bring children I mean my parents never brought me either simply because HELLO its 21 & older here!  Oh yes, and not to mention the elevator lines are ridiculously packed!  We checked out and checked right into the MGM grand my FAVORITE place and guess what only 4 children sightings in the entire pool area woooooooooohoooooooooooooo  PARTY TIME!!!!  NO problem w/ my drinks having to be in a cup awesome POOL at the MGM GRAND!!!!
4	Wow,This place is crazy big but that's what's to be expected when you go to Vegas go big or go home i mean that's what i always say....This place was really fun and I'm glad we choose this place our room was super nice and clean and the staff was very nice to us plus we got a free room upgrade.. We aren't going to talk about price because everyone knows all hotel's are pricey in Vegas so we shall leave it at that....But all in all it was a great time and i can't wait to visit again, plus room service was super nice and if your up late which you will be, order the pizza extra cheese its awesome trust me.... Its perfect when your drinking or after your done drinking.... :-)
1	I'm really torn on what rating to give this place. First off, we stayed here on a Friday, which happened to be the first night of EDC. I expected Vegas to be busy so I figured there would be wait checking out. But unfortunately, their computers were down or something on that day, and check in took over 2 hours!! I know this is isn't there fault and they did everything they could to remedy the situation (free drinks, snacks, etc.) So my issue isn't really this. My issue is more about the aftermath of the day (i.e. my credit card bill) Because of the 2 hour wait, my friend was able to convince the front desk lady to give him a bit of a discount. She supposedly gave us $100 dollars off. Sounds awesome right? Well not when you end up being overcharged $82 on your credit card bill 5 days later. So when we checked out of the hotel, the computers must have still be down because we couldn't check out through our TV and there was no way in hell I was going to go wait in line for another 1 or 2 just to check out. Instead, I called down to the front desk, waited on hold for about 20 minutes and finally checked out. Since I did this, I wasn't able to see my bill because they were going to email it to me. Well the last thing I want to do in Vegas is check my email and worry about work so I waited until I got home to check my bill.We were given the $100 discount but they then charged us $30 for a late check out fee, even though we specifically booked through a promotion saying we are supposed to check out at 4:00 p.m. (this was also confirmed on the day of check in) So basically we were only overcharged $30. No big deal, I thought it would be a quick fix. I call Mandalay Bay to get a credit back on my card. Apparently I have to talk to the accounting department. I end up on hold for AN HOUR!!! No one picks up. Are you kidding me? An hour?? I then decide to email the accounting department. I have not gotten a response to date.  I then call the accounting department again two days later. Another ridiculously long hold. I then call the  front desk and explain to them that there is a problem on my bill and she says she'll try to fix it for me. Big mistake. She ended up correctly charging my credit card but then she charged my friends card $82!! (his card was on file because he checked in and used his card for incidentals) I have no idea where that amount came from and they did not have permission to charge his card. Now he can't get a hold of the accounting department to get a credit on his card. If this didn't happen, I would have given the hotel 4 stars. Rooms were clean. Service was decent. Good restaurant options. Awesome pool. But giving me a discount and then overcharging my card and my friends card? Unacceptable.
1	I've spent over an hour today trying to track down a copy of our room bill. This is a fitting end to what was an awful experience from booking, to check in, to the actual quality of the amenities, and checking out. Trying to get the staff of the Mandalay Bay to help with anything is a near impossible feat. Take adding a person's name to the room for example. That took three phone calls and nearly an hour of time. I'm sitting on hold (min 26:48) as I type this review, still unable to connect with anyone capable of sending me an invoice.  Go to the cosmopolitan, or literally anywhere else.
4	I really, really like Mandalay Bay.  All my staff interactions were super pleasant and helpful.  Housekeeping did a great job.  The bed was comfortable.  I liked that there was a TV in the bathroom, plus a separate tub and shower, and the toilet was in it's own room.  While it is a bit far from other attractions, there's plenty to do here.  I liked both pools, the casino has my favorite slot machine ever, there's fun shopping, and the bars and restaurants are good.
3	Hour and a half wait to check in, and the only thing they offer is free almonds and a few drink tickets. Won't be staying here again.
3	We got a room on the 31st floor facing the strip, which was the absolute best thing about our stay here. Other than that, the hotel itself was as nice as any other hotel on the strip downstairs (lobby, casino, overpriced restaurants). Upstairs in the room, though, the walls were so thin that we could hear our neighbors throughout the night. The bathroom and room we a decent size, but the bathroom itself smelled like tobacco from the time we checked in to the time we left. We called house keeping several times to no avail. They said that they would be up immediately,and never came. When we went out for the night, we came back to a new pile of sheets on the bed, but no air freshener for the bathroom. It's like they weren't even listening. The air conditioner was set on 60 from the time wet checked in, but it constantly felt like 75 in the room. We were able to get a late checkout at the front desk when we checked in, which was 1 pm as opposed to 11 am. Room service and restaurants were as expensive as you would expect them to be in a 5 star resort. We asked for a microwave and were told it would be $30 extra per night. There is a $25 resort fee per room per night. In room wi-fi is pitifully slow. The business center charges to print, but the concierge is included in your resort fee. You need to budget about 45 minutes to check in since the line is very long (I think this is the case at most "strip hotels.") It took forever to get up to our room. There are 6 elevators for floors 17-32, but the wait time to actually get in to an elevator and up to your room can be anywhere from 10-20 minutes. The resort itself is beautiful. The beach and the pool for a little over crowded, but seemed to be nice enough (we didn't have time to go).  The Toptional beach (over 21) has a $30 cover fee for men and free for women. The shark reef was nice, though the line to get in was quite long. Self park is shared with The Hotel at Mandalay, so it's a really long walk. If you're staying at the place, it's better to valet. Valet and Bell Desk were quick and courteous. We tipped about $2-4 every time we saw them.
5	Came down to Vegas for the weekend just to relax away from home.Stayed in a suite on the 8th floor overlooking the pool area. WOW! The room was clean, spacious, and fairly modern. The bed was super comfortable! Bathroom was large and clean and we even had a shower and SPA bathtub. We ran the jets a bit to get the dirt out though. Had a tv near the bed and in the bathroom facing the spa. We had a family in the room next to us. Kinda sucked because we could hear their kids crying  A LOT and through the night. Luckily, the room is big and it muffles it a bit.Spent most of my days there on the Beach Level. There was a variety of pools and spas. A lazy river with waterfall which was fun but TINY and short. The tubes from the Beach area were $25 bucks. Try to bring your own if you can. LOVED the wave pool (its a low and slow wave compared to one I've been too in Sacramento). There are cabanas and seating areas for reserving. The pool chairs that were white (non reserve) were so hard to find without people's towels and stuff on it. Also, when I did leave my beach bag of snacks and towel someone moved it and sat on it anyways. So no guarantee that you stuff will be respected. =PHeard the buffet wasn't good so I didn't check it out. The Mandalay Shopping area was cool to check out. Had a really tasty (yet expensive) burger at Burger Bar in this area.The line to check in was really long, but at least you get free water! It was like a 15 minute wait to check in. One of the hotels definitely suited for families since there was kids everywhere.FYI:  the RESORT FEE isn't for amenities like wi-fi. I worked in city real estate and they charge those fees to help pay for the government bonds they used to make adjustments to the property. For example, the fancy tram (in the hotel) we took to Luxor and Excalibur. Or the extension for Mandalay Place to have shops and maybe even to pay for the parking structure. Nothings ever free!
5	Beautiful and large hotel. if you are having a problem you can easily talk to staff they are very helpful.toptional pool, not for kids. cool shark museum and other fun pools for kids. but i would leave kids behind and have a fun time with just grown ups.
1	16 business days later and I have yet to receive the refund I was promised.
4	I have been to Mandalay Bay many times, but this is my first review for MB. MB has been one my favorite Vegas hotels, if not the top spot, for many years - just love the place and so when I decided to get married in Vegas, MB was definitely my go to stay.I booked the Vista Suite 6 months in advance, but when it was time to check in, we were told the room was not available due to 'a pipe burst' and the room was unusable. Although they did upgrade us to the Media Suite, I was pretty upset as the Vista Suite was what we wanted, for layout and location. I find the 'pipe burst' excuse a bunch of hooey - and tell me why was I the one who got bumped? I booked 6 months earlier - couldnt they have bumped someone who booked later? Ok, I got over it, because they gave us a bigger suite and it was my wedding weekend and didnt want to let this bother me.Once in the room, we discovered there was only one usable frig(besides the one filled with overpriced drinks etc) and it was smaller than most peoples lunch totes - very disappointing. Not only was it tiny, but it didnt work and we lost the few perishables we could fit in it. We called the front desk twice and it was never fixed or repaired in the 5 days we were there.The suite also lacked cutlery - really? and no glasses in the bar for our guests, we had to PAY a dollar a glass! really? no microwave either - that cost $25 a day! very disappointing MB! And get bigger ice buckets please!!!!Ok, so I had to get the negative out of the way - it has been bugging me. Lets get to why I love this place- the suite we did get overlooked the beach/pool and airport(which I love to watch aircraft takeoff/land, just love it) so that was very relaxing - more to see in my opinion than overlooking the strip.The bedroom/bathroom was gorgeous, very comforting and relaxing - LOTS of space. The great thing about the Media Suite was the ability to plug my iPod into the music system within the suite - speakers everywhere, it was awesome! much better than the stereo we brought with us (just in case).Joe, our bell hop, was great! Thanks Joe!We reserved a private bungalow at the Mandalay Bay Beach - very expensive and overpriced in my opinion, but it was great to have on a busy weekend and especially in 108 degree weather! The personal service there was excellent.In unusual fashion, we had two bad restaurant experiences (noted in other reviews) at Borders Grill and the Red,White and Blue restaurants, but Raffles was great.All in all, I still love this place - especially the Foundation Room if you can get reservations - just a little bummed we had the issues with the suite(s). I will always return to MB, unless things really go south. PS - my buddy AC appreciates the $80k he won on a penny slot - can you believe that? I am jealous you SOB!!
5	In Vegas, new hotels will pop up, so each time you visit something's newer and fancier. We love the beach at Mandalay, so we're always looking for deals in the spring and summer. With competitive prices all through the strip, loyalty only comes through customer service. Our recent stay proves this point. We got a $40 credit for booking w/ hotels.com to use on a buffet, but the highlight of our trip was provided by Kristin at the front desk (someone give her a raise, please!)We were visiting the beach area and when we slid our card through the attendant said our card was expired. We said that's impossible because we checked in that day. We told us maybe there was an error in the system, but unfortunately we had to give up our card and go back to the front desk to get a new one. After our beach visit, we went back to the front desk and Kristin helped us. We told her what happened and she was very apologetic even mad that we had been treated like that. We told her it was no big deal, but she said the attendant should have called the front desk to confirm to avoid the inconvenience. After apologizing several times more and asking how our trip was so far, she gave us a $75 credit for our troubles! We were shocked by her generosity and thankful for her care.To top it off, the next day when we were checking out, they took care of our resort fees ($50) just because of that incident! Sure, there are newer hotels out there, but I'm coming back to Mandalay because of great experiences over and over.
4	A  fun place to stay! The wave pool is worth the price! Nice sized rooms and a very courteous staff. It'll be hard to stay anywhere else after staying here. Negatives: crowded,  high prices on all  food and drinks. No price breaks anywhere. Price gauging on the inflatable tubes for Lazy River -- buy your own before you arrive!!! Like many large hotels you may spend a lot of time waiting for an elevator.  Overall a very fun stay that may seem high, especially after adding in the $28 per day resort fee -- but you'll enjoy it.
4	I have stayed at Mandalay Bay twice, once on purpose, and once on accident. The one on purpose was way back in 2003, for a surprise trip to Vegas for my 21st birthday. The hotel was pretty new and was the fanciest, most beautiful place I had ever stayed up until then.This review is about the time I stayed there on accident, in 2010.My then boyfriend (now Hubs) had never been to Vegas, so I decided to surprise him with a trip to Vegas a few weeks after his birthday. To make things even more memorable, he proposed to me on HIS birthday. So, we had several things to celebrate - his 27th birthday and our engagement.I had gotten a killer deal through Vegas.com to stay at theHotel (now you're probably seeing where the "accident" part of this comes in). We would be flying out of Sonoma County to Vegas and staying at theHotel for three nights, all for about $500. Total. Killer deal, right?When we got to the front desk of theHotel the agent asked if we wanted to upgrade to a Penthouse at Mandalay for $100 extra dollars a night. I'm not afraid to admit that on this trip we had a strict budget, so we declined the upgrade. The agent, a little surprised by our decline of the penthouse, tried to talk us into the deal by showing us pictures of the room and telling us that we would have a private entrance, etc. As sweet as it sounded, it was a no-go for us. Plus I really wanted to stay at theHotel. The agent told us to hold on while he talked to his manager. He came back and offered the upgrade for $100 for all three nights. (At this point I realize that they overbooked at theHotel and are trying to avoid telling us that by trying to get us to pay for an upgrade at their sister hotel). My now fiance, in his wisdom, told them, "No, we would really rather spend the money on gaming at Mandalay's casino." The agent steps away again and comes back and tells us that the Penthouse upgrade will be complimentary. I say "Sweet" and he says, "No, Penthouse." This killer deal of ours included a $100 resort credit, which I asked our agent if it covered the resort fee. He said usually no, but that he would waive the resort fee. We were definitely feeling like some lucky SOBs at this point.Okay, so now we have a Penthouse. And $100 resort credit, and no resort fees. Things are looking good. We find the private elevator and up we go to the second highest floor. Granted, we are facing the airport but I don't think we really cared too much at this point.This penthouse was insane. I felt like we needed an entourage to stay there. HUGE is the only way to put it.However, the rooms are starting to show their age. The air conditioner in the living area rattled a bit (funny story there involving the handyman who came to work on it, but it's not something I will share on Yelp). Some of the controls didn't work great. But for the price we paid it was amazing. So baller. And quiet on those top floors. Seriously, the private elevator thing was so nice.Mandalay Bay treated us well. No one trying to sell us stuff as we walked through the casino, just staff handing out free passes and being very helpful. (Got free passes to Mix and had a lovely time looking out from that vantage point). It also helps that we won some money on Roulette at a little table we found. We saw The Lion King here, which was phenomenal.Checkout was a bit of a pain in the ass with the wait, but otherwise our time here was a happy one, and perfect for our multitude of reasons to celebrate. I'm not usually one to stay in the same place twice, so I won't be back for a repeat stay since I've been twice already, but I will always remember the time we got to live it up in a Penthouse.
4	I recently gave Mandalay Bay 1 star because I was unhappy with the complications with the billing department. After the manager of the hotel reached out to me, everything was resolved. Although it was an additional hurdle I had to deal with, it does show that they do monitor these reviews and care about their guests. I do enjoy staying at Mandalay Bay (especially considering how awesome their pool is) and I will stay here in the future.
1	We reek of cigarette smoke and our eyes are red.  Horrible ventilation at this once great hotel.  Never going back.
1	One star for their mediocre service and resort fee. I had to pay $28 for poor breakfast buffet as brunch and if I wanted champagne that was extra on Wednesday, 4th of july that I stayed with them. Hotels rooms at the holiday inn were of better quality. Also would highly recommend their morning staff, both hotel and casino, be better trained. For a hotel that is on the south end of the strip, I would thought they be a bit more costumer friendly.
4	Beautiful hotel and resort. OK customer service. I hope our experience was an anomaly. We stayed there the first weekend in June when there was a big boxing match, dance festival, and teen concert. The hotel's computer system seemed to be down every time we tried to confirmation of our accommodations. Not good for such a packed weekend. They were handing out cookies and water in the lobby so that made it all better, right?Despite the drama, I'd definitely go back. After hitting the lottery or marrying rich, though.
1	It took two hours to check into the hotel.  Too few people working the desk and when we finally make it to the desk, we have been given a different suite than we reserved more than a month earlier.  We were not offered anything by the casino to compensate for not being placed in the correct suite.  We argued for 45 minutes before they miraculously were able to honor our reservation and put us in the correct suite.  There are too many casinos in the city to treat customers in this manner and I will never recommend nor stay at this one again.In addition to the room problems:The casino lacks choice and number of slots that other casinos offer. The Wynn and Ceasars are much better in this department.This was a return trip because we really liked our previous stay but that was before it was purchased by MGM.Do yourself a favor and choose to stay at another casino.
1	Worst Hotel I have ever been to by far.  When we arrived at 8pm it was an hour wait to check in, followed by a 15 min wait for the elevator. Unbelievable. Then we got to our room and they gave us a smoking room when we asked for nonsmoking. When we called down they told us they didn't have any more suits available, so we stayed in the gross smoking room. The sheets were like sandpaper and the air-conditioning was so small it didn't cool the room down at all! The internet went in a out the entire night, this is crazy since you pay a $25 resort fee for internet. The bath tub was so gross we couldn't even use it. It just seemed like a grimy old hotel that was trying to be high end hotel and it was just awful. Out total for the room was $140, we ordered two dinners from room service and it was $100! Go to a nicer hotel and pay the extra $50 or $100. It's worth it. It was just gross and CRAZY busy. We even had to wait 15 mins for the elevator the next morning for breakfast, in a line!
2	Wanted to give it higher rating BUT had to bring it down due to three reasons - check in and check out lines are insane! It felt like I was in line at amusement park. It took at least 30 mins in line to get my keys, not cool! - 1 pointAnother reason was that the lines for the elevators were just as long! They need more elevators! It was crazy having to wait so long to go up and down to my room on 17th floor. -1The third reason - WAY too many kids! I felt I couldn't really enjoy Vegas to full extent as there were so many strollers and kids walking all over the casino. I mean really people - go to circus circus if you really HAVE to bring your kids. You really don't. It's expensive and not appropriate when there is so much second hand smoke around (I was having trouble dealing with that, and can only imagine how the kids feel!). Because there were so many kids, I ended up going to the Luxor and Excelsior and other casinos to go have fun. The pools were packed with families and kids and not the setting I was hoping for my first Vegas trip-1The good points are that the hotel itself is beautiful, the room was very nice with great view. The walls are thin though and the neighbors (who had kids) were banging on our door asking that me and my friend , to keep it down because they couldn't sleep (11pm). What's worse is that at that time we were just watching tv and not even talking loud or doing anything else since we had just flown in and were already tired. The restaurants at the Mandalay were awesome! Hubert Keller's burger bar was awesome (must try nutella shake) as well as Border Grill (carnitas were heaven).  I was there for a training for work and the convention center was great, roomy, even though quite far. The Shark Aquarium was also really cool, though a lot smaller than I expected. My recommendation - if you are looking for family friendly hotel and Casino, I guess this would be the place. If you are Young, single or just want to party at Vegas - this is not the place to stay.  When I go back to Vegas I will go to a more adult centered hotel.
3	Shark Reef, Concerts, fine dining and upscale shopping are just some of the draws of this casino, not to mention the beach and wave pool.  On weekends and some week nights, the valet is full or reserved just for hotel guests so be prepared to parking garage it.  I have been to Mandalay bay for the Barenaked Ladies Concert, Big Time Rush (for my daughter) and Shark Reef.  I have also eaten at Burger Bar, RM Seafood a chinese restaurant and the Crepe place.Shark Reef is incredible and worth the reasonable 20 something admission.Why only 3 stars you may ask?  Well I never feel welcome here.  The restaurants are all expensive, even the overrated Burger Bar.  The staff seems less than friendly and getting around can be an adventure as you have to walk forever to get to Shark Reef.  The rooms are not worth the hefty price tags. Don't get me wrong, if you want to drop the dough, this place will make you feel like you are in luxury, but if you want value, you need to try one of the other resorts.  Not to mention this is a M life property meaning resort fees and impossible comps.  I much prefer Total Rewards where I almost always can get a free suite without much playtime and local discounts abound.Still this is one of the better MGM properties, second only to Cosmo.
4	Nice hotel to gamble, stay and play- since its one of the first place once i hit the strip i just stop here. I'm a fan of the eye candy bar in the middle. A-lot of action going on there.  The last time I was there some man tried to offer me 700 for my goodies- i took off running.
1	Man-dat's-lame BayFOR REVIEWERS TO SAY THIS PLACE IS UPSCALE AND LUXURIOUS OR WORLD-CLASS (3rd world, maybe), TELLS ME THEY HAVE NEVER BEEN TO AN UPSCALE, LUXURIOUS, WORLD-CLASS  HOTEL. Consider the source, people.Coming here was like a scene from a bad movie; I thought I was in Walmart on Black Friday. First of all, this hotel is NOT on the strip (middle of nowhere). It is far, far, FAR from the action. CHECK IN:  The line was sooo long it snaked around the entire lobby and moved at a snail's pace; one hour wait. ROOMS: The furniture is old, uncomfortable and broken. GHETTO. POOL:  NASTY! There were many wading pools, which all were filled with disheveled, drunken people, with drinks still in hand, who were all shouting over the 3 different types of music  (all playing at the same time). Also, there were no seats available, poolside, and trash was strewn everywhere. It looked like a Tijuana alley. THE CLIENTELE: 99% can be found at "People of Walmart.com" WARNING: They boast of having a private nude beach! Thank you for keeping it private. ELEVATORS: There is a line to get into these tiny, crowded (sardine style) contraptions; they are dirty and SLOW = nightmare fuel if you are on the 34th floor,since it stops at EVERY floor. We were tightly squeezed in between a loud, obese, drunken wedding party. SHOPPING: Uuuh, nope! Lame, unknown, shops. CUSTOMER SERVICE:  It was difficult to call them since the main phone (from the 80's) was broken, so I had to use the one in the bathroom. When I complained to the manager (woman) was rude and not helpful.   FEES: Watch out for the hidden resort fee; it will be added to your bill when you check out, about $30 extra!OH! Look at all the one star ratings that have been filtered, for some reason!THIS PLACE SHOULD NOT BE
4	If you want pools, this is the place. If you are traveling to Vegas with kids (I pity you) the wave pool is great to body surf in. The lazy river is more like being in a bowl of Cheerios and clinging to the walls. It can get crowded and I don't know about you, sharing all that water and "space" with my fellow man kinda gags me.The hotel is clean with great amenities. They have a cardio-only gym that was included. That's rare.Great place at the "clean" end of the strip.
1	Unfortunately we also had a sketchy stay several weeks ago. We had read pretty good reviews and were excited, especially about the kids-free adult pool area (aka Moorea Beach Club). Had read all about the GREAT robes you get in your room. Check-in: long line and not ONE seat in the cavernous lobby to sit in. Got to the room (dated and worn furnishings) and NO ROBES. Also there was lipstick graffiti on our wall mirror over by the window which had been left by housekeeping. Called down for robes at 3pm. Said they'd send them right up. Called again at 7pm. Apologies and same promise. Ran into a housekeeper at midnight, said he'd return within 30 minutes-you guessed it, no robes. Called the next morning and FINALLY got our robes (not that great unless you are HUGE). Decided to wait on the lipstick and see if it got cleaned.....that was on Saturday. It was clear housekeeping and customer service could care less and have NO quality control or audits in place. When we finally mentioned the lipstick to the houskeeper on WEDNESDAY she said she thought we did it and didn't want to clean it....how about asking?? C'mon. Several sequins fell off my dress on Sunday evening and were still there the day we checked out (Friday) so vacuuming obviously does not happen. Dirty stains in our whirlpool tub....One phone was broken. Our electrical outlets were not functional. There was some sort of business card between our sheets which had obviously gone through the wash with them and not been noticed by housekeeping when making our bed, yet WE found it. EW. Stains on the tete a tete sofa by the window (EW again) etc....Stalking phones calls selling us the SPA (more on that later) at least 3 times a day every day. We knew about the resort fee and were told it was to cover wifi and the gym (we are fitness freaks). Ok, 25 a day for that was cool. Wifi was not functional for the Verizon phone at all. ATT phone worked ok. When we tried to find the gym (it's not listed ANYWHERE on the room literature) we were told it was a "cardio center".....that is included in the fee, not the actual gym with weights etc....which has to be paid for seperately as part of a daily SPA fee (50 bucks per head per day!!!!!!) and you have to deal with spa screening to get to it as it's at the back of the spa. When we complained and demanded a supervisor, they RELUCTANTLY acquiesced by "giving" us three visits (between us!). What a joke. In a town where comping is everything? PUHLEASE. It's at the end of the strip (far end) so off the beaten path, with a tram to Excalibur and the pyramid place. We knew that going in but it was necessary to take a cab pretty much anywhere. The pools?? It was about 110 so going before 4 was not possible without an umbrella. Want one? It's gonna cost you.....ridiculous!! Upward of 100 bucks for the regular pool during the WEEK. Moorea Beach Club? 50 bucks for each chaise, 50 bucks for the umbrella, and another 50 bucks for my husband to look at the boobs (of which mine were about the best LOL). RIDICULOUS. Also on a weekday. This was a 50 buck discount. 200 vs. 250. But I WILL say once we were there, it was about the best part of the entire stay. GREAT service and scantily clad babes for the boys were serving us. People were more mature and well behaved. Nice pool and nice bar, chaise service, complimentary water (for 200 bucks). Overall this place is nowhere near an elite. About a Hampton Inn level. I didn't expect Ballagio but I expected WAY more than we got. And customer service could not have cared any less. Restaurants were ok at best. Buffet? SKIP IT. No winners that we noticed on the gaming floors either. Not the place to decompress unless you are prepared to lay out massive money for a mediocre experience. This places need to start OVER. Management, are you listening? Have you seen these reviews? Do you even care?
3	Casino:   Nice, wide and has every popular slot machine and card table.  Wanna take a break from gambing, there's a froyo & starbucks to cool it down or warm it up as well as plenty of dining places within a walks way.Entertainment: House of Blues host concerts to some big name artists and the Starlight Tattoo shop always an interesting place to peek through the window. Live band plays nightly at casino bar and Shark Reef always a fun place to visit.Beach:  Great place to go swimming at lazy or wave pool especially if you have kids.  Moorea beach club offers European bathing experience for those true "party animals" that prefer minimal tan lines.Shopping: The bridge that connects to Luxor contain small boutiques with a few big chains like Urban Outfitters & Nike.  There's also famous Hussong's Cantina if you're feeling for some live mariachi and even an Art & Music Gallery for some home decor spending. Coolest Concept:  Minus5 ICE Lounge where the temperature is constantly kept at five degrees below Celsius.  A lounge made almost entirely from ice down to the glasses where they are frozen solid to keep your cocktail cold.  WOW!
2	Just got back from LV and had a pretty good time. Stayed at Mandalay Bay. Not the first time there (LV and Mandalay) but will probably be the last.  Vegas can be your worst Walmart nightmare, and MB has seen a better day.Like most things in vegas, prices are high. Food is good if you eat at one of the higher end restaurants, but pricey.Pool area was packed (summer vacation time I guess). Courtesy goes out the window here...people just climbing all over the place. Wave pool was closed twice due to "biohazard" the day we went. Since you have to be 4 ft tall to enter, I don't know what that means. Drunken incontinence?Spa was average for amenities and service.Comps are tight. Not sure that is true at other non-MGM casinos these days. Drink service was slow most of the time. Not like the "old" days (10+ years ago) :-)Bars were ok, except eyecandy that added the tip, hid in on the folded check and didn't say anything about it. This p*ssed me off more than anything.Rooms are dated and need repair and renovation. Half the lights in our suite didn't work. After 13 years, the suites are showing their age.Most the of the staff were cordial and helpful. Service at Raffles was slow at times, and not too cheery.Did notice lines for check-in right around normal check-in time but we arrived early and avoided that. Yes, there is a wait for the elevators, especially at check-in and out (doesn't anyone use the the bell man any more?), and at pool closing time (watch out for all the inner tubes and sweaty shirtless guys).Being down at the end of the strip is ok, unless you want to be able walk to several hotels, etc. You do get alot of plane and helicopter traffic but you only hear it outside.Not the worst place....i'm sure there are better.Also, find out what conventions etc are there. That affects the crowds and clientele.
3	Went here for a convention. Did not spend much time in the casino.  The place is huge and has great ammenities if you go here with kids. Great pools, and "beach" opportunities. The hotel has 5000 rooms so service is for the masses. No special attention. Stayed in a double queen room. The room is large and the bathroom is Ok; not particularly modern. No coffee maker in the room. Internet is free (yeah). The restaurants on site are pretty good but the prices are upscale. $22 for breakfast per person.  This is a resort so there is a $20+ resort fee per day, in the end the bill adds up. If you like Vegas type vacations it is a great place.
3	A decent place if you're taking your kids to Vegas.  Pools are fun.  I thought they were clean enough.  Buffet was just OK.  Problem is that they encourage families to stay, but then there no kid friendly eating places, except for the Buffet, which was so so at best.  Best choice was Raffles Cafe, but still $80 for breakfast for 4.  Kids say waves in wave pool should be bigger.  My biggest complaint was the AC in the room.  It never got cool.  I called for service but nothing changed. It was really too hot in the room to sleep comfortably.  It was only 102, so it wasn't abnormally hot.  I would say 2 stars, but kids are voting for 3.5, so I, going with 3.
4	Mandalay Bay is one of our favorite hotels. Why? Well, we love that the lobby (impossibly high ceilings; calm, gleaming with marble; and housing a large aquarium), and the other public areas really do make this seem more like an actual resort hotel than just a Vegas version of one. You don't have to walk through the casino to get to any of these public areas or the guest-room elevators, the pool area is spiffy, and the entire complex is marginally less confusing and certainly less overwhelming than some of the neighboring behemoths.The spacious rooms may not seem as luxe when compared to newer options at places like Aria or The Cosmopolitan but they are still lovely. They are all sleek modernity, like everyone else in town, but the furnishings are cozy (love the window seats) and the fixtures fine. The bathrooms are downright large with impressive, slightly sunken tubs, glassed-in showers, double sinks, and separate water closets, plus lots of fab amenities. Rooms on higher floors have some of the best Strip views in town, but usually cost an additional fee.There are no fewer than four pools, including the touted wave pool, which is, unfortunately, a classic example of Vegas bait-and-switch. It can't handle waves of any serious size, but bobbing in the miniwaves is delightful, as is floating happily in the lazy river (tubes are available for rental -- we say save some bucks and share a tube with friends). Though it was already the finest pool area in town, recent overhauls have given it even more style, adding in a poolside casino, restaurant, and bar. All in all, this area alone makes this resort a top choice for families. The downside of creating such an alluring pool package is that it lures lots and lots of people to its sandy shores -- so many that at times it becomes more of a pain than a pleasure. If a quiet poolside retreat is what you are looking for, you may want to go elsewhere. A well-equipped workout facility, full-service spa, and a salon complete the recreation package.
4	Me and 10 of my friends squeezed ourselves into an X3 suite. It was plenty of space while getting ready and whatnot, but there weren't enough beds (granted, we knew what we were getting into). There are two queen beds and a king, and a chaise lounge and a couch (but it doesn't pull out). If you ask for a roll-away, it costs $35, so we didn't bother. The room itself was gorgeous. Whirlpool tub and a separate shower in the master bedroom, and a huge shower in the other bathroom. Four sinks total, so there was plenty of counter space for all of our junk.I would definitely stay again.(You have to hunt and peck to find an ATM though!!)
5	Great place to stay! We had a great time. We stayed at the media suit it looked just like the picture in their website. The beach pool was my favorite. It was busy but customer service was good. Can't wait to go back!!!!!
1	Overall a bad experience.  When we got to the hotel to check in, we had to wait for almost an hour... And this was on a Saturday afternoon.  No upgrades on the room were available.  When we got up to the room, it was less than impressive (decor was a bit dated) and it was on the small side.We decided to get something to eat and tried the Raffles cafe.  We waited literally 50 minutes to get our food.  And when we finally got it, the food was horrible and way too expensive.The casino was nothing special, spacious but dated.Room service was way overpriced, our room was never cleaned, and even after calling them to come and get the table from the room service from inside the room... Housekeeping never came.So there is the wave pool and the lazy river.  They were somewhat fun but WAY too crowded.  Even Sunday night at pool closing (which was 7pm) the pool was packed.Finally there was the bill, tons of unexpected charges including resort fees and unmentioned extra fees for the room service.This was a horrible experience.  Not only was I disappointed with the hotel, but it was so bad I am even questioning going back to Vegas for a while.  Is this what has happened to hotel service out there?
4	Love it.  Seen some celebrities.  Front desk is great.  Always upgraded us for my husbands R&R.  A bit pricey but you get what you pay for.
5	This hotel is the best if you have kids with you. I planned a last minute trip with just me my 2 kids and their 2 friends (10 years old to 14 years old). Booked a corner 2 room suite. I had one room to myself, 2 kids staid in the living room and 2 in the other bedroom. Why so good with kids -- the pools. Other hotels have little gimmicks that are fun for a few minutes but the wave pool at Mandalay was enough to entertain this crew actively all day! The lazy river pool is fun as well especially swimming against the current. But body surfing in the wave pool is the kind of fun that they didn't seem to tire from. Other fun things in Vegas with kids are the Pole Position Race Cars and stopping at Calico on the drive back to California.
5	I have stayed here twice, and can't say enough good about the ambience and quality of the hotel. Staff rules, it doesn't smell like a gross smokey casino, great food . I like you Mandalay , you are awesome
1	Stayed at Mandalay Bay this past weekend and left a $300 pair of Jeans in my room. Housekeeping decided to keep them as we called back the following day and no jeans were ever turned in! As frequent stayers @ Mandalay it's very disappointing that the maid service is keeping clothes rather then turning them back in so that their customers can get them back! Thank you NOT so much Mandalay!
5	We had a room on the 31st floor. It had a great view of the strip with lots of wonderful places to eat and shop. The ATM fee was one of the cheaper places to get money. Now the buffet was okay, I did prefer the one at the Rio hotel however the sit down restaurants were better quality and choices than anywhere else on the strip. House of blues was amazing, the burger bar was very loud but delicious, and they have an Irish pub filled with traditional eats and the best pint of Guinness that I have ever had.
4	Stopped in here last night for a few drinks and spend $5 in a machine. We also ate in the Mandalay Place area. Very clean and spacious which I like so you aren't bumping into people passing by or moving out of the way all of the time. It was nice to stop and sit at one of the many benches and listen to waterfalls or look at statues. This is a great place with many food options and of course catch a concert. There is always the Shark Reef with gives you a discount with a local ID.They have valet service as well as a parking garage with escalators.
4	I stayed at the Mandalay Bay hotel last weekend. Starting with the great things: 1. The hotel pool is great! I loved the fake sand and lazy river. There were a lot of children around so if you don't like kids you might want to think of another pool. 2. There are a lot of wonderful restaurants to choose from within the hotel. My favorite was Lupo (Italian). 3. It's easy to get free drink coupons from the concierge. Standing in line at the front desk will get you free drinks easily. Pretty much anything that goes slightly wrong in your stay, ask for something free in exchange. 4. $75 at any Mandalay restaurant. I got this great deal by booking the hotel through jet blue. 6. The room was clean, great bathrooms, comfortable beds. Not so good things:1. You need to put down a deposit to use the mini fridge in your room. 2. There must have been some construction going on because one morning I woke up to some hammering at around 8am. 3. Too many kids in the pool. Good for families, not good for the younger crowd.
1	We stayed here 11 years ago for our daughters 21st.  It was great.  What happened?  Now, it is dirty,drab and depressing.  We were promised a suite at a high level and got a room with a view of a wall on the 3rd floor.  As far as we are concerned, they went from 5 stars to 0.  No amenities, towels you do not want to use, and don't sit on the furniture-- it is scary.
5	The ultimate Mega Resort still is one of MGM's prized properties! Located on the south end of the strip, you really don't have to leave this place... You have their sister hotels - Luxor, Excalibur, NYNY and MGM Grand as other options within walking distance or tram. They provide a range of gaming options and tons of dining to satisfy anyone's palate. Their man made beach is amazing and they also have a poolside casino (not actually poolside) but offers the best views since its on the second floor and air conditioned if it's too hot and you don't have a cabana. During the summer they also host concerts at night! Give them a try... Spend a little more and upgrade to The Hotel at the Mandalay Bay and enjoy the extra space and premium strip view, you won't regret it.
3	This review is based on their 2 bedroom suites. It's a decent size about 1400 sq ft and layout is like most 2 bd suites you expect. But staying in a 2 bd room suite you expect certain things that you'll sure be disappointed here. First, they should seriously remodel and upgrade the rooms, it looks like a room from the 90's. Secondly, you be very disappointed as the doors separating the bedrooms and the living/dining area are glass door not solid wood doors. You never feel like you have complete privacy eventhough the glass doors are frosted. These rooms are average at best for a 2bd suite. Note: please get the rooms facing the strip if you must stay in these rooms and request higher floors.
2	We have stayed at THE Hotel before and it was great. We were traveling with a group that was on a budget, so we all decided to stay here together. We were greeted by a 45 minute wait for check in. It then took 30 minutes for them to check us in. The rooms are nice, great bathrooms and comfortable beds. The room stewards were ok at cleaning, nothing great. In the morning they are VERY loud when knocking on other doors and screaming "house keeping". So the sign on the door will get them to not knock on your door, but you'll get woken up anyways. The pool area is great BUT you can NEVER find a chair. Two friends of ours were at the pool very early so we shared two chairs that they had and the 6 chairs next to them were left with towels and empty food containers for 4 hours while we were there. We told an attendant but were told if there was a towel there then they couldn't touch it. THERE NEEDS TO BE A TOWEL DEPOSIT!!!!!!!!!! If there was a towel deposit then this crap wouldn't happen. You need a card to get in the pool, so why not use the card for this too? There have been complaints for years about this and still nothing done. This, along with other things makes it very clear they don't care what their customers think or want. At the end of staying there, it took us over 30 minutes to check out with only 4 groups in front of us at noon. There was only 1 person doing check ins (with a line of 10 people waiting) and 3 doing check outs. They are severely under staffed. Add the crappy service to the fact that the hotel is on the far end of the strip and its a PITA to get anywhere and we will not stay here again. I'll live without the sand and wave pool, because you can't really enjoy it without chairs anyways
3	Really nice hotel.  Nice rooms, great casino floor, fancy pool, but quite a hike from the main part of the Strip.  And really, after spending 6 hours wandering the Vegas Strip I really don't want to have to walk 20 minutes back to my room at 2am.
2	Got the room for about $75 per night so it's hard to complain, but I think we'll look elsewhere next time.  The decor is very nice, but the rooms need a good overhaul. Stains on the upholstery couch, dings in the wood furnishings, and carpet that looks dirty. The towels are well past their prime and are totally rough and threadbare. (I have had better towels at Holiday Inn.)The pool area is a collection of several different types of pools, but there is very little shade and its quite overcrowded even on a weekday. If you want any shade a $100 umbrella rental or $350 Cabana rental are your only options.  Pool towels are nasty and appear that they were purchased used from a local YMCA. Chaise loungers are rough too and need to be cleaned or replaced. If you sweat the details, then this isn't your place.
3	I stayed at THE Hotel @ Mandalay Bay.    I was very impressed.  All rooms are suits and we had an excellent one with a view of the strip.  The sitting room has a desk with complimentary wifi, a nice comfy couch (big enough to lay on and get comfortable) while watching TV.  Separate bedroom with a TV.  All rooms have DVD players which is great instead of having to pay for in room movies Dvd players are in the main room, not the bedroom. 1 1/2 bath.   The room I felt was very reasonably priced.  $100 (minus the AAA discount) so $90 plus $10 tax plus $25 resort fee (and then get this) $3 tax on the resort fee. Which really isn't their  fault I guess it just seemed a little overboard.  So a $90 room is actually $128.00.  If you are going to the pool it is a whole different story.  Wow.  What a rip.  A domestic beer is either 7 or 8 bucks each and pina coladas they sell in a large souvenir cup for $20 but then you get refills for $12 each.  So maybe if a couple of people share a cocktail after a couple of days with the cup it might be worth it.  They have a little convenience store by the pool that sells just about everything but beware, there are no prices marked on anything and believe me the prices are as bad as the beer.  Now on to the "wave pool"  the Mandalay bay website says they are up to 6 feet.  So my boys ages 11 and 13 were super excited to go.  Well they are more like 1 or 2 foot which makes this the perfect kiddie pool. So crowded they just kept running into kids.  I asked about the 6 ft waves and they said they no longer do that (they need to change their website)  Kids over the age of 14 need their own key to get into the pool.    I also need to mention the price for the reserved chairs.  The day we went (I understand it varies) but on a Wednesday they were $50 each for a front row seat (front row to the wave pool) for the second row they were $25 and the umbrella was an additional $50.  We were lucky enough to find a chair but I can see how at times that would be difficult. And no shade to be found anywhere.    The chairs on the sand are comfortable but the chairs on the concrete are extremely uncomfortable.  So that may be something to think about if you have older family members.  I stayed at the Golden Nugget the first 2 nights of our Vegas trip.  So being there, there are ways to save money.  The buffets, $10 prime rib dinners, the $1.50 hot dogs for the kids at the Fremont.  $2.50 beers at the ABC store.  (bring your own opener)  free entertainment on Fremont street at night. But then to go to the Mandalay and not have any options but the over priced restaurants in their hotel (Lupo is terrific though) They know they kind of have you over a barrel because it is so far from everything.  There is one option.  There is a McDonald's just inside the Luxor that you can get to by crossing through the little mall they have  that links the 2 casinos.   You are not allowed to use the fridge in the room  so maybe bring a cooler and just use their ice.  Bring your own inter tubes they will fill them for you (instead of the $25 for theirs, ridiculous right?)   Try Golden Nugget.  Pool is adult and kid friendly.  Hope that helps someone.
2	VERY DISAPPOINTED with Mandalay Bay in Vegas!!!- I don't usually write reviews but I definitely felt the need to do so today.  I travel quite often, and have been to Vegas too many times to count.  This was my first stay at Mandalay Bay and I was looking forward to the experience because the pool area is so well reviewed.  - As with most of my trips this one was a last minute vacation, so I called the hotel directly to book a Spa Suite. - I was lured in by the option of paying a fee for early check-in and late check-out, since we were only staying one night I wanted to make the most of it.  - The reservation clerk assured me that I was guaranteed early check-in, multiple times because if he couldn't arrange it I was more than willing to book another type of suite online and assure I got early check-in, and I told him that.  - With everything set, my husband and I woke up early, drove to Vegas, got in at 10:30am (I was told the room would be ready by 10am), and attempted to check-in.  - The room was NOT ready and it seems that the reservation clerk lied!  He never booked the early check-in or late check-out as promised.  I was willing to upgrade to another suite (as I had seen on the website not more than 6 hours earlier) but I was told that there were no other rooms available (although I was able to book another room on my phone when I tried).  They were apologetic and waived my resort fee (little consolation).  - I was checked in, given keys to a "phantom room" and told that I would be sent a text message with the room number when my room was ready (I was not a happy camper).  - We went about our day waiting and waiting and waiting for the text that NEVER came.  At 3pm (which is regular check-in time) I called and was told "we sent you a text message".  Funny how theirs is the ONLY text message I did not receive that day.  - Once we got to our room (which I must say was a nicely laid out room) the smell of cigarette smoke made you gag.  We called the front desk and were assured that this was a non-smoking room.  Unfortunately the previous occupants didn't care to follow the rules and used a shower cap (which was still in place) to cover the smoke detector and smoke to their hearts content.- The front desk offered to send someone up with an atomizer to deal with the odor (since there were no other rooms available).   An hour later, maintenance shows up and informs us that we would need to leave the room for a couple of hours in order for them to use this atomizer.  WTF? Seriously?????- To make a LONG story slightly less long...... The next night we called for a blanket that never appeared, we asked for a coffee maker that they could not provide, we requested hot water which they wanted $5.00 for (not including the $2.50 delivery fee), and lately this room, which I waited all day for, had a lovely view of the top of a parking structure. To quote my teenagers......all I can say is WOW, really?- Needless to say this was my first and LAST stay at Mandalay Bay!  Such a shame that they care so little.
4	Casino is more spacious than most other places!  But valet parking is limited to hotel guests only!
5	Stayed here a few times, On my last visit I got a 1500x3 suite. I've stayed here before and they are very roomy and spacious. Perfect for my fam trip! Each room is equipped with their own bathroom, and hot tub. (sometimes only 1 room has a hot tub) I love how th curtains open up with a push of a button.Anyway, my main reason for staying here if the pool. I brought my daughter along with me who loves to be in the water. Mandalay Bay offers and kiddy pool, wave pool, lazy river, hot tubs, and private cabana area's. I could literally stay out there all day, every day.I really dont have anything negative to say about this place, only that I love all its amenitties. Oh, and if you have the chance to go up to the Foundation Room you wont regret it. Probably the best view in Vegas!
4	This is one of my favorite hotels in town.  The .only reason for the 4 star is because check in is always horribly long.  Last time I stayed there there was a few hour wait to check in.  Besides that, the pools are wonderful with lots of variety.  The restaurants are amazing.  They also have shopping inside Mandalay Place.  The air feels nice in here too, not  too stuffy or smokey
4	Iv stayed here once, it was in February of this year. stayed for 2 days in one of there regular rooms, but it was so much nicer and spacious then the other hotels on the strips regular rooms. comfy beds, shower and bath tub in the room, and even tho we didnt pay for a view we still got a nice shot of the pool. the pool area is not as great as they hype it on the web site but still very very nice. drinks and food over priced like a mother fucker just what vegas is know for $$ but still fun. nice crowd of people at this hotel.Would stay again.
5	This is a gorgeous hotel! Everything about this hotel screams luxury. Love it.
3	The good:That mattress was surprisingly nice. i believe it even had a featherbed topper, which I adore. Pillows were nice as well! The standard room is not huge, but it works. The bathroom is nice, but doesn't compare to Aria or Venetian or any of the hotels on the higher end. This place is huge and has to rely a lot on itself since it's the tail end of the Strip, and I think it does a good job. i love their restaurants here and once upon a time saw Mamma Mia and the Lion King here, so it's got a special place in my heart.The bad:You can hear everything in the hallways. They have the cheapest doors possible because I heard many a conversation seemingly right outside the door while I was trying to sleep. And the worst part, and why I decided to knock it down from four stars to three was...hmm, how do I put this delicately? When my car came up from valet, it smelled like....scrotum. I'm just gonna leave it at that--I don't think I need to paint any more of that picture. Love the restaurants and the pools, a "meh" for the rooms and a definite "bleh" for this particular valet experience.
4	Stayed at the conference hotel last week for several days and was happy as a clam. While the hotel is far down south (after 10pm during the week, the tram is closed and you gotta walk!), it was a cool hotel. My room was spacious, the view of the pool rocked, and the bathroom was huge with a tub and tiled shower. The cons. I'm not sure. I am trying to think of something. I guess the location since it's sooooooo far south (south of Luxor). Pros. I got there at 9am and was immediately checked in (not sure about some early check in complaint from 9-3).  Never heard about a fee, I just checked right in. They offered me free late check out which I took since I had a workshop until noon. Then they kept my luggage safe for several hours.If you have kids, you want this hotel. The pool is huge and is world renowned.
5	I love this hotel! I have such good memories here in times past and I was just here recently for the Magic sourcing show. Okay, so technically, I didn't really leave the hotel... technically.. because of long work hours..but.. why  would I want to leave? There's so much to do here! After work, I ate at the buffet restaurant,  went to all of the clubs and lounges, bought a toothbrush (then lost it) , tried a triple shot something at Starbuck's (I'll never do that again) , sipped 3 drinks one night (which was really like 1 1/2 drink), ate chocolate cake and champagne in the middle of the night...pretty much everything  Jennifer Garner's character in "13 Going on 30" and I  could have asked for.  I did stay here at one point with a work friend and I enjoyed my stay very much.
4	I like this hotel!  It's a good time!  Raffles Cafe is THE WORST though.  Go somewhere else for food.  The pool area is awesome!  Lazy river, wave pool (which they don't let you drink in, LAME), beach chairs and all the good stuff.  Can we ban girls with nasally voices from Vegas though?  That's annoying.
1	It's been a couple of weeks since I stayed here, I just haven't had the time to post a review.  I do feel that it needs to be done.  My husband & I go to Vegas at least five times a year.  We really enjoy it there and like to stay at a different hotel each time, but usually remain pretty loyal to MGM-Mirage resorts.  August was a pretty busy month for us work-wise & we were pretty burned out...we needed a vacation!  I received an email from Sears Vacations with a special Vegas offer.  What timing!  We decided to make a quick getaway to unwind.  There was a choice of three hotel specials, the most expensive of which was Mandalay Bay.  Well, we have always wanted to stay there and decided to make the plunge & book it.We left early on Friday, Aug 24th to beat the check in crowd.  We arrived there around 12pm and the lobby  was PACKED!  There had to be over 100 people in line to check in.  There were only four windows open to handle this crowd.  They actually rolled a beverage cart to the lobby and were selling beer to people as they waited in line.  I couldn't help but think that maybe they ought to pull the beer guy off and put him behind the counter.  We waited 45 minutes to check in.  When finally reached the counter we were offered a "room upgrade" for $30.  I asked if she had a view suite and was told yes, so we decided to go for it.We got to our room & the 1st room key didn't work.  We messed with the 2nd one a few times & finally got the door open.  Our "View Suite" only had half a window...with a view of the roof!  We didn't want to wait in that line again-just wanted to get to the pool so we decided to deal with it & unpacked.  At first glance, the room looked pretty nice.  I changed into my bathing suit and walked barefoot across the carpet.  It was damp & sticky!  I grabbed my flip flops and began to notice that the whole carpet was stained & spotted, with "traffic marks" everywhere.  The sofa was stained & dirty as well.  There was hair stuck in the bedspread, and dust and trash all around the platform bed.  The clock radio/ipod dock didn't work, the jacuzzi had broken jets, and the ice machine was broken on my floor. Long story short, we were terribly disappointed with our stay.  This hotel needs some TLC, and for the prices they charge it's NOT worth it.   I did call the Front Desk Manager upon check out and she did credit us our "Resort Fee" and the room upgrade, but I still have the $462 bill to pay Sears for the original booking...I could have stayed twice as long at another hotel.
4	Very nice hotel.  The staff is super friendly and hotel is very nice and clean.  The rooms are very specious, the receptionist was very nice and said he would give us a room in on of the top floors (30th) which meant we would have a nice view and we did.  The bathroom was really big, I mean for three women to be able to get ready (make up and hair)  in one bathroom and the same time, it had got to be pretty big.  Everything is granite and marble.Oh.... one of my favorite parts about staying in hotels are the robes, some hotels have crappy ones and some have super nice ones, Mandalay Bay has very nice fluffy robes as well as slippers.  When I called and asked for a robe, I figured they would bring me one... nope!   They brought three, one for each person in the room.  Now that's some good service, and they threw in the nice comfy slippers.  The only reason why I am not giving them 5 stars is because they don't lend the floating devices for the lazy river.  Some people travel from far places and the last thing that want to bring home is a floating tube as a souvenir.  And they are around $25, so don't forget to bring your own tube.  And they also have certain areas that you have to rent chairs to sit in.  Now that is a little ridicules, I have been to resorts in Mexico that are just a as nice and also rated high and they do not rent for you to sit in specific areas of the pool.  Although its a little off the strip I would highly recommend this hotel.
1	Hands down the worst customer service ever!  On my first stay, they put us in the wrong room.  When we were moved to the second room it was not cleaned.  There was hair in the bed!!!  They clearly did not change the sheets before the next guest.  Also, the bathroom had hair in the sink where some had shaved and they didn't clean that either.  GROSS.My second stay was even worse.  I requested an ADA room for my mother who has mobility problems.  We were not given an ADA room.  The bathroom floor is very slick and she slipped and fell and hit her head and back.  She still is sore more than a month later and the hotel has not done anything!  I have contacted multiple people multiple times and they are completely unhelpful.  A little bit of good will and customer service would have gone a long way, but Mandalay Bay had done absolutely nothing!You have a lot of choices in Vegas so I would recommend to pick another one.  The location isn't great, it's on the end of the strip far away from everything.  It's a pretty hotel, but it's definitely not worth the AWFUL customer service.  I'm writing this review because I'm so frustrated at the horrible customer service from Mandalay Bay.  It's a luxury hotel, but don't expect good service.
1	I've never stayed at Mandalay Bay before and now I know why.... My husband is BANNED from making hotel reservations from now on. We checked in on a Sunday 9/16/12 at around 5pm after waiting in a very long line (they were hosting the Barrett Jackson Auto Action), only to be told that they had over booked our room and would upgrade us to TheHotel (never stayed there either) Okay, a little annoyed but its okay? No, it's not. The room we booked had a spa tub, the new room we are getting does not. Bummer. Not happy about it so they say they will offer us $75 credit for room service and select restaurants. Okay, not bad.... I guess.... We go to check out on the TV and go home. The next day I check my email for our bill. Notice they didn't take the $75 off. Gave them a call and they say they will fix it... sure. Welp At least I know  will Never stay there again. The only good thing about Mandaly Bay is Shark Reef.
5	My company had a managers conference here. Amazing place to stay! The staff was very attentive, room service was top notch, and the housekeeping was great!
3	The Mandalay is nice, spacious rooms, comfy beds, clean and above average.If you are looking for something hip for your taste, you may not find it here at Mandalay. Not modern anymore but Mandalay to me is like Tommy Hilfiger your once on top of fashion then other hotels get fancier like the Wynn. But hey staying here is a cut above the rest in comfort.This place has pretty good attributes: an Event Center, a House of Blues, some Lounge Bars, a Shark Reef, decent restaurants. Has all your needs in entertainment and eats.Solid 3.5 stars for well rounded experience.
2	Um....If only there was a between a 2 and 3 stars rating.....Mandalay, I know you were the Stuff in your day...sadly that day has passed... I just do not know where to start or what to say..So many mixed feelings here...Mostly, I will say this--Beware of front desk check-in tricks-- like $100 "incidentals" fees EVERY DAY-- apart from the already $25 resort fees daily... and Mandalay staff Just NOT giving you the same info twice...
4	I want to give MB 5 stars, but honestly I have only stayed in now 2 hotels in Vegas so I don't feel qualified to give it 5. I thought the hotel had a nice variety of restaurants, though some had odd hours (for breakfast, etc) and they had a great band for entertainment at night, though not a real club at night. The beach area is really nice. Loved that. The rooms are also spacious and quiet and the location is ideal. Close to everything. Great value for the money.
5	Great trip to Mandalay bay.  We had no issues or problems.  Per my own rules a five star review is warranted as I would travel specifically to return to this location.  Food was top notch.  Had the best steaks of our lives at StripSteak.  Excellent hamburgers and beer at Burger Bar.  Craps tables were $15 min both Sat and Sun.Checkin: We arrived on a Friday in late September at 8pm.  Less than a 10min wait and no problems with our room.  Rooms were well appointed and clean.  Tip:  Pick the 17th floor or as close as you can to minimize elevator transit times.  We were on floor 31 with a nice view, but most trips required multiple stops. Pool:  We booked the stay specifically for the pool and were not disappointed! Sand, chairs, lazy river, two pools and a fun but quickly boring wave pool. Saturday we arrived at 9am and had no trouble getting seats.  We stayed until 3pm.  It was really busy at 11am and beyond, but what do you expect.  Been to MGM Grand and Mirage and those pool ares were just as busy but not nearly as nice   Reserve chairs were $50 each, but they were always available so if you need one..The pool was amazing.  They could do more to make the wave pool more fun, such as allowing rafts or increasing the wave frequency (currently one per minute).  They seem overly concerned with safety...I don't usually say that but wow they are careful and stringent on the rules.Tip: The sun gets pretty intense.  If you want shady seats look for the chairs between the wave pool and the lazy river or near the West Lagoon cabanas.  Event center:  Attended a concert.  Good clean facility.  A little dated, but did the trick.Shopping: Marketplace has some shopping.  Connects to Luxor if you are looking for cheaper tables or a darker sadder casino experience.  Bodies was there and is worth checking out.Kids:  The little people almost always annoy me!  Just seeing a child on a trip to Vegas makes me angry.  Still there were not that many, even at the pool, and most parents immediately corrected the children.  So not a big deal.Overall a great trip that met expectations with none of the problems encountered by other reviewers.  The people were not old, the casino was super clean, the rooms were nice.  What's the problem?
2	I absolutely hate this hotel.  It has become so old and dingy and the quality of service has gone downhill in the last couple of years.  They really need to renovate this hotel.  Hotel rooms are the same as they were 5 years ago.  Their furniture is scratched and worn.  Their TVS are complete dinosaurs.  Very old and hardly work half the time.  Their movies for purchase don't even work!  They have on demand but it's fuzzy and static-ey ALL the time.  I am constantly having to get a refund because their movies are terrible quality.  $15.99 for a blurry movie?  I don't THINK so!  You are telling me that after so many complaints you can't at least fix that ONE issue?  Is this hotel really that hard up?Their room service is even worse.  They take about an hour and 15 minutes to get to the room and then the food arrives cold and tasteless, yet they charge an enormous amount.Their beach area is the nicest thing about Mandalay.  It's fun, hip and the concerts are great.I just really don't like staying in their rooms but we stay here because we are noir members and get free accommodations.  Since MGM falls under the same company we should try that hotel next time.The worst part of this hotel is the gaming!  Terrible slots that I never win on.  I have to go to other hotels to win.  Why do I even bother with this hotel?!?Mandalay Bay really needs to get it together and make some changes.  They don't come close to the newer and better hotels.  This place is a disappointment every time I stay here.
4	This place is elegant because it has many things from entertainment to eating. To begin with, it's a hotel that has a casino. Outside of the Mandalay bay, they have a pool, which they refer as a beach for people that are sleeping in only. Their floor has games for gamblers, from the one penny machines to the black jack & poker. The main reason that I came here wasn't for the gambling, but to view a concert. When it was time to go see the concert, I thought that the concert was outside, but after following the signs, I found it. It was inside the building, making it perfect place for entertainment. The only reason in giving this place a four is because the waiters that give out free drinks can take a really long time & I mean really long time.
3	When did they start charging you for every little thing at this place?  Seriously.  No coffee makers.  No refrigerator.  The rooms are nice and the environment is great but I really dislike everything about Vegas these days.  They used to bend over backwards to get you to come back and now they charge you $7 for a Budweiser.  I can drive 30 minutes to downtown L.A. and get the same restaurants and overpriced drinks.5 Stars for the Burger Bar and quality of the rooms.  The rest of it blows...
2	My friend and I stayed here 3 nights. We chose it because it was the best nightly charge while still remaining on the strip. The hotel was nice, the staff was friendly, and the price was right. Here's the issues: all day and all night you will here what sounds like a large creature in your drains glugging and bubbling. It sounds gross and it is gross. Vegas in general has some major plumbing issues I have found as this happened when I was at the Mirage 5 months back as well. You go to the front desk to complain and they pretend they have never heard of this before. It was so loud and so constant that my friend and I could barely sleep. We needed to sleep since we were trying to stay up late, but this was not an option. The walls are also so thin that you will literally hear all of your neighbors coming and going. If a door near yours opens or closes, your hotel door rattles and sounds like someone just kicked a large rubber ball against it. They supposedly sent someone up to "fix" the plumbing issue, but we had no sign of anyone doing such and no one ever contacted our room to make sure we were pleased. We should had been offered something when we checked out. This hotel is nicer and less dingy feeling than Mirage, so is your choice is between these two, choose Mandalay, but I could never ever go back to either because it is not possible to sleep! We ordered breakfast twice and the brioche and thee hashbrowns were delish! Coffee is good too. Room service at any hotel in vegas will break the bank. So insanely expensive! You do get a hearty potion here, however, and you do not need to order 2 of anything. One order of maybe 2 things should fill any normal human being and you won;t have to waste food that way.
5	Stayed here with wifey last year for my birthday. Room was clean and spacious. Restaurants were plentiful and the breakfast buffet was on point. Hit it up two mornings in a row. Only con was the long wait for the elevators, especially after 4pm. Didn't get to check out the pool/beach though. Side note: On the night we checked in, as we were getting on the elevator, Manny Pacquiao was getting off it. Awesome start to the trip. This was one night before his 3rd fight with Juan Manuel Marquez
4	Slightly above average Vegas hotel, average room. Honestly, most impressed that everything on their room service menu is 24 hours. Having filet mignon and lobster at 3AM after a night at the Foundation Room was nice.
4	awesome wave pool and lazy river. big casino. great selection of restaurants. decent rooms and affordable prices.definitely recommend.
3	I'd probably give Mandalay Bay 3 and a half stars.  I'm going to review the hotel and resort all as one here.  I stayed here for my bachelor party.Breaking things down:Rooms:The rooms are pretty nice by Vegas strip standards.  (Note that Vegas strip standards are pretty darn high.)Food:  The food's a-ok here.  The Noodle restaurant is pretty good.  (I had the Pad Thai).  The buffet is pretty much your standard Vegas buffet.  You can probably save on food by looking for a buffet pass at the cheap tickets booths on the strip.Casino:  It's nice, though the rules aren't very liberal.  Minimums are higher.  Put simply, I probably wouldn't gamble a bunch here.  But I'm cheap, and I also don't like to lose a lot of money.Rates:  "Out of the box", they seem to be on the high side of reasonable.  However, a friend of mind got me a discounted rate once.  I'm not sure how he did that.  I feel like you can get comparable rates at other strip hotel / casinos that offer the same quality of room at about the same cost.Location on the Strip:  Put on your walking shoes...  it's located on the very end of the strip.  The monorail that goes between Mandalay Bay and the Excalibur helps a bit, but if you want to get to the main monorail, your closest stop is the MGM grand.  That's a looooong walk.  Actually, I measured--one way, it's at LEAST a .65 mile walk, making it an even 1.3 miles round trip if you decide to wait for the monorail to Excalibur.  If you decide you don't want to wait for the monorail, double the distance (if you walk inside--that's exactly .65 more one way, 1.3 miles round trip) or shave off .02 miles one way if you walk outside.  (Inside's nicer.)It's also kind of crazy that you have to walk through what seems to be the most non-direct way through the MGM casino to get to the stop...  gee I wonder why.  However, the mall that's attached to Mandalay bay (that connects it with the Luxor) is actually pretty nice.Overall:  It's a very nice hotel, though my main gripe is the location.  It's awful far south to get the full strip "experience" easily.  I'd say there's less of a plethora of those jerks sitting there bugging you with "GET A GIRL TO YOUR ROOM" cards in the area, which is nice, but if it means that I don't have to take a taxi to get to the monorail or walk for over a mile (round trip), then it's not the best location.
3	My husband and I stayed here 10/17/12 to 10/19/12. I prepaid so I didn't have to worry about my credit card being charged. We were given a $75.00 food a drink credit. We chose to eat at the buffet and have the restaurants call the front desk to verify the credit when ordering food so we didn't have to put a credit card on file. The food was undercooked to me. The fried shrimp were crispy on the outside but gummy inside and the barbecue chicken pizza had great flavor but the crust was limp and not crisp The hotel was nice on the outside but I was disappointed with the room. The furniture was old and scratched up and the chairs and small chase had stains on them. The bathroom was the nicest part of the room. We didn't use the spa bath. The shower had good water pressure. Both sinks were making bubbling noises both nights but we dealt with it. There is a resort fee of $25.00 ($28.00 with tax) a day which was ridiculous. More than likely I won't stay here again. I'll just keep easing on down the road until I find some place that I really like.
5	Okay so this is one place I forgot to review on my Las Vegas adventures or last year and in the past.  I love this Hotel, I'll admit this past trip in 2011, I didn't get to spend as much time here. It is a bit out of the way if you are walking there even from somewhere like New York New York, yes there is the tram though that can take you all the way to the destination.  I remember walking here though straight maybe every time in 2009, when I was here.  However in 2011, took the tram only.  There are alot of restaurants, shopping areas to see.  I didn't really gamble here, was not feeling so lucky at the machines.  - I never got to see the Shark Reef Aquarium.  I passed right by there but never fit it in my schedule.  -Hotel buffet here I heard was really good but I just ate at the House of Blues and did enjoy myself greatly.  I look forward to coming back here again next visit and maybe see a UFC fight or Boxing match here.  This is to me one of the best hotels just to walk around and sight see the entire place. It looked very beautiful, the whole place really.
4	I recently stayed at Mandalay Bay during my brief 24 hour trip to Vegas to help the lovely Misti Y with Nerdy Dancing. Misti suggested that I stay at Mandalay Bay and I am very glad I did! During past visits to Vegas, I've spent time in the main areas of Mandalay Bay, but this was the first time I was an actual guest. I was pleased with the pricing of the hotel and I was also very pleased with the service and experience. Check-in was seamless and they told me that they will check guests in all throughout the day as long as there are rooms (unlike some other hotels). Rooms The rooms here are incredibly spacious. My room had a mini hallway, plenty of walking room, a huge King bed, couch, chair and flat screen TV. The bathroom was a walk-in with a separate enclosed area for the toilet. My view wasn't so fabulous but I barely had time to look out the window so it didn't really matter. I felt like the room was very clean and being Vegas, this is very important to me. Pool The famous Mandalay Bay pool. While I didn't get to actually enjoy the pool, I did manage to sneak down and take a look. This pool transforms you to the beach meets spring break all year round. They have a wave pool, full sandy beach, huge bar area, and plenty of room. There are actually five pools and you can choose between the party pools and the quieter one. It was almost overwhelming to see so many options and such a display. AmenitiesThe casino is nice with plenty of different games and there are several different restaurants to choose from. Within the casino, they have a House of Blues, steakhouse and a frozen yogurt shop just to name a few. However, Mandalay Bay is connected to Luxor and also has an entire mall of shops to walk through. The shops have stores like an Urban Outfitters, candy shop, sports store, Burger Bar, funny sock shop, jewelry, etc. They aren't very expensive shops, so don't visit if you're looking for your high-end designer shops. These shops are more economically-friendly.  Next time I stay here, I might check out THEHotel because it sounds even more fabulous than the rooms at Mandalay Bay. PS - I'm also pretty partial to this hotel because I ended up winning $100 at the video roulette table while I was waiting to be picked up to head over to Misti's event!
4	This is my second time staying at Mandalay and it is such a nice place.  The rooms are impeccable and all of the staff is extremely friendly.  I love it when you ask a question and they go out of their way to accommodate you.  I LOVE the Shops at Mandalay Place!  So convenient and a great selection of different things.  Expensive brand stores and touristy souvenir  shops are a dime a dozen in Vegas, so I'm impressed that they have searched to find a great mix!Plenty of restaurants to choose from and all at different price points.  Also, do not miss out on Evening Call!  A great place to get a huge, fruity drink and a small price.
1	This place sucks. To darn expensive for one the resort fee is way to much and they want it right away to. Funny thing is we did not even use the pool or anything. Then you go up to your room and they have mini snacks the price is so damn expensive to so we found a place to buy snacks and drinks cheaper. Also since the resort fee had to be paid up front we had no money so we ended up doing time shares and saying no to get free stuff to do until we got paid. Funny thing is we did not eat at anything in Mandalay bay either to expensive. This place is a rip off. Don't stay here. Plus it is way off the strip.
2	Came to Vegas for a friend's birthday and was stuck in a handicap accessable room (not what we previously booked). Hotel staff wasn't friendly and always seemed distracted. Was kept up until after midnight on 10/20 due to laud music from the hotel pool. We were on the 31st floor, so I can't imagine what the lower floors were experiencing. I called down to the front desk, and their only solution was ear plugs which I already had. Called again, then they blamed the noise on the Four Seasons. No apologies, just a suck it up sort of attitude. Upon checkout, spoke with the manager and encountered the same sort of demeanor. I thought this was supposed to be a nice hotel, but my experience was anything but.
2	(This review is long overdue...and strictly based on my room )Stayed at Mandalay Bay at the end of last year and it was OK. What I really remembered was that there was a hole in my sheets...and this is before I slept in the bed! I wondered how housekeeping could have missed a hole the size of my hand when they were making the bed...My favorite part of the room was the bathroom...I think the hotel is just getting old and needs to be revamped. It is not a bad property but compared to all the newer properties on the strip...Also went up with some friends to "the hotel" side of Mandalay bay and it was much nicer! If you choose this hotel I would recommend that you stay there.
4	Got married here. The vista suite awesome, partied hard in there. Great view of the strip.
3	Clean , quiet rooms but way to many people, no personal connection, felt hearded everywhere, enjoyed being with family but would stay somewhere else next time.
5	Mandalay Bay is my favorite hotel in Las Vegas. I love it because they have my favorite room - the two bedroom X3 suite. I typically have a lot of girls in my group and that means we need more than one bathroom. The X3 has a king bed in one bedroom and two queen beds in another. Each large bedroom has a huge bedroom with two sinks. That's 4 sinks in the joint. This suite accommodates 6 girls very comfortably. Last trip, we had 8 ladies in the group so I booked the GR suite next door and it was a perfect for us to have the entire corner of the floor. I also love the pool area. I prefer a bungalow or a cabana, but the regular areas are great too. I used to live in Las Vegas and have a lot of friends that still live there. Mandalay Bay is conveniently located at the end of the strip by the airport and Town Square. My friends can easily pick me up without battling the entire length of the strip. I wish they had some nightlife. When is Rum Jungle going to be redone?
5	This casino is very classy. It's a great place for concerts and sporting events. The restaurant selection is amazing such as Stripsteak and Burger Bar. The  concert venues are some of the best in town with House of Blues, The Event Center, and poolside Beach concerts.
3	This 5 Star Review of a 3 Star Resort relates to the 1500 X3 Suite at Mandalay Bay.I recommend the room.  It's a complete drag at 6 AM when you're about as far South on the Strip as you can get and then you have to make the long walk of shame to the very end of the hallway depending on what floor you're on (these suites are the last door down the corridor/dead center), but the room is expansive and really nice if you and two of your former college slobs want to set up camp inside one area.  Security was even nice enough to escort one of the slobs back to the room twice in a 24 hour span as he completely went down the wrong wing and beat the hell out of the door of some poor, unsuspecting hotel guest(s).No penalty or slap on the wrist for his stupidity (I was very concerned as I spoke with them as I opened the door to this 1400 square foot palace), just the look in the eyes of all four security guards pleading for me to hog-tie him.Anywho, two bedrooms.  One has two queen beds.  Both have expansive bathrooms with jet tubs if you're into soaking in suds.  One fridge stocked (which stunk because Andy McDrunky took a 16 ounce bottle of Pierre Lucroix Chablis and drank it...$27).  One fridge unstocked.  A CD stereo in the main quarters (bring an auxiliary cable to connect your ipod and you'll be fine.  I listened to the main theme from 'My Bodyguard' by Dave Grusin a dozen times).I give this 3 out of 5 stars because I found two things inconceivable in this day and age.1)  When you drop X amount of dollars on a room (in this case, X denotes a grand over two nights), you should be able to check in at 2 PM.  I arrived at McCarran at 8:30 AM and even though the city monitors knew that I was going to be sinking their little jewel even further into recession, I waited to check in at a reasonable time.  When the trainee at the registration desk told me the room was ready but unavailable for two hours, I had steam spouting out of my ears.  I nearly went Lee Van Cleef on all of the beige coats, there.I didn't make a scene.  I was calm, cool, collected despite being absolutely lit to the gills...but it's honestly unacceptable to drop that amount of USD on a room and not have it available in the afternoon.2)  Not necessarily directed at the Mandalay Bay, but MGM resorts, in general.  It's flat out RIDICULOUS that their MLife Rewards Program doesn't give you an ounce of credit when you step up to the Sportsbook window, confidence seeping out of your pores and throw down a couple grand in wagers.  Say whah??  Whah happened?You sit your conservative tooshy down at a $5 Blackjack table and give the dealer $50 for chips and they'll take your goofy little Rewards card.  You play like a man at the window, bettin' the Kent State Golden Flashes gettin' 14 @ Rutgers and they won't take it...even if you bet a measly $50, let alone a couple grand.  What the hell is that??I should get the prettiest little Asian Pacific shorty the resort employs to come upstairs and drink some Jorge LaCroix Chablisand listen to a little dave Grusin with me for that kind of coin, but they just won't do it.Don't think I can stay at an MGM Resort again due to these ridiculous policies.
5	Oh how I missed thee. I worked at this casino in 2003-2005 and stepping onto the polished stone, and breathing in the familiar smell filled me with glee!I ventured from the parking garage and was a little sad to see the Rum Jungle is no longer apart of their vast array of restaurants. The water and fur walls were a favorite of mine. I pointed out to my husband the Red Square (were I once was promised a free meal for 2 there from the owner or manager for solving a riddle while employed at red, white and blue. Come to think of it I never even picked up my first and only paycheck either.) I pointed out that Red Square had an ice bar to keep your vodka the perfect ice cold temperature without watering it down with ice. I showed him the shelves for which you could pay to store your beloved vodka in ice cold temps for you to enjoy when you come for your next visit.We walked by Red, White and Blue formerly Bleu Blanc Rouge where I left employment for a management opportunity at another Mandalay Bay restaurant, the Border Grill. (see that review for more insight)Aureole for the reknown Wine Fairies that are harnessed in to retrieve wine from a tower to high for my comfort.China Grill with interesting outhouses for restrooms.Starbucks, the main event and then were off to my favorite the Border Grill for lunch outside while overlooking the lazy river and pool area.My visit there would have been a little more enjoyable if we walked past the casino but the need to press my luck for riches still sends a shiver through me and reminds me why its best I live in another city for my own survival. All in all it was beautiful and well kept as always and where we will stay on our next visit!
2	It is tough to evaluate service when there is none,  We did not stay at the hotel but were walking through the casino on a Sunday afternoon and decided to stop for a drink. We sat down and waited for 15 minutes and were not approached or served. There were people at the bar and tables who had drinks and were being served.  It appeared that the cocktail waitress, who was watching a football game and chatting it up with one of the bartenders was far to busy to actually serve customers. (One other table got up and walked away)  I believe the name of the bar was eye candy.  The chairs were comfortable, the decor nothing special. After a fifteen minute rest we got up and left.  I guess this place is doing so well that it doesn't need to actually sell drinks.
5	Casino review:Is the roses I smell? I swear everytime I come into this hotel it smell so nice and refreshing!! One of my favorite place to eat is in this hotel, Burger bar, super yummy, I always come here when I go to Vegas. It's a must! Set up of casino is nice, tons of machine and tables, cocktail waitress are always walking around to serve you drinks! It's really nice and clean hotel. There was a sign that was given to me when I first stepped into this place, sat down to find a cocktail waitress, sat in front of a Roulette machine, put in a dollar, stupid me bet on black BUT I usually always bet on 29, why? It's my daughter's birthday! Do I even need to explain what happened? Hit 29 black, yay, I won freaking a dollar, verses, 36 to 1! It's a sign! Decided to put 20 bucks into a deal or no deal penny machine, why not, I am down so much already, going home broke, so what the hey, just leave it all in Vegas! Sat down for 10 mintues, hit the briefcase game and some other wild stuff which gave the highest amount of money you could of gotten was 1,000. Needless to say, I didn't really pay attention until I was offered 34,375 pennies, uhm honey, can you take out calculator for me and figure that out...uhm that's 343.75 babe. WHAT! Deal! Made most of what I lost this weekend. Mandalay Bay, you rock! I shall be back!
3	It's a casino. It's pretty huge inside. It's still smoky in some of the hallways of the hotel rooms. I guess it's just vegas, and there isn't much that's special about this. Kind of wish the elevators were laid out a bit differently inside, since the elevator lobby gets really crowded really quickly.
1	I stayed at manadaly bay mid November for a short break just before thanksgiving. When I check them out online they boasted about many restaurants and a beach with several pools. Unfortunately my first room was a connecting room and the people staying next door decided to come home at 7am and argue for 20 minutes, not a great way to wake up my first morning. After I called down to the desk things settled down until about 8:30 when they made up and were rather load while having sex. At this point I hit the buffet and asked the registration desk for a new room. After the clerk laugh about my experience he said they wouldn't have a room until later he took my name and told me he could only hold the room until 2 and he would call me when it was ready. Basically stay on the property or lose the room and we can't tell you when it will be ready. At 2 I went back to the front desk, they couldn't explain why they didn't call but try did have a room. Unfortunately the beach and the beach side casino were closed. They only had one pool open which was full of screaming kids, not for me or as implied on their web site, it just says the beach is open seasonal, since it's 70 out I assume that's good beach season.  As for the restaurants they had 5 of them closed for renovation again not noted on the web site (red square, china buffet, Lilly, red white and blue and another one that escapes me now) also the food court was closed apparently it's only open select days but they don't advertise what days. On my second day here I went to the front desk to ask if I could complain about these items. I was told they don't have a systems or registering complaints until you check out then they will email a guest survey. I pointed out that it defeats the purpose to take my complaint after I am gone but they said that was their system. I'm sure it's a nice hotel when it's in season I just which they would advertise when that season is. The most disappointing was the customer support, they only want feed back after you leave. Guess what by then it's too late, I guess I'll stay somewhere else next time
3	The hotel is very nice though there are a few things mentioning. First I booked the hotel via their site and paid in advance. When I checked in we also had to pay for additional "resort fees". As said in earlier reviews, the beach was closed so after a few complaints, the fees were cancelled from our account. Having that said. The only pool open now is the very small beach club which is crowded with screaming children and all the chairs taken. For the rest the rooms were just fine and we staff was very friendly.
4	Loved it!  we had a strip view room. Super nice. I would stay here again.
3	- Location: it's too far from the rest of the strip; spent a lot on cab fare- Lobby/check-in: line moved slowly, not enough people working (in the morning or evening; hard to ask anyone a question); also, was not offered water like the other patrons+/- Room: good size, nice views, comfortable bed but only doubles, not queens+/- Bathroom: double sinks is nice but small showers, not enough towels, and the toilet is not separate so only one, maybe two people can be there at once+ Casino: pretty, nice dealers, and if you look around there are $10 tables sometimes+ Restaurants: great choices if you don't want to head into the strip central+ Pool: awesome place to layout and catch some zzzs (yay endless river!)
1	The only bad thing about the hotel is the beds. Which when you're primary use of a place is to sleep in it, is kind of bad. The rooms are beautiful, comfortable and well laid out. The shower is roomy, has great pressure and will burn your damn flesh off if you're not careful. There was also a really nice garden style tub that I didn't get the opportunity to use. The beds on the other hand were very spongy and felt like they were going to tip over if you weren't laying directly in the middle. I've honestly never experienced anything like that. Also, they tacked on a $25 fee for some nonsense at the front desk that included internet. I wasn't thrilled with that. Other than that it was an enjoyable stay.Update: Apparently they added several charges to my card that weren't supposed to go through and now getting them to remove them is becoming a hassle. Also the "resort fee" was explained as being $25 per room. What it really is is $25 per room, per day plus 12% tax on top of that. So besides the normal room cost, there is an additional $112 tacked on to the bill. This was the first and last time I will stay at the Mandalay Bay.Update 2: A month later and the erroneous charges have still not been removed. I guess I need to get my bank involved now since Mandalay is running such a shoddy operation.
4	Ahhhh Mandalay Bay! I love this hotel for mainly one reason, the pools are fantastic. I can barely swim (picture a Chihuahua swimming in the Atlantic and you get the idea of how I look in a swimming pool), but I still love swimming here, as the pools are just so much fun. The lazy river made me look like Michael Phelps and the wave machine made all of us mid thirties grown ups regress to a childhood mental state as we desperately tried to catch the wave as it came in every minute or so. Just brilliant. The one downside is that during the winter months the wave machine and lazy river seem to be closed.The rest of the hotel is good and clean, with the staff all very courteous and helpful. Plus it is one of the cheaper options amongst the more up market hotels, so it is a bit of a bargain.I would definitely stay here again (hopefully soon!).
1	So overrated! :(I wanted to like Mandalay Bay, I really did. But I was disappointed with my stay here. Everything from lengthy check-in by a complete space cadet to the dirty bar utensils in our room. The icing on the cake was when they interrupted us mid-vacation, asking if we can come down (stand in another line!) so we could pay the 3 days of resort fees because they 'forgot' to swipe it when we checked in. Ummm, what the hell was she doing with my card all that time?? :/  When we came down to pay it, the guy who helped us was neither apologetic or willing to extend even the smallest courtesy. This is NOT the level of service I expect at such a resort.I come to Vegas monthly, and I will never return to the Mandalay Bay.
4	One of the better hotels I've stayed at in Vegas. I've stayed at both The Hotel and the Spa Suites on their good deals they offer. The Hotel could be a little bigger in space even though they're suites. It's a small living room but a spacious room and restroom. The Spa Suites were to me bigger and nice for the price we paid. The hotel itself is nice with having their own sports betting area and shopping. The ventilation in this hotel is good especially when you don't smell a lot of cigarettes around. Definitely not dirty and clean here in both the rooms and the casino area. Downsides are it being far from the main strip area so taking a taxi can be quite more expensive than other hotels and the swimming area isn't as big and can get crowded during the weekends.
3	If I were rating on customer service this place would have a 1.  The men and women working at the concierge desk were by far the rudest I have ever encountered in my travels.  The woman who checked us in barely spoke English and kept getting frustrated with us because we couldn't understand her.  They refused to help us find a show to see and had no dinner suggestions for us.  They charged my card twice and could not have cared less.  The issue was corrected, but it put a damper on our trip for sure. I'm going with a 3, because aside from the customer service our room was really nice. The location worked out perfect for us.  We could easily walk to Excalibur, New York New York, MGM, and others.  The only transportation we used was a cab to and from the airport.  It also connected to a mall, which was convenient.
4	This is probably one of the better overall hotels I've been to in Vegas. But, it's not for everyone. Dining options, quality of a basic room, pools, entertainment are all in one large location.  You might say the same thing about the MGM, but this has a much more relaxing theme..It's for you if....You plan on spending most of your trip at the resort, not visiting places up and down the strip.It's not for you if...You are adverse to obnoxious conventioneers.
4	Mandalay Bay has topnotch staff, and the facilities were awesome. Mandalay Bay also has a pool area which has salt water and has a lazy river and wave machine.  It was pretty sweet.
1	Long lines to check-in, girl at front desk barely spoke english, $25 "resort fee" plus 12% tax was a joke, added an extra $100+ in resort fees for my 4 night stay. tables were $15 minimum on the weekends, $10 during the week, maybe those prices are normal for this hotel. Beds were hard and horrible, pillows even worse, smallest pillows ever, more like throw pillows. I guess they want you to have an uncomfortable rest so you go back downstairs and lose more money on the tighest machines. I'LL NEVER STAY THERE AGAIN!
4	One of the most extravagant casinos you'll see in Vegas!SWANKY RESTAURANTS* Aureole (Charlie Palmer) - amazing 4-story wine tower!* Fleur (Hubert Keller)* Burger Bar (Hubert Keller)* Border Grill (Mary Sue Milliken & Susan Feniger)* RM Seafood (Rick Moonen)* Charlie Palmer Steak (voted "Best Steakhouse in Vegas")* Lupo (Wolfgang Puck)* Stripsteak (Michael Mina)FEATURES* Shark Reef* Convention Center* Wedding Chapel* Tram is connected to travel to Luxor and ExcaliburAlthough I did not stay at the hotel, it's worth visiting if you're in the area! The place is pretty clean! Unfortunately I did not have time to dine at the swanky restaurants, but I know where to find them when I'm back!
2	It was my Birthday weekend and 15 of us planned a fun trip to Vegas. I was excited to stay at Mandalay, I had stayed there before and it was always really nice. The bad service started before I got to the hotel. I called and was trying to reserve seating at Eye Candy for the first night, no one answers the calls or resoponded to the messages. Then I arrived and my room of a king size bed was not available. They said they would call us and  let us know if their was a king size bed available the next day, since the next day was a Sunday I thought for sure since most people go home on Sundays. Well we didn't leave until Tuesday, and never a call. We left a message again for Eye Candy and a message to attempt to get dinner reservations for China Grill no one answered the calls or returned any messages. We ate somewhere else, and just showed up to Eye Candy making the best of it. Noticed there were several tables reserved and unused and they made it a point to not even let you set a drink down on those tables.When I got back to the room that night a man passed out and vomited on the carpet infront of our room, the smell was horrible all weekend. On Tuesday when we checked out we saw the carpet being cleaned. Wow 3 days to get that done!Oh on Sunday night we attempted to go to dinner at the steak place there, the host never looking up from the computer told us it would be a two hour wait...well if someone would call back or answer the phones maybe I would've made a reservation. The employees seemed to be all be having a bad day.I will never go back, there are way to many hotels in Vegas to have to endure this kind of treatment.
2	The Casino layout was nice, but unwelcoming. Basically half of the advertised games they claimed to have they in fact did not have so it was a wasted trip for me. Many of the tables also seemed to be closed during peak period.
4	As far as I know, every room is a suite with floor-to-ceiling windows and a comfy bed. The bathrooms have a deep tub, separate shower, two sinks, and tv. Yes, you can take a long hot bath (to lessen your hangover and sore muscles) and watch shows on murderous millionaires at the same time. The House of Blues downstairs has a great breakfast -- and if you return the next day with your receipt, you get half off. Anywhere you can save money in this town is a bonus.Head to the Foundation Room at the very top of the hotel for drinks and an unparalleled view of the Stip. They have heat lamps, too!
3	Fairly expensive joint
3	It was not the hotel that I expected.You can hear noise from next door. It was so loud when next door open andclose the door.There is no amenities other than shampoo and conditioner.
3	I don't think this is the best hotel on the strip. Rooms are ok. I think I would still stay at the Venetian and Wynn in the future.  Service wasn't great.   Room doesn't feel as clean and linens are showing much wear.
3	The Mandalay Bay is just too suspiciously close to the Excalibur to be of any value to me.  OK, just kidding.  This is worth walking to if on the strip, but not centrally located enough for me to enjoy.  I would rather be about midpoint on the strip so I can head North and South to whatever sights I want to see during my vacations here.
2	Dirty room, broken shower drain, thin walls...nope this hotel isn't getting a rave review today.My germaphobe friend brought his antibacterial wipes and started wiping down the hotspots - phone, knobs, remote, etc.  Filthy!  Continued with the countertops in the bathroom and showed us the brown wipe that spared us an unfortunate staph infection.After one shower, the unfortunate guy was ankle deep in his own filthy mess.  It didn't drain until the next morning.Pity the fools who have to be next door to noisy kids doing bong hits all night - well, that was us.  Yelling, screaming, cussing, running up and down the halls... security paid them a visit.  I slept through most of it, but it kept my friends awake.Parking structure is a cluster-F.  Only one entrance and exit? come on.
5	It is a pleasure to write an update for a property that is so improved; to be honest, I wasn't expecting great things but these guys really upped their game. I need to personally thank Brittany for her help, she optimises great customer service. Also, I need to give a mention to Jake who made sure everything with our stay was good.Once again, I will break down the property into the major pros and consPROSExcellent ventilation in the main casino floor means people from California can breathe, quite frankly I cannot understand how people spend any time in some of the other Casinos.Shops were again excellent, I spent more than I needed to all over the place, I didn't have time to visit Minus 5 this time but I can recommend it.I enjoyed the pool area for the first time, I went to one of the quieter pools slightly off the beaten track but I prefer to have less people around me, I did walk through the main pool and it looked like fun although a little busy for my taste. Service was fast and efficient and drinks were reasonably priced.Brittany is quite simply excellent at customer service, if I was in the industry I would steal her away in a heartbeat.In room internet was excellent, I spent most of one day working from the hotel and enjoyed the speed.Room excellent Food service in the property restaurants was above average as was the quality - price comparable to other propertiesCONSI had to think hard on this one, the only bad point I saw was that the 'adult' pool charges males a cover - I guess this is due to some of the Puritan values that came down from the Mayflower and because they can. I didn't bother going in, I am sure that there is nothing I haven't seen before and most of it won't be as nice. I am guessing that the bachelor party set would be fine with it though. It may be my European upbringing but I cannot really see paying to be in a topless area. This appears to be a uniquely American phenomenon
3	First time staying at Mandalay Bay for our Vegas trip. Needless to say, it was okay, but I have definitely experienced better and worse. The parking lot is extremely far from the elevators to the hotel rooms. You have to walk pretty far, and if you're lugging all your suitcases ... well you are going to have to lug it for a long time. Our hotel room was pretty nice with a great view of all the pools and the Lazy River that was not open because it was winter. Two queen sized beds, a table with chairs in the corner, a small couch that looks like it should fold out in an L shaped, but was just a small block, a TV in the room as well as in the bathroom, and a big bath and shower. Gripes/complaints about the hotel room: the mini fridge is completely stocked with alcohol and soda and there is a sign that says if you even take out one alcohol bottle, you will immediately be charged. Good thing I saw that as I was planning to take out all the small bottles to take pictures of how cute they were! My mom was pretty upset at the fact that we couldn't even use our mini fridge. The toilet is in its own little room with a big heavy door that immediately swings close after you let go of it. There is no vent fan and the door automatically closes, so how could we air out the odors? We found a cup from the gym, crushed it, and used it as a door stop. The toilet also flushes incredibly loud, so when I went to the bathroom at 3 AM, I woke up my parents when I flushed the toilet, haha.The bed is too soft. I never thought I would encounter a bed too soft, but I could not get a good nights sleep the two nights I was there. I usually can fall asleep on any bed, but I could not get myself comfortable in this one. The pillows were way too soft as well. A big fluffy pillow that sunk all the way down to the bed once I laid my head on it? Not good. And I found random hairs stuck to the pillow case! My mom thought the sheets were too rough, but I thought they were decent. Fitness room: Very big and decent sized with lots of cardio machines. They even have somebody there while the center is open (5 AM-8 PM I believe) to fold towels and make sure everybody who enters is a guest of the hotel. Each machine has its own television and these machines are state of the art! Ellipticals, treadmills, bikes, an arm spinning machine, etc. They have a very cold water filling machine as well with plastic cups. Don't forget to take your water bottles to get them refilled! They offer towels and headphones. HOWEVER, you are unable to use the weights as the weights come with the sauna where you must pay $25 a day. That sucks. Pool and jacuzzi: Came on a pretty cold day, so it was incredibly windy and cold. Got some towels and jumped into the pool. It is quite narrow so there isn't much room to swim. I was trying to swim laps in the pool, but once people are in there playing and talking, it is quite impossible unless you continue to go around them for each lap. The jacuzzi is very powerful and can fit a lot of people. It isn't that hot, which is good as I know it isn't good to stay in the jacuzzi for too long. However, it could be warmer, especially during the winter time. The pumps are really powerful. I thought it was disgusting that a lady was eating a hamburger while sitting in the jacuzzi. Bathrooms for the pool are clean. Resort fee: $25 for resort fee is too expensive. I believe they charge the same price or maybe a few dollars more for during the summer time, which is understandable as people tend to use the pool more then. But in the winter when the man made beach is closed, the wave pool is closed AND the lazy river is closed, it really isn't fair to charge the same amount. What if people don't want to use the pool or wi-fi? The wi-fi didn't even work very well. I had to constantly reconnect and usually, the wifi was so slow I just resorted back to using my own phone's data. The location of Mandalay Bay is fair, but it's a little far from all the other hotels on the strip. Good exercise though. Beautiful golden windows that you are immediately greeted with once you are off the freeway. Probably won't be back to this hotel. Need my sleep in Vegas!
5	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Mandalay Bay.  Room was very neat and well kept up.  Mattress and pillows were very comfortable.  Bathroom was huge with two sinks and a large tub and separate shower.   Raffles Cafe had really good food.  Spa visit was calm and relaxing and I had a wonderful facial.  Arriving and departing the hotel is made easy due to the upper level for arrivals and the lower level for departures.  Pleasant check-in process.  My only criticism are the elevators -- doors take about a minute to close and the doors open very slowly.  We will definitely return.
2	Jan 1 we took advantage of the cheap rates to test out this hotel. The room is nice but not anything to write home about.  The bed was comfortable but the pillows were anything but desireable.  My husband had two small ones and I got the huge lumpy pillow.  Next time I will bring my own.  The tub was mediocre with a seperate shower stall.   We enjoy taking hot baths together when we are travelling and this tub was difficult for the two of us to enjoy and relax with some champagne.  I was hoping for the price of these rooms that we'd get a tub with jets !!!  NO SUCH LUCK.  The hotel staff was great, I did like the oatmeal soap as it's not so harsh on the skin, but body lotion is not something offered to guests.  Plenty of towels, although one of ours had some kind of stains on it and that's unacceptable to me in a resort hotel.  Sewing kit and the usual amenities in the bathroom were offered.   At anytime during the day if the people in the next room were using the water, the pipes banged.  This got really old when we were trying to sleep!!!We did eat at the breakfast buffet and weren't too impressed. Sorry, but we won't be staying here again.
5	This is the best hotel in Las Vegas.  Stayed in the great room with 750 square feet with 2 person spa , it was fabulous. Walking to room people in room next to us had kids who were loud , once we got into our room you couldn't hear a thing. The bed was clean and comfortable , bathroom was perfect for 2 people ,the spa tub was a great way to relax and we had a great view of the strip.  The casino itself  is clean , no smell of smoke and their is something for everyone when it comes to dining and music.
5	Mandalay Bay is one of my favorite overall casinos/resorts in Vegas.Not only do they have decent rates on rooms, but the room sizes are nice and there is plenty to do here.  If only it was more central!  Good locals spot for staycations though!They easily have the best pool in Vegas...the only place like it with wave pools, lazy river, and multiple soaking spots in addition to the club pool etc.  As close to Wet and Wild as we have had for years...but that will soon change!They also have some really nice restaurants here, including the best burger in Vegas, Burger Bar.  Seriously the most juicy, perfectly cooked Waygu in town, with Foie Gras, Lobster and etc to add to it.  Build your own, it is awesome.Give it a go!
4	Mandalay is still one of my strip casino favorites.  I've only stayed in their rooms one time about 10 years ago and my room was one of the smaller rooms.  Nice and clean, but thought it was small.  My most recent visit wasn't too bad, wasn't too crazy, and wasn't full of the "Vegas Baby" crowd.  Reasons I like the Mandalay Bay:-The Aquarium:  I don't drive out of my way to go here, but every once in awhile friends and family with kids want to check it out. -Clean casino, spacious, airy, and doesn't smell like smoke.-Good poker games here on the weekends.  Small room, but good games from time to time. -Parking:  If parking and valet is tough, I will choose to park at the aquarium side. -Pool:  One of my favorite pools out here. Pools are large enough, both kid and adult friendly.  -Buffet:  Not much of a buffet person, but still think Mandalay has a decent buffet. Costly, but still good. -Everyone once in awhile I still get comp offers in the mail for rooms, free play, etc.  Couple of Cons:-Events/Concerts:  Expect a busy Mandalay-Slots and Table Games:  I don't play these much, but the limits are not within my budget.  Overall, only give the Mandalay 4 stars because I don't go out of my way to come here.  4 Stars because Mandalay is still one of the cleanest and classy casinos/hotels that you will find out here.  Plus, it's a convenient in and out.  I don't go out of my way to come out here.  But if you see a check in from me, it's almost guaranteed that I am with guest from out of town.
5	Great, spacious room and view. Excellent housekeeping service.Bed could be firmer.Staff could give better directions to walk to Luxor, parking garage, concierge, etc.Check-in takes a bit longer than it should.
3	This hotel on the start of the strip is close to the airport, which is nice and convenient, however to me it's not worth the amount of money they want for their rooms. It's just a standard room and you still have to pay extra to use the gym and other amenities that are included as part of other hotels on the strip. I enjoyed the Shark Reef exhibit although I was hoping it would be a little bigger. The tram that takes you between the Mandalay Bay, Luxor and Excalibur is also nice; saves the pain of walking with heels for the ladies, so I've been told. Overall it's a regular hotel, nothing special with limited amenities. If no other choice I would stay here but definitely would not be my first choice.
2	So, I got this players club thing going and I was comp'd a room. I chose the Mandalay Bay. First sign we picked the wrong time to come to Vegas. Valet line was over a half and hour long. Everytime we used our car, a half an hour. Should've spent the money on taxi's. We got there the day after Christmas and waited over an hour to check in. Not sure why hotels don't have kiosks to check in when you have all your info like at the airports. But, either way. Got to the counter and was told they didn't have adjoning rooms like I had reserved. My children aged 14 and 12 would be on one floor and we would be on another. Humph! I even silliped the kid helping us a few $20's thinking this would help. You know, let him know I was a friend of Ben and perhaps get a nice room. Yeah. No.  Okay. So, another half an hour, forty five minutes and finally rooms are found. They just showed up. They were the handicap rooms so I hope we didn't displace someone who needed the extra space and bars in the shower. The rooms, well, they're rooms alright. Ours wasn't that clean when we checked in. The hallways should've have been a give away. My son quickly reminded me, "Hey mom, what do you expect for $69.00" I agreed he had a point. But, I would've paid more to be moved away from the laundry room where you could smell the scent of hot grey water and laundry soap. Oh, and it's the kick it spot for the housekeepers in the AM. I thought I had set the clock radio to a spainsh channel and I couldn't find the snooze button. Room service...I always say I want to become wealthy and live off room service. But at the Mandaly Bay, I would starve. No matter what time we called or what we ordered the wait was at least an hour and a half. Even to get a pot of coffee. I know, we don't go to Vegas to stay in the room, but I really like to stay some place nice and enjoy being pampered. Just not the feeling I got when I stayed at Mandalay. The smell of cigarettes in the elevator and when you disembark in the lobby is really strong. I was surprised. It kinda reminded me of Circus Circus. I know people smoke in the casino and I expect that. But I haven't been in a large hotel where it is so obvious. I was trying so hard not the be "that guest" that called and complained about everything. I kept telling myself, my room is free, the other room is cheap. Don't complain, just enjoy. And, I had seen a t.v. show about the comments they put in the computer about you when you check in and if you complain. I was afraid I would be scarred for life on the Vegas hotel circut if I made a peep. So I keep my lips sealed. Until now. Thank goodness I can get this off my chest. I just want to say Mandalay clean up your act. Please. Such a fine hotel with a great reputation and such a let down all at the same time. Granted I can't afford  the presidential suite or one of your bigger rooms but I still spend my money in your casino's and resturants. And, I deserve to be accomodated and treated like I did. Right? So I have decided next time we will stay some place else. I've never been let down at the MGM or the Bellagio. I know I will pay more, but sometimes it's worth it. Take care and Viva Las Vegas.
5	This yep is only about the Shark Reef Aquarium at the Mandalay Bay Casino near the Convention Center. The Reef is sponsored by the National Marine Conservation Society. The cost of admittance is $18.00 for adults. Once you walk into the entry door you get your photo taken for later purchase if you like them. The aquarium has a great variety of aquatic sea creatures and plenty of  various types of sharks in a reef setting.  It also has a stingray and horse shoe crab petting pool for the wee ones. I would recommend the aquarium, after all it's refreshing to know that there are other sharks that exist outside the strip in Las Vegas except these are behind a glass enclosure and swim around in circles.
4	Mandalay Bay one of my top hotels to stay at now.  The rooms are decent, one of the few hotels with a tub in every room.  Wasnt much people there so parking and navigating the hotel was a breeze.  Only complaint i have is that the slot machines really suck and the tables were minimum $15 a hand... Too much for me!  Would stay again!
5	So i enjoy the hotel and my room the Front desk agent  was great and the hotel and casino was so good i would most def come back her to enjoy myself... Only issue i had was the odor in the hallway on the 19th floor smelled of Dog Shit and when i told the maid she did nothing about it or even said i will spray to make the smell go away stayed that way for two days.... and i found that some one spilled a beer in the elevator and i told the front desk and  no one cleaned it up elavtor was still sticky after  4 hours after i express this to front desk took pic of beer bottle and showed it and it wasnt picked up... other then that i had a great time!
2	Attention Gamblers!!!   I'm been a customer for 10+ years but things have recently changed.   If you enjoy slots and hope to feel appreciated for your play....... think again. Mlife comes up short.  I would suggest other properties for better returns on your slot play.  The criteria for comps at this property is incredibly high. Also, those Players cards don't always register your play.  Double check it at the slot machine often while playing.   You should see the Mlife numbers increase as you play.  If your name is only thing displayed then you may not be getting credit for your play.  I did enjoy the hotel staff as they have a very polite way of telling me I'm a small fish.   The pool is very nice also.Best of luck!
5	You don't disappoint me at all. Everything here is super nice. Thank you Mandalay Bay for the best 4 nights ever.
4	Staying at the Mandalay Bay is quite nice. Not as much as the sister theHotel (part of the same complex) which is my favourite, but it is nice. Big nice room, nice view of the strip and the airport and a very comfortable settings. The casino is my favourite and I like the restaurant choice here. Even the buffet is nice and has a view on the pool area (which is the best and most extensive in Vegas).
5	Very nice for a conference and enjoyable all around.
4	My family and I got a really good deal for one night (we were hotel hopping at the time). The concierge and staff was friendly and very accommodating to your needs. The room was spacious, comfortable, and very relaxing.One regret during my stay here was not taking advantage of the discount the hotel gave us for a showing of the Lion King. I still need to see that performance someday!
3	Older hotel.  Very nice staff at the front desk.  Ok, restaurant selection.  The self parking walk to the room is way-way too far!  It should be a lot closer. I don't know what was it, but when I stayed here my face started to break out.  My face hasn't broke out like this in years.  Maybe...dirty...or just the detergent they use....  ;)
5	EZ Baccarat game available!I haven't been to Mandalay Bay for a while and I'm glad I decided to visit their casino last weekend.  I've been trying to look for an EZ Baccarat game for a long time since Paris removed it some 2 years ago.  EZ Baccarat is a pretty popular game for Asian Southern Californians and it puzzled me that the websites of Strip hotels seem to suggest that they don't offer this game.  So, I played at the Palace station where they advertise this game.  Then one of the people I was playing with, mentioned that they offer it in Mandalay Bay.  And yes, they do.
4	I stayed here this past weekend! My friends (a total of 6) got 2 rooms and were connected!! I flipping LOVED it! The pillows and mirrors in the hall of our room were the best ever!!!  I didn't really enjoy our view, but thats ok... We were barely there to look out the window!  The room was pretty big and the decor was nice.  I did however didn't like the fact it didn't have a fridge or a microwave, but I guess if we wanted all that we should have gotten a suite! But it was cool... I enjoyed my time there and the casino is cool.  Parking sucked, but it sucked at all the hotels! LOL
4	Hotel is good, clean, and has an inviting atmosphere.  It doesn't smell as bad as the other Hotels.  There was no robes in the room I stayed in, which was disappointing, but room service cleaned up really good after leaving a generous tip on the table with a friendly note.  I had to choose between a 3 and 4, so I decided 4 because of the smell and general atmosphere.  It did not seem as scummy as some hotels I have seen on the strip.  Mandalay Bay "The Hotel", which is an upgrade seemed to have a super clean and modern look  however,  I decided with the bigger room at Mandalay.  I enjoyed the live entertainment and casino tables.
5	One of my favorite Vegas casinos.... I don't know if this is still possible, but when I stayed here with my better half, the 20 dollar trick netted us an upgrade to THE Hotel - which easily earns Mandalay Bay five stars!
1	to check in takes about 45 mins, to get a elevator takes 20 mins, they close the pool at 6 and their are never any seats at the pool.There is no coffee pot with coffee in the room and if you call room service it takes a hour to get. The bathroom had dirty cu-tips on the floor when I checked in and hair in the bath tub by the drain. The buffett is very over pirced though the food is good. The reguar places to eat there you need a bag of money. There is also no security when you go to your room like other hotel in Vegas which ask you to show your key beofre you go into the elevator. There is also a room charge to use the pool and internet. It's just not a good experience. I would say stay away from this place. The JW Marriott in Summerlin is much better hotel.
2	I had a horrible experience with my check-in at Mandalay Bay. Our secretary made reservations for 10 people and I was the only one who was not checked in promptly. Apparently the front desk Attendant had no idea how to process a check in where there had been a pre-payment. I was asked if I could call the person who made the original reservation, which is entirely unreasonable based on the fact we arrived after 7pm Las Vegas time and I had stated to her that I had flown all day from Richmond, VA just to get there. She left me multiple times while the two people I had traveled in with had both been checked in and were waiting for me.It was extremely frustrating that after traveling for 7 hours the front desk personnel was unable to check me in for over 30 minutes.But that's not the end of the saga. I expressed my unhappiness during my check-in via social media and received a follow-up call the next day. Unfortunately I was there for a convention and was booked the entire trip. I expressed this and was asked for an email address to follow up. This all sounds good, right? Except that I never received an email after being asked for my address and only AFTER I expressed my unhappiness was I contacted.The 1st email I received was filled with untrue statements about their attempts to assist and the tone was quite offensive. I received a second email from a different person with an entirely different tone, asking for the details on my experience. Sounds good again, right?After several days of correspondence I was asked for a phone number where I could be reached after 7pm my time. I provided it and confirmed my availability and received no call. This has now happened TWICE where I have adjusted plans to be available for calls that never come.The most unfortunate part is that I was very excited about staying at Mandalay Bay prior to my arrival and had excellent meals while I was there. However, the poor experience I received for my very 1st interaction with the hotel combined with my frustration now with the follow-up I'm not receiving means that I'll be taking my business elsewhere.
2	My first stay here wasn't all bad. The front desk had a computer glitch checking me in and gave me a $40 dining credit to apologize for the wait. That was a very nice gesture that I didn't expect, because I didn't even mind the wait.Negatives included the uncleanliness of my room. There were rings on my nightstand from previous guests' drinks (easily removed). Their were a few hairs on my sheets (could barely type that because of how much it grosses me out). AND, the bathtub had sediment of some kind all over the bottom. (see photo)My breakfast tray was also in the hallway from 7 a.m. to the next morning before anyone picked it up.I politely shared my complaints with the front desk as I was checking out and the employee gave me a list of excuses about GRA (whatever that is) and how next time I should call and get my room inspected. What???
4	A bit far from everything else on the Strip, it is one of the nicer hotels on that end. It was a good first stop to visit. We ate at Citizens for breakfast, which was a great choice. The hotel was nice, but the casino was empty. Considering there was a convention going on in the hotel, we were surprised not to see too many people around. We were able to play at a table with no problem. The shops are nice & connect to the Luxor. There is a tram that takes you to Luxor & Excalibur. My one bad experience was trying to buy motrin at one of the shops near the entrance to the Luxor. The lady took forever to refund someone for an orange juice & then tried to sell me other things, after waiting in line for 10 mins. Other than that experience, I have no complaints about Mandalay.
4	This room is pretty freakin awesome. I stayed on the 33rd floor and let me tell you it had an amazing view to the strip. The decor is very sleek with mirror closets and a colorful sofa not to mention all the other great things this room has to offer like for example a mini bar, work area desk by the window, jacuzzi and two restrooms!!! Well actually 11/2 but c'mon!! This is great! The best part about this room is the bed Oh M G!!  So luscious. And those sheets and comforter my goodness feel so good up against your bare bod lol Overall I highly recommend the Mandalay Bay for your stay here in Las Vegas.
4	This place is huge. We used the outdoor tram to get around to the other 2 casinos " Luxor and Excalibur" because it was blazing hot that day. There is a pretty Dark aquarium in this casino worth checking out. We tried it out and liked it but it was really short. it's kinda themed as you walk your way through it but it;s a nice walk and you do see alot of pretty sea creatures. Check it out.
4	My perspective is that of a business traveler, attending a conference, and a non-gambler. I stayed at THEhotel. So that said...Pros:- Not trying to be Venice (like the Venetian) or Rome (like Caeser's Palace). You're a freaking hotel in the middle of the desert. Don't pretend to be something else that you'll never be.- Rocking good Tuna Nicoise salad from room service.- Nice gym.- Nice suites.- Nice chair, desk for banging out email.- Ethernet cable for reliable connection.- Well-stocked bathroom and closet. (Soaps, shampoo, sewing kit, iron...)- Fairly quiet.Cons:- (Branding geek alert) Capitalizing THE everywhere -- THE hotel, THE wedding chapel -- falls flat and seems contrived. Almost as if their marketing department said, "hey, we want to be cool like the W Hotel, who incorporate the letter "w" into signs and services in clever ways. The W pulls it off since it was pretty clever when it came out. Slapping THE isn't clever, and comes off as lame. - Minibar has Bud Light. Seriously folks, if you're gonna charge me an arm and a leg for an adult beverage, make it something that deserves to be called "beer".- Room service timing is random. When I ordered the aforementioned Tuna Nicoise after a workout, they said, "it'll be 60-75 minutes sir". I reluctantly agreed. Then the guy came 20 minutes later. Thankfully I was out of the shower by then. - The next day, I ordered breakfast, and got the same 60-75 minute estimate. Having a meeting 60 minutes later, I skipped this. Protip: when running a hotel, assume that a certain percentage of your guests actually eat breakfast and order room service, and staff up accordingly.- I got breakfast at THEcafe (those names...) and paid $15 for a "build it yourself" bagel, which I had the pleasure of eating at a dirty table. Oh, and the receipt prompted me to tip them for the privilege. THEannoyance...
4	I was here for a computer conference that was in this hotel, so I stayed here to save on time between all of the meetings and classes I was attending. The rates during my stay are a bit moderate - I personally wouldn't stay here if visiting for play, as I won't use any of the amenities that this place offers. I was checking in around 11am on Sunday - which the line was very busy. The staff was accommodating to provide water to all of the people that were waiting in line for check out or check in. Nice touch. The room itself - I was staying in a Deluxe Room, it's spacious with a "King Size" Bed. The bathroom is lavish with stone flooring, bathtub, TV, dual sinks. I don't understand why anyone wants a TV in the bathroom. I thought the point of being a bathtub is to get away from it all - staring technology is not getting away from it all. The bed is somewhat comfortable - I would have preferred something a bit more firm. The work area is decent, although an adjustable chair would be nice. There is limited artificial lighting in the room, so in the evenings, when writing reports, can become too dark in the room. One complaint - geez - they really need to maintain their HVAC seals or PowerVac their HVAC. The periodic smell of cigarettes was in my room at random intervals - but always tied with the HVAC spinning up.
2	Booked a two bedroom suite for two nights to celebrate a friends birthday. We arrived early on Friday only to be greeted by a rude front desk clerk by the name of Tram who said "It's noon, come back at three for check in." What? Yep. Dismissed. Be gone. Wow. How's that for service? Fast forward to 2:30. We're back at the front desk. Fortunately this time we are greeted by a nice gentleman who promptly checked us in. Our room, 9135, was in need of some maintenance. The carpets had been shampooed beyond their useful life. The furniture was clearly well used. There was horrendous stains on the night stands (see posted pictures). The sheets felt like sand paper. Tiniest toiletries I've seen. Over quite disappointed in the room. The property is aging and, unfortunately, it shows.
4	As a first time visitor to Vegas, there is no better and more luxorious hotel to stay in than this one. It is a gigantic property, one of the largest on the strip and what is good about it, is it on the end of the strip closer to the Vegas sign and off the beaten path away from the craziness. The theme is Asian island tropics and the huge beach/pool in the back is beautiful complete with cabanas and a lazy river. This hotel also has a very large convention and concert area which looked larger than any other casino on the strip. The rooms are very large and tastefully done with spacious bathrooms and comfortable beds. The staff is friendly and accomodating. The only complaint is there are long lines at the registration desk when checking in and the elevator area gets a bit congested at times. The casino itself is open aired and the dealers are friendly. Skip the underwater reef acquarium. You can find better places to go on the strip for $40. The restaurants inside are an eclectic bunch offering breakfast or dinners in a nice setting. I would highly recommend this spot to stay and with a connection to the Luxor next store, you can stroll through the shopping mall and never leave the property. Plus there is a tram to the Excalibur. This property also includes the Four Seasons and the Hotel all under one roof. A great time and very reasonable prices.
5	The best of everything absolute the finest things in life.The penthouse was amazing!!!!
4	The conference we have every year is at the Mandalay Bay. This is actually my first time staying at the Mandalay Bay. i have only been here once since it is at the end of the strip. i remember coming here for the -5 degree ice bar once and for sushi. LOL this hotel is such a huge maze! since i have a bad sense of direction i tend to get lost. the convention center is FAR from the hotel! every day that i was there i had to walk a long walk from and to the convention center. and since there was 3 conferences happening that weekend, the lines to starbucks every morning extended out the door (there's no door...). i seriously did not step out of Mandalay Bay at all. i had everything right in front of me. there was the mini mall if i walk to the other side of the convention center. There was a buffet if i wanted to eat a buffet. mini lounges that everyone goes to right after the conference. my room was alright. i was in there for less than 24 hours. barley stayed in my room. Free Wi-fi is always a plus! the mini bar prices are super ridiculous! tv channels were lame. the room and bathroom was clean which i like a lot. when i requested for an early check out because i didn't know i had the room for an extra day -- they didn't tell me over the phone when i called them that i would like a late check out. so i'm rushing down in the morning to move my stuff downstairs to check out before i head to the conference. and right when i got to the desk -- the guy tells me that i had the room for another night. GREAT! so i had to move my stuff back to my room and run to the conference. SHEESH!great place for conventions and everything is super pricey. a bottle of water is $3 -- then again.. its VEGAS!!
5	Mandalay Bay has gone above and beyond to exceed my expectations.  I received an email from Ms. Tanner in Guest Relations regarding my recent stay.  She expressed her apologies on behalf of the resort, provided a generous partial refund and offered to have me back for a night to make up for my disappointment.  Mind you, I didn't ask for anything, just offered up my opinion based on a recent stay.  This is the type of Outstanding service Mandalay Bay is known for and the reason I will be back for another amazing visit.  Thank you Ms. Tanner and Mandalay Bay!
5	Its a very nice hotel at the south end of the strip. Staffs are friendly. I like staying here because crowd is lesser than the hotels at the north side.
4	Clean, fun and great place to go. HOB Foundation Room is always fun and right next to the elevators which make going to the club/lounge really easy.. This place is always on my list to go to and overall I think a great value for what you get!
1	Mandalay Bay WAS my favorite hotel in Vegas. So much so that I had my wedding reception here. The wedding reception was ultimately amazing and exactly how we wanted it, even despite how our space, which was booked from 3 PM on was somehow still being cleaned and prepared at 7:15 and no one wanted to take responsibility for it... but at the end of the day, it all worked out..But I simply cannot promote a luxury hotel that allows theft to occur without investigation or reimbursement. We had our Swavorski crystal embellished cake cutter set that was engraved with our names and wedding date stolen by 1 of 3 members of their clean up crew. My husband and I were the only 2 people present when they came, and we had just scoured the place for the items we did not want cleaned and organized them with our other personal belongings. I had put the cutter set in its case far away from all other utensils and dishware. It was gone ten minutes later. There is no way these were taken to be cleaned by mistake. Mandalay Bay hires thieves who don't discriminate, not even a newlywed couple was spared.When I reported this to housekeeping, security, and my wedding coordinator, the only thing that was done was to ask the dish washing department to look out for them. We were not offered to be reimbursed for our loss, and when I pursued the idea with them due to sentimental value (we cut our wedding cake with them) it was ignored several times.It disturbs me to think of the wealthier people or celebrities who may also have stayed in the Media Suite and had less noticeable items of value stolen. For spending the amount of money we did for our reception and room, we should have been met with an offer of reimbursement and an apology. Sadly, our item can never truly be replaced... You only get one chance to cut the cake on your wedding.
5	had some hiccups during my stay, but customer service overall was fantastic, they made it right, and of course its the only place to stay if you have kids.  pool is great
4	Stay: March 10, 2013 - March 12, 2013Room Type:  GR SuiteRoom Number:  21134This was my first time staying at Mandalay Bay.  Despite the location, I've always wanted to stay here, and the room price was unbeatable for this trip. The Good:  Staff was courteous, extremely friendly, helpful and accommodating.  While checking in, I requested a strip view room, and received a strip view room; bonus points for Mandalay Bay.  The room appeared to be newly renovated, and was very comfortable. More bonus points.The Inconvenience:  Was supposed to receive a $40 buffet credit at check-in.  Issue was promptly resolved the following morning after 5 minutes at the front desk.Overall, I have nothing terrible to write about the Mandalay Bay.  I'm not certain I would stay here again, mostly because of the location. However, the tram that runs to the Excalibur saves time when venturing out on the strip by foot.
4	After a bad first experience here in February, I'm pleased to report that try #2 in March was much better! The staff heard my complaints and really stepped up on my next visit to deliver what I hope is their normal standards. The room was clean, the staff was friendly, and it didn't hurt that my view was a little better than last time. :) I'll never be a fan of smelling smoke when I have to walk through the casinos, but that's just Las Vegas I suppose. Thanks, Mandalay Bay!
5	I have stayed here twice. I loved it both times. The beach is one of a kind and amazing, it gets pretty packed so trying to find a seat can be hard. The service was great, at check in the man was very nice and told us what was going on in town that week. The room service is eh, but the room was very nice and really clean, I on the 23rd floor with an amazing view of the strip. I will be staying here again this summer!
1	Ya.  Canned corporate response.  Way to go Mandalay!  Way to address my statements with a non-statement.  I won't be back.  But thanks for the heartfelt and sincere apology.  It means a lot.  Corporate robot...
1	DO NOT RENT FROM AVIS AT MANDALAY. The front desk was rude and they make you clean THEIR CAR since they have no cleaning facility on site. We were told that their $35 to $75 "cleaning fee" was assessed on MOST OF THEIR CUSTOMERS upon return. I could not get ANY answer as to what constituted "too much" dirt. Evidently ANY dirt inside or out results in a fee. It's completely up to them to decide if you get the fee. This is ridiculous! It's just a scam to get more money on top of the extra they charge for the "Convenience" of renting at the hotel. Then to top it off, the car we got was dirty on the outside with FOOD spread around the inside. To avoid the "FEE" we cleaned the car. What a great SCAM- rent dirty cars then charge people if they don't clean them up!We had the rudest bartender at the Beach Grill. He actually insulted my Fiance because she tried to get his attention from the girls he was flirting with. A total a***ole.
4	This place is a paradise... in the middle of the desert! I came on a comp. night but stayed an additional night. There is a resort fee of $25. Resorts fees sucks but take advantage of it since you're already paying for it. (Even the Caesars Entertainment hotels are charging fees now). Where is the petition that I need to sign against this?!So I was able to check in early at no extra cost, around 1:45pm. The front desk rep. was just great. Since it was my first time staying there, she took the time to walk me through the map she gave me.Warning: I chose the partial Strip view room on a high floor... and it was okay. Depending on where the room is, I saw mostly the airport and a little bit of the MGM hotel and Luxor's sign.The room was nice and clean. In-room service was good. But if you want breakfast in the morning, call ahead and place an order the night before or call an hour before when you plan to have your breakfast. Be prepare to wait 45 min - 1 hour wait, and it was a Sun/Mon mornings. I can only imagine a busy weekend.The standard rooms were nice but the wave pool was the best! The lazy pool is nice to relax in with a tube (~$20).I'm def. coming back for Light, the new nightclub and ONE, Cirque's new MJ show.
1	What a horrible experience! Never ever will I stay at Mandalay Bay ever! My family and I spent after Xmas holiday at this hotel, when we got to our room. It smelled like vomit! So gross! We went back to the lobby and complained about it, they told us there was no other room available.. We got tired of pushing we need another room and getting the same answer and since we were very tired from a long drive, we were forced to sleep in a room that smells like VOMIT! Did not even offer to send a cleaning crew/housekeeper or whatever to spray the room, Not even an offer to upgrade the room or a buffet voucher, nothing! We paid over a $100 in a supposedly luxury hotel expecting a luxury service to sleep in a room smelling like VOMIT! What a Horrible experience. Oh by the way, we're going bck to vegas for a 7 day vacation, but not in Mandalay Bay! Never ever again.
4	Unfortunately I did not get to stay in this hotel, but I did explore it, and I even attended a show (I think it was Mama Mia!). I loved the Southeast Asian theme they had. Mama Mia! was very good too, although it was a little too loud for my poor grandmother. I also really liked the gold colored windows.
4	Mandalay Bay thus far is the only hotel to leave a lasting very pleased impression on me!! I stayed at Mandalay Bay Resort during spring break weekend of 2013 and I had the best time of my life! I had a strip view room and although the hotel is located at the end of the strip where there is hardly any foot action, it looks lovely at night! I was able to see a great view of the other hotels south of the strip and it is conveniently located next door to the Luxor Hotel where my girls and I like to party at Club LAX. The rooms are very spacious and Chic, with a ceiling to floor length mirror located in the hallway near the door to take as many selfie pics as you like :-D, double French style bifold closets which was sooo awesome being that my Bestie and I had our OWN space to hang our weekend fits, a flat screen TV, a dresser with plenty of drawers, a jacuzzi style tub and see through/transparent shower, double sinks with a private sized flat screen hovering; all of which made us feel like we were at home away from home. NOW! The Mandalay Beach!! Wowzerz! Just awesome!! I really felt as though I was on a beach lounging. The way it's designed is adult and kid accommodating. I really loved how lively it was, music playing in the back ground, a mixed crowed, and pure relaxation. I didn't hang around the Casino much except passing through to get to Valet for our nights out but from what I experienced during my walks through, the Casino is very lively and BIG. My only complaints about my Mandalay Bay Stay, are; The freaking resort fees! ($25 per night), the noisey a$$ house cleaning employees...while they are cleaning surrounding rooms make sure your wide AWAKE other wise you will be woken out of a peaceful I stayed up HELLA late the night before rest! You could hear every word they say, every toilet seat they slam down and damn near every bed they tuck in! Sheesh! Other than those two issues...everything else about Mandalay Bay was nothing but goodie!! I will most definitely stay here again with out a doubt!
3	I have stayed at Mandalay Bay several times in the past and have had great experiences, but it does seem like the level of quality and service have slipped since my last visit. It took nearly an hour to check in, and when we got to the room, It had not been cleaned since the last guest vacated. We called the front desk, who said house keeping would be up "right away" to clean the room. We left the room for 2 hours, returning to find that the maid had just started. And it would be another 30 minutes. I called the front desk to request a clean room, which the processed quickly and over the phone. The new room had been serviced, but attention to detail was lacking. There were quite a few long black hairs in the shower and restroom areas (my wife is blonde, and I shave my head, so I know they weren't ours!). The furniture is beginning to show lots of wear as well. We were expecting much more, based on prior trips.
5	Love it here. Friends wedding, great room and pool - what more can you expect. The breakfast buffet was fantastic - I think I ate my weight in eggs benny and shrimp! They had a great variety and it was a blast.
4	Like Goldy Lox, for me this place it just right.  The price is right, the service is right, and the offering of things to do and places to eat are just right.
4	5 stars if you want to relax2 stars if you want to party. lol.so 3.5 stars but the Mandalay Beach saves this and makes it a 4If you want to party on the strip, this hotel is not for you. It's on the edge of the strip and walking anywhere is a pain. There are no clubs in this hotel, just lounges. We drove everywhere.At first I was bummed to hear we got Mandalay Bay as our hotel through Priceline. I was in Vegas to party for my birthday. But booking last minute on St. Patrick's Day weekend, this place was a Godsend for the cheap price we paid $90 a night + that stupid $25 resort fee.LOCATIONPROS+++-At the south end of the strip so easy to get to from the freeway and onto the freeway.-If you are going anywhere on the strip, there is a back road you can take after exiting the parking structure. I think it's called Frank Sinatra road? It runs along the strip and you never have to sit through traffic. That made me super happy!-Parking is super easy. TIP! The higher up you go, the more parking spots and you can be close to the elevator. Also you can enter to park from that back road and park on the first floor if you make a right immediately once you enter. It's easy to miss that little pocket of parking spots.CONS+++-At the south end of the strip so you'd better take a taxi or have a DD. It will be a pain to walk and the tram doesn't run that late.-taxi line is a clusterf*** but that's expected at any vegas hotelROOMPRO+++-Bathroom was amazing with his and her sinks and a stone shower. The bathtub was huge. I could've lived in the bathroom lol.-The room was clean.-bed was sooo comfortableCONS+++-kind of dated-we stayed on the 16th floor with a lovely view of the airport :/ lolRESORTPRO+++-BEACH was awesome! Never had a hard time finding a spot to tan and the Pina Colada was one of the best I've ever had. It was RELAXING. Not somewhere you go to meet someone hot. I was a happy camper relaxing on the sand and enjoying the sun and breeze.-Older crowd and definitely more family oriented. I enjoyed it and had a nice vacation. I didn't appreciate this until I went over to MGM grand and felt eye violated by everyone-friendly staffCON -NO LATE NIGHT FOOD OPTIONS! BIG CON. And Raffle Cafe is gross blegh. Thank goodness this place has easy parking and is easy to get in and out of so late night munchies were easy to fix-$25 resort fee-Not a party resort and not the best looking crowd (con for some lol)I definitely enjoyed the resort to RELAX. But to party? You're better off staying at Wynn or closer on the Strip.
2	Room: 1 starDining options: 2 1/2Beach: 4 1/2WiFi/amenities: 0   I tagged along with my boyfriend to Microsoft Management  Summit the week of April 8th.  My stay there was so disappointing I paid extra to get an earlier flight back to Seattle.  The most baffling aspect was the WiFi.  Or lack thereof. Like Indigo mentioned, WiFi there was a joke. They kept losing connectivity entirely.  During an IT conference no less!  Half the time I didn't even have 4G reception for my phone.  When there was connectivity, it was REALLY slow.  You get all of 512mbs included in the resort fee.  If you want to upgrade to 1, it's $14/day.   The room was dated and lame.  We had an awesome view of the airport complete with all of the accompanying air traffic noises.  Beds were meh.  Bathroom was weird.  The toilet itself was located in a tiny room with a door that is always shut and has no fan or ventilation.  Actually no fan in the entire bathroom.  The shower had good pressure but made an awful high pitched noise.  No robes. If  you want a fridge to store personal items,  it's $35/day.  Otherwise, they charge $50 if you use the one already there.  There was no menu with prices for mini fridge items or the water/candy sitting on the dresser.  No prices on the spa menu (you have to call the concierge with a specific request).  The air conditioner made a loud squeaking noise.  The windows were filthy with hand (maybe butt?) prints.  The TV was ridiculous.  Crappy picture and fewer channel options than a motel 6.    If your'e on any kind of a budget, I would suggest hitting a grocery store before you get to the hotel.  The dining options are all ridiculously over-priced.  Though, in all fairness, that's the case with every place on the Strip.   The only overall positive aspect of my stay there was the beach.  The wave pool is great and there are ample chairs.  Beach cafe is reasonably priced in comparison to those in the hotel.  A few cons:  space is really tight between chairs.  6pm seems rather early to close the beach/pools.  There are only 2 small hot tubs that are filled with children.  It would be nice if there were an adults only area besides the "toptional" Moorea Beach Club.  A few pros:  Not smokyFriendly staffThey let me park my rental motorcycle at the Valet area for freeShark reef aquarium was cool and totally worth the $18 P.S.   I stayed at the Aria last year and it was fantastic
1	Came here for a two night stay.  We've been here several times before and enjoyed our stay except this time we noticed the rooms needing remodeling.    The bed was not comfortable.  Don't like the $25 resort fee.  That's ridiculous since their rates are already pricey.  With all the new hotels and choices, we're gonna research next time for something that we can say " it was a beautiful fun room and worth the price." Also our hotel bill had discrepancies and still haven't heard back from them about a credit.
4	I loved the view of the strip and fell in love with the spacious bathroom and Tub  The wave pool and the lazy pool are awesome.  Staff was nice in all areas. $25 resort fee. Meh :/
2	I've rarely encountered a hotel I wouldn't stay at again and wouldn't recommend to others. Until I stayed at Mandalay. Several in my large group, myself included, had to ask to be moved due to cleaning issues in their rooms. Which was crazy considering the rooms were gorgeously designed and appointed: plush, spacious bedrooms; roomy bathrooms with both a bath and shower, not to mention a double-sink plus a door to the toilet. The rooms could have been shared comfortably and partied in pragmatically, no doubt. While I will give management credit for satisfactorily resolving our issues, the fact we encountered them at all for the rate we were paying was ridiculous. Then there were the amenities. The gym was small for the rate and the pool opened way late in the morning and closed too early at night. I know they want to keep patrons gambling at all hours, but I know (from the line of 50 people at opening time) that I'm not the only one who'd rather drop my cash on cocktails poolside and I didn't like the feeling I was being controlled. Did I mention the fake beach and plethora of kids? Then, after my stay, I discovered they billed me for both my room and a colleague's by mistake. And there was nothing to do in walking distance. Which makes this one I'll bypass next time around.
1	Let me first start off by saying this hotels service is HORRIBLE!!!!!! I have never experienced nothing like it. I traveled to Las Vegas from San Diego for my 22nd Birthday. I had friends travel with me and some friends and family meeting us there. I spent 700$ for my room for the weekend and also booked a cabana for one of the 3 days I was visiting. my cabana totaled to be about 500$. With that being said we clearly planned on spending the day at the pool. I received a confirmation for my cabana via email for Sat March 16th charges have been made and I thought I was all set to go. I get to the cabana reservation around 12pm on Saturday and for some reason my name is not on the list. The people working at cabana reservations all had a blank look on their face as if they had no idea what happened and why my name was not on their list. They said they could not do anything for me and asked me to see concierge. I waited in line to speak to someone at concierge for about 30 mins, by this time its 2:30pm in the afternoon and my relaxing day at the cabana with my friends and family went completely downhill. No one could give me answers as to why my name is not on the list however its stated on my bank statement "Mandalay Bay Cabana" -500$. They researched it and eventually found out that some how my reservation was made for the previous Monday in which I was not in town and MY CONFIRMATION CLEARLY SAYS SATURDAY MARCH 16TH 2013!!!!!!!!!!!!! The only thing they were going to comp me was the cabana for Sunday and some food and beverage comp. This is not how we planned our trip on our 3 day stay in Vegas. I had everything organized so I did not want to cancel my plans on Sunday to go to the pool when those were my Saturday plans. Since then I have spoke to a few wise people who visit Vegas quite a bit and they told me that if I don't go to the pool first thing in the morning to "hold" my already paid for reservation, then they will give it to some "high roller" that just walks up and asks to purchase a cabana. why? because they probably bump the price up and sell it right on the spot!They also charge for every little thing! I called room service to bring up some extra glasses and a knife to cut some limes for cocktails and they charged me 1$ for each utensil. I was extremely pissed off at how my trip ended up going. I do not recommend  anyone to stay at the mandalay. Their service sucks and they don't give a shit about their guests. Yes I do agree with most reviewers that this hotel/casino is gorgeous but If you want A+ service for the amount of money you spend then do not come here.
3	Meh, meh. Meh.  I stayed at Mandalay Bay for a conference and wasn't particularly impressed just with the plethora of other places close by.  Don't get me wrong, it's definitely still a nice place and much nicer than many other places, but I'm more of a budget traveler and looking for a good bang for my buck and my biggest gripes for Mandalay were the lack of more reasonably priced restaurants, no $5 tables anywhere even during off times during the day and how confusing the conference space was.  I asked for directions several times and kept getting pointed the wrong way.  I also made my way all the way to excalibur to get to play some $5 tables.To be fair, because I was there for work, didn't get to check out the pool which is supposed to be great, so maybe next time I'm in Vegas, I'll give it another whirl.  But given that I've also stayed at Planet Hollywood, Mirage and Venetian on prior stays, this wasn't my top pick.
3	I visited Mandalay Bay on a business trip with my husband in February.  The resort area was closed for the season, so I can't review that portion.  I'll just say meh.  It was okay.  I wasn't really impressed.  I was comfortable during the week I was in Vegas. There were a few pretty good restaurants.  I would very likely stay elsewhere in the future.
3	Stayed here several times over the years, due to it's location on the strip I only stay here when there is a conference in the hotel, since all of the other hotels in the immediate area suck. The rooms are decent, they have been refreshed not too long ago. There is a good selection of bars, the restaurants here are generally lacking in quality. Rooms get a 4Venue gets a 2.5 or 3
4	We are  loyal fans of Mandalay Bay.  We always grab the next promo they have.  But these days, we got turn off by these "resort fees".  When they send promos, the price is on the lower end but if you add the daily resort fees and taxes, they really add up especially these days when money is tight.  We love Mandala Bay  but if we think about the expenses on the hotel, we always decide to do a staycation instead.  Hope they remove the  Resort Fess , or at least lower it.
4	We stayed here for four nights for the Interop conference in May.  When checking in, I tried to hand her my license and credit card with a hundred dollar bill underneath, but she refused to take it.  I told her, "if you take care of us, we'll take care of you", but she replied, "If I provide you with excellent service, you can thank me afterwards".  I was surprised, but maybe that doesn't fly at Vegas hotels?We arrived near midnight, and unfortunately, were told there were no king rooms left, so we had to take a room with two double beds.  The room was clean and spacious. The bathroom was very large. It had a desk to work at.The rooms are fine.  They're clean enough for picky hotel folks.  The housekeeping did great - I left a $10 bill every day and it seemed to do the trick, as the room was in great shape every afternoon when we returned to it.I've stayed here quite a few times over the last 15 years, and I've never been disappointed.  What you see is what you get: a medium tier casino resort hotel on the Vegas strip with rooms as you'd expect - not too beautiful, but good enough.
2	Very disappointed. We usually stay at the Luxor but decided to splurge, not worth it. The TV in the bathroom wasn't working which made for a boring bath. The wi-fi access comes and goes every 5 minutes. We had a view facing the strip but all you can really see is the airport. The bathtub is barely able to fit one small woman and the grout in the shower was peeling. I didn't complain because I didn't want to waste my time waiting for anything to get fixed. Walls are super thin and the pipes knock all the time. The staff is great but we will not b staying here again. Too bad.
4	Mandalay Bay is one of my top favorite hotels on the strip. It is close to the airport, which is great when I have visitors, it has probably the easiest access on the strip. The rooms are great and you can usually get great deals online. They always have great concerts going on and in the summer they have concerts out at the pool which is like a beach. They have stuff for the kiddos to do like the Shark Reef. The restaurants are straight up awesome! My favorite restaurant at Mandalay Bay is Red Square. I love all of the Vodka and just the Russian feel. The service in this hotel is always on point. Everyone is helpful and it is also very easy to get around. it is a big hotel but you do not feel like you are lost in space.Oh and it smells nice in there. It does not smell of old nasty smokes, even though it is an old casino for Vegas standards.
3	I absolutely love the pool at Mandalay Bay; it is the main thing that keeps me coming back. The last time I stayed here I stayed in the extra bedroom suite with two king sized beds in two separate rooms. It was perfect for our party and we had no complaints. We stayed away from the restaurants and ordered room service each night which was pretty standard but still good. The staff was helpful and kind to us and we thoroughly enjoyed our time here although we tended to gravitate towards the other hotels on the strip for most of our stay.
5	The rooms are great and you can usually get great deals online. They always have great concerts going on and in the summer they have concerts out at the pool which is like a beach. They have stuff for the kiddos to do like the Shark Reef.
5	It's pretty simple, when we go to Las Vegas we stay at the Mandalay Bay. Although it's not in the center of the strip it has everything you're looking for, beautiful rooms, good places to eat and the best pool/lazy river/wave pool in town. A couple recommendations on places to eat when you come are as follows. Burger Bar, amazing food and a great atmosphere. Charlie Palmers Steakhouse which is technically at the Four Seasons but it's right downstairs. And lastly Trattoria Del Lupo from Wolfgang Puck. 7th time in Vegas, 7th time at the Mandalay
2	Decided to stray from my usual Vegas hotel (Wynn/Encore) to check this place out because of Light night and day club.  I will not stay here again.  There was a miscommunication with buffet credit.  They decided not to reimburse me.  Maybe they didn't have to.  But better hotels would have.  So I don't have to stay here again either.  Over the long term, was it worthwhile for them to save the $ versus me coming back for repeated Vegas stays?  I'd say no.  Another incident: their restaurant Citizen overcharged my meal.
1	Visited MB over the Memorial day weekend... Not so great experience... they are so hungry for $$They will try to milk you for every penny.  The Wave pool is great but they were charging $75 for Umbrella and $100 for two beach chairs!! We requested for a Microwave, which I thought was complementary, but when we got the bill, they charged $35 per day!  They also charged for a bottle of Fiji water ($8) & cookie($10) which we never ate in the room!Never again ugh..
4	Solid choice when coming to Vegas.I've stayed at the Mandalay Bay a couple of times. The place is HUGE but you get to know it after a couple hours. Rooms are always nice and clean. Lots of choices for restaurants (although a bit pricey). They should install a conveyor belt / people mover (like the ones at the airport) when going between the casino and convention center as it is quite a far walk. Tables are expensive, blackjack was $25 to $50 per hand depending on when you went to play.
2	Service: 1/5Responsiveness: 1/5Rooms: 4/5Restaurants: 5/5 (but pricey)So the rooms are actually quite nice, and can be quite relaxing - unless you're staying with a bunch of guys for a bachelor party like I did this weekend. However I stayed before alone (for a conference) and it was really nice.I had some issues with the front desk both times - it seems like they hire people who are untrained, unexperienced in customer service, and I'm assuming low paid.I complained about this and the hotel was extremely slow to respond. The first time this past January, they basically said they were sorry and that was the end of it. So when I went this time I asked if they'd make amends another way. I asked them the Friday I came out - they didn't get me a full response until the coming Tuesday, so I missed out on any opportunity to capitalize on their offer while there.They offered me a discount on a future stay, I had requested passes for one of their clubs as amends. I think that's a half assed response, personally. I don't care for a 10% discount or whatever the discount is, give me something of value. Club comps are not a huge deal in my opinion. The restaurants are good though, good options. The pool is also great. But I have to say, it seems like NO ONE is happy to work in Vegas, it seems like no one likes being there. I have this theory that Vegas is an incredibly unhappy place, and I think it's probably true due to the absurdly shallow nature of the place. Also the fact that everyone's on the hustle. Vegas is sort of like a human circus in my opinion.But Mandalay Bay is a bit of a respite from that, it's got some luxury, and it's relatively quiet. I stopped by the pool party this past Friday for it's debut and it's pretty solid.I'd give the hotel 4 stars if it weren't for the terrible service. It's a shame because it's quite nice, the restaurants, the pool, all that.  But the people really matter and this is something Vegas just doesn't get right, and I think it has to do with the fact the Vegas is rotten at it's core. But don't get me wrong, I love the pool parties...
2	The best thing about Mandalay Bay is the tram that connects to the walking bridge to get to NYNY, Tropicana, and MGM Grand (and the train that connects that to the rest of the strip.) Mandalay Bay was a big deal BACK IN THE DAY, and you can tell. It's one of those giaganto resorts that were popular in the 90s. It's way too big! Getting lost each morning is pretty much de rigueur around there. Checking in while in the beginning stages of a newly-acquired Plane Cold, all I wanted was a bed. Which I got. Just a bed. No comforter. No blankets. Not sure where they were. The sheets were dirty, like housekeeping just remade the bed after the last person checked out. When I called to ask for new sheets and a BLANKET they did not understand what I was asking for. They finally sent someone up with a threadbare fleece blanket and I got to practice my lackluster Spanish (nuevo...sheets -insert lots of gestures here-... por favor?) and I still have no idea if I ever got new sheets. I just got to the point where I didn't care. Sickness meant a lot of hanging out in the room. So, the view was phenomenal (of the beach and pool area) and the bathroom was neat (toilet in its own little room and two sinks!) but there was a minibar. I HATE minibars. Does anyone even use them anymore? Remove the minibar and just leave me an empty fridge to use. Also- When did hotels stop having in-room coffee makers? I can't manage a trip down in the elevator to get coffee UNTIL I've had my coffee. ugh.I did order room service, which was the highlight of the trip. The woman on the phone figured out I was sick (hacking and coughing is a dead giveaway) and immediately added all kinds of stuff to my order, which SHE DID NOT CHARGE ME FOR. I nearly cried. Hot water, lemons, saltines, honey, salty chips, tea.... It was so nice. So she earned a star on her own just for taking care of me. The rest of the property was just so so. I like the places farther up the strip better.
1	Really poor service. The Fuji water at the bar in the room was expire since February . The jacuzzi had hair and had stains. I call the front desk and it took them more than 2 hours to go take a look, by that time I was so mad and had already taken a shower. The bed sheets were old and worn ,including the mattress pad. And the mattress had Stains and Look really old. For sure I will never stay at this hotel and would not recommend anyone to stay here.
3	Wow, they actually care about their guests.  Because of the yelp review, they contacted me and straightened out the whole buffet credit issue.  Cool!  I'm pretty happy with the experience now, haha.  After that, I really have nothing bad to say about them.  I'd keep them as an option the next time I'm going to Light (which, by the way, is an amazing club: both the nightclub and the day pool party).
4	What I liked:-BIG room with nice decor-Ice Machine-Bathroom-separate toilet, good shower pressure, big tub, double sink, TV-View- I got a great view of the airport (which i really loved. got to watch planes take off and land all night), Mountains, and a bit of the strip. -Pool/Beach- awesome! Wave pool, lazy river, jacuzzi, two other pools, SAND-exceptionally friendly staff-Shark tank!! was awesome-conveyer belt/moving walkway thing to the luxorWhat made me sad-Dirty bathroom :( - The toilet area had a giant ball of hair on the floor for two days! and sand the first day. How could anyone miss that wad of hair twice?? yuckAnd there was hair in the tub :(  i really wanted to take a bath though so I went in with swimsuit bottoms because it felt too dirty to sit butt naked. But at least they cleaned it better the last day...-Sheets and blanket- really scratchy and uncomfortable Overall,  I really enjoyed my stay. :)
5	Great resort and great pools. They treat their VIPS right!
3	I recently stayed here for 8 long days.  All work and no play.  First off, the rooms are decent.  It's clean and the bathrooms are large, just like most places in Vegas.However, my biggest complaint??  The toiletries SUCK!  The lotion is just so chalky and combined with the dry Vegas weather makes for lizard-like skin.  So please remember to bring your own lotion.  I wasn't too impressed with the shampoo and conditioner too.Also, the bathroom door was so squeaky, you would think that the maids would have it fixed.One night my room wasn't cleaned.  They did offer me a $50 food credit so I guess that made up for it.  I found out someone else's room wasn't cleaned either.The pool looked awesome so it's too bad I didn't get to enjoy it.  Hopefully I can go back soon just for some fun.
4	Mandalay Bay is a very nice property, but it's poor location at the far south of the strip prohibits me from giving it five stars. Staying here basically insures that you will not visit other properties other than maybe Luxor if you want access to the food court. The good news is that, this really isn't a bad property to get stuck in. The pool complex is the best on the strip, with a lazy river, sandy beach, and wave pool. Note that you can bring your own rubber tubes for the lazy river and avoid paying $24 to buy one of theirs. Mandalay  Bay is now also home to a new nightclub - Light. It's a cool concept blending Cirque du Soleil performers with your typical EDM club. There's also a tram that takes you to Luxor and Excalibur if you want to venture to the north. The rooms at the property are very spacious. Bathrooms include a separate shower and tub, a small lcd tv, and a water closet. Tip: One reason I would choose to stay at the regular Mandalay Bay tower over the THEhotel tower would be b/c the main tower has direct elevator access to the pool level, while if you stay at THEhotel, you'll have to walk across the casino.
3	My friends and I stayed a few nights here in a 2 bed suite. Like everything else in Vegas, this place is huge and it's easy to get lost. The hotel has great pools (a wave pool, a pool pool, a lazy river pool, etc) which is pretty family friendly. I also thought the Shark Reef Aquarium in the hotel (for an extra charge, of course) was also one of the best parts of the hotel.The suite was really nice. Two large bedrooms, one with two queens and one room with a king. The queen room had a terrific tiled huge shower stall, which had a regular shower head plus a rain shower head above. The master suite has a jetted tub.So why only three stars? Extra charge for wireless internet. I know you're not coming to Vegas to get online, but Holiday Inn has free internet. Also, if you look behind the furniture, the place isn't very clean. They need to vacuum the furniture (I found someone else's hair on the couch cushions) and wash the drapes once in awhile. Maybe move the furniture and clean behind it every month?
4	Love this place...it has everything you could ask for all onsite because it is huge.The Pool and Spa are both reasons alone to come back. The restaurants are all top named chefs, they have the event center and house of blues for music, UFC, concerts, etc..The service can be spotty especially room service can be awful ( hour plus). Rooms are generally clean and good sized. Casino is large and fun.Mlife comps have been coming less and less here though...
1	Oh my god. The valet actually lost our car and key. I'm sure this happens but they took such slow action to suggest a reimbursement for a taxi.  I know they handle a lot of cars but they just need to have some better organizational system.Suggestion if you valet take a picture of your plate or car and note the valet that handled it. It's been about an hour waiting for them to find it. Definitely not happy campers.
3	Nice room, friendly and efficient staff.Mandalay Bay Beach is great, however it gets super crowded, so go early.Downsides would be the ridiculous price points in the complex's restaurants - I know it's Vegas, but come ON - and the complete scam at the bellhop desk of checking your luggage through to your flight for you. We had the privilege of paying extra $$ for that honor, only to have our luggage miss the flight despite a five hour lead time. Skip that part for SURE.As a side note, the constant marketing of the MGM monopoly (seems like half the strip is now owned by MGM, including Mandalay Bay) is pretty dreary. Even some of the casino games are branded with the M Life crap.
3	The last two times I've gone to Vegas, we've stayed at Mandalay Bay.  The first time we were in the main tower, and the last time we were at THEhotel.  Both have their good and bad points...but first, let's talk about the property over all.The pool is obviously the best part of staying here.  Wave pool, lazy river, good music...it can be over-run with kids sometimes, but since one of these visits included my own child, I did appreciate the family-friendly vibe.  Even on my adults-only visit, I definitely didn't feel like the kids were hindering our ability to have Vegas-style fun.  The pool area also included a "toptional" pool for those who are into that sort of thing...though I have yet to check it out, I'm sure it would be one way to avoid a pool full of kids ;)The Shark Reef aquarium is great, and was a big hit with the aforementioned kiddo.  Even mom enjoyed it.The buffet here is meh...nothing to write home about...and the casino is equally meh.  The rooms are nice in both properties.  We stayed in a standard room in the main tower, and were upgraded to a suite in THEhotel.  The suite was beautiful, but it was more space than we needed, and even further from everything we wanted to do.  No fun having to hike across the casino in our bathing suits to get to the pool every day. Also, the bedding was sort of unpleasantly rough and not what I'd expect in such a luxurious-looking room.  I definitely preferred the main tower room, and will decline the upgrade next time.This place gets three stars primarily because it is sooo far from everything else.  It's a nice property, but the location alone is enough to make me choose another hotel next time we come to Vegas.
1	This is a review of the service for Ruffles Cafe.WORST SERVICE I've ever had in my entire life. I think it was like 20 minutes before we ever got our order taken and then another 20 for it to arrive. Then it arrived completely wrong. The whole thing was a mess!Just terrible all around. They are very lucky the food tastes good.
4	I stayed here for a conference and quickly learned that there is a huge advantage to booking THE Hotel tower over the main towers if you are spending a lot of time in the convention rooms. It's a long walk. The pool is very impressive - wave pool and lazy river included. The casino smoke is a bit worse than some of the other nice hotels. The suites are very nice - loved the bathtub! The biggest drawback was that this newish facility is at the far end of the strip, so everything else is harder to get to on foot. I soon learned to use the bus. The aquarium wasn't really worth the admission. The only restaurant I tried and liked was the Mexican one with the outdoor patio.
5	I loved Mandayay Bay Resort & Casino. It was clean, beautiful, fun, our room was georgous!  So much to do there, good entertainment, good food. Had a great time and we will go back soon!
4	There's a lot to do and the location of the hotel is on prime real estate on the strip. There's  a lot of place within walking distance.
1	Very average. I stayed here around 10 years ago and had a wonderful experience.  Now the customer service is horrible, the costs are outrageous ( extra fee for everything), free wi-fi (I think not) and even while gambling its impossible to get a drink.   Oh and I almost forgot, we didn't get our room cleaned (or even the towels changed) one day and they had very little sympathy saying that they had a lot of check outs that they have to get cleaned that day for new check ins. (How that affects me I'm not sure)  Plus had a wonderful meal at the house of blues in the Mandalay but the absolute worst waitress in the world.  We told the hostess who apologized but that was all.  Would definitely try somewhere else next time.
4	Mandalay Bay is one of my favorite hotels in Vegas. There's just something about the atmosphere here. The size of rooms are above average by Vegas standards. The bathrooms are large and even have small TVs in them. The casino is laid out well. The wave pool and lazy river are great. I always get a good rate when I go there and sometimes I get comped. The M-Life players club card is worth getting, even if you don't gamble. Use it there and at all of the MGM owned Vegas hotels when you go out to eat and charge it to the room. This gets you points. There are 3 downsides to this hotel. 1) It's on the very south end of the strip. 2) There are no hotels across the street. The only hotel near it is the Luxor which is actually connected to it by the mall Mandalay Place. 3) During the summer there are a lot of kids at the pool (beach). I'd rather see people there around my age. If it's pool season next time I'm in Vegas I want to go to the new pool party called Light. I peaked in there and it looks like a lot of fun. I also spent a few minutes at Light Nightclub. It looked amazing and I want to go back there.
1	Booked 3 nights and couldn't even check in. Line was 2 hrs long for an entire day. About 15 terminals available at lobby and only 4 employees checking people in. Utterly ridiculous Customer service. If you like to gamble go right ahead, you might win the jackpot and get to your room within 20 minutes upon arrival... If your key works.
1	I am a frequent here at both THE hotel and Mandalay Bay but this weekend changed that indefinitely for good. I would not think to come back here ever ever ever. Overall my stay here this past weekend was horrid because it was one bad situation toppled on top of another. Room was booked under casino in APRIL and we did a follow up a month before arrival and THE SAME DAY AT 6 P.M, but based on availability, our suite at THE hotel was unavailable. Maybe it would have been nice if they did a follow up. We called at 6 p.m informing them of our arrival but at 8 p.m, the hotel changed it by downgrading us. Mind you we had a large group and a dog (Mandalay Bay does not welcome pets) so we had to drop off our dog elsewhere. Very understandable because that is noted on the terms and agreements. Secondly, after going back and forth with the front desk, they informed us that a room would be ready in an hour because it was not clean. Arrival to the hotel was almost at midnight. So my group and I resorted to canceling plans on a Friday because it was too late to go out. They gave me a petty $50.00 for food credit then bumped it up to $75.00. It was a complete waste of our Friday night so this bootleg comp money could not buy our happiness. We got in at 12 a.m, and got into our room at 2 .am It only gets better, our belongings had to be hauled from THE hotel to Mandalay Bay and our car was at THE hotel garage to top it off. It the midst of all these issues we decided to move on, well that didn't happen.  We needed extra towels and that was an annoyance because it's so SIMPLE. Housekeeping completely forgot to bring the towels, fine it happens. I went down the hall to scavenge from them myself, then to find three different housekeepers that were unfriendly to say the least. I went to all three of them and they did not want to spare me three god damn towels. Is it that serious? I HAD TO CALL HOUSEKKEPING so the supervisor could walk me to where the towel storage room.The hotel room was very clean ! Minor issues were a lot of the outlets not working at all. The a/c was not working sufficiently because it was extremely hot.Valet didn't want to take my car and had to debate with the 118 degree heat on why they had to take my car in. That was insane because they wanted to send me to THE hotel parking lot, creepy and confusing cause that's where we got transferred from.  Management called our room because they found out how horrific our situation was; mind you none of us complained what so ever. The manager was accommodating but again, trying to buy our love with the petty comps, she bumped it from $75.00 to $150.00. I felt as if they throw that in your face just to justify all the bad that went wrong, Nope doesn't work. On Saturday, our room was NOT CLEANED, and no we did not have the do not disturb sign ETC. We didn't call to complain. All I did was kept my mouth shut because I was trying to enjoy an eventful weekend. I had to call for toilet paper and toiletries on different occasions. What was supposed to be a three night stay turned into two night stay. We needed to vacate because we were very annoyed with this hotel as a whole. Coming back to this property is highly unlikely. What a weekend ruined. Never again !
4	I frequently come to the Mandalay Bay and THE hotel and i don't have any complaints about this place. They have some of the best restaurants and not to mention the entertainment here is also great! Just do the research. I came two weeks ago and had an awesome view of the wave pool and lazy river. We enjoy staying here so much we almost always request a late checkout.
4	Viva Las Vegas! I was in Sin City for a business convention. I was there for business, but I managed to have a lot of fun along the way. I LOVE to gamble! A lot of my associates were staying at cheaper hotels, but I don't settle for second best. I enjoy the thrill of gambling. A little too much, hahaha... I really love to bet on sports and for my money (literally), Mandalay Bay has the best sports book in Vegas. My wife (now ex-wife) and I once stayed at MB a year after it opened. It has changed a lot, but it's still just as good as it was then. I had just a bit of trouble at check-in. The room was not ready on time, so I hung around the casino for a while and ended up losing around $1500 . That is a lot of coin to lose while waiting for your room. It was not a huge deal. When the room was ready, the bellman was terrific in carrying my two very heavy suitcases to my room. I had a room on an upper floor. The view of the strip was spectacular. A man-made city of lights in the desert! I stared out in wonderment. I almost forgot to unpack, I was so entranced by the beauty of this mysterious city. The bed was fit for a king. The entire room made me feel like a sultan of the desert. Nice artwork and color scheme. The bathroom looked nice, but that is where most of my problems with the room took place. I also had a small problem with the television. The first time I used the remote, it wouldn't turn on the TV. I called the front desk and they sent up a nice man to change the batteries. Turns out that there was nothing wrong with the remote. I was just holding it upside down. I felt a little silly, but the man assured me that this happens quite often. Lets talk about the bathroom. A sunken bathtub, a shower stall, and a little television IN THE BATHROOM! Viewable from the throne (toilet). One night, I felt like using the bathtub. It was very relaxing. The problem was the amount of towels. I had previously asked them for extra towels. I usually need around four. I was not able to dry myself off thoroughly. I called from the bathroom and asked them to quickly send me up a few towels (I was still wet). A woman from housekeeping came by with ONE towel. There was one awkward moment when the maid handed it through the door as I tried to cover myself the best I could. That was only one problem I encountered with the bathroom. The toilet clogged a few times throughout my stay and I even ran out of toilet paper. Both times, the maintenance staff handled the situations very respectfully. If you love to party, you never have to leave MB. Any type of experience you desire: Asian, French, Italian, Mexican, American, and Russian. That week I ate at a bunch of great restaurants: Border Grill, Burger Bar, Charlie Palmer Steak, Citizens Kitchen & Bar, Hussong's Cantina, Bayside Buffet (twice), Noodle Shop, and Rick Moonen's RM Seafood. All great! I must also say that I have stayed at both the MGM and Luxor in the past, and MB's casino is much better. I played a lot of slots, poker, roulette, craps, etc.... It was a blast. I won some money, lost some money, and was maybe only down around 2K for the week.Toward the end of my week, I booked myself some spa time at Spa Mandalay. I was putting a lot of stress on myself during the week and needed to unwind. I got deep tissue massage and found it unsatisfying. It didn't feel like my tissues were being penetrated enough. I also had a steam wrap (very nice), a Fijian Hot Stone Herbal Scrub, and a Moroccan Hot Stone Ritual (which I still don't quite understand). The whole thing was pretty nice, but I liked the steam wrap the most. There is a ton to do and see at Mandalay Bay. The casino, restaurants, and spa were all great. (Forgot to mention the aquarium, great for kids and adults) I guess there is a club scene there as well, but I don't care for any of that. Overall, my stay was wonderful! (On the flight home, I noticed my glands were swollen. This probably didn't have anything to do with my stay)
4	You pay for what to get.  This is still one of the nicer places to stay and play at.  Overall good experiences each I stay here.
1	Probably will never gamble at this casino again.  I just can't seem to win here and the service from the casino staff seems to lack.  The only good thing I can say is that my host is very accommodating after my big losses.  Other than that the restaurants have all changed and have gone downhill as well.
5	If there is heaven on earth this is the place, the moment you walk in you are treated like royalty, The main or casino floor amazingThe boyfriend has taken me here many times to spend a night of playing tourist! Super Fun The room was spotless and the staff was very helpful, I forgot a few things and the front desk came to my rescue
3	Well I chose to come here - for a fun, adult only trip with my husband. However, Mandalay bay is VERY kid friendly. THe pools were full of kiddos and you couldn't bring your drink in the wave pool ( you may spill it - HI, what else do you think is floating in this water?! ). The room was older, but still nice. Aside from the kiddos in the pool, another reason I would not stay here is the insulation of the rooms is horrible. You can hear the people in the room next to your room. Also the elevators are slow and crowded! The casino floor is nice, the restaurant choices are nice and it's easy to catch the tram or head over to Excaliber or Luxor.
1	Bad customer service! My husband and I have stayed here numerous times and while we have always enjoyed our time here we won't be coming back anymore! I left something in my room and did not realize it until 8 hours later after we were already home. We called them up and were just given the run around to several different departments. Front desk passed us to security who passed us to key control who passed us to lost and found (which was closed) then back to front desk then housekeeping then back to security. Front desk told us the room had not been cleaned yet and housekeeping said the same thing and they all said to call back tomorrow when lost and found was open. Three different people said they would let the cleaning people know to look for it (we told them exactly where it would be located...right side bed table in the top drawer). The item we left had no value but was only my husbands security badge and IT token so its not as though someone would keep it and sell it. The next day when we called back, after getting ANOTHER run around we were told nothing was turned in and the room was occupied so there was nothing they could do but leave a message for the occupant and hope they look. I understand that my leaving my property was our fault but how about going the extra mile and sending someone to check when we called the first night and it was empty?? We spent one night there and spent well over $10,000. Over our last 2 visits to Mandalay we went from the initial sign up to Mlife all the way to platinum so we are not penny gamblers. You fail Mandalay...I guess we will take our business elsewhere which is a shame because we enjoy your hotel the most because its at the end of the strip so when we visit other casinos we don't have to back track but just make our way down the strip. (Also, we were disappointed to see our favorite 2 am eating place was no longer 24 hours. Raffles Cafe was delicious and Citizen Cafe was not. My salad was over-dressed and tasted old. My husbands Reuben was soggy and they forgot his Mac and cheese so when it finally came out we were done eating. Don't even get me started on the waiter who didn't check on us once for refills on our drinks and we had to ask for the check TWICE!)
4	Absolutely the best at customer service and following up with guests experiences. They have won me over and We will be staying there again in either August or January trip. Tosha and Janis are amazing and a huge asset to Mandalay Bay.Billing issues resolved ASAP and their sincere interest in our experience and their handling of unfortunate issues with our stay was professional and appreciated.After a rough first day, we enjoyed our next 3 days immensely.Thanks Mandalay Bay. We will be cancelling our Venetian plans and am looking forward to seeing The Phoenix Band in the lounge, the best pool in Vegas, the amazing Foundation Room and the great crew at Pit 9.
5	The Mandalay Bay is my favorite hotel on the strip!  I love the atmosphere, the great selection of restaurants and when you walk in this place smells like sunscreen.  This ultimately makes me want to run to their amazing wave pool...I have all night to gamble :)
5	awesome!!!
3	Pros:  nice, clean, smells good, big rooms, fair prices on roomsCons:  the beach area is so crowded, the beach chairs are placed so close together that you can look over and see your neighbor, service (food/drinks) is poor by the pool, many kids (only a con if you are trying to relax and get away from your kids), located far from the prime areas of the strip, hotel check in process took 45 minutes because there were only two employees working, food choices and restaurants were satisfactory.  3 stars
3	For a fancy hotel they got a couple minor but extremely inconvient things to fix. The valet took over 45 minutes to bring our car around which is ridiculous.. where did they park my car on the other side of town..? And second.. the elevator took 5 minutes to come down which created a huge line in the lobby. I asked if it was possible to get a fork but they said there was going to be a charge.. seriously..? The pool was relaxing and fun I would come back for the pool. But I would most likely self Park next time instead of wasting my tine waiting for the valet. I probably wouldnt stay again unless I get a comp but well see.
4	Have not personally stayed in a room her but have had friends that have been guests.  My daughter loves the pool. Because of her height she is not tall enough to be in the wave pool but she doesn't mind because the lazy river is what she enjoys the most.  Also they sell tubes for $20 to use in the lazy river but don't feel as if you have to buy them there. You don't. Stop at a Walgreen, walmart or cvs to grab those because they allow you to bring in outside tubes and will even inflate them for free. We have also visited the aquarium. I have been to the many aquariums including the Baltimore aquarium and this for the money is not worth it.
5	Amazing hotel. $20 trick didn't work! Awesome pools. Will stay again!
4	The rooms are really nice! This more than made up for the feel of staying in a mall and almost made up fro the atrocious check in line (1 hours and 12 minute wait!!!!) during a conference. The pools are nice but the 'life guards' are obnoxious with barking at guest between their flirting with co-workers. The food in the Hotel is really good with Citizens and, to my shock, House of Blues being the bright spots juyst avoid the buffet room it was over priced bad cafeteria food.
3	The room is nice, we have a strip view and with the thunderstorm, it makes for a nice show. I'm one of those who is here from the northwest to get some warmth and let my kiddo have a weekend at the poolthis summer before she is back to school. Pools are her kryptonite. She loves wave pools,but ouch - we get here and find out she is 2" short to even go in it!  The waves are strong but come SO far apart I don't see the issue if a parent is present and we stay shallow. OUCH!  Getting to the pool was an issue, we parked our stuff on what may have been the last chair and my Kiddo took off to run to the pool. She got about 8 feet and screamed bloody murder - and my kid doesn't scream.  I ran to Her and scooped her up in my arms and realized why, the sand is like fire. Literally!!!  Our feet were in such pain we had to sit awhile with a towel on the sand to let our feet rest until it feel better enough to walk. It caused my feet to crack badly which now means I'm basically limping around for our vacation weekend.  There should be signs or some information right when you walk in about NOT walking in the sand barefoot in the summer unless it's night time.   We had a hard time finding chairs not in the sand... Lots of unused cabanas but they aren't in this single moms budget, but if you have a large group -get one!  Im trying to give my daughter a wonderful weekend but her complaining her feet hurt when she walks (and she's not a complainer) wasn't on the agenda  Was planning on doing the shark reef but since my newly burned blistered cracked feet make it hard to walk i think we need to change plans. I may try to find us a deal on a show- spunds like lots of good reviews here for lion king  Will update on that. Will try the pool again tomorrow since its why we are here. Hoping for a better experience.
4	Great room on the 32nd. floor! LARGE SUITE. It was great for entertaining my guests, had a mini reception in there. Thank you to Gladys the maid for cleaning up and Frank the bellman was knowledgeable friendly and helpful.  He explained how to drive our car through to go to the bell area pointing at the path we needed to drive down. SO HELPFUL THANK YOU FRANK THE BELLMAN!
4	I will probably book a room here next time I come to Vegas. It's really clean and it looks new.  They have  entertainment in the lobby . Lively lounge and new gambling machines to try. Black jacks are a bit pricey but they got slot machines and of course free drinks.
3	Let me start with saying this opinion is based on a visit to the property and casino, not a hotel stay.For me its good that it sits so far from the center strip chaos... but for others it may be too quiet. It does connect to Luxor and Excaliber which I found really multiplied the food and shopping options...I liked all the choices!One thing I hated was all the plastic greenery through MB...many other hotels use real plants...yuck.Another negative...the pool area looks like a crowded nightmare with children racing all over the place...yuck.Shark reef....really needs updating...We did alright in the casino...one some, lost some...its above average in its size and selection.So it sounds like MB is renivating its rooms...that sounds good... and if the renovate the common areas and amenities as well this property will be the knock out it used to be!
4	Stayed here for the first time ever for a Bachelorette party weekend. Upon checking in, we were offered free cocktails and water bottles. The cocktail wasn't very good but the thought itself was nice. My first thought about the hotel was that it was huge and well kept considering that it is one of the "older" hotels now. Our room was good size and everything was clean. The Pool area probably has to be the best in Vegas. I've stayed at many hotels, even the Aria, but the Wave Pool and lazy river really does it for me! We had a blast there. It truly does have a resort feel.I docked one star because we asked for a rollaway bed to be placed in our room by the time we got there but it wasn't and we had to wait awhile for it. AND the dolly with all our luggage was lost when we were checking out, we waited at the Valet for 20 minutes until they finally found it. We were almost late to our spa appointment, not cool..Regardless, I really enjoyed my stay here and once I have kids, this is definitely the place we will be staying at in Vegas!
5	Never could afford to stay there but I went to their amazing swimming pools several times. I love their lazy pool. Dislike the fact that they charge $30 for an inner tube that cost $5 at Walmart, so bring your own and save. As for Beverages it's over priced, just ask for ice water, it's free
3	Hotel is very nice, room was average, ans staff was friendly.  The hotel attracts a lot of kids because of water park.  Parents dont't do a very good job of watching their kids at the pool. Also the pool closes at 7pm. That was the biggest turn off for me, but I know others do the same. Seven is too early. Close to strip and next to airport.  I would say give it a shot especially if you have kids.  Don't order room service. Food was horrible for the price. Had chicken which was dry and onion soup which was ice cold.  Also took 10 minutes to order and over an hour for it to be delivered.
1	Definitely not going back. Rude receptionist very unwelcoming attitude as if shes working for free and we came in there for free. Talked too fast and mumbled , like we're suppose to understand all she said as if she was talking to someone that works there. room service very poor .. no toothpaste , didn't refill soap and shampoo  considering there were 3 of us that checked in. maybe staff is were not familiar with good hygiene. My husband asked the receptionist where is the Michael Jacson theater and she just anwered inside the casino... very informative answer. Not recommending them at all considering they're considered 4 star hotel ..... i'm expecting them to have a better if not the best customer service training but ended  up being so disappointed . Ive been to the least expensive motels but i guess they have a better customer service and attitude !!!
3	We stayed at the Mandalay because my boyfriend is friends with a few guys who were performing for a concert on Saturday night (also my birthday) which is the reason we chose to stay there.  We arrived around noon on Friday July 19th.  Valet parked our vehicle & were able to flag down a bell hop for our luggage.  Check in was a breeze as we only waited in line for maybe 15-20 minutes tops.  While waiting we were greeted with the yummiest little mango flavored cocktails that had a red pepper in the bottom which gave the drink a nice little kick.  Once we got to our room I called Vallet & had our luggage brought up within 5 minutes.  The bell hop was very nice & personable.   Unfortunately, our concert was rained out the following night by thunderstorms but I actually enjoyed watching the storm from our room on the 26th floor which had an awesome view of the pool areas & stage.   Our room decor was a bit bland and on the contemporary side.  The sofa had a large black stain, possibly shoe shine?  I wasn't too impressed for the price & the AC decided to quit working after only a day so I had to blast the fan for the remainder of our 3 day stay.  Fortunately, we don't spend much time in our room.   Room service was okay to say the least.  My boyfriends breakfast was perfect.  I ordered a simple plain croissant with a side of scrambled eggs & an avocado with olive oil as I have dietary restrictions.  When my food arrived I saw that it was a croissant slathered in cheese, eggs & bacon (gross) and no olive oil for my avocado.  Needless to say I wasn't able to eat much.  I'm not sure what the problem was as I carefully explained to the woman that took our order exactly what I wanted.  We ordered room service again Saturday night & it never even showed up!  Big disappointment there.   The shopping is decent if you have $$$ to spend, the pool closes at odd times but is quite nice otherwise.  I would skip Lupo unless you like stale croutons in your Caesar Salad & a server who could care less.  I recommend Aureole, hands down the BEST restaurant there.  Service & food was 100%.  Alfredo (our server) was great!  No complaints what so ever.   I would also skip the nightclub scene unless you like that sort of clusterfuckery & check out the House of Blues instead.  They had a great metal show with local bands who were all surprisingly talented.  Whiskey Southern Band was a favorite with us.   Make sure to hit up the little Irish Pub upstairs in the shopping area for lunch, great friendly service, great food & appetizers.    Checked out Sunday around noon, bell hops & valet were super nice.  Only real negative I have is that upon leaving my bf noticed he had been bitten on the arm by a bed bug (definitive line pattern of 6 bites).  That completely freaked us out & our luggage is still sitting outside.  I had to heat treat all of our belongings when we got home which wasn't fun after traveling for 2 days.
4	Only two reasons for not getting 5 stars.  1 We had to wait 5 hours for our room to be cleaned at check in. 2.  The restaurant kitchens close earlier than stated if they aren't selling enough. Leaves you hungry if you don't watch the clock or end up on a slow day. Otherwise, I'd visit again.  Vegas is blazing hot.
5	I am a local and my family was coming into town and I decided to join them for a STAYCATION for myself , so I chose Mandalay Bay! From check in to check out everything was perfect. We arrived before the 3pm check in hoping for a room to be available and we were in luck! We came early around 11, and went straight to the pool. The check in were all very friendly and calm despite being as hectic it was with everyone coming through the lines. The young man with glasses helping cue the guests was particularly helpful and expedited us into the proper lines. When we got to the room, we were ecstatic with the view! We were facing the strip straight on, it looked like a postcard:) The beds were comfy and the bathtub was so indulgent I took 5 baths in 2 days! The room layout was spacious and the room attendants were always there to show us where the ice was and got us more towels and shampoos. The only thing I would improve in the room is and update of the restaurants and amenities. I know there are new attractions and other ones that have closed down, and they still have the Lion King Information under the shows. We did attend the MJ Show in fact ( my second visit) and it was must as passionate and vibrant as the first time. Anyone will love this show, any age and demographic. We loved the paparazzi attacks in the beginning showing the chaos that The One must have felt.  The energy was high and even a person who may not like MJ door his eccentric life, they would really see his true art and creativity and there was a moment that just made the whole crowd silent, its the scene where you can hear MJ talking about his pain and it was genuine and that he did suffer quite a bit. I appreciate MJ much more now after this show, because it has kept him alive and shown his worldwide influence on every level. This is the ONE show to see in Vegas, every seat is intimate and you will leave inspired.For dinner we went to Mix and the views were breathtaking. My family was awestruck. The food and service were as good as it gets, and our waitress kept us very well taken care of. We even gave her a hug on the way out. Do the Cod Entree it's the best dish I've ever tried. The shrimp cocktail and shrimp from the chef were making us want more.Then there is the pool and beach! It's like being transported to Mexico or the Caribbean.  It is the best pool in Vegas, the drinks were also a very good price. Danielle was very friendly and kept us happy. Do wear your sandals on the way to the pool, the sand is quite hot otherwise and you will feel the burn. I like how the pool hours are open very early at 8am and closing at 7pm, it let's you enjoy your beach time without worrying about time.I'll only stay at MB in the future, it is a true resort that can't be matches to any other spot on the Strip. When people ask where am I going on vacation, I won't be saying  Las Vegas, I'll tell them I'm traveling to Mandalay Bay.
4	I booked Mandalay Bay online.THE BAD: When I arrived at hotel I could not believe the line to check in!! Beware you will wait at least an hour just to check in. Never in the history of coming to Vegas have I waiting that long!! Now to the wonderful hotel. I get to check in still with a smile, which the lovely staff member thanked me many times for waiting in that line. It was my Birthday so she did all she could do to keep me happy. I ended up getting upgraded to a 1 bedroom beautiful suite at THEHOTEL which is part of Mandalay Bay. It was AMAZING. THANKYOU so much for making my birthday stay great!!
4	Nice rooms, great pool. Customer service is really good for Vegas, although i upgraded to strip view which ended up being airport view. Water pressure in shower was fair. Room was nice, comfy beds.
4	Nicely appointed interior, fresh scent due to floral fragrance pumped into the air. Good filtration removes smoke quickly. Staff were very helpful and courteous. We stayed 4 nights and were placed on the guest list to Foundation Room which was enjoyable. The pool areas were packed and we found it difficult to get chaise lounges, but that's not their fault. Nor was the blistering hot sand. We ate  at Citizens and Aureole while there, both were excellent. Only star deduction I made is the shortage of jacks or better video poker machines. Also the extreme tightness of slots in general. We played several times at several different locations and denominations - these machines are dialed down so tight that we got clobbered every time. It is true what they say: if you're going to play, play off the strip.
4	Michael Jackson one !!! Lets do this Vegas baby !!!
4	I got an amazing deal to stay at any MGM property which also included two complimentary show tickets (we saw Zumanity, http://www.yelp.com/biz/cirque-du-soleil-zumanity-las-vegas-2#hrid:19S9n3DPsmmkib35do5BeA), so I couldn't pass up this chance to stay at Mandalay Bay.LOCATION - Mandalay Bay is located on the south side of the Strip so it was pretty far from all the excitement. This made taxis to other parts of the Strip a little expensive but a plus is that it's close to the airport. It's next door to Luxor and Excalibur and there is also a tram to get you to and from those hotels.ROOMS - We stayed in one of the deluxe rooms and it was really nice! We had a great view of the pools. The room itself is really spacious and it was pretty awesome having a tv in the bathroom. I liked that the toilet was separate from the shower/tub. The beds were so comfortable!DINING/ENTERTAINMENT/CASINO - There are many dining options throughout the hotel and casino but we mostly ate at more affordable spots in the Shoppes at Mandalay Place. The casino was huge but surprisingly easy to navigate and the ventilation was pretty good. Loved the floral scents! They also just opened a club called LIGHT that features Cirque Du Soleil performers and there's also the Shark Reef aquarium.POOL - We actually didn't spend too much time at the pools but they are gorgeous! The main pool, lazy river, and wave pool cater more towards families but there is also Moorea Beach Club, which is 21+, for adults. I love that they brought in sand so you really feel like you're at the beach!SERVICE - The weekend we decided to go was pretty busy for Mandalay Bay because of One Direction, but check-in didn't take as long as I thought it would. At check-in, I had some issues with payment (always tell your bank you will be travelling!) but eventually got it sorted out. I want to personally say thank you to Lia for being so understanding and patient with me! Everyone we talked to was really helpful and kind, which made staying at Mandalay Bay such a joy. I decided to do the express check-out which was a breeze and they email you the itemized receipt. My only issue is the resort fee (but every hotel in Vegas has it now)!Overall, we absolutely loved staying at Mandalay Bay! I hope I can stay here again for future Vegas trips, but since it's on the pricier side, I'd only stay here again if I had another amazing deal. If you don't mind being away from all the excitement, I wouldn't hesitate to stay here. It's a beautiful hotel!
2	I don't get the love for this hotel? We stayed there for 2 nights promised a view of the pool but got a room with a view of the roof waited in line for 1 1/2 hr to get checked in on a Friday night only 2 people at the counter. They do not care ! Valet always full. Was given bogus advice on where to pick up luggage on departure. We couldn't wait to leave this hotelBest experience was initial bellman Worst experience was checking inBuffet was very good I would not go backJim d
1	Where do I begin.  How about the 90 minute line while I waited with 60-70 others to check in.  Only 3 people open at the front desk, which had stations for 15 employees.   Or the elevators - in the whole week, only 3 of the 8 elevators were in operation.  None were broken, the hotel is just cheap.  10-15 or more minutes to get an elevators most of the time.  Or the pool - which isn't actually a pool one could relax in - it was over 104 degrees every single day yet NO SHADE.  you could "rent" an umbrella - for $300 PER DAY.  I am not making this up.  The Cabanas were for rent also, $675-$995 PER DAY, depending on if it was the weekend.  But $300 per day for the shade umbrella???  Please!!!!!Absolutely no chairs or benches anywhere on the property, inside or out; no place whatsoever to just sit and relax and read or anything.  Enormous empty sprawling space insdie and out - with nothing.  Apparently they want to force you to stay in Casino or one of the several horrifically expensive restaurants.  No prices on ANYTHING.  This includes the couple of "gift shops" selling toiletries, soda, water, candy, cards, magazines, all the usual stuff.  Not a price on a single thing, not even a pack of gum.  You had to ASK price of every single thing.  Of course, when a $2.99 bottle of water costs $5.50, it's  small wonder.Which brings us to the Mini Bar.  It was MAGNETIZED, so that if you even moved something aside, you'd be charged.  So could not use the refrigerator at all.  Location is AWFUL as well. It's not only at the end of the "strip" - the next place is more than a mile away.  You are stuck in the middle of nowhere with absolutely nothing to do, no place to sit, unless you pay the $300 daily fee for the pool since  shade is pretty important when it's 105+ degrees.Signage is unbelivably bad.  Almost impossible to find your way around.No information offered on things like the light rail/monorail which we could have taken into 'town' had we known about it.  I could go on.  And on and on.  You have been warned.  STAY AWAY FROM MANDALAY BAY
2	I don't get the elements that makes this resort a family oriented place. There's ABSOLUTELY nothing for kids to do, especially for teenagers. My family spent this past weekend at Mandalay along with 4 other families. We were a mix of toddlers, teenagers and adults. Our group of teenagers were disappointed that there was no arcade gaming place to hangout in. They were bored. The pool was the only place we spent family time. During the day, we had to take the tram to Excalibur and New York New York, where these Hotels have gaming activities for kids of all ages. It was fine but traveling to other casinos just takes up time fighting with crowds and traffic. Mandalay needs to build a gaming area for kids/children and it would be much more enjoyable for families.
3	We stayed here over the weekend to celebrate our son's birthday.  We shelled out for a two bedroom suite that was pretty nice in amenities.  The PROS:  The casino is nice and actually smells wonderful, not smoky like so many others are.  I actually won a bit at the slots which was a welcome surprise.  We ate at their Bayside Buffet one night which was fantastic! Everything we ate was delicious and the meal (30.00) included wine, beer and champagne in unlimited amounts.  They had two live bands in small open areas within the casino that had dancing, we had a great time there!  THE CONS:   We were charged more than 110.00 per night in taxes which really was an irritant ! There are 2 pools that we would have had to pay $50.00 each (for gentlemen) just to enter....let alone buy  a cocktail!  In my opinion these pool fees should not apply at all or at least be substantially discounted for people staying at the resort; especially for what we paid for a suite.   They had so many rules at the wave pool we didn't even want to step in it......
1	The check in line was crazy long. They had everyone working up at the desk, but the wait was ridiculous. If they would not waste time trying to sell upgrades to every guest checking in, the process would be much faster.  Not the newest rooms, but you are also not paying Venetian prices.
3	Okay, so we stayed here for our Vegas trip with family and I must admit, their two bedroom suites ARE AWESOME. Pros about the suite: So we had a mini fridge (without that obnoxious mini bar where you move something... and get charged for it. I hate that). We were able to blast music throughout the suite (and no one complained even though I could hear it down the hall) and each bathroom had a TV screen, Jacuzzi tub and shower. I also liked that the toilet was separate from the bathroom, so while getting ready people could use the facilities without having to kick me out mid-curling my hair (has been a problem in the past with 12 girls getting ready at once in one bathroom). Our room had ceiling to floor windows and an awesome view of the Mandalay Bay sign and Luxor. The good..about the hotel: The concierge desk was very helpful, and ordered balloons to celebrate my brothers birthday. They were prompt and very professional. They also had extra towels and when I asked for extra soap, shampoo and conditioner they sent up a BAG full. thank you! I was slightly concerned with how far off of the strip it is, since I've been to Vegas a few times with girlfriends and we loved to roam to all the different clubs. I've stayed at the Venetian and MGM grand which are more primly located on the strip. Except I never really had the desire to leave the hotel, there were consistently multiple bands playing with an active dance scene. Music ranged from 80's to now, but it was always a good time. We saw people of all ages dancing, from 20s-70's and even some entertaining druggies who thought they were talented salsa dancers, except they weren't. I was dying from laughter waiting for him to drop her, at some points she didn't even have her eyes open for most of it. Heroin is a hell of a drug people. It was great cause after I had danced through my buzz I would just run upstairs for some shots and a beer and I would be set again for my next adventure! The Bad: the extra fees tapped on.... a little ridiculous. just in taxes, fail Mandalay Bay, Fail. This would probably be under my "ugly" category if I had to pay for it, but I have amazing and loving parents who took care of the cost for me. WINNING! You still suck for it though, Mandalay. Next, Its a little far off the strip, and by a little.. I mean FAR, WTH!? I know this isn't the hotels fault, but seriously? I got off the greyhound bus and instead of paying a 90 dollar cab ride, I chose to take the Deuce.. awesome transportation, except it took 1 HOUR AND 15 MINUTES TO GET TO THE HOTEL. THE UGLY: This pool situation is ridiculous. I came traveling with a few boys, and after spending an extensive amount of money on a room, THEY STILL HAVE TO PAY 50 DOLLARS EACH? ARE YOU KIDDING ME? Someone needs to do something about this, especially since that pool isn't even nearly as cool as Wet Republic. So instead we decide to relax by the wave pool.. NOT. I sit down for 2 seconds near the start of the wave pool just to get my legs wet and I have a lifeguard blowing a whistle in my ear demanding me to stand up. WTH MANDALAY? WHY MUST YOU HIRE LIFEGUARDS THAT THRIVE ON YELLING AT 20 SOMETHING YEAR OLDS THAT WANT TO SIT DOWN FOR 2 SECONDS? Rude, Second we go to get into the lazy river and have children stepping on us, pushing us into walls. We even had 7 year olds knocking our 20 dollar drinks into the water, awesome. Look Mandalay, if I wanted to go to Chuck E Cheese, I could easily do that. Except that's not what I signed up for. Cant you make a kiddy pool or something? Going to your pools was like free birth control, I never want to have kids. Thanks Mandalay, next time I'll stay somewhere else. Since your day activities suck.
2	Did not love this place.  We were so excited when our MLife points allowed a $96.00 per night Spa Suite here in August.  We were dying to go to the pool here and we love all the restaurants so were were pumped.  well...The room was average--it was very dark due to one small window that overlloed the back of the hotel.  The "spa" was just an oversized bathtub with jets.  My hubby and I could not fit comfortably in it together (we are not big people).  The bed was uncomfortable and the a/c cycled on and off all night and was very noisy.  I didn't sleep for 3 days.  The pool was OK but it was VERY crowded.  The first night we were there we went to the pool at 5 pm expecting to have about 2 hours but AFTER we went in we were told they were closing early for a special event and we had about 20 minutes.The room had a refrigerator but it was stocked and you could not remove anything or you would be immediately charged for it.  We wanted to up some stuff in it but we could not. Much better bang for your buck if you stay in a spa suite at the Monte Carlo.
3	My family booked a room at the Mandalay Bay Resort through Expedia for $108/night. We were thrilled to get this price because it's an upscale hotel and off the strip.The positives: Our room was large, clean and had two queen beds.Yea...no bed bugs, thank God. Shutter doors close off the bathroom and the toilet is separated from the bathroom. Inside the bathroom, there's a small flat screen tv on an articulating arm readily available for those who enjoy taking bubble baths in the jacuzzi tub. We could not hear the other hotel guests adjacent to us or above/below (nice thick hotel walls!) We enjoyed the wave pool to cool ourselves off as it was 107 degrees.The negatives: Ugh...the wait we had to endure at the hotel registration desk. Be prepared to wait 45 min to 1 hour + just to get your room keys! Beware of the hidden fees they don't tell you about: $25/daily resort fee, and tube purchase ($22 large, $18 small) for the lazy river.  Three margarita cocktails at the Mandalay Bar/Grill costs $45 (well spirits are not cheap at all in Vegas, really). The Mandalay beach where the wave pool is located is filled with beach lounge chairs and NO umbrellas - you have to pay to use their umbrellas (or lest you suffer under the hot sun).  There was a private party on the first night we arrived and you could hear the DJ's voice resonating (I was on the 20th floor!!!!!!!!)Overall, this hotel was nice and I'd stay there again if I got that cheap rate. I'm just bothered by all their fees!! A tip for you: If there is a private party in the Beach and you are denied access to the Beach/wave pool, request a refund of that $25 daily resort fee. They will honor it.
4	Gorgeous hotel and casino.  Stayed for 4 days, watch out for those "resort fees" upon checkout, they really add up!  Pool is great as well, never got overly crowded.
4	Definitely one of my new favorite hotels. You can pretty much just stay here with the family the entire time you are here. Their pools (lazy pool, wave pool) were awesome. Kids loved it. Not so bad it's at the end of the strip.
4	Loved this place :) Clean property and great rooms. Mandalay beach is great! Takes a little bit to search for a couple of chairs together, but we found great places all 3 days within 10-15 minutes. Considering almost all of the complexes on the the strip have a resort fee, I always just add an extra $20 to what most price quotes are. I would stay here again anytime.
2	Stayed at this hotel on 7/19/13-7/21/13.  First thing is that I would have expected much better service than what we received.  We splurged on a spa suite for our WEDDING weekend.  When I arrived at the hotel to check in, they tell me they can't find my room.  I begin to panic, but was able to find a confirmation number from Expedia (we booked through them).   They finally find my reservation just to tell me that they don't have a spa suite available, but will be happy to compensate by giving me $100 in slot play.  Ummm...........$100?!?!  I paid nearly $700 for 2 nights stay in a spa suite.  You want to downgrade me to a regular room which runs about $150 a night.... So that's nearly a $400 difference and you're going to give me $100?!?!?     Ummmm........I think not.  If you're going to give me a regular room, then you're going to reimburse me the difference, OR you can give me the room I booked in the 1st place.  I don't know what their customer service team is thinking, seriously.  So I basically had to argue back and forth for about 20 minutes with the check-in clerk.  Finally, she went to go get a manager just before I was about to lose my cool, and suddenly.... Wa la!  They magically found me a spa suite.  So they basically lied the entire time, and when they realized I wasn't going to give in, they gave me what I wanted.  I will not ever waste my money on this establishment again.  I'll stick to Bellagio and Treasure Island from now on.  Mandalay Bay has a few things to learn about customer service, ESPECIALLY at the rates they charge.  I have no problem paying those prices until my efforts and wedding are muddled by incompetence.  For incompetence, I will not be paying those prices at that establishment again.
3	This hotel is so far away from the main attractions. The wait for an elevator is horrible. However, the hotel overall is pretty nice. I just dont know if I would go back because of the walking distance to the middle of the strip.
3	We stayed here for 2 nights. Parents, myself, my sister and grandmother.Absolutely no gambling or drinking on our part. The rooms were in good shape, the pool was amazing. Having sand by the pool is cool but it still remains a terrible idea: it takes 20 seconds to burn your feet and make them sore for a day...Lazy river was also fun.They charged us a whole $50 for using the mini bar to store the fruit we brought on the road and there was no indication that we'd be charges ?! What in the world is this??!
4	Writing a review on my stay from August 11 until just a few days ago :).  Hotel is huge and clean and full of smiling staff members (for the most part) who greet you and wish you a wonderful stay.  We checked in on a late Sunday evening.  Hubby and I waited in line for about 20 mins before we were seen.  Check in was effortless and we were soon given a room on the 8th floor.  We could see the In-And-Out burger from our room (Not so much of a good view from where we were but ok nontheless.)Room:  Clean and very large.  We booked the spa suite and the bathroom was huge with a very large spa tub (jet tub, hot tub, whatever you wish to call it).  There was also a separate shower for our use.  Did not like how if you first walk into the room you can see into the bathroom.  Not good for the housekeeper who walks in unexpectedly.  Bathroom included television (was never used).  Room included a flat screen tv also with a few channels, not the greatest cable channels.  But hey, we weren't really in our room all that much anyways.Ammenities:  We used the cardio room once or twice during our stay.  It is not really a big room however there are plenty of cardio machines.  The room did start to fill up after a while.  For an extra fee if I'm not mistaken you can work out in their weight room.  Casino smelled not of cigarettes but of a different scent.  I could not pinpoint it exactly, but it was a welcome feeling being able to sit at the slots and not have to inhale the God awful stench of cigar smoke.  Slot machines are well...slot machines.  You win some, you lose some.  Room service was pricey but worth it (when I was too hungover to walk to a restaurant but needed food lol).  It was about a 45-60 min wait for the food to be delivered to your room. Restaurants:  Only ate at the house of blues for breakfast, Aureole for our anniversary dinner and Citizens for lunch. Please see my separate review on those experiences...HOB  wasn't a very good one the second time around.  However the management has addressed the issue I am happy to report so all is well.Overall:  Overall the hotel is nice.  I do hate that a bottle of water is $3, and we were told if you move the items in the mini bar or the convenience stand you will be charged.  This is because it uses a weight sensor to charge you for those items.  The prices were ridiculous for those services.  Yes they were convenient but no way I would be over $5 for a bag of m&m's or cookies.  We used the express check out and just dropped a card in the box and was told a bill would be emailed to us.  That was very convenient considering how long the line was for check out that day.  We unfortunately did not see any of the shows hosted at the Mandalay Bay.  It was very convenient the hotel linked to nearby hotels, and there is a monorail that will take you between the Mandalay, Luxor and Excalibur (which came in handy.  I recommend this hotel to a friend and hopefully in the future I can see myself staying at this hotel again.
2	First time staying at Mandalay Bay this past weekend for just one night. We decided to stay here because we were going to Light and didn't want to make such a long commute to where we regularly stay (Vdara, cosmo, aria). Got a standard room with 2 queens with no view. Beds were uncomfortable, room comes with 2 sinks, a shower and a tub. The walls ARE SO THIN that you can hear everything your neighbor is doing, showering..going to the bathroom, drinking, opening drawers, etc. & you hear all the doors slamming during the night which is annoying. What I don't like about this place is that it's so far from the middle of the strip. It's not like planet hollywood where you can walk to mcdonalds, pinks and earls to eat 24/7. Almost all of the restaurants there are closed late,  which is extremely inconvenient when you are drunk and hungry, leaving the club....walking barefoot. Overall, not a good stay, and definitely not coming back for the hotel, but definitely for the club though ;)
2	The room was nice the service sucked. Room service could have been better especially for the price.  Communication was mixed up all over the place.  One thing was said when booking room and upon arrival a total different thing was said. Valet brought the wrong car.
5	Been here 3 times, love the wave pool and restaurants.
5	This place was great! This was our first time to Vegas and it was a pleasure. The staff was friendly, the price was great, the view was amazing, the room was clean. Everything that you could have asked for.We did not get to go down to the pool because we were there racing for the weekend, but I plan to go back and check it out the next time we are in Vegas. It looked amazing!
4	What's not to love, we just keep coming back here every year as the rooms are spacious, the pools are fantastic (lazy river and wave pool), the service is great, valet parking is excellent and they offer you free chilled bottled water at the valet desk and they just upgraded the cardio room with free weights and mats to do your strength training and stretching!  I had been hoping they would do that because machines alone won't complete your work-out!  Now if they can add some bosu, medicine and stability balls, that would be great!  In addition, we look for the low season rate and were able to get a room with a king size bed for $72.00 a night just before the Labor Day weekend!
4	It is spacious and lots of restaurant to choose from.
2	I was contacted by guest services and all that was said that they were sorry. Thanks for the apology.  At least they have someone all over the reviews that they get.
2	I've had my share of casinos on my strips: the Good (Aria), and the bad. I was excited to stay at Mandalay Bay for the first time because my friends and I were going to see the MJONE show. We had booked two rooms and we received our keys with check in without no problem. Or so we thought: When we walked in the room we discovered disheveled beds, suitcases, etc. WTH? Come to find out they gave us the wrong room! Luckily the room belonged to our other friends, but what if it was a stranger? What if we walked in and got attacked? We luckily got our rooms straightened out, an apology from the manager and one night comped, but still it is very disappointed that it happened. Another irritating thing is that we booked our rooms months in advance, then come to find out at the last minute MB had not only a great deal to book, but also a giftbag for MJONE. So basically you were penalized for being prepared...the fun part was the front desk blamed it on the box office, and vice versa. Gee, thanks. As for the room itself, it's pretty standard with beds, bathroom, etc. We had a good view of the MB Beach behind us. No problems except the last night someone called to complain we were too loud (mind you, there was a screaming child next door who didn't shut up the entire time we were there). Casino floor is ok, confusing to get through, but nothing spectacular. I do like the fact that it connects to the Luxor/Excalibur, plus there's restaurants and shops to get to. Also MB is near other casinos and the middle of the strip, which is good.
1	This review is a result of an experience with the gentlemen Enrique at the security stand next to the cashier's cage. My girlfriend lost her debit card at Daylight Beach Club on Labor Day so I contacted lost and found to see if they have it. Sure enough they had it and the lady I spoke with on the phone said I could pick it up at the security stand. When I approached the security stand and mentioned "girlfriend's debit card," Enrique immediately cut me off saying, "Listen here buddy, even if you were her spouse we're not going to give it to you. This is a matter of money, she can come down here herself and get it." I asked what time would she be able to get it, trying to fight back coughs at the same time ( I had a frog in my throat), and Enrique snapped a, "What did you say to me?" as if I was back talking him under my breath. The whole time I was interacting with Enrique it felt like he was talking down on me. He was not empathetic at all towards my cause. His general attitude was, "You're an idiot for thinking you can come down here and pick up someone else's card, despite what the lady on the phone said." As if I was an extreme inconvenience to him for approaching his security stand.Working in the hotel business myself, I'm extremely disappointed someone like Enrique is allowed to work on a Las Vegas strip property. That attitude does not belong in the hospitality business.
4	Saw Skrillex perform. Free drinks, great music, good crowd of people. Had a blast!
1	If you like DIRTY UNDERWEAR laying around your room and someone else's hair all over the bathroom, this is the hotel for you!!!Currently staying at Mandalay Bay for a conference, have stayed at The Hotel for a previous conference and have had nothing but the best experience....Mandalay Bay on the other hand....We got into our room only to discover candy on the floor and hair all over the bathroom floor and toilet!!  And that's not even the upsetting part....saw something black near our curtains and it was someone's dirty underwear!  Disgusting!!!We called the front desk and they were more than happy to move us, but that's about it....Gross!
4	Ok so we went to Vegas for a 3day weekend in Aug of last year (2012). Well this was my experience once we got in about to head in the check in line we were bombarded by a film crew asking for us to star in a short scene, I was eager to check in since it was a long hot drive, so I said "No" but my friend said yes I'll do it so that held us back a good 20 min. We got in line checked in with no problems but when we got to our room our bathroom door was broken, it off the hinges, as one of our divas called front desk to let them know what was going on they had asked "are you sure it's broken". As much as we are comfortable with each other I think we like our bathroom moments private :p. sooo as soon as my little diva got us another room, it was smooth sailing from there. The man made beach is freaking awesome loved it, and the lazy river need I say more just sit back and let it float you away!! We did have a awesome trip and a awesome stay. Hoping to do Vegas trips yearly!! :)
1	Keeps getting worse!!!Requested a late check out and they failed to mention the original key will only be active til 1, can't express enough how awful the customer service is.  The last thing I want to discover after a long day on a conference floor is an inactive key.Save yourself the trouble and stay somewhere else.  Honestly think the Super 8 would've been better...
3	Stayed here over the weekend and had a pretty good time outside the room. Casino is not to big and the wave pool is entertaining. We love people watching. Saw a guy with a tramp stamp! WTF! Went to an awesome show at HOB. "Steal Panther". Must see!Our room was ok. The kid said we a pool view and we'll be on the 3rd floor. We had a view of the roof of the building in front of the pool. Next time we'll get much higher.They said they would change it the next day and never did. But we don't go to Vegas to stay in the room.
5	We were just passing through Vegas for one night and stayed here. We were traveling cross country and had our dog with us. They were very accommodating and pet friendly. They gave him a treat and even had a menu he could order a snack from:)
5	best place ever!! i freakin enjoyed everything about this place!! will def. be returning esp for their buffet!! ten thumbs up!!
4	We usually stay at The Hotel which has really deteriorated and is changing hands, so we upgraded to a Great room here at the same price as The Hotel. HUGE bathroom and jacuzzi tub, lots of TVs you don't really need etc, internet included as it should be. Best water park in Vegas, do not miss the wave pool. We are big fans of the Mandalay Bay Complex.Quieter and more adult upscale on the SouthEnd away from The Strip imo but you can pay for a lot of taxis if you don't have a car. The Mandalay Bay complex also has some excellent restaurants, Aureole for one, and you could just stay on this property if you are tired of the strip. They also have theaters and nightclubs, and The House of Blues is a decent enough restaurant with some fine music. We DID decide to head downtown to the Golden Nugget on the weekend to try it, saving $100 on the weekend nights here without their onerous $25 resort fee PLUS TAX. Golden Nugget is nowhere near as quiet of course.
3	-Note* Review is for casino/shops/ pool area only. I don't love it nor do I hate it.Shops: They have a new renovated shops it looks great and clean.  I would probably only enter the Urban Outfitters store. Pool: I love the beach pool they have going on. They have the waves and sands in their pool.  I always have a great time here and it is never too packed here which I like. Casino: It's pretty self-explanatory. All casinos in las vegas is very similar. I do love they have these chandeliers in the ceilings, it is a very nice touch.  Overall: The casino is clean and pretty much okay.  I don't mind coming here or passing through the casino.  They offer a lot of great restaurant and they have the house of blues. Families can have a great time here and can even check out the Shark Reef in this hotel.
1	This rating is for their bell service only. This hotel has been my favorite for the past 6 years. I felt the quality of the rooms, pools and casino made it the best semi-affordable hotel in Vegas. My first trip to Vegas with my fiancee was at this hotel. We always enjoyed the tropical smell when you first enter the lobby. The high ceilings in the casino always made the air seem less smokey than others. We decided to get married at their chapel since we had such a great first experience here together. We arrived and the bellman unloaded our luggage. The wedding dress and veil were atop the suitcases. He hung the dress and veil on the luggage cart. My fiancee practically jumped out of her skin as he dropped the cases on the long wedding dress and veil pushing them aside. I grabbed the dress offering to carry them myself. He reassured me he would be careful. We checked in and were upgraded to a nice roomy suite. The bellman arrived and with 2 hands squeezed and lifted the 3 garment bags and the veil which was in a dry cleaning bag labeled with the name of the dressmaker " ___'s Bridal "on a hanger. My fiancee practically fainted after seeing this. As I am telling him that was a wedding veil and please be gentle, he shifts his hands and drops the 3 garment bags. The hanger from the garment bag rips a hole in the outer plastic of the veil. My fiancee is now in tears. She checked the veil as best she could through her tears and didn't see any damage. On our wedding day my bride is in the Mandalay Bay Silver Chapel dressing room having her veil placed on her head when her maid of honor and mom start to cry. There was a series of holes right in the front of her face! They had already used most of the 40 minutes before the ceremony to get dressed. Luckily they calmed down enough to come up with a plan. With minutes to go, they put the veil on backwards.  I was wondering why she had a look of terror in her eyes as she entered the chapel. As soon as she saw me, our eyes met and everything seemed to be alright. We had a beautiful ceremony and reception. Bell service minus 5 stars. Our favorite hotel plus one star. Memo to bell staff, please be careful with wedding dresses, they mean everything to the bride.tl;dr Torn wedding veil, tears, MacGyver fix, married. Carry your wedding dress to the room yourself or risk disaster.Follow up: Tosha, after reporting this incident we were told to file a property damage report with security. After filing a report at the security desk in the casino we waited 3 hours in our room for security to take photos of the veil. We were given a $200 credit. After leaving our number, we were told that we will receive a call from a manager. It's been four days since our stay. Although you may be pleased with your own effort, we aren't.
3	My boyfriend and I came to Las Vegas for the first time and chose to stay at Mandalay Bay. It is a nice hotel.....however, we weren't over impressed by any stretch. It is a bit further down the strip than we had hoped for. Also, be sure to specify when booking that you want a king bed if you are going as a couple. We booked online and booked a standard king room. We arrived late on a Saturday night an were told that all of the king rooms had been taken and we were going to have a room with 2 queen beds. Not the worst thing, I just like to get what I have paid for and am expecting. We probably wouldn't stay here just because we felt it was an average hotel and there are so many hotels in Vegas to choose from.
4	Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas, NV was a perfect match for my recent Vegas vacation! It was was located on the Vegas Strip, within walking distance to great attractions like the Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas sign and many other great hotel/casinos. It was close to the tram access and only a short ride from McCarren Airport. The hotels amenities included numerous great restaurants (2 by Hubert Keller), clubs (Mix Lounge has THE best view of the strip), tons of pools to lounge by and even a shark reef! As for its affordability, it was a steal. I booked through southwest.com (thanks DrivenJess & DrivenTia for stalking their website). The package included airfare, hotel stay and tickets to a Cirque Du Soleil show for what I would have planned to spend just on the hotel. Split that three ways thanks to roomies and I had a little bit left over to try my luck at the tables. Tripadvisor.com gave the hotel 4 out of 5 stars and was helpful on figuring out which restaurants to try and what attractions just weren't worth the time. The room had a great view from 32 stories up and even helped us plan our walking trip to the In & Out Burger located just off the strip. Comfy beds, a big tub and the oh so lavish telephone in the john made me fell like I was in the prince's suite but only paying the price of a pauper.
1	Upon checking at THEhotel we were aggressively sold an "upgrade" to a 2 bedroom suite at the Mandalay with the promise that the room would be "high up" in the hotel. The room turned out to be on the 6th floor, right over a roof full of air conditioners, almost directly above the tram stop, and just a couple of dozen feet from the busy ramp to the lobby. When we complained the hotel staff stated that there was nothing they could do because the hotel was full. The end.The suite it self was generally VERY dingy, dusty and shabby. The furniture was severely nicked, scratched, and gouged, some with the veneer splitting from age. There were big chunks of wood trim around the bathroom sink broken away, exposing the particle board underneath, and the trim was splitting from age and water damage. The trim around the bedroom door was falling off, not just loose, falling off, and a bedroom door handle came off in the hand of one of our party. Curtains were ripped, lamp shades were broken, there were dirty circles around door handles, and a big greasy circle around the peephole. We were somewhat encouraged that our windows still provided a partial view of the strip, but the windows were filthy.Our hypothesis is that this was a room that could never be sold for full price, so they "upgrade" guests and still have a very desirable room to sell to somebody else. It sounds like it should be illegal to me. After being rebuffed in a couple of attempts to complain one of our party suggested that we might get a comp if we keep complaining. My response was "with what, another stay at the Mandalay?" Big laugh, point taken. My position on the Mandalay at this point is: Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. It was a terrible experience, but at least I have the comfort of knowing that I can prevent it from ever happening again by not going back.
5	I may be biased when I write this review because my experience at this casino was in a penthouse suite.... my daughter enjoyed the private lounge with unlimited sodas and snacks but it did not at all take away appetite for the most amazing room service breakfast on the Las Vegas strip! Their crepes are absolutely delicious! The staff was very cautious to who entered the suite access allowing us to feel safe and secure 24/7 since the hotel is considerably large. I would not stay there any other way but in their penthouse suites. It is a perfect location for those who do not want to be in the middle of the strip party. It is a great hotel for the seasoned Vegas traveler.
4	This is the only hotel I stay at in Vegas.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  There is so much to do, that you could actually never leave the hotel.From the fantastic beach to the House of Blues to the Michael Jackson Show.
4	Lights Club was amazing music was whatever but the visuals and the dancers made it so awesome
3	I've stayed at Mandalay at least 10 times.  The first 8 or so experiences were great and I became a regular when in Vegas.  Unfortunately, the last two visits haven't been all that great.  This last visit we were supposed to have aroom with two beds but they had nothing available with two beds.   They apologized and asked us to wait until a room could be cleaned.  The front desk guy said he'd call us as soon as our room was ready and so we went for dinner and expected a call.  We went to all the trouble to check our baggage and then went for dinner.  No call for the next four hours so we went back to the froint desk and of course the guy was off duty and no one knew anything about our predicament.  To top it all of they were having trouble getting us a room at all.  We waited for what seems like ever only to be told that they would give us two rooms instead of the one room with two beds.  I made sure the guy said we'd only be charged for one room and we went to get our bags.  Trouble is that they charged my ceredit card for two rooms the second and third nights of our stay.  They did eventually adjust the bill but it was such a ridiculous hassle.  Don't know if something has changed in the last year or so but I've had a few other similar problems in the last year.
2	at first glance this place looked amazing. we walked into our room and thought wow, this is nice...then we walked around and all our happy thoughts all went away...the bathroom was dirty and had dirt balls everywhere, the sheets had blood and make up stains on them, the room and floor seemed dusty when you walked through..it just wasn't worth the price. I'm not a picky person either.. my husband and I stayed at the monte carlo before and bills and were happy with both those places for the price. my thing is, if you're going to pay more then I expect more.
4	Love it!!!  Ok to start why didn't I give it 5 stars....only because of location, the southern end of the Strip, the second to the last hotel (next to the Four Seasons), the rooms could use some deep cleaning (nothing horrible, I am just very particular - I can see deep coffee stains) and finally its hard to find something "affordable" to eat nearby.  Overall the service was outstanding, I lucked out and didn't have to stand in long lines, the pool was awesome (although they closed it a few times, I guess for cleaning or something).  Like all the other hotels its huge, I like the mall that is attached to it to lead you to the Luxor.  Overall, if  you can get a great price for a room, stay there.  I looked at the few other reviews... I asked for two King beds and I had 2 Queen beds as well, but it wasn't a big deal to me.  As far as the other bad review, beats me, my stay was good.
4	I love the Mandalay Bay.  It's definitely one of the nicer hotels on the strip and compares to other fancy resorts such as the Bellagio and Wynn.  If you're looking to take it up a notch, you can book a room at THE Hotel.  Attached to the resort, THE Hotel offers an all-suites hotel with upgraded amenities and separate luxury spa called "The Bathhouse."  Want to take it up another notch above that? The Four Seasons Hotel is located on the top four floors of the Mandalay Bay, with a separate entrance and pool.The rooms are nice and well appointed with huge bathrooms and nice amenities. There's a wide range of rooms available from the normal deluxe rooms to the Four Seasons Presidential Suite so it really caters to a wide variety of clientele.  The casino floor is extensive with more tables and slot machine than you can throw money at.  It's a nicer hotel so don't expect any $5 minimum tables here.By far the best thing about this place is the pool area, or as they call it, "The Beach."  It's called the beach because it comes complete with sand, a wave pool, lazy river and plenty of separate pools for adults and kids. They even hold outdoor concerts at the Beach during the summer season and it's really an experience not to be missed.  Where else can you see a concert on the beach for $30?  The Beach is massive and there's plenty of room to lay out, gamble, drink and socialize with your friends.  Other things to do at the Mandalay Bay include the Shark Reef Aquarium and the Michael Jackson ONE show (powered by Cirque Du Soleil).The Mandalay Bay is one of my favorite resorts on the strip.  Most hotels in Vegas charge a resort fee nowadays and the Mandalay Bay is not exempt from that.  The $25/day fee gives you internet and access to the resort gym. The only negative about this place is the location.  It's located on the far south end of the strip so you basically have to drive everywhere. If you don't have a car, be prepared to fork out plenty of money for cab fare.  But other than that, I love this place.Thanks for reading my review. If you like my content, feel free to follow my travel blog. The link is in my profile.
1	I am sad to say that i have to give Mandalay Bay a 1 star. This also extends to the "up scale" THE Hotel area. My friend and I treat ourselves to an up scale Hotel Vegas trip every year. This year we picked THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay. the problems began the second we stepped out of the car at the valet. The valet was kind and kept trying to get someone to come get our bags. I had to stay with the car while my friend went to check on. Finally i was able to join her and arrived at the front desk in time to hear the receptionist say that they had nothing available at this time which was around 12:15.  We booked the room weeks earlier and had requested an early check in which is suppose to be at 10AM, so imagine our shock when the only solution given was to check into a penthouse at the regular Mandalay Bay hotel for an extra $100 a night. As tempting as that offer was we  wanted to stay at THE Hotel. So magically there was a room available and we went up to the room to find a view of the ever beautiful parking lot. Now when we booked the room we made it clear that we wanted a Strip view because coming from the desert we don't want to stare at more desert. Upon booking we were assured that we would have a strip view. After my friend called back down to see about getting the room ORIGINALLY booked, she was informed that is was not possible not only now, but at all today or this weekend. My friend asked to speak to someone regarding changing our reservations to another hotel, soon after we were moved over to the strip side. Now once in our new room my friend called to ask the original receptionist she spoke with why she had stated that there was no way of changing rooms. However she was placed on hold to wait for her. Now when the receptionist got on the phone she immediately started speaking Spanish. now my friend has a Latin based last name but does not speak Spanish. Needless to say we were shocked by this behavior and assumption. I am happy that there are bilingual employees there to offer proper communication for guest, however, assuming someone speaks a language based simply on a last name is very inappropriate and unprofessional. After speaking to a supervisor about the entire experience , Chad offered a food and beverage credit. This was kind, but not the point. The next day we decided to go the the Bathhouse spa for a few hours. The ladies at the front desk were kind and polite. the problem we that the water at the spa began eating away at my brand new  swimsuit. I rinsed it off and continued my experience nude. Their towels were not big enough to accommodate my chest size, but i wanted to relax so i went about my private bath. Upon finishing my bath i went into the women"s locker room to shower. I saw a machine that instructs you to place your swimsuit in to prevent chlorine damage. Now this is suppose to ring out excess water, so i re-rinsed my still melting swimsuit and place it in the machine cup side down. I pressed down and the machine began shaking uncontrollably. So i release it and remove my swimsuit as instructed only to find it tore beyond repair. I* was so shocked i couldn't speak. My friend asked to speak to a manager and A woman came in asking if there was a problem.  Now i informed her that the spa began melting my swimsuit just minutes after entering the water and she stated, " I wouldn't know about that. I don't swim here." WHAT?!?!?  When i told her that there should be a warning about under-wired tops or something because this is crazy, the only thing she said was that i could talk to security.  She was already walking away when she explained i could file a lost or damaged item report. She never apologized. I never asked for compensation. I was just wanting to let her know what was happening at her spa and i was was treated with nothing but a "whatever" attitude. She never even introduced herself. We had to ask her name.I ended up filing the report with a very kind security officer and low-balled the price of my suit because this wasn't about the money. This was about customer service. even the day we left we had the valet bring the car around and instead of helping me with my 3 large bags he stood by the trunk. i couldn't believe it when he actually tried to reach inside my trunk after i had already placed the bags in there. I guess he thought he was going to help... after not helping. the bad luck continued when i found out i had left my seizure medication there... Just shoot me. I got passed around to 5 different people until security went to the room and found my medication. Now i arranged for fedex to overnight my medication at my expense (i left it so no problem) and an email confirmation was suppose to be sent. Never received it, called to check the status and it was picked up and an email was suppose to be resent...Still waiting for that email. the customer service was deplorable. It seems like THE Hotel doesn't need to make a good first impression. Save your money.
4	This is one of my favorite hotels on the strip! I personally really like the fact its at the end you get a little bit less extra foot traffic in there unlike at the Bellagio where there is hoards of extra people not staying at the hotel.....Anyway I love hpw it smells like coconuts/ sunblock in the lobby, and I've always been treated very well by the staff here. The drink service in the casino is really good too.
3	I took the opportunity to vent my dissatisfaction on a survey Mandalay Bay sent a few days after our stay. A couple of days later I received an email from Mandalay stating that the hotel had credited my credit card for the amount of the upgrade. I appreciate the good-faith effort by Mandalay make it right. There is still no way to erase the memory of that scruffy room.
4	I've never stayed in the rooms at the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino, but I hope to one of these days as this is one of my favorite casinos to visit while in Las Vegas.  What I love is the many things to see and do here as well as awesome restaurants and fun shopping.  I also like the easy access Mandalay Place Mall that takes you to the Luxor.  Mandalay Bay is also the home to Michael Jackson One, the Cirque show that I have not yet seen, but that everyone who I have talked to about it absolutely raves about how wonderful it is.Some of my favorite things are the Minus 5 Ice Bar and then the mall near that.  I like that the House of Blues has made it's home here and I LOVE RM Seafood and Fleur, some really delicious restaurants with great service.On my recent trip, I also hit up the Shark Reef Aquarium, which was small, but nicely done.Mandalay Bay has a HUGE convention/events center and the one place I haven't been, but dream of hanging out at:  THE POOL!  It looks so fun and I plan to spend some time there one of these days!All of the staff there that I have interacted with have been super friendly AND I've actually won money here gambling before.  I've just never had a negative experience at the Mandalay Bay, so hopefully, I'll one day also stay here and experience the hospitality and rooms!
3	This place has no good restaraunts. I stayed here last weekend and the food is subpar and way over priced. I like gambling at the casino but I found myself taking cabs to eat out. Kinda annoying.
2	Better only by hype, not substance.  One of the slowest check-ins in history.Non-smoking room smells very smokey. People still smoke in the corridors.The bathroom has a large window on the entry hall, so you can't let room service in the room, if someone in the bathroom wants privacy.The closets are cut in half vertically with a shelf above and hanging space below.  Great unless you want to hang a pair of men's pants - not enough room.NO IN-ROOM COFFEE,  room service (+-$20) or lobby restaurants.  A mini-fridge is $35/night.Rooms overlooking the pool, even those over 30 floors up, are noisy from the band playing until 11:00.  Neighboring rooms were having a party on their return from the casino - love to be awakened at 2:00 - noise too 3:30.  Especially appreciated if you have a 6:00 AM wake-up for a conference.Alarm clock didn't work.  A service person came up and said - hey the time is correct!  But didn't think the alarm clock function on the alarm clock not working was a problem.  Two more visits and we got a new clock radio, but the new radio didn't have iPod docking like the original in the room.  Oh well.  IPod back to car.Don't eat at Mix.This was day one.  Can't wait to see what they can f-up in the next few days.
5	my fav casino thus far!!! it has a unique coconut, flower-y scent and crisp tones everywhere.  I've been to many concerts there; I highly suggest the ones on the beach! it is fun to listen to a buffet or beach boys type band on the water.  the parking is easy for me to get in and out! ok, so the rooms: awesome! they are awesome! I like the layout and access to the rooms. I fell in love when I first met the Mandalay bay! I hope we never fight or break up. lol!!! the access to and from the Luxor is interesting and FUN! if you have a chance go to the cafe: Raffles during lunch and get some crispy buttered baked rolls! they are lovely and yummm, just watch your waistline. lol. oh, I do want to request to the cafe: please bring back the old cafe attire. idk, it was simple,.yet sharp and almost first class! thx! keep it Up
1	spent $250 to see the clippers - nuggets game at Mandalay last night. for the $250 i got the privilege of being unnecessarily hassled by arrogant and untrained Event Center and Mandalay security personnel, and then physically threatened by a drunken patron while talking to Mandalay security. The fat, lazy security guard totally refused to do anything about the guy that made the threat. Even though some of my favorite restaurants are in Mandalay Bay, I'll never spend another dime in that facility, and implore all of you to do the same.
3	We stayed at the Mandalay bay over the weekend to get away and everything was great.  The rooms are not spectacular, it does look a little dated, but there's nothing wrong with it.  The bed was very comfy(slept like a baby), there was plenty of space compare to the newer hotels, the bathrooms were clean, flat screen tv, little table and sitting area. The casino area was easy access from the rooms, very important to a gambler like me, there were a variety of games, lots of blackjack tables actually, and Asian pai gow poker room which I loved.  The restaurants were great, the buffet was so so, but overall the experience was good.  It's more like a 3 1/2 star, but since there was nothing especially memorable about the experience, I'm leaving it at 3 stars.
5	I stayed here for a company vacation. We had over a couple thousand people with us and man. Mandalay handled everything. They were amazing. I even got a sweet room upgrade. I got a spa suite. It was amazing the furniture was really cool too. The room was spacious and the bathroom was so big and pretty. I would definitely go back again.
4	Rooms are spacious and comfortable. Great choices of restaurants in the lobby.
1	My boyfriend booked a room at Mandalay Bay for my birthday trip to Vegas. We specifically picked Mandalay Bay because we had such a great time when we stayed  there 3 years ago. We couldn't wait to go back for this occasion!When we arrived to check in, we learned for the first time that Mandalay Bay- without telling us- had decided to cancel our reservation (made quite a few months earlier through Priceline) and gave our room to an IBM Convention. No effort was made to contact us ahead of time about this. We were given the weak excuse that they didn't have our contact information because we booked WHOLESALE. This was emphasized because I guess that makes it ok? We booked our flight through Priceline as well, and Alaska Airlines was able to contact us ahead of time to tell us that our flight info had changed. So somehow Alaska got our contact info through Priceline but Mandalay Bay did not. ok...The lady at the desk had a long whispered conversation with her supervisor and came back to say that we were being moved to an upgraded room at The Signature, and gave us a $150 food and beverage credit which was nice.What was NOT nice was they didn't even offer to take us to The Signature. We weary travelers were left to fend for ourselves. The supervisor never so much as glanced at us while we were asking the poor front desk clerk why and how this happened. Isn't the supervisor's job to quell situations like this? The Signature has been lovely, but again- we chose Mandalay Bay specifically for my birthday trip. Not The Signature, which is about a 10 minute walk from the casino. Also now we are tipping $5 a pop for valet parking because we decided to rent a car after all of this nonsense. Anyways, anyone looking to make reservations at Mandalay Bay beware because they apparently make it a practice to cancel your reservation and toss you into a tower far away from any casino without telling you. Especially us losers who book through a third party. Just a ridiculous experience.They did make a minimal effort to right things, but again nobody bothered to contact us ahead of time so maybe we could have planned for the change. Maybe they think it is more fun to surprise their guests with this kind of news! And their supervisors couldn't care less if you like it or not. Who doesn't love having their reservation cancelled without notice by a hotel you were specifically staying at for your birthday?Well at least we're getting some exercise walking a mile every time we want to go to the casino.
3	I'm waffling between 3 and 4 stars. I came here on a business trip, so I did not pay for the room. So, I'm going to give the Mandalay Bay 3 stars because it is pretty pricey and at the end of the strip. If I was here for pleasure, for this price I would probably stay more in the center of the strip.However, my stay here was very nice. The rooms are spacious - i had a 2 queen room which had a nice flat screen, bedside lighting, enough space for a desk and a side chair. There were two closets. One has the rod hung tall enough to hang a wedding dress or a formal. That was interesting, but made sense in Vegas. Not so convenient for a short gal, but I used the other one.The bathroom is marble with the separate "pooper" room (as my husband calls it), a glassed in shower which is separate from the jacuzzi tub (rectangular, not round). It's a relatively spacious for a hotel bathroom. The obligatory phone is by the toilet. That always makes me laugh.There is no in-room coffee pot, but I don't think there is at any hotel on the strip. This is a huge hotel with many rooms and several conventions going on but the wait for the elevator is minimal to none.The complex itself is very nice. It was unusually cold when we were there so I did not use the beach area, but it rocks. Our conference had a party there our last night and it would definitely be worth the price of the hotel room to have access to this in the summer.There are several restaurants in the complex. It is HUGE! In fact, it seemed like we were walking miles back and forth to the convention center. The restaurants were kind of pricey, but I only ate at a few as many of our meals were provided. The drinks were pricey too. $10 for a house wine or mixed drink in the casino. Once again, I am told that's Vegas.There are several clubs in the complex. One is on top of THE Hotel and it has a great view of the strip. Another one is called "Light" and it is evidently THE place to be on Wednesday night. You will see lots of crazy outfits, Cirque de Soleil folks, etc.I'm not a gambler (I know, you just stopped reading) so I can't say much about the casino part. People seemed to be having fun, but what is the point in video roulette or craps? Seems to take away all the excitement.I only went outside the casino once during 4 days. That was to jog. You even have shopping in between the Luxor and the Mandalay. Vegas is crazy.
5	Ok in November you can sit on a beach and drink margaritas! Loved the wave pool! It is heated to a nice temp,  We had a room on the 20th floor but were not in the room a lot, the bed was comfy and clean!  The soaking tub was a plus,  grab the monorail and check out the other side of the strip!!,
4	Very great hotel in general. I play baseball every year in vegas and we always have stayed at Mandalay Bay. They have great dining and an awesome pool. Whenever we come back to Vegas, we will go right to Mandalay.
5	The Mandalay Bay - The Hotel  there rooms are awesome especially the The Queen suite its nice and comfortable and roomy and at a very decent price and even more cheap if your with Mlife !!!
3	You read the Yelp reviews and wonder sometimes if someone just has an axe to grind or if the the writer is trying to be fair.  I rate the hotel a 3.5.  First off the hotel is very clean, This is always a top priority.  Most reviews had that and I agree.  It was funny but I read a few reviews that said the walls were thin and I laughed.  Not laughing after I got home last night.  I could hear one side, someone coughing all night had to call security because a bozo on the other side was blasting music at 3 in the morning.  The walls are pretty thin for a newer hotel   To there credit security got up there pretty quick.  The room were very nice and the bathroom was spacious.  The sports book  is one of the nicest we saw.  However they try to nickel and dime you on drinks watching football.  On Saturday the server nicely told us that each table had a two drink minimum.   It was 9:30 in the morning???   My two friends and  I had about three thousand riding and you are going to charge us for drinks??    My other complaint.  $13.00 for a mixed drink with a measured shot??   Really.  Also high table stakes.  15 Minimum on all games on Friday and Saturday for the most part.  Not so bad for blackjack but I like table games like craps and by the time you buy odds, even at minimum bets you have a lot of cash up on the table.  I walked over to Luxor and played there for 5 and 10.  I have to say the Luxor casino was packed, I would not say Mandalay was empty, but you could find  tables pretty easy at peak times.  The card room at Mandalay was very nice and the dealers and wait staff were very helpful.  I had breakfast at the house of Blues.  Nice staff but SLOOOOOW.  Also food came out cold first day.  i let it go.  Food came out cold second day, i sent it back.  Quality was good but who wants cold eggs.  And toast was extra??   Come on, really.  would not go back there for breakfast again,  Thy book and the cleanliness were a big plus.  The prices were a draw back.  Also would have been nice to have a fridge you could use instead of a fridge packed with overpriced items.  If they did not try to get every last penny out of your pocket, I would have given them a higher rank.
5	My wife and I stayed here this past weekend and it was a great place to stay. We were very impressed with the service, the physical plant, and the activity inside the casino. I would tell anyone I know that this is a great place to stay and a very nice hotel. Our room was beautiful and clean, the people were very nice, and most of all it was very FUN! I really enjoyed our stay here, and we had a great time at the wine bar: http://www.charliepalmer.com/aureole-las-vegasAlso, if you love sharks, you gotta check it out. I actually ran through the exhibit with a Go Pro on my head, which should be a lot of fun once we see the footage! ;)
3	Pretty much always the same. Nice rooms.  Clean place.  Hands always in your pockets.  Careful.  You will lose all your money BEFORE you even get to the casino.
3	Not bad. Prepare to walk, the place is huge. Attended a meeting at their attached convention center. My room was a .64 ml. walk to the South convention center. Good exercise. Good water pressure, plenty of hot water, clean, friendly & helpful staff. Great views, small store, Starbucks, generic coffee stop & a variety of restaurants to choose from. On the tram line and not a far walk from the MGM area.
1	With over a thousand rooms I guess what can you expect, their motto is get em in and get em out".  I had a wine and snack gift basket sent to the hotel for my brother.  It got their the morning of the day he arrived.  I called and after being passed to many people I was finally able to ask someone to please see that the basket got to his room along with 2 wine glasses and a wine bottle opener.  That was a HUGE request for them.  No can do.  That night they brought to his room 2 wine glasses and the wine opener but no basket.  It took several calls the next day to finally get them to get the basket to someplace near the front desk so my brother could go and pick it up himself.  Not good!  Really bad customer service.  I don't care how great the hotel may be otherwise, they sure do fall down on anything even a bit out of the ordinary.  Lots of places to stay in Las Vegas, I'd choose another hotel if it were me.
4	I like this place alot. This place has a nice pool. I used to stay her before they added the 20 dollars a day resort fee. The room are big nice and comfy. hotwire has deals on this place. Only thing i didn't like was how far the rooms are from the parking. Get a bell hop if you have alot of stuff. Besides that and the resort fee i love this place. Location is at the end of the strip but if you have a car it doesn't matter.
1	This place honestly does not even deserve 1 star. I stayed at the hotel last Saturday and was completely dissatisfied and grossed out. The rate for the hotel was particularly high on the day I went, but from my good previous experiences at the hotel it was not a problem. I checked into my room and the first thing I noticed was the dirty carpet, the carpet was all black and stained and looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a while. When I walked in the restroom, the bathtub was yellow and had multiple stains and what seemed to be cigarette ashes. When I went to the bed, the bed skirts were all black and stained, and when I flipped the pillow over, they were all stained and black. It seemed like the housekeeping just used the same pillow and flipped it over. I ended up calling the guest services to request for a room change, but surprisingly all the rooms in this huge hotel were booked. The housekeeping lady who cleaned supposedly cleaned our room came to talk to us, and all she said was, the hotel is old and there is not enough bed skirts and supplies today, so the room is not as clean, what kind of an excuse is this. I was going to stay a second night, but I quickly switched hotels the next day. This hotel use to be my favorite one, but it definitely is not the same anymore.
2	Came to gamble and buy tickets for the show. Asked a waitress for a drink said it wasn't her area. Set down and played for a hour no on came or asked if we needed anything. Service in the casino sucked..
2	This is our second stay and only stayed here because of our previous positive experience. This time was very different. The view from our strip-view room was fantastic, however the airport and traffic noise can be loud. They also charge a "resort fee" to cover costs of things that, apparently, people won't pay for otherwise, like wifi. The humorous thing about that is they say wifi is now complementary!! Really? I (like apparently others) will just use my personal hotspot or 3/4G!! Now to the room. I've stayed in cleaner Motel 6's. There was what my wife called boogers on the shower walls and something like dried Bon Ami (or Barkeepers Friend) on the bottom of the tub. The carpet may have been vacuumed sometime since we were last here 4 1/2 years ago. There was an empty 1L water bottle under the chair and a bottle cap under the chaise. I used the ice tongs to remove the cap and put them in the tub with the rest of the used towels expecting to get a new one (more on that later). I called housekeeping and advised them of the weak attempt at cleaning the room and they said they would take care of the situation. Off we go for the day......We come back 6 hours later to get ready for our romantic dinner (we HIGHLY recommend Mon Ami Gabi in the Paris!!!!!! The filets are OUTSTANDING!!!!!) expecting to find a room that was sparkling clean. Well.... Still disappointed. The glass I left on the desk was still there where I left it. It appeared they wiped the desk AROUND the glass!! The plastic bag was still in the ice bucket with yesterdays melted ice. The lid was on the bucket (?) and tongs on top. Now, am I to believe we got clean tongs? I think not!!!! The carpet appeared to have been vacuumed this time, BUT... I had some raisins for a snack and spilled a couple on the floor. I figured this would be a good test and left them on the floor; in plain sight under the desk. They were still there when we got back. Continuing on to the bathroom. It looked clean, but only one of the glasses was replaced. The paper coaster was replaced.....  I had to call the desk for a clean glass. This was our last stay here and next time will be at The Hampton Inn!!!
3	Well, the customer service sucked as I was tricked to paying for two nights when I only wanted to stay for one night. No one was willing to help me fix the problem, and I had no reply from the management. All I wanted was my money back for the night I was YET to stay!!That bad service aside, I do like the hotel itself. I like the bathroom and the table in the room. The bed is ok. I didn't like the sheets. One of the typical Las Vegas hotels which can provide luxury at a very reasonable price. Rather, at a low price.
4	We stayed at the Mandalay Bay for 3 nights as part of a road trip. Booked through their booking line for the best price. The valet service is great but be prepared to wait about 10 minutes before you get through the line. All staff is very friendly and helpful. The concierge are extremely willing to help! The room on the 26th floor was great, spacious, with amazing beds. The view of the airport and partially of the strip was also nice. The bathroom was so big we couldn't wait to take a shower and a bath there. Everything was very clean. BUT-our main criticism would be the toilets. There was no ventilation in the toilets which we found challenging a times :) we thought it was very unsuitable for a hotel of such quality to provide such a low standard of toilets. The casino at the hotel is good. And the Light club is amazing!!!! Great club and music with shows by the Cirque de Soleil crew! Get a promoter to put you on the guest list because guests are not guaranteed entrance as the club is not part of the hotel...We did not get the chance to use the pool as it was winter. The location in the south strip is good but you have to walk a bit or catch a tram to get more central. There is a free tram to the Luxor and Excalibur. Overall, a great stay in Las Vegas with great facilities and a good base to see vegas from!
4	I mean let's face it, pretty much ever hotel in vegas is HUGE and this one was too! I love their casino better than any other one! Staff are friendly and welcoming and it's so much cleaner looking than any other casinos on the strip! I wish that they had cleaned the bath tub a little bit better and the bathroom door didn't slam shut every time, but other than that we absolutely loved our room and our stay! I love how they have 5 lights in the room and another 4 in the bathroom and one in each closet!!! The aquarium at the front desk is so pretty and it's not huge but you just never could get tired of looking at it! Another great thing about Mandalay Bay is that their towels are soft and fluffy! I swear they have the best towels on the strip! lol I don't know if it's that guests are happier there or just happier people stay there but everyone around guests and staff are so pleasant to be around!I cannot wait to come back! Please give me a better view next time though!
5	This hotel smells like heaven (or Hawaii) throughout. What a restful, beautiful, and impressive place to stay amidst the hubbub of Las Vegas. I can't imagine staying anywhere else anytime soon. Staff is so gracious as well, and you don't come away smelling like an ashtray either.
3	I have stayed here twice.  I like the concept of being a "resortist."  You get a room key which acts like an all access pass to the waterpark/beach and for charging expenses to your room.  The public areas are great, indoors and out.  It's clean and large.  They have a lazy river, wave pool and other sunning areas.  I like most of the restaurants in this hotel.  They have a separate ticketing procedure for concerts at the "beach."The valet line is long and the cab line is long, perhaps because of its location at the south end of the strip.The bad part is that unlike other hotels, they do not slip your bill under your door before checkout (although I think you can request this).  Instead they email your invoice to you within 7-10 days of your stay.  Both times I stayed, the invoice did not have line item expenses listed, only a lump charge for all costs.  I made multiple charges using my guest key and wanted an itemized receipt.  You have to contact their accounting department via e-mail for billing inquiries.  They promise a response in 10 days (which is too long).  Both times they did not respond within 10 days.  Management had to get involved.  Although I do enjoy my time here, this is a billing hassle.  What is designed to be easy, is in fact, not easy at all.  I gave them the benefit of the doubt after my first experience and did choose to stay a second time, only to have the billing fiasco repeated.I had similar billing experiences as did the other yelp reviewers: Tim M of AZ, and Snow C of TX.
5	Professional and courteous staff. Free wifi in the room for work and no overrides on the tv so you can relax and play games. Living it vegas style!  Thank you!
3	I stayed at Mandalay Bay for two nights. I encountered unnecessary problems with internet and other charges. I was charged from using the Crystal Card Promotion which shouldn't have happened. The internet only worked for me the first night. After logging out it didn't work the next few days. They even sent an IT guy to help and he said that people with apple computers mostly have problems with their internet.
5	a band called Fun played my party here.   How cool is that?  I've been here many times, always enjoy it.  Best place to stay is the Four Seasons inside Mandalay Bay.
1	Sexually harassing valet staff!!   My night and Mandalay was fine and very upscale until I turned my valet ticket into the valet office and had the guy behind the counter ASK ME IF I WAS A HOOKER? !!! And proceeded to ASK WHAT I AS A WOMAN WAS DOING OUT SO LATE THEN ?!!!  I am not a hooker. I was wearing my black slacks and flat shoes from my bar tending job at another casino.  2 am is not late when you work till midnight! The most unprofessional sexist creepy experience I've ever had in Vegas - congrats Mandalay!  Where do you find such horrible people to represent you!Emailed Tosha (see below) and Discussed with management.  We will see.
1	I was excited to come and see the #ACAs and was told at the beginning of the show that photos could be taken as long as the flash wasn't used. About 10 minutes into the show, a security guard grabs my shoulder to the point that it's extremely sore, and tells me that photography is not welcomed, and he would remove me from the concert if I didn't stop. Don't tell me I can do something if I can't, and certainly don't be so rude and hurtful when telling me. Don't waste your money here. There are other casinos much friendlier. I won't be back, and I'll be sure to let as many as possible know.
1	I have stayed Mandalay  Bay numerous times . This review was for Feb 2012.We loved "Mandalay Beach and all the restaurants such as 'Aureole and Rm Seafood". My husband and I decided to stay here for short vacation and little escape from our everyday normal life. I was very excited to get such great rate we booked "spa suite". I  understand why it was so cheap because the service and accommodations have gone down extremely over the years. First of all when we walked into our room we were very pleased of the room size but the view not so much . The view was air conditioning vents and the parking lot. We called the front desk and they said we would have to pay upgrade and move the next day. So we decided to suck it up and stay. I decided to check out the bathroom and it smelled like urine but the spa tub was nice. Just overall this experience at Mandalay bay was horrible.
3	My first time here. I probably won't come back as the "bang for the buck" doesn't make sense for me. When I got here they ran out of my room and I got upgraded which was kind of nice. The staff is over the top amazing (except for the security guy who called my room and mumbled something and hung up on me) but my room ac wasn't working, my curtains were broken and one of the TVs was not working at first. This place is newer than them MGM but lacks a lot of the technological amenities of the MGM. The MonteCarlo a little bit north provides an equally nice room for a little bit less money. As for the casino, I don't gamble much but it's one of the nicer ones in town. They do a good job of filtering the air. If you self park be prepared to hike a ways to get to the lobby. Oh yeah, and the buffet here includes booze if you're so inclined.
2	Hotel used to be very nice has gone downhill fast. Room was dirty hair in the shower since day 1 not mine (I'm bald). Place is in dire need of renovation. Water was off when I tried to shower so cross country travel should be a treat today. Told the checkout lady about my negative experience got a simple "sorry". Was here for an event. Plan ur events elsewhere too many other hotels that are newer and nicer. Don't know what they could have done at checkout to appease me as I was leaving but something more than sorry would've been better the group I was with spent 6 figures here for this show. Dining is nice but rooms are horrible.
2	If you are looking for an easy check-in, check-out process don't come here. I reserved a King Suite, I got a room with a double queen bed (for my husband and myself). I called to confirm my reservation the morning of arrival and was told my KING SUITE was reserved and everything was fine. I get to the hotel and was told that they sold out of them, but I could pay an additional $70 a night to get a different suite with a view (a view? who cares??). I was given some attitude when I pointed out that my husband and myself were a little disappointed and was told "sorry, nothing I can do" by the man at check-in as he handed us the room keys to the room we didn't want. Given that it was a holiday weekend, I figured and it was really busy and everyone is a little on edge, so I didn't stick around to argue with the man. So the weekend goes by with no further issues. *Side note, this hotel was cheap, but not worth paying for the cab rides back and forth to be in the "action". I should have stayed somewhere else, but I was with a group and they chose this hotel.* So, when I arrived home I receive an email asking for my review of the hotel. Gladly! I was going to email a complaint anyways! I tell them honestly what had happened and that I was overall a little disappointed with the lack of customer service with my issue. Here is where it gets super annoying. I receive and email back saying I would receive a credit of $325. I am thinking "WOW this hotel has totally changed my mind! I cannot believe they were going to comp my room! I will definitely stay there again!" ya...I was thinking that they actually care about their customers' opinions and were legitimately sorry for screwing up our reservation. Maybe they were just busy and the staff was having a bad night when I arrived and it isn't usually so unorganized!  So today I check my credit card balance online and see that I was given a credit of $56. So I call to ask what was going on. 20 minute hold time for disputes. woman transfers me to the hotel guest services. I talk to 2 different people in guest services. 40 minutes later they tell me "Oops we actually only wanted to credit you $56. Sorry." The supervisor then hung up on me as I was mid sentence.   I don't know about anyone else, but when it is mid December (holiday season!) and I think am going to be receiving $325 and I only get $56, I am pissed! So now for the moral of this story. They aren't just having a busy/bad day. They really are just extremely unorganized and rude.
4	This hotel is at the end of the strip, which makes it hard to travel to the end of the strip like to the Wynn and Encore, but this is definitely a very nice hotel.  I stayed at the Mandalay Bay this August.  The room was very nice, the beds were fresh and comfortable and their front desk service was surprisingly pleasant.I forgot to bring my razor and I only have few minutes to shave my legs before I went out lol.  I called the front desk, and my razor was delivered to me in 5 min!  For the price I paid, I definitely got a luxury hotel service.I also like the clubs and restaurants in the hotel. :)
4	Stayed here for my friends "Dirty Thirty" birthday weekend. We got one of the suites and it had a "sweet" view - hahaha! Excuse the lame joke... The hotel is located at the far end of the strip next to Excalibur and New York New York. There is a tram that takes you over to New York New York but thats as far as it goes. The hotel offers a buffet which was actually pretty good. We took advantage of the Sunday Champagne Brunch. On our last day the hotel front desk was able to give us a late check out of 1:00 PM which was super helpful. Overall the space was clean, beds were comfortable and the stay enjoyable.
3	One of the 'so called' elite casino on the strip!  It's nicely decorated.  The casino is large.  The staff is friendly.  But it's really not on the top of my list as far as casinos go.  Let's start with the good.  The pool is probably the best in Vegas.  Period.  The casino is high class. The rooms are great.  I like it here.  But with all the casinos in town, I usually don't think about coming here.  First of all, it seems to be far away or better yet, nothing seems to be close by.  Sure you got the Luxor and Excalibur, but both of those places just don't do it for me.  2nd, the shopping is better than most casinos but cannot match the Caesar's Forum or the Venetian Grand Canal Shoppes.  Third, other than gambling, there isn't something else to do. Fourth, the restaurant choices, while good, are not on the top of my must do list while in Vegas. Fifth, the shows here don't compare to the other great shows on the strip.  Sixth, the rewards program never seems to reward me.  Seventh, the hotel is expensive. I prefer staying mid-strip where all the action is and walking distance to a bunch of other activities.  Eighth, the odds seem worse here than other casinos.  I do like this place; I just there were more to do to keep me here or at least be cheaper to stay.
1	I recently stayed here for a company event and they have definitely taken their eye off the ball.  For example. My room wasn't cleaned for 3 of the 5 days that I was there.
2	When I first first arrived in Vegas with my boyfriend, Mandalay Bay appeared to be a nice looking hotel with a laid back, but sophisticated vibe. The staff at check-in and concierge were fantastic and very helpful, and our room was spacious and nicely decorated. The overall experience, however, was mixed.Unfortunately, we found the house keeping standards to be low, and our experience with the cleanliness of the room were not positive. One of the towels left for us had large stains all over it, and upon close inspection there were small blood stains that were not washed off on the inside of the shower glass from the previous occupant. In hindsight we probably should have complained, but not wanting to cause a fuss we remained silent on the matter thinking to be simply a case of bad luck. Over the next couple of days other towels seemed to have minor stains on them and were pretty rough. This probably reflects the age of the towels being used but was still a little disappointing overall. In addition, one of the nights we also found stains on the sheets as well. This led to the nightly tradition of checking all towels before we took showers.Another fault we found with the hotel was that the walls between rooms felt a little thin. We were woken up by our neighbors in the mornings and practically able to hear every word that was being said. This was frustrating at 8am when we were trying to relax and enjoy our vacation, and all we could hear was cursing and loud voices.Mandalay Bay, like all of Vegas' hotels, allows smoking  which can be a little bit of a shock if you come from a more clean, non-smoking environment like we do. In the state I am from smoking is not permitted indoors or within 20 feet of a building, so that came as a surprise to me. The air freshener scent used to cover up the smell of smoke wasn't the best smell either. We left Vegas with a bit of a cough and left a lot of blood on our tissues when needing to blow our noses. We understand this is not just a Mandalay Bay thing but it does impact on ones ability to enjoy the Vegas experience. This being said, we are the minority when it comes to this topic and it in no way affected our rating, it is just a note to those who are new to Sin City like we were.Mandalay Bay also features a classy looking bar and lounge located on the top floor of one of the hotels you can usually get free admission into, but be prepared to pay a bit for drinks (around $11 for basic spirits). This club also comes with a wonderful view of the strip and an outdoor viewing deck, but don't expect to go enjoy the view or get a few pictures, this area is roped off for private parties along with the majority of the seating. You are left to lean against a wall with your $11 drink and watch the private party enjoy themselves. Because we got our reservations online Mandalay included a $75 gift card to the Crystal shops. All these stores are designer and carry nothing for $75. That being said, it also included the Starbucks (Also more expensive) bus this was able to buy us coffee, snacks and breakfast for the entirety of our stay. It is cool they included Starbucks, because otherwise we would not have used the card, and it saved us money. This kindness was highly appreciated. Lastly, The pool, which Mandalay is known for.... IS CLOSED IN WINTER. I understand that this is to save some money, and many people would not use it. However the pool was one of the main reasons I picked the hotel. They did not inform us of the closure until we checked in. Coming from a cold location, Vegas is not that cold to me and I would have liked to enjoy the beach pool.Located at the bottom of the strip, Mandalay Bay can sometimes feel a little far away from other hotels and attractions, but the free monorail service between Luxor and Excalibur was a useful and convenient service. Overall however, we found better attractions that suited us at other hotels, and the disappointing house keeping standards left us a little underwhelmed with what appears from the outside to be a beautiful looking hotel.
4	Not a bad place to stay. We booked a room for $80 a night on Expedia, plus a $30 room fee in December. I've seen that it's been much more expensive before. The room was fairly large, and we were able to upgrade to a double queen bed room after asking one of the guys at the lobby for any "guest comps" for rooms that weren't being used. They do have the "M" life membership card. It's free to sign up, and it came with a $30 voucher (with an increase in value the more you gamble) good for places to eat. There were apparently a lot of places to eat there, but we stuck with Citizens instead.Bottomline: not bad. I've stayed at worse hotels in Vegas before. It's a bit far from the other hotels on the Strip, since it's one of the first ones you see coming in.
1	I used to love this place but not anymore. When it comes to their customer service... They suck big time.. Including their security for the casino. Coming out from their new club... They called their head of security to come and talk to us and he was nothing but rude. My brother in law was upset because someone in the club spit on his wife. The short, bald security manager just yelled at him and got in his face. They told us to leave and didn't even say anything about the other people in the club. Great job btw. Those same people who spit on my sister-in-law ended up stealing my friends purse. Again, great job. Before any of this happened, we were at the jay z show. Before it even started, we had to wait for 45 minutes because they couldn't read our seat numbers on our tickets. The usher made it seem like we snuck in even though they had to scan our tickets to get passed the security guards. When the manager came back after 45 minutes of doing nothing... She just said, 'ok, you're ready to go.' Didn't explain anything to us and walked away.  Again, great job. -_-
2	I've had worse and I've had better. I remember coming here when the hotel was new and it was exciting to be in the casino. Heck, it was exciting to be in the lobby. No more. Tired, bored croupiers and a seemingly endless stream of Stripwalkers with strollers and beer yards. Oh, boy... will this keep people wanting to come back? On the plus side, a great venue in HOB and the beach, whilst crowded and hot, is a great place for young twenty somethings
4	Stayed here for Christmas and it was great! The staffs were welcoming, decor was beautiful, and our room view was spectacular. We originally reserved our room through Hotel.com, but upon check-in we were told that our room was being put on hold for another party so we had to wait 20 minutes to get it all sorted out. Everything was great in the end though. We received a full upgrade from a deluxe room to a suite on the 61st floor (what more can you ask for?) with an amazing view of the strip and the Mandalay Bay sign. It was even more beautiful at night! The suite itself was really spacious. It has two restrooms, a separate standing shower and jacuzzi bathtub. There's two mini fridges in the kitchen/minibar area with a TV there and another TV in the living room, bedroom, and bathroom. As for the location, it's the first hotel you see entering the strip and it is the farthest from everything else. They also have their own aquarium at the Convention Center not too far away  which is great for the holidays because Santa is in (only during weekends though)!
1	Resort was closed for winter still had to pay for it. Also there is tax on the resort fee.
1	We traveled to Las Vegas 10 times in 2012 and 3 times in 2013. The best hotels were Trump International a (5 Plus Stars) , Aria (5 Plus Stars), The M (5 Plus Stars), and Vdara a (5 Star as well). We don't go to gamble, so we like the smoke free resort feel, of the newer hotels. Last week we stayed at The Hotel and we were less than impressed. As a matter of fact the last time we stayed at Mandalay Bay we were not happy either. There was a convention in town and the wait at the elevators to get back to our room was 20 minutes each time, never book there during a convention. I had originally booked Mandalay Bay this trip as well because of the price, but we received a upgrade for $25.00 per night for a mini suite at The Hotel, so we went with the upgrade. The Hotel staff and Mandalay Bay staff are not very friendly or knowledgeable. The mini suite was extremely small, the hotel is dark, and sounds like you are in a wind tunnel. They authorize the full amount on your credit card regardless of how much you spend in incidentals, in our case for two nights we were charged $200.00 and spent only $6.99 in incidentals. Now we are waiting for a refund of $193.01 that should show up in a "few days". If they charge each guest $100.00 a night extra and then take a week to refund your money, Im curious as to how much interest they earn each year by doing this. I just got off the phone with a front desk manager at Mandalay Bay asking for a explanation and she said its a Nevada Law. I explained to her that no other hotels did this and she flippantly said she wasn't  going to call all the other hotels and ask their policy. But I stated that she just told me this was a Nevada Law. Then she said she way trying to help me, and if I didn't want to be helped she was going to terminate my call. Skip Mandalay Bay and The Hotel. Oh and the elevators in The Hotel fit (5 people) so even if all else was acceptable, being crammed into those tiny elevators was a joke. I will never book there again no matter what the price, wouldn't stay again if it were free.
2	Nice enough place, but expensive hotels should at least have a little bit of noise containment, and this one doesn't.
2	This review is based only on visiting the hotel for attractions, restaurants, etc. You can see my reviews for House of Blues and Shark Reef Aquarium. My biggest frustration with the hotel is the horrible signage for visitor parking. I have been to many places on the strip and this one was by far the hardest to figure out where to park at. I would think you would want to make it easy for people to visit your establishment.
2	Stayed here for NYE. The rooms are spacious but the furniture is outdated. They did not clean our room one day and thought nothing of it. We asked room service if we could have a knife to cut some limes with for our drinks and they wanted to charge is $4. Ridiculous. Our flight got delayed to 11pm due bad weather and the latest check out they could give us was noon saying they were at full capacity. That was a lie because the lady at the front desk offered to extend the stay by one night for $130. Yeah right. All we wanted was a late afternoon check out. The shopping is also terrible. Would never stay here again.
1	If I could give zero starts I would. Customer service there is far from being good. I heard so many good things about this hotel so when I saw a good deal on expedia.com for this hotel I took it right away. I had few problems with them that would make me think twice before I'll stay there again.We checked-in fine. Problems started the next day. We went for a trip and left a "do not disturb" sign on the door. When we returned back, there were no sight outside the door and the room was cleaned. Don't get me wrong, I have no problem with them cleaning my room, but it was surprising that they ignored my request. Ok that wasn't a big deal.Second problem I encountered was when they charged me at checking-out. The deal included 2 buffets per day meaning it has been prepaid by me before I arrived.. Buffets over there are pretty expensive, so when I was charged for 2 of them at check-out I it wasn't something I was happy about. It was over $200. They said that they will resolve the issue, and I will be reimbursed. Well, I got only half not the whole amount they charged me. So, I would have to call them again and try to get the rest of the money somehow. And the last problem that finally got me was with the lost and found department. I managed to leave some valuables in the safe of the room I stayed in. I mean I realized it was my mistake, but still expected a little more understanding from them. I called in two hours after I checked-out asking them to go to the room and take my things out of the safe. I was told that someone went right away and I will receive a call back within 30 minutes. After not hearing from them for 4 hours I called again just to hear the same story, the room is still free and someone was on the way to the room. Same I heard the next day and the next day. When I called again on the fourth day I was told that they couldn't go into the room since it was occupied that day and they would have to wait for the people from that room to leave. I was very patient all this time, but when I heard that I finally lost it and told them that I didn't appreciate them lying to me all the time when no one actually did anything. Guess what? They hanged on on me. The bottom line it took them 4 days to recover my items and only after I yelled at them, then they sent the items to me via FedEx and charged me for that of course.  I believe it would be nice to hear some apologies from them, but I have no hope they would ever do that.
4	This review is only for the shark aquarium - my wife and I were in Vegas just the two of us so we were looking for some more relaxing things to do.  The price increased from some previous reviews I read, it was now $18 per adult.Overall we really liked this place - from the huge Komodo Dragon when you first come in to the piranha pool, sting rays, jelly fish, and tons of other varieties of fish, there is a lot to see.  The tank with all of the sharks in it is gigantic.  There are some very interesting varieties, including one which looks like it has a huge saw sticking out of it's face!  good stuff.  and one of the largest turtles I have ever seen (bigger than the ones I saw scuba diving in Maui).
4	I've stayed here many times, so I obviously think it's a good hotel.  I particularly like it during the summer because of the pool area (wave pool, lazy river).  The thing I didn't like about my last stay here (during Christmas) was the fact that the cafe is not open 24 hours.  They have some decent food selections but having the cafe as an option would have been helpful.  Rooms are pretty spacious; I especially like that they have double sinks (great when you share the room with others).
5	South end of the strip makes it hard to see the other parts of the strip but this place has it all! Beautiful rooms, Great places to eat, Lots of entertainment, Friendly Staff, Nice Bars, AWESOME POOLS!!!!! Casino is very nice with lots of options for gaming. The Shark Reef is okay, I think this is something you would bring the kids to and they would love it.  The Tram will take to you Luxor / NYNY area but if your walking be prepared to put on some miles on those shoes. I would stay here again! We loved it even if it's far away from everything else.
5	This is a review for the concierge service provided by Holly Magiera on the phone.I am traveling across the country from DC to San Francisco and naturally Vegas is a location to visit. I am not in Vegas yet, but I am trying to find a place in Vegas that allows bunnies. It's not like I can sneak in a suspicious bag of moving creatures in a place with more cameras than a Hollywood studio or a high class porno.Anyway, I called and asked if they take rabbits. Instead of Holly just saying no, she called and researched locations online, called to confirm their details, called neighboring hotels, called veterinary offices, and even found information from the House Rabbit Society about traveling with pets across the country and boarding pets. Despite it being a busy time at night and me not even being a guest, I never had anyone so proactive and helpful based off of a simple request. I was literally blown away with how helpful she is. Never have I had service like this ever.Holly set the paramount archetype of how customer service should be.  If I encountered people half as good as her I'd still be happy.
4	I like Mandalay Bay. The rooms are big, nice bathrooms and comfortable bed. The vibe in the hotel is a bit strange. I'm here on a conference and the casino is pretty empty. When I went up the street to Cosmopolitan, it was going off. I guess it depends on the week you're here. My only complaint, the room was kinda drafty and not enough blankets for the bed. Otherwise, I would stay here again.
5	Beautiful, clean hotel. Not trashy like many Las Vegas hotels tend to be. Katie in guest services was so helpful.
3	Just got back from spending two nights here. Go somewhere else. It's an ok hotel. As for the room, decent size for bedroom and bathroom. The bed was used and abused. Uncomfortable! View of the strip was great! The casino floor is big with many games to play. As for the valet now, HORRIBLE!!!!! Do yourself the favor and not valet your car here. It took them 50 min to get my car out! Completely unacceptable! I was late for a dinner because of this. I did complain about this.
4	Stayed at the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino on a weekend in early January.  You can really get your money's worth during the winter months.  Staff and service were friendly and helpful.  I did not think this level of service existed in Las Vegas anymore.  Big props to management for ensuring this level of service is consistently experienced at every turn throughout such a large resort.  Check-in/out: (grade: A)  Minimal waiting, friendly and accomodating staff, great lobby ambiance.  What more can you ask for?  Unless you are coming at a peak time, or a completely unreasonable guest, I can't imagine one having negative experience.Room (grade: A-)   Overall very consistent with a 3.5/4 start hotel room.  I was placed in a 28th floor room with a pool view.  I found it to be nicely appointed overal.  It was clean, had no funny smells,  or stains.  I think the TV in the bathroom sticks out like a sore thumb, and in this day of age, is not so much of a novelty anymore.  I wish the provided tollietries were a bit more high end, and I would have otherwise  given an A grade for the room.  If you are a light sleeper, you will be able to hear the jets taking off in the mornings.  You are probably fine if you ask for a room away from the airport.Be aware there is a resort fee.  My guess is they have to have it to normalize their hotel margins with all those casino room comps and resort credits being offered to Mlife players.  But at least they did a great job of being up front about it.  I was probably notified it three times during the booking process, twice more at check-in.   I can't imagine anyone getting all their money's worth out of the items and services offered through the resort fee.  I partook of only the wifi, and the connection speed was acceptable.  Food:  (grade: B+)  At the Bayside Buffet, the food was a dissapointment.  Service was great though, and we did not have to wait too long in line.  Weekend pricing was in effect.  Seafood was second tier.   Considering the regular the weekday price, the food quality is on par.   But if Mandalay needs to charge more during the weekends, there has to be more value provided to the guest.  I would have been very dissapointed if I did not have a food and beverage credit as part of my stay to offset the price.  Set your expectations higher than Sizzler, and Golden Corral, but lower than Wynn or Wicked Spoon buffets.Noodle Company salvaged the food grade for my stay.  Great food here.  A bit pricey though.  I think they were a little understaffed so the service was a little slow.  But an overall great experience at the Noodle Company.  The place is huge.  Many other things to experience at the resort.  Yes the big pool is closed during the winter.  I want to come back and experience Shark Reef and perhaps the nightlife options.
4	The Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino was the second hotel I stayed in on my trip to Las Vegas. Having left the LVH pretty content, we were really just impressed overall! The wait time for check in was considerably less, the rooms between our group (3 rooms) were all great and all had great views. We actually felt spoilt moving from the LVH to Mandalay Bay. In our room, my girlfriend and I had our own sink and mirror each on an elongated counter, with a small personal TV in the bathroom. The bathroom also had a separate bath and new, very clean shower cubicle. The room style and facilities were great, no problems and the room service had made it perfect. Unlike the LVH previously, the corridors didn't hum of smoke (in a no smoking area) and were really well decorated. The casino also didn't wreak of smoke, which quite a few do (coming from the UK, we're not really used to smoking in-doors anymore!). They actually may have sprayed some kind of almond/vanilla like scent/air freshner in the air-con?! Really pleasant.The 4 days we stayed at the Mandalay Bay, we really enjoyed ourselves. A really great casino & hotel, classy and host of the great 'Michael Jackson - One' show! Thumbs up all round.
4	This is my first time booking with Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino. I was very pleased with my experience here. Costumer service is excellent. They treated me like a princess. They gave me a room with a beautiful view and in the upper floors. Very child friendly. The Shark Aquarium is great for children! Too bad the resort (swimming pools) were closed due to winter maintenance. Overall I enjoyed my stay here.
5	I wrote a review here before about the concierge here so we decided to stay. The staff here is so nice compared to many of the other hotels I've stayed at. The room itself was gorgeous. Marble, his & hers sinks, a huge tub, a shower, a separate room for the toilet. It was so spacey. I was initially concerned that we would hear the neighbors above or next to us, but that really wasn't the case. The only drawback of this place is that it is pretty far South on the strip but there are trams you can take for free. I'd come here again, no question.
4	This review is just for the casino, not for the rooms.  Mandalay Bay is one of the better-looking casinos on the strip. However, it's very different than many of the other casinos in that it's not even close to the gimmicky-ness that is proudly boasted by casinos such as Paris, The Venetian, Treasure Island, etc. Nice casino to gamble/eat/watch shows in, pretty relaxed atmosphere and not as crowded as some of the others since it's at one end of The Strip.  I like that it doesn't smell like cigarette smoke on the floors either. Friendly staff.If you want to visit the Shark Reef, plan in advance and don't wait for your last day in Vegas to do it, because lines can get incredibly long during prime tourist season and tickets have been sold out before.
4	I've stayed here a handful of times for conventions, and am always grateful for the comfy beds, quiet rooms, beautiful view, and variety of amazing restaurant choices within the hotel. Call the night before if you're ordering room service for breakfast. Due to this hotel being connected to a convention center, breakfast slots quickly fill up. Vegas tends to be very dry, so I recommend calling when you make your reservation to request a humidifier to be brought to your room. They're in high demand, and the hotel only keeps about 15 of them on hand for guests.
4	Stayed here for 4 nights. The hotel/casino itself is very classy, clean and wasn't as smoky as some others we visited which was nice. We stayed in a standard room and it had a separate tub and shower, double vanities,and a TV in the bathroom if your into that. The price was not bad, but don't forget to add 25 bucks a day for amenities which is crazy when its too cold to even use the pool but its Vegas so they get you coming and going. Also we had the least luck in this casino out of any we went to (I think we saw them all). the only other thing that was tough was the walk to everything else. Mandalay Bay is the very last major hotel and casino on the strip and it you don't take a taxi or bus (highly suggested) you will be tired of walking within the first day of your vacation. Overall it was a nice experience at a decent price. I would probably stay there again.
5	This place has some great restaurants. My girlfriend and I joked that we were over here all the time to eat even thought we were staying at another hotel on the strip. Next time we are in Vegas we will stay here for sure and save some trips. I hope the rooms are as good as the restaurants. It would be so nice to just go down stairs for some great food instead of having to drive down the strip.If you are here be sure to check out Burger Bar and The Border Grill. We will be back here for sure.
5	Now this resort had that "Vegas feel" to it! It was clean and the beds were comfy! I didn't so much like the squeaky bathroom door since that was the sound I woke up to every morning, and the fact that my room was literally the last room at the end of the hall -- but hey, it was definitely worth the money!!!Not to mention that since I booked through a friend's travel agency, we got a free meal at the buffet PER DAY that we stayed -- woohoo! Now THAT'S great service and one amazing perk. I would definitely stay here again, I would just want a room with a view.
4	Ginormous place. Lots of choices. Friendly staff. 3 places to eat sushi.  Many choices for everything.
1	0 stars! Booked a Michael Jackson cirque de soleil. We waited all month for our show and it turned off half way through! Mandalay bay will refund money but what about the extra day we booked and extra money to pick up tickets, so disappointed and unhappy with whole experience at Mandalay bay and cirque de soleil, never again! Spend your money elsewhere and you will probably be happier.
5	We always stay in summer in this hotel, totally recommended, my kids love the beach, lazy river and all the different pools available, great for families!!
4	I am writing to update my previous review. Unfortunately my group and I originally had an undesirable experience at the Michael Jackson ONE show  after technical difficulties ended the show not even a quarter of the way through. A group of 12 of us all were in town to celebrate a friend's 30th birthday and the show was the big event of the weekend. Needless to say, we all left extremely disappointed. A guest relations specialist, quickly responded to my original review asking to hear about my experience, express their sincere apologies, and work to make it up to us.  It proves that Mandalay Bay really cares about their customer's experience and wants each guest to have a positive experience. Thank you.
3	This is not my favorite resort on the strip.  For me, the check-in lines are unacceptably long and it's filled with kids (no offense to kids--I have three darlings of my own).  In the summer, this is definitely a great place to go with kids because they will enjoy the lazy river and wave pool.  If you find yourself there without kids and not realizing that "One Direction" is in concert, you had better hit the adult only pool for a little serenity!  LOL  That being said, I love the lounges and restaurants here.  My room was fine--a few hiccups with house-keeping, but all around fine.  Again, bring the kids.
3	Mandalay Bay has surely fallen from its prime. Older, isolated, and dim, it is not the jewel of Las Vegas it once used to be.The buffet is not bad, but second tier. Casino floor size is not as large as some of the other casinos. Its a 15-20 minute walk to the hot spots on the strip.
4	Great place to say at.
1	Horrible Horrible Horrible. Typically I would give Mandalay Bay a 5-star review but not this go around. Being that this stay was on Valentines Day I wanted things to be a little bit special. So I decided to get an upgraded room with a king bed...So to start when I checked in they had given my king bed away to a convention so, only a room with two queens was available. Pissed but not trying to let it ruin my weekend I accept the room and go about my day. As I walk into my downgraded 2 queen bedroom  the entire room smells like weed and as I set my bags down on the table I notice there's weed crumbs scattered all over the office table. So my natural reaction was to call the front desk to get my room switched again and see if they possibly would have a king available. Low and behold what do you know they magically came up with a king bedroom 3 floors down with a view of the roof. But, before I could switch my room I had to wait 35 minutes for the security guards to show up so that I could give some lame 2 minute statement. The whole situation was a little shady.Needless to say nothing was rectified and no credits were given to satisfy the customer. I honestly would have switched hotels if it wasn't for Vegas being completely full for Valentines. So much for Mandalay "Loving the Resortist"!!!
3	Rooms are nicely decorated, spacious and spacious but the rooms are dim and a few brighter bulbs could be installed.  Beds aren't that comfortable but maybe that is by design to keep you playing in the casino.  Plenty of restaurants but the ones I ate in were okay -- not stellar.  Casino was typical.  I would stay again.
2	Definitely not what it used to be. Overall it was a good experience but not optimal by any means. The sad thing was that the hotel appears petty - lots of nickle and diming. For example if you go to the Starbucks they charge you .54 for water even though you buy coffees. The hotel added charges that upon checkin I was told would be complimentary. Then it was a hassle to remove those charges. We came to Vegas in a EV and the chargers at mandelay were always occupied forcing me to check out other hotels for charging options. At aria I found, through my limited interaction with them, the completely opposite scenario.
4	How do you find the perfect room in Vegas?Step 1: Find the most expensive hotels on the Strip.Step 2: Eliminate any hotels that have been opened less than a year, have had movies filmed about them (bye, bye, Bellagio), are on the bad end of the Strip, or can be found in your hometown.Step 3: Eff it! There's still 20+ hotels on this list. Just go with Mandalay Bay.I've stayed at the Mandalay a couple of different times. Love the suites. Love the effing lotion. OH.MY.GOSH! You can buy that crack in a bottle downstairs, but forget that. I take them directly from the maid carts when they come to clean my room. I'm sure my luggage has had a full-luggage-cavity-search because of the ridiculous amount of Mandalay Bay lotions in it. Actually, I'm surprised I haven't been put on a no fly list yet.I only go to Vegas in October for a week of birthday+Halloween celebrations and I think I've only ever ran into four kids in the span of three years, but I'm sure they're there...lurking in the corners waiting for some unsuspecting guest to feed them something with sugar, only to turn out to be a human sized Gremlin. But whatevs, my trips have been safe and Gremlin-free thus far.I could stay at the Mandalay my entire trip and still wouldn't be able to experience everything it has. But I think I've got the gist of it. Topless pool. Beach. Shark Reef. Lazy River. Bombdotcom buffets. Upscale restaurants. An infinite amount of ways to lose every penny to your name. I love it!Like any holiday in Vegas, Halloween week is serious. So as you can imagine, Mandalay has tons of events going on and you'll run in to some cool characters and some dumb ones too. Tip of the day: NEVER GET IN AN ELEVATOR WITH ONLY ONE OTHER PERSON ON BOARD (unless you know the other person). My first trip I got stuck on an elevator for about 30 minutes with a mid-30's drunken buffoon that started crying. When entering an elevator immediately ask your self if the people on the elevator will entertain or annoy you. If there's only one person, choose another elevator because options are always nice.I've walked the (entire) Strip before. I never plan on doing it again (not even a small section of the strip). I prefer my rentals and cabs 100% so MB's location works out perfect. Easy access on and off the Strip.The suites. I've stayed in a couple different ones and strangely enough the smallest one is actually my favorite. If it's just you, you're going to be eating out every meal (which, why wouldn't you?), and you'll be out til 7 am-ish...stay in the Great Room Suite. It's open and everything about it is comforting. I'm still trying to figure out how to smuggle out the chaise/couch thing...I want it. I need it. I can't find one anywhere.If you're sharing you're hotel tab with a friend, go with the Extra Bedroom Suite. Amazing views too!Play the slots. Get some food. Go get married. Swim topless. STAY AT THE MANDALAY BAY!Oh and you can check-out via phone. K thanks!
4	The resort property, casino & shops are wonderful. Being a local I usually avoid the strip unless I have guests or are seeing a show.  Last night it was the latter.  We decided to eat at Hussongs Cantina then saw the Cirque du Soleil Michael Jackson show.  In between we walked around, shopped, gambled and listen to some great music in the lounge.  The casino is roomy and fun and you didn't die of thirst waiting for a cocktail waitress.  Great friendly service from everyone.
3	We just spent 3 days at Mandalay Bay. Having not been to Las Vegas since 1999, I was unaware of the new layout of the strip. I don't like leaving long reviews so let me rate each of the aspects of our stay and services.(Grades A-F)Buffet D+( I honestly didn't find a difference in the quality of food from this buffet to Old Country except Mandalay Bay charges $35)Lobby  ACheck In BValet A+(The valet was amazing, always pin point always on time)Elevators ARoom BBilling Department C (We got charged for touching snacks but not eating them in our room but they did take care of it and refunded us)Casino CPool D+ (only one pool open winter time and we both got sick)Location D- (This casino is the last casino or first depending on how you look at it on the strip)Resort Fee F(Why are we paying for a resort fee in February when a little tiny pool is opened and only opened till 5?)I do not believe we would ever stay here again. The location of the casino created transportation issues. I would def stay at a hotel in the middle of the strip. Overall though if location isn't an issue for you and if you do not mind dealing with there billing department stay here. It was very clean, very comfortable.
5	Thank you Mandalay bay for a great weekend! Even though I'm not worth a million bucks you sure made me feel like I am! Amazing rooms and top notch service, sorry for taking 2K from you...not!!
4	Nice casino but the drink service near the slot machines is really bad.  They need to work on this issue. The common phrases are that "I will be back" or "I will let the server  know."  Nice servers but bad service.
1	I stayed the weekend of the 21st and booked a king suite and was told only 2 queen was available.  The hotel was very empty, no lines to check in........so I was being bullshitted..........called anonymously later to front desk to see if i could get a King suite that night and they said YES!   Next time I will stay at another hotel......Mandalay ruined a birthday weekend celebration for me and my wife...........
5	I've never actually stayed here (have been many times though) but I wanted to review anyways for their amazing customer service! I made a reservation from 2/21 to 2/23 for my sister's bachelorette weekend. Reservations were easy to make and the person I spoke with was great. Unfortunately, there was a death in the family and we were unable to go on this trip :( :( :(BUT, when I called the hotel and explained to them this madness, they were very understanding and gave me my full refund back on my deposit, despite the 48 hour cancellation notice requirement. I told the person I spoke with on the phone how deeply grateful I was for this understanding and would return when I come out next time. Now this is great customer service!!I can't wait to stay here when it comes time to hit up Vegas again (which I sure hope it soon!)
1	Our first trip back since the wedding started out awesome, We had a comp for 2 nights with a suite upgrade. (if available) We were told by the clerk that there might be "like a $30 upgrade charge". We loved the suite. We had another great experience at Aureole. The bartender, food and ambiance there was great as usual. On Sunday, we tried to checkout using the TV, but it was having issues. We went downstairs to the front desk to checkout and was greeted with a charge 10 times more than the what was quoted to us originally. The manager Takeshi said the most he could do was to discount the first night 50% since we had already used the room. I asked him to contact the original clerk to verify the price he quoted. Well sure enough he was unable to be reached. Takeshi said he would be in for his shift at 5pm and ask him then. Great, we drive home not knowing how much we are going to be charged. That was a miserable 4 hours debating when to call Mandalay or the creditcard and dispute the charges. When we get home and check my e-mail I see the corrected charges on a receipt from Mandalay sent 15 minutes after we left.  I'm thinkin'  a call would have made the drive home a lot more pleasant. We gave you a contact number before we left.  On Monday my wife called to remind them the tips for the spa were not on the corrected receipt.. She wanted to make sure the spa staff got their tips. i checked the credit card charges, I see 2 pending charges. They have not only the overcharged comped room, but the corrected charges pending also. Never got a call back from Takeshi. Thanks for making us follow up on your mistake.  After a call to the credit card co. it looks to be straightened out finally. TLDR: Free Suite/ then $30 Suite/ then 10x more/ then double charge/ finally $30/ still no call from manager. Make sure you get a quote in writing for an upgrade or they make you pay 10x more.Managers quote "You used the room you have to pay"
5	Home away from home I love this place summer winter any time of year service is amazing rooms are extremely spacious and comfortable. Buffet is small but had a great variety in my opinion one of the better buffets in the MGM line of hotels!
1	For 4 months I've been going back and forth with Mandalay fighting their $43.24 AND $21.01 double charge on my credit card for the in-room Grey Goose bottle (which I NEVER touched) and resort fee, respectively. These jerks disputed my claim against them by sending my credit card company a receipt for these charges...um, ok? Like a receipt process anything? How about you look at the fact that none of the overpriced drinks and foods in the snack console was ever handled??? (I know that the slightest touch signals the sensors so we just stay away from it completely). Or how about you look at my original purchase and prepaid resort fee from Expedia?I HATE YOU MANDALAY BAY, YOU CROOKS! wasting my time trying to get this fixed and STILL trying to resolve (I'm literally on hold with Amex as I type).
5	Great hotel. The band The Limit that plays there nightly is awesome. All request band and they do an excellent job. Check it out.
5	Stayed for one night was amazing. Luxury hotel, amazing cuisines, great service the place is giant ! Definitely coming back
4	I've stayed at Mandalay Bay twice and been to shows, dinner, or gamble several times and it is a solid 4-stars ... a notch below the elite of Vegas and a step above the mediocre. It's large with the full Vegas experience under one roof if you aren't wanting to explore ... with multiple pools, a plethora of restaurants, the Michael Jackson show, other concerts, standard shopping, and, of course, a casino. Resort is a better name for Mandalay Bay than hotel.The rooms aren't elite opulence, but they are nice with functional, yet cozy furniture and large bathrooms. If you can afford it, be sure to upgrade to one of the upper floors because the views of the Las Vegas Strip are better from there. Since Mandalay Bay is currently near the South end of the Strip, rooms with a view facing north/east will be the best. The location is also really close to the airport and 15 freeway.Overall, Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino is a solid option when visiting Vegas. If you get a good deal on a room or are looking for a one-stop shop for a large group with diverse needs then I definitely recommend Mandalay Bay.
3	The rooms have to be better cleaned, they are dirty and pillows, comforters and mattress cover are so dirty.
2	I am not use to staying at hotels in Vegas but if they are all like this it is quite a disappointment for the money that you pay. After we checked in we went to the room and opened the door on someone who hadn't left yet and the room hadn't been cleaned. We went back to the desk and was given another room on a higher floor with a $50 restaurant comp. The room was clean and had a great view but the bed was horrible - way too soft, especially for my husband who kept rolling off the edge - and the bathroom was an echo chamber. There was a window over the bathtub that looked into the entry with seemingly no purpose other than allowing anyone standing on the entry side to see whoever was bathing. The toilet in the bathroom had a separate door but the main bathroom door was a slatted double door that opened to the bed so anything and everything could be heard. There wasn't a coffee maker so you have to either order room service or get dressed and publicly presentable to go get some. I usually like tea in the morning before going for breakfast but this was out.The resort itself was nice but all but one of the pools were closed which is one of the main highlights. So it was quite difficult to find a place to sit at the one pool that was open. It may also be common in Vegas but it was impossible to find any place that was quiet and relaxing.
1	I went to a convention last week and went to my room to sleep. I am hearing impaired and listen to my television very load. I stay at Mandalay Bay multiple times per year and have for years. I woke in the morning wondering why my remote was off my bed and back up by the television. In the morning, I received a phone call early and was wondering whom might be calling. They said it was security, I had to put something on and answered the door. I was told that my television was to load and they asked me to turn it down. I said I was sorry and did not realize. The security officer at that time told my this was my second complaint and in the event I received a 3RD they would ask me to leave the hotel. I explained that I was not aware of another complaint and again explained I was hearing impaired. He then told me that they entered my room the night prior to turn off my television. Ladies no notice was left and they went to my bed to remove the remote, when the television was across the room. I had no clothing on and I truly believe this is unacceptable. I went to the manager and then was told that I needed to file a complaint with security and I did. The security officer was helpful and they moved me to the penthouse so no one could hear my television. However, I wanted this addressed and I was told that I would hear from night security later and I never did, but to make me feel better I was told that it was not only one man in my room but two. The hotel knew I was traveling alone and this should never be able to happen. I like to travel alone and I will tell you this experience has changed the way I feel about being in a room alone and now I lock every door in my home while I am sleeping. This is not how travel should ever make anyone feel in life. I own a real estate firm and manage many properties and I could never enter with out leaving notice and could only enter based on a emergency and I really do not feel that a load television is an emergency.
4	REVISION MADE AT THE BOTTOM ON HOW THEY MADE IT RIGHTAbsolute worst experience I have ever had in Vegas.. I was so upset by the managers treatment to me. I am 20 and was in Vegas a little too late to feel safe driving home so I decided to call this hotel since it is where I have stayed with my family every time I went to Vegas. I will never come back or recommend this hotel after the kind of treatment I got. not relaxing at all; a complete utter disaster... :(  The story is that I made the reservation at 10 o clock (after Zumanity) because there was a drive back to Saint George I didn't feel safe driving in due to fatigue. When I spoke with the representative she said there was a room available and that it would be 270.00 for the night I said that would be fine and she went ahead and asked my billing address and the name for the reservation.After she took my information she asked for my card information and I gave all this to her.next she told me when the pool etc. closed and that I need to be 21 to check in and that is where I had the problem and told her I was 20. She put me on hold for 15 minutes and then I got with a manager who was a complete power struggle. He stated to me that due to the nature of their policy they can't refund any reservations made without a 48 hour notice and since it is well within that time period he is going to extend a special offer of refunding half the money if I cancel the reservation now or I need a 21 year old to check me in... this was completely disrespectful of my time and money.. he stripped me of any bit of happiness I could have felt. I was trying to be responsible and stay off the roads at such a late hour and either way I was paying premium money to stay there. ** not to mention I have stayed here before and had no problem even at 19 when I walked in..At this point in the story I was given the option to get half the money back and have no room or have a 21 year old check me in which both me and my girlfriend didn't have..why this wasn't explained to me before I gave her my card is completely wrong and for them to offer half my money back for a reservation I was still on the phone for is completely ethically wrong.. Both me and my girlfriend rushed off to the hotel to try and figure something out regardless of the fact that we were supposed to have a nice dinner and relax. This took a while to get to the hotel since we had to walk and take the tram etc. When we got there we went up to an agent and went through the check in process to see if they would just check us in. We got through just fine even though I handed him both my card and ID.The manager seriously ruined our night and gave me anxiety I have never felt before.We get to the ruin and are ready to go to sleep after a completely stressful night. ** we are still hungry but sick to the point where we can't eat..the doorbell rings and ** THE DOOR IS SET TO DO NOT DISTURBit's the maid and she has a note that says alcohol/food.at this point I don't feel like I am ever going to be able to relax because now she is up here and disturbing peace that I played a lot for!!!she comes in our room when my girlfriend is in her underwear lying in bed so I am very bugged that we can't relax AT ALL!!there is no wet bar in our room so there isn't any alcohol. unless somehow it is in the locked fridge looking thing under the sink..the maid can't figure it out so in her rightful mind she decides to take all the snack bar type things IE: Fiji water, mom's, pretzels, etc. BASICALLY ANYTHING WE COULD HAVE HAD.WOW THIS WAS HORRIBLE***THE SERIOUSLY TOOK MY MONEY AND MY HAPPINES AND RUINED OUR PLANS FOR DINNER FOR NOTHING!!!!!!I WILL NEVER SEND ANYONE YOUR WAY OR EVER COME BACK EVEN THOUGH I USED TO LOVE THIS HOTEL.YOUR ETHICS HAVE WASHED AWAY!!!**When I called in today to talk to a manager I was offered a pitiful 28 dollar refund to my card WOW!!He said since I had stayed in the room that's all he can do.. I would normally understand this but considering my options of if I would have canceled the room and not stayed in it I would have lost almost 150.00 and still not have a room or make it work and find a way to stay whether that is paying someone to check me in at 21 or hopefully when I get there they would just check me in... I didn't have much of a choice..Something must be done because the stress you have caused is astronomically high and to top that I paid for the stress and anxiety in this case!!**updatethey got back with me over emailI appreciated their assistance in making this situation right with me! What happened to me was an experience that is rare. I have been many times and loved every time. I will be back considering the fact that they got back to me and corrected their errors. The pool is beautiful and the location is very refreshing!
5	If you're heading to Vegas (BABY) then this is the place to book.  It has it all - whether you stay in THE Hotel tower or in the main hotel.  The rooms are gorgeous and the location is convenient to the airport. Also, there are complimentary trams to a couple other resorts.  But, if you want to stay in one spot, you've got it all here!Vegas Baby!
1	Just finished a stay here for a work convention. Service was AWEFUL. Spent 5 hours flying to get here, and was told the hotel had two issues. 1: The room wasn't ready, it was 4pm. 2: A room that was suppose to have 2 queen beds had a king and a roll out. Not exactly a great way to sleep after a 5 hour flight. Hotel staffer was indifferent at best when I asked why the reservation was messed up, we only booked the rooms five years in advance because of a long term contract with the hotel. She couldn't have cared less! They took my cell and sent me a text when the trim was ready. They also said they would contact me to change out the room if one with 2 beds became available. That was Tuesday, I got the text at 9 pm Thursday night. A little since we were flying back Friday Morning. If I wasn't forced to stay here for work, never again! Only thing is, we are booked to come here the next 5 years. Last thing, to add insult to injury, the hotel sent my roommate and I a little basket with 2 bottles of water, some snacks and an apology card for the room mistake, and then hit me with an 11.00 service fee for it. The only competent person I dealt with was the young lady who got rid of the 11.00 charge to the room for the snack basket. I did it over the phone while checking out on route to the airport. Very sorry I got stuck here!     :(
5	LOVE this place. The  grounds are expansive and lots to do.  If you want information about anything Vegas, ask for Thaddeus at the Concierge Desk. He's the man.
1	Wow I have never had such a nasty room in Vegas. Dirty room asked to be switched and they moved me into a room with a broken bed. I spent ten minutes sitting in the hallway in between moves. They did nothing to compensate for the hassle. DO NOT STAY HERE. I'll be lucky if I don't get bed bugs. Serious yuck.Night life is fun here but stay sleep elsewhere.  ZERO STARS!!
3	Mandalay Bay is a neat casino on the Strip, very large with lots of options, but doesn't have a lot in the way of tables for common games like blackjack. Most of the games are odd variations like Let It Ride and Blackjack Switch, so if that's your cup of tea...go for it. The dealers weren't that engaging though and could use a little bit more skip in their step, but it's not like they were rude or anything. It's a cool place to hang out and is connected by tram to the Excalibur and the Luxor. I did not stay here so this review is strictly for the casino and I have independently reviewed the Crossroads House of Blues restaurant which I highly recommend.
5	I've stayed at the Mandalay Bay several times and I havent been dissappointed yet.  The rooms are above average and the options for food and entertainment are excellent.  You can eat high end (Aureole) or low brow (Nathans Hot Dogs) go to the beach or see Cirque de Soliel- Michael Jacksons One or just gamble all night and day. If you cant find something to do here,  you just dont know how to have fun!
4	I. The Bitchin' (That's a good thing, not like 'bitching' which is something your wife does)(+) Clean, well kept rooms.(+) The bathtub is huge, and there's a seperate shower!(+) Really nice pool.(+) Casino Lobby is kinda chintzily decorated and themed tropically, but it's still nice to see and unique for the strip.(+) Tram that goes to Luxor or something, I didn't take it, but it definitely helps out the bad location on the south end of the strip.II. The Bitching (Okay, see the difference?)(-) Frickin' toilet sounds like it's going to explode when you flush it. Freaked me out.(-) The Buffet @ Mandalay or whatever blows hard ass.(-) If you self park, you gotta walk across the entire lobby to get to your room, and vice versa.Overall, I'd stay here again, especially since I had 2 of my 3 nights comp'd.
5	This p;ace is just AWESOME.  The smell, the action, the excitement, the food, the POOL!  All there, and reachable by a free tram from Excalibur.  It's, by far, one of the top 3 casinos in Vegas.
4	Came in for one night this last weekend for a getaway with my bf. We got upgraded to a suite that was 1800sq feet- it was very nice! Room service is expensive like everything else, and tastes just ok! The pool here is amazing and that is what keeps us coming back. Great for families and for people who want to relax. Love the bar tender Joe out by the wave pool, great personality and friendly. over all great experience!
4	Great place!  Beach & drinks - what a happy hour, baby!!!  Also great is Fleur (foie gras fanatics) and Boiler Room with great noshes (like potpie bites) and smokey whisky drinks (complete with smoke in glass skulls!).   Mandalay rocks...even it it's a work trip (am here for the Exhibitor Show!).
5	I've stayed here a few times and always left satisfied. Rooms are nice and modern. Casino is always busy and fun. Sportsbook is great. Tons of big screens, lots of tellers so no big lines. It has great high end restaurants plus some reasonably priced stuff. I prefer the lounges over the clubs. They have 3 main lounges that will satisfy most tastes.  Have seen some great concerts at HOB but lately they haven't had anything worthwhile. Don't know why that is. But they have Mandalay Beach. Pretty cool.
4	"Eleven hundred men went into the water. Vessel went down in twelve minutes. Didn't see the first shark for about a half an hour. Tiger. Thirteen footer." -- Jaws (1975)This may be my new favorite hotel to stay in Vegas.  We weren't in a fancy room by any stretch, but it certainly sufficed.  The biggest drawback was that we were at the very end of a hallway, and at the end of a long night, that walk seemed longer and longer.  Next time I will ask for closer to the elevator.The casino is great - spread out, not smoky, the cocktail waitresses are a bit hit or miss, but the good ones are great.  They recognized when service was slow, so they would bring us two drinks to make up for it.  They have great machines that I enjoyed (yay for Organic Craps) and plenty of slot machines for all tastes.They have tons of food options for all hours, which certainly comes in handy in Vegas.  Plus the tram to get out and part way up the strip really made it easy to get in and out of the hotel.  With easy access to both the tram and taxi service, I never felt the need to stay at the hotel, but there was plenty to do here that we didn't feel the need to go elsewhere.  They do have the Shark Reef, after all.Add in the House of Blues with great concerts, amazing restaurant options and the beach and pools - this is my new go to.As for the bathroom in the room - the shower had two settings - scalding hot (which I don't mind) and cold. And when you flushed the toilet, we were convinced it was going to suck one of us in with it - insanely powerful and loud.  Housekeeping took great care of us bringing plenty of extra towels and blankets upon request.I do wish we had been able to use the fridge in the room for leftovers from all our meals - but it was the minibar and opening it caused charges.  Boo.Still - I'll stay here again.
4	Good Hotel. The lazy river and wave pool are fun. The views from Mixx and the Foundation Room are awesome. Plenty of bars and restaurants also check out the lounge bar acts - good people watching.
3	I stayed here 7 or 6 times in the last 14 years, it was such a great hotel to stay in when it first opened and it was more geared towards adults so barely any screaming babies. It's still a nice hotel today, check in is always easy for my family, rooms are nice, big bath tub etc but I just feel it has gone down in quality.The hotel is connected to Mandalay Bay Place which is just a small shopping center, really nice but it's more high end things. it leads straight to the Luxor so you don't have to go outside if it's blazing hot. I always liked the pool area too. The wave pool, lazy river and regular pools give you more of a selection. though, as the years keep going by it seems more and more kids have accidents in the wave pool and lazy river.. I'd say the only thing bad is that there aren't many "fast" places to eat. They have buffets and some restaurants with a dress code but there isn't any place in the hotel where you can grab food fast and take it back to your room. I always had to go to the Luxor.
3	The Mandalay Bay is a very nice place for families and couples but you can see the wear and tear of guests taking it's toll on the rooms etc. The MB seems to have a huge "Conference Customer" component and is setup to take care of large groups easily. Having only stayed here for one day, I really didn't get to use much of the facilities like the extensive pools and nightclubs so I can't comment. I did get a nice, clean room and the staff was friendly although not exceptional in any way. I did enjoy my stay here but I'm not sure if I make a point of coming back. 3 stars.
4	One of my favorite things about this place is the customer service. Upon arrival we were greeted with a friendly valet attendent and bell man. After that, the registration desk was seriously the fastest I've experienced at a Vegas hotel and I've stayed at a lot of Vegas hotels. They had ample people working the check in desk and the one who helped us was extremely helpful and friendly. We asked about Light and she took down my cell and told me a VIP host will be contacting me. Very shortly I received a text from a host as promised who was also helpful. I called guest services many times during my stay for various things and all my interactions were always so pleasant and helpful. The rooms could use a little refreshing but overall they were comfortable. I thought it was a special touch when they would always make a follow up call to ensure that extra towels were delivered or if we needed anything else. The resort itself is nicely appointed with pretty much anything you would want to do. From great restaurants to nightlife to shopping you got it here.
1	Very unfriendly and regimented staff...no flexibility!  Carpet in room is dirty (the bottoms of my feet are black!)  No coffee in room, sofa setting awkward, not enough towels, heavy doors that slam easily.
1	If I could give this resort negative stars I would. I stayed here in January of 2013 for my wedding. Was married in the shark reef and had a wonderful wedding. It was worth the price I paid. Our photos came out wonderful and the photographer and wedding planner where excellent. Now I'm going to go into why I believe this resorts deserves the negative stars. The hotel layout was horrible. The hotel rooms had weird layouts and decor. The casino was small and the slot machines with wound so tight that you couldn't ever win. There were dirty glasses left in the bridal suit from the wedding the day before And my wedding was at 9am.  The photograph company reminded me of a used car sales lot. $3500 for a digital copy of all the photos taken. Really??? Do people pay that? It's Vegas it's suppose to be cheaper then a wedding at home. The last and most important thing I have to say about the  resort is the way they run business when it come to accounting. I booked 4 rooms. One of which was included in my wedding package for 1 night. 2 of the rooms were for 1 night and the suit that was included in my package I added a second night. The 4th room was for 2 nights. I gave the receptionist my credit card for all 4 rooms and did my thing. I checked out of all the rooms and showed $ 0 due on my bills. Then I get a debt collection letter 1 year later stating I didn't pay for one of the rooms and they had tried to contact me. I never received anything from the hotel. No email no phone call no letter in the mail. Nothing! They never billed my card for the amount due when I checked out. They made a mistake and if I would have know this I would have paid don't get me wrong. I have to let everyone know that this resort had a poor business practice of collecting payments. I will never due business with them again and I strongly recommend that others do the same.
4	I enjoy visiting Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino.  Have been here many times over the years, but it remains a Vegas property that we have yet to stay at.  The rates have been a bit too high.What do I like about Mandalay Bay?  The convention center is cool!  The casino is terrific (yes, I've won here in the past).  The self parking garage is easy to navigate.  The ventilation in the casino is wonderful.  It is so much easier to breathe here compared to other properties on the Strip.  The entire atmosphere of the place is just first rate.One of these days we will actually spend the night here.  Until then, we are more than happy to just visit frequently.
1	Poor access from monorail. Poor restaurant qualities and diversity. Poor lobby (only twos gents working at front desk with loads of people in line). Poor bell desk (took 30 mins to get to my room to give me new access cards to give to me to change my room...since the room next to me was noisy with partygoers). Old dirty carpeting. Basic bathroom. Avoid this hotel. Stay at MGM
4	One of the better hotels restaurants are good, but a bit pricey for what you get. The beach was nice, but too small for how popular it is. $20 for sunblock crazy. They didn't have restaurants that you could just grab and go, like a subway.
5	I stayed here with a few friends back in October. We were in Vegas for a convention. Mandalay Bay exceeded my expectations- it was extremely clean, the amenities were fantastic, and the staff was above-and-beyond helpful. I wish I had gotten some of their names. I can't wait to go back!
5	Great place with pretty nice rooms. The service was great just like the food. Loved the amenities and extras. A really great experience. I've stayed in 3 Vegas hotels and this is my favorite by far. Can't wait to go again.
4	I always end up coming back to the Mandalay Bay.  It is convenient to access from 1-15 south or from the airport because it's the first major resort on the Strip.This resort has a very relaxed feel to it and is virtually odorless.  I'm not sure what the MGM Grand did recently with its scent, but holy moly it's hard to breathe in there.The wave pool is huge and a ton of fun.  No one has anything else like it.  There is a pool casino, a concert area, food court and plenty of cabanas and beach chairs.The selection of restaurants is really top notch.  Stripsteak is my favorite steakhouse anywhere.  Kumi has some amazing sushi offerings.  Check out my reviews for those places.The best part are the rewards for being a VIP.  Here's how you do it:-Go there and get an Mlife players club card...good at any MGM Hotel.  Play table games, slots and present your card when you eat at the restaurants.  Anything you purchase, charge it to your room.  This will rack up points fast.-If you are going with friends* that don't frequent Las Vegas, then offer to book the rooms for them.  This way, everything they charge goes to your account and you rack up even more points.  *Make sure these are reliable friends! You don't want to be on the hook for their bill.-Sign up for email offers in Mlife and through Mandalay Bay.-After your trip, just wait for the email offers.  Most likely you will get some good ones.  Sometimes it might take a couple trips to get the good offers.I regularly get room comps for 1 night when I stay 2.  Usually the second night is about $99 on weekends, but that really depends on what's going on at the hotel.  I've paid as little as $19.Gold status and above on Mlife gets you priority check in, although it is largely a thoughtless execution.  There are only 2-3 employees at the priority checkin....but 20 for normal folks.  I've waited longer to check in at the priority desk than the regular desk on many occasions.I have Platinum status now...but it doesn't really do much for you.  The best thing is the taxi stand.  We were there for the Pacqiuao on 12APR14 and there was probably a hundred people in line for a cab.  I just flashed the Platinum and got the next cab, which was very cool.  But for room upgrades...they never have anything available.  And I mean NEVER.  I have checked in on a Monday night where no events are scheduled and still there was no room upgrade available. So expect to never see that happen.Overall, this is my favorite hotel on the strip.
2	Looks way nicer on the outside. The room I was in was very dark and there was very little ventilation in the bedroom and none what so ever in the bathroom. Also what was very frustrating was that after 12am it seemed like there was nowhere to get anything to eat. And the one place I did find that was 24hrs had run out of pretty much everything. Wouldn't stay there again. Maybe just to visit the pool for the day but that is it.
1	Most casinos on the strip have adequate air circulation. Not Mandalay Bay, which is pretty bad seeing their are a lot of families. The entire facility is one giant ashtray.
5	Let's just say ... I walked in but I don't remember walking out haha.It was one of those nights in Vegas. We attended a gathering here at one of their crowded nightclubs. Thank goodness we were in the VIP section because the dance floor was way too crowded.What happened later that night? Aaaaah ... listen baby ... what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. I do remember waking up at the MGM Skyloft, holding my head and thinking, "Everything in my wallet is replaceable." Thankfully I found my satchel by the door. That's all I'm saying about that (Forrest Gump voice).
1	If I could leave them no stars, I would had done so. DO NOT STAY AT THE MANDALAY BAy. We went to Vegas on Saturday 4-19-2014 weekened, and went straight to our room on the 10th floow room 305. To our surprise the 2 queen size beds were actually full sizes. Not a big issue but then when one of our friends laid on the bed, she noticed that there was potato chips and pinapple chunks behind the pillow. We tried calling front desk, but the phones were disconnected. We had to go back down to the lobby to resolve the issue.They reconnected our phones and send some cleaners to replace the sheets and pillows but told us that their queen size beds were of that size. later on, when we went to use the bathroom, the bathroom had 2 huge moths flying around. We manage to killed them but that left a huge guts splatter on the wall. Turning on the bathroom lights, shorted out the circuit and the lights either flicker or died out for minutes at times. Calling the front desk again, they acknowledge that the bathroom lights were crappy and ask us to use the breakers. They later send in a few "engineers" to look at the issues and a "manager" came and look at the bug splatters of the moths we killed. The engineers acknowledge that the lights were faulty and the months might had gotten in through the ducts while the manager just came, look around at the dead bugs and left. The TV also kept switching from power saving mode and normal mode which was annoying when watching the games. The walls are also pretty thin, we can hear the TV from one of the rooms next door and laughter from the opposite wall.Went to lights, we had 3 tables books across our various friends that went. the floor was so nasty that I thought I had step on gum the entire night only to find my shoes to be bum free. thats when we realized that the floors were the issue. Each step was like stepping on glue. The rails of the stairs leading to our tables upstairs werent very santizing either. For $1500 for a table, that's $4500 for 3 and so not worth it. Prices for drinks were also high as well. Close to 50 bucks for 3 shots of goose, thats pretty much more expensive then a bottle of goose itself. The only thing that save the night was Alesso being an awesome DJ.On sunday, we ordered breakfast and the pricing was ridiculous. 3 plates of steak and eggs with bacons cost $50.00. To add insult, we notice that they charged us $60 something and ask why there was additional charges in which they reply, the utentials and the table cloths is what those charges are. WHO charges $10+ for utensials!!! The egg was over cook, the bacon were rubbery.Not only were our room dirty, the electricty was working on and off, bugs everywhere and Mandalay Bay doesn't really give a crap about their customers. Our friends in another room who booked 2 queen with a couch bed was given a 2 queen with no couch bed. They had to argue with them to get a roller bed move to their room, by arguing that their website stated they would get it when they book the room.Overall this has been prob the worst hotel room I ever had in Vegas
2	We have stayed at The Hotel many times, so we know it's a good hotel, but our last visit was very frustrating. We were given a corner room right near the outdoor elevators that ran so loud I couldn't sleep. And, with the remodel of The Hotel into The Delano Las Vegas we were disturbed on Saturday with a knock at our door to present us with a "get out tomorrow (Easter Sunday) at 11:00 for the remodel" letter. Uh, no late checkout for me! But, the most frustrating experience was finding a belonging from a previous guest that I found in the safe. I called the owner who had already asked the front desk if someone would look for the item (and {{why}} wouldn't Mandalay check the safe?)  and I arranged with the owner to leave the item at the front desk. With the mass-exodus of the hotel at 11:00 with the remodel I didn't want to wait in the line to turn in the item and checkout, so I handed it to a conceirge. She rolled her eyes at me and said "Now I have to walk this over to the front desk". Excuse me? Isn't the Concierge full service? http://www.mandalaybay.com/features-and-shopping/concierge/. What would have happened if I asked for plane reservation, show tickets or a cabana?  I get the feeling Mandalay bad doesn't care about guests before a remodel, doesn't care about guest's lost belongings, and doesn't want to give customers extra service. I definitely didn't get that "vegas" high service. Next time we'll go back to Encore or the Bellagio.
4	One really nice Hotel close to free way access ( 15 north or south bye making right out of the hotel.)Decided to come and check it out hit a progressive first time and then sat down at a couple of monopoly games almost hit a 1000 pay out ! but of course it ticked over and paid out 150 lol. Really nicely lit casino with lots to do there. From eating restaurants that range from high to low like house of blues etc. Seemed to have a massive betting room a little smaller poker room but huge 21 tables. Yet to stay over night but perk living local I guess also not triied the pool yet either to do though .Vallet are the nicest I have dealt with to date.
4	I hit Vegas 5-6 times a year, and try to stay somewhere different as often as possible.  Mandalay was next on my list, and I'm very glad I tried it.  Although at the extreme south end of the strip, which makes it a little inconvenient, they have more than enough to keep you busy and offer a tram that takes you to Luxor and Excalibur.  We stayed in what they call a Great Room Suite, and what I call a "starter suite."  Although it could use a little touching up (it showed some signs of wear), it was damn nice.  I need one of those double-chaise-lounge-rectangular-couch-things!!  The double sinks were nice, and my wife and I are still debating whether the tub was made for two or three.  Maybe we'll settle that next time.The only real problems with the Mandalay were (1)  the housekeeping service, and (2) the lack of cheap food options.  Housekeepers were extremely friendly and polite, but inattentive.  When you have to call down because they forget to leave you some toilet paper, there's a problem.  And when you've been drinking for 12 straight hours, there's no real desire to spend $30-75 on dinner.  Fast food will do, but you have to hump your ass all the way to Excalibur to find anything cheap.  And you better do it before 10:30, because that's when the tram quits running, and who needs that kind of exercise late at night?  On the up side, EVERYONE I interacted with there was professional and friendly.  I wish I could remember the name of the guy who checked us in, because he deserved a pat on the back.  And although it took me about 3 days of slot playing to finally get a drink from a cocktail waitress, I must say that she was very nice and prompt, and circled back regularly once I finally popped up on her radar screen. Will I stay at Mandalay again?  Hell yeah.  It's a step below places like Aria and Venetian, but it's much nicer than many of the places I've been.
4	The best option for families. Nice rooms. Overall great customer service. Could use a bit of deep cleaning especially bathrooms. You will need to bring a bit of cash to do it right. Due to location a lot of taxi rides. Overall a great stay. No other place if you bring children. You can get the room for a reasonable price, but everything else is pricey.
4	Turns out that I don't like Las Vegas. I didn't really have any expectations when I went, so I wasn't necessarily let down... but I wouldn't go back. Way too tacky for my liking, but I can see the appeal for most people; I just happen to be a boring idiot. That said, the Mandalay Bay was pretty nice. It is absolutely gargantuan and not at all a place to stay if you're looking for peace and quiet (and in that case, get the f out of Vegas), but the service was good and my room was pretty sweet. I had requested a king size bed, but I ended up with two queens. I was too apathetic to say anything, so I ended up having a bed for partying and a bed for sleeping. Fine with me! I love the late checkout option ($30 extra for a 3pm checkout), as I'm not a morning person and I stayed up super late the night before. They also hold your bags for you when you have checked out but want to go explore, and even though that's pretty standard, it's always an appreciated service.
5	I stayed at Mandalay a couple weeks ago and I have to say they were incredible compared to the south point hotel. The Mandalay has smallish rooms for the strip, but they have a great view and fish swimming all throughout the lobby! They also have the light nightclub which is epic!
3	This joint would have been higher on my star list if not for a couple of issues on my last stay here... overall though I do like this hotel and have been here multiple times.However on my last stay here I noticed the following things that made me disappointed and/or to shake my head in pure wonderment:* There was mold in the shower on the ceiling and on the caulking* There was lipstick on the pillow shams, confirms that they werent changed and washed! Which I always figure is the case... who knows what else is on those things...* The no hat policy for the regular bars in the casino proper??? Seriously WTF... but flip flops and t shirts are ok? I mean can we at least have a sensical dress code here. You can go hang out while wearing flipflops and dance even while wearing basically anything but a hat. I ABSOLUTELY HATE THE NO HAT THING. I am a hat guy. I love wearing hats. If someone wants to wear a hat in a bar after 7pm when they are buying drinks why forse him to take off the hat? Is "hat hair" really so much "KLASSIER"? I dont think so in the slightest.Some other observations:* There are options for both free and paid wi-fi* Great amenities like the Shark Reef, Wave Pool, Lazy River, etc* Most of the table games have higher than average limits for the strip* Lots of great free parking =D* Its a great venue for concerts where even the back seats have a decent view of the stage and you can hear everything quite well.The beds were comfortable and not overly soft as many hotels can be. The towels were fresh and that made me quite happy. Nothing worse than getting stained towels or ones with pubes hanging out in them...As my last trip was a work related trip, I found that I was comfortable working at the desk and was able to spend a few hours there completely a bunch of photo editing without issue before heading down to play in the casino next door. =)Overall I do recommend this place, unless you like to wear hats. Then its like you're in the hat Nazi zone if you want to hang out in one of the various bars or lounges there.
4	This hotel is a huge property and don't realize till you get inside and settle in the rooms.  Service is excellent, the staff is very friendly and helpful.  Considering that this property opened in 1999, it's in pretty good shape.  You may see here and there some wear and tear, but nothing that is noticeable at least in our room.  Several details that are noted:* They filter their water and that makes a big difference, you can actually lather in the shower!* Views are very good if you have a room facing the Strip, hopefully on is available when you check in* Rates could get pricey, especially during their busy season starting in April/May.  We were fortunate to get $189/night for the weekend (Convention Rate), that is considered cheap.* My only compliant is that the beds and pillows are soft, they should replace them.Otherwise, I recommend this hotel, but expect to pay $$$$
2	The room was really pretty.......linens were nice...bathroom was beautiful.Disappointments were outweighing the good parts though.While checking in the clerk told us that we could have complimentary late checkout=1pm! We were super excited as we wanted to sleep in! Housekeeping was banging on doors and asking to clean at 8am! We wanted to go to breakfast but I had a weird feeling about the late check out. The front desk said we must be out at 11am because they are booked! What a total bummer, but she did say we can keep our keys and use the pool. We shoved our stuff quickly into bags, took them to the car, and ate breakfast at Ri Ra. We went to the pool (beach) and were happy to sit for a while. While reentering the building three was another huge surprise. As we neared the gift shop it looked like a lady in front of us was slipping and nearly falling down. As this happened, I realized that I had also stepped into a large pile of human feces on the marble floors! It was all over the place! Really?!?!?!?! I nearly vomited. I sent Mark into the gift shop to have them call for help. I waited there trying to help people avoid the mess and trying to not make a larger mess of myself. When I finally got an employee who could radio for help he told me to take off my shoe and go wash it in the restroom. Gross! I realize that the hotel didn't poop on the floor, but this was absolutely nasty. The saving grace was a sweet little old lady in the restroom. She had several of us lined up while she sprayed disinfectant and scrubbed our shoes with a scrubber! (That woman should get a medal!) I was shocked that it took so long to get anyone to come help, and further shocked that not one employee came to check on all of the guests who had such a crappy experience! I did call customer service, but I felt it was condescending for them to just say they will pass this on to management, no one should have had to take their shoes off when they didn't  want to. Ughhhh! Luckily, only our feelings were hurt.
3	The hotel is average of what you can find in Vegas. I was expecting a lot more.Rooms are simple with no decor. The hotel have several restaurants and activities. We did the shark aquarium.The pools are fantastic and if I was rating only the pool I would give them one more star. However the hotel itself doesn't deserve more than 3.Other hotels in the area but way better than Mandalay are: Palm Palace, Palms, MGM, Signature even the rooms of the Luxor hotel are better than this.
1	Stayed one Saturday night for about $280 + the per person per day resort fee. They put us in the room below the nightclub on the top floor and claimed the noise would stop by 12:30 - it did not stop until past 3 am. We asked for a discount and were refused. I cant rate any hotel above one star if we can't get to sleep from noise caused by the hotel itself.I did notice that a short walk through the inside casino/mall gets you to the Luxor Hotel - which is much cheaper and less crowded.
5	Stayed here twice now for extended weekend trips to Vegas and haven't been disappointed.The rooms are spacious and the hotel is very accommodating (within reason).We usually venture off for food but the pools are great and everything is kept quite clean.It's our go-to.
4	Stayed here for a long weekend getaway. Arrived on Fri at 3:15 pm. Hardly any line to check in. The lady at check in was very nice and offered a suite with Strip view. Really, the best view I've ever seen! 2 Queen Beds. Everything was fairly clean. Used the pool and lazy river. They were checking any bags, backpacks etc at the pool entrance but spared us since we were going in with our 4 year old kid. You can only buy the inner tube for the lazy river at $18. We used it twice during our stay so I guess that is worth it. We were out and about all Sat morning and returned to our room at 1 pm. only to find our room was not cleaned. Disappointment When we woke up from the nap, I had to call the front desk who transferred me a few times. Finally upon request the cleaning lady came by in 10 mins. She was very nice. So i guess tat made up for it. We ate at 2 different restaurants:1 Noodle Cafe: Slow but friendly service. Chow mein noodles were salty; Fried rice had no flavor. Will not eat here again2 Border Grill: Awesome gourmet food and great service. Def try their Mojitos, Plantain empanadas and Avocado tacos.We checked out using our phone so that was a breeze. Casino area is nice and not as smokey.  Overall will visit and stay at mandalay bay again.
1	I was eager to finally check out this hotel. I've heard great things from friends about this hotel and I booked deluxe room. A few days after I booked the room, I got an email from Mandalay offering to upgrade my room for an extra $15. I quickly agreed as the Great Room suite seemed much better for the price.However, upon arrival I was told that I could not have a smoking room. They told me it was something that they try to accommodate, but is not required. I told them I would have never of agreed to an upgrade had I known they wouldn't be able to give me a smoking room. They brought over an manager to explain further that if I wanted a smoking room, I would have to pay for an upgrade again. The manager, Kristin, who we spoke with regarding our room didn't care one bit about our situation and lacked empathy. Instead of this, I opted to downgrade to the room I originally asked for. Upon arriving in the room, the bathroom was dirty and full of pubic hairs.  I called down to guest services and asked for an extra ice bucket. For an extra ice bucket, it's $5 each. No other rooms were available and we were stuck with a pubic filled bathroom.Valet was pretty bad too with long wait times and I had to load my own luggage in my car since there not enough bell hops on staff.The customer service at this hotel is absolutely horrendous. I will never, ever stay at this hotel again. The staff at this hotel did their best to try to ruin my weekend in Las Vegas and I would not recommend this place to anyone. tldr; Mandalay bay is dirty and the staff don't have customer service skill sets.
4	Yes I'm a fan of this resort always clean always needs an one of my favorite clubs in Vegas is here which is called light make sure you stop by and check it out also another pub would be called the red square which is also a A great place to catch a few cocktails before dinner are a show or whatever you have on your agenda to do for the night our day, Hotel is still not showing much where at all yet did you keep up on that cleanliness and upkeep of the hotel very good the pool is also very nice and have a nightclub in the middle of the location called I Candy which is also kind interesting but the major club would be light that is the name of it just the light come check that out rooms in service are always clean housekeeping does a great job ballet great job in the attitude is great in this hotel bye for now I will update next week when I return,
5	Love this hotel. Nice spa, huge wave pool, and good sized lazy river. They have a fair number of specialty restaurants inside like Flure, and Citizens. We didn't care for the food at Citizens but I'll leave that to another review.Rooms are a good size and decorated well. Overall a very nice hotel and casino.
3	Stayed here for a quick 2 day birthday trip. Resort was nice, room was pretty nice, paid the $20 for early check in, pool was awesome! The only thing that brought this trip down a big notch was the rowdy, loud, drunk group of people in the room next to us on our last night. We turned in around 1 am to be awoken around 230 by a loud drunk screaming laughing girl and several others. Finally around 330 we called security to have a chat with them. Even after security asked them to quiet down (and i think kicked out one person) they left and came back still drunker and louder after 5 am. In my opinion, noise complaints after 3 am should have been handled much more sternly. After tossing and turning all night we could not wait to check out and get some peace and quiet.
1	Worst customer service ever!!! Jason, the 'manager' has no skills at actually running a hotel or dealing with his employees. And his excuse? 'There are too many employees' I'm currently staying here and they've called twice to check on something a guest before us forgot. Well didn't the maids clean???? And the first time, when we checked the whole room and said we couldn't find it, wasn't that enough??? So, rude. Jason--- get some customer service skills. Or a new job!!!!!
5	Great restaurants, spa, salons, and the humongous beach area. Best pools! I didn't care for the loud music (huge concert at the beach area).
5	HD EXPO IS AWESOME! [: Their convention space at Mandalay Bay is incredibly spacious and just superb.
5	I always stay here when I come into vegas. It's so gorgeous and clean. I love love LOVE the pool. Bartenders and servers at pool are awesome! Super friendly check-in staff also. Cleaning ladies are pretty obnoxious about cleaning your room as early as possible and didn't come back when we asked to come back later. I mean, come on, how early do you really expect me to go to bed in VEGAS?!?! Haha but it wasn't a big deal. Always enjoy my stay!
1	facility-wise, there are worse places on the strip. service-wise? this has been THE WORST HOTEL I've stayed at in recent memory. at check-in I was given a late check out if 1 pm. at 11a I went down and dropped $80 on breakfast in the hotel (cheap for this place, but still). went back to my room at 1230 to find that my keys had been turned off. security had to let me in so I could get my stuff out. great way to end a vacation, right??the security guard tells me to call the front desk and ask for a supervisor. and then that person's supervisor. and so forth. so, I call. and get disconnected 3x, only to be told that Trey (the 'supervisor') is busy. so I go to the front desk, where instead of getting an apology, I get some lame excuse about how easy it is to demagnetize the keys. um... let's put aside the fact that I've stayed at places better and worse than Mandalay bay, none of which had such fragile keycards. instead, let's talk about best practices in customer service. I'm pretty sure that 'blaming the customer' is not among them. in short, this place is lame. it's overpriced and not worth the poor customer service. I dropped tons of cash on the promise of getting a vacation. and am instead going home upset. thanks a lot, Mandalay Bay.
1	24 hours later... still waiting for a call back from some manager named 'trey.' can't get anyone on the phone. and they overcharged me $200+ after I left the hotel with no explanation. THIS PLACE IS A JOKE. GUARD YOUR WALLETS. I'm reporting them to the better business bureau and to my credit card company.
4	This hotel has always been one of my favorites since back in the days. I have stayed here numerous times whether it's been at the Hotel or a 1700 sq foot suite last year during Labor Day weekend at the Mandalay itself. I made a reservation for Memorial Day weekend and this time I am with my family and kids and they absolutely love it. The cabanas were priced right and the hospitality is spot on at the hotel itself. And not to mention they have the best club in Vegas The Light. Definitely a place for everyone as I partied here as well as spent quality time with the family.
4	I've been in this hotel many times. This place is much easier to get to than some if the other hotels as it sets at the extreme south end of the strip.Plenty of parking here. They also have a great concert venue at this hotel.
1	It's 1:30 in the morning. I desperately want to sleep. The bed is comfy. The pillows are the appropriate level of fluffiness. The room is dark. Now if only I could turn off the music coming from Daylight - the outdoor beach club which spins until 3am on Sunday nights! On the 28th floor, with ear plugs and white noise blasting from my iPhone I could still hear the bass echoing in my room. When my husband called the front desk the not so helpful staff shared that "it doesn't bother some people. " So, if you are one of those people I totally recommend Mandalay Bay. However, if you like the idea of a quick afternoon nap (music also thuds all afternoon) so you can power through the night or might want to crash before 3am on a Sunday - MB is NOT for you.
2	We have been at Mandalay before in both Mandalay and The Hotel. This time, May 12th 2014, we arrived and instead of Mandalay we received a room in The Hotel. Nothing wrong with that as we had a good stay last time. The second day, after shopping and lunch, we found our room not cleaned. After having contacted the reception this problem was solved later that afternoon. That same day, after having dinner, we could not get into our room. Our keycards were blocked. At the reception we received new keycards. Both Mandalay and The Hotel lost the glamour of the earlier days and our next visit to Las Vegas will not be in above mentioned hotels.
4	This review is for the casino and the pool as I have not stayed the night at the Mandalay Bay. For years, I assumed the Mandalay Bay was too far away from the main center of the strip. I was wrong. We recently stayed at the Luxor which is conveniently connected to Mandalay.POOL:- The pool scene is vast and includes a wave pool and lazy river, both are worth the visit alone. My two minor complaints is that there were tons of kids everywhere (it was however Memorial Day weekend) and that the beers were astronomically expensive ($11 for 16oz Corona). CASINO:-Loved it. Very open floor plan.
3	I'm a fan.  This is a pretty good Vegas resort.  Rooms are clean, as are the facilities in general.  Spacious with a decent setup.
3	I enjoyed my stay at Mandalay Bay. I especially liked the wave pool, room service food, and clean casino.I stayed at 2*1500 sweet, and it had two rooms. One room had one big bed and the other room had two small beds. The big bed was comfortable and relaxing, but the two small beds were not comfortable, and made it hard to fall asleep.What I especially did not like about my stay were towels in the bathrooms. They were not soft and contained lots of dust, so I didn't feel good using them.Overall, I liked the hotel, but I did not like the towels.
5	Went to a pool party there Sunday and ended up getting a room and staying the night. The room was huge and really nice. Didn't see much of the other parts of the hotel. The pool party was a blast. Nothing better than techno and drinking at a pool.
3	The hotel itself is beautiful. However - maybe it's because I work in hospitality... it really bothered me that when we walked into our hotel room the bed skirts were all wrinkled and sagging off the bed, the carpet had stains and the bathroom smelled musty and moldy. The pools were amazing but you cannot get a spot if you get up any later than 9. The staff was very friendly and the restaurant options in the hotel are fantastic. I would say that the hotel room was sub par but the rest of the hotel itself was great.
2	not near good enough for what you pay.paid $400 for a basic room on a Sat night, plus the BS resort fee. Add in extra charges like cabana, and outrageous food bills and this comes close to being a total rip off. I've stayed at truly world class hotels that charge less.
4	I know it's already been said on here but it's not an understatement when someone says this is one of the most beautiful Casinos in Las Vegas. Place is pretty large, you can actually get lost if you don't watch where you're going!Day after day the maid service is great, they make sure your room is taken care of, it's very refreshing to be able to come back to a room that has fresh sheets, fresh pillow covers, fresh towels and all. They leave your room spotless.The only reason I took a star off, is the pool area.. It can be very hard searching for a seat, you'll be lucky if you can get one. The gazebo's are $700 a day to rent and the bartenders can be rude when they are busy or was our experience when getting drink from Todd.
4	I went here with my company since we had our annual meeting here. This was actually my first time in Vegas and it was amazing!! Pretty much everything you expect from Vegas but when you are there it is way better. The rooms we had were great and very spacious and had everything you could want. Since we had a lot of our meetings here we also were able to try all the food they normally prepare. All the food there was AMAZING as well. The snacks they had for us was also great and I spent a majority of my time in the hotel and didnt even know i did not leave that often. The staff is great and they will do anything to help you. Next time I am in vegas I will probabaly stay here again!
1	BIRTHDAY FOR HUBBY UGHFirst of all I booked this on Priceline, I booked a room with a separate living space. It did not happen that way at checkin. WE WERE actually given a standard room.We also called the hotel directly on May 10th, to verify the bedding would be hypo allergenic (no goose or down at all), I requested a fridge for a medical need, and a baby crib too. I was also promised a beech credit of 50. I recorded the call to verify all was ready to go.We selected the M BAY for the pools, shark reef exhibit, and the it being on the end of the strip, with the boys. When we arrived it took one hour and thirty minutes to check in. No help with our bags. After the checking in the issues and more concerns piled up, only to not be resolved in a timely manor, or only after asking for the same item more than once. If it even was resolved at all.The standard room, was dirty.1. Hair on bed and pillows.2. Toilet had number 2 stains in it.3. Snack tray was there, but item was open gross I am hoping no charge for that.4. Wrong bedding5. there was no way I was going to stay in the wrong room either.  I spoke to the main desk. who promised us help quickly. We Waited for the agent we spoke to to come move us he did not?6. We called guest services again and then were told to hold by Rachel. She spoke To agent one and said he actually would not move us right away and that the wait was not too bad, and then stated the first agent had to get permission from the supervisor to help us. However he did not and was unable to call us back in the whole forty minutes we waited.3. All of a sudden the crib shows up, and he tries to put it in the room. Unfortunately that is when I called back to the desk, as we were moving rooms or so I thought. THE SECOND ROOM WAS WORSE.1. The view was nice, but that's all.2. It was still the wrong room, as it had no king and no separate bed for the kids, no living space, and no baby crib, or fridge, 3. Dirty headboard with white fluid on it? I have the pictures. The room smelled like smoke, and would have to wait for bedding to be changed. 4. Called and spoke to The only assistant night manager, who was awful his name was TREA, (Trey).HE WANTED TO JUST HAVE US WAIT IN THE FILTH AND HAVE A MAID EVENTUALLY CLEAN THE ROOM. I WAS NOT ABLE TO ALLOW THAT WITH OUR  KIDS AND US. THE ROOM WAS REALLY NOT CLEAN AND WAS IN ITS OWN RIGHT A HEALTH HAZARD. WE WERE EVEN TOLD TO STORE MEDS IN MINI BAR.ANOTHER ISSUE, we took our bags to the bell desk as the assistance never came to the room to help load them. I was so upset I ended up talking to TK as I refused to talk to TREA. He had us store our bags at the bell desk.We then had to leave our bags at the bell desk while again they tried to fix the room cleanliness issue, and get us into the correct the room. I brought down my iPad to guest services and showed TK the booking to make sure it would run smoothly. He said it would be correct and that the crib and fridge would be in the room and cold when we got back. The only thing is we would have to have call down for our luggage when we get back to the room later. All of this took at least another hour and a half if not more.ROOM THREE - WORSE YET AFTER RETURNING AT TEN AT NIGHT, we came back to the room only to be shocked by just a king bed. where does my older son sleep!  Where does the baby sleep.  NO BABY CRIB NO FRIDGE. WE HAD JUST REPLACED THE MEDS FROM CVS.  Which one expensive fix. It was still the wrong room. I called down to guest services again, and was told they can't get another room right now, but could get us or correct room tomorrow. They left us in a jam and we were forced to take the room as is. Tub was dirty too. The baby crib did not show up after three calls and closer to midnight, and the rollaway bed that was promised for our older son never came. The fridge came before the baby crib at 11:39 PM. I was very upset at this point. As soon as the baby bed came, everyone crashed. My poor husband in a chair as we did not have enough beds for us. A great way to spend his birthday trip sleeping, waiting and asking for help with issues. THE FORTH ROOM, FINALY THE CORRECT ROOM, MY HUSBAND HIMSELF MOVED US IN WITH WHAT HE COULD CARRY AND WAITED FOR THE REST OF OUR LUGAGE TO ARRIVE. he waited forty minutes. The fridge never came, the baby bed had to asked about two times, but the room was right. Crappy view beyond what vegas should have, literally faces another wall, and when you look down there is a ton of pipes and bird poop. AGAIN I HAVE A PICTURE. HERE IS WHAT WE WRE PROVIDEDCRAPPY FLOOR SERVICE WHILE AT THE CASINO, got one drink in two hours plus.A SHARK REEF VISIT ON THEM, AND a 100 dollar credit. We also requested a late check-out do to our super late check-in and all the room changes. IT IS NOT WORTH IT TO STAY HERE. I WOULD RATHER GO TO THE RIO, or the hard rock.WE want is a complete refund of time, to book someplace else without stress. LOVE RIO!
4	We had a great time here.  The pools were awesome and actually kid friendly.  I only have 2 complaints about this place.  Only one good hand of blackjack out of 20, and no refrigerator in the room.
1	The worst experience ever. Don't ever stay there!! They gave us a room that smelled like throw up, after complaining the moved us to a so called suite. This room was from the 70's. Had a broken shade and broken phone and dry boogers on the comforter. Manager came and all they could say was sorry and I had to wait over two hours for one to show up. Now there is a bug into room . Never will I stay here!!! Ever
3	I stayed at Mandalay Bay for the Lionel Ritchie concert on June 6.  Its a long trek from self parking to reservation desk. There was a long line at reservation desk just like MGM Grand.  We waited about 15 or 20min wait to the desk.  The reservation lady was nice.  She was handing out water bottles as freebie.  The elevators are always busy and some of the elevators don't automatically closed so you would have to close it manually.  Very annoying!  Our nice room is average and nice except the bed was soft.  The bathroom is nice and clean.  Our cleaning lady finally came to clean our room on Saturday later afternoon before she went up the next floor.  Best feature it has a tram to Excalibur or connected to Luxor by walking through the shopping mall.  They have 2 starbucks and each end of the casino floor.  There seem to be less slots and less people gambling.  Its very sad to see.
1	They have asked my to contact them, and sadly I have twice since the review. Who ever asked that has not responded since.
3	I have stayed at the Mandalay Bay several times over the years and I am afraid that the quality is deteriorating. I see many more stained carpets, trash left in the halls etc. The food choices are abysmal. The buffet is way overpriced for such mediocre food. I understand that is must be difficult to ventilate such a large casino area but sometimes it is absolutely horrible to walk through the casino because of the cigarette smoke. The staff is friendly with one major exception: a young woman that works in the quick shop by the elevators was extremely rude to customers.
3	I am not a Vegas kind of person, as the gambling, drinking, etc. are not appealing at all.  However, a work conference was held at the Mandalay Bay convention center, so it made sense to stay at the same hotel and minimize traveling around.I must give the hotel credit for being quite well-run.  The room was large enough and had plenty of closet space, and the view of the strip and the airport from the 26th floor was quite impressive.  To give on example of being well-run, let me point to check-in.  I arrived at 11 AM on a Saturday morning to find a very long line for check-in.  Those early morning flights from the East Coast arrive around that time, so I should not have been surprised.  I thought that I would wait in line for an hour and find out that no rooms were available until the 3 PM check-in time.  Then I would have to check my bags with the valet and wander around for a few hours.Well, I was wrong on all accounts.  The wait was maybe 30 minutes.  They had rooms available and were able to put me on the side away from the pool and the loud Sunday night pool parties.  And the hotel was not really any louder than other ones I have stayed in.  So, I wouild stay here again and recommend it to anyone else.
5	my favorite casino on the strip. service is always really good. staff always friendly and professional. mandalay beach is a good place to see a concert too!
5	Randall, Rob, Catrice,and Willie at the wave pool we're the best ever. They were nice and very helpful! Ill come back just for them :)
1	I was invited by a major toy company to join them at the Licensing Expo this week at the Mandalay Bay convention center. The combined booking value of exhibitor space plus hotel rooms for the entire staff is in the neighborhood of $100k.Due to a minor billing technicality with a couple of rooms, which company resolved immediately, I was refused entry to my room and I was personally threatened by the rudest front desk manager to have me removed by hotel security, unless the billing issue was resolved. No apology was given to me, and when I calmly pointed out the sheer rudeness and disrespectfulness of that manager towards a hotel guest, she said that I was "entitled to my opinion".Maybe it wasn't a coincidence that upon leaving the front desk my colleague and I were hustled by two young hookers in the lobby. Mandalay Bay has clearly sunk to the lowest level, and I would advise any potential guest, not to mention corporations to take their business elsewhere.
1	I love this place but this time around it treated me very wrong , Came there with a group of 12 had 5 rooms rented 4 of us showed up at 2pm and the rest of our party showed up at 9;45 pm . the room was under our friends name who attends this hotel often and even with him on the phone verifying who he was and giving us permission to enter a room ( we offered a credit card) would not let us check in. we had to purchase another room and told that when our hosts arrived that we would be refunded our money likely!!! Because we had reserved so many rooms and just transferred to there bill. Not the case at all we were not allowed to check our bags because we were not the renters on the agreement. So we rented a room to change in thinking that we would just stay in the room when our hosts arrived at the rate arranged per our hosts... Not the case charged full price and treated very rudely when trying to organize the chaos. we werent looking for a free place just to check in an hour early. we had the host on the phone with the manager giving us permission to check in with credit card used to reserve the rooms(also a vip player by there standards) and still we were forced to rent another room on top the 5 we reserved . I gotta say i love this property but we were here for a good time and i spent the first 3 hrs of my vacation bickering back and forth with front desk. Then when our hosts arrived we spent another 45 minutes with vip services and they flat out said sorry do you want the rooms you reserved or not...i know it was a busy weekend i understand we were there to have a good time we werent rude due to most of us being in the service industry we just wanted to have fun and enjoy our surroundings at a price we had agreed upon.... We were treated poorly and it totally bums me out because we have had so much fun here in the past. our group of 12 spent a significant amount of money here AGAIN!!!! But i think in the future we will look elsewhere due to the fake promises and outlandish rules
3	Michael Jackson show is here!Dont forget your id for the pool.The pool is great.   Sandy areas, wave pool and a river, multiple bars. The room was a bit dirty.  Eww. I found a bug in the bed.  I asked for all new bedding and i just got a pillow sheet and blanket.  I changed the bedding and i always bring disinfecting wipes when i travel.  I wiped down the phone, light switches, tables and bathroom.  Everything needed a good cleaning.Always check your sheets before you settle in.No chairs in the check in area so i had to sit on my luggage or the floor.  There is a starbucks in the hotel for morning coffee but it was packed at 11am.
1	had to update this due to how ridiculous this is...after several calls to the director of risk management to, at the very least, complain about how rude the woman in her department was, with no call back, I instead received a letter from her.  The letter said that she knows that I have been trying to get a hold of her, but that she wanted to say that there is nothing that she can do about my claim.  Hu? Seriously? She couldn't take the time to just call me back, but yet instead writes a letter, and just assumes to know why I was trying to call her?I gave up.  Just blown away by the stupidity and complete lack of care for my claim.  I'm sure that's just what they wanted.Lesson: If you're looking for a job in Las Vegas either become a valet at The Hotel, because according to their own management, valeting your car there is like "giving your car to a stranger"....so therefore valets there are no better than giving your car to a guy on the street and hoping your car and it's contents will be OK.  OR get a job in risk management and just master the art of making the people feel like it's their fault for taking the risk to come to Mandalay Bay/The Hotel and shift all blame off of the hotel.
4	As south on the Strip as you can get sits this gorgeous golden high-rise.  I'm tempted to say I'd rather be more centrally located on my next Vegas visit, but I don't know.  I really enjoyed Mandalay Bay!The rooms are pretty swanky, in addition to being very spacious and comfortable, though our romantic bath for two did turn into a comedy of errors in the way-smaller-than-it seems bathtub.  It really is far from everything.  There is a tram that takes you to Excalibur and the taxi line moves along quickly, but if you plan on spending a lot of time on the strip, walking will be a pain in the ass.  Blisters, blisters everywhere!  They have an entire beach situation going on complete with sand, a wave pool, lazy river, etc.  We spent an entire morning cruising around the lazy river in some inner tubes.  It gets pretty packed, so come before 11 for some solitude and relaxation.  There are many dining options, but the one you should go to is Border Grill!  Like, every night.  Don't even bother with the other ones.  Oh and I had a delicious pasta from my first ever room service experience!  In all honesty, we ended up staying here because it was the only place under $400/night we could book a week in advance of a holiday weekend.  And I want to think I'd want to be more central next time, but in reality I'd be whining about Border Grill and the lazy river all weekend.
5	Ok, so on first thought, Mandalay Bay seems SO FAR AWAY from the rest of the strip (aka, where life happens at Caesar's, Bellagio, and Aria). HOWEVER, upon visiting, my bestie and I discovered that there's a convenient (AND FREE) monorail that goes to both Excalibur and Luxor. Problem solved.Beautiful hotel with beautiful gold windows. Home to Michael Jackson One, House of Blues, and an abundant number of shops, such as LUSH.I'd have to give this 5 stars because it's probably the ultimate couples' hotel. Perfect for a romantic weekend, secluded enough from the action, yet close enough to it.
1	The valet was the worst I have ever seen. I've been waiting over an hour just to get my car valeted.  It's seems that 10 cars at one time is too much confusion for them.
4	I just recently stayed at The Mandalay Bay because my regular (The Signature) hotel was booked.  The entrance to the hotel from Las Vegas BLVD is a bit confusing so pay attention. The check in process was long and it reminded me of a check in line at a busy airport.  Once you get past all that.  The rooms are nice and clean.  I liked the view of the pools I had from the 20th floor.  The staff was really friendly and helpful.  However, bring your own snacks and drinks the in room mini snacks are crazy expensive (like $8 for a bag of peanut M&M's).  The pool area is well worth the value by it self.  There are several pools that are family friendly and comfortable. They have a lazy river but you have to buy your own tube at about $25 for a big one and $20 for a small one.  These are tubes you can buy at Target for less than $4, so its your call.
1	It is inconceivable to me that an organization in a competitive business like the casino business could be as tone-deaf as the Mandalay Bay.  One hour wait times for check-in are a constant here.  They had four clerks working registration when I arrived. A supervisor was standing there checking her nails. When I complained, the clerk looked so used to hearing the complaint  that he offered me an upgrade before I finished a sentence.  The promised follow up from customer relations never came.   When the clerk started to tell me about the wonderful restaurants on site, I told him he was crazy if he thought I'd spend any money there but would gamble and eat at another casino.  And this was just to check in.  I can't imagine what they'd do if I had a real problem.
1	I was so disappointed in this hotel. I'll list the reasons for my poor rating in the order of the experience. If you don't want to read everything, just know that this hotel is a huge impersonal machine. All they want is your money and if you don't have a great experience, they don't care, because there are tons of other suckers out there that will fill their rooms. The only people that were nice to us were the bell hops, who helped us with our luggage.1. The valet parking was full. Granted, this hotel is huge, but if you have a huge hotel, you should have the appropriate amount of parking available. Since we also had a trailer, we had to park in a remote part of the parking lot and walk forever to get back to the hotel in the heat. There wasn't an entrance to the resort near the parking lot.2. The line for check in was extremely long. When I finally got to the desk, they did not honor my reservation for a king bed. They said they were out of those rooms and I had to have two queens. I asked what the point of making a reservation for a particular type of room is if they don't honor that. They said that the room choice is just a "preference" and if they can accommodate that, then they will. To me this is poor planning. If I had arrived a little earlier maybe I would have beat the others to get the type of room I wanted. When I've made reservations online before, I know there are limits on how many of a type of room is available. So, they should be able to plan accordingly. They were extremely unapologetic about it. 3. When I tried to log in to the free wireless internet, there was an error. I called the service desk and when they asked me if I spelled my name a particular way, they spelled a completely different name. I told them that wasn't my name. The person tried to look up my reservation and couldn't even find me as a registered guest. This took the person about 15 minutes of calling others and figuring out that the person who checked me in made some mistake. Again, they didn't do anything to say sorry or make things better by maybe upgrading the wifi. 4. The pillows were like hard lumpy sacks. The decorative pillows were softer and more comfortable, but they didn't have regular pillow cases on them so it wasn't comfortable to sleep on.5. When we checked out, we again complained to the desk clerk about the poor experience. He didn't care one bit that we didn't enjoy our stay.I will NEVER stay at this hotel or another one owned by the MGM group of hotels/casinos in Las Vegas.
1	My son wants to stay here because of the lazy river and wave pool. Two days before my vacation,  I got an email on Thursday before my Saturday vacation that I can upgrade for a suite at The Hotel for $15 more. The website told me that I will get a confirmed email in 24 hours. No email was sent out. I emailed marketing and got email back said no upgrade.  Disappointed.  I ate at Bayside buffet and the food is not good at all. Can't believe it at all. My son did not like anything at all. No mac and cheese or slider for kid. I could not find anything that was good to remember. Resort fee $28 is not worth it.  The room is good size but do not trust cleanliness.
4	Awesome place to stay.  We arrived late due to a flight delay and they had already given our room away.  The woman at reception apologized and then proceeded to upgrade us with a bigger room with the best view of the strip (in my opinion). The pools were why we decided to stay here and we weren't disappointed.  Two small pools, a lazy river, and a large wave pool (only one wave every five or ten minutes though). The pool vibe was much tamer than I expected.  Daylight (day pool party) was going strong, but steep cover charge.  Great food options around the casino. The bars inside were pricey, but to be expected.  Overall, this was a great place to stay and would come back.
3	Lesson Learned NOT to stay at this place in June! Next time I will stay at Aria or a newer hotel. Staff was polite....they did their job. Our housekeeper was the friendliest person we came in conact with!!!
1	The hotel is beautiful and a bit far from the strip but I am rating 1 star because of their customer service...DO NOT TOUCH OR MOVE THE LIQUOR. even to read it or look at it; YOU WILL BE CHARGED FOR "SANITARY REASONS". If I had known I was going to be charged, for something I did not drink and it was still sealed, I would have drank it. However, I didn't so I'm paying for liquor I did not use. I had brought my own liquor and went on the strip to drink so I'm pretty P.O.'d that they are charging me $95 for two small damn bottles I could get for 20$ together... The main reason I did not bother even opening them or give them a second look. I think it's absurd how it's for sanitary reasons yet there was a big STAIN on my sheet but I tossed that aside and used my blanket I brought along instead to lay on and staff has to handle the bottle anyways. I wasn't really going to be in the hotel anyways (I was gone all day except for between 5am to 10am each day for the 4 days I stars there). I called customer service to dispute it exactly the day after when I noticed it and she was rude and did not give a **** and kept repeating herself three times when I did not ask about what she was answering with. I mean, sure I have the funds but the point is I was not aware or given notice of that charge. You are customer service for a reason - do not be rude. If I am paying over 700$ for a 3-day stay, I do not want to have an unpleasant experience. SO DO NOT MOVE THE LIQUOR OR ELSE A FINGERPRINT WILL GET YOU CHARGED. CHECK YOUR BED SHEETS (As. You should always anyways) and prepare to WALK far to the strip.I will not be taking my service to any MGM Grand hotel any further and I will let everyone I know to be careful or you will get a bunch of unwanted charges. Thanks for reading!
1	Thought it was a four star found out its a one star. Reserved our room a month ahead of time. Thought we were getting a king size bed. I was told they didn't have any available but they would put us in a queen for the night and check with them in the morning after 11. So did that same freaking excuse. Spend most of the first day stuck at the hotel thinking we might be moved to a bigger bed. Never made it to the pools but we did see one. Looked more like a water park for kids than a relaxing time for adults. If you stay here just be sure you're in great shape cause it's a ways down to get a good drink. The slots were nice but the best way down the road and cheaper to play. Yes, you can take the free monorail to two hotels up the strip, there's your star! Staff was rude! Except the cleaning staff they are really nice, said good morning to us every morning as we went to get our coffee cause guess what there isn't a coffee pot in the room!!! Starbucks is making a killing. The place is pretty but there isn't much to see if you just looking for the glitz that you expect for Vegas. Just avoid this place unless you like "vanilla"!
5	I HAVE REALLY ENJOYED MY TIME HEAR.These people work round the clock to keep this place clean,even after 1000's of people have used it. The elevators are  and fast,at some times can be very busy. I ejoyed a casino coffee bar where a bagle an chreem cheese with my moca~coffee was breakfast of champions. The rooms are fantastic with these hugh bathrooms for taking care of business, the room room technitions made sure we had clean bathing towels every day...Thank's also  Their closets have alot of space for clothing.I will be back to enjoy the hotel in the future.
1	If only I could I would give zero stars... We won't be staying here again. Check in at 10 am took over an hour just in line (check in is technically 3pm we weren't expecting such a wait.) When I finally got to the desk my reservation was not right and my comps were not showing correctly. The woman refused to check into anything to make it right despite me calling three time the past month to re confirm the correct comps and reservation. We booked our hotel over three months ago for our anniversary and they were more than happy to take our credit card and be so incredibly helpful and sweet when we booked, they supposedly added a request for a high floor room with a strip view to help us celebrate our anniversary.... when I arrived I was willing to wait for the room because I knew I was early for check-in (I called the day before to confirm the room again, jut btw) We ended up on the 8th floor with a "lovely" view of the parking lot. It was horrible. 8th floor isn't exactly a high floor lol. After dealing with the incorrect reservation and calling concierge, only to speak with yet another incredibly rude woman regarding my comps for the spa I was pretty much over our stay. But I dull had a spa reservation...Check in took so long and our flight was late yet I called Mandalay Bay Spa 2 hours in advance to cancel my spa appt (they require 2 hour cancellation) but I sat on hold for 30 minutes....which apparently gave them the opportunity to just charge me for the services even tho I couldn't be there in time due to check in and out fight. I spoke with another concierge as well as the spa manager and they refused to be of any assistance, except to just charge me. After finding this out I decided I just may as well make it work and by a near miracle, I ran as fast as I could to the spa and made it to there in time for my appt. Only to find increasingly rude service there as well. I was escorted to the entrance to get my robe, slippers, key, etc and there was no attendant.... I waited for five minutes and still no attendant.... I had to walk back out to the lobby and the only lady willing to even acknowledge me was visibly annoyed by me coming to "bother" her to get some assistance just to get a locker key and robe. It was just a terrible experience by the spa check in staff and for no reason....I was honestly beyond nice to the staff despite the confusion on my appointment and I was still treated as tho I was an inconvenience. I am a five star spa veteran and have never experienced such rude service in my life. The facilities were nice, but half of the showers were not in proper working order. Overall just a terrible experience at Mandalay Bay Hotel and Spa. My husband and I have stayed here before and had a nice time so we expected the same this time for our anniversary but we will not be staying at Mandalay again due to the horrific customer service by the concierge, front desk and Spa. We ended up actually leaving and staying at The Wynn where we were upgraded to the 53rd floor (not our "high 8th floor" at Mandalay lol) Wynn gave us one of the most amazing views at boo cost and no hassle!!!! We are recommending The Wynn and will stay away from Mandalay!
1	check in line sucks been standing here forever. You'd think they'd at least have all the front desk spots open and working.
3	The pools were nice and the buffet was alright for a buffet but between the bad ac and the departure service, it gets only three stars.  The rooms were quite nice but the ac seemed like it wasn't accurate.  I put my room to 72 and it felt like 79.  The taxi/bag service when departing was really poorly organized and took forever.  I spent three great days here but left with a very bad taste in my mouth because the departing service was absolutely atrocious.
4	So it's about as far away as you can get from anywhere you'd want to go to on the strip and still be on "the strip" and honestly getting anywhere without a taxi is kind of a pain in the ass. Especially when it's hot. So if you're looking to have a central base to operate out of for drunken adventures in Vegas, go elsewhere. But, I'm not that person anymore. I don't mind mostly sticking to my own hotel/resort, as long as it's good and there's stuff to do, and the Mandalay Bay pays off in that regard. There's decent restaurants (really, go to the Border Grill), the pool is awesome (show up at the lazy river early and don't bother with renting a locker, they're a pain in the ass to get to and unnecessary), and the aquarium is actually kind of cool and worth a visit.You can sort of get to somewhere you want to go if you take the tram to Excalibur and then walk from there, but pedestrian traffic to and from this place seems to be actively discouraged.Also, if given the choice of a pool view or strip view take the pool view any time, since the "strip view" really just kind of overlooks the airport and some weird mystery construction project next to McDonalds.
4	Mandalay Bay is a great hotel on the outside strip of Las Vegas.  We stayed here for 4 nights, especially to hang out at the pools!When you arrive, the bell hops and valets are very quick to grab your luggage and get you to the lobby to check in!  Super!Our luggage arrived at our room almost 5 minutes after we arrived.  Super!The Pools:  FUN!  There are 4 main pools:  1) The Wave Pool, 2) The Lazy River, 3) The general pool, and 4) a smaller pool.  The water is kept very clean, despite everyone's sun tan lotion and suntan oils constantly being put in the pool.  The life guards are young, which means that they aren't fully excited about their jobs.  Most of them just appeared satisfied to be there.HUGE KUDOS goes out to LIFEGUARD TAMMY!  She is a very experienced lifeguard, who was constantly watching the guests like a hawk!  She made swimming in the pools very safe.  I even saw her helping a couple of handicapped, pregnant, and new mothers find seats in the very crowded pools.  She constantly cleaned up towels that the guests had laying around and left without picking up after themselves.  She was always looking to clean up after guests and to make it a very comfortable and safe place to relax.  Thank you Tammy!The rooms in the hotel are large, clean, and newly updated.  The beds are comfortable.I have two minor complaints about my stay:  First, I tried to call the front desk to ask a question and ended up calling twice.  The first time I called, it rang 15-20 times and no one picked up.  The second time I called it rang 15+ times and someone finally picked up the call. My other complaint is that I called the Bell Service to help with our luggage at 11:30.  Checkout time is supposed to be 11:00, but we got a late checkout at 12:00.  After three calls to the Bell Service and after tipping one of the bell boys downstairs to lure him to the room to help us with our luggage, we were finally assisted at 12:45.  We waited ONE HOUR and 15 MINUTES for a Bell boy to help us with the luggage.  I realized that it was right after the peak time of checking out, but that was pathetic!Facilities Grade:  B+Service Grade:  D-Waterpark Features & Services:  A+Worth the Money Grade:  BOverall Impression Grade:  B
5	We arrived for a conference and were told our class of room was no longer available.  The clerk quickly arranged an upgrade and we spent three days in an incredible suite.  Every detail was taken care of and our experience was amazing.  We will definitely return.
5	Had a great time with the family over the 4th! We had thunder n lighting.....rain last night, after the fireworks shows. It was like taking a shower, as it's been well over 109 here. Time to hit the road....back to the coast of California.
5	Stayed here again and it was just as amazing! I am staying at the The Hotel at Mandalay in a couple of weeks,as a birthday treat to myself, I cant wait!
4	I honestly enjoyed my stay here, but I'm deducting one star for a very rude employee named Wendy. Wendy clicked the phone on me when I called from my hotel floor informing her I was locked out of the room. All because I wasn't the official name under the room, the security wasn't able to help me unlock the door (fine), but instead of telling me politely, she slammed the phone on me, and yes, I was still locked out for a good 15 min until the person the room was under came back up for me.Aside from Wendy darlin', I loved my spacious non-smoking room on the 19th floor with a beautiful pool view. I def had lotsa fun spying on people at the pool,and at daylight beach club on my lazy mornings, haha.
1	The worst service I have ever received at a hotel. Waited 1.5 hours to check in with only 3 front desk staff. Lost my sons life vest and tried getting in touch with lost and found and they kept switching me to other people. Never could I get someone to actually help me till I waited to get a right answer from a supervisor. Got my car from the valet and noticed a crack on the windshield of my passenger side. Ordered dinner at the noodle shop to take upstairs to feed my baby and the order was completely wrong after I got up. I called the restaurant and it took me 20 min to convince them to bring it up to me. I had the worst experience ever. If u want service or help in anyway, this is NOT the hotel!!!!
2	Everything was great overall.... a little pricey and $25.00 bucks for a float tube for the Lazy River? My "Main" problem was I was told, back in Feburary I could get my military discount, but had to do it when we showed up on July 3rd. for our 3 day vacation and just show my DOD ID. When we got there last week and the check in agent told me I should've done this when we did our reservations. I wanted to give them the #'s I told her. She said..."I don't know what to tell you, sir! I can't change it this busy 4th of July weekend. My wife told me...just leave it along honey, it's OK! So, I did! But now, after we got back home....I still think it's not right.
3	The hotel itself is great but customer service is poor. We came to check in at 7pm and were told our room wasn't ready. How this is possible is beyond me. We had somewhere to be so we needed a room to freshen up. We asked about a suite upgrade since our room wasn't ready and were told it would be 50$ a night but since our room wasn't ready she could do 30$. At this point I would think it appropriate to offer any other options that were available, however they did not. We took the upgrade but were then told the suite in Mandalay Bay wasn't ready either but that we could move to THE hotel. Once we got to the room I called to speak to a manager because it really isn't acceptable to not have a room ready so late in the day and to be charged for an upgrade when other options were available but not given. The customer service person I got routed to had no intention of listening to what I had to say or of giving me to someone in management which is what I kept asking for. She kept giving reasons for why it was ok that we were treated this way. She even went so far as to say "well, rooms were ready, Mrs. So-and-so" Clearly not the room we booked was ready otherwise we would not be having this discussion. When I travel I pay for an experience, not just a room. The room itself is nice, recently upgraded and very clean feeling.
5	5 stars because my girlfriend lost her wallet and had it back in her hand in less than 10 minutes thanks to the wonderful security at this hotel. They took what would have been a deal-breaker for the entire trip and turned it into a very positive experience.
2	Pools too crowded.Too long of line to check in. Its ok if they take my money at the tables but it was not right the maid stole $100 that we hid in closet. I will not stay there again.
3	I just spent two nights here (7/7 and 7/8) for a mini summer vacation with kids and older parents.  Check-In time was not impressive, it was a long line on Monday July 7th.  When we finally got to the counter to check-in the staff that was helping us just walk away and didn't tell us where he was going.  After 10mins of waiting, we asked the counter staff next to us if she can help us (her name is Sara) and she did wonderful, professional and friendly job, big kudos to her!  However, we didn't get our rooms for an hour and half after check-in and there were no lounge area to rest after a long drive so it was annoying.  On the good notes - the rooms were clean, the bed was very comfortable, the bathroom was clean and nice.  The pool was good for the kids.  The staffs around the facility were friendly and helpful!  The restaurants and shops were ok.  The Citizens Restaurant has very good latte and foods were decent.  The casino areas are roomy and high ceiling so you don't smell the smoke at all.  You can take the tram to Luxor or Excalibur and walk about two or three minutes into the strip where all the nightlight are.  Overall experience, I say it is alright.  Would probably stay elsewhere in the middle of the strip next time.
2	I upgraded the rating on this resort from a one star to a two star because they contacted me and apologized for the poor service. They gave me a voucher for a free night. If I do go back to Vegas, maybe I'll take them up on the offer to make up for this stay. Overall, they need to improve their customer service. I hope they do!
5	Pools!! Room!! Nice place! Lots of Fun!! The pools are allot of fun!!  FUN FUN FUN
4	Who doesn't love comp-rooms?! Anywho, service here needs a bit of help but I mean, the rooms are pretty nice. The place itself is amazing, especially the beach/pool area. The lifeguards there need.. I'm not sure what they need but everyone looked so sad. There were about 10 lifeguards at the wave pool alone & none of them had smiles on. All wore frowns & looked down. WEIRD.The lady to helped us at the front desk was okay. She wasn't too friendly but wasn't rude. We had to go to 3 different places just to get settled but in the end, it all worked out. This place is also under construction so maybe next time I come, it'll be finish.
1	It's hard to imagine only 1 star due to this hotel being above average in cost.  When I'm paying for a nicer hotel, I expect at least B+ service.   We left with the impression that this hotel is all about squeezing every dollar out of you and they're not worried about feedback since there are 1500 more people checking in every day. 1.  Lazy river.   They advertise this big time but they don't tell you they charge $24 for an inner tube.  If not free, they should at least rent them for a few bucks, right?   TIP: Go to CVS on the strip and get the same inner tube for $4.   2.  They advertise the shark reef but it costs $18 for this mildly entertaining adventure.3.  No coffee in the rooms.  Ok, my math says they save around $1,000,000 per year by not having coffee in 4000 rooms.  Fine.  At least have enough coffee shops in the hotel.  There's only Starbucks and one other coffee place.   I don't even mind the extra markup.  However I waited 30 - 45 minutes in the morning for a cup of coffee with a bunch of angry people.  They're also grumbling about the lazy river while waiting for coffee.  4.  After driving hours to get there, we had to wait 45 minutes to valet our car.  The valet parker told me it's like that all summer long.   Translation:  They're too cheap to hire 2 more valet guys to make it quicker.   When I left and came back that night, another 30 minutes in the valet line.  Outrageous.5.   Problems with our room:  Bathtub was dirty and 2 lights didn't work.  Any time you try to give feedback they say the same thing:  Sorry, we have 1500 people checking in today.On day two, I phoned guest services to tell them I'm not happy and I may check out a day early.   Their response:  "Ok sir, I have you leaving on the 27th now.   Any thing else?"   They didn't even ask what the problem was.  I filled out an email survey stating all of the above and asked them to contact me.  NO RESPONSE.   My wife is so easy to please and she encouraged me to check out early.    We came across dozens of guests that were having a similar experience.    Keep ignoring us but eventually it will catch up with this hotel.  I will never stay here again and it's a shame.   If they just cared a little, it would be a great place.   The wave pool and lazy river are fun for kids.
5	I recently had the pleasure  of staying at Mandalay Bay. I have stayed at many of the other hotels on the strip (MGM, Planet Hollywood, Venetian, Treasure Island and Hard Rock) and expected Mandalay Bay to be about the same...it was sooooo much better! Although the check-in line was long (about a 30 minute wait) the front desk staff was very accommodating and even gave us a "suite" upgrade when we asked! The suite (on the 61st floor!) was stunning! Full dining room, living room and bedroom. 1 1/2 bath (full bath had a tub with jets) and a half kitchen (small fridge only). We had views of the airport, lazy river and wave pools. It was awesome!!We visited the pools and lazy river and enjoyed our time. I wish we had known to bring a pool float for the lazy river- we had to buy one there for $25! Yikes! Also had the chance to check out Moorea (adults only pool on the upper level). It was relaxing (loved the pool with jets) and had a great view. Overall, Mandalay Bay is one of the most hospitable and friendly hotels on the strip. It is good for a variety of groups (couples, singles, families, bachelor/bachelorette parties) and has a range of activities on site! I will definitely be back!
1	I have arrived to an instant migraine, the current construction in the main lobby of check-in/reception is beyond obnoxious, my ears are ringing and I have been standing in line to check in for over 30 minutes! Customer service is completely neglected by the lack of employees facilitating check in..... Do not stay here already off to migraine induced, annoying start! Figure it out Mandalay Bay! Especially for the price your guests pay!  Ugh!!!!
1	Came here for a vacation for one night and they made me wait for over an hour to check in WHILE THERE IS POUNDING CONSTRUCTION!!# OH MY GOD... ITS SO LOUD AND ITS HURTING MY HEAD. I CAME HERE TO RELAX!! Not to mention the service is super slow and they put so few check in clerks that the line takes a long time to move!! The check in guy George is also not trained well so he keeps going back and forth just to check us in to an already prepaid room!!
3	Valet full for our entire stay. Buffet and cafe closed at the same time in the afternoon.Have yet to hear back about cloths my son left in the room.Other than this it was OK. Stayed 3 days here and 3 at Bellagio. Bellagio way better.
1	Booked two suites at the Mandaly bay resort and I was switched to THe Hotel. 8 in my party and needed the big rooms. They switched it on me and was not compensated. Butt sore? Yes.
1	was in line for 2 hours to check in, no explanation given for the ridiculously  slow service, a nightmare.
1	SHAME SHAME SHAME ON YOU MANDALAY BAY...1-star because I can't post otherwise... if I could give u a negative, you would have it..Originally posted on Facebook 7/8/2014On what was to be my 1st experience in Las Vegas, this is the poorest excuse of customer service I have ever experienced.Upon check in, we were made aware that special requests were only honored when available. I get that. I'm not completely clueless to customer demand. But upon check-in, it should not have taken your agent to have to go back to 'back office' four times for a manager to come out to field a customer complaint. And when said manager, I believe her name was Kristin Kutcher, I thought it was to work some "customer service magic" and come up with a compromise, not to basically tell us "tough shi*". So begrudgingly, we took the handicap accessible room that was given to us. (Also, I would seriously reconsider your training tools when it is acceptable for a 'manager' to respond with blatant attitude from two customer service stations away about "how much she DOES LOVE HER JOB, thank you very much", when a unsatisfied customer voices his difference of opinion to HIS friend).Come to find out the next morning that the shower that only had a curtain, no lip or door, drain was clogged which flooded our entire bathroom. When going downstairs to complain, we had a maintenance person basically plunge and snake the drain and use the towels designated to OUR ROOM to clean it up. And THEN dump all the dirty towels in the bathtub and say somebody will be back later to clean this up... and 8 hours later, with dirty towels STILL in the tub and dried up left over debris from the drain all over the floor, NADA?!?!? And on top of that one of the 2 TVs didn't even work. Room # 33125, in case you were wondering. Upon coming downstairs to inquire about the situation, I was given notice about the room change and what kind of timely manner I was expected to collect my things. So within an hour, our room was changed (to #33317) which was about the same except this shower had hair all over the shower from the previous guest...Wow, way to drop the ball on this one. I would like to make note that I DID try to contact you via private email groupleads@mandalaybay.com, the ONLY email address that can be found on your website) while we were STILL THERE to maybe rectify the disappointment, and unfortunately it looks like it had gotten 'lost in cyberspace'.I am well aware that you are a multi million dollar, if not billion dollar establishment and wanted to express to you that, although we were not 'high rollers', our money is just as green as anybody else and we should have been treated appropriately.UPDATED 7/15/2014I didn't think I could have left with a worse 1st time impression of a hotel than i did with this company. I was wrong. I do want to acknowledge that the Facebook rep that did contact me was helpful as to direct my concerns to the appropriate channels. So, good for him/her. Outside of that... I was contacted by their social media department. I did get a letter profusely apologizing for all the issued i incurred. And if I could say I was satisfied, I would do so here. But I'm not. they did review my concerns and did in fact in an effort of "goodwill" credit my account resort fees that were charged to me. which i believe was around $100. but compared to what was initially pre-paid for the room, this is the equivalent to THE TAX. I compare this to going to a high end restaurant, having terrible service and horrible food and having the restaurant taking my iced tea off the bill. Although this has some features i did like very much, (citizen's restaurant was delicious. and I'm sure the Michael Jackson/Cirque du Soleil, is amazing) I would tell anybody (EVERY SINGLE PERSON THAT READS THIS)...DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL.They have things you can walk in and see and do but STAY somewhere else.
4	I've stayed on the MBay property approximately 17,482 times so I can't believe I've never gotten around to posting a Yelp review. Anyhoo, the rooms themselves are starting to feel bypassed by all the bigger-and-better that's opened over the last 15 years. They're still fairly spacious and our room in July 2014 was well-kept (carpet/linens in good repair and no chips on the furniture), but those once-vaunted bathrooms feel plain now (and the showers small) next to Mandarin Oriental/Cosmopolitan/Aria/Encore/Palazzo and the like and the room decor that was put in a few years ago is feeling pretty plain.All that aside, this place is all about the public areas if any resort ever was. They've recently spiffed up the casino carpet with an elegant deep blue/maroon/beige design that replaces the dated-looking tropical flower design it used to have. And the chandeliers in the casino are still very cool and the layout is far less maze-like than most. It's very easy to navigate. The drinks at the tables aren't watered-down and the cocktail service is more frequent than at many other large properties. Of course, the mega-pool is a huge draw for many. It's always crowded and it's hard to find lounges sometimes, but the different environments are still pretty special. There's the sandy beach with the wave pool, plus a few other smaller pools spread around. Generally, you can find a spot to park even though it may be a bit of a hunt. There's also the Moorea "European" pool area ("Toptional!" say the posters advertising it throughout the property.) There's also a casino and a beach bar/grill added within the past few years.My favorite here is the restaurant collection. Just about every conceivable food genre has been covered and many of the restaurants have been here since day one, which says they're doing something right. Decor is important and ranges from the dark ice bar at Red Square to the cool modernism of Aureole to the trickling stream of Shanghai Lily to the awesome lattice woodwork of StripSteak. Of particular note for a casual meal is Burger Bar in the Mandalay Place shopping arcade, which should be a mandatory stop. For something higher in price and altitude, don't miss miX atop the adjoing THEHotel (soon to be Delano) tower. It has the absolute best lounge view in all of Vegas (forget GhostBar). And guys, you can drain the lizard while overlooking the pool area from the window-side urinals. And this summer at least, the lounge gave out free glasses of champagne at sunset. Just about every restaurant in the place has either an early or a late happy hour special, so you can spend from 3pm to midnight crawling from happy hour to happy hour (I've done it, so I know it's possible). The spa isn't as much of a wow as many of the other newer ones, but the plunge pool area does have a cool jungle decor. Service-wise, it's never been especially polished, but I've never had a real issue in all my visits either. To me, this is a reliable, all-around property that at least succeeds in all the Vegas elements and excels in some.
5	My boyfriend and I just left yesterday and we both really enjoyed the hotel!  It is undergoing construction, however it should not be penalized because of it.   Valet in the summer in vegas is full EVERYWHERE ... we self parked and it is such a short distance from the door and saved us a couple bucks in tips... I was able to redeem myvegas room comps for both of our nights and only had to pay the $28.00 per day resort fee .. so our AWESOME room on the 33rd floor facing the strip with a view of everything only cost us $56.00Bayside Buffet is also incredible ~ The quality of food is by far above other buffets in vegas ~ again with the help of myvegas it was free !!!! Any issues we had were quickly and politely addressed.  We will be back ASAP !   Especially since MyVegas offers so many different fun comps it really makes mini vacations SUPER affordable!!!!  C you soon Mandalay !!!!!
5	Great resort for a family trip. The kids loved the lazy river and wave pool. Nice rooms and great service everywhere in the hotel. This is not my first time staying here and won't be the last
3	Hotel and it's casino and pools, Restaurants, etc were excellent.....reason I gave it 3 stars was the air conditioner in our room was terrible. Could not get the room cold, even when setting on lowest setting.  Couldn't sleep at night as room was warm. Called Guest Service twice and maintenance person never came to our room....it is what it is....probably would not stay here again....
5	This is my very very favorite hotel to stay at in Vegas! The wave pool and beach like setting is so pretty, plus the lazy river is so fun and relaxing! This trip was my first time staying in THE Hotel tower of the resort, an all suite tower. Room is great, two rooms, living room and bedroom with two queen beds, powder room off the front entrance and huge bathroom. Visited the hark reef years ago when I was a kid, and that was awesome too. For sure visit the buffet as well, my favorite one on the strip. AND now MB is home to the Michael Jackson show, even better!
1	My one star is for the one hour of sleep that I got on my last night in Las Vegas. When I checked in I was asked if I wanted a room overlooking the pool area. I was also warned that from 3 to 11 on Saturdays there is a live band by the pool. I was totally fine with it as I was not in my room during that time. I did however return to my room on Sunday night at 11 p.m. for a good nights sleep before my early flight the next morning. Hotels are ALSO for sleeping even if you are in Vegas. I laid my head down only to experience the thump thump thump of the base, the DJ and the strobe lights emanating from The Mandalay Bay Daylight Club on the other side of the pools that were below my window. WTF??? I was never told about this when I checked in to my room and I cannot believe that a hotel would have an outdoor club open until 3 or 4 a.m.  I am by no means a curmudgeon and like to party like the next person but REALLY??? I listened to this club crap for 3 hours just waiting for it to stop. Once it did, my head was pounding and my sleep left little to be desired. Other issues that I experienced were the long check-in line and the lack of elevators during the day. There were 8 elevators in my lobby. I waited while only two elevators worked. When they opened they were jam packed with customers and their suitcases on the way to leave. The same elevators would go up and down only to open with the same people. I ended up walking down 13 flights of stairs (with two other people) that took us through Human Resources dept. of Mandalay Bay. Not very secure if you askme. The best part of my stay was the beautiful room (even though there was no coffee maker) and Michael Jackson show. I will be checking out other hotels on my next visit to Vegas.
4	I've stayed at Mandalay Bay once before for a friend's bachelorette party. And the standard rooms were more than spacious to fit five girls!  The bathroom situations can be a different story but we had no problems.  More recently, I stayed in one of the suites and they are very nice.  I used myvegas rewards to get one night free, but had to pay full price for the other night and the resort fee for both nights.  Honestly, I was very skeptical if this really worked.  It does, when you redeem your points, you'll receive an email with your redemption code and a number to call.  I thought at first I can just enter the code online, but it didn't work and never was given an option to enter the code.  I will tell you the call can be long, but worth getting a free room(s).  Only downside about this is, they don't send you a reservation confirmation on free nights.When my then-boyfriend and I arrived to Mandalay Bay the check-in line was long.  We arrived around 3:30pm check-in time for everyone.  On top of that, it was right before EDC weekend.  The line did move faster than I expected.  Prior to the trip, my boyfriend wanted to upgrade the room to a suite.  I told him I didn't want to pay extra money for it... I thought the standard room was fine and we got a free room, I didn't want to have to change rooms.  He said he would pay the difference and he really wanted a suite.  I just rolled my eyes and said if you want to.  We got to the front and we  were help by George.  He was very helpful with check-in us in, friendly while he looked up the best deal for us, and providing the upgrade my boyfriend wanted, which cost an extra $100/night.  We got to the suite and I was amazed at all the space we had and we had a strip view!  And I was glad we did get the upgrade.  Only thing that I didn't like was trying to take pictures of the strip from the room. We were where they have those advertising for the shows at their hotel and the screen just made it difficult to get a clear picture.For families, it is convenient to things children would want to go to like Excalibur.  It is connected to Luxor and Excalibur so you don't have to walk outside during the summer months.    There are many places to eat.  Mandalay Bay is connected to the Four Seasons Hotel, which also has some fancy places to eat.The service here was great.  Since for booking to room, we had two different reservations because of the myvegas rewards, we didn't have to go downstairs to check out and check in, it was done automatically.  They have Wi-Fi available in the rooms for up to 4 devices, there was a restricted amount of data that was for free, but I don't how they keep track of that.  My boyfriend order room service and surprised me with a bottle of champagne and... proposed!  I took off one star because they got my last name wrong, but it does add some humor to the whole story!  I would like to stay again.  Trying to get both nights for free.  (You can use 3 myvegas rewards in a 30 day period).
5	I stayed for a whole week at this resort and fell in love!! Sure- there were a couple things I would change about it, but over all- I would absolutely stay here again and again. The room was clean! Wow. Hard to find a comfortable bed with good linens, but not at Mandalay. The bath tubs are huge!! Every room has one too. I would recommend upgrading to a suite if a promotion is going. Totally worth it. The service here is what got me- everyone is extremely friendly and will go out of there way for you. Being that I was there for a whole week, I encountered many different people. From valet, to the restaurants to show tickets- everyone was great! Room service was very tasty - pricey but delicious. It will take time so order in advance. The best part of this resort is the lazy river!!!!!! I am NOT a pool person but I fell in love with this one. Wow. Talk about heaven on earth.  Bring your own inner-tube or else you have to buy one for $25 (no renting). Do not go in the lazy river without one or else you are missing out. Get a drink, a big hat and float. It's amazing. Hours just slip by. Mandalay and THE hotel are both clean, friendly and high end (without the snobby attitude). I am a life long fan!!
1	This seems to be a trend with Mandalay Bay and their promises. My friend and I went back to Mandalay Bay for the weekend as they promise to make things right the second time around. We had a trip to Arizona so we decided to stay in Las Vegas for one night and use the comp room they gaved us. We booked the room back in June and on Monday of the weekend we were heading out, I called in to confirm. I was garauntee that we would have the same type of room we had last time which was 2 queen size beds. When we checked in on Saturday after a 9 hour drive, they put put me in a king size room. I told the lady at the front desk that I was promised 2 queen size when I called to confirm. The only option I could have is either a 2 queen size room that was for smokers or a king size room with a roll out bed.I had no choice but to compromise and accept the king size bedroom.We went up to floor 25 room 108. We checked the room and there was no left over food, bugs or power problem like the last time we visited. We just got back visiting antelope canyon in vegas so the first thing we did was to take a shower. While my friend was taking her shower, I turn on the tv and there was no signal. The tv is still an issue just like our last visit, only instead of it flikering from the power saving mode, it is not showing any channels at all. When my friend was done with her shower, she came out and informed me that the water in the shower wont go down and is basically flowing out of the shower. Angry, I called the front desk and told them what happened and they told me that they will send over a technician. I demanded to speak to a manager as I was really upset because nothing seems to had change from the last time I was here, even though they told me otherwise. I believe the manager I spoke to was name Susan, and I told her exactly what has happened. We were promised over the phone on Monday that we will get 2 queen size beds, the tv has no signal whatsover, and now theres a flood happening in the bathroom. While I was on the phone with her, I instructed my friends to head down first and use the $100 comp we had while I get our room issue fix. the option to use the $100 is very limited and we decided to use it on the noodle but they are way overprice and not good. $17 for wonton soup and $20ish for pad thai. the engineer came and pretty much snake into the drainage to clear up the clog. Both the engineer and the manager informed me that the tv losing signal is a known issue and would be resolved in a few hours. Like the front desk, she says the only thing she can do is to put us in a smoking optional room that has 2 queen beds. After 2 or 3 more minutes with her on the phone, she offered us to stay in a bigger suite free of charge as our current room are having issues. I agreed so long as she personally go to the suite she is moving us to and personally inspect it to make sure there is no more issues. She agreed and told me she will sent some1 to pick up our luggage. I waited by myself for 15-20 minutes before giving up and calling front desk in which they reply that some1 will be there shortly as they were delayed for a bit. the manager susan then personally came up to my room to hand me my new keys and inform me that she did do a check and everything is good to go.Finally got the luggage at the new suite at floor 28 room 108. Did a quick inspection and everything seems to check out. Another issued I had was after I have finish getting our bags to the new room, all my friends has finished eating and came back up, so I had basically stayed behind nearly half hour+ getting this issued fix. I was hungry, I was dirty from the desert, I was tired as i only slept 3 hours the last 48 hours. I finally went and took my shower but heres the worst part. i had closed the door to the bathroom door, turned around and as I was undressing, the bathroom door does not close and therefore, everyone on the bed was able to see me naked. I had to use a tower to wedge the door shut. After the shower, we head out, but because of how crapy i felt fromt his whole ordeal, I went back after an hour to rest up while the rest of my friend's continue to party without me. I went back to the front desk to complain and this time they brought another manager name Kristen. She said she will sent another engineer up to fix the door issue.the engineer came and fix the door. I went to sleep at 12 and my friends came back at 2. While they were getting ready for bed, both sink were clog. I was too tired at that point to complain again. Next morning, I checked out and ask to speak with Kristen again but she was already off duty. The manager there got my number and informed me that he will personally give her my number so she can contact me to work something out. That was 10am and when I got back home in Los Angeles at 9pm, no one has called me. i called back and Kristen informed me that no one informed her to call me back.this trip was by far the least enjoyable
3	We didn't actually stay at the hotel but the Michael Jackson show was there. If you haven't seen this show then you are definitely missing out.  I was hesitant at first because the tickets were $200 bucks a piece. Very glad I bought the tickets. This show is the best I have ever seen in my life. I have always liked Michael Jackson and his music but ever since attending this show I have been TEAM MICHAEL JACKSON. Best show EVER!!!
5	The resort and casino is great and high end. I have had every need and want taken care of and the staff are always available and willing to give suggestions for the best restaurants and night clubs. The casino has been very friendly to me and are willing to give up the money. The main pool is big and they have a real sand beach. Recommend this resort highly.
4	Love this hotel, and the pool area.Check in was horrible though. Took 45 minutes. Long went into the casino and only 3 employees checking guests in. 5 managers sitting behind encounter all chatting and looking at their cell phones. Finally an angry customer went up to them and chewed them out and they opened an additional 2 terminals and the line started moving.Hotel room was clean, strip view was amazing. Bathroom was really big with hot tub and private toilet. Room service was 24 hrs and actually pretty cheap.Pool was amazing. I've stayed at the HOTEL and used this pool before. It's a beach style pool with sand, a lazy river, and 3 additional pools. Awesome drinks, and music.Casino is extreme and large, and smells like flowers. I like that you can't smell cigarette smoke. Would definitely stay here again.
5	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #3:Mandalay Bay = this place may be my favorite of all of them; first of all, it's huge - you can get totally lost roaming around the convention/ballroom area; plus it is attached to The Delano (formerly THE Hotel), which is still being finished but you can already sense the chill & casually hip vibe, and attached to The Four Seasons, which is high-end without being stuffy (check out their beautiful pool/gardens area); the casino is not overwhelming, and the focus seems to be more on the awesome restaurants & bars; plus The House of Blues lives here; Mandalay Place has fun shops and good, affordable eats & drinks; by the way, the ladies generally look smoking hot, especially those headed into Light nightclub; best craft beer bet = Burger Bar (in Mandalay Place; their selection is as good as it gets on The Strip)
4	We loved it here! The rooms are really clean and the pool/beach is awesome. We are ending our vacation here and wish we would've skipped Monte Carlo because it was disgusting there. Only disappointing thing was the staff in the casino area. They all seemed a little miserable and lacked enthusiasm. Half of them were walking around looking at their cell phones and one of the dealers told everyone at the table that they needed to refrain from cussing. It made everyone feel a little strange...since we were in a casino with only adults and in a city filled with sin. And one of the managers on duty said that they don't allow cussing so that was a little amusing to us. All in all great time!
4	I absolutely loved this hotel. I have been to Vegas a ton of times and have stayed in the MGM Signature Towers, Encore, Luxor, and other hotels. I think this is my favorite hotel so far. What I loved about this place:1. The "Beach" It's huge. THEY HAVE SAND! The sand has a ton of lawn chairs and faces the wave pool. They also have a lazy pool (bring your own inner tube it is $20 to rent theirs) that is relaxing. There are several other pools with lawn chairs. There are some areas where you can find shade without being under a cabana but not many. I have been to other hotels where there is not one tree by the pool.2. The rooms are nice and comfortable with a double sinks in the bathroom. If you are there with your girlfriends you appreciate the double sinks. The bathroom also has a soaking tub in addition to a shower.3. The restaurants that are connected to the hotel are great. Burger Bar has a happy hour with half off mojitos. The House of Blues has a great breakfast menu. You almost don't have to leave the hotel.I would have easily given this hotel five stars if it wasn't for the mistake with billing. I reserved my room online with a AAA discount and paid the deposit. When I checked in I paid the remaining balance which included the $28/day resort fee. The money was taken out of my account immediately. When I checked my account two days later the money was back in but the resort fee was out. When I called and spoke to a representative at the front desk the gentleman told me that they were holding an extra $125 for incidentals which I informed them I did not need at check in. He told me that if he released the extra being charged it may hold my account up for double the cost. The next day I went to the lobby and spoke to a woman at the front desk who was not apologetic at all. She actually told me that I could have dinner in the hotel for the extra $125 that was being held on my card. All I wanted was to be charged the correct amount. She then told me that her manager would tell me the same thing so there was no need to speak to her. Of course I asked to speak to her manager who fixed the extra charges. I just wish I didn't have to waste time on the phone a couple times and in person trying to get this corrected.I will stay here again.
4	Just spent 4 days here with the family and would return.  It has more of a resort feel than a casino.  I would describe this place as a casino for responsible adults and well suited and designed for families and keeping kids off the casino floor. Wave Pool is a must. Pool area does have some boozers around, so be ready to deal with a few drunks now and again.Here are some savings tips.#1...if you have a family, get a double queen and register one adult and one kid at checkin.  They have a silly policy of charging $35/additional person past two people in a room.  The check in area is huge, so just have your family sit down in the middle and save yourself a bogus fee.#2...for the Lazy River, buy an inner tube at CVS, but make sure it is a round inner tube, not a Shamu or animal floaty.  Those won't be allowed.  The hotel inner tubes are $25/each.  At CVS, it's $10#3...Breakfast at the Ri Ra Pub in the hotel is hearty and good and only $10-$11/per person.#4...Dad's...at the pool, hit up the IPA cart for good beer.  Avoid the waitresses serving domestics.  #5...buy bottled water at the CVS along with sun block.  bottled waters at the pool are $7/each.#6...self parking is easy.  Park on level 5 or higher to find open spots near the hotel entrance.#7...Try Burger Bar restaurant with some friends.  Great burgers and drinks.
1	WARNING!!! Check your room for cleanliness before you go to bed. When I checked I I was lead to a room that really stunk of cigarettes. Was a smoking room  but, didn't expect it to reek. After a long crummy day of travel I went to lay down and noticed hair ALL over the bed. So I looked closer to find blood stains on the pillows and sheets. YUCK! Went down stairs to complain and when I asked for a manager the desk clerk did every song and dance in the book to not let me talk to someone. So I had to pull out the pictures of the bloody pillows to finally get a manager. So they changed my room to a smaller room with a crummy view.. Which made no sence to me but, I was tired and wanted to crash.. Looked at the bed and AGAIN HAIR ALL OVER THE SHEETS AND GLITTER LIKE A DIRTY STRIPPER ROLLED AROUND IN THE BED BEFORE I GOT THERE. Took over 3 hrs to get the second room cleaned. Brought a large amount of money to gamble with but after the crummy luck with the rooms didn't feel lucky anymore.. Didn't gamble one penny at the casino I stayed in....and I was there for 6days... Would never go back.. There are way to many great hotels in Vegas to stay at this place again...
5	This casino may be at the edge of the Strip, but it's my favorite of all of them.So many have a weird smell or a snooty vibe, but this one is perfect for me.  It's laid out well (I've never gotten lost here), and the parking garage actually makes sense (which is rare).  I usually get lost in the garages or in the casinos, but this one is easy to navigate.I've been here for Shark Reef a couple of times and also for conferences.  I've also just gone to hang out with friends visiting from out of town.  It's on the classier side without being overly full of itself (KWIM?), and it's not cheesy like some of the others (Circus, Circus and Harrahs).  It's upscale without being pompous.  Just classy.  Clean. Calm.  Love it.
5	We stayed at Mandalay Bay 8/2-5 and had a great time. We had the 'Great Room Suite' and the room was fantastic. Very large and a nice view. All the staff (Front desk, Bellman, Concierge and Maids) were very friendly, helpful and respectful. The swimming pools were a lot of fun also as was the casino except for the fact I left there with fewer $ than I started with.We ate at several restaraunts on site including Wolfgang Puck's 'Lupo' restaraunt and the 'Border Grille' (both were very good and the staff was friendly) as well as Citizen's (which I was disappointed in both their service and overpriced food). We reserved a table Saturday night at the '1923 Bourbon & Burlesque' club and my wife said this was one of her favorite parts of the trip. The music and dancers were very entertaining and the bartenders were great. It was a fun crowd.We visited several other hotels while we were there to catch some shows and most did not compare to Mandalay. The only downside is that Mandalay is at the end of the strip so you eiether have to take the tram (which is not bad), take a taxi, or walk a long way. We would definitely stay at Mandalay again as it was upscale and very clean but based upon our observations our second choice would be the Cosmopolitan or Caesars Palace as they were both very nice and more towards the center of the strip.
5	Decided at the last minute to come here for our 20th wedding anniversary. First to see the Michael Jackson ONE show and also to see this beautiful resort. Sean Reilly at the front desk was very helpful in accommodating my wife and I for our special occasion.
1	Made reservations 5 months in advance over the phone. Booked a king bed over looking the strip over the phone. We show on a Tuesday only to find out that they only have 2 queen beds facing the desert. Really? After much complaining in which they try and tell me that a reservation is not a guarantee, they give $50 in comp money which is about 4 drinks worth. Really! The pool is nice except for the "constant" drone of the sight seeing helicopters overhead.  Go to a show in their sister casino MGM on a wed night. The show finishes at 11. Go back to the tram that connects the three other MGM properties, which includes Mandalay only to find out that is stopped running at 11. Are you kidding, this is Vegas not some sleepy town in the Midwest somewhere. Take the indoor moving sidewalk back, of which half of them are not running and the other half where disgustingly dirty that you would not want to touch without getting a tetanus shot.   Never again.
4	This is a good casino to check out while in Vegas. There is a free monorail from the x- caliber to here. There are many cool shops inside, with a few sport/entertainment shops that are worth walking through.
2	Just checked in and already off to a bad start. Tried for a complimentary upgrade and was lied to my face saying that both hotels were booked up, when I heard the agent next to us offer a suite upgrade in the Delano to the people next to me. I'm over it since my rooms were comped anyway.. But a total let down and still disappointing. THEN when I was trying to get into my room after check in our keys didn't work... We had to wait 15 minutes for the Mandalay security to come up and check my identification and let us in... By this time I am heated because it's such an inconvenience that I'm standing outside and waiting while I need to get ready to attend a show. Now I'm inside the room and have been waiting for 30 minutes and we need to get going ASAP and our new keys are still not up here... I call again and I ask to get them rushed, so I hope they arrive soon or the monster in me is going to come out again and in their faces downstairs at the desk!The room itself is standard and is on the nicer side so I don't have any complaints about the room. It comes with a shower and tub off to the side. Bed is comfy and tv is a good size. Overall I wouldn't mind staying here again if it's free and they work on improving these little flaws of theirs.
3	Arrived at the hotel. The valets were great dealing with my big truck. Check in was easy and the room was clean, except for the dingy carpet. Next morning I was unable to find a Red Bull. I like Red Bull but the only Red Bull was in the mini bar for seven dollars. I walked to the Shell station and got one. Then I met up with the kids and went to Mandalay Beach. Whoa. Huge crowd and my son was too short for the over hyped wave pool.Next time we will find another hotel with a nice mellow pool and Red Bull,as Mandalay Bay is not Red Bull friendly.But I should add every single member of the Mandalay Bay staff was friendly and helpful, always smiling.
4	I liked the location of Mandalay Bay. It is set off a little from the chaos of the strip but still in walking distance.
4	Just returned from a 3 night stay at Mandalay Bay. We had a great time. Room was beautiful and clean. Housekeeping did a great job. Stayed in a Deluxe Suite Room, which had 3 TVs and 2 separate bathrooms. Room was so new, that the part of the hotel we stayed in was still being worked on. We had a beautiful panoramic view of the city, it just took our breath away.  We ordered room service the first night and they informed us that it would take 45-60 minutes.  It ended up taking the 60 minutes, which was fine, because they did let us know in advance. Food arrived hot and was tasty. Air conditioning worked great and bedding was clean and we slept soundly. The room had robes, slippers, a large light up makeup mirror, and even a scale . Parking was easy and convenient with large spaces to park your car. I have a new car and always worry that someone is going to ding my car, but as I said, spaces were large.Pool was a little cold both days we used the pool. I gave the hotel 4 stars instead of 5 because of the construction and the hotel could have done a better job with the signage. Hotel is large and a couple of times we got confused as to how to find our room. There just was not enough signs and sometimes I felt we were going in circles. However, staff was always helpful with directions.Hotel is on the outskirts of Las Vegas Blvd, but they do have a tram that will take you to a few of the neighboring hotels. Lots of stores and places to eat.I felt the price was not bad for what we got. We will be back!
5	Can't complain had a great time here. Hotel was very nice. Room was spacious and clean. Hotel pool was awesome! Overall the hotel was a great choice.
3	The wave pool is a lot of fun!!! 4.5 Stars.Overall, I give 3 stars because there r way too many families with kids at this hotel.  (I generally enjoy the absence of kids in Vegas as an "adult playground".)The hotel has a good variety of restaurants.  We like Red Square (although their drinks tend to be too fruity).During the week, its a good value.  90$ (plus that ridiculous "resort fee" all the hotels are scamming people with now).
3	Rooms are pretty decent large rooms and very big bathroom with separate shower and tub. Some of the upholstery is showing it's wear. My only complaint is the wifi sucks and I can't get a good signal. I also thought the room was noisy meaning you can hear your neighbors. My friend had the same complaint when he stayed here also. I recommend you ask for a room that is not connected by door to your neighbor. I would ask for a quiet room.
5	This hotel is awesome. Great room, comfy beds, very nice bathroom, nice sized flat screen, the pool is outstanding! I know I will stay here next time I'm in Vegas..very nice hotel and no other one can top that pool! Until next time Mandalay
3	(This is probably 3.5 stars to me.)  Mandalay Bay may have the largest water budget in Las Vegas (despite the 'lake' at the Bellagio) to keep the grounds so beautifully green!  The inside of the hotel is bright and airy, and it's probably the nicest-smelling Las Vegas hotel, with the scent of orchids everywhere.  (I don't know whether that's natural from the plentiful orchids on the main floors or if it's artificial, but it smells great!)  The staff is efficient -- possibly because Mandalay Bay lacks the constant crowds of the more central Strip hotels -- although they seemed to gush over people I assumed (from biased observation) were high rollers (or at least higher rollers than my room indicated I was) while relatively perfunctorily taking care of me.The halls of the room floors are bright and clean.  The room I was in was a good size, simply and tastefully done in browns, tans, and occasional steel.  There was a surprising amount of closet space.  The large bathroom has separate areas for most things (even splitting the shower and the large, deep bathtub); one caution is that in my room the bathroom had a large, partially frosted (in vertical lines) glass window between it and the entrance hallway in the room -- if that's the case in all the rooms, know that any roommates will be able to see you bathing or dressing.  My fourth floor room was relatively loud from a combination of building air conditioning units right outside, general noise -- cars, airplanes -- though the thin windows, and the thin walls and doors.Mandalay Bay's casino is a decent size, with a wide variety of games and minimum bets.  There are a _lot_ of restaurants around the hotel and the Mandalay Place area between the Mandalay Bay and the Luxor, plus a decent array of shops in Mandalay Place.I'm glad I stayed here once -- and would be willing to again if travel companions wanted to -- but I wasn't as blown away as I'd hoped to be, so for the price I'll probably look elsewhere the next time.
5	Staff at the Mandalay Pool, bungalow servers a SPECTACULAR!! Pricey but worth the splurge!! Thanks!
2	Now 0/3 in the customer service department on my last three visits to Mandalay Bay I'm beginning to wonder why I continue to go back; from the frankly disastrous experience at StripSteak to an overpriced and underwhelming night at Rx Boiler Room followed by a server bluntly highlighting her 'expected' tip at Slice of Vegas I'm really not sure what sort of hiring process is going on here.Perhaps more convenient for locals than other central-Strip environs with ample parking and good highway access I simply cannot see much reason for a return visit at this point and although perhaps a trek to the Four Season's Brunch or a second look at Ducasse once the Delano rebrand is complete is in order I'm not exactly placing either on the top of my 'to-do' list, all things considered.
4	Awesome rooms and awesome casino. Food and beverages are a little pricey and if there's a convention happening in the hotel forget about finding a place to eat there. Beach and pools are the best you can find on the strip
2	This used to be my go to Las Vegas resort.The gambling area is spacious with high ceilings and good ventilation. There are not a lot of Video poker machines, but a good variety of the latest slots. The sports book is impressive, but located next to the main Theater. Auto shuffle blackjack pays 6-5 but Shoes are still the traditional 2-1.The wave pool, lagoons, and lazy river are great. Don't being more than a room key when visiting the beach area because I have encountered and seen many security issues there.The front desk is not reactive to customer concerns. It takes patience while dealing with them or they will spoil your vacation.The deluxe rooms are spacious with great views of the strip, pool, or airport. They have a large soaking tub, so visiting LUSH in the nearby shops for bath salts is a must.This is not a high end resort. Think Embassy Suites (which I like) with less than stellar service.
1	Rooms are very dimly lit and towels with shredded edges. I asked to be moved and opted for an upgrade at an extra $50/nite. In my haste to leave the room, I discovered an hour later that I left a valuable in the old room. Within that hour, it disappeared and was not turned in to security. After three days of checking in for it and a front desk clerk that basically told me I was making up stories (since they had not made record of my report in their system), I have decided the customer service here bites. The only saving grace of this hotel was the wave pool and lazy river. I would not recommend this hotel for friends and family.
3	I write this review being very torn.   The Mandalay Bay is a nice property with nice rooms.  We had a 2 queen room and it was very comfortable.  The room was large and clean.  The beds were comfortable.  I really like the space in the bathroom as well.  The A/C was really cold, when it worked, and there were times, always during the night, where the A/C would not cool.  The reason I am torn about this property is that I got food poisoning during my stay there.  I know it was from somewhere in the Mandalay Bay because that is the only place we ate all weekend.  I know that food bourne illnesses happen but it is the way it was handled that I am not happy about.  I did file a report and that was it.  I have since gotten a call from corporate but they said they are investigating and I haven't heard back from them.  Overall, nice property to stay but eat somewhere else.
5	LOVED my stay here last weekend. My boyfriend and I were in town to celebrate an anniversary and a friend's 30th birthday and I felt well taken care of at every point in our stay with them. The check-in was easy. The room was spacious, well appointed and very clean. The Mix Lounge and Mix restaurant were two of the top evening highlights of my trip (great views!!). The pools were wonderful and the cabana and lounge chair staff were amazing. We went to the Planet Hollywood pool one of the days to meet up with our friends and I instantly wished I was back at Mandalay Bay for the impeccable customer service. Never had a bad meal, and never had a bad customer service experience. Special shout out to concierge Joshua Worthy who helped me on multiple days of our stay and always remembered our last conversation even after speaking with what I'm sure was hundreds of other people. Will definitely be staying here again!
4	Came here for the aquarium. Was an interesting little exhibit. Saw lots of big fish and sharks. There was this one part of the exhibit where it looked like a sunk ship and you could see all the fishies!
4	Loved the hotel and service.. Great family hotel for Vegas, more of a resort! My son and daughter loved the pool area, especially the lazy river. I also enjoyed the pool area, they serve goose island beer and the pool restraint food and service was great! Restaurants options are plenty We tried the casual dining Johnny rockets, Starbucks, and room service, as well as several upscale restaurants. Kids enjoyed the shark reef and the tram to Luxor and Excalibur. The negatives:Check in was a crazy long line. We had early check in and used the mlife Member line, but it was still too long of a wait. Price was a bit high, 1,300 for a three night stay with a strip view. Casino was a bit dead at night, older crowd not as much excitement as Bellagio or Ceasers  palace.    Other wise would give 5 stars.
5	We stayed here for the weekend. we enjoyed it very much. The hotel has many great amenities including wave pool, lazy river,  spa services, & room services. Loves the Hotel decor -feels refreshing with mamy water flows and trees having the tropical taste. There are many great restaurants.  My most favs are stripsteak & Kuma among the few ones we tried. Service was great. We had a great time. Will Come Back & Highly Recommend To all!
4	PoolsMy daughter loved the pools, when we weren't at the pool, she sat at the window and stared down at the pool.  The alarms were set, so she could be the first in the lazy river.  I'm surprised that her whole body didn't look like a prune.  She wants to move to Las Vegas and didn't allow me to return the room key, so she can return to the pool.The room was nice, king size bed, a bunch of TV channels (no Disney tho).  The bathroom was large.  It had tub, shower and separate toilet.  The oddity for me, was the window next to the tub.  It was positioned so that anybody entering/exiting the room or the adjoining room could see the bather.  There also wasn't any locks on the bath area.  All not a big deal for adults, but could provide a challenge for those with children.For meals, we mainly ate elsewhere.  The menus in house, were a bit to pricey for me, $19 for a California Roll is too much.  Valet was free and easy, so for us, that was the best option.  After the pools closed, one time I was allowed to gamble a little bit...Pretty sure I'll be back - I've heard there are pools there  :)
4	The Mandalay Bay is a nice hotel, our tower room was large and comfortable, and we even had a TV in the large bathroom, and a separate glass-enclosed shower and separate tub. The pool area is fun, with a huge wave pool and a pool bar. We also like the Casino which has tall ceilings and elegant bars through out it. Also, there are plenty of shops to walk to at The Shoppes at Mandalay Place and there is a convenient tram that you can take for free that will stop at Luxor and Excalibur.
3	They did right by me and gave me a refund for the resort fee. Because we did not use the resort.  Thank you.
4	Very nice hotel and the pool area was amazing. The staff was super nice and was able to check us in early. I like that the hotel was not dark and gloomy like the others and the decor was very beautiful. I am planning to do my bachelorette there in the near future. Can't wait!
4	I've been lucky enough to stay at the Mandalay Bay as a gift from my parents both times. The hotel itself maintains a really relaxing spa like atmosphere and despite the fact that it's near the end of the strip you're still within walking distance of a lot of things. The accommodations themselves have always been wonderful. Clean beds, clean bathrooms and a friendly staff. We spent a bit of time by the pool (though in the summer it's almost worth it to pay the exorbitant cabana fees) and lounging in the lazy river. The casino is very nice and quiet compared to others too, which I'm kind of into cause I guess I'm into that sort of thing.
4	Well it is hard to review such a huge establishment but here we go.  First I love the Polynesian theme and the smell inside the casino.  Next I love the shops at Mandalay Bay.  The rooms are very nice and the restaurants as a whole are also all very good (make sure you try burger bar within the shops at Mandalay bay).  Ok now onto gambling.....well as a serious gambler (table games only) I would probably look elsewhere.  If you like blackjack the games are not favorable due to the rules they have plus many tables are continuous shuffle.  The baccarat room is fine but most tables are not going at any given time.  The sports book is pretty decent.  The Michael Jackson show is amazing.  Shark reef is fun for kids.  The pool has a beach with perfect wave pool to body surf or at least learn how.  Check it out.....it has a cool vibe.....very house of blues esque!
2	Wonderful property and amazing pool area. It is not inexpensive, but typical for the strip. Unfortunately the room AC fan has a serious issue.  Every time it came on it would squeal loudly. I tried various fan speeds couldn't find a way that it wouldn't intermittently squeal. Eventually I turned the whole thing off which made for a very warm night. This morning I showed the front desk a video of the issue and they put in a repair order and said they would have it looked at.  No real apology. No timeframe.  I guess I expected more in an industry that prides itself on an amazing experience.  Granted, I'm tired. What a very long night right before a very busy conference.Update:  Issue was resolved.  However there was no apology, no follow-up, and a real lack of empathy for the situation.  You truly are one of the masses that come and go without notice.  I'll probably stay here again, but not on my dime.
3	I got the room for $69.00 just for playing my Vegas i was worth the price and had the pool veiw
4	We came here to get a cabana and hang out by the pool for my birthday.....They don't support the military or veterans as they do not offer a discount for anything at the pool which is disappointing.  However, with that being said, we got one and the service was just ok.  They were great at coming around immediately when we arrived and really have a desire to push food and drink on you.  Once you order they do come around pretty often when you don't need them to check up on you, however when you need them they are nowhere to be found...The wave pool was fun and the lazy river was very relaxing when you can avoid the kids.  The regular pool was not bad, this area was not crowded and the water was nice.Would I go here again, probably as it was a relaxing afternoon, but you really have to watch because the prices change  for the cabana's depending on the days of the week.  As for the people who take care of you once in the cabana, they promised us a cord for our phones and forgot to bring it.  So, overall I would rate the service as ok, they were not horrible, but they were far from fantastic.
5	I scored an awesome deal through Southwest for flight and hotel and got a king sized suite and giant bath tub in it for around $90/night. Our room was phenomenal, bed comfy, TV kind of a pain to work but we didn't watch it often. The bathroom was great. I've never had a bad experience here. The staff is great and very friendly. Everything is kept in pristine condition. The casino area doesn't smell like a smokers paradise as opposed to when we stayed at the Luxor where all of the cigarette smoke in there nearly caused my throat to swell when we stayed last May. The shark aquarium isn't the greatest and they don't have many options for food besides the buffet and the small food court they have, but they're doing renovations on that area so they may be adding more. I'll absolutely stay again and again
5	Came here in July! Super nice hotel. Very elegant and clean. Only downside is they have no fridge!
3	The pool is by far the best on the strip , unfortunately the location of the hotel is far from everything , the do have the tram but I prefer walking .
1	Made reservations a month ahead of time to get the suite my wife wanted with a view of the strip,called back and confirmed. $1,200.00 later had a dirty room ,tv in bathroom with tub didnt work ,lamp beside bed didnt work,tall lamp by window didnt work.Went to casino for buffet,TONS of food ......ALL COOLLDDD!! At time oc checkout they tried to charge us for items we ate in room when we explained we didnt,the lady at checkout said"the items are on a weight sensative scale on the dresser and sent somebody up to check,she did take off the charge,after 20 mins almost missed our 6am flight having to get to airport at 4am . TERRIBLE  will never go back worse stay in Vegas
4	Overall really nice hotel. Nice rooms, beds average. The have a great selection of restaurants with many world class chefs here. The pool is one of the best of you are looking for large space and wave pool for kids. The only complaint is drinks as with many hotels in Las Vegas have got extremely expensive, Red Bull $ Goose $21, makers $19, and espresso Martinis $18, just to name a few. I will definitely come back as it is very convenient with all the different restaurant options...boiler room is a must!!!
4	Good pool, clean room, good service. From the other reviews I've read on here, it sounds like we may have gotten lucky with our room. We stayed for two nights in a Spa Suite and I found it to be very pleasant. The room was large and the bathroom had a large soaking tub with a television in the mirror. We didn't get a great view (the back side of the Luxor/freeway) but we didn't get a "strip view" room so I didn't expect much. They put a random $200 charge on our debit card, so beware of that. However, we went back down to the lobby and they took it off immediately and waived one of our resort fees. The staff was generally friendly and we were able to check-out from our hotel room. Take advantage of express check-out, huge time saver. Room prices similar to other middle range hotels on the Strip, not amazing, but not bad.
1	HURT ON PROPERTY AND THEY DONT FOLLOW UP OR CARE:: 7 of us chose to stay at Mandalay Bay for my 40th Bday weekend.  We chose to stay here as we had heard this is the best pool in Vegas.  On the second morning of our trip my mother was entering the wave pool and was knocked down by the wave.  There were 14 lifeguards in the pool and NOT ONE OF THEM came to her aid until I got to her and yelled for help.  Had this been a child this situation could have ended much worse.  From there it just got worse.  She was on the verge of passing out and puking and no one acted like they knew what to do--.  Eventually the fire crew and ambulance showed up and took over thank goodness.  Why would you have 14 lifeguards who i observed later standing and talking to each other vs watching people in the pool. If they had came to her aid sooner the next wave may not have hit her and made her injury worse.  She spent 6 nights, 7 days in the hospital and we were not contacted by the hotel once while I continued to sleep there(though not enjoying anything else since I spent most of my days at the hospital).  When i went to check out I asked for a discount and to remove the resort fee charge since I was hardly there to enjoy the amenities and the answer was shockingly NO.  No apology or sympathy for what my mother or I were going through.  They then turned it over to Risk Managament which finally called my mom 5 days later and all I can say is they are nothing but rude.  When I spoke with her she said the lifeguards are only trained to pull people from the pool and have no other training..REALLY??? she also said if she was my mothers age she wouldn't have entered that pool..but in the end they are claiming no liability...nothing offered for what she has went through.  She had to spend another week in a hotel until she was mobile and had enough strength to travel back to Minnesota.  They said it would take 30 days to do their investigation and there is video of the pool area.  I would love to get my hands on that and prove the negligence of the pool staff.  The hotel is saying they can do nothing if anything until this investigation is complete but what ever happened to people caring?  is it just cause that isn't how we would treat people in the midwest??  So beware, once they have you there and get your money they don't care what happens to you.We had pool view, which i wouldn't recommend if you want any sleep.  Bass and music till 1 am one morning and 3 am the next!
4	We came to vegas this past weekend for my friends bachelorette party so we decided to stay at Mandalay.  The rooms are fairly nice and clean, but we found some BBQ sauce or blood on the ceiling of our room.  Since it was in the ceiling it wasn't that big of a deal.  The bathrooms are amazing cause it's huge so for 3 girls it was great!  The beds are soft and comfy.  The pillows could be a little fluffier but it's better than other places.The pools are nice.  They have a lazy river so that's fun. And a beach club that's for adults and top optional.I would stay here again.  The only thing I would complain about is the location cause it's so far so lots of taxis.  But if you don't mind walking they have a free tram that goes straight to Excalibur
1	On September 28, 2014, A few of us girls got together in Las Vegas, Nevada. We decided to stay at the Mandalay Bay located at 3950 S. Las Vegas Blvd. Las Vegas, Nevada. We were given room 21128 for the night. We did not check into the room until about 1 AM. While unpacking and getting ready to go out, one of our shoes got kicked under the bed that was near the bathroom door. While looking for the shoe, I touched something under the bed. When I pulled my hand back out and looked I realized what I had touched was a condom that was left under the bed.  I washed my hands and finished getting ready because I was furious. I took a picture of the condom. We left the room for about an hour. When we came back to the room, I called the front desk so it could be picked up by housekeeping. The woman I spoke to at the front desk sent security up to the room. The security officer who came up refused to come in and pick up the condom that was left there. I asked him to look at the picture of it, but he refused to look at the picture. I went and got my phone anyway so I could show him the picture that was taken. The security guard left, leaving the condom still under the bed. I called the front desk again around 7:30AM or 8:00.  The condom was now under the bed during our whole stay at the Mandalay Bay. When I spoke to the front desk, I asked to speak to a manager. I spoke to Jeremy. Jeremy and a woman came up to the room at almost 9AM to pick up the condom. During that time I told him about everything that had happened. The woman who was with him who I am assuming was the head of housekeeping was smiling and smirking like the situation was a joke or funny.  During the conservation about when the corporate office would be calling, the woman told me they would eventually get in contact with me and it would be taken care of.  I let Jeremy know how dirty and germ infested a condom is considering all the bodily fluids and bacteria that was on there, since no one knows how long it was actually under the bed. Jeremy was very unconcerned about that He said well they picked it up. That was after I had touched the condom. He said that someone from their office will get in contact with me eventually. I proceeded to tell him I was going to be contacting the BBB and the Health Department because this is unacceptable. He told me he would contact the corporate office and they would call me. I still have no received a call back from the corporate office. I called the corporate office myself and the woman I spoke to said someone would call me back, but she didn't know when. I called the Mandalay Bay to confirm that Jeremy had sent over what had happen to them so they knew what was going on. He was not in the office today, so I spoke with another woman who said she was a manager. I believe her name was Amanda. She told me since we checked out and the condom was picked up the issue was resolved and there was nothing she can do for me. I proceed to tell her the story that security refused and it was there for almost 5 hours with their employee's knowledge. She was very rude and did not want to do anything.
1	Valet attendant Zach was terrible! We pulled up to fix an issue with our reservation, the entire valet was empty and he demanded that we show him our reservation email and then on top of it a tip to keep our vehicle in valet. He was so unfriendly and made our first impression of Mandalay bay a terrible one. Upon returning to the car I told him I thought he was rude and he said "ha! Ok".. I told him I've lived here for 5 years and have never experienced such rude behavior from a valet attendant and he proceeded to look at me up and down and say "I've lived here my whole life, sorry honey". I just was completely appalled. I have always loved Mandalay bay but have never felt so disrespected by a valet attendant.
5	Very nice hotel.Have stayed here any times, every year actually.Very friendly from the front end staff to housekeeping.Started this trip at different hotel but ended up back at the Mandalay.Lots of pools, wave pool, lazy river and of course every game you want to play in the casino.I have only been hit on by one hooker so far, better than any other hotel I've been in here.So I guess security is good here too.
4	Beautiful Hotel Accomodations and Excellent Services!Pool side fun for all ages from Toddler, Teens to Adults. Mandalay Bay has the most fun pools. The Wave pool for older kids.  Lazy River for Toddler to Adults, just relaxing in the Tube.  Fun Fun Fun!
4	I enjoyed the resort and agree with the other reviewers:1.  great swimming pool area 2.  good for kids3.  free tram to get you on the strip 4.  free self parking is available the rooms could be a little cleaner.  as you would expect everything is pricey here
4	The rooms are clean & the towers are well split, so we never had to wait long to get a elevator to our room.In spite of the drought, I admit on yelp...on record...that I took a swim in the tub...thrice in 2 days.  There's even a small tv that you can watch while soaking in the tub!  Their rooms & bathroom are immaculately clean. When I booked, I received a $50 hotel credit & we used it on breakfast.  $26 steak & eggs and the $20 American breakfast (eggs & sausage) with a $9 bloody mary.  The delivery / cover charge was $9.  There is more than enough hash browns & eggs for 1 person.  As a after thought, I should've ordered the waffle which came a la carte & just snagged some hash browns from the Hubs.  If you're hung over, its a great option.  If you are not, I would suggest using the credit in one of their restaurants.  The food itself is just ok.The pools fill up fast during the peak hours.  The lazy river was packed with both party goers & families alike.  I wish there was more  spacing available, we ended up just hanging out and never got a lounge chair.Overall, this one of my new fave places to stay.
1	Ventilation is horrible. I feel like I smoked 3 packs of cigarettes just walking across the casino. Need major upgrade.
3	For an older hotel at the farther end of The Strip, Mandalay Bay is pretty decent.  The lobby is spacious and there's always something new to see.  I like how there are a lot of dining options since Mandalay Bay is a bit farther than where all the trendy hipster places are.  Want to switch up the scenery?  Head over to Luxor which is conveniently an escalator ride away.  You can also head over to Excalibur and take their tram but why would you want to?  :xThe rooms itself are spacious.  While almost as old as Monte Carlo, it's definitely in better shape.  The carpet and furniture could probably use a bit of a deep-cleaning but the grand downy bed makes up for it.  I could have used more pillows though since I never use the gross body pillow or the decorative ones in fear of how dirty they are and such.  There's a huge tub in the bathroom and Lush Cosmetics downstairs.  Do the math.  Bath time fun, babie!  I only wish it was a fancy Japanese jacuzzi tub like at Cosmo.  Ooh lah lah.Some cons though: Ridiculously thin the walls are.  I could hear the people next door opening their curtains and showering!  Not to mention all the loud drunk people walking up and down the hallways at night and in the morning.  The toilet is also insanely loud.  Since they have the throne room separate from the rest of the bathroom, it's even louder.  Like seriously, I thought I went deaf the first time I flushed.If Mlife didn't comp us our room though, I'm not sure I would stay here.  It's a bit of a slower pace but who needs slow when you're in Vegas?
1	Do not use their Valet Service!  My stay at Mandalay Bay would have been a good one easily resulting in return trips.  However, they ruined their prospects for future business after my last experience with them.On Monday, October 6, 2014 I took my rental car to Mandalay Bay to check in for a four night stay.  At the time, the car was fully functioning and had no damage.  The keys were handed to the valet at that time.  During my stay I did not use my vehicle and did not take the car off of the premises.  While my car was in their possession, it managed to end up with a flat tire on the driver's side.As we were checking out and getting our car from valet, the valet attendant delivered my rental with a nearly flat tire and directed us to the nearest gas station for air.  After attempting to fill our tire with air, we ultimately had to return the car to the airport and get a new car.  During that process, we promptly contacted Mandalay Bay and were put on hold for more than an hour and a half getting the run around from everyone ranging from the Valet desk, front desk, operator, and MLife desk with no one taking any responsibility for damage to our car.After finally reaching their Valet Manager (Rick), we were then treated disrespectfully and offered no resolution to our wasted time and issues encountered.  We then contacted the hotel again and asked to speak with guest relations.  We asked for a small comp for our troubles and bad customer service experience.  We were told we wanted a response within 48 hours as we were staying at another MGM property and wanted to be able to apply any comps given to our stay at that new resort.  As of today we have not received any follow up information.I look forward to being able to update this review with a compliment indicating how Mandalay Bay was able to rectify the situation.  If I do hear from them, I will update my review.
1	Well, on the 30th day we had to reach out again to hotel and Risk Management.  We were told they were viewing the video from the pool that day and the only part they could see was my mom being taken away on the stretcher to the ambulance... The reason we were given for this was that there is only a revolving camera in the pool area.  I then proceeded to call security and see what kind of cameras are located at the pool and the confirmed that there are fixed cameras by the wave pool along with a revolving one.  I just think it is awful that we are lied to.  We have never one asked that they claim liability for the fall itself but to step up and apologize andoffer something toward her $40,0000 medical bills, pain and just pure lack of care or compassion from any of the staff of risk management.  They have agreed to remove part of the room charges which is nice, but I feel if they truly cared, they could have done a lot more.  Im sure this is a fine hotel( if you don't get hurt),  but know I and none of my family or friends will ever step foot in any MGM resort after how this was handled.
3	I want to update my review based on Mandalay Bay's response.  After emailing several contacts I found online, I finally got a response.  Mandalay Bay encouraged me to file a claim with risk management and also gave me a $240 credit off of my previous stay.  The amount was credited back to my credit card already.  I appreciate the quick response.I was at Mandalay Bay for a trade show and this place is a good location for a trade show.  Rooms are nice, nothing special.  Food options for the trade show were good, and I will review each individual location separately.
4	Looking for a clean, hip, friendly experience... Mandalay is a great choice. Shows, premier dining, friendly staff, pools and more.  Came here for a real estate training and the convention center was a few minute walk which made things easy and fast. Sand beach & lazy river at the pool was rockin. A large venue to have just about any type of function. Love to be back soon!
5	I got my car valet parked, and it was fast and the valet guy, Dominic I think his name was, was awesome, great customer service!
1	My girlfriend and I were in town for the week. We stayed at Aria Monday through Friday and generally had a WONDERFUL experience there. We had some friends whom we did not know were coming to town show up on Friday and we decided to extend our stay through the weekend at Mandalay, as this was where they were staying. Unless this was our ONLY option in Vegas, never again.We booked a standard room initially that morning, no problem. At check in, I asked for an upgrade, which was given at an increased cost. We were extremely disappointed with this. The room only had HALF a window, and the view was near the dining room table which overlooked a roof! Why pay the upgrade, needless to say I wasn't in the mood to bitch and moan and wanted to enjoy my birthday. Moreover, we had tipped our check in associate, Whitney, ($50), for being what we thought was so accommodating. Moreover, she'd indicated that y'all would send up some sort of birthday basket or something along those lines which isn't a big deal, but DON'T say you're going to do something and never deliver.The trip only got worse. Saturday evening, my girlfriend had worn heels all week and thus had some blisters on her feet. We called down for band aids (as we had done at Aria with NO issues) and we were told we had to come get them! So, after my girlfriend gets off the phone, I call down, and then have to yell to get them to bring us band aids. Are you joking? Get off your ass and bring them to your guests. THEN, the cable goes out in our room and we have to call for that, which was addressed promptly, due to the "loose" cable. At the end of the day, for an older property on the strip, your service should set you apart and it's unfortunate because I know people whom only stay at Mandalay in Vegas, for which I'm certainly perplexed. Aria and the Wynn are MUCH better properties.
4	We stayed here one night during our cross-country trip. The room was really nice and very clean. The hotel itself seemed a little too spread out, and was difficult to find our tower. Once we found the tower everything was great. Good food in the shops attached and the casino was pretty nice too. I would come back here.
4	I've stayed here on my past three trips to Las Vegas and am always pleased with the consistency. While newer properties abound, I like the proximity to the airport, the pool scene, and the size of the guest rooms. Check-in, for me, has always been prompt and efficient, and valet service was very good on my most recent stay. The casino is pretty average, and the sports book is large and inviting. Nice place to sleep and relax poolside, gambling is better elsewhere.
4	A very  nice and clean hotel. The pool area is truly the highlight of the hotel with a wave pool and a lazy river. It's like a water park. They also have great  refillable drink  specials  at the pool. You almost never need to leave because the hotel has so many resturant clubs and lounges. Everything vegas is about in one place.
3	I've previously stayed at THEHotel (which I think has been rebranded to something else) which is the all suite tower, but this was my first stay at the main hotel. Check-in: the lines weren't that long and overall the process was fast. We did have checked bags (we arrived at 9 in the morning and checked into our room that afternoon) that took a while to get up to our room.Room: good size, nice and clean, overall appealing look. Contemporary but comfortable. I would say the rooms are a step above Luxor, NYNY, MGM, basically nicer than the other hotels in close proximity. The water pressure in the shower was good. Nothing worse than recovering from a hangover and not being able to take a decent shower.Amenities: Mandalay has an awesome pool (I have a separate review for it), they have a HUGE casino floor (I'm not a big gambler, so I can't go into many of the details), and plenty of restaurants, cafes, bars, etc. Two of my favorite restaurants on The Strip are here, so I'm a happy camper :)So why only 3 stars? I was disappointed with the concierge. We went to concierge to buy some show tickets. We didn't really know what we wanted to see and it was sort of last minute and the process was excruciatingly slow. To make matters worse, we were told to go to the wrong casino and when we checked in at the box office to pick up our tickets we were told we needed to go somewhere entirely different. The hassle of rushing to Rio from Caesar's was a pain and we missed the beginning of the show. When I contacted someone about this they didn't even offer an apology.
3	Surprised at how dead this place has gotten, but not as much since it is soooo stinking far on the strip, and all the action is in the center. I don't like the smell of this place, and the choice of slot machines was mediocre. Lots of good restaurants here though!
5	My wife and I have been to Mandalay Bay 5 times now and there is a reason we keep coming back. The staff at Mandalay is first rate. Always friendly, always willing to help, always have a positive attitude, I love it. The rooms are always clean and on the high end, even with a basic King room, the amenities are great. The pool is one of the best in Vegas, whether you're in the wave pool, the lazy river, or one of the other pools you can't go wrong.  Finally, it's less crowded than many of the other hotels on the strip maybe because it's at the end and that's just fine with me. We will go back again!
5	I guess each hotel has to have something of its own to separate them from others. And what makes Mandalay Bay one of the ultimate places for having a great time outdoors is their big artificial looking beach. Kick back relax enjoy the water and the live DJ music.
1	I stay here once a year because of a work conference.  The rooms are fine and you know things are going to be expensive since its Vegas.  But I'm giving the poor rating because they've changed their room service to 'deli' service where your food arrives in plastic and paper.  But they didn't drop the prices.  They charged me $46 for a cold burger that arrived in plastic containers and for a packaged bag of chips.  Not cool!!!
4	I'm surprised at the low reviews for this place but I thought it was great! The room was beautiful and we had a huge bathtub with jets woo! Also there's so much to do at Mandalay. I highly recommend the aquarium, because come on. Also some of the food options in the hotel are very choice. Oh yeah! And they have have a huge pool area with a wave pool,lazy river and multiple other pools. What more do you people want!?!?! 4 stars
4	One of my favorite places to stay on the strip because this is where LIGHT nightclub is!I also play MyVegas Slots on Facebook, so I am able to stay and dine here for free!The room was very clean.  There's a separate shower and tub.  They have an Express Room Service menu which guarantees your order to be in your room in 30 minutes or less, and YES I timed it and it was exactly 30 minutes.  Unfortunately, the fruit cup I got with my order was moldy but they were able to bring me up a new one and comp the order that the fruits came with, YAY!On our most recent stay, the front desk lady said we had a $50 food and beverage credit to use on anything, but every time I stay here I think a Room Service menu is missing.  We ended up not using it since we did not know what we could order.The hotel is towards the end of the strip but there are trams that take you all over like Excalibur or Luxor, and trams at those hotels to take you deeper into the strip.The service at the casino is very quick.  I love gambling here because of the prices and I don't get scared that I am going to run out of money before my drink arrives.There are plenty of dining options here, even a small shopping area, and there is also a small aquarium to visit if you don't have any plans.  I recommend staying here, but start playing MyVegas and building up your points so majority of things are free!
5	Ok so much to my dismay I have not reviewed Mandalay Bay, how is that possible you say, well apparently it is quite possible. So here it goes, this one of the nicest properties on the South Side of The Las Vegas Strip. The property houses some great restaurants and venues, a killer pool, and incredible rooms. Whats not to like? Nothing, that's why I am writing this great review. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	Personally hate casinos due to all the cigarette smoke.  Then you get Mandalay Bay adding insult to injury by charging crazy prices for basic items in their pseudo-convenience store.  Suites are dated as well.  Expected to find the Brady Bunch hanging out when I walked in.
5	Love this hotel! It's beautiful! The rooms are clean and there is so much to do in the hotel from the casino to their own aquarium. Make sure to go swimming in their man made beach listening to music and swimming through the waves. Can't wait to come back.
3	I stayed here for 2 nights for a girls weekend with my mom.  I haven't been to Vegas in a long time and I wanted to relax by the pool and take in the sights. The beach and the wave pool were awesome!  The lobby has ice lemon and lime water, we wanted some before we trekked out into the hot weather exploring the strip, but they were out.  We asked the guy at the desk if someone was refilling the water, he said it was in progress. He just brushed us off like we were annoying him for free water and we weren't paying guest! 10 minutes later still no water, we gave up and went on our way. The room and bathroom were nice and spacious! After a long day my second night was sleepless, at 2AM there was a guy and a woman screaming and crying! The walls are paper thin, I stayed at Treasure Island and this wasn't an issue! The morning of checkout we called guest services to ask if we could have a late checkout like 1pm, they said no because they were fully booked! When we got downstairs to checkout at 11a the woman at the desk said that we could check out later since our flight was later at 6pm.  Here we are with all our bags and the opposite was being said! We did not want to haul our bags all the way upstairs and down the hallway, it was really annoying that we were told that we couldn't get a late checkout and then be told that we could have a later checkout!  The house of Blues was amazing, food was so good and reasonable for the strip! Large portions for a reasonable price!  After our brunch we went to the spa, I wanted to use my Mlife card to get points for buying the spa day passes, the guy said you have to go upstairs and go to the desk to add points, at the front desk the lady added the transaction to the card no problem! I spent $50 on the passes at least give me what I want!  The spa was nice free fruit, water, tea and bathrobes.
3	Had to go here for a convention. Stayed at the Mandalay side, not the Delano. First the good things:  Loved the entertainment.  Wow - of course - it was amazing.  The choice of restaurants also did not disappoint. Everyone who worked there was beyond thoughtful and kind.  Every single person who worked there went out of their way to say hello with a smile.  I felt welcomed and at ease.  My hotel room was roomy with a gorgeous marbled bathroom, soaking tub, beautiful shower.  Mandalay is within view of the airport.  A shuttle is needed but is very quick.Now the not so good stuff:  You have to pay to do anything.  At all.  No coffee, no coffee pot,  no bottled water (unless you pay $5.00), no refrigerator that you can use, nothing.  A refrigerator is in your room: stocked with the typical alcohol and sodas that they want you to purchase.  If you use the refrigerator at all you will be charged a $50.00 re-stocking fee.  You can order a refrigerator for $35.00.  So I used an ice bucket to keep anything cool.  I was traveling across three time zones and was looking for tea or coffee at their 0300, my 0600.  My only option was to order room service.  Excuse me?  I am sorry, but if I go to a typical hotel and pay half the price I get free coffee, free breakfast, a newspaper etc.  Thankfully I was there for a conference so didn't have to pay for all of my meals. Fair warning: my allergies went into overdrive here and the same with other attendees.   Not sure if it was the carpeting or bedding but I was completely miserable.  Bring your Zyrtec.
3	We had a meeting there.   Nice clean rooms but customer service needs improvement.   I wondered why lines were so short at check in.  I am gold mlife and went to ask to extend until noon on check out day.  I didn't even get to finish my sentence and was interrupted and told "absolutely not,  no matter what your status is".  Wow!!  We brought you 5000 customers and if you treated us all like you did me, very disappointing.   I was very friendly when I approached the desk.   I understand you might have a bad day but don't be rude to customers. I had my card in my hand and wasn't demanding anything.   I think I am just really disappointed more than anything.
4	This place exceeded my expectations for hotels in vegas. I really had no idea that a place could be somewhat affordable and still be well worth the money. We had a two bedroom suite and the view was breathtaking. I loved going to bed at night and seeing this huge lit up pyramid outside of my window. Then waking up and seeing all of las vegas. Its at one of the ends of the strip and I guess the only downside would be travel but they make that easy for you too. There is a Tram that takes you from the hotel to excalibur free of charge. Of course there is also the option of taking a taxi to anywhere on the strip costing you from $10-$20 (any more and you are being scammed) make sure the meter in the taxi is starting at $3.50. If not, get another taxi driver. Another good point about this hotel is that is one of the closest to the airport. If you don't want to stay in a motel 6 but want to be close enough to not miss your flight, this hotel is your best bet. The casino: This place is huge but not in the gigantic sense to where it takes you forever to get anywhere. It is also connected to the Luxor and Delano. There should be some shops that are around the casino so if you forgot anything such as toiletries, this is your best bet. Near the elevators in the lobby there is a connivence store but its pricey there. The downside to the casino area is the food. Its really nothing to write home about and place for the love of all that is good stay the hell away from the bayside buffet. I went there for breakfast and regretted every bite of it.Pool area:It basically looks like a beach. Please make your way here even if you are just out for a walk just take a look at this place. There is a hot tub somewhere but I find that a little weird with strangers. There is a lazy river here that is probably meant for shorter people. I say this because I am 6' and the depth of  the pool is half my size. If you want to float on your back the whole time, great. If you want to walk around in the river prepare to have your legs scraped by the pools lining. Finally, the wave pool. Really cool concept but there is only one wave per like 5 mins. I know they live in the dessert and don't understand the concept of bodies of water but come on. Also they have a small section for you to swim in. Still a cool pool in my opinion just wished it was better.Special notes: -Aquarium is around $17-Border Grill - not so great (avoid the unlimited brunch special)- Take the Tram first then take a taxi if needed. All the trains are runned by computers and show up every six minutes or less.
1	Well, I wish I could say that Mgm and Mandalay Bay came through and showed that they really care but that is not the case.  My mom was given some $ incentive ( which was basically a slap in the face after what she has been through) but not near what she deserved.  Also, I am the one who paid the hotel bill and was hardly there and they would not credit the resort fees or anything (even though I wasn't there to use the internet, amenities, etc since I was at hospital with my mom.  Risk managements investigation is done and guest relations said they would be in contact with us after that was complete and see what more.they could do and after several messages to see when they were going to let us know they responded last night saying there is nothing else they feel they need to do.  So yes, not impressed. They also keep removing my comment on their Facebook page..which is why I love yelp...they can't remove posts!!
3	This our 3rd trip to Vegas this year but 1st stay at Mandalay Bay. The 2 previous times were at The Hotel. My only major complaint is the room/bathroom: Too cluttered with furniture, and the bathroom wasn't very clean. Some stray hairs in the tub and shower wall, and spots on the counter. The Hotel is way better. All rooms are suites. Bathrobes and slippers provided (without asking, like at Mandalay) and bathrooms are clean.
4	Beautiful hotel and super friendly and helpful staff. We were bummed that the beach was closes for "winter weather" even though it was about 70-75 degrees the whole week we stayed. The Beach Club was open and free for guests. Small pool with a hot tub and bar. The hot tub was not very warm. Overall, I was a bit disappointed with the pool experience since the hotel is well known for the pools but otherwise it was a pretty sweet stay. Unfortunately we didn't get the chance to check out the aquarium!
4	Mandalay Bay is one of the best on the STRIP. South STRIP location next to the on-ramp for I-15. Great bars throughout the casino. House of Blues inside, as well as many outstanding restaurants.If you book a room through Kayak or another outside source, expect to be put at the end of a long hall with no view.
3	The customer service contacted me and responded in a good timely manner. Very professional. Still iffy on whether I will stay here again but customer service gets a thumbs up. The woman who first helped me on the phone does not.
4	I have to kick myself for not booking a room at Mandalay bay sooner!! This place has definitely made it on my top 5 hotels to stay at when I am wanting to stay on the strip! I booked my last minute reservation through MLife and upon arriving I was greeted fast through the invited guest/MLife me never check in! Shawnae I believe was her name provided some of the best service I've received! It's important to always acknowledge the customers me membership status and making request happen! I originally booked for just a deluxe room but the reservation person must've forgotten to include the fact that i wanted a high floor with a view! No worries because Shawnae made it happen and its customer service like this that keeps me coming back and staying at only MGM properties! The room I received was located on the 34th floor with an incredible view of the strip! Extremely comfortable bed and even better bathroom! There's nothing basic about these deluxe rooms and I am here to say that they are nothing short of amazing! Adding all this plus extremely good customer service equals a happy returning customer :-) great job Mandalay bay!
4	I stayed here for a conference (NextGen UGM) that was being held in the conference center and all I can say is HOLY COW.  This place is GIGANTIC!!!  Not only was it able to accommodate a conference of about 10,000 with ease, I would say that the majority of the people attending also stayed at the Mandalay Bay.If you are going to stay here then definitely bring your walking shoes.  My co-worker had a pedometer and we walked at least 10,000 steps a day going to and from the conference - that's freaking 5 miles!!  We did not have much time to explore the rest of Vegas but we more than enjoyed ourselves staying in the resort.I found this to be a great venue for the conference, but here's a summary:Rooms - I stayed in the original Mandalay tower and found the rooms to be pretty nice and spacious.  My room had a full size tub in addition to a shower.  However, I would definitely suggest you get a VIEW OF THE STRIP.  I had a "mountain" view which was pretty boring.  Also the DELANO TOWER is freaking AMAZING!!!  If you can upgrade to there I would definitely recommend it as it is much more modern and chic.Gym - The Cardio Center is free but it kind of sucks.  Mandalay spa charges $25 to use the much better weight room but I went to the Delano spa gym which only charged $15.Restaurants - Between the Shoppes at Mandalay Bay and the multitude of restaurants in the venue there are a GAZILLION choices.  Some of my favorites were Mizua sushi in the casino, Citizens' Kitchen, and the Burger Bar.  I had great meals at all three.Bars- Again there are a million bars here but we especially enjoyed the Foundation Room and the Mix Lounge.  The views of the strip at both are awesome.Casino - I'm not a big gambler, but I have to give this casino a thumbs up considering I won $500 in slots and went on a wild positive swing in blackjack.  Arena - The arena here is MASSIVE.  It's no wonder that Paquiao and other huge events are held here.  Overall, this is a fun place to stay and it's location on the strip is prime.
4	Nice hotel, lots of restaurants. The hotel is at the beginning of the strip so you will have to do some walking to get to the other hotels. Overall decent pricing for what you get but because of the location I would not choose it again.
1	My mom was contacted by risk managment today and told that I was to stop using social.media to discussing what happened at Mandalay Bay.  They last told my mom that we should.not contact hotel directly but could use social media. My question is, what is there to hide that they don't want people to know?? Everything I have posted is 100% truth which is obviously not what they want people to know.  They basically threatened my mom and said this could be bad for her if this continues and not once did they ask how my mom was doing...even though she is still having pain and discomfort ..just another sign of proof they don't care.  This could have all been avoided had they stepped up right away.
4	The rooms are very nice! The food court seems very far out of the way which is annoying, the casino seemed well kept and plenty of tables/slots to enjoy, although we weren't really winning. The shark reef aquarium was fun... But small. 4 stars because it's a pretty nice place to stay in Vegas with plenty of food/shopping/entertainment to enjoy.
4	One of the better resorts I've stayed in on the strip, and one of the more expensive ones too, but I would give it a 4 star experience overall. It's roughly $100+per night without discounts.  Since we got this complimentary room by courtesy of MyVegas, it made this review a little easier on the stars. The check-in process was smooth, we got a room on the 5th floor with a view of the pool area and strip, the non-smoking rooms were very clean and spacious, the only downside was how far it was from the center of the strip - so it made going to other establishment a bit more time consuming even with a car (avoid visiting during weekends on all costs - traffic is everywhere!). I thoroughly enjoyed the bathtub and the design of the rooms. Very open floor plan with carpets in the bed area and granite/marble in the bathrooms. Everything looked pretty clean and I liked the fact that they used lighter colored carpets - so it made everything seem brighter. Didn't try out their buffet as it didn't get too good of a review on yelp. Would definitely stay again in the future.
4	Ive been coming to the Monte for the past couple of years as my staple hotel to stay in when Im in town, but noted a few things that might turn some others awaySo the bad - first off the free wifi only works on the first two floors...and of course most rooms are higher up than that - so why are we paying a resort fee for something that doesn't work in the rooms, a bit annoying. Secondly the TV automatically is cranked way loud when you turn it on ....doesn't matter if you turn it down...turn it off and come back - the TV automatically is up to a standard that seems. Something else I noticed on my last visit were some bathroom tiles that were literally falling off wall around the floor - cosmetic but it seems like you would do a better job of keeping the basic room since since you are quicker to sell them than the high end rooms So the good - a number of things which is why I like it here - for one I usually win at the hotel when I do gamble which is a plus - i mean this is Vegas. The top food draw here is The Pub in the back of the casino, its big has over 300 beers on tap and is great for groups, football sundays or having a beer when you first get in  - see my review here - http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-pub-at-monte-carlo-las-vegas?hrid=rDMItdNC2AIOYUNhKHzBCQThe pub is in the mall area that leads towards the Aria hotel which s one of the newer higher end hotels in the area - see my review for that here - http://www.yelp.com/biz/aria-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas?hrid=Ei4gkvx1pn_FyQTlEUkaQQThe other draw here is the pool during the hotter months - I have a review for that a well - check that out here  http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-pools-at-monte-carlo-las-vegas?hrid=LqiLayTlYhiWlSfGt2Q5-A The casino itself is easy to get through its a bit of a longer rectangular shape and easy to navigate which I think is a plus. I also like the food court here as it stays open through the night - which Ive tested at 3 and 4am a few times Being a M Life players club member is a plus - it works for more than just earning comps when playing - use it when you check in, use it when you eat at the restaurants around the casino - its works all over and at other top hotels as well so jump on getting one All in all this is a great middle of the strip place to stay that is cheaper and gives you access to plenty
1	This place is not a luxury resort at all. U stayed here because this was a last minute business trip.  This is a great place if you have a young family. The check in experience was nice but long. The rooms were ok. The bathroom was very outdated. The shower head didn't have good pressure. The pool area was like you were at a water park packed with families  not particularly a nice relaxing place. The restaurants were ok.  The casino was not my favorite.  The mall had mediocre stores. This is not a great hotel to stay at.
4	I was here twice in a short period of time.  Its one of my hotels of choice.  Its at the start of the strip and (this actually appeals to me) the hotel itself seemed quieter.  On Friday and again on Monday, the crowd was only slightly different but it could have also been due to the time I visited which was the weekend before thanksgiving.  I also recommend signing up on mlife.com, I did get some discounts on the room and I presume I'll get points of some type.Friday Visit - It was fairly quiet.  Not a whole lot going on anywhere.  I went to one of the restaurant's between this hotel and Luxor (review for RiRa separate) and otherwise I walked around, there wasn't a whole lot of life, gambled a little and went back to my room.  If there was more going on I think I would have been more inclined to gamble more.  I liked the room choice but it was not what I selected online.  I choose a king bed and when I checked in I was told they only had two queen's unless I wanted to pay to upgrade.  I understand there might be some fine print saying "as available" but in the digital age its silly to me that they overbook their types of rooms and then charge me to change it.  Having said that though, the $50 upgrade in my opinion was nice, I got a view of the strip and the airport and the design of the room had a nice table seating area.  Of my two visits I liked this room more and I paid more for my second room.Monday visit - I expected this to be more mild and it was.  I had an enjoyable time but after grabbing some food, did a little gambling and then headed back. I paid for a better room this night but ended up stuck on the back side of the hotel at the very end of a very long hall.  The room was nice overall but it lacked outlets at the desk (standard two but one had the lamp, the nearest was some distance away, for a desk for work it should have been closer).  Overall I was happy with it just the one with the table, airport and strip view was better.Overall, the place is nice and clean.  I like that its more resort and less wild casino but would like for more people to visit.  All the action is definitely in the center of the strip and having a quieter experience is cool but at the same time, little action on the floor didn't really incentivize gambling.
1	We booked a room back in May. Free upgrade suite. Not honored because we didn't pay enough. The front desk people stated!! Last year we paid less & were upgraded to "The Hotel" V-suite.Stayed 2 nights, left for a different hotel. We got a suite & saved lots of $$$.We are Gold in Mlife.Will not be staying at Mandalay Bay anymore. Looking to book a Feb 2015 trip.We have stayed at MB 12+ times.Plus all the money we spent at the Spa, shopping, gaming, dinning etc....
5	Been going to Mandalay Bay for 10 years. Great views of Vegas from the south. Go to the rooftop bar.
3	So Vegas altogether needs an upgrade, especially this hotel.  It's dirty and the house keeping needs some help.  On the first day we arrived to dirty sheets, dirty and dusty tables and stained towels.  Really makes me cringe when I think about it.  Have stayed here a handful of times and each time the quality has gone down.  This time it was really gross... Won't be staying here anymore.
5	Two people from MB contacted us today. The issues has been resolved. MB stated they were sorry for what had happened, MB showed real class. Case closed.Mahalo  Stan
4	I came here with my family for Fourth of July about 4 years ago-ish. It wasn't necessarily a last minute trip, but we had a bit of difficulties trying to find a hotel that would allow dogs. lol. I don't remember what hotel we went to first, but over the phone they told us that they allowed dogs and when we got there, they told us no pets. It was quite frustrating. Not only had my car overheated but then this. So we kept driving around in about 115 degree heat in the middle of summer just getting really really tired of driving.Finally after about 3 other places we finally came here and they said they allowed small dogs. We were in luck. I think we actually got a pretty good deal too. The room was nice and it overlooked the strip and you could see a nearby airport across the way. I loved their large windows and just sat there on the floor looking out just admiring the lights and traffic etc. Yeah I'm weird like that. My dog sat with me which was kind of funny since I thought she might not like the height we were at. It was really packed with people down on the strip and there were a lot of hotel room parties going on. Walls are kind of thin or they just had the music way loud. Then again, they seemed to be talking in normal tones, but you could hear the majority of their conversations, which I particularly didn't like. The service was good and the rooms were cleanly compared to other places I've been to. This was my second trip to Vegas with my family in years. I didn't go into the casino area since I was underage at the time and spent most of the night with my camera outside taking pictures along the strip. That was actually pretty nice. There were a lot of the people handing out cards and the sidewalk was littered with them. Anyways, going off topic but the beds were very comfortable and I think we had room service cause everywhere we went was packed and we didn't want to deal with it. The food was good and service was prompt. I somehow missed the fireworks, but they probably had a decent view lol. I was just really happy that they allowed dogs. We didn't want to leave her alone at home while we were going to be away for a couple days. So they saved us from a disaster. :)
1	Ok.  So.  We played slots for 1.5 hrs.  And never even came close to having a waitress come and ask us for a drink.  Told later by bartenders that call in absenteeism is a habit here
4	First time I stayed here.  Comp'd room so I won't argue with the price.  Check-in was very quick.  Room is large.  Bed is comfortable.  Bathroom is huge.  A very nice place.  Not up to the Atria in terms of the comfort of the bed (or much less important, the modern electronics), but above many places on the Strip.  Some oddities: a lamp you turn on/off with a floor switch hidden behind a couch, or a large window into the bathroom next to the doorway (you don't want to open the room door while someone is bathing or changing -- or if you're sharing the room with not a naked-close friend, don't walk the hall while they're showering / bathing / changing).  Overall, I am comfortable here.  I'm a fan.
3	The hotel rooms are OK, but the price is great.  The Casino is not as great at pumping out smoke as other casinos.  If you stay in the room, bring some keurig pods because there's a machine in the room but they'll charge you $4 to use their pods.
4	We stayed here for my 21st birthday!!!Okay so let's start off from the beginning. We did a late check in (completely my fault I had a pre-birthday dinner with my family and we didn't end up getting there till 12am) originally we had a suite but because it was a comp room and there was an event at the hotel we got downgraded to a deluxe. So that was a big bummer to my boyfriend but I thought the deluxe was amazing and very spacious!!! The bed was favorite part because they had layers of blankets and a heavy but cool one (which is what I like) and the view was nice! Especially at night when the strip was lite up. There's hardly a downside to it. Oh wait I got one....the entrance to the shower has a door but it doesn't lock xD. But lucky there's another door that leads to the toilet and there's a button lock so yay!But I think some people at Mandalay don't know what vegas is about...apparently we were to "loud" we were just laughing and telling jokes. And one of our ignorant neighbors called the cops on us to "keep it down. It was only 10pm....white people? Jkjk But yeah I'll miss you Mandalay! COSMO your next!
5	Not really much to say. I don't gamble so the MB was mostly a place to stay and explore from.  The room and amenities were nice as were the grounds and stores were fun to explore. While overpriced (it is Las Vegas) the couple restuarants we ate at had good food. Been here before and would have no problem returning.
5	I love Mandalay Bay! When you walk through the doors you get a whiff of a fresh breezy tropical lotiony scent . Located on the strip one of the first hotels you come across. Delano is also a part of mandalay. There are a great selection of shops... Lush is here too! There is a tram or indoor walk route that leads you to Luxor Excalibur New York New York. Rooms have tubs which I like. They have a cardio exercise room downstairs that's open to guests but the gym is part of the spa and they charge a fee for daily access. There is a chapel, food court with subway etc, shark reef aquarium that's about $18-20 per personMy favorite thing about MB is their pools. Wave pool, lazy river pool with waterfalls. The best during the summer.Light is also here too.
5	Ok lemme start by saying I'm very impressed with this hotel. The room is clean, spacious and most importantly comfortable!!!! I understand that for a lot of people the room really don't matter much but for me it does. I spend some downtime in the there and during that time I like to be comfortable. So for me the room does matter. My first impression of the room is that it was nice and I'm getting a good value for the money. Ok when I got here it was around 5:00 and I dreaded checking in. I had a huge headache and I was feeling pretty tired cause I've been nonstop all day even before getting a plane to Vegas. All I wanted was to get the room, take a shower and relax for a bit. Well to my amazement there was literally no line. Normally at this time check in is a zoo. I was checked in quickly and was in the room in no time. When I got to the room I put my stuff away and was excited because the bathtub looked very inviting and bubble bath sounded like the next best thing to heaven and believe me it was. That bath is perfect for just soaking in. They also have a TV in the bathroom so you can soak and watch which is what I did. Then I rinsed off in the shower and washed my hair and the shower was amazing too. Five stars for that. As far as convince of the room goes there's a lot of outlets which is good. One disappointment is I normally like to try room service at least once and the day I fly in is usually perfect cause I usually don't feel like running around looking for a restaurant. I find their room service menu and find the crappiest room service menu ever. There's no variety for dinner at all. A burger, a salmon dish, and some flatbreads where all they had. Most room service has lots of variety. This was a joke so I skipped that. That's my only gripe though and it's not enough to deduct a star. They made up for it in comfort.The bed was very comfortable. The blankets were soft and the pillows were comfy. I slept great every night! The only thing about this hotel is the walls are VERY thin. If someone is in the room next to you you will hear everything and they don;t have to be loud for you to hear it all too well. They can be a little annoying but you get used to it. In only had someone in the room next to mine the first and last night I was there so I was lucky. There is a little 24 hour convenience shop right by the elevators so it is great for any toiletries or snacks or really anything you might need. I love having one of those near by cause they come in handy. The casino is great as well. They have alot of slot machines to chose from and plenty of playing tables with varying limits. The cocktail waitresses make their rounds often so you do not find yourself waiting forever to get a drink. There are also plenty of restaurants and bars so you don't have to venture far to get to what you need. I did express checkout via text so nothing to it. they have alot of express checkout options. The WiFi and TV went out for a few hours one night and they refunded me my resort fee for the day for the inconvenience which I felt was a nice gesture. Overall I really really enjoyed my stay here. Everything from the room to the restaurants to the casino was all great. This is at the top of my list of favorites and I will definitely be back. Every place is going to have their pros and cons and to me the cons were minimal at this place. Not enough to effect their rating.
4	We got a great offer through MLife and decided to go right before Christmas. We loved:- the bathroom (lots of counter space, a great shower, and a separate tub).- room furniture (extra seating and tables)- housekeeping (they were amazing and cleaned so well each morning)- awesome food & beverage promo they offered- easy/fast check in- friendly employeesWe didn't care for:- the location (we love walking everywhere and its just farther from things)- no one told us only one pool area would be open (it was freezing, but still)Despite all the things we loved, the distance from everything else is just a deal breaker. There's a tram that can get you to NYNY but it only starts running at 9am and we are kind of early people. So we'd walk as far as Bellagio or Ceasars and back but never made it to the other end of the strip. And the walk from Mandalay to just get to NYNY is boring. Doing that multiple times during our trip got old.
3	Stayed here on Christmas. While the rooms are quite large & the bathroom has double sinks, the walls seem to be very thin. You can hear people talking in the hall while you're in bed. There was also a strange noise with the plumbing in the bathroom here and there. The wireless internet did not connect most of the time. They are charging you a "resort fee", so the internet should always be working. If you put on the do not disturb sign on the door, don't expect housekeeping to care. They came into the room to "clean up" while we were out & took the sign with them. Don't expect a view from your window unless you've paid for one. The hotel has some stores & restaurants. They had an ice water station in the lobby, but they were out of water at times. They should be making sure that they do not run out since they have so many guests at their hotel.
2	Just returned from a trip in Vegas.  Mandalay Bay had great reviews, and the price was right.  First impressions of the Resort were overall very positive!  Check-in was super quick and the hotel staff was very friendly.From there, things went downhill.  The room presented reasonably well.  However, once being in the room for more than 20 minutes, things started showing.  The room felt "old" and used.  Sitting and laying on the bed (king size suite) was generally uncomfortable, as the bed had obvious indentations from bodies sleeping.  The room lamp (looks cool!) was beaten and battered...the phones didn't work, and we were completely locked out of the fridge!  We noticed stains on the comforter, and some of the towels had brown marks on them! Does Mandalay Bay wash their linens?!  The towels themselves were very rough, and felt more like sandpaper than a luxury towel.  The shower, while generally nice, lacked sufficient hot water to make it through the morning routine.  Two mornings in a row! What gives?!When these problems were brought to the staffs attention, there was a complete lack of courtesy, as they inquired that "despite your problems, are you enjoying your stay?"  They did not care about the problem, and made no effort to resolve the issues.We won't be going back to Mandalay Bay, unfortunately!!
4	I have been to Mandalay Bay on many occasions over the years. In its heyday, the rooms were nice and reasonably priced. The hotel is definitely showing its age but there are still many positive things about the property.Their parking is convenient and its one of my favorite properties based on location alone. They have many different dining options, many of which I have tried and enjoyed. Obviously Mandalay Beach is a favorite because of their pool and lazy river as well as their summer concert series. They offer many different shows in their events center as well as their theater over the years and I always look forward to their options. Overall, I enjoy this property as there is a little something for everyone here.
5	After reading MANY reviews of five and near five star resorts in Las Vegas, one may get the impression that the North end of the strip. Isn't the North strip home to the boarded up Sahara? The Fontainebleau Las Vegas that never even opened? And lest we forget the opulent Circus Circus? The South Strip is where the action is! And it has fewer of those nasty card peddlers!The crown gem of the South Strip is obviously Mandalay Bay Resort! Just walking in you can smell your in a different world. Marble and other expensive building materials are everywhere! And the outside of the building is acres and acres of exotic waterfalls, sculpture gardens and trees! And unlike Wynn (NICE but North Strip) Mandalay Bay has real grass and plants. Even the Palazzo is using fake plants these days. What's with that? Anyway - the grounds look and feel expensive because it cost a fortune to build. And it's comfortable and quiet in most of the public spaces except the pool area (second to none) and the exciting casino.This resort underwent a room renovation a few years ago to kill off the beach bungalow look and removed any trace of of a tropical theme. The new room decor is bright, modern and welcoming! Sound-proofing is good and the bathroom is massive and includes two sinks and an HDTV.Some people say that visitors to Las Vegas don't spend time in thier room. WRONG again! Why do you think the rooms and suites keep getting bigger and more plush? Because people do spend time in their rooms relaxing and entertaining or maybe even kicked back on the bed watching a high-def movie. Ask anyone who has spent a lot of time at the nicer resorts and they will tell you that the floor to ceiling glass curtain wall provides the most spectacular views of the strip. The whole strip just unfolds in front of you at night.The resort is also home to one of the worlds largest convention centers and it's own event/concert center. And every food choice imaginable is available either at the resort, at Mandalay Place or a quick tram-ride to Luxor, Excalibur, NYNY and the MGM Grand. And unlike the Las Vegas monorail the tram is free and better located. You have to walk miles to catch the monorail.The only thing I noticed on my last trip that needed some attention was the parking garage. It used to be kept cleaner but I noticed empty beer and other liquor bottles scattered around. Guess I wasn't invited to the party!I've only seen the massive pool area a few times, but it includes a lazy river, a wave pool, beach, and numerous pools including a more adult one. The pool complex would be awesome if they could just nix the children completely (especially the loud ones) but some resorts must bear the burden of accommodating children. But Las Vegas is NOT a family destination. I've enjoyed this resort for many years and plan on returning again soon. Be sure to see the photos.Room Tip: High floor room facing the strip!Side Note: I have not been in a year and refused to go, until they do an early cancellation of a Michael Jackson show. He frightens children and most adults and is dead.
4	If you are looking for a family friendly hotel, this is a good choice. The rooms are large and there are two closets (his/her) for lots of space for clothes. The bathrooms come with 2 sinks, a tub and shower. Nice luxurious accommodations. The dining options are larger here than other hotels, and there is also a food court when you want to save money on the expensive Vegas strip dining options. You can stay in the hotel area with lots of things to do, since it is actually 3 hotels connected to each other, Mandalay Bay, Four Seasons Las Vegas and the Delano. There is a excellent aquarium in the hotel called Shark Reek, and its excellent for kids. The pools here are so big with its own beach, lazy river and more. I recommend two restaurants here, the MIX at the Delano - 62 floors above the strip, and Veranda in the Four Seasons Las Vegas. Bayside Buffet was okay, at least its cheaper than most other buffet's on the strip, but they need to upgrade their dessert options. Its at the end of the strip, so it does take traveling to get to places. There is a free train that will take you to Excaliber and Luxor nearby. I used taxi's a lot, and it will probably be $15 - $22, including tip, to take you to where you want to go on the Strip. So that is the down side of this hotel. Also, I got a pool view room, which was great. If possible try to stay with a Pool view or Strip view, because the rooms facing the airport could be noisy.
3	We originally came to Mandalay bay 3 years ago, because it was a beautiful resort and we loved our stay so we came back. This time we booked 3 months in advance to assure a suite and when we got hear they over booked. Granit it is New Years but   We booked 3 months in advance. Some money off the deposit was refunded but it don't amount to the experience for us. In other situations when this happened we were more than accommodated, in this one we definitely weren't. We'll definitely pick some where else next time to reassure a suite.
3	Nothing special but at least it's clean.  Unfortunately, it's situated inconveniently at the end of the strip but that's what makes it cheaper than the middle strip hotel.  The dining options are pretty limited here and there's the usual casino.  However, amidst the south end of the strip, I'd say this one is the least trashiest hotel so choose this one over the rest of the south end :) .
4	One of the better places we've stayed in Vegas! I wasn't sure what to expect since this was an unplanned trip we reserved the deluxe king room.  The room was nice, bright, large and clean.Check In- this was my only downer of the trip. I flew in before hubby on New Year's Eve and waited for 25 minutes. After getting to the desk my name wasn't attached to his M life account. Instead of calling him they made me leave the desk and wait for him to add me. That took an extra 25 minutes instead of the clerk talking to my hubby directly.Otherwise the hotel feels more upscale and luxurious than the others we have visited. A lot of marble, art, and interesting things to view. The place was immaculate and they were always cleaning. The staff was the friendliest we've come across.The restaurants were wonderful! We ate in most of them and every meal was delicious! If you can't find anything you like in the hotel, there are a ton of restaurants in the shoppes between this hotel and Luxor.The hotel is located at the end of the strip so prepare to taxi it or there is a free monorail that will take you to the Excalibur. From the Excalibur you can walk over the overpass to the MGM to catch the paid monorail that will take you close to most strip hotels. It's a bit more walking but you will save 15.00 each way in taxi fares and get to see other hotels. We will definitely be coming back to Mandalay. The only negative was our room was never super clean after the first visit. Our maid left dirty cleaning cloths on the floor two days in a row and would never take dirty glasses out of the room. This kind of grossed me out but I never complained so it's on me. Definitely give this place a try.
2	I am a very unhappy customer...I have stayed here before and it was great but this time I am very disappointed. I visited LV for the New Year and stayed 3-days. During that time I experienced Elevators not working , loss of electrical power in my room, delay with bell desk had to call 3 times, incorrect information about what time I could check out( I paid for a late check out but was given the wrong check out time) our bed covers and sheets smelled stale and the cocktail waitresses and bartender were not friendly In fact Frank at the Eye Candy bar was a full on ass hole. I wont be staying here again.
3	3.5 StarsWas in town for the JT concert and Mandalay Bay was a great choice for our very short overnight stay!Check in was a breeze! We arrived early (just before 7am) and the hotel was quiet. Rather, the whole city of Vegas was quiet as well-probably still asleep. We stayed on the 29th floor with an awesome view of the strip!We didn't get a chance to see much of the casino, as no one in my group gambles.We did take the tram from Excalibur. We walked from our end of the strip to the Venetian. So, definitely far!We slept for about 2 hours and the bed was very comfy. I think the hotels need to upgrade their iHome pods... We wanted to plug in our iPhones into the radio, but it was only for generation 4 phones and older. At least the TV had music "stations" and we were able to turn it up, while we were getting ready.The main thing I'll always remember was our visit to the Starbucks in the hotel. The price was marked up WAY high!
3	Thank u for your apologies but there's no need to over book. If u have a certain amount of suites available and there's walk in customers you should hold the rooms that were held because like I said we booked 3 months in advance. I appreciate the company trying to right the wrong but I think greed is the main factor that bothers me. If the company wasn't willing to hold suites then why say have us put a deposit? I feel it was to insure we would still stay with the resort. There also was a huge line at check in so when we finally got the the front of the line after a half an hour of waiting, we just wanted to lay down so unfortunately we ended up staying. We travel at least 5 times a year and I definitely won't be doing business with you guys again but thank u for trying to clear your business's name. It's a beautiful resort but when u over promise and under deliver, it's considered bad business.
4	Ever since I could remember I made an annual pilgrimage to Sin City, and while I detest loud drunk tourists and crazy crowds, the buffets and shopping sprees keep me coming back - so naturally staying in a hotel that is far enough from all the noisy sights, but close enough to access all the major attractions, is a huge plus - Mandalay Bay you're too good to be true. I can't keep my eyes off of you... Haha I digress... Mandalay Bay is one of those classy, but comfortable hotels that sits at the front of the strip, which has multiple benefits. 1) The strip is notorious for bad drivers and pesky pedestrians who continue to walk even though red hand is flashing - Since this hotel is right at the beginning you can by-pass this part :)2) Because it's at pne end of the strip,  you can get a beautiful view of the city of lights without having to hear all the noise pollution3) There's a tram that connects to Luxor/Excalibur: The tram runs from 11:00 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. Monday through Friday, and until 12:30 on Saturday and Sunday nights, so it's very convenient.The rooms itself was very nice and accommodating and on this most recent trip I had the opportunity to stay in a suite, which included a large tub and mini tv! Woo! The beds are incredibly comfortable and with a big screen TV I was able to relax and enjoy late night shows after a long day of eating and shopping. The only drawback is that the room's mini fridge. They have a motion censor so if you move anything in the fridge they'll charge you for the items. :( I like to bring home leftovers and to keep my own beverages cold, but this doesn't seem to be an option. But other than that, I love staying at Mandalay Bay!
