5	The largest H&M in the WORLD is now open in Las Vegas at The Forum Shops. And, it is utterly fabulous.Who says fashion doesn't exist in Las Vegas? I've visited various H&M stores across this nation, and this new H&M is not only the largest, but it's also the most amazing and stylish one, too. The staff is friendly, helpful and chic to suit. With three lovely levels of women's, men's and kids' apparel and accessories, you could spend an entire day here shopping. There is even a lingerie department. And while prices are always affordable for the working class girl, the layout, design and interior decor are all so sleek, glamorous and luxe. Yes you are bargain shopping at H&M, but you feel like you are in the middle of Saks. It's that awe inspiring. So go. And go NOW. For those of you locals who avoid the Strip to avoid the tourists and traffic, you will find your habits changing. The new H&M has given us all a reason to go back to the Strip regularly.
5	The largest H&M in the world just opened here in Vegas today. Located in the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace. The atmosphere/vibe of this store is great. Friendly service and plenty of clothes to choose from. The store is huge it's three stories with elevator and escalator access. Fully equipped with a dj playing great music. In typical Vegas style it's like a fusion of a store and a club. If you love H&M or fashion in general and your in Vegas you definitely need to stop by this store and shop.
5	I was very excited to see this location was open. So after lunch we decided to do a little retail therapy. When you walk up you are greeted by several men in black..seriously! Very funny.Gotta love the giant disco balls spinning overhead and the techno music thumping.They were having some MAD sales since it was the grand opening. There are 3 levels to check out..not great with a stroller since you have to use the elevator and there was a wait.I loved most of the clothes they had there. I did not care for the couture clothes section..guess Im no Carrie Bradshaw.I did manage to find 2 dresses for 10 bucks each!! Whoo hoo!!That was such a score. I know Candy found some amazing things as well. I think all and all this is the best H & M in Vegas.
3	Being the world's largest H&M, I would expect an enormous selection of clothing on every floor. But, my experience here left me memorizing the clothing that's available (as if I could point someone out, that their attire came from here)On each floor, I noticed some of the same selection of dresses provided. (Kind of a bummer, if I were to purchase this type of dress and have someone know where I got it or even worst, have the same exact one)I'm not too fond of the place, I'd rather go to town square. But I do like the interior design of the store.
1	Another place for "disposable clothing".  Up to the minute trends, but poor poor quality
5	Finally H&M opened up! I was extremely excited to hear that it was finally opening since they were suppose to open in November. As you walk in the first floor is women's clothing, second floor women's casual and men's clothing, and the third floor children's. They had a huge sale and a wide selection of clothing. As for the customer service I have to say it was okay. I understand that the people are still in training but still should have knowledge of what's going on in the store.
5	If I lived in Vegas, the H&M at the Forum Shops would own at least a third of my pay. Seriously. This location is a frugalista's dream. Three levels of cute. With a DJ spinning obnoxious house music (at least he was when we were there)... I could do without that, really...but it didn't really deter me from frolicking through the aisles. Since it's the largest H&M on the globe, they carry the couture lines and also some clothing that is elsewhere only available overseas. I was so excited to FINALLY see the Lanvin for H&M line since it sold out at South Coast Plaza in a hot second. Still a bit pricey...but it's Lanvin!The dressing rooms are awesome...it's a HUGE dressing closet, each room is spacious and has enough hooks to accommodate hangers by the plenty. The second floor dressing area is adjacent to Intimates, which boasts a large, round boudoir sofa... there were about ten bored, sad face looking women sitting on it... I don't know why they were so bored, sad faced! Maybe they didn't see the $10 dresses... I wish I'd had more time to shop but we had dinner rezzies on the opposite side of the Forum Shops so I didn't get to explore as much as I would have liked but I will DEFINITELY be back... oh yes... I will.
3	I pretty much only buy dress shirts and ties from H&M thesedays since I'm probably their marketing demographics equivalent of a senior citizen.  Decor is cool.  What did they end up doing with that huge FAO Schwartz horse?  Avoid the fitting rooms on the 2nd floor at all costs.  Especially on the weekend.  Third floor is pretty empty and even the first floor is usually a better option.  I would also pass on the 2nd floor for purchasing since it's easily the most crammed area.
5	Probably one of the best things that happened to me during my trip to Vegas.The place is huge! 3 stories high with bright lights and awesome music (even better than some clubs!). If you're a girl, you're in luck because ladies clothes take up all 3 stories with some for guys on the 2nd floor and some for kids on the 3rd floor.The couple times I've been here, the sale sections have always been good to me and I bought a lot of dresses for under $10! There is a wide selection of all kinds of styles, many of which I haven't seen in other H&M stores before.Also, it's great that tax in Vegas is lower than it is in California so more shopping for me!
5	3 Stories of Clothes Glory.That should be their slogan. This place has a beautiful set up. It's grandiose, it's gaudy, it's outrageous, it's bright.... it's Vegas. Poifect. This place has everything H&M is known for: cheap, chic clothes, in the middle of expensive Vegas. I love it. BUT, by everything, I mean-- they don't have anything different from every other H&M. It's just more beautiful. I'm a sucker for flashy, so I was won over. If you ever go to Vegas and you forget something, don't panic. You don't necessarily have to cough up the $165 for a nice dress shirt, shoes or dress you might need. Check out H&M.
5	Can I please have the huge FAO Schwartz horse that was there, please?Well, this H&M is a beast. It's huge and my boyfriend went bonanza in the men's section (the largest I've seen yet). Since I came on the opening weekend, there were mega deals and some items were super cheap. I was somewhat overwhelmed by the shear square footage.
5	This is what I am talking about when I say I hit the Jackpot in Vegas. I don't gamble ($5 in a slot over 3 days doesn't count) so shopping, eating and drinking is what I do when I visit Sin City. This place is 3 stories of shopping fun! They have a very classy and sexy lingerie room that rivals other fancy lingerie shops. Plush carpet, round cushioned chairs, curtained dressing rooms, beautiful lighting and displays.The rest of this 3 story shopping monstrosity is filled with so much H&M fashion that I have never seen at any other store. I think this H&M is cream of the crop. I first discovered a 3 story H&M in Chicago over 5 years ago and I thought this place was amazing. Chicago, SF and NYC still have it going on with their 3 story H&M and current fashion at affordable prices but something about this Vegas location that gets all the "oooohhhs and awwwweess" out of me.
5	Oh my, what a beaut! This has Vegas written all over it. Huge disco balls, floor numbers decked out in flashing lights, mannequins that look like they're about to get their rage on. I can only imagine how crackin' this joint would be when a DJ is playing. Call it Club H&M, if you will. My jaw dropped when I saw the dressing room/women's lounge. Women's lounge?! Just add a restroom and I'd probably never leave. This one's definitely a retail feast for the eyes. A friend of mine was sent to help with the setup and opening of this location. I can see the tremendous effort everyone put in to make this happen. I'm beyond impressed. Note to self: Save room in luggage for next Vegas trip, as to give myself an excuse to shop here.
4	In the words of Paris Hilton: HUGE!!!Loud music, open space, so much things to look at. And I wouldn't expect anything less from this Vegas store. AND IT'S THE LARGEST IN THE WORLD...oh lordyyy.Came here on the grand opening weekend and loved the music so much that I was dancing on the escalators. Very nightclub-esque. SO much so that my friend and I took a few shots at the bar right outside the store and did some drunk shopping after that. (hey, it's Vegas...don't judge me...it's a good idea for the retailers if you ask me....drunk ppl spend more!)Only reason it isn't a 5 star rating is that it is so massive that I'm more likely to miss the perfect fit trying to maneuver thru the store.
4	This HM has go to be the best one so far! The sales were fat! The variety of mens clothing was huge. 3 floors of a gentlemen's closet! woohoo! I wanna shop here again!
5	Three floors of fashion heaven:) The store just attracts attention with the glamorous display they set up with mannequins flying over the ceiling and golden disco balls dangling everywhere. The store is incredibly well organized and the customer service is superb! I wish all stores were like this!
5	***THREE FLOORS OF CHEAP CLOTHES*** LOL..Plus they carry lots of men's clothes unlike the store at Planet Hollywood.  Let's see I found the most awesome trench coat, like 3 shirts, scarf, a hat, and some weird couture men's shirt all for under $200 !!!The only problem I guess is that the men's dressing rooms were constantly full so we had to be kept directed to the women's lingerie dressing area in the back of the store on the 2nd floor.The design concept of the store, the clothes, and friendliness, and the exceptional value of the clothes themselves were awesome.  I guess this is the largest H&M anywhere so I'll definitely be back each time I visit Las Vegas.
4	they did great things with the floor space of the former FAO Schwarz.  i can't say a lot about this store as i don't normally purchase H&M clothes, but i am a fan of this unique store.Service: 7/10 Variety: 8/10, Parking: 10/10 marc out.
3	I'm a fan of H&M and was so psyched to hear Vegas was getting the world's largest! I finally made it over there to check it out last week and I was pretty unimpressed. It felt big and cavernous, but really didn't feel like it had all that much merchandise. Many things were found in 3 or 4 different places, and the layout was awful. There's a pretty girly area you would think would be all underwear but was a weird mix of ugly shoes, purses, and yes, some underwear too. They also had a very weak accessories department (compared to the Chicago store on Michigan avenue at least), and I hated how women's clothes were strewn about on 3 different floors. Combine the kids and the mens for crying out loud - don't make me hike from floor to floor! Color me disappointed. At this point I prefer shopping at the more condensed store in Town Square. This was one of the first H&M trips I've ever been on and walked away empty handed!
5	BEST H&M EVER!!! It's so clean! AND they carry the new sports line! Being a sports clothing fanatic....seriously, it's beginning to become a problem)....I WANT THE NEON SPORT BRAs SO BAD!!!! I LOVE THE WHOLE SPORTS COLLECTION! TO DIE FOR!!!!!THREE stories of fashion. It's any fashionista's dream come true! My friend from NYC even said she's never seen an H&M store like this one.Prices are great, variety is awesome and the sports line just makes it pretty darn amazing.Also, there's a DJ on the 3rd floor in the sky. That is just too rad H&M.
5	This H&M is legit! I have been to H&Ms all over the world and this one blows them all out of the water. The 3 levels are pretty organized. There are obviously plenty of women's styles but also very extensive men's and children's sections. It's just visually stimulating, so be prepared to lust after everything you lay eyes on. The customer service was surprisingly good. They got me all the sizes I needed and were very helpful even though this visit was on a busy Saturday. Also they were able to find this bird print dress that I was not able to find in my size at another location in CA. Yep, I said bird print.  I mentioned to my hubby that this store location is growing as we do since it used to be that massive FAO Schwartz when we were younger.As an added bonus Max Brenner is right across from the store entrance for an indulgent treat after tirelessly trying on all of those clothes.
5	Amazinnn Amazinn Amaaaazinnnnnng.I came to the Forum Shoppes just to witness the largest H&M in the world and I couldn't have been more impressed! Obviously the place is huge with three stories of amazingness! I spent a pretty long time browsing the racks in here and I enjoyed every second of it.Great deals to be found all over. They do sell the occasional over priced item though so don't forget to check the price tags before you end up buying a jacket that may or may not be a little over your budget!! Oh well! Its Vegas so anything goes! :DAnother good thing about this place being so big is that it doesn't seem that crowded since there's plenty of room to roam and browse as there is a lot to be seen. The workers are friendly enough. Racks are neat and organized and not overly stuffed.Happy shopping.
3	December 2010 was my first time in a H&M, ever.  So of course, it was a bit overwhelming walking in and looking around for nothing in particular.  I checked it out with one of my bozo friends.  I say bozo because he insisted that I take pictures of him in the store doing ridiculous poses with ridiculous H&M accessories / clothes.  By the time we reached the horse "statue" (somewhere on the second or third floor), the ridiculousness stopped.  Not by choice, but by the unnecessarily stern / grouchy saleswoman who said, with much unnecessary attitude, "picture taking isn't allowed in the store."  This kind of irritated me.  Yes, I do know she's just doing her job - but what's with the attitude?  Hell, I even apologized for the pictures (I honestly didn't know this wasn't permitted), but she blatantly chose to just point-blank ignore my words and make faces at us.  So of course, I chewed out my friend for all this but also felt a wave of relief that the photo-op madness was over.Otherwise, I found a very shiny and very cheap coin purse as well as a very shiny and very cheap flower pin for myself and my sister.  None of the clothes really impressed me (especially since it was hard to even find my size) - but I did spend some time in the lingerie department.  That's where things got weird for me.  I entered the dressing room to try on a corset and a few other similar items.  There were three employees there - two guys and one girl.  I figured the girl would help me considering what I was holding but nope, I was once again ignored.  So one of the guys did, instead.  I don't know if I'm just old-fashioned, but I felt really uncomfortable having a male employee carry my lingerie to a changing stall, and then tell me that if I needed any different sizes, to ask him for help.  Umm...  Even if he happens to swing "the other way"...  Thanks but no thanks.  I ended up purchasing the shiny/cheap accessories, the corset and a few undies that were on sale.  It took a while to make the purchase because the cashier lines were pretty long, but I was used to it at this point of the trip (due to the holiday season).I'll probably go back here on my next LV trip, but most likely just to browse.Two stars off to account for the following:layout of the store (it's kind of confusing and seems chaotically planned)limited sizes in stock (in clothes and shoes)the grouchy "no pictures" saleswomanthe awkwardness in the dressing room
3	I came to take a peek since the store front looks attractive and on occasion I do find something cute.First ding is the layout. The displays are cool, but the layout itself is plain stupid. First floor there is a corner of mens clothes when you enter and the rest is womens. 2nd floor is womens, mens, accessories, a lingerie area that was part shoes and part bathingsuits. 3rd floor was more womens and kids, baby. Put all the damn mens in one place and put all the womens stuff into two floors.  A few things were cute but they weren't a price I'd pay for the quality of material (like a $59 dress that was cute but material thin). I did find a cute skirt for $19 but I often leave this spot without clothes. I normally find cheap accessories and hairclips but I was disappointed to find that the accessories corner for such a big store was weak sauce. The BF wasn't interested in the mens stuff displayed.I did not browse heavily. I will probably be back since I do go to shop stores often at the Forums.
5	The layout and visual presentation of the whole store = stunning!!!Most of the staff here is newer so just try to excuse their "clueless" service and inability to answer big questions.All the men's clothes are on the 2nd floor, it's a much larger men's department than I've seen in any other H&M store besides, New York City.Their fitting rooms have to be the most luscious looking ones I've ever seen. This store is vastly huge!! And their selection and variety of everything from ties, shirts, and suits is amazing.Great place to stop by when you're in Vegas. Girls and guys will both enjoy shopping here.
5	What an amazing H&M store! It is 3 stories high, and a super large women's section. The kids clothes are most amazing, and they have tons of little gifts throughout the store (not to mention shoes popping out everywhere to tempt you!). The store was built in the same space as FAO Shwartz was, as is absolutely huge and beautiful. It's in the Ceasar's Forum shops, which is my fave place to shop. Not alot of customer service people to help you find clothes that you see on the Models or pictures, though, but that just made me shop the whole store. Love it, will be back for sure!
2	Went shopping here because it was right across from Max Brenner and my friend needed a dress for that evening's festivities. It was cool when you first looked up but once you get inside its very bizarre how they laid it out. As Jade W. said in her review "the layout itself is just plain stupid". I must agree. I did find some cute stuff for my super sexy date night with my man but their prices have gone way up (each dress was $60) and the quality isn't that great. The lighting is bright and somewhat annoying and the dressing rooms make you feel like you are being slammed into a locker or a cupboard. I might be back if I am bored and stuffed from too much Max Brenner chocolate. The staff was pretty nice....if this review was just about them then it would get 4 stars.
5	This place is AWESOME , so big and great prices, fantastic selection
3	Well I don't really shop here often but, it is a place I take a lot of friends that don't have a lot of dressy clothes when they visit and need disposable tear away clothes. It is very huge and for girls there is a giant selection. However if you are a guy the selection is not much different from the H&M at Town Square.
4	Very nicely designed store- 3 frigging floors of crazy shop. Man.. if i was a rich girl.. I would be going crazy!
3	Due to the enormousness of the store itself, it surely is an attraction to all tourists shopping at the Caesar's Palace Forum Shops. It is said to be the largest H&M, if not one of the largest, and that story ends here.WHEN: During weekdays, 10am-11pm. During weekends, 10am-midnight.WHERE: Located inside the Caesar's Palace Forum shops.WHAT: There are three floors distinctly organized and arranged, but there are some replays on each floor (probably due to the amount of space they have to play with), which is understandable. 1st floor: All the new season's arrivals are usually shown on the first floor, because it is what will attract the customers to come in. The whole set-up is usually pretty cool, and on the top left there is usually a dj spinnin'.  As you walk towards the back where the registers are, it gets a little more casual slash sophisticated.2nd floor: Upon arriving on the second floor, it is more junior-like, and the accessories are right beside the registers! As you move into the second floor, there are 3 different rooms. The first room you will land in is more for the career-look, nice outings, and for those who are fashion-forward. The second room to the right is the men's section.  And, the room farthest in is the intimate section for the ladies (undies, bras, heels).3rd floor: On the third floor, you can find kids clothing and maternity, while the other half being more casual, such as plain t's, tanks, sweats, etc.WHY: Check it out, there are always new things you may like!
4	H&M can be a hit or miss store with me, but nonetheless if you do find something you like its usually at a good price. Especially their accessories. You can afford to buy a few pieces to change or update an outfit without blowing the bank.  I was recently in Vegas and visited this newly opened H&M in the Forum Shops. We had been to the one at Miracle Mile the day before and were disappointed it was so small. This one is an experience for sure. Like everything Vegas it was big, loud, and glitzy. Multiple levels, a DJ booth, lights, and a huge selection of clothing. My friend found a dress to wear out that night for $40 and I bought an $8 pair of sunglasses. Not bad at all.
5	JAW dropping, LIGHTS flashing, EXCITEMENT raising H&M store.Walking through all the forum shops in cesars is depressing. Big brand here luxury brand there those equal to expensive unaffordable wish i can have stuff....leads to a depressing why is it all in front of my face type of feeling.So....when i first spotted the store and I mean its really easy to spot since its sooooo GINORMOUS, I immediately ditched the boyfriend and speed walked my ass over to the store. I love h&m for its affordable fashion so when i spotted this all bets were off and going straight to some serious shopping. The store is BIG was clean and organized. perfect. Bought a few extra outfits for my trip there.
3	A big two level store with tons of clothes and accessories. I actually didn't like too much of what I saw or tried on, but that won't stop me from going into other H&M's that I happen upon. The store was organized with most everything in its place. Not too many sales associates walking around to ask questions if you had any though.I walked out with a $30 white blazer and a $6 pair of aviator sunglasses.
4	This H&M store is pretty big and very stylish. However, with the size and all they don't carry much and that's the reason why I didn't give it a 5 star. The inside looks great very clean and seems like it's well kept but they just didn't have enough clothes to look at. I've been to H&Ms that is smaller than this one and they had more inventory. Maybe I should give it a 3 star but since I was a tourist and I've never seen or been in this H&M before I'm more nice about it.
5	I've been to H&M Herald Square NYC, Michigan Ave Chicago and many H&M stores in Southern CA.  The H&M Caesar's Forum Shops is the neatest and most organized H&M I've ever seen.  Friendly staff is very helpful.  Live DJ spins tunes in DJ platform above.This H&M branch has Men's dept, Women's lingerie, baby & kids departments infant size through size 14.  Three floors of clothes.  Don't bother with tiny H&M at Planet Hollywood Shops.  H&M at Caesar's Forum Shops is best on strip and possibly best in USA.
4	Huge store. The clothes are hung up and kept orderly. Cashiers are efficient. Fitting room clerks can be more helpful. Though the clothes don't ever fit right and the sizing is a lil off their accessories are a great deal!
5	3 Floors of H & M???? are you kidding me? nope. although you might  think it's ginormous it's not really. it seems big cuz the 3 floors are staring right at you but it's 3 mid size floors on top of each other. don't get me wrong it's huge but the architecture fools you. like the other stores this one seems to offer more ladies clothing than gentleman -_- but it still has more selections than your average H&M store. although it's at the forum shops at  Ceasar's you would think the prices of the clothes will be higher, they are not. i found sick clothing here that i don't even see at my local retailer. definitely a must go if you're short on clothing while you're on your trip
2	gf forced to me go in here. music was to loud. place had a good amount of people but the staff moved super slow. They actually have 1 unorganized line that breaks up into 2 registers. We must have been in that line 12-15 minutes.
3	Oh Miami, when will you grace us with the joys of H&M? Always a favorite shopping spot of mine, we had to make a special trip. This location is a MILLION times better than the one in the Miracle Mile shops at PH. I bought a few cute things. Wasn't terribly impressed with their current fashion lineup, but they did have some adorable accessories. This location is massive, so be ready to spend a little time here. But no worries, there's a Fat Tuesdays right across the way for bored guys whose GFs wanna shop. :)
5	I've only been to Vegas once and when I did I made it my number 1 goal to come here!!I've been obsessed with H&M ever since I saw how nice and affordable their clothes were in my GQ magazine.  Any time they showcased some of the clothes from here I thought "wow, I'd LOVE to wear that!"  So my hunt for H&M clothes was on!  Much to my dismay, I find that they don't have an online store and the nearest one to Houston, TX was in Vegas.  And now we're even getting television ads for it to tempt us!  What a tease, but I knew when I went to Vegas I couldn't leave without stopping there.And boy was I glad when I did!  First of all, it's much bigger in person than you think it will be.  So pretty inside.  3 floors of fashion!  And everything in there is so stylish, but most importantly, it's CHEAP!  OMG I've never found a better deal for such high quality clothes!I spent over an hour in there trying to pick out the right Vegas outfit, but it was worth it!!!  Black shorts - $10Gingham shirt - $10And I splurged here - Grey pants - $30If you haven't said "WOAH" yet, you're not paying attention!  Jeans at AE cost no less than $50.  The jeans here started at $25!  That's HALF.  They're opening a store in Dallas, which is 4 hours away, but the trip there might be worth it.  If they ever finally open one in Houston, I'll never shop anywhere else.  LOVE IT.
4	I can't say much that hasn't already been said- it's huge, there's a ton of variety, love the location and the way the store looks, etc... but I can't give this or any H&M I've been to 5 stars because 1. Their staff is unhelpful generally, and many are unfriendly. 2. They never open enough registers, leaving what few staff members actually working looking frazzled at the million people in line. I've walked out of H&M after waiting 20 minutes and not moving, MORE times than I've successfully purchased something.3. Inconsistent sizing and sometimes poor (terrible) quality items.With all that said, I still have to give it a 4 star review because when you do find something good, it's really fantastic! It's definitely a store designed for younger, trendier people, and if I were bolder in my fashion choices, I'm sure I would find items more often.
5	I love any H&M and this one is no exception!! it's freaking huge and the music is so loud, I could hear it from 5 shops away!! They have everything under the sun for girls, guys, and kids!! Some employees were in their own little world at the dressing room, but it was funny to hear their conversations. I hardly had time to do any shopping this past trip, but made sure to hit up the Forum Shops cause I knew they had a humongous H&M here...even my BF found something there!
1	A few months back...2/18/11Sorry for the late review...I was steaming so much from my experience it took like 6 month to calm down.Long story short, I received a comped $250 shopping voucher from Cesars. I chose to use it at H&M that day. Had spent 2 hours shopping and lost my voucher trying on a coat.  Asked the security guard just seconds later if he saw a voucher and he said he found it. He had given it to the manager on duty. Went to ask the manager for the voucher and out comes this little Asian dude. He said he could not give me the voucher back, "How do I know its yours?" Really? I'm the only one out 200 people in the store frantically looking for a lost voucher only minutes ago. Basically he knows he can use that voucher himself at any other store in the Cesars mall. I went the distance to call the Police...they couldn't do anything! I asked to rip up the voucher and little asian manager dude said he'll do it later. I said no do it now because I know youre going to use it. Everyone around said he should rip it up too. I tossed the clothes that I was gonna buy in his face.BTW...he said the cameras are fake ...total BSWas once a H&M fan and have not yet bought one item from them again! I wrote a formal complaint to Cesar Entertainment and thanks to them my host gave me a $500 credit....thanks. And I did not use it at H&M.
3	The staff: I think because of the volume of the store, they know they don't have to be on their A-game when it comes to costumer service.  It's the largest H&M in the world, the title sells itself.  So why harp on costumer service?  BECAUSE IT'S IMPORTANT, whether you work at Saks or the drive-thru at Wendy's.  I've been in costumer service 7 years, including retail (when you think about it, everyone is in customer service) so I know the difference it makes to  look at people when you talk to them.  It wasn't awful.  No one was rude or impatient with me, no one followed me around the store; but there was a lack of attention that was noted.  I'm justing saying, it would have been nice if she looked at me when she told me to have a nice day.  PS- not that I needed one, but where are any of the managers??The goods:  It's H&M.  I love their style.  And because of the bigger store, that means more selection.  Only complaint, you'll burn through your wallet by the time you get to the second floor.The atmosphere: Live DJ, very nice.  I love watching people start to shuffle around the store...usually because they're in my company and I don't have a choice but to enjoy it.  I like that the 3 different levels have stuff for girls and guys, rather than making each level gender specific, it's more style specific.Bottom line, I love the store, I love the prices, but the "talent" could use a little polishing.  From what I've read from other reviews, I don't think I'm the only one that feels that way.
4	How far they have come. When they first open, I was so disappointed. Their selection was minimal and the repeat displays throughout the store was a let down. I am a window shopper first, it takes a lot to impress me enough to want to buy something, and that is probably why I disliked this location for quite some time. This time around it was very different. By far, exponentially superior to the one inside the Miracle Mile and now a step above the Town Square shop. I saw many items that could not be found at the other two and am itching to see what else they have in store for winter. If you need inexpensive club wear, hipster chic, or more young business professional wear this is the place to be.
4	While this store gives me anxiety because of the size and selection, I find it hard not to gravitate towards it any time I'm in the Forum Shops. Huge is not the word. Massive is not the word. Catastrophically enormous is more like it. H&M is good for a few things-relatively cheap work separates, sunglasses, jewelry and staples such as tank tops, t-shirts, leggings, etc. This H&M doesn't have the selection work separates (or it's possible I haven't found them yet?) that the one at Town Square does however it's packed to the top with everything else including an expansive kids' section. The staff has been helpful for the most part and has done a pretty decent job at keeping the place organized which I imagine is pretty difficult considering the size and number of people stomping through the door on a daily basis.I really like their selection of jewelry-most of which runs under $20 and ranges from classy chic to overly trendy funky. There's a ring, necklace, bracelet and earring for everyone in there and best of all the selection fits into most budgets.This is definitely the better of the three local H&M's and worth a look if you happen to be lost in the maze disguised as The Forum Shops.
3	I really wanted to visit H&M at Caesar's because it's the flagship store on the west coast. Upon visiting, my first impressions are that the sheer size of the store is impressive. I'm sure the store would be way more appealing if you don't have an H&M back home yet; however, living in Southern California and living right by four locations made me feel underwhelmed by this store. I know the layouts at H&M stores always change, but when I was there..There was women's everyday and men's gray right when you enter the store. Located closer to the first escalator was basics and trend, the latter of which I felt was paltry compared to the one at  little H&M at South Coast Plaza. Trend is demarcated by a light pink tag and is priced at a higher price point than the rest of H&M's lines.The second floor held divided red and black, women's accessories, more men's which I didn't explore, a mixture of everyday and modern classic, and a women's intimates section. Cash point was situated between divided and accessories. I felt like the long line at cash point made the area feel a little frenetic.Everyday and modern classic was mixed together and I didn't feel like there was as obvious separation between the two lines as there is at the Irvine stores. I thought the little intimates section was really cute, but I thought it was weird that they had their design by night collection, distinguishable by a black label, there as well.On the third floor was the kid's lines as well as women's L.O.G.G. It was significantly more empty upstairs and I finally felt like I had room to breathe and walk around the store. There was a lot in terms of children's clothes and the whole floor was really tidy overall.
4	Probably on my itinerary when I was staying and visiting in Las Vegas was definitely to go to the H&M at Caesar's Forum Shops. I took a little far walk to actually get to the store, but as we approached I was so excited! Honestly the first glance I got at it, I was amazed. My jaw dropped at the size and the set-up of the entire store! It was amazing and it looked exactly how it was in photos.The colors and the disco balls were amazing, and the live DJ was an extra plus! As I shopped around they didn't quite have the best selection of the clothing, I quickly skimmed through the first floor and didn't find anything cute. Onto the second floor, I did find the section with the cash register really cute! They had a huge selection of jewelry and accessories,  with their wall filled with them and racks! I also found really cute pieces of clothing in that section, but as I proceeded to the huger room, I didn't really find anything cute. But in the lingerie room, the set-up was really nice and elegant and fancy! The third story was quite boring though. The dressing rooms were very different! I felt as if I were being stuffed into a locker, at the size of one of the doors. As the lady opened the room, I was thinking "how am i gonna get into this?" but it was fine! As I was changing I felt quite queasy though, I felt as if the store was moving, I don't know if it was just me and also it was REALLY dark in the dressing room, so it didn't make it better because the walls are so black!On the employee service there, it was okay, some of them seemed unfriendly while some were opposite. No one really approached me  except one employee, he was really nice and actually complimented me also.But overall, it was a good experience, but I was kinda disappointed of their stock of clothing, I didn't really find a lot of good things.
5	I did not know that this was the biggest h and m in the workload til after I went back home from my vacation!
3	This H&M is HUGE! I felt like I was in a 70's party with the glitter balls hanging from the ceilings. I can tell this H&M is frequented a lot since they didn't have my size in stock. I had seen a wool coat in San Francisco that I was thinking about purchasing and since I was in H&M in Vegas decided to get it. No size, unfortunately. I did end up buying two flannels and luckily I did since the casinos had the A/C on high!
3	The prices were very affordable here but the size of the store is smaller than the Fashion Valley, San Diego, California store.  I got a pair of black boots for $60 that would have been $100 at any other store.  Lacking in the clothing selection for men.
4	AHHH! leave a girl in a clothing store by herself and she'll go nuts! especially a place that has 3 floors of clothes. now that is banana's. expect this place to be busy. it has a good big selection of clothes and shoes. ITS cheap TOOO! cant beat that.  everything is very affordable.  they also have kids clothes and men clothes, but not that big of a selection. I ended up buying long sleeve shirts and cardigans. OH MUST I ADD, they had buy 1 get 1 free cardigans/sweaters! good deals!
5	Best H & M I have ever shopped at. The one at home in Seattle is tiny to me, and this one had three levels, with a bathroom on the third floor (because you're a tourist and you are drunk shopping, naturally). Great selection of clothing and tons of accessories. I feel like my experience with H & M is that most sizes are gone and things are picked through. Not the case here. There were many sizes and varieties of things in all sorts of colors. I was fortunate enough to go in the fall and living in Seattle I got to pick up a lot of warm weather accessories that I am not sure many of the Vegas locals were quite ready to buy yet. I  got a huge bag for $100. Only annoyance here was that the music is way too loud and it stresses me out, but I was so consumed with finding cute clothes that I ignored it for the most part.
1	I come to Vegas fairly often and I have shopped at many H&M stores, including this one. Today I asked the curly-haired black lady by the register for a plastic bag for my coat because it was cold outside and warm in the casino and I didn't feel like holding it. She curtly told me more than once that she would not give me a plastic bag unless I bought something. A plastic bag. Terrible customer service!!!
5	I usually don't write reviews for stores but this H&M was so mindblowingly spectacular that I HAD TO. This is the biggest H&M I have been to on the West Coast. Reasons to come here: - Complete, comprehensive clothing, shoes, and accessory section for men. Thats right girls, your BF can do his own shopping instead of you dragging him around- Complete, fully stocked lingerie section in ALL sizes. Other H&M stores do not even carry lingerie. -  Shoe selection is fully stocked for both sexes. Again, very rare for other H&M stores. There's even a nice place to try on your shoes. - Fully stocked Divided basics in nice colors.- A clean, organized jewelry section. Cons: - You will NEVER leave, EVER. I am not joking at all. I spent 3 hours in here or so just looking at items and still didn't want to leave. 5 items later I came out a happy camper but wanting more.
3	Biggest H&M I ever went to! There are three levels in this place and they have womens, mens, and childrens clothes here. I think this place is nicely decorated and it seems pretty outgoing with disco balls on top. I bought a cardigan when I went here, and the clothes here are pretty cheap. They have fifteen dollar racks, 10 dollar racks, and some higher priced clothes. Most of the stuff in there, weren't my taste, and I couldn't really find anything I really liked in there. If you happen to get tired of walking, you can go on the 3rd floor where they have seats, which might be full at times.
5	I had always assumed that the H&M on Chicago's magnificent mile was the best one of all time.... Until I went to the shop at the Caesar's Palace Forum Shops. You approach the store and audibly gasp at the size. Or maybe that was just me. You could have conceivably spent several hours in this store, that's how big it was. I have to say... I loved the dressing rooms! Nice big velvet pink curtains that don't gap at the edges, lots of hooks, big mirrors and a stool to sit on. Big props for dressing rooms that don't suck. Size 8's seemed to be a bit scarce here, as were a large selection of wooly tights. A salesperson told me that the latter were flying off the shelves because of the cold weather in Vegas. The cashier was also very sweet and cheerful. The biggest compliment I can give to this H&M is I'm glad I don't live near it, because otherwise I'd spend way too much money there!
5	I'm a huge H & M fan in general, but recently I needed to buy 2 dresses for a couple events, and it just so happened that I was sooo SICK.  I had been putting off the shopping trip as long as I possibly could, when I dragged my sickly self out to H and M  in the forum shoppes.  I found six dresses pretty quickly and started trying on.  The first one was perfect.  The third one was perfect.  I was done in about 15 minutes.  In any other store it probably would have taken me over an hour.  Plus, when I got to the register the guy told me that the dresses were actually 50 percent off, they just hadn't had time to get the sale stickers on them yet.  It can't get any better than that!!
4	Holy insanity!We like shopping here for my little nuggets clothes! The prices are super affordable and the quality is very good! Ive came here quite a few times for him and have always found something nice.This time we came 2wice in a 2 days bc the pant size was SUPER OFF! It says 6-7yr olds but my son was literally swimming in them! I ahd to take them back plus a shirt whose sleeves were too long. I ended up having to get him 5-6 yr. Now my son just turned 6 so I didnt wanna get him some that were gonna be too small in a few weeks but these were also a little big. I was def not about to get 4-5. I also found some nice 9.95$ jeans for him but those I bought in 6-7. The &bragg ones were 19.95$ I also found some REALLY cute shoes with elastic laces and they were also a steal at 9.95$! I got him the blue and green ones!I wish h&m would offer plus sizes bc this would be the ultimate most awesome store if they did! The quality of their clothing is pretty awesome! My son has had some other jeans from here for about 9 months and they havent faded or shrunk!I shall be a regular here since they have a great selection for little boys jeans!
4	This H&M is huge. Probably the biggest I have been in. I mean I didnt even know where to begin. They have all departmentsWomens, Juniors, Men and Jr mens and lastly children. If you want to shop H&M in Vegas head out to this location
2	This it the biggest H&M store I have ever been to, and I've been to that giant fancy location in Beverly Hills. My best friends are all Norwegian and H&M is very popular in Norway.  They tell me though that the Norwegian locations are notorious for anti-social workers and bad snotty attitudes. The Forum Shop location has that one thing in common with the Norway locations. The workers here are mostly very socially awkward and odd, especially the ones who work at the Men's department on the 2nd floor. They give you no eye contact when they talk to you and they do this weird bobblehead thing with their necks. I don't know why but their behavior just gives me the heebie-jeebies.  Last week when I was here, this spazzy worker sprinted straight at me from about 50feet away, he saw me in the distance but still collided straight with me even though he had like 10 seconds of reaction time to get out of the way. It didn't hurt at all because he only weighted about 90lbs, but it was just plain weird.I was here yesterday and I waited in line for about 2 minutes  for the cashier to come over and service me. I thought he was busy in the backroom or something, but eventually I looked over to where the jackets were and saw him in front of the mirror doing various modeling poses while trying on every single jacket they had. Strange fellow!What I do like about this place is that it is the only H&M I have been to that is almost 50% men's clothing. Most H&M stores are only like 10% men's clothing and 80% women's clothing, with another 10% dedicated to an unknown 3rd gender. This is still my favorite H&M location in Las Vegas. The one at the Planet Hollywood mall is practically a Salvation Army store.
5	Found perfect skinny black pants with gold hardware...love!!
2	I visited this location before Utah announced that they were building one, so I thought that this was my once in a lifetime chance to wear something from H&M. I walked in and started looking through the racks upon racks of women's clothing. I wasn't wowed by anything, but I was determined to not walk out of there empty handed. Everything seemed like it wouldn't fit me, but I kept on looking. My search finally came to an end when Justin Beiber's "Baby" came blaring over the sound system. I immediately bailed, and swore I wouldn't support a store who played such awful music. Utah's H&M is now up and running, and I hate it just as much as the Vegas location.
4	Probably the biggest H&M I've seen so far.
4	We finally got and H&M in Denver and it took me going to Vegas for me to actually go into one!  As it has been said, this one in the forum shops is a biggie.  It is an incredibly bright and vibrant store.  It kind of sucks you in.  My biggest complaint was that while the prices are fantastic, I am not sure it is exactly my style totally (which is more about me and not about H&M) and if you are a more plus size person you might have issues with the sizes available.  I kind of ride the line on that, so I am not sure all the cutesy trendy stuff would actually work on me. However, the accessories and other items are at such great prices they are a great deal for all!
3	This place was absolutely huge and packed to the gills with people. I followed the wife around the shop while we looked around at stuff. I'm not sure there's anything in here I would ever buy for myself, but I could definitely see doing some gift shopping here!
1	Went to the h&m at ceasar's palace. Staff and security was rude and snobbish, even towards kids in the kid section! Why do you need security at h&m anyways??
4	wow! 3 floors and 60,000 sqft of clothing, but for some reason i couldnt find anything i liked today. saddness.
2	I'm not a huge fan of H&M to begin with.  I am also not a fan of THIS particular H&M.For some reason, I decided to walk around the Strip like a tourist the other day when I came across this place.  I really don't remember it being there the last time I walked around... maybe it wasn't.  It's not like I visit the Strip often.Anyway, I was not that impressed.  When I visited, there were clothes all over the floor.  For the sheer size of this monster, I had trouble finding someone to help me when I had a question... and then when I did find someone, she acted completely inconvenienced when I asked for help.  I was also saddened to find that each level of the store had many of the same things.  I found one particular dress on each and every level, and more than one time at that.  Some of the prices are a little silly too.  I know the premise of this store is to provide a way for people to afford things that are on trend.  The prices aren't expensive per se, but when I look through the racks and things already have holes in them already, I can't imagine shelling out my hard-earned cash.  I don't really dig disposable clothing.  A lot of the jewelry was already missing rhinestones or the clasps were broken.  Really?The two stars are for sheer size.  Nothing more.
5	OMG! This H&M i amazing!They honestly have really good stuff. If you didn't notice, most H&M's carry the same product but depending on the size they will add more fashion items. The smaller H&M's carry more basics and less fashion items. I always find good stuff here! The atmosphere is great because they're always playing great music. Music is better than at the clubs. :P If you go to the dressing rooms on the second floor, you normally don't have to wait for one to open. As far as customer service goes, it is whatever. I normally don't need any help here for I like to shop by myself. But when I need help, no one hesitates to help me. When I was checking out the last time, the cashier noticed the necklace I grabbed was broken and offered to get me another one! I appreciate his observation and honesty. :)
5	If you really knew me, there are only two places I prefer to shop at:  Zappos.com as I work there and have an extremely generous discount and H&M because of the affordable prices, with their European styled clothing for a more tailored look and fit.  Whenever I'm in the mood to drive to the strip, I LOVE COMING TO THIS LOCATION!I was fortunate enough to visit this place on its grand opening.  The three story shop is the largest location in the world.  That's awesome to hear as I love their clothes!  The dramatic opening welcomes you to a place of many options with color and style.  HUGE FAN!  I LOVE how they stay open until 11pm on a weeknight!  This place is awesome and my closet can attest to that!If you love the clothing from H&M, you will love this place!  The fit makes a slightly chunky person feel a little skinnier and I can ALWAYS appreciate that! LOL
4	Huge! I was so overwhelmed that I didn't buy anything. But that's how I am. What I really love is the face that it was clean! To have a huge store and yet be tiddy.. Props! Also I love the visual merchandising, flying mannequins. Score!
5	LOVE! So far, still the best H&M I've ever been in US.  Always have to come here when I am in Las Vegas.The one in Shanghai, China was just as great.. =)
5	I'm not a fan of going to the strip very often since I've moved here. Going through the busy traffic of cars and people is just not something I look forward to. Also the fact that when I am on the strip, I hate the feeling of being on vacation when in reality, I know I'm not D': BUT there is one thing worth making a trip to the strip every so often, a 3-story H&M store. First floor is made with the "season's looks". Outfits you see in their window display will most likely be found on this floor, with women's to the left and men's to the right. As you go further in, you can find their 'basics'. Second floor is actually the main reason why I make these personal trips. The floor space is broken down into multiple sections. For the women, they have their high-end collection here where I can't find at any other H&M location in Vegas. And when I say high-end, its pretty much priced at $40-$80 range, which honestly isn't so bad because the clothes are well tailored with good quality fabrics, and fashionable! You can also find a small section for lingerie near the dressing rooms. As you walk towards the escalators leading to the 3rd floor, you'll find their accessory wall and 'Divided' line, which is their current-fashion-trends-line at an affordable price. I haven't walked through the men's section recently, but I believe you can find their denim and more business-like shirts on this floor. The third floor is pretty much dedicated to the younger age group. Women can also find an extension of the Divided line here, denim, and a small section for fitness wear. Although it's a big store, I have to applaude them on the neatness and organization this store is kept at. Bravo hard H&M workers!
4	The loud, wild, in ur face music can get me after a while depending on the time of the day, if I'm full of caffeine, I dig the ambiance.  On this trip, I found a pair of cutiest platform strappy sandle under 30 bucks, how cool is that?  Now try to find that anywhere else in the forum shop.  Very helpful enthusiastic Asian American young men, I dig them too!  Please promote them to be the managers is what I'll say, because they are so patient and delightful with customers.  I was told by the security guy no picture was allowed, but I sneaked some anyway upstairs.  So far I like this location the best.
5	What can I say about this H&M? I can safely say that It's the best H&M these eyes have ever seen. Three floors of wonder and a DJ that magically sits atop a platform 50 feet in the air.When I get suits, I go to H&M. When I get tanks, tees, button-downs, and slacks... I got to H&M. It may be safe to say that this is my favorite store in Las Vegas. 'Infamous' One-sentence Review of H&M Las Vegas."If I were a multi- millionaire, I would still buy my steeze from H&M"
4	This H&M and huuuuuuuuuge!  I remember when this was a toy store.  My review is really only three stars because I only bought some earrings.  The extra star is for all the possibility of things you can buy because of how huge it is.My earrings were $7.95 but were really cute so it's all good.
5	WOW! This H&M is absolutely ridiculous... I didn't buy anything this time, but I will give it 5 stars because of how amazingly large this H&M is. It's basically a 3 story dance club where you can buy clothes... amazing.
5	Better H&M stores that I've been too. Way! more selections for guys.
4	3 floors of awesomeness.That's all.
4	I love that this H&M doesn't feel as crowded and condensed as the ones in NYC. The main entrance is a tall, open and inviting. It always has the best window and hanging displays. Generally upbeat fun music playing. Large and up to date selection, good sales, conveniently right off the strip and no long dressing room lines. Awesome :)
5	I love H&M anyway..but this one particular store has surpased my love for the store! It's 3 floors of clothes, accessories, and kids clothes. It took me about an hour just too browse..not even buying  anything. The prices are amazing! And I have never had a problem with quality.This one has the best kids selection ever! I got lost in a sea of hello kitty pants, jackets and shirts..I loved it! I can't wait too come back and actually buy bags and bags of stuff!
4	I could stay at this H&M for hours and spend lots of money...oh wait, I did. At first glance, I didn't see much from the first floor. But then the second floor sucked me in, and the awesome DJ kept me shopping and dancing in the dressing room. I could hear other customers comment on how awesome the DJ was (rock on!) After walking around the second floor a few times, I thought I was done, and checked out....but then as I was leaving, I found something else on the first floor...and had to pick up a matching accessory from the second floor...and then did a Vegas first...(purchased the outfit and immediately changed in their dressing room)...leaving a store in a new outfit!
2	The largest size that they have on most clothes for men is Large. Apparently, they don't think that big guys can be sexy. I was sad by this, since I do like their clothes. It's not easy being a Big Sexy Filipino.
5	This is by far the BIGGEST H&M store I have ever been to because it has three spacious floors full of clothes and accessories. (The third floor mainly consists of children's clothing.)By the way, THEY HAD AN AMAZING DJ!!! The customers and employees were all having a good time dancing to the music. I didn't want to leave since I was having such a good time. I think I stayed there for over 3 hours. :XCLEANLINESS:The store was very clean and organized despite all the sales they had going on.SERVICE:The staff were all extremely nice. I got into the fitting room and paid for my clothing with no hassle. There was a long line, but it moved quickly because of the awesome employees.CLOTHING:The clothing were very well organized and easy to see. This made my shopping experience so much easier and better. All of their clothing were neatly folded/hung and fully stocked. Some clothing were on the pricier side but some were a definitely a steal!The wide selection of clothing, great customer service, and the awesome DJ won me over. Good job H&M!
2	I usually love shopping at H&M, but when I came on a Tuesday night, I was just disgusted at the service!My man needed to try on this button up shirt, a red, checkered one in XL. It took us forever to find one and when we did, we went to the fitting room. The fitting room attendant said it was "pinned", so that he should try on a white one in the same size that was already unpinned (BTW, this white one she brought out was wrinkled, off-white, and looked gross). Was she too lazy to unpin it? I guess.He said no and explained to her that that was the style and pattern he wanted to try on. She then decided to unpin and we got our way, but I am disgusted at the laziness and unprofessional service I received at this store. I have never received bad service at H&M, especially at the Town Square store. I'm not going back here unless the Town Square store is sold out. Ugh!
5	3 levels of H&M? Sure why the heck not Vegas!!!!Store is located at Caesars Palace, and the decor from one look is amazing. The store is clean and organized and they have a lot of items in stock. They had everything in my size which is very rare at an H&M usually smaller sizer disappear fast. They had more items then the regular H&M's I go to. The employees were nice and helpful and everyone seemed to be cleaning a part of the store and organizing. Prices are reasonable and they have a great selction, and it helped that the place was not a mad house!
5	HOLY HELL. Why in the universe is this place so big?!?!?Great fixtures. Visual displays are perfect. Mannequins are dressed to impress. Organized and clean. Staff is trendy and fashion forward. Well lit. damn, I can go on and on about H&M's 3 floors of  visual merchandizing perfection.
4	Omigod this H&M is HUGE! Literally, my jaw actually dropped when I saw the store front. It's 3 stories inside, with an ENORMOUS 2-story ceiling, decked out with fashionable mannequins, swirling lights, and an altogether air of that elite club you wish you could be in.Step inside and the sophistication continues. Mannequins soar above you, showing off flowing dresses and skirts, or edgy black-and-white ensembles. Men in crisp, pressed suits and earpieces welcome you to the store, and you browse through the clothes in the first floor, blown away by the amazing atmosphere. When you're tired, you can head up to the 2nd or 3rd floors, all of which are reminiscent of classy, private boutiques.The only downside to an H&M store this large is the F21-syndrome. In other words, the store is so freaking large that you honestly don't know where to start. It's easy to get overwhelmed here, but if you're patient, you might be able to spend an entire day in this gorgeous paradise.
4	This is one of the best H&M stores around. I've been in here twice, when I was traveling on business and staying at Caesars Palace.I really like the size and layout of this store, and while I don't even really patron H&M that often, I feel like this particular location has product and merchandise that isn't easily found in our stores here in Orlando. Perhaps that's just my perception.Both times I've been into this store I've made a purchase, and the employees are always nice and friendly.
4	I'm a huge H&M fan. This place has 3 floors of retail wonder! I feel like a little kid at a candy store. I don't have anything else to say except the fact that I'm a happy customer! -smiles-
4	One of the best H&M stores around, 3 huge floors of clothes for women and men alike, the layout is fantastic and makes it easy to find exactly what you need.
5	This store is seriously intriguing. All the flashy decorations have me mesmerized every time I'm in the area.  I love glitter and disco balls and such. Basically, they had me at Hello. I like this store. Your basic h&m times 100!They have 3 stories.  And it's a fun experience just being inside.
1	Rude employees. Had to leave my bag full of clothes because a very unprofessional employee Marisa.... Manager didn't say anything but "ill talk to her" so I called their corporate office.... I have never been treated without such disrespect! So I  Went down to express to spend my money where they actually appreciated me. Never coming back again!
5	One of the biggest and most affordable stores in the Forum Shops. I really appreciated the checkout locations being on two floors, I didn't wait in line at all and the store was packed to the gills. The shoes, lingerie and fitting rooms are all separated from everything else which made trying on shoes a lot more pleasant than it otherwise would have been. Overall great experience, coming from a person who dislikes clothes shopping.
5	Heaven! Amazing selection, optimally organized and reasonably priced. Great bathing suits, work outfits and party gear all in one place!
5	This store is HUGE. Like a 3 story nightclub and they have music bumping throughout the place! To get to the point, this is the absolute BEST place IMO to shop for clothes, BANG FOR YOUR BUCK. They have high quality v neck shirts for 6$ a pop for for 30$ I have a whole weeks worth of brand new shirts. Everything here is extremely affordable. I purchased a 90$ suit set pants and blazer and couldn't be happier! The best and no one has H and M beat in my eyes.
2	I'm from Wisconsin. I'm not a size 0 vegas girl. However. We have H&M's at my mall there and they typically carry my size (medium/6). Not the case at this H&M. What the hell, H&M? Come on, this location is at a tourist attraction. How did practically nothing in your store fit me/come in my size? When I asked your staff for help, it was like a had a 3rd eye or was speaking a foreign language. I'm a friendly approachable person who uses manners like, "Excuse me miss" or "Thank you". Im not used to people telling me, "Oh, I dont know, look over there" or "Yea, we don't carry it in that size. Oh well"Rude. Why not 1 star? The accessory variety was pretty solid. It was a pretty neatly designed store as well. Hire better staff.
4	OMG this place is HUGE!  I was in Vegas for training at the Caesars Palace and we figured lets walk around.  We ran into the biggest H&M ever and they had things I haven't seen at our local H&M store in San Jose/Santa Clara area.  If your in Vegas you gotta check this store out!  BTW their nail polish is pretty good!
2	Typical h&m store. GREAT brand, but hires incompetent teenagers who are slow in the brain. Asked what I could use this coupon I had on and this is the answer I got: "um...I think it's on anything. Uh...eeyeah...I think so."Was told I could use a coupon for any item, so I spent 30 mins looking for something only to be told I can't use it on what I wanted. Flipping waste of my time!Hire better people!!
4	Wow this place is huge!  I always get so lost in stores that are 2 stories or more.  This one is 3 stories.Love H&M because they got hip, stylish clothes all for an affordable price.  I have not once went into H&M and left empty handed.   I'm pretty sure I've been here for over an hour now.  I'm sitting and relaxing on the chairs by the pool table while Jesse N tries on a suit.  I actually finished shopping before him.  And here we walked in Christmas shopping for others. Lol.Bonus, I even found a NAS shirt here.  Great deals, great finds, it's a must to stop by!
5	This is the place to get a small and cute crossbody bag to avoid losing your personal items on the strip. Case in point, I lost my iphone on the strip because I didn't pack a crossbody bag and so to avoid losing my credit card or ID (which is worse) I bought a $10 bag here. Don't go anywhere else but here. Cheaper than Marshall's and Ross actually and you won't be followed in the store by a security guard like other places.
2	I'm from a different state and we don't have H&M. This was my first time shopping here on January 9, 2014.The clothing wear was good and 3 floors was nice.When I went to try on clothing, I was very uncomfortable that a man was in the fitting room department near the womens garments helping me... I'm not homophobic or anything. I support lgbt myself. I always had women in the women fitting department!Anyways, I picked up a x-small sweater and went to the cashier. I asked the man if there was a small or medium because the sweater was missed placed in a rack.He was very rude to me. He didn't even bother to actually help me or have another employee to help me. He just told me they don't have any. He didn't even bother to check and look it up to see if there store location had the size or check if another location had it available. I tired calling the store a few times already and yes, no one even bother to pick up.Hands down, this was the worst H&M service I had. The H&M downtown was better. Employees are nicer and super quick when I went to return a item.
4	This H&M replaced las vegas beloved Fao Schwartz store. massive toy store turned into a huge clothing store. They have nice clothes in reasonable prices. It's not my style but I picked up a few clothes here. It's a nice store and all but u sure do miss that giant fao horse and toys!
3	The massive H&M storefront in The Forum Shops of Caesar's Palace lures you in with their intricate and stylish window displays! Gorgeous trendy and dramatic decor throughout the entire store.It's also a plus that they stay open late until 11pm on weekdays (and that they are the largest in the World!) I also loved that they were 3 stories, but unfortunately, the woman's selection was disorganized and kind of chaotic. I was having the most difficult time looking for certain items of clothing such as dressy evening wear to wear out to a night club or to a lounge. I ran into a section of beach wear and coverups, workout clothing, accessories, and a huge section dedicated to business casual and work wear. It turns out they really don't carry a huge selection of dressy nightlife style clothing. I scoured the entire store and checked every floor with only luck finding a tiny corner in the back of the second floor with a minimal selection of skin tight and simple body hugging club wear. Not really what I was looking for. The entire third floor is kid's clothing and not many people are up there. I suppose that's why there is no A.C. turned on up there either, it was super muggy and warm.
5	This H-n-M is awesome! 3 stories high full of fantastic style! I bought a lace shirt and some super cute teal shorts with silver rhinestones! Super nice store!
5	Very nice H&M has alot of the special items here...wish i lived closer.
4	One of the leading place for women folk ---special.Pretty good place.... Don't think as pricy.Holiday not the good day for choosing this place for getting something as it becomes busy on that day.
5	Largest and most nicest looking H&M I have ever seen. It's filled with so many nice styles clothing for both girls and guys. Prices aren't bad at all.
4	Loved the 3 floors which all contained merchandise for women AND the 3rd had maternity clothing. JACKPOT, as I didn't even think to check H & for it. I also bought my child some of the cutest shoes I've seen and it was my 1st baby purchase so this was a special H&M trip for me
4	This is a great place to shop for descent price clothing, if you happen to catch a sale indulge deals you can't beat for clothing that fits well.
5	Absolutely love this H&M! It is my favorite!!3 stories of absolute wonderfulness and great music to listen to while you shop. I seriously felt like I was in a Vegas nightclub.What more can anyone ask for?
5	I love this store. It's sooooo freakin big. This heaven for women lol They do had a great section for men & kids. The great thing is, the sales prices are amazing :)
4	I love the H&M above all others. 1) It is super big. 2) It has an elevator. 3) It has a really cool place for guys to chill with a pool table and lounge chairs. 4) Monty the Mustang is waiting to be dressed. I always find a plethora of clothing that I want to have but know that one or two items will do. Really great store!!!
3	Located in the Forum Shops at the Caesar's Palace complex, this is easily one of the largest H&M  stores I've been to. Coming here with two daughters is quite the exercise in patience. They could've stayed here for HOURS! There is a ton of stuff to see, and the prices are super low (some of the quality of clothing is questionable, but you can't really complain for the price of the merchandise). There's a great clearance area (I forget if it's on the 2nd or 3rd floor) where you can get items for a steal.Unfortunately, there's not much seating area for those of us waiting for our kids; there are a few stuffed ottoman-like seats on the first floor by the cashiers but they were in use by other teens, texting. Also, my younger kid lost track of time and didn't meet us at the scheduled time. As the minutes ticked away and when she was still not seen 20 minutes or so later, hubby and my other daughter and I went searching for her in this store. I went into the dressing room twice, telling the gal there that I was looking for my daughter, and I was calling her name. I did likewise in the store, calling her name. None of the employees I saw offered to help, even when I said we were missing my kid. And we tried texting her repeatedly but there was no Wi-Fi service in the store. If my kid hadn't shown up a 5 minutes later, we were going to ask the staff to page her or get security, but luckily, my kid re-appeared. I was not impressed that none of the staff here, upon hearing that I was looking for my kid, offered any assistance in any way, shape or form. I'm rating the store 3 stars primarily because of this incident.
