5	Totally awesome!! It takes 30 minutes for one ride and fits a good amount of people. Any spot in the pod is a good view but I prefer the strip view! I recommend going at night when the strip is lite up and the lights on the wheel are flashing!
5	Great time here! Wonderful during sunset time because you get to see when the Vegas lights are off and on. Fits 40 people and takes 30 minutes to go around. Very structurally safe. I'm not nervous for heights or anything but I did feel light headed up there. Worth going on. $24.99 during the day and $34.99 during the evening.
5	So COOL!!! Glad we came down to check this out! Been watching them build it and now I get to ride it. The line is indoors with a couple different staging areas. There's even a bar half way up. Pay attention when you are boarding. When I road it did NOT stop. But hey there's a safety net underneath, just incase lol.There's enough time once you get on if you change your mind and want to get off. There's plenty of room to walk around and a couple of benches to sit. The whole rotation takes about 30 minutes. I have to ride it again at night. I'll bet the view is amazing!Be sure to view your photo on your way out. They do green screen souvenir photo on the way up.
3	One of the lucky ones! I happened to be strolling through the recently opened Linq and discovered that the view High Roller was about to open for business, so they were giving free preview rides.  I was also lucky to happen by about 15 after they started giving away rides so I only had to wait 30 min to get on. Over all, it's a fantastic view, especially at night and if you've not been to Vegas much you get to see a lot. However, about 1/2 of the view is obstructed by the hotels closest to the ride. The other 1/2 is rather nice, but you can really only see the parts of the strip where there are low rise buildings. (I actually had a better view of the strip as I landed on my airplane) It is a fantastic opportunity and pretty cool to be that high up.  It's a pleasant 30 min ride with plenty of room to move about the cabin despite 35 people inside. I was waiting to see what pricing they put on it before I made a final conclusion. $25 before 6pm, $35 after 6pm (both with advance ticket purchase) and $60 to buy and ride immediately. Unfortunately, I don't think it's anywhere near worth that price. Especially when you start multiplying it by multiple family members.  Will be interested to see how busy it is on a summer day...likely lots of people willing to pay that. 5 stars for it being the highest in the world 4 stars for the view 3 stars for the experience (got bored about 20 min in)2 stars for the price3 stars overall
1	Vegas local ... Waited months for this to open Very boring not worth 40$ go to the stratosphere instead  ... My tvs didn't work windows were dirty .... Then was told "we don't give refunds"  ... F the highrollerAnd noooooo discount for locals ... Least we know what caesars thinks of it's neighbors
5	Oh my, the view!! This wheel, the world's tallest, is a marvel of engineering- especially at night. If you know how to work around it, the line really isn't too bad and once you're up there, it's totally worth it! I would definitely recommend going at night and paying the extra money. The sparkling lights are amazing! (And this is from a Las Vegas native)
1	Horrible family memory won't be forgotten soon enough!!We went on ride with our 5 year old and his best friend's family.Unfortunately we shared the ride with older couple and their middle aged son.Brief acknowledgment from the older couple that our two 5 year olds were normal rambunctious excitement would be welcomed. However their middle aged son decided to have an episode halfway through the ride and literally yell at our 5 year old son to calm down. As any father would I got between him and my son and he did not calm down and continued profanities. I went on defense mode protecting my family from this clearly unstable individual who happened to be carrying a knife visible on his belt. I pleaded with his elder parents to intervene and reason with their son as clearly this would escalate into a physical altercation. At that point they managed to bring him down but both my son and his best friend both in the clutches of their distraught mothers were clearly beyond having any experience other than us calming them and hoping that they will be ok. They were not ok. The ride ended and upon departure the elder couple and their Middle aged son bee lined for the exit. I got together with the other disturbed father and we went to get security to stop this maniac and get him to apologize. NO SECURITY IN SITE!!! I stopped the maniac and yelled for security to help with the situation. NO SECURITY IN SITE!!! These people walked out the door and I continued to yell for help. NO SECURITY IN SITE!!! Finally a Manager came out and wanted me to calm down "not to interfere with anyone's positive experience". So I managed to calm down and after clearly explaining our horrible experience he offered nothing but a simple sorry. That is the best way to describe their security and customer care....SORRY.Funny thing is there is a sign on their front door with a picture of a gun with a line through it...what about a maniac and a knife Proceed with caution
1	WARNING!!!!!  They need to do a background check and walk you through a metal detector before you EVER set foot on that Ferris wheel. We we're 2 married couples with our 2 five year olds having a beautiful night. Decided it would be fun to ride this new Ferris wheel.  We ended up stuck for a half hour(which felt like an eternity) with a physco path 40 something man, armed with a knife, yelling obscenities at us saying our children were to loud. He obliviously had serious psychological problems so we held our kids close for the remainder of the ride hoping he wouldn't do anything to harm us. When we got off the ride the man tried to bolt! My husband yelled "HELP!!!!  STOP THAT MAN WE NEED SECURITY!!!" NO ONE came to help or tried to stop this mental person. My husband stood in front  of the exit trying to detain him but the man pushed past my husband  & ran out. The manager finally appeared & was of NO help as well. He asked my husband to calm down so he "wouldn't interrupt anyone's else's experience." The manager was unfazed by what we had gone through & didn't even offer to refund our money. He only apologized & said "we could go on the ride again for free." NO THANK YOU. NEVER AGAIN. It was a horrible experience we will NEVER forget & the worst part is it all took place in front of our 5 year old son & his 5 year old girl friend. A HORRIBLE  & VERY SCARY family experience for all of us that we will NEVER forget.
5	The view is absolutely amazing, as is the staff! We went to see the High Roller about a week ago and we were not disappointed! Go at night. It's worth the extra money and the lights are spectacular.
4	Two adults and two young children = $108 to ride The High Roller.25 to 40 people can fit in each cube, so expect to ride High Roller with people you do not know.  Some people that got in the cube before us appeared drunk and wild...glad we were not stuck with them in our cube for 30 mins.Great views, kids loved it.  Probably would be even better at night with all the lights on.  Had to wait about 15 - 20 mins just to board the ride.If you are in Vegas and have a few bucks extra to drop.... check this out.  The view is awesome, and the staff operating The High Roller were very, very nice. The Linq is now open and it's a neat little alley that connects the strip to the High Roller.
4	Here's a Crystal Clear HD video of the High Roller at Night that I recorded. In the video, you will see how the boarding process works, what it looks like from inside, and of course the beautiful Vegas Strip at Night in glorious HDhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GPQEoGLCun8I rode it at night and it costs me $35 bucks with $2 service fee. So I ended paying $37. I don't understand why they tack on the service fee. Why not, just make it $37. You are paying $37 for just one rotation. The ride duration lasted 30 minutes. I heard that the pod can hold up to 40 passangers, but in reality, they wouldn't want to put more than 20 guests in one pod or else people wouldn't have enough space to look out the windows.The view of the Vegas strip was spectacular since it's in the dead center of the Vegas Strip. There's even a 5 seconds countdown to the highest point on the wheel. You can see the countdown at the 6 min 30 seconds mark in the video.It's best to go on it at night instead of during the day. That's why it costs so much. At night, it's spectacular. Will I do it again? Yes. Only if they reduce there price down to Stratosphere tower admission price of $18. It's a little pricey for just one rotation. I do believe that they will offer discount in the near future probably by end of summer.So, here's crystal cleared HD video of the HIgh Roller from my YouTube channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GPQEoGLCun8SoCal Attractions 360
4	We came here on a Tuesday, a bit before 6pm - $24.95 before 6pm - $4 other fees (I don't know exactly what the other fees are but it seems like $2/person)$53.90- We parked in the Flamingo parking structure. - We got a tickets real fast. If you use a credit card, you can get it off from the salesman that uses the iPhone. Ticket is printed off the phone too. - Max pod can hold up to 40, but when we went there were only about 10 people in it. - Constantly moving. You got to hop your way in and out. Good thing they have a net beneath so the slow pokes. haha. The entrance and exit is curved, so no jumping necessary.  - 30 min ride.- Tried to do a panoramic pic but is hard bc people get in the way. fail. - Highest point is 550 ft. There's an exciting countdown.- Pods remind me of DBZ capsule corp. haha - This is the world's tallest observation wheel. 2nd is the Singapore flyer at 541 ft. - Great view of the Vegas sunset.- Great addition to the Vegas strip! Definite must ride even for locals. Good way to re-appreciate the city again.
2	**Talk about uneventful, anti-climactic, overpriced, and overall boring**PROTIP: Go at night when you can see lights. It's very boring during the day.Thank god this was free for me; otherwise, I would've given it a lower rating.Lets begin with a few things wrong with this attraction:1. The High Roller is so awkwardly placed behind the strip so you don't actually get to see anything on the strip; you see the high buildings and hotels and that's about it.2. The place to buy tickets is actually not in the lobby with the prices of the ride (where it would logically be); instead you get tickets on the side of the building with NO SIGNS.3. There are more employees working at the High Roller than there are guests (who thought this would make money?).4. When you're inside the sphere that goes around, the music is so ridiculously loud that you NEED to be drunk to enjoy it. There are monitors that line the top that tell you how high you've gotten, 100ft... 200ft...300ft... etc; however, if the sphere ever stops for maintenance reasons, the count is totally off. We were at the apex when the monitor told us we were 3/4 of the way through with our ride. FAIL.Pros: Cool if it's freeCons: Expensive if it's not:
5	You no longer have to be a high roller to get the best view in town. The High Roller Ferris Wheel will take you on a 30-minute orbit, offering sweeping views of The Strip, for less money then you'll lose in 5 minutes at a blackjack table. Located at the end of The LINQ, a trendy new shopping promenade, this new attraction reaches record heights at 550 feet, outdoing even the London Eye by over 100 feet. Having been on the London Eye, I found the High Roller to be a comparably breathtaking experience, minus paying twice as much and travelling half way around the world. Like the London Eye, passengers are loaded into enclosed pods, which should help the slightly acrophobic individuals like myself feel safer.A daytime ride (before 6pm) is about $25, while a nighttime ride (after 6pm) is more expensive at around $35, but worth the price hike to see Sin City lit up like a Lite-Brite toy. With shopping, shows, and sinful delights, I like to think of Vegas as a collection of spectacular experiences for people of all backgrounds and pocketbook sizes, and being at the top of this wheel is an affordable high that you may be a bit reluctant to come down from.
2	Not the hype that was advertised, the view was okay but just another Vegas attraction to suck money. would be cool for a romantic setting if offered a dining experience or something similar.
4	Great attraction to visit and get the best view of the strip. I was a little nervous before riding because of my slight fear of heights, but it really wasn't bad at all! It was also moving more quicker than I thought. Outside of the ride it looks like it isn't even moving but once you're actually riding it, it's at a perfect speed to overlook the Vegas strip :)
3	Its a cool experience but its a 1 time thing. It gets boring pretty quick, and its overpriced!!! i don't think its worth the money $37per person. its a 30 min roundtrip, you share the globe container what ever you want to call it) with other people. i will not be riding this again unless its free.
4	Great experience, I suggest going both in the day time and night time and planning it around the Bellagio water fountain schedule. At the top of the high roller, you can see it perfect. I enjoyed this with my husband and I will bring my 9 month old next time to ride it with us. I was reading the negative reviews below and I don't think it is entirely the high rollers fault... Yes they should have more security, but it is meant to be shared with other guests. They cannot reserve the space just for you and your kids. Having a child of my own though I can understand your trauma and I am so sorry! That guy needed to be detained and not be allowed back on the ride. What we did was just wait until there wasn't a line and we got our own pod by ourselves. Maybe you should try it to, because you will actually love the ride.
4	This was a fun new way to see all of the Vegas lights! We came in at night around 8pm. The ticket line was long so I suggest getting tickets on-line or elsewhere. If going during the day the cost is 25.00 and at night 35.00 plus tax. You'll be directed up some stairs and there is a photo option and a bar as you are making your way to the wheel (we brought our own cocktails). Once in line for the roller it moved quickly.  Each cabin will hold about 40 ppl. It moved quickly when getting in the wheel doesn't stop to let you in or out so you'd better get in where you can fit in! Once the doors close there are tv screens with a narrator giving you information on the elevation and keep the ride entertaining. The high point is about 550 ft. and views are amazing!! The ride takes about 30 minutes and once off you are directed down where you can view the photo taken at the beginning/ buy them and  a walk through the souvenir shop. Overall this was a great experience! Check off the Vegas bucket list!
3	I'm in a giant pod in the sky! I actually had a dream I was riding this one night before it opened... We got to ride before they officially opened! Hunnie Bunnie was thrilled she got to finally ride it AND ride it before her cousin! DEFINITELY wait to go at night time so you can see all of the pretty lights over the Valley! Not even worth it during the day.Before you get on they take your photo which has different backgrounds for you to choose from after your ride. In the waiting area you can purchase cocktails. There are benches inside the pod, but otherwise there is plenty of standing room and room to walk around.There is music and there are TV monitors but nothing was playing when we were riding. I think my one ride will be enough for my life.
4	I personally loved it & had an amazing time. Line to purchase tickets moved fast & All employees were very helpful. I love how you just hop on it and hop right off it. It was a really nice experience. A little bit pricy YES. Is it something I would do twice NO it's a one time thing. Tip: do it at night!! ( I don't know why anyone will go during the day)
5	This is pretty awesome!  You definitely want to go at night....the view is beautiful!  You can hardly feel it moving.  I stood right up next to the glass and felt safe!  Very romantic!  Better than blowing your money on the slots!
5	A little pricy (about $70 for two after 6pm). Awesome view. We had no line on a Wednesday night. If you use the flash when taking a pic it will glair off the glass... Just a heads up
2	What a total rip off.  Waited on line to buy tickets that may have 60 to 35 dollars depending on the person we spoke to.  Plus an additional 2 dollar service charge per ticket.   No one knew what was going on and there was confusion among the  staff.   Do your self a favor. Save your money and go see the city from the roof of any parking garage
1	No.  Here's why:Even in the day they charge $50 for two people + $4 for the privileged of buying tickets (how corporations have conditioned us to accept this is beyond me (maybe they should start charging "wheel rotation fees" or or "safety fees.").  And what do you get for that $54?  30 minutes in a bubble with 40 other dopes getting a view you could get from tens of thousands of rooms in Vegas, not to mention just by having a drink in the Stratosphere Bar (which is 200' higher), or taking off from the airport.  And, of that 30 minutes, only a few of them are from the wheel's apex.Rooms in Vegas are so cheap that that extra $54 (they charge $74 at night) would surely upgrade you to a room with a great view for 24 hours and without 40 other people.  On top of that, there's this comedian video screen thing playing in the bubble most of the time.  Some of it's amusing, but then it gets to the not-so-subtle advertising as when he tells us about how he loves the "amazing cupcakes at the Sprinkles shop" on The Linq or when the trivia game asks about the history of the Yard House restaurant (also, you guessed it, on the Linq).  Who cares?! The Linq, by the way, is just overpriced, slickly-marketed eats, bars, etc.Then, of course, you get dropped off in the gift shop where they offer to sell you a $35 photo of yourself so you can always be haunted by the memory of what a schmuck you were.  They're trying to sell this as some great experience.  It isn't.  Not in Vegas. It may have cost them a lot to build, and the engineering is impressive, no doubt.  And if it was located in an area where there was no other way to get the view, well, maybe it would be worth it, but in Vegas it's worth maybe $10.  Really.Spend your $74 for a better hotel room or drinks at the Stratosphere  Wish I had...
4	Awesome!  You have to do this at night. The lights are spectacular and the view is amazing.  We were at the very top when the Bellagio water show started -amazing!
4	Fun and relaxing with a great view, but super pricey! (Then again what in Vegas is not pricey!) During the day the ride costs about $25 per person (don't know how much it is for a child). During the night, the ride costs about $35 per person (again I don't know how much a child costs).  It takes about 30 minutes to go around in 1 full circle and you only ride it once. The ride is very very very slow and takes you up to 550 feet up in the sky. It is very high up in the sky, but the view is gorgeous.  Take lots of photo.  When I rode it there were only 12 of us inside one of the pods but I believe it can fit up to 30 people per pod and I think there are more than a dozen pods. (Don't remember...didn't count how many pods there were.)One thing that was confusing was the lady who sold us the ticket (she was standing midway on the sidewalk of the Linq) said we could take drinks and things to eat inside. So on the way to board the ride there was a Sprinkles cupcake and ice cream store. We went in and  bought ice cream for each of us and when we tried to enter the building for the ride, a gentleman said no food allowed inside. So we had to quickly eat our ice cream to board the ride on time. Lucky us it was not busy that day and we bought tickets that gave us a 20 minute window to walk casually and buy Sprinkles ice cream (and eat it).  The only thing you can take on the ride is a drink (alcoholic/non-alcholic) that you buy from them once you pass the checkpoint and are on the second floor.
5	Watching the water show from the Bellagio from the High Roller is a great way to see the show from another angle, avoid all those crowds, and see all the glory of the Vegas nightlights. A great way to spend a fun, relaxing evening on the Strip. Be sure to leave extra time for parking.
5	Awesome!To be 550 ft over Las Vegas was great. They play some fun music and everyone was really social inside the orb. IAIt was worth the $25. Its a 30 minute ride so go to the bathroom before you get in.
4	Loved it. I am afraid of heights and survived. Very beautiful at sunset for sure but not sure it's worth almost $40. Hopefully once it's around longer the prices reduce.
5	Pretty awesome tourist attraction. Takes you way up high. Kinda romantic of you think. You can't bring your outside drinks in..... However, there is a bar near the entrance and they give you your drinks in this plastic souvenir cup that you can keep. Those drinks you can bring into the high roller. What a way to make money right? Haha The views are awesome and you don't have to worry about your pod being too crowded either. Oh ya, you have to walk on while it's still moving.... Don't worry there's a safety net. It only moves 1mph so it's really slow. I can't even tell it moving!This is definitely something to do while in Vegas!
5	went last saturday afternoon, wasn't too busy at 2pm.  the Linq was busy though!  lot of people walking around.  anyway, tickets are easy to purchase...and total time up to platform for entry is only about 5 minutes.  the pods are in constant motion, so you board while it's still moving.  but don't worry, there is a net if you fall!  ride is a total of 30 minutes, with only a few times it did stop completely during the total rotation.  ride is very smooth and effortless.  worth the $25 per person admission.  view is amazing.  our pod only had about 10 people in it, and it didn't seem crowded at all.  they are very large.  we'd be back, but at night!  everything is new and clean around the Linq.  worth a visit.
4	So as 4 of us were waiting in line to buy tickets at 9:15pm on a Sunday, a random, friendly girl gave us three tickets and in a flash she was gone.  We were in total disbelief.  I was still skeptical up to the part where they scanned the ticket.  Saved us $111!!  I owe her some Sprinkles at the very least if we ever cross paths again.  Currently the largest observatory wheel in the world (wonder how much of a pain it will be when it becomes the 2nd), there's not much to say about the ride itself.  You go around for 30 minutes, see the strip, snap pics and it's over.  The waiting area before getting to the actual wheel is very Disney Worldesque.  The "guide" is a guy on a video screen dishing out facts and bad jokes (420 ft! You're really high!!).   I wonder why they didn't have different performers from Caesars shows doing video segments instead?  Imagine what the Gazillionaire and Penny would say?!  They could do the "quiet tour" with Teller.The biggest variable with how enjoyable your ride will be are the others in your pod.  Each pod is supposed to fit 40 people.  I saw a family with 5 small and loud kids on their rollerskate sneakers in front of us and I would have done almost anything to avoid being in the same pod including lighting myself on fire.  We rode with about 20 others that were fine and excited to be on the ride.  Other things:- Try to go for the seats on the immediate right upon getting into the pod.- Nighttime has to be better than daytime.  - Please go to the restroom before getting on.
3	Fun & neat way to see a different view of the city. Way over priced especially since there is no child's price. I am still glad we did it once but if you are on a budget you may want to reconsider. The ticket purchase booth is oddly far from the entrance & confusing with the 10 minute increments. I purchased my tickets & a friend behind me could not get the same time because that time had past. We asked before he purchased & they said it was ok & we didn't have a problem. Not sure what the purpose of the times on the ticket are. We heard the fit about 40+ people in each pod but only had about 12 in ours. That was pretty much the perfect amount & hopefully they won't ever go over 20 unless specifically requested. More than about 15 would start to restrict your ability to move around freely with out bumping into others.
4	the High Roller had it's Grand Opening just days before my friends and I arrived. what luck!the Linq shopping plaza which houses the ferris wheel, was conveniently connected to the Flamingo hotel where we were staying. We weren't informed until later but if you show your hotel room key at the ticket booth, you can save $5 off the ticket price.Shortly after we paid, it was time to make our way to the loading bay. I was especially fond of the air-conditionined walk through since it reminded me of Disney attraction walk throughs complete with winding turn styles, TV screens, and futuristic background music.  The escalator took us to the Sky Bar where drinks and light snacks could be purchased and taken on the ride. We chatted with the lovely bartender, Phaedra, who made us some really good margaritas then we made our way to the platform and stepped onto a very slow moving pod to take us on our ride in the sky.  People need not fear stumbling and falling when entering the pod. Although the ferris wheel is constantly moving, it goes slow enough for people to carefully board and enjoy the views for the thirty minute ride.My friends and I were lucky enough to get our own pod but each can hold up to forty people. The surrounding windows give you a panoramic view of the strip and the TVs always give notification of how many feet you've reached...550 being the highest. Also on the TVs, was a host providing satire and comic relief every few minutes. I especially loved the on-purpose "we're so high right now!" joke he made once we reached 420 feet. Ha. 420. good one, guy. The ride is well worth it. When you look beyond the hotels and casinos, you can appreciate the beautiful mountains and desert best seen from 550 feet.
1	We wanted to start our day off right and go on the Farris wheel one of the workers told us we could go purchase alcohol so we went and purchased a small bottle and drinks we go to get on they were hassling us and all of a sudden said we couldn't get on because of our alcohol purchase then the manager Carolina was. Such a bitch excuses my language but I've never delt with such a rude closed minded woman int life we were being nice and explaining our situation and your attitude was ridicules just wasted 140 for nothing and ruined our day they need to train there employees to the correct Information before they have people waste there money before they haute people what a waste of my time deffinatily not manager quality
5	LOVE it!!! You can see everything from the atop the high roller. Well worth the price and so glad we did it. We went daytime and didn't regret it at all. I imagine at night the lights are brilliant but you wouldn't be able to see as far. Choose for yourself, but we loved it.
3	This place needs to work on their customer service. If there is no one in line, let people take a pod of their own. I realize that the kids working here are just doing their job, but the manager had totally a nonsensical rationale for their policy.  Whatever. The view was amazing and it's a fun alternative attraction in Vegas, but I hope they get their customer service up to par before the heavy tourist season.
4	Very cool 30 minute ride
5	Flying in over the Strip at night, this new structure was the first thing I saw all lit up, I knew if it was open I had to go!Located in the new shopping alley by the Linq, you can't miss this giant observation wheel at the end. There are a few automated ticket booths along the walls down the alley along with a physical building to purchase tickets. Its $24.95 each during the day and $34.95 after 6pm, along with taxes and processing fees. Kinda pricey, but I had never done anything like this before and was willing to pay.You buy tickets for specific times, but as this is a new semi-pricey attraction we bought tickets for the time it was then and got on right away. In typical Vegas style, you pass a bar going up, which I highly recommend as you can take your drinks up with you.In the line you are coerced into taking a picture in front of a green screen to be viewed after your trip around the wheel. You can tell they expect this to be a big attraction because the next room in line is a huge circular room with many twists and turns for a huge line, complete with funny informative videos.And finally you're up! there was no line still so we were immediately ushered into our pod along with the 6 other people in front of us. The wheel doesn't stop (unless you're disabled) but it goes pretty slow so it's an easy step.Inside your pod is all windows for better viewing, along with some plastic red benches off to the sides to sit and sip on your drink if you so choose. I was super excited so I stood and enjoyed the view the whole 30 minute trip. Several TVs line the top of the pod, showing you where your pod is on the wheel, how many feet up you are, and the funny info guy telling you various facts occasionally. When he's not there, some hip tunes are.As a person wary of heights, I got a tad nervous sometimes when I looked down, but overall is was a very smooth trip. You couldn't feel it moving at all! And the views are incredible! Tons of picture opportunities, mine was clicking away the whole time. You make friends with the strangers in your pod too, wanting to take pictures with your friends without your arm in it. We were lucky enough to go as the sunset around 6:30ish so we saw the daylight views and the nightlights on our round. But sadly, this pleasure trip comes to an end. Again, it does not stop but getting off is just as easy as getting on. The path leads you down into a photo booth to purchase your pictures if you so desire that they took in line, with various scenic back drops. And then you are in the gift shop! Tons of shirts, cups, keychains, shot glasses, and even High Roller chap sticks galore!This is definitely worth the money, I'd go more than once if I could!
4	The last part of my playing tourist yesterday was to ride the High Roller.  It has been great fun to watch this being built and to anticipate riding it.  I have a fear of heights and I abhor glass elevators.  This seemed to me like the making of a perfect fetal position ride.  But, I screwed up my courage, bought my ticket, and scampered into the car.  Let's back up a bit.  You can buy tickets online, at one of the many self-serve kiosks in the Linq and other places around the Quad/Linq area.  You can also buy in person.  If you do, and you have a Total Rewards card, the $2 fee you pay online is discounted.  No special price for Nevada residents.After getting your ticket and going through several theme park like queuing areas, one on the first floor and then another one on the second floor at the top of the escalators.  After walking down a ramp, you're urged to move along quickly because the wheel generally doesn't stop and you enter after the people have exited on the other side.  Once everyone is in, the car door shuts and is locked.  The ride is very smooth and it was very easy for me to do.  I was so interested in moving from side to side taking photos and enjoying the view.  It really didn't bother me.After what seemed like 10 minutes, the ride was over and it was time to exit.  I strode down the ramp with a swagger as if to say, "Yes, I did it! Yo!" Now, to go back and do the ride at night to see the lights.
5	As a long standing Las Vegas local, we have seen it all.  We went to the High Roller, excited to see the newest attraction. I have a fear of heights, but I felt I would be safe on the High Roller.The pods are in continual motion, but very slow.  You do not feel the height.  I would be more concerned with someone who doesn't like closed spaces vs heights in the pod.  The sound echos off the walls pretty easy so the person across the pod can be speaking to the person next to them and it feels they are sitting right next to you.  We went during the day and plan to go back at night, so we have both experiences.I would recommend someone contacting the Linq or other hotels to clean up their roofs as this is part of the view.  Some pretty bad looking views out there.
5	Timing is everything.  We planned our adventure on the High Roller to begin just at sun down so when we reached the top all of Vegas was lit up.  We had no waiting issues and actually were able to get one earlier than our reservation time was set up for.Bar at the top while you wait is smart and handy, although please be sure you have used the restroom as you will not be seeing one for another 30 minutes plus. Don't be "That Person" that ruins it for everyone.That being said the ride itself was smooth sailing.  You do not feel like you are even moving.  Pods are quite roomy and have some seating available.  We stood as we wanted to take in as much as we could.  Have your cameras and smart phones ready - you will want to capture a few shots for sure!I would highly recommend this and would definitely do this again!
1	I am a local Las Vegan.  This is the dumbest "ride" on the strip. Not to be totally rude but it was stupid, waste of $26.00. The view to the west is of the roof of all the hotels (ugly) and the view to the east is of a huge parking lot.  I went for a ride on a Thursday at 12noon (it opens at noon FYI). Although there was no waiting in line for me at that time, there are 2 theme park type "zig zag" waiting/staging lines at two locations, one is hidden up the escalator so don't be fooled, there will be hours of waiting, especially at night for the lamest 30 minute ride of your life. Yawn.... Get me off!  Entering and exiting the pod is much like a ski lift, it does not stop so you have to gracefully leap off! Just another FYI. And, the price at night is $36. No locals or military discounts. There are photographers inside (just like at Disney) that take your picture against a green wall to sell you a photo at the end. Photography is allowed, but the glare and reflection is an issue.
5	Well, I've been on the London Eye, so when in Vegas for a night (work meeting), and faced with the the opportunity to ride on the World's current tallest Ferris Wheel it seemed a great idea.The view as you are going up is definitely obstructed but once you get about 2/3 of the way to the top the view is amazing. I only had my iPhone to take pictures but got some great shots.A few critical notes:1) I wish the'd dim the lights for night trips.  Would allow you to take better photos without the glare of the overhead lights in your pod. 2) I also think they should have looked into glare-free glass for the pods ... for the same reasons!  (Can you tell I'm a photographer?)
5	Watch your step!I went on the high roller before it officially started charging and I must say it was a wonderful free ride! The entrance is modern with an after thought of feeling Like you're at an adult disneyland because your are in line for a spell, then taking a picture in front of a green screen, which you know they will have for you afterwards. When you get to the platform, youll see that the attraction never stops and you ought to walk quickly into the pod, you'll see why when you get to that point. Its a steady ride up and I went when the sun set behind the other hotels and seeing the casino lights flicker on was quite enjoyable. The pod was clean and comfortable to be standing in for 30 minutes. Which is surprising because of how many people can fit in the pod...about 30 I believe.Now would I pay for the pleasure of this new attraction? Perhaps only one more time. The next time ill bring my own alcohol. But you be the judge!
4	The High Roller is just one of those things that you have to do at least once. And if you want to do it right, then do it once the moon is out and the sun has gracefully bowed down. The ticket prices do increase after 6pm, but for me the view was worth it. We paid slightly under $150 (after taxesd and fees) for 4 adults and my son was free. There was a line for the tickets the night we went, but quickly found out that their are windows where tickets can be purchased. A lady was helping us and almost double charged us but quickly caught and fixed her error. Once we purchased our tickets, entering was fairly easy. They did a quick security check of the ladies purses, no check on the men. We then followed some escalators and made our way up. Once you enter the loading area, they herd you into different waiting sections. Boarding our pod did not take a long wait but boarding it with a child and my mother was almost a challenge. They had to run more than we did a fast walk.There were roughly 20 people in our pod and only half of them were intoxicated, so it wasn't a bad ride. There is ample seating for everyone and music to help you enjoy your ride. The pod moves so slow, it doesn't actually feel like you are moving at all. Which is great for taking pictures.They have monitors in the pods but the music was so loud, I couldn't really hear what was being said on the monitor. It does let you know when you reach the highest point of 550 feet and that is nice.It was a wonderful experience and we got some amazing pictures. I highly recommend it for anyone to do at least once.
4	Definitely worth doing!A little expensive though, so I would suggest doing it at night time to really enjoy the experience and view.The view is amazing, however taking good photographs can be difficult because of the glass..
4	I had family come to town that wanted to do this and I'm afraid of heights so I was worried but we had a blast. Theres a bar before you get on so we were able to enjoy a drink during the ride and the pod was big enough that the height didn't bother me. We went at night and the view was amazing! It moves slow enough that my cousin was able to grab some beautiful pictures on her phone. The price is a little on the high side but I'd go again if the party I was with was wanting to.
5	I'm terrified of heights, but #YOLO.We went at night to see the town lit up. It was a Tuesday and not at all busy, we walked right on. The six of my group only shared a pod with four other people so we had plenty of room to sit or move around as we pleased. There is a bar in the waiting area and you can bring drinks onto the observation wheel if you like. My playmate-for-life was rather taken with the design and artwork, a very stylized mod, 1950's motif. The attendants very helpfully suggest you visit the restrooms before boarding as you will be in the air for 30 minutes with no access to any facilities.The staff takes your picture in front of a green screen before you get on. When you exit through the gift shop, it will be superimposed on a couple different views in the wheel.You board as the pod is moving, so step lively and don't miss or you'll land in the safety nets strung below. (I secretly hoped to see someone do this. Yes, I'm aware this makes me a terrible person.)The revolution takes 30 minutes and there is very little sensation of movement, even in extremely high winds. There are screens that display information about the wheel, your present location, and other pieces of trivia delivered by a quirky but family-friendly comedian.This is quite a feat of engineering and the view is mind-blowing.
2	The high roller is at the end of a trendy row of casino and clubs. It's geared toward a younger crowd and has an outdoor club feel. The night time ride is $37 a person. It was not an amazing view since you see the parking lot in the rear of the area for most of the ride. There is a person who CEOs on the screen and explains what height your at and does a apex countdown. I would go once to say you've done it but it's not as fun as the bars on the ground.
5	Great! A must do when in Las Vegas! We are locals, but will definitely take out of town guests!!
5	So much fun! Went during the day and there as NO wait and our pod wasn't full at all... offered such an awesome view of Vegas! Can hardly wait to go back and check it out at night. Loved that I could purchase and bring a cocktail on with me...helped ease my nerves!
1	SOOO Disappointing.  Nice views of the backs of buildings, air conditioner units on rooftops and parking lots.  The picture taking is especially disappointing.  View from the rooftop bars at some of the casinos and the Eiffel Tower are much better.  This is going to go down in history as one of the worst projects of all time.  Once the newness wears off, I expect it will be emptier than it already is.  There are no crowds.  The music on the pods is annoying and the video in inane trivia and blather and bad jokes.  The pods are so self-contained you dont feel like you are moving.  Just a long elevator ride.
4	Drop dead gorgeous view surrounding your 30min ride. It's about 36 bucks pp if you want to experience this at night. I purposely chose the very last ride at 1:30am so we could hit up several lounge before ended up in this 'bubble'. Staff were friendly, only three other people in this ride at the same time, perfect!  Don't expect to be going semi fast cuz it's not...VERY slow. It's romantic. Have to be back to check out the Linq...looks really cool, updated spot on the strip.
5	Loved it.  We are locals and this was our first ride.  I would recommend for tourist or locals.  We went of a Thursday afternoon, no lines.  great views.  We had a part of 6 and got a car all to ourselves,   Added bonus was great shops and dining choices at the Linq.
2	I am at least partially to blame for my experience at the High Roller.  I allowed myself to go through this with all of my senses.  If I was less than fully aware of what was going on I probably wouldn't have been bothered by the 6 different mini-lines we had to wade through.  The views behind the former Imperial Palace at night are far from spectacular.  I doubt there are any other places in Vegas at such an altitude that have a worse view regardless of price.  I'm not saying the view is bad, but for the price ($70+ for two) there is much better value to be had elsewhere.  Surprisingly parking is free and offers a nice view of the structure. I won't go into the  details but in general processed and cheesy aptly describe the experience.  There may be enough going on in and around the ferris wheel to distract you from the relatively high price for a forgettable experience.  On your life journey I would recommend you pass on High Roller.
4	I was pretty psyched to find out this would be open when I paid a visit to Las Vegas last week.  This was definitely on my TO DO list while visiting, plus I'm always down for something new as I visit every year.We got there pretty late on a Tuesday night - I don't recall what time this thing runs till but it was after a late dinner.I knew before going that it was going to cost me $35.  We have something kind of similar in Chicago at Navy Pier, I can't recall how much that costs but it is NOTHING compared to the High Roller...it's more like a carnival ferris wheel.  Yes, it's worth $35 because not only do I only visit once, but the view is AMAZING!!! Best view in Vegas as I've been to Voodoo Lounge, the clubs at the top of the Palms, no view compares to this view!  As other reviews have mentioned...you pay at a kiosk outside, it's $35 at night.  You cannot bring drinks with you, but you will pass a bar before going up.  I HAD to get a drink on my way in...and I want to say a blue moon cost me about $7.  As with every tourist attraction everywhere they take your picture before you go on, and you exit through a store where you can see your picture if you'd like to purchase it.  I don't even recall looking at ours when we left as I've been through that routine too many times.We had NO wait whatsoever during this entire experience - probably being late on a Tuesday night and all really helped.  I read another review that suggested standing to the right in the pod when you enter so I did...I'd have to say that IS the best spot.  Our pod had about 10 people are so and it was easy to move about in there.  The timing was just right as well as we were able to catch the Bellagio Fountain show once we hit the top.If you have never been to Vegas or haven't been there in a long time, or visiting soon...I highly recommend this tourist attraction, it's really amazing!
2	This observation wheel was high on my list of things to do this trip to Vegas. I romanticized the view of the city in my head but the actual experience fell short. I couldn't find the hours online but we arrived on a Tuesday night about 11:30pm. They informed us that the last riders would have to be on the wheel by 12. After paying nearly $80 for our two tickets, a quick trip to a really dirty bathroom (isn't this place brand new?!?) and getting a free drink (I found a text code in the taxi cab interactive TV on the way over) we walked up to the landing where you get in the pods. There were four in our party and another three people paired with us. I'm not sure why though since there was several open pods that we could have each been in by ourselves (there were about 10 people in the other pod so I guess I shouldn't complain). Entering the pod is interesting as it never stops and once inside, they lock you in adn there are two benches on either side that allow you to sit down. The pod was clean and luckily the windows were too. As other's have mentioned, there is a guide up on the screen and I can't say he added to the experience. As we climbed and reach the top, the view was anticlimactic. Last year we had dinner at the Stratosphere and that view is better! And for another $70, you can have a great dinner! Overall I can't say I regret going but I definitely wouldn't go again.
4	A couple weeks before our trip to Vegas, out of the blue we were wondering where the highest Ferris wheel in the world is (I am a huge Ferris wheel fan). Imagine my delight when I found out it had newly opened on the Strip! I had to do a little convincing because my partner doesn't love heights, but the fact that the viewing capsule is all enclosed made a big difference. We got tickets for nighttime because we wanted to see the lights, and it was awesome. We even saw the Bellagio fountain from the top of the wheel! Unfortunately, we had to share our capsule with some really drunk obnoxious dudes. That's really the only drawback. Overall a beautiful experience and a great way to see the lights of Vegas. It's definitely a little pricey, but the experience is worth it.
5	Always bet on Caesars Entertainment to provide a great experience... except when you lose on the tables. The High Roller is their most recent gamble to entice people to walk through their newly refurbished properties. It's worth the price to get a one of a kind view of the strip in a rotating pod.  Give it a try when you have nothing else to do but wait in an air conditioned area with strangers.
3	We went there to have a good time, but the whole experience was a terrible one. First off went to the ticket window that is right next to it that is a window in a wall. The girl was very rude. At one point I asked her if there was a discount for locals (as I was handing her my credit card). She said no but if I have a Total Rewards card there is a discount. I asked her not to charge the credit card, and where I can get a Total Rewards card (it is the players card for Harrahs, Caesars, etc). She said she didn't know then SWIPED MY CARD! I told her I did not give her permission to do that and that I wanted it refunded. She told me there were no refunds. I told her to get me a manager to refund it or I will call the card company and have them cancel it there on that end. The manager came over, canceled it, and told me that I could get a total rewards card a couple doors down! Ugh! well I got it, and noticed that there was an indoor place to get the tickets there. So I got tickets from much nicer people and went on the ride.Now the ride is still expensive at $34 at night (why go during the day?) and the first 25% and last 25% is a view of a parking lot and sides of building. So only the middle half is good. Do it once when friends are in town as I doubt anyone would do it twice.
3	It's definitely not worth the $35 for a night time ride.Drinks at the bar were made really weak and u pay $12 for them!The great part of this attraction is obviously the view! Im scared of heights but it was an adventure! 30mins of amazing views of the city.  You are placed in a bubble on a humungous ferris wheel.  My bf and I went around 11pm, we got our own pod, it was intimate and romantic! Total tourist attraction!Staff was super friendly.
1	The biggest mistake I made this year. For starters the staff was rude and displayed poor customer service. The ride is mediocre, I would rather buy a timeshare in Louisville, Kentucky that pay to ride the "High Roller" again. Don't do it !!!!!
4	Great views of the city.Full disclosure: I got to ride for free, and didn't have to wait in line, so for that, it was awesome. However, if I was paying and waiting, I might just go someplace where I can enjoy a cocktail with my outstanding views. If you're a tourist with a little money to burn, the High Roller is cool. If you're not afraid to take a cab (or you're local), go to the Mandarin Bar or the martini bar at the Stratosphere.
3	Not a good experience for me, I am scared of height, and I am claustrophobic, if it weren't for hubby, I would never have agreed to go on this ride, it wasn't fun for me, I couldn't move and couldn't look out, I just stayed at one spot for 30 minutes..... The ride was very slow, but I could still feel the shaking now and then, probably because of the high wind that night. What I didn't like the most was the ride didn't stop when we stepped on it, it was very scary! Hubby bought fast lane pass, it was $60 per person, general admission is $25, check in at the computers outside the High Roller ride building, very convenient. Turned out we didn't need fast pass at all, we went there so late, there was no lines, only very few people were going to the ride, darn! Minus the scary parts, the views were amazing, at 550 foot tall, 360 degree sights, tourists could see the entire night views of Las Vegas, maybe even further, it was actually pretty cool. They serve drinks at a small lounge area before getting on the ride, we bought 2 frozen drinks, 2 fireball shots and a bottle water for $48. They take photos for tourists on the way to the ride.It could be a fun and different experience in Vegas, a good place for a date too, of course assuming both are not scared of heights!Ps. Valet parking offers bottle waters, remember to ask a few.
3	This review is pretty easy:Cost $35 for the view you are paying for the view and nothing else. More or less pictures of the view. Oh and hopefully you get in the same pod with some cool people if not that can make or break your round a bout. So it is up to you how much is the view of Vegas worth to you. Night is always better to me because the day time all you see is desert.
4	I would recommend going when the sun starts to set, the strip lights are turned on, and the moon is out. The pods are a different experience.  Great way to view Las Vegas.
3	I'm barely hanging onto a 3-star for this. I like a view of Vegas as much as anyone else, but this is a rip off. Well, sort of. It is on the strip - what isn't a rip off?First off, a complaint about the articles and marketing about this place. Many sources state "40 people can fit." Okay. If you ever have to make the decision to get into one of these pods with 39 other people - avoid it. You will enjoy nothing.So, tickets start around $30-35 per person. You're walked through a lengthy but pleasant series of walkways with lots of friendly staff. There's even a concession stand inside so you can have food and drinks while you Ferris around this wheel. Yes, I turned that into a verb.The pods themselves are spacious (though hardly spacious enough to fit 40). They feel sturdy, modern, and sleek. They have seating as well as monitors all around with this guy who talks to you and tells you sarcastic and cheesy jokes. There's also a counter for how high you are. Funny - even when the wheel stops (which it does many times), the counter continues rising.If the people you end up with are anything like the people I ended up with - everyone will gather at the same spot: the southwestern quarter of the pod. It faces all the nice looking hotels (the view I took a picture of). Any other view is just of greater Las Vegas aka nothing to stare at. So yeah, have fun fighting over that area because nobody leaves that spot. Maybe the bunch I was with was just inconsiderate but really I can't blame them. It is scenic.Ultimately, it's nice to relax in and get a view of the city but $35, fighting over the only nice spot to take pictures from, and only being 30 minutes? I don't know. That's tough to swallow for me.
3	If you are scared of heights like I am, do not ride this.  Also, I paid extra for express tickets to skip the lines.  There was no line on a Wednesday night so it was a waste to upgrade.  There isn't a lot of seating room so be prepared to stand for a half hour.  In my opinion, it is way over priced even without the upgrade.  Of course, what isn't over priced on the strip?
5	Really fun experience. We finally made it over to the High Roller on a touristy Sunday afternoon and ended up getting a whole pod to ourselves. Tickets are $25 during the day and $35 at night. Definitely worth it for that amazing view!
4	Cool and very neat experience riding the High Roller wheel. Great views of the strip & city from it. We rode at night. The cost was $70+ for 2 ppl. But I say it's worth it. Also used the outside kiosk & was able to get in fast & bypass the long line. Also bought frozen drinks to enjoy the ride. It's a 30 minute ride.
4	Fun view of the city, we had the whole thing to ourselves & the kids loved it- pretty much a private party 420 ft above the strip. Good locals pricing.
4	Kinda expensive for a 30min ride but I enjoyed it. Great views of all the lights at night. A little scary hopping in/out of the ride.
4	Great views and a full wet bar inside a monster ferris wheel. What's not to like?We had a dozen people, not counting the bar tender and his bar, inside our capsule and had some great views while conversing and having a couple of drinks. Great idea for a networking activity and a great time by all who attended.
3	If this is your first time in Vegas, or you've never had the opportunity to see the view from high up in Vegas, then this might be worth experiencing. Otherwise, it was just...fine. The Linq is a pretty cool place, all in all, and the High Roller is a nice enough experience. It takes you in a "pod"- basically a large, glass enclosed room (pretty chilly, as the AC was blasting), and slowly circles so you can see some nice views of the city. We must have hit it at just the right time- 8p on a Friday- because there was absolutely no line. You have the opportunity to purchase overpriced beverages at a bar before entering into your pod, and you're off. The pod plays music (it is at a low volume, it isn't a party), and facts about Vegas. While the views are nice, it is a little on the boring side. I could see it maybe being more exciting if it were more crowded with wild people, though!   I can't see doing this over and over, but I'm glad I can check it off the list.
3	I can't beleive the High Roller is bigger than the London Eye.  But, supposedly the specifications say it is.If you're a Total Rewards member, you get a discount, or use the points to pay for this.  At night the cost is $35 to ride this, and during the day they have a different price (cheaper, I think since no one wants to see Vegas during the day) and then a multi use ticket to ride the HR during the day and night.They suggest booking a reservation time, but on a Saturday night, no one was in line. It was very empty.I'm giving it 3 stars because its an A ok attraction for Vegas, but I can't pay for such an outrageous price, even if I used my Comp points.  $2 off for a Total Rewards Platinum discount also isn't enough.  Maybe a $5 discount, but $2? Nope.There's so much to see and do in Vegas, I'll think about riding this if I am utterly bored.
3	This is a lot of money for a half hour view of the city. It was supposed to be romantic but we got stuck on there with two very intoxicated people who were very loud and kept talking to us. Ugh. I think they need to lower the prices for sure, and as for the drunk people, I don't have a solution. Guess that's just Vegas
5	So worth it! Only $35 per person (Apparently rides as low as $15 during the day now), just double fist the drinks when you get on. There wasnt a long line and we went prime time evening hours. They only put about 15-20 people on the pod at once, but Ive talked to people who said they were on them with less than 10. Its 30 minutes per rotation, it goes by quicker than you think.  Views are great both day and night.
3	The High Roller doesn't appear to be bigger than the London Eye, and the capsule actually seems to be slightly smaller.  I had a better experience than most (from what I've read in other Yelp reviews), since my family and I rode by ourselves as part of a birthday celebration & surprise gift for my sister-in-law (her Navy husband came just for the week to surprise her & reunited with the family at the High Roller).  Our ride was at 6PM-ish, so I absolutely have to tell people, the view will most likely be more spectacular if you ride during the night.  The tickets aren't cheap, so make sure that you  ride under optimal conditions for your money!
3	Let me start with the negatives and why I only gave three stars:Grossly overpriced. Yes it is Vegas and the strip, but it's not like I have a private pod or free alcohol flowing as I boringly look out at the landscape. Oh, wait. I have a 'high view' with A/C blowing on me. There's the savings!!.......not. Also there shouldn't be day to evening costs. Not to mention it's about 30 min. ride roundtrip. It's just not the best experience in town. We did it for that 'once in a lifetime' feel and I'm happy to say I have been on it but that's about where it ends. Save your $$ and visit the top of Stratosphere; eat dinner in the Paris eiffel tower; or just take a ride on the strip monorail. You'll have a more enjoyable time.
1	Last night I went to the high roller right before they were closing to purchase the last ride at the pay station (which wasn't working), we then found a high roller store that sold the tickets who wouldn't service us because we were a couple mins late. My family and I then came back the next afternoon, and purchased the tickets, only to find out they had technical errors. At that point I wanted to talk to the manager about the level of service we had experienced during that time (no one cared and didn't give a $h!t).  Caroline, the manager came out and had ZERO customer service. I explained to that we wanted to take our daughter here because we were leaving her for the summer and she's been wanting to go on this ride, we purchased drinks, took photos, but couldn't get on. The lady looked so dumbfounded, all she could say is "you and everyone else, what do you expect?!".  I let her know she had poor customer service skills. It's unfortunate how us customers spend money on expensive drinks, and the manager Caroline has no empathy. She ends up leaving, storms off and says "too bad you feel that way". Sandy was the only rep there that understood (someone else should recruit her that values people). My husband and I were thinking about renewing our vows there, even spoke to someone about it....NOT ANYMORE!!  Get rid of Caroline, she's terrible for the business.
3	Definitely a must do while in Vegas but expect to feel underwhelmed when leaving.The views during the day is flat, dry, and pretty boring.  However, it's pretty safe to assume spectacular views at night because I am always in awe when I walk the strip at night.It was pretty slow during the day.  No lines or congested pods, just the people in my party.  My mother was deathly afraid because she was under the impression that this was a thrill ride,  it's not.  It's best described as a mobile observation deck.  The mobile observation deck lasts approximately 30 minutes so make sure you tinkle prior to entering.  And from reading other reviews, looks like you are allowed to bring drinks onboard.I believe the cost is $25 during the day and $35 at night.I personally would not return but you definitely have to do it once.
3	enjoyed the ride and the view from the top.  i think it is worth it - you can get some really cool pictures of vegas from varying angles.  i'm sure right at dusk or late evening would have beautiful views (we went mid-afternoon on a clear day so we could see pretty far out).the only thing i would say is that it is so new, the price or deals will start popping up... if each person was ~$15-20, it would definitely be right on target - as it stands its probably $10-15 over-priced.  wait a bit and i'm sure there will be deals to be had!
4	Yes, it's a little on the pricey side, but opt to go during the day and the tickets are less expensive and there are fewer people. The engineering was beautiful on this 550 ft behemoth. You can see much of the strip and beyond (hence, go during the day) during this 30-minute ride.They have a bar before the loading platform and you can bring drinks inside the ride. We had two other couples with our family of four so there was plenty of room and we ended up taking pictures for each other!The cabins are air conditioned and there's two seating areas (holds about 8 people) so you can relax, enjoy the cool reprieve, and just appreciate this great new addition to the strip!
3	The High Roller is really cool, mainly because you can drink on it. We went on during the day since it's cheaper but I wish we had gone on at night. It takes 30 minutes to go all the way around and it's a HUGE pod that you're in. I went with 2 friends and we shared the pod with two older ladies, it was so boring. If we knew how big the pods were, we would have brought more people. They have this automated video on the screen the whole, with a "host" talking about the view and talking about Vegas, I get their point but it was a little annoying. They should just play music instead. They have a bar right before you go in to get on the ride, so if you don't have a drink already (yes, you can BYOB) get one! The view is fantastic from that high up but during the day, it's kind dull, I only recommend going at night!
5	Love it!!! I have gone both in the daytime and at night! The staff is so friendly, and helpful. The views are amazing, and the pods are never crowded. If you ate afraid of heights, don't worry! It is a VERY smooth ride, and you don't even realize your moving. This is a must try for everyone in LV
4	This is the best new attraction in Las Vegas. It is the center piece of the revitalization in between the Flamingo and the Quad hotels, which has been called the Linq. I won a ticket on this ferris wheel by playing black jack at Flamingo and getting a suited black jack. I had planned on going on this anyways, but that free ticket sealed the deal. Price of tickets are reasonable too. My girlfriend joined me on the ride and her ticket was less than $20, because it was before 6pm. After 6PM, the price doubles, which still isn't that bad of a price. They also have a bar before you go on the actual ride, since it is Vegas after all. The view is epic from over 500 feet high in the sky. My best piece of advice is to make sure your cell phone battery is fully charged before you go on this ride, because you will be taking a lot of pictures. The whole ride is 30 minutes long. It feels shorter because of how much fun you are having. I was surprised about a couple of things. The first of which is that the ride doesn't pause for you to hop on your cart. I could foresee some senior citizens having issues with that. I did notice that the ride stopped on a couple occasions, so maybe they do stop it if there is someone with mobility issues. The other problem I saw with the ride was the annoying video recording on the monitor inside  the cart. I felt like they tried to hard with the video tour guide who wasn't that funny when he clearly was trying to be. And the 30 second countdown to reaching the highest point of the ride was a little overboard. Overall, this is something I would definitely do again, especially with someone who has never been on it.
4	This is a must-do if when you're in Las Vegas, so you can tell everyone you've been on the highest observation wheel in the world. The high roller is offering some amazing deals right now on their website, so don't forget to check before booking. The one that suited us best, was the $5 off for locals, and kids ride free with paid ticket. What would typically cost us $140+ for our family of 4, came out to only $60. That made it completely worth it. I printed my tickets at home, but since it was low on toner, some of the barcodes didn't fully make it. No worries, because they were able to find my reservation through my confirmation # anyway. We chose the 8PM ride because we were there with another family and our kiddies are not night owls. We walked right through all the lines and immediately were able to get on because there was no one ahead of us. They were generous (smart) enough to give our party of 9 our own pod which was nice because we were able to let the kids run free inside instead of having to worry about them bothering people. The kids LOVED it! You go in and there's a guy who tells you about the high roller and makes "funny" jokes. The kids' favorite part was the screen which told you how high your elevation was and being up in the air in general. The views are spectacular, and 8pm was perfect to see the sun set into night. I feel like we almost got a double ride. On the way down, the music was going and the kids just turned it into their own little dance party. It was definitely the most expensive dance party I've ever been to, but worth every penny.If you'd like to watch the sun set on the high roller, be sure to check out weather.com or something similar that will tell you the exact time the sun sets, so you can catch day & night like us. It's beautiful.
5	LOVED IT!!We opted to make an 8:30pm reservation and it was perfect! Saturday night, not crowded, beautiful evening lights of the Strip....the wheel itself gives no sensation of motion, the view is up and out, not down, down, down like tower-type observation attractions, so I think even folks uncomfortable with heights would not be put off. Each pod is air conditioned and roomy, although the only downside is that there isn't a lot of seating....BUT, if you're a photo nut like me, you won't sit any how! A must-do....
5	A little taste of Disneyland right here in good old Las Vegas! I think that everyone should go for a ride on the HR at least once. I took the advice of a fellow Yelper and I went at dusk (8pm in mid June). It made for the start of the ride being at dusk and the last part of the ride at dark. Being able to get such an amazing view of the valley that we live in was a real treat. Sure, many of us have arrived in town via airplane at dusk/dark, but it's not quite the same thing. :)I would recommend buying your tickets online and print them out before you arrive to avoid the long lines. I timed our ride and it was 35 mins- the ride did stop a few times to assist in the arrival/departure of riders with special needs. It did get a little scary/uneasy at the very top, but upbeat music played so that helped distract me a bit. I doubt I will take a second ride because once was enough. But make sure to cross it off YOUR bucket list.
4	So the high roller was doing this fantastic father's day weekend buy one get one free if you were a dad. My wife and I figured what the heck, let's give it a roll. We smartly by passed the extremely long line at the entrance to the mail guest services and walked over to the automated machines where there is a smaller guest services window with a much smaller line. With the father's day deal I also received a $10 voucher to the sky lounge to get a drink for free to take on the ride. So once we got our tickets we pretty much walked right into the sky lounge, the bartender we had seemed to be having issues, but other than that we got our drinks and we proceeded to the Disney-like queue area (also known as the line to get on). The main part of this includes and decently cool room with a 270 degree screen playing videos and a guy (who is your guide throughout the entire trip) making corny jokes while you wait. It wasnt too bad. Then you proceed to boarding, where for the most part they corral you into this fencing area like cattle before having to rush to board as it continues moving the entire time (unless there is a handicapped individual) then it stops. You then sit down and enjoy the ride. The view is pretty cool, and saying that I rode on the world's tallest observation wheel is also pretty cool. So I give it a four star rating for the initial ride, but I won't ride it again to ensure I down downgrade my rating. Oh and by the way we did not take our kids on this one. Any kid under say 10 will probably get massively board and not enjoy this.
5	Had I not gotten a locals discount, this would totally be a 4 star review. If you follow me, you know I am HUGE on local love and appreciation! So thank you, High Roller for jumping along board! Only 40 bucks for myself, my bf, and the daughter since luckily she's still 12! I did not expect much. I was raised in this city, what can this wheel show me that I have not yet seen? Well, a view I did not know existed for one. A shot of the Bellagio fountain show that puts a whole new aspect on it. And to be able to fully see the entire city from east to west, north to south, was simply breathtaking. TIPS:1. Go with a larger crowd, so you have the chance of getting the pod to yourself, or you and another group ONLY. It fits 30, but I would say only 18-20 comfortably. 2. When you step into the pod, go for the seats on the right. They have a better view IMO. 3. Take advantage of the restroom and bar before going up. It is a 30 minute ride. 4. Be respectful. If you have bratty kids who throw fits, stay at home. If you might be too drunk, don't do it. And BY ALL MEANS, if you are afraid of heights, SHUT UP and deal with it, or stay on the ground. We don't all want to try to convince you to walk to the window and look down, really. Other than that, enjoy! There are not many places you can go in this city, and enjoy the scenery. Especially from the strip!
3	We're locals, so we were really excited to finally experience the High Roller. The line was long so we bought our tickets at the kiosk. They cost $40 each. As we were walking in, we noticed a sign that says locals save $5. We mentioned that we just bought tickets and didn't get the $5 discount & the employee told us if we bought them at the kiosk, it was too late to get the discount. He was quite rude about it. We figured we'd deal with it after our ride & proceeded to the attraction. There's a bar there, so we bought a couple drinks & waited in line for the ride. The drinks were expensive, but we knew the drinks would be at this new tourist attraction. The pods you sit in were really nice. We were with about 10 other people, which was fine, we didn't feel overcrowded and it was easy to move within the pod. The view was magnificent, of course. The ride is about 30 min long. If you're afraid of Ferris wheels, don't be afraid of this one. It goes so slow, you don't even feel like you're moving.When we finished the ride, we tried to see if we could get our $5 local discount. The girl we talked to was even more rude about it than the first guy we spoke to. She actually rolled her eyes at me. My boyfriend then asked to speak to a manager. She basically refused to get the manager until we continually insisted on seeing a manager. We were then led to the manager by a different employee. The manager quickly apologized & credited $10 to my boyfriend's credit card. In addition to the $5 discount, she said locals 17 and under ride free.  However, we didn't see this special posted anywhere. I'm sure lots of families would come if their kids ride free. Why offer these discounts if they don't really advertise them?We paid $70 for the tickets & another $25 for 2 drinks. For $95, I'd say go to Ghostbar or the Voodoo Lounge & enjoy the same view &  enjoy more than 1 cocktail!
4	What a wonderful way to experience the views of Las Vegas.  Insted of walking around in circles under the heat do yourself a favor and pay the 36 bucks to see the strip in an air conditioned room . We went on father's day and all father's were free and even received a 10 dollar credit for the bar which the hubby really appreciate since the coronas were 9 bucks a piece. All the staff was genuinely friendly and looked happy to assist us as we wondered lost inside the very confusing building.  They had 2 different box offices and 4 kiosks(which were not working) so we were a bit confused as to where we had to go to purchase our tickets. I'd say to avoid the lines and buy your tickets at home since once you have your tickets you go straight to the ride. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is do to the fact that the wheel does not stop when your are boarding or when you are exiting.  It was pretty scary since we had a stroller with us and my husband had to quickly exit and pull our stroller while I jumped out with our child. Overall it was a great experience and for those of you who are complaining about the price keep in mind this is an attraction and like any other attractions they are going to be expensive. Nothing in Vegas is free!
2	We went to ride the High Roller on Tuesday, June 17th at around 11 pm. We were stuck in the pod for about 20 minutes because the entire attraction stopped working. We were 2 pods away from the very top. Instead of doing a full rotation we had to go down the same way we went up. Apparently this was the first time the high roller had stopped working. The views were amazing, but the experience was not the best. When we went to the customer service desk they asked if we wanted a ticket for another day or a refund. Of course we chose the refund of $72+ for two people.
3	High roller was a very very beautiful experience! You can def see all of Las Vegas. It's the perfect length of time to go around and the capsules are very modern and unique. I live in vegas and I would say it's a vegas must while you are on vacation here. The thing we didn't like was that when we walked up (my boyfriend and I) we over heard the girl say on the Walkie talkie "well they aren't all over each other"... Then they made us wait for another couple to ride with us. I thought it was strange and asked why. They said because people have sex up there when they are alone. And because if one person passes out or gets nervous then you need two people to attend to them (Which was the more politically correct answer) as we were getting in another two people walked in right away to their own capsule. They were two men. So that threw out the politically correct answer. Over all I thought it was very rude and sexist against me and my boyfriend that they were assuming we were going to have sex up top.... Staff should figure out something about that. Anyways it's a great one time thing but it's very expensive :) thanks
3	Great view. I think experiences my vary here. Depending on the size of the group in your bubble and depending on the attitudes of the other in your bubble as well. We had 6 people and it was was a about right. No one getting in anyones way and everyone was friendly. This is a fairly nice tourtisy trap for Vegas. The downfall on this place is the price per ticket if you are not a local. I would not have paid full price for this ride which is 35 bucks a pop at night. If you have the money to spend and 30 minutes to set back an relax i would recomend this. If saving money for something better and more value is your thing than I would pass.
3	You know this thing was pretty cool. Great views, but $35 a head. I guess thats not that bad for the view, but I should have gotten an extra beer before I went up there, haha.If it was $35 + a drink ticket or something. Then we would be talking.
4	The only other "pod" Ferris Wheel I had been on before was the Millennium Wheel (I think they call it the London Eye now) back in 2004 and, despite the long line and hefty price, I was quite impressed with that ride. Amazing views of Big Ben and the rest of London overlooking the River Thames. So...when I found out the largest pod wheel in the world had recently been erected in Vegas...well, I had to go! My husband and I and another couple went at around 1 something a.m. after partying on The Strip all night. Good decision. There was absolutely no line. Walked right into the pod that was probably 3x the size of the one in London, with only 2 other people on board. Off we went. The High Roller moves soooooo slow you can't even tell you're moving. Very smooth. Yes, great views but actually had better views from our room at the Cosmopolitan that overlooked The Strip and the Bellagio Fountains. If only they could have put the wheel in a different location. Still a cool experience; however, once is enough. At $34.95 p/p plus tax and $9 draft beers each, it's a one time must do experience in Vegas...and/or fork out another 100 bucks per person and take a helicopter tour! Much better views and greater overall experience. [Review for Maverick Helicopters]
4	I really enjoyed the experience.  I couldn't wait to get on it.  But the parking was an issue.  We found out after the fact that we should have parked in the back by the high roller and not where the casinos are located.  The next thing the price I'm a local and was shocked to find out that they don't offer locals specials.  Also I think that the price is ridiculously over priced especially at night.  The view wasn't to bad depending on the direction you are looking.  Over all it was a great experience and a good date night must do.  I also think that the kids would love it to.
5	A must do while in Las Vegas!  We rode in June 2014 for the first time and really enjoyed it. Yes it's expensive...especially at night $35. But we had no regrets! A pleasant staff ushers you in and our wait was fairly minimal. There is music and videos throughout the experience.  The pods are spacious and can hold 40 people but usually there is 10-20. On ours there was maybe 20 and I was glad for that. The views are great at all points and photo ops are plentiful.  I recommend the night ride as the city looks it's best. The sense of movement was almost undetectable even on a windy night. I have to say that I am painfully scared of heights...but 2 cocktails and I was willing. There were still moments of fear but you can sit down and compose yourself. Very glad I did it!
3	High Roller was cool, but glad I got a Groupon; otherwise, overpriced. Good views, not horrible drinks, and it's something to say you've done.Just make sure you don't get stuck in a cabin with a shrill screaming child that takes your $10 drink while irresponsible mom isn't paying attention, which was our experience. 3 stars for lack of age screening.
4	The High Roller is the world's tallest observation wheel with 360 degree views of the Strip and suburbs.  You share a pod with a few others for a 30 minute or so ride. The pod has some seating so if your pod isn't too full you can sit and there are TV monitors broadcasting a recorded Host who gives information and updates throughout the ride.You choose your time slot when you purchase your tickets so think about how you want to see the city, during the day you can see farther and with more detail, at night you get the city lights.I wouldn't say this is a must do when in Vegas, only go if you like observation decks/wheels. Compared to other city's observation decks/wheels, the High Roller is very well done.
5	Last night my family and I enjoyed a fun time on the high roller! We bought our tickets on groupon which gave us 2 for 1 drinks, 2 for 1 photos, 15% off at the store && 2 tickets for 65$ .... What a deal.We printed out the groupons went up to the bar got our drink, walked over to go up to the pods && we were told we had to go back down and redeem them for tickets ... The line was so long!!! However Lonisha, the sweetest lady ever, walked us to a small VIP area to get it done quick. She chit chatted with us while we got out tickets and walked us back up. They also gave us 3 additional 2 for 1 drinks which was very nice!!The pods have plenty of room even on a busy night, the tvs around the pod show you all kinda of fun stuff to know like: how high you are, where you are on the wheel, a building time lapse && many more. Beautiful views, especially when bellagio has the water show going.Had a wonderful time on the high roller and we will be back! Thankyou for the great costumer service.
3	The new High Roller located at The Linq is the world's tallest observation wheel that provides a 360 degree view of Las Vegas and the Strip. Being a local, I decided that I would go ahead and try it out (mostly just to say that I have done it).Just a little about the attraction... there are a total of 28 cabins that hold about 40 passengers each. It's about a 30 minute ride that takes you 550 feet above the Strip. The cost for adults is $19.95 (open till 6PM) and $34.95 (6PM till close). We decided to go later in the evening when the views would be at their best. Luckily when we arrived (11PM or so), there wasn't a wait and were able to purchase our tickets and board the cabin within 5 minutes. There is a bar that you are able to stop at before boarding if you wish to take a drink with you. If you looking to waste a bunch of money, you can also rent a private cabin for your group (approx. $1300) or even purchase a bottle service (approx. $1800). Keep in mind, this is only good for once around so it's a pretty penny for only a 30 minute ride. All in all, it was a fun experience. We got some great pictures and the view is amazing, but I don't know if I would pay $34.95 to do it again. It's one of those, you do it once and then never again. I know since I've gone, they've started to offer packages, local discounts and discounts through Groupon, etc. I would be sure to check those out before heading straight to the box office to get tickets. A couple tips...TIP #1: Go at night... they open at 12PM, but the views are far better if you go during the sunset or later at night.TIP #2: I mentioned it before, but check various sites for discounts!TIP #3: If you aren't walking there, there's a valet located off of Koval (of course it's complimentary!).
5	The High Roller is something I would highly recommend experiencing, especially during the night.  Vegas is such a beautiful city, with all the glittering lights, sparkling hotels, and colorful buildings, that you have to take advantage of its beauty in every way possible.  The High Roller gives you yet another sky high view of all Vegas's glory and provides amazing photo opportunities.Some hopefully helpful information:-The ride is thirty minutes long-Riders enjoy the experience standing in an enclosed observation deck, or a huge, round pod, that can fit many people in each-It is located on the east side of the strip so you'll be viewing the buildings from the east-To get to the High Roller, just look into the sky and walk towards it!  It's so huge!  But for more specific directions, it's located all the way at the end of the Linq -In the pods there are tv screens that show you where in the ride you currently are and how high up your pod is.  There's also this guy that talks a little, provides trivia, and gives you more information about Vegas and the High Roller, providing footage on how it was made.  -Different kinds of music clips play throughout the whole ride-Like most attractions, your photo is taken before the ride which is available for purchase at the endMy biggest tip: Go on a weekday at around 1:30 am or right before it closes, whenever it is not busy.  This way, you can get the whole entire humongous pod to yourself and do not have to share it with another party!  Up in the air, you can dance the night away in your pod, act crazy, be silly, run around in circles, share a romantic moment, enjoy the views with whomever you're with, and do whatever your heart desires.  But do remember, there is a camera in there. ;) Getting a whole pod to ourselves I think really made this experience amazing.
4	It's one of those tourist things you have to experience at least once. Plus its the world's biggest ferris wheel. It's a pricey ride at $35. Obviously, go at night to appreciate all the pretty lights of the Strip. It's slow and doesn't feel you are moving. I believe it travels one mile per hour. 30 minutes for one rotation.
4	I received my ticket through Yelp's Nerdy Bowling event for $14.95 in the nighttime, but it was a half off night anyway so there were a lot of people in line that night!! On the regular, it's pretty expensive: Daytime $20, Nighttime, $35The other prices they show are not worth it, just pick a time with them and go then! Don't spend extra just because you're late all the time! Also, there's usually always a way to get $5 off when you buy your tix at certain locations! The line didn't take too long, even though there was a ton of people that day. The pods seat a lot of people and are pretty comfortable to move around in--you aren't too crowded. There are two benches to sit inside which probably fit 8-9 people at the most.There are TV monitors inside, which feature and provide: facts, a quiz, your height information, elevator music, and a very very enthusiastic, blonde High Roller Guide dude. He even counts down to when you reach the top!!! It's EPIC. (And yes, I do mean that semi sarcastically.) It was a little corny and odd. I feel like they need the height information, but a new way to pull viewers to watch the TV screen from time to time.It was pretty fun to see the views of Vegas; more specifically the view of the pod corner that faces the Luxor which is definitely more interesting than the other corners ;P It was a calming, beautiful and aesthetic 30 minutes of my life. Definitely something I would only pay for during a sale or when family stops by Vegas on vacation or during a firework holiday! P.S. if you didn't grab a seat in the beginning, don't worry, the people sitting down will eventually get restless and stand up :) Also, the color changing lights of the High Roller are beautiful, too, and a perfect photo op when walking on the Linq "street"!
3	My friend got me a ticket to High Roller which he got for $17. I can count with 1 hand how many times I've been on a ferris wheel. It's a 550ft tall observation deck. You can go to Stratosphere if you want to be up higher...and jump off 858ft!Going in the pod could be a little bit tricky if the people in front of you are scared, too slow or aren't alert...making the pod seem to be moving faster. Once you're in, the wheel moves ever so slowly and it stops. It takes 20-30 minutes to complete a whole rotation. You can either sit or stand and enjoy the view. I can see tourists enjoying this a lot.I wish there was a way to have a pod with screaming kids and their guardians grouped together and those who don't have their own pod. Otherwise, it just turns out to be a torturous and the longest 30 minutes of your life. I'll bring Advil and earplugs next time.
4	I wanted to take a ride on this from the first moment I seen it. Checked the prices online and it's was a little expensive for a 30 minute ride. So I checked Groupon for things to do while in Vegas, and came out a winner on this.. For $65 bucks you get to ride anytime day or night, two for one drinks and a photo plus 15% off at the gift shop.. It's takes you 500 feet in the air.. This views of Vegas are breathtaking..
5	We loved it. There were no lines! We were greeted by friendly employees. The cars were cool and not crowded. The views were fabulous. My son had a blast. Free for kids under 12. Great entertainment.
3	This is a very nice attraction that is definitely worth going on at least once in your life....but you don't ever need to go on it again after that.First off, it's pricey.  Even for locals.  That right there deters me from wanting to go on it again.  It's not the most comfortable when you're in the pod.  I only had about 20 other people in the pod with me, which is about half of what it CAN hold, yet it was still difficult to move around, and I just wanted to yell, "MOVE!  You've been hogging the best spot for the whole ride!  Let someone else get a chance!" to some people.Also, there is a super annoying guy in the video that plays the entire time you're on the ride.  And it's true: 30 minutes is a long time when you're going a foot a second.  Once you get to the top and see the amazing view, then you're bored out of your mind for the second half as it comes down.Again, it is worth going on at least once to experience it and see the cool sights, but that's about it.P.S. They need to invest in some good photo editing equipment.  In the picture my brother and I took, we both had glaring red eyes and looked like Terminators!
5	Awesome this is bad ass .... Phenomenal views !!! Great way to see it all without a helicopter ...... Reasonable price ... !!!
3	"You never count your money,while you're sittin at the table.There'll be time enough for countin,when the dealing's done." - "The Gambler", Kenny RogersDo you think you're a high roller?  Well, do ya, punk?http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/high-roller-las-vegas-2?select=kqAy-nV5PY-cN0jUdwc5WQ#3fm-EVs3SBT7NHWxD_djXwHigh Roller, the world's largest observation wheel, is located at the rear of the LINQ, between the Quad & Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/high-roller-las-vegas-2?select=kqAy-nV5PY-cN0jUdwc5WQ#_9LTPN7u1YmKUJPOpuJtRAAir-conditoned pods slowly move from beginning to end in 30 minshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/high-roller-las-vegas-2?select=kqAy-nV5PY-cN0jUdwc5WQ#L0OSF4b_uWh6nIwiRJemMgLoading/unloading is on the move, with safety nets underneath to deter any unfortunate accidents. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/high-roller-las-vegas-2?select=kqAy-nV5PY-cN0jUdwc5WQ#Nyt2U4sx7nHJRtbcMJ7BNgI'm glad we weren't packed like sardines.  TV's keep passengers abreast of how many feet high they are with some funky music to keep the party atmosphere going.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/high-roller-las-vegas-2?select=kqAy-nV5PY-cN0jUdwc5WQ#pAoz7D8Cd-KDUSRGbljfYgA view going uphttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/high-roller-las-vegas-2?select=kqAy-nV5PY-cN0jUdwc5WQ#tKKALBtgPx50nI_r8U_EzwA view at the tophttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/high-roller-las-vegas-2?select=kqAy-nV5PY-cN0jUdwc5WQ#TsCGcB6yo0ge18MLx3njHQFountains of Bellagio, from a distancehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/high-roller-las-vegas-2?select=kqAy-nV5PY-cN0jUdwc5WQ#nqQ_yN7wC1IPlvKUPnZJGAThe ride was pretty smooth, with a little rocking near the top.  After about 10-15 mins, I was done & ready to go already.Celebrity sighting!  Levar Burton, of Roots/Reading Rainbow/Star Trek:The Next Generation fame, shooting a new episode of Reading Rainbowhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/high-roller-las-vegas-2?select=kqAy-nV5PY-cN0jUdwc5WQ#jpsyHvgquUbaXlHVtH4BHwI'm glad I had the chance to ride the High Roller, but at $21.95 during the day & $36.95 at night, I find it to be too pricey for just a souped up ferris wheel.  I recommend the High Roller as something to take a pic of from a distance, with or w/o selfie.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/high-roller-las-vegas-2?select=kqAy-nV5PY-cN0jUdwc5WQ#bgzSv2jFMKPKDP3e1vu9DwBTW, I have a free ticket voucher for the High Roller, which expires Dec. 30, 2014.  If you're interested, I'll trade it for dinner ;)
4	This feat of modern engineering invites you to travel inside an air conditioned and slowly rotating sphere on the outside of a 450-foot bicycle-style wheel. The views of the city and surrounding desertscape are spectacular and ride is incredibly slow and smooth.We went on a weekday afternoon and had an entire cabin to ourselves!The only negative about this amazing experience (it's currently the tallest wheel in the world!) is the poorly written and produced media forced on you on the cabin's multiple video screens.The video is hosted by a dorky actor with pedantic humor. The motion graphics don't seem to consistently show where you are on the wheel or your elevation. A dashboard-style display with audio-only announcements would have been much more effective.The music is also kind odd - it would be great to select your music preference (and control the volume). Two great additions would be digital binoculars that allow you to zoom in to see distant things much closer, and an augmented reality screen that names every building you see. (There's currently no reference for anything below).The time lapse building video was the best thing they showed.Regardless, riding the High Roller is a new must-do experience in Vegas. The only question is to do it by day or by night?
4	Nice way to see the city, especially at night. I was a little disappointed that when you get to the very top of the wheel most of the Strip is STILL obscured by the closer hotel buildings in the foreground, but what you can see is still worth the trip up. Try to go on a weekday so you don't have to fight other riders crowding up to the windows for the best views. Great for kids!
4	You can buy tickets online or when you get there. Around $50 each. But they do have deals living social Groupon , through casinos.... It was amazing. Very calm ride. Exciting. You see everything. I went at night and all the lights was just magical. Kids are free! Picture at the end kinda pricey , not the best quality. I had a thick stand of hair going across my face and he didn't say anything. Just took one shot. I guess it's good if you don't plan on buying the picture ... my dad still did but I don't like it.
5	Unique views of Vegas and the surrounding community. Bought our tickets for a night run inside Harrahs. Yes, it's pricey, but discounts are out there if price is a concern, spend the time, save some money. We pretty much walked right through LINQ and right up to the pod. Friendly crew all the way, friendly riders too. Loading looks a bit hairy, but it's smooth enough if you follow the lead of the people ahead of you and heed the guidance of the crew member (the pod move along the loading dock so you're working with a moving target like an escalator, but the movement is lateral). The lower quadrants are pretty uneventful as you get oriented. A video host makes annoying appearances throughout the ride, sometimes bringing interesting facts, other times pumping up the excitement like only a generic videotaped pep rally can. The timelapse constuction video is cool. They could slow it down, or repeat it and offer it on the lower parts of the ride where the parking lot is currently the backdrop. Various data comes and goes. A continuous graphic showing your position and altitude would be nice. Also, they could use the screens to help locate and identify noteworthy spots and attractions. The views are great. If you're not blessed with a upper floor view at your hotel or your room faces the suburbs, this is a cheap way to see what you're missing. You can take some pretty good pictures in the pod, but be aware of the distortion in some areas where the "glass" is curved. The ride is smooth, very few motion issues, the air is mostly fresh with comfy a/c and our pod was not overstuffed so we could all move around. I'd walk slowly and observantly to the pod and consider your neighbors as you approach the loading zone. If you don't want to be locked up with drunk fratboys, mobs of kids, or loud ethnic ladies screaming a foreign language endlessly into their phones........adjust your arrival time. Our pod had about a dozen riders. One girl was having an emotional breakdown quietly with her friend consoling her (didn't appear to be ride related). Another girl left her drink on a rail, which fell to the floor with no way to clean it up (no cup holders, finish your stuff down stairs). But the rest of our travel mates were pleasant and courteous and seemed to have a very positive experience. Glad we partook. It's by no means a thrill ride and visually its very calm and pleasant and they can easily accomdate handicapped and disabled folks. Fun time.
5	I'm always up for trying new adventures especially ones that challenge my fear of heights.  I've been on a lot of these types of rides but I must say that this was the smoothest and I felt the most safe.  I went at dusk and it was cool to see how the strip changed from when I took off to when I got back down.  Plus, where else can you bring a drink on a ride like this.Gotta check it out and cross it off your bucket list.
4	The experience was phenomenal.  The views at the high roller are only second to those of the helicopter rides. The price was a bit steep, and  fairly short considering.  If you're planning to do a wedding proposal, this would be a great place to do it you can rent one unit out, or just purchase individual tickets. The ride is about 30 minutes long.
2	Pros: Clean and efficient, they get you on quickly.  The LINQ area and shops are very nice.Cons:  Price ($96 for 3 with local discount).  View honestly isn't that great, it's on the back side of the strip and frankly you see a lot of the parking lot until you're about half-way up.Underwhelmed
4	1st time rider here. Went with a small group. Had purchased tix thru groupon. I suggest this to save $$. We went on Sunday night. Lines were not long because we had pre purchased our tickets. There was bar before the line started and one right before we boarded for those who want to indulge. Be sure to use the bathroom otherwise you will be holding it for a really long time. We rode it at dark to see all the lights. It was really cool to see all the views over the strip at night. I probably wouldn't do it again. I am local but definitely think it's worth a visit. The Linq area is loaded with bars and restaurants too.
3	We got our tickets on Groupon, which I highly suggest because regular priced tickets for the LINQ are just ridiculously high. We came around 10 pm on a Sunday on Fourth of July weekend and it was pretty empty. They allow drinks in the observation wheel which are available for purchase in their lounge which is on the way to the observation wheel.They have like 8-10 seats available in each cabin so if the wheel is packed, be prepared to stand for 30 minutes.The view is beautiful, even though you can only see half of the Strip. You cannot see anything past the Venetian. It barely feels like it is even moving so for those of you scared of heights and whatever else, don't be. The windows in each cabin are beyond dirty so taking pictures is kind of a waste, but possible.Tip:The wheel stays in operation even when it rains.Overall I'm glad I got to go on the highest observation wheel in the world, but I won't be back. This is kind of a once in a lifetime experience so I highly suggest everyone does it once.
5	So fun. First of all go at night. Second of all buy discount tickets on Groupon or LivingSocial. Third it's air-conditioned which is an incredible bonus fourth it's not scary at all except for stepping on and stepping off which gets a little dicey the rest of it though phenomenal view of the city
3	it's A-OK coz it is very expensive.. I feel like I need to get better than that with the ticket price.. but the customer service is nice.. looks safe.. all the things and built are new and secure.. Views on top aren't that amazing..(this is just for me). overall it's really an A-OK.. you literally express it like that after the trip.
4	The High Roller was really fun! I wouldn't pay full price, but I got a two-for-one flex pass deal on Groupon with buy one get one free drinks, prints, and a discount in the store.The total ride is about 30 minutes long. It's incredibly smooth and you really don't feel the cabin moving. They kind of pack you in there when it's busy, so I tried to go on a less busy time, but of course at night. Even if you're afraid of heights, I think you'd be ok in this because you really feel as if you are on an observation deck and not in an observation wheel.It's one of those things that when you visit Vegas, you should do at least once. Beautiful view, the staff were very friendly, and I would suggest to anyone. But, again, at a discount. $45/ticket is way too much for a 30 minute ride. If you want a free, pretty view, you can always go to the Mandarin Oriental Mandarin Bar and look out the panoramic windows on the 23rd floor.
5	My wife and I were in Vegas this past weekend and wanted to try out the new High Roller to see what it's about. The whole area is new-ish. I'm not sure when it opened up but this was our first time here. The Linq has a lot of restaurants, bars and food shops in the area. We went with my parents as well. On the way to the High Roller, we saw they had kiosks to buy tickets closer to the strip. So we just decided to buy our tickets there to make it faster. We didn't know it at the time, but this saved us a lot of time!When you buy your tickets through the kiosk, you get to pick a time slot of when you want to ride the High Roller. I would suggest giving yourself 20 minutes because it is still a pretty far walk just to get to the High Roller entrance and giving yourself some bathroom time.The walkway to the High Roller entrance is where all the shops and restaurants are. There's a lot of music being played in the area. It seems like a really busy place and is a nice place just to stop by and chill.When we got to the High Roller entrance, we saw a long line. Luckily we bought our tickets through the machine and we got to walk right through! So just a tip, purchase your tickets through the kiosk to save yourself some time. When you walk in the workers check purses/bags. Then you walk through the place. It reminds me of disneyland because of the way the lines are setup. We went on a Saturday at 9:10PM. We got really lucky cause we got to walk right through all the way to the top without waiting in any lines. They have an area to use the bathroom and buy drinks. I would suggest to use the bathroom since the ride is 30 minutes long and there's no place to go when you're in the pod. The drinks aren't that expensive. My wife and I tried the frozen drinks with some shots of alch.You get grouped with around 20 people. The pods move continuously so you have to enter and exit pretty carefully. The pods have TVs inside that tells you how high you are and when you reach the apex of the ride. It also shows trivia and how the High Roller was made in a time lapse video. The views pretty nice, especially at night! You get to see the strip lit up. It was a super full moon that night as well. We got to see the Bellagio water show for a bit too. The pod has two seating areas. I would say the best place to go to in the pod would be the right side next to the entrance doors when you walk in. It has the best view of the strip when you reach the top. So try to make it out to that area if you can. But pretty much you can walk around the whole pod and enjoy all the views.I would definitely recommend taking a ride on the High Roller if you're in Vegas. You can ride it during the day but try to go at night as you get to see all the lights Vegas has to offer. It was $35/person at night and cheaper during the day. Not that bad for a really good and fun experience.
3	Solid 3.5 stars only if you got the good Groupon deal, 2 tickets for $65 plus 2 free drinks if you were as savvy as us to get the free passes from the Quad security as we were asking directions to this 'ferris wheel' lol.  but being dehyrdated for most of the day, we asked for bottled water instead of beer or magaritas, probably a waste, but a bonus that it was Fiji water, hey it's Vegas...and I digress...Initially not a big thing for me to do since it's such a touristy thing, and seen all the lights at night as they don't really change, but it's a thing to do, and for a 30-minute excursion, it's not going to take a big chunk of my day.Impressed by how the staff worker just let 6 ppl per booth, to give lots of space and some privacy, even at 11pm at night.  Still quite steady amount of tourists still lining up.542 feet is the peak, just fyi.
4	There are a few places on the strip that are a must do, and I think this should be added to the list.A bunch of people are complaining about the price, but I think that $35 for a half hour ride around is not that bad of a deal.  I've gone twice now, and with the coupons and locals discounts I've never paid full price.  I've never had to wait either, which is very nice.  I guess it's not great for business that I've never had to wait, but at least I was there!I would suggest going around sunset so that you get a great view on the way up!
3	My family and I experienced the ride last weekend while in town. It's kinda neat at night to ride if your not looking for high speed and thrills. Very scenic at the top, kinda one of those things you can check off your list that you did it. The only complaint it's a little pricy.
4	Pretty neat addition to the Las Vegas strip. The high roller takes you up 550 feet to view the Las Vegas skyline in an air conditioned cabin. Don't worry...there are plenty of places to buy a drink before you go on your 30-minute journey. Each cabin holds about 35-40 people and it costs about $20 during the day and $35 at night.
4	Great views of the strip, I loved it. But to me overpriced. $34.95 a ticket at night. We did the family pack for $79.95 for 4. We still had a great time.
5	I am mortified of heights but my husband and our good friend convinced me to get on this thing. It was well worth it. It is the largest observation tower in the world. At its apex it reaches 550 feet. The whole trip takes about 30 minutes.  This isn't meant for someone who is in a hurry. The view was beautiful from up top and you could barely feel it moving.
4	So we were at the Linq and while we were there we decided to check the High Roller.  It's not that bad.  It's pretty big inside, so its not too crowded and you can see from all angles in the ball.  The man speaking on the tv is kind of low.  He does let you know when you're at the very top.  There's a/c in the ball so you're not hot or suffocating. It goes at a steady speed and never stops even when you're getting off and on.  So if you feel uneasy you could always ask one of the employees to help you on.  There's a bar inside before getting on and another bar outside right before you get on if you change your mind and need a refresher. Be prepared to spend over $60-$65 for two people.
4	We went during the day. This was a decent experience and I'm glad to have done it at vegas.  You get a really good view of the strip and you'll get some good pictures out of it. The ride is about 30 min.
5	This was a great way to show off all of Vegas! It was great at night so you could see all of the lights!
1	Was here last night and brought some of my family so a party of 6 adults and 2 kidos. The view was great however this ride even with the local $5 off was way over priced. We were all bored and the kids were done 15 mins in. They have a video playing on 10, 12 screens the whole time (completely unnecessary). The kids thought the music and the trivia game was fun; actually more entertaining then the rest. This would be perfect if it was half the cost and half the time. We did a family photo but it's one shot move along so the picture wasn't great. Just a little disappointed since they weren't busy and there was no one after us for a while that they couldn't do a retake.
2	We were in Vegas for July 4 weekend.Purchased 2 special tickets for the high roller at a super special price of $100.  We were to board the high roller at 9PM for a 30 min ride to see the fireworks at the strip.1. They charged our credit card twice and it's been a huge pain trying to reach someone who can help us. We had to go through our AMEX to get one of the charges taken off since no representative at high roller seems to know what to do.2. Pure chaos when we were trying to board the high roller.  We were in long lines and people kept cutting in and pushing.  We felt like cattle herded into one entrance at one point.  No one knew what was going on and no one was there to regulate the guests.3. We did not board the high roller until PAST 930PM which means we missed the entire fire work show Caesar's palace had at 9PM.  This was due to lack of organization.  Thankfully, the High roller had their own fire works show, so we did get to see fireworks for July 4th.  However, we didn't have to purchase super expensive tickets to see that.  We could have bought regular priced tickets (still expensive at $70/2 tickets).Was not amazed by the high roller.  Sure great views of vegas, but you can get those views free of charge at Stratosphere or a high rise restaurant with a view.Will not be spending money here again.
5	Worth doing once for $32 ($5 off coupon) at night and $10 less daytime. Worth it the second time for free. This thing is an engineering marvel. Such a compact footprint. Disney would be proud. Skip the pictures and gift shop.
5	Wow! What a view!Not really sure what to say here except that this is a must do when going to Vegas.It is the highest observation wheel in the world, 107 feet higher than the one in London. We went at night and the view was absolutely amazing. One of my friends had to get talked into going as he wasn't sure if it would be worth it. Afterwards he thanked us repeatedly for talking him into it and talked about it the rest of the trip.It is more expensive at night, and probably at little overpriced at $35 (plus tax) but I don't regret it at all. I understand that you can get discounts if you stay at the Quad or another hotel (but not all Harrah's hotels) and they regularly have Groupon deals, so keep your eyes open.It is cheaper during the day, but go at night, trust me!Some important things to know:1 - it takes 30 minutes to get all the way around, not including the wait in line if it is busy.2 - there are no bathrooms in the pods, so tinkle before you go.3 - there are 2 benches in the pods, but you won't want to sit down.4 - if you time it correctly you can see the fountains at the Bellagio and it is awesome!5 - the pods can accommodate up to 40 people so your whole group can get in the same pod. If you go during the off hours (we went after 11pm) they put fewer people in each pod which is nice.If you are reading these reviews you are thinking about going. Stop thinking and just do it!
4	Spectacular View of the city!! More fun if you came with a big party.  Just a hint, the best seat is right on the left faving the city.
4	Date & Time:  Thursday July 19, 2014 @ 5pmLocation:  LINQCompanions:  Sis-in-law, Bro-in-law, Niece & Nephews + HusbandScene:  Groups in T-Shirts & ShortsMusic:  PopDecor:  White Ferris Wheel PodsTotal:  $210
4	Bought the tickets off of living social that included a free drink at the bar.Went at around 6pm. Basically no lines at all. Ride lasted about 30mins total.This is one of those things you wanna try at least one.If you plan to ride go at around 8pm when the sun is about to set.  Also, save your free drink ticket till you get outside. There is another bar outside right before you board.The bartender inside made us lousy mixed drinks. Better to redeem your ticket outside.
4	Amazing views! A little pricey for what it is but a very cool experience.
4	This is nice attraction in the middle of the Strip.  Well, kind of.  You have to walk through the Linq promenade, all the way to the end.  It's kind of crowded on a Saturday night.  There is kind of a "boardwalk" atmosphere to the whole place.  You then buy your tickets and stand in line to get on.It's very well-coordinated.  Passengers get off, you get on from the other side.  There is a mad dash for the attendants to collect half-empty drink bottles and glasses that people leave behind, but all in all, they are really efficient and get everything going.  Once in a while, they do have to stop the wheel for either handicap access or major cleaning.So, then they close your pod and up you go.  The whole ride is VERY slow.  You barely feel the movement.  It's nice if you can have a private pod with your own party, so then you don't have to be on the ride with strangers for over 35 mins.  You go up and around.  They have monitors in there to tell you your exact altitude.  The views of Vegas are pretty spectacular.  We could see the Fountains of Bellagio as we came down.I would say the that High Roller is something to check off your bucket list.  But you probably don't have to do it a second time.
5	A must do while in Vegas. 550 feet in the air gives you a great view of the strip and the surrounding areas. We went at 1 am there was no lines and only had to share our pod with one other couple.
5	The high roller was an amazing experience.  I would suggest going at night because it is alot prettier with all the lights and stuff.  we were in a pod with about 10 other people which was the perfect amount because it wasnt too crowded and you can still get up and look out their window or sit down. another thing I found to be pretty cool is that they have a few bartenders there where you can buy drinks if you are nervous about going 550 ft in the air.
4	During a quick trip to Las Vegas in late 2013, we noticed construction of a gigantic Ferris wheel. In fact, we could clearly see the construction site and the recently erected wheel from our Vdara suite. My husband, who has architectural and engineering background, urged me to take a walk with him to "investigate". The area was closed off but we saw signs advertising the High Roller. Ooh, we vowed to return for its completion because we remembered our thrilling experience of  "riding" in the then, tallest observatory wheel, The London Eye (443' tall) in 2006. But, The High Roller had promises of being taller and would stand 550'!Fast forward to mid-May 2014, we returned to Las Vegas. We found a newly created pedestrian mall, The Linq, located in between The Flamingo and The Quad (formerly Imperial Palace). The mall was bustling with people who were out and about into shops and restaurants. We could see the High Roller revolving at a "comfortable" speed at 30-35 minutes per revolution. Each pod could entertain up to 40 people and had "full bars"...geez, what else more would you expect from this city? Drinking and thrills!!! The ticket prices weren't as expensive as in London. So...Excuse Time: we were in LV for only 3 days and passed by the High Roller daily while exercise walking the Strip. We had plenty of time to get tickets and take that ride but, alas, we were at an impasse as to when to ride. I thought it would be better to ride during the daytime so at least you can SEE the sights and not have some rider who might be so intoxicated he/she might make it an uncomfortable half hour. My husband, on the other hand, said he'd rather ride at night. He likened the potential pod view to the gorgeous city view we had from the Palms Resort's Ghostbar on the 55th floor, except that we'd be moving. But, it really came down to the fact that we "chickened out"! We plan to return to Las Vegas and will definitely take this thrill around dusk, just to "keep the Peace" between us.
1	i went tonight and it was not crowded at all except they put my family and I with 3 drunk guys who where loud and annoying. the pod has 8 screens (4 on each side) playing the same video which is a bit too much. also, the music and videos were way too loud for such a small place. the view was only good when you got to the top, the rest of it is parking lots and roofs of buildings, which really disappointed us :( also, every single employee that we ran into had an attitude! overall, the pods are clean and air conditioned which was the only good part. this was a one time thing and i wouldn't do it again, plus it's waaaay too overpriced :(
4	Breath taking views of the Strip. We went right at sunset so we got to see the strip lit-up at night. There was about 12 people in our bubble, any more would be getting crowded. It is pretty high. I'm afraid of heights and it's kinda scary. I'm glad I did it, face your fears...
4	We rode the higher roller on my 22nd birthday and we just so happened to step into bubble #22! We went on at 7:50pm and there was no line. The lighting was perfect and by the time we were done, it was night-time and then we saw a huge line. Glad we got on right before subset. Im terrified of heights but it was very slow moving and very enjoyable.
5	Awesome in every sense of the word. This is a magnificent modern engineering masterpiece. The whole experience is top notch.Tell all your friends and family this is a must to experience while Las Vegas.
1	Definitely the worst experience ever. The idea of vegas night view is awesome, but being trapped with a bunch of drunk people in a cart is not the best. Beyond that the facility that runs it is poorly organized, basically we feel like we've been chasing around like animals. Will be the last time to be on that thing.
4	I had a lot of fun!  We got the group rate and only paid $23 ish each which was nice. I've never been on suuuuucchhhh a big,  colorful ferris wheel before!  :)
1	the crews act like shit! they forced us to enter the damn cart! One of my friend refused to enter because she didnt want to be together with a bunch of drunk animals while one of the staff told her 'you have to go now' and we were pushed into the damn stupid cart! There is not enough seats inside and it was damn crowded! will never go there again! sucks!
4	The High Roller allows you (and friends/family/strangers depending on who you get in a pod with) 30-minutes of scenic views of the Las Vegas Strip and the Las Vegas Valley.Enjoy pointing out beautifully-lit casinos, marvel at the pods below and above you. Have a dance party to some of the music, or just chill on one of the benches provided. Each pod supposedly holds 40 people. I counted how many were in mine and there was 28. I would not have liked 12 more people in that thing with me.Don't miss out on taking a look at the valley instead of the Strip, and definitely take a look at the helicopters and planes flying around pretty much where you happen to be, up in the air!Locals get a discount, and if you buy online you can reserve a time. Skip the line to buy tickets, get a drink at the bar - and head through the many queues they have set up. We were there on a Saturday and we waited probably only about 6 minutes to get on.Overall - a decent experience, one to do just to say you've done it.
4	We really enjoyed the experience on the High Roller. The views were spectacular and it was  very hassle free.We had read that just after sunset was a nice time to schedule the ride so we purchased our tickets on the Vegas.com website for 8 p.m. The confirmation email told us to visit the box office inside the LINQ, which was a little confusing. We weren't sure if that meant the LINQ Hotel (the former Imperial Palace and The Quad) or the LINQ shopping area. We eventually went to the High Roller ticket office and were able to retrieve our actual tickets. We reported to the ride at 8:15 p.m. and essentially walked straight through all the way to the loading deck, even though it was prime time. So our total wait was only about five minutes. Our pod/cabin was loaded with about 20-25 people. We staked out the southwest view as we knew that was the best view from the top. Even though we moved around the cabin throughout the ride, we were always able to come back to that spot. The video narration was funny/cute/informative and the views were spectacular.I feel this will definitely be something we do again especially when we are visiting with people who have never been to Las Vegas.
4	With all the hustle and bustle of the Vegas Strip, the High Roller is actually a great way to unwind a bit and enjoy great views, it's a pretty relaxing ride, and at about 30mins, it might be the longest you can stretch $35 in this town!  It is one of those experiences that feels way too touristy, but you just have to try it once to say you did it. I did enjoy it, but I also feel that once was enough.  A word to the wise, you should try to get a spot on the entrance side quickly upon entering the pod because that's the side with all the best views, and I found many of the riders were very unwilling to let others come to their spot to take pictures at the height of the ride (one couple actually settled on the floor at the left window and they never freakin' moved!); the views on the other side are rather unimpressive.
4	Going to Las Vegas with 4 children under the age of 5 is absurd, but it was my husband's 50th birthday and I had the nanny!!! I also wanted my 5 year old to experience being 550 feet up on the ferris wheel " the tallest observation wheel on the planet." I read the previous reviews to get an inside scoop for an awesome experience. I got my 3 adult tickets at kiosk for $34.95 to bypass the line, but had a service fee of $6. We rode at 11:30pm. We were escorted by James to the elevators since we had little kiddos riding the wagon and a stroller.  We stopped by the bar so daddy and mommy can get a drink and restroom for the kids since it's a 30 min ride. The views were spectacular, the staff were amazing, and most of all there were only 4 set of families in the air condition capsule. We were able to enjoy and take pictures at every angle of the 360 degree rotating cabin.
4	Cool experience seeing the Las Vegas valley from the peak of the observatory. Definitely worth to take some cool pictures, but the price to get on can add up if your going in a group. I'd say they should charge less and make the ride shorter because you'll feel over it by the time your on your way back down. The playing on the informational video inside the pod can be pretty annoying too. No matter, still a cool experience
5	My family and I had a great time riding the High Roller! We arrived at 2 pm on a weekday and bought our tickets with a locals discount at the box office and were able to walk right onto a pod all to ourselves without waiting in line. The views were incredible and I would highly recommend taking a ride!
3	We had free tickets with free drinks.  I'm glad I went, but I'm also glad I didn't pay for it.You go up really high.  Since it's behind a lot of big, tall buildings, some views are very limited.  If you want a view, the Stratosphere tower is better.  There are other good views of the Strip (many hotel rooms with Strip views, Voodoo Lounge, Ghostbar, Foundation Room)I can understand how people from small towns who've never been above 5 stories in a building would be "amazed" by going up 550 feet.How much it's worth will depend upon how much you value being 550 feet above the backside of the Strip.
5	This was an awesome thing to do. Honestly we went in the  afternoon (5 pm) and it was great. Got to see everything the mountains, hotels, and the bellagio  fountain. Plus it's cheaper in the afternoon and the open bar is a huge plus. That is probably the best vodka cranberry I've ever had. Which is weird, yes I know. But seriously they don't mess around with drinks. If you have time to kill it's only a half an hour and it's great!
3	We booked a pod for my daughter's wedding thru the group sales group. They were hard to work with. They ended up double billing us for the pod. In addition we had requested the option of turning off the videos so we could record the ceremony without the background noise. The request did not get processed and the video remained on.We requested a reduction in the fee for their mistake. It took 3 weeks for the reduction and we had to file complaint to credit card company to fix the double fee. To be fair it was a great ride just noisy for a wedding ceremony. It would a great ride either as an individual fee. The group sales folks are the problem.
4	I got a Living Social deal for $20 for entry to the ride and a drink from the bar before 6 PM. The views from the wheel are breathtaking, and I can only imagine it would be even better at night. The wheel move slowly a bit over a half hour to go around. We stopped once for about one minute, no doubt to let a handicapped person on. I'm sure that happens more later in the day, which makes the ride longer. The screens above the windows show fun facts and trivia about the city.It was a fun experience and gave me some of the cooler pictures from my trip.
4	I went with my family last night at 8:30 PM, and it was a fun experience! Our tickets were only $25 due to the locals discount on Tuesdays (bought online), and they were made better by the multiple free drink tickets we received after my stepfather simply asked! The drinks have basically no alcohol in them, but you can't go wrong with a strawberry margarita on a warm summer night! You can take your drinks on the ride, which is nice as there were some in our group who are afraid of heights, so the alcohol took off the edge! We had about 25 people in our pod, and once we got to the top, the view of the Strip was pretty. I would definitely go on the High Roller at night or at sunset to see all the lights on the Strip and around the Las Vegas Valley. Definitely a fun attraction for families, locals or tourists!
4	This thing is huge. The carts are big. I think we paid around $22. No lie I was kinda drunk don't remember how long the ride lasted.
3	Considering the amount of money they spent on the ride, I was not as thrilled as I thought I would be however it is a good time and a must see for tourists.The view to the north and north west is great, unobstructed, but with almost nothing to see.  The view to the west, sw, s, and se is partially obstructed by casinos and hotels leaving you with only a partial view.  A few feet higher would have made a big difference.  At the peak, you can see the bellagio fountain show which is really the highlight.  At night, the lights really make a difference and it is a much better experience.The video is annoying and if the writer and the comedian/host ever gets another job I would be surprised.  There is almost nothing informative about the video nor is it remotely entertaining.  Even the quiz questions are too simple and at least one is a blatant plug for the Yardhouse.The pricing is not bad, $19.99 during the day and $39.99 at night with $5.00 discounts to locals.  This summer locals were 1/2 off on Tuesdays, not sure if it is still going.Helpful tip 1-if you prebook a time, book the daytime price but book your time at 6:45.  The daytime price for prebookings goes until 7 but if you show up after 6 without pre-booking you pay the full price.Helpful tip 2 - the groupon and living social deals are deceiving.  They claim $20.00 for day or night but when you go to pay, the price jumps up to $34.99 for nighttime which is the same price you pay if you are local.Helpful tip 3 - kids under 12 are free.As is the norm in Vegas, you will have your photo taken and then they will try to gouge you if you buy the photo.  Those prices are way out of line.  Something I never understood, why charge a price most people won't pay when instead you can charge something more reasonable and make more money overall. (For those who can't do simple mathematics and economics if you charge 30 dollars and sell 100 you make $3000.  If you charge 20 dollars and sell 200 you make $4000.  Anyway, If you are visiting, definitely do it.  If you are local, take advantage of the deals when you have friends in town.I would say it makes for a romantic date but that is only if you manage to get a car to yourself.  When there are 20+ others, including people drunk and getting sick, it isn't very romantic.
4	There was no line when we got there on a friday night at 8:30 pm, so we went straight in and got out drinks prior to boarding, I got mango margarita no alcohol and my boyfriend got the strawberry margarita w/ alcohol, I ended up sipping his margarita because the mango was alright. As they were doing head count on how many people are going inside the pod, we were put in a group of girls having a bachelorette party . When we got inside, one of them told us that we shouldn't be in their pod "You're not VIP" so I started to feel really uncomfortable. We were the only stranger riding with a big group, they were drunk and very loud so we talked to the manager when we got off and told them we didn't enjoy our ride. The manager was nice to let us ride again. Overall the staff was really nice from the start & the place was clean. Our experience in the observation ferris wheel was satisfactory.
4	I am deathly afraid of heights. Seriously...I cant hardly stand on a chair without my knees shaking. With that being said, I wanted to do something fun this time around while in town that didn't involve the casino so instead of attempting the insane roller coaster at the New York New York which is still on my Las Vegas Bucket List, by the way, I chose to attempt the High Roller with my colleague.We hit the new Linq strip that is set up much like an outdoor mall that just seemed to go on and on. It was a great night and the streets were filled with Las Vegas visitors and residents. Once we got to the main floor where the restrooms are located along with a full bar, I ran to the bathroom before our 30 minute ride on the High Roller. The bathroom is quite small for such a monumental attraction. I was very surprised...but let me pass on a little tip to you heading over here...stop at starbucks on your way back to the High Roller. It'll be on your right handside on your way to the attraction. Their restrooms are clean and you won't have to wait in a long line like you will at the High Roller. I believe there was 3 or 4 stalls. Now I did learn that they can actually fit up to 1,120 people on the wheel at any given time so to have only 3 toilets available is a little ridiculous but hey that's just me. It's around $25 for a daytime ride and $37 for a nighttime ride. I just learned that the nighttime ride went up to $39.95...supply and demand, folks. Honestly, it may be a lot of money especially if you have a family to pay for but it was worth EVERY penny. Whether my legs went numb at the top or not, I still give it a solid 4 stars. The view is amazing. You actually are above most of the hotels on the strip at the higher points and to see the twinkling lights out in the distance of Nevada's beautiful land, is out of this world. Do it, don't hesitate, and be sure to hit Sprinkles for some of their Capt'n Crunch ice cream or cupcakes after your ride!
4	Pretty cool view of the strip at night. They do tell you when you are at the apex of the ride so you can take pictures. For me it's a check off the bucket list cuz there's no point in going again
1	This place needs to burn to the bloody ground. I had to go to four windows to try to get my living social tickets redeemed, then the elevators are not handicapped accessible unless you have an employee with you. The whole place is a maze with no directions. The loud music that they blare to cater to unwashed miscreants with shitty music taste is completely unnecessary. The London eye puts this place to shame. Never again.
5	This thing is great to ride during the day too.
2	Their was no line when we went on a Friday night...and the price for two plus two drinks was like robbery. We weren't offered a photo-op as we walked past the photo area. The two photo guys were too busy talking to each other that we were ignored. When we were at the boarding area, the attendant frantically waive you to hurry up and jump on board the moving pod.  The ride is slow moving and the monitors that are inside are blaring loud and obnoxious. Maybe they need to change the voice to be more pleasant than "infomercial yelling". The views were nice at night and made for great pictures of the strip. But beware that if your cabin is full, it'll be hard to grab window space in your pod for photos...there was only 10 ppl in ours and it was a struggle.  Overall, it's an expensive ride.
3	As soon as I heard about the opening of the High Roller I couldn't wait to go on it. I have a soft spot for pretty views and rides. A week before my trip I saw High Roller being advertised on Groupon so I got the deal! I went on a Sunday night around 8:30pm with a group of 5. Because we all had either a groupon or Living social voucher, we were able to skip the lines and go straight to the ride. It was a beautiful view of the strip. I personally think its best to go at night to see all the glamorous lights that shine throughout Vegas. If I were rating the view itself- it would get 5 stars. CON- you are in the ferris wheels with groups of "strangers." the group we got stuck with was weird and ruined our experience. I understand to make it a faster line- you have to group groups together but I wish we had our own cart. The ride also  looks a lot more entertaining while in motion in advertisements. Overall it was a nice experience to see the strip up high at night. I would not ride again. It is overpriced. I can just go to the rooftop somewhere and get a similar view, for free!
2	For the price it's simply not worth it! They have the AC cranked up so high and in top of that I bought a frost drink, even tho it was the middle of summer I was freezing!!! That and it's boring really. Not enough room for everyone to sit, crowded and uncomfortable. I will not go again.
3	We had fun! The ride takes about 30-40 minutes and the night view of Vegas is awesome. Upon arriving we saw a huge line but then realized it was to purchase your ticket. We bought our tickets online and printed them at home and we walked right on. There is a bar to buy drinks before you get on. During the ride t.v. screens are telling you how high you are while on the ride. It was fun but a little too expensive for my taste.
4	Haven't been to Vegas in years, so when I heard they were building a giant ferris wheel along the strip, I was excited to try it out. I got my chance over the weekend and it did not disappoint. My brother got me and my dad tickets on Groupon, which included the entrance fee, a drink, and a souvenir photograph. From the street, this feat of engineering looks amazing. I understand that it's the tallest one in the world, and I don't doubt that. I also did notice that it moves really slow, and was later told that its more of an observation tower type of ride rather than a regular ferris wheel. So my pops and I decided to hop on later than evening, got our drinks and walked right on thru. I guess we went at the perfect time because there was no wait or lines at all. We got up to the loading dock and got into our observation pod immediately. It looks like a mini lounge in there with neon lights and tvs and a 360 degree view of the entire city of Las Vegas. Each pod fits about 40 people, but I think you'll appreciate the experience more if you have the pod relatively empty so you can roam around and take pics at every corner. Yes this ride is sloooooooooooooooow...but you'll appreciate the view along with the video commentary being played on the tvs talking about the history of Las Vegas and other random information about the city. I was able to take some really nice pics up there with my new camera. The whole ride took about 30 minutes to complete and like that its over. I would recommend this to anyone visiting Vegas but it is kinda pricey...the Groupon deal does help, so get that if you do decide to experience this.
4	The Linq is pretty neat, I had never seen it before.  Note -- to get here, don't exit the monorail at the flaminco like you might imagine.  Instead go up to the next stop actually labeled "Linq"It was a great trip, perhaps a bit short for the money, but the view was great.  Highly suggested for a touristy thing to do.  It does seem that there are plenty of options to view the vegas sky line, this just being the most interesting I suppose.  If this interests you, also check out the view from voodoo at the rio - they have an outdoor patio on the top of the tower.
4	This was a pretty cool ride, very slow so u can view Vegas in ease. Around 20-30 mins for us. It's very pricey, but worth the one time  trip. It's not something I would do every time we go to Vegas. If your afraid of heights.. Understand u will be 550 ft above the platform at one point! The Linq is a great addition to what used to be an alleyway, reminds me of downtown Disney-without the Disney and more for adult entertainment. Plenty of places to get a drink, a quick bite, a cozy dinner with ur special someone or a delicious dessert. It's def a must stop for something new and fun on ur Vegas trip!
4	Bought tickets to take my nephew on the High Roller while he was visiting.  It was a really nice experience and we got discounted tickets.  I recommend going at night for the best experience!  The only downside is the super-annoying video playing throughout the ride.
5	I feel that certain things that Vegas offers have to be measured by the fact they're built for tourists, not locals. What I mean is that certain things will be pricier than they ought to be, more ostentatious than necessary, and there will be an overbearing need to deliver an amazing experience. Based on that, yeah, the High Roller delivers. We got tickets through one of those deal websites. I believe we paid like $60, which included two tickets, a Buy 1 Get 1 Free drink, and like a free photo thing (all of which was clearly advertised on the site and explained by the concierge). Yeah, the drinks were weaker than I'd like and served in smaller cups, but it's Vegas. The line to get into the place takes you through a number of rooms, kind of like when you're in line for a ride at Disneyland and you go from one room to next. At no point did we have to wait too long in line as it moves at a pretty good pace (more on this later). Once you're up near the pod and getting ready to board, they have two queues for going up. The pods themselves are always in motion; the pods do not stop for loading or offloading people. That, I thought, was pretty clever for keeping the line going as well as delivering a seamless experience once you're in the pod. The first few minutes of being in the pod you're gaining altitude. You don't have any cool views for the first bit, but then it gets awesome. After about 5 minutes, the photo ops do not stop. I took some awesome shots of the Bellagio fountains, the Vegas valley, and the greater Strip area. Also, the pods are pretty big. I mean, it doesn't feel cramped at all. There were a few minutes where you had to wait for people to finish taking their selfies with a nice backdrop, but other than that? Not an issue. Once you get to the apex of the ride at 550 feet, you get amazing shots. I really regret not taking my DSLR. Overall, the ride was amazing. The service was really good throughout, and really delivered what I feel ought to be Vegas-level quality. Is it pricey? Yeah, absolutely. But it's Vegas and you pay a premium for that kind of stuff. If you're a tourist, it's not a bad bet. If you're a local, keep in mind they sometimes have locals-only deals so I'd be on the lookout for one of those.
3	PROS : clean, air-conditioned cabinsno lines (we went on a Thursday evening)great viewsfriendly staffCONS : tickets, drinks and photos are pricey (check Groupon for deals!)seating is limitedbar area is a bit unorganized windows need to be cleaned (inside and out)OVERALL : I'll echo what other reviewers have said, The High Roller is something you go on once just for the experience. I wouldn't go on it again unless the fare was comped. The best time to go is sunset/evenings during the weekday. There wasn't a line and the only hold up was the mandatory (very quick!) bag check.  The pods don't stop moving (unless someone in your group/party uses a wheelchair) so you literally will hop on/off - don't worry it goes slow.  If you do happen to fall (eep!), there's a net below to catch you (think of it like a trapeze net at the circus). If you have little kids with you (say 6 and under), please carry or take their hand as you board.Yes, the views are pretty spectacular at 550 feet. You'll see the lights of the strip on one side and the parking lots/airport/valley/mountains etc. on the other. There are TVs above the pod to keep track of your elevation as well as learn the history of the ride. Your experience will highly depend on the other people in your group. If you're lumped in with drunk/obnoxious strangers well, then you're SOL for the next 30 minutes. ;)
4	We went at night and just before the crowd hit. The view was amazing and interesting to see Las Vegas from yet another view! We were also surprised at how reasonable the prices were on the beverages. We found a Groupon Coupon which made it even a better deal!
4	Went here a few weeks back during a time it wasn't busy that me and two other friends got one all to ourselves! So I can't speak for when it's busy and lack of view cause of the crowd you have to barge through, but I loved having the whole thing to ourselves so I recommend going at a time it's less busy unless you don't mind the crowd. The bar before you go on is nice and convenient. Ride last about 35 minutes and you see every angle of Vegas, also tv displays. Not much seating, one sofa on either side. Good set up. Took great photos. It's good for what it is. It's for SITE SEEING, not necessarily a party. So know what your paying for before complaining.
4	So much better than I thought it would be! Went during the day and could see the whole desert, in addition to the city. We got the deal on livingsocial and it was a great way to go. We went when it was quiet (no kids) and really enjoyed it.
4	This was a fun experience! We went at night and the view was amazing!! Cabins were clean, drinks were good, and seriously, the view!! I did feel like the cabins could be upgraded a little. You're in the sphere for about thirty minutes and the seats are fairly cheap and uncomfortable. I bought the groupon, so all in a I paid $60 for two tickets and two drinks. Many reviewers feel this is expensive but I thought it was a fairly good value. Like most have said, I probably wouldn't do it again but it's definitely a must-try. Go at night. Can't beat that view.
5	Tuesday is Block Party night at the LINQ which showcases Las Vegas local artists crafty types and musicians in a somewhat corporately manipulated "First Friday" type event.  Many of the Bars, Restaurants, and other businesses also have specials they offer on this day.  It was my BIRTHDAY and I wanted to do something fun and touristy on the "Las Vgas Strip".  The "High Roller" had a family group special which gave us passes for 4 adults and two young children and four beverages of our choice for only $64.  I thought this was a great deal so we gave the "High Roller" a whirl.  Everyone had a blast.  The view starts out a little slow with a birds eye view of parking lots and crappy rooftops.  there is a screen that tells you what elevation you are at which increases your anxiousness to reach the pinnacle of the experience.  Once you get to the top the views become amazing and the ride gets better from there as you start to tumble over the edge of the wheel.  We had so much fun as a family on the "High Roller" we all wanted to go again when we went down to the bottom.  Unfortunately they do not have and wrist band to ride all day on this Ferris Wheel,  However we will be back very soon to ride at night where I am sure the glow of the Las Vegas Skyline will be truly a breathe taking experience.
1	The staff that was working on the night of August 31, 2014 was extremely rude to us.  I am a very cautious and aware individual and as we approached the bag checking area I noticed that there was a couple getting rowdy and being obnoxious with the High Roller Crew.  While we were trying to take pictures, this same group of people was spilling their drinks all over the green screen and causing havoc at the bar area. So, based on the fact that I PAID for this experience, I did not want to ruin our unique occasion by being on the same observation cabin as that group. While we approached the staff as politely as possible about waiting for the next cabin or even going to the next waiting area the staff was extremely rude saying you can wait downstairs. Not realizing that she was just being sarcastic about the situation, implying that we could just leave.  Then "RACHEL THE SUPERVISOR" approached us in the most inappropriate and aggressive manner, immediately saying you need to keep it moving or I will call security.  If the experience to the High Roller was FREE, I could understand being treated with such disrespect.  Now i'm not sure about you, but if I am a paying customer of a business, I expect to be provided a service and If I see an oppurtunity to avoid a bad situation, I am gonna take it.  Throughout our entire vacation, we were infatuated with the oppurtunity to experience such an amazing landmark.  Unfortunately, RACHEL THE SUPERVISOR and her outstanding colleagues treated us with such disrespect and their failure to handle the situation has ruined our families entire experience at The High Roller. Thank you for the experience.
3	The best part of this ride was the Magnificent view of Las Vegas at night. Plenty of photo ops. The weird part was there wasn't a bar in the pods as advertised. There is a bar in the lobby but not in the pods. Its a 30min ride so it can get old quick. It is exactly what you would think it will be like.
3	I mean I was high, like Snoop Dogg high! You know because he's so tall! The High Roller is a pretty cool way to see the lights of Las Vegas from 550ft up in the air, which by the way is highest point of the continuously moving ride which takes 30 minutes to complete a full revolution. You will be stuck in a floating orb with a bunch of randoms, but it's not as tight of space as you might think, plus it's air conditioned! The High Roller is definitely a tourist destination, but sometimes it fun to play tourist in your own neighborhood. Things on the strip can be a little pricey, but most places do offer local discounts. The High Roller is a good example of this, offering 30% off tickets prices to locals on Tuesdays with a free drink, as apart of the "Tuesday Night Bloq Party". They also have a nightly happy hour that happens after 10pm. This tickets will cost ya, but it  includes a full bar that gets to ride with you while you take the 30 minute trip above the Strip, in my opinion this isn't needed. I had a full beer with me on the ride and was so busy looking and taking pictures of the view, I still had about half of it when I departed the Vegas style ferris wheel. The High Roller is a bit pricey, but is something you should try at least once as a local. Remember, local peeps, get local deals! I probably wouldn't do this again on my own, but if my favorite auntie came to visit I would recommend this as something she should check-out. P.S. - Go at night. I mean who wants to look at the Vegas valley at one in the afternoon, right?
1	Cool ride.... but the staff is very rude and unorganized. .. and to be honest its not worth it. Especially if Rachel the supervisor yells at our group in an agressive and threating manner. Its like CALM DOWN sir mam sir....we were just trying to avoid being in a tiny room 550 feet in the air with a bunch of drunks who previously spilt drinks around us when taking our group photos. We kindly asked to be in another cabin and were told we would have security called on us... oh yesss call the security on the sober adults drinking $9 mango slush....  NICE!
1	The view was magnificent (period). Everything else, including the staff, horrible! I'm a local playing tour guide; it was my first experience. I invited guests to this venue after they came from a show. Therefore it was late, precisely in time for the "High Roller Late Night Happy Hour," which began after 10 p.m. on this Wednesday. My guests won cocktail glasses at a show earlier this evening. After paying and going through the layers of holding areas, just prior to entering HRoller, security said no glass allowed. Okay, no problem, I understand the safety concern and I do not dispute that.  Glass in this enclosed pod is not a good idea.  BUT, guess where you have to leave your contraband?  At the concierge at the front of Linq, at the Quad!!! Certainly not anywhere convenient! Did they think of installing maybe paid lockers for added revenue and better customer convenience?!? Someplace more accessible perhaps and not at another zip code!!! At the very least, forewarn the customer of what is not allowed BEFORE they pay the non-refundable fare!Then they advertise that there is a bar in every pod for happy hour. As we got rushed into our pod, you guessed it;  NO f'ing bar!!! Their reply, "Oh you got the Las Vegas residents discount, so the bar is not included.  That costs extra." So what they're saying is LV residents don't drink alcohol?!!? Why even offer a discount if it really isn't a discount?! You're taking something away in order to give the guest a purported discount. That's asinine!  This tourist venue does NOT have the customer's interest at heart, just rape the tourist of their money.  So when this local is asked for a recommendation, this is one attraction that does not get my vote. Steer clear. Liars and rip offs!
4	Got a good deal on Living Social.  Night ticket (after 6 pm) is $34.95.  I got in for $20 including free drink.  Much better deal.  Best at night, after sunset, to see all the pretty lights on the strip and the surrounding city.  Nice upbeat music in the pod.  Pod moves so slowly you don't realize that you are moving and stopping so high up.  Not sure it's worth full price, but you should it is a great view.  Not good for peeps with fear of heights or claustrophobic.  Pod has windows all around but they can put up to 40 peeps in during peak time.
5	GO.  Buy your ticket NOW.  This is a lot of fun.  Spacious -- 40-person -- air-conditioned cars rise 550 ft for great views of the Strip and greater Las Vegas.  Even the announcer on the timed video in the cars was entertaining.  Prices change based on time of day and season of the year.  I look forward to returning!
3	High Roller was more like Sloooooooow Roller.   So slow that we all thought it wasn't even moving.  Make sure to go at night!  We went at night and all the lights were amazing.
2	Apparently these people don't like when you call it a "ferris wheel"... but that's exactly what it looks like! Sorry, I mean the "high roller".Takes about 30 minutes to go around and come down. Before we got to the top, I already wanted to get off. At the top, it stops for a few minutes so you can enjoy the view, which is pretty nice, but I don't need to stare at the view for 30 minutes. They play music in the pods and the lights change colors. I think it looks more fun than it really is. PRICING: It's pretty, but I wouldn't pay $35. Just go to the rooftop of a hotel and enjoy that same view. It's cheaper to go during the day, but I have no idea why anyone would want to see the view then.
1	This was the worst experience we have ever had. I love groupon but I wouldn't go back to this place if someone paid me. The Groupon we used gave us 2 tickets, a 2 for 1 drink, and a photo. The first night we went we got our tickets and headed to the bar. We paid $40 for 2 drinks (later discovering that even though we gave them our drink vouchers they didn't use it) and headed out to the line. We were immediately escorted with a group to an elevator and not told why. When we got back to the main office we were told that the ride was needing to be cycled through, that there could be a computer issue or something. We were not refunded the money for our drinks (which we were ripped off for and only purchased for the purpose of them lasting on the ride) and were told we could come back a different night or if we used groupon that we'd have to request a refund through them. That was the night of July 1st. We went back on the night of july 3rd. When we got to the window we were told that without our original tickets (which had been turned in) there was nothing they could do. I showed them the Groupon proof and they got a manager. He issued us ride tickets. When we asked about the bar and the photo pass that was in our original groupon he said that they couldn't reissue those tickets without the original ones. We didn't bring those since they had been dated for the first night we went. We tried to get him to change his mind and he refused. We even showed him that the Groupon hadn't been marked as redeemed the first time we came. The lady did it after they were convinced to give us our tickets on the second time. So in reality they should have issued all of the passes that same night. He tried telling us groupons don't always register as redeemed right away (even though it said exactly what time a few minutes earlier it had been redeemed). We were outraged and decided just to leave since we weren't going to get everything we paid for. We were extremely disappointed and we would like a refund since we didn't get to use the Groupon as we should have. If I were groupon I would not be doing business with the High Roller anymore.
5	Fifty bucks for my family of 4 to enjoy a cool ride offering air-conditioning, great views, and a memorable experience.  No locals discount with the family package, but we'd do it again at this price.  Exceeded my expectations.
1	This was the worst experience possible. We went for my bachelorette party and prepaid to get an open bar, needless to say we paid for it and didn't get it.  When asked about it staff and managers had every excuse but no answers and wouldn't mKe the situation right. Would highly not recommend. Not worth the price and they are just trying to take more money than is paid for.
4	My hubby and I came here to pre-celebrate my bday! We saw groupon deal for this new ride so we decided to give it a try! And surprisingly I like this experience very much! Every time when I go to Vegas shopping, casino & buffet are the only three things I will do.. Even though I know the view of Las Vegas will be amazing I still hadn't gotten any chance to see it. But after the high roller I saw the amazing view of Las Vegas without paying a lot and also in a very quiet space.. The space is very big and u can bring wine up there... It's a romantic experience and I love it!!
1	The High Roller experience was amazing from mechanical to the view. What was really dissapointing was how rude the attendants were. Getting on they were fine, just like any ride being rushed to get in. Yet, there was no hurry keep in mind there was NO ONE. Me and my girlfriend went around 1 in the morning. The part that bothered me the most is my girlfriend had been drinking and I was sober. As we were getting if the sphere I was trying to figure out how to get her out safe she had pretty high heels and her balance was not all there. I was waiting for what it seemed to be the drop off point were there is carpet so she would not slip as she was getting out. A male attendant told us to get off when I hasitated and told him I was waiting for the carpet he raised his town and restated what he said with a firm voice Step Out now, then as I waited a little more less then a second he repeated come on out. It seemed he had no concern of what was going on. I get by the time we were done it was pretty much closing time, let me tell you if she would have fallen and trip or something happened he would have stayed there longer than 2 am... I work at a theme park as a general supervisor and I tell all my associates safety and costumer satisfaction is always the key. Seems like The famous "HIGH ROLLER" hasnt figured out costumer service and havent been trained of safety regulations.other than that the view is amazing. but the reason its always so empty might be because of the bad attitude of the employees...Jorge Mejiamejij304@gmail.com
3	For some reason I was expecting this to be a cross-breed of a ferris wheel and a roller coaster and its pretty much neither. It's simply an observation pod that goes in ONE circle. Cons- -You don't really get to choose the people you ride with. You are loaded on with about 15 ppl per pod. -Not enough seating, its two little sitting areas on each side of the pod and it fits about 4 people on each side.  I am sure you don't want to sit the entire time but if you do its best to gets a seat facing the loading zone. Everything behind the High Roller is vacant all the lights are in the direction facing where you are loaded on. -Photographs will suck! Unless you're taking pics of the scenery with no flash, the reflective glass won't allow you to capture cute photos. I tried a couple of selfies but it's really dark in there and turning on the flash will just light up the whole pod and you still get the window glares in your picture. Pros- -You can drink while you are on the pod. Drinks can be purchased on your way up towards the loading area. -The pods are air conditioned. I am sure during the day it could get unbearably hot so luckily enough it's pretty chilly in the pods. One cool feature is if you pay an extra $10 ($44.95 for night time) then you can get the Happy Hour ride where you and your friends get open bar the entire 30 mins of the trip. This seems like the only option one should choose seeing as most of the time you are just idly waiting for the pod to hit the highest point. I think that could be fun with a bunch of friends but it is a bit pricey for just 10 mins of drinks. I did like the photo option but it comes out the blue right before the loading area so be on the lookout.
5	This was so much fun! I don't know if I would recommend for couples but definitely for groups of friends. If there's not too big of a line you can request your own pod. The pods come equipped with ac, tv and radio. For an extra 5.00 per person you can get a bartender with drinks! The ride takes 30 mins. I loved it
4	tallest observation wheel in the world!go at night for the best views and go to Sprinkles afterwards (not before, because you can't take your ice cream on the ride).30 min full rotation and it's absolutely worth it.  Beats the Strat views by a longshot. Full bar available in the pods and can seat up to 40 but 20 is probably all I would suggest in each one. They have an event center as well so they can host large programs (up to 150 or so) and you can rent out the pods for groups. Check it out!
1	Worst of TSA attitude meets Tallest Observation Wheel in the World (until someone else builds one a few feet taller).  I went on the High Roller with a friend and once was enough.  At the pinnacle, I wondered if maybe I was being too harsh when someone stated, "I have a better view from my room".   Once is enough.
3	I guess you need to do it once...but at least get a groupon so you can get a good drink along with the ride.  Yes the view is cool... but you can see it from other places.  The ride is slow and smooth.  I am afraid of heights and it didn't bother me for whatever reason on this thing...even when the announcer said not to panic with the technical difficulties that has us stuck up top for a bit...
5	Okay so I found that the key to this thing is riding it at just the right time. This past Sunday we took family in town around noon. We walked right on and we had our own pod. I am not sure why it is so popular at night? The days are much better and you can see farther and much more sites. It was a beautiful day and a much better experience. We took our 2 and 4 year old with us and they had a ball. If we had gone at night I don't think we would have brought the kids.
4	Love the High Roller, it's conveniently located and fairly affordable for how long the ride is. I wouldn't say it's "the best" view in Vegas but it's definitely a unique view from very high up. The ride took around 30 minutes (if I'm remembering correctly). They have their own bar priced around the same as any bar in the nearby vicinity. You ride with around 6-8 other people but the pods you ride in are huge, the only time I remember wanting a bit more space was at the very top when everybody wanted a photo of the one corner with the best view. I went on a Thursday night during EDC week (late June) and we only had to wait around 10 minutes to ride. Tickets are very easily purchased at the electronic kiosks but CHECK GROUPON or online deal sites before going. 4 stars rather than 5 because while it is affordable they kind of mess with you on the pricing... it's the same price for 4 people vs. 3 but the kiosk doesn't mention that...
4	Really cool, fun thing to do. You can see the whole valley as well as all the spots on the strip. Went during the day and it was empty, got right on. Highly recommend this. It's about a thirty minute ride and only cost 21.95 a person. Relaxing.
4	Definitely a must visit for Las Vegas.  The high roller was a very fun and cool experience especially since my friends and I got a whole observation pod to ourselves.  Make sure you and your party is ready to hop on cause the wheel is moving continuously and you don't want to leave someone behind.  The pod is quiet spacious with 2 benches on each side and surrounded by windows for you to see the views.  The upper section of the pod has monitors that tell you how high up you are and when you get to the top.  Plenty of great views no matter where you are on the wheel.  We went during the day and it was still a great experience, but next time, I want to go at night.  As I mentioned, we did get the whole pod to ourselves but we went around 5PM then walked around the Linq for a bit and saw the line for it did get really long around 7.  Overall, highly recommended.  They even have a happy hour ticket where you can open bar on the pod.
5	Went here with a group during a conference in Vegas and loved it!There seem to be a lot of steps (processes, not stairs) in getting to the actual platform to alight onto the wheel.  And of course, each of them comes with an opportunity to spend money.  However, it's worth it for a delightful 30 minute ride that is over way too quickly.The pods are roomy and air conditioned with great visibility on all sides.  The views are spectacular.  When you see yourself looking down at the top of giant hotels such as Venetian, you'll realize how high up you are.  I also liked looking at the mechanics of the wheel as it went around.  It's a pretty awesome achievement.  I'd definitely go again.
4	The High Roller is the signature attraction of the LINQ, first and foremost a shopping/dining/entertainment area with a hotel and casino shortly forthcoming. Measuring at 550 feet it is the world's tallest observation wheel, 107 feet taller than the London Eye. 28 cabins make up the wheel; up to 40 people can fit into one cabin.PRICING: General admission pricing is as follows1x Day (11:30am to 7pm) $24.95 / $29.95 in the Happy Hour (open bar) Cabin1x Night (7pm to 2:30am) $34.95 / $44.95 in the Happy Hour (open bar) Cabin1 Day ($44.95) and 3 Day ($54.95) passes to board with no time restriction BUT you are limited to one ride daily.Supposedly there's a way to get cheaper tickets if you are a) a local, b) stay at the Quad or Flamingo or c) play at any Caesar's blackjack table and get a suited blackjack to get comped tickets.LINEThe No1DP and I went around 11:00pm on a Sunday, which meant there was literally only 5-10 people in front of us and we only saw them as we were about to board. There is plenty of space to accommodate the line inside the building. With lots of line space there were several checkpoints - after No1DP bought our tickets we had to show our tickets to staff at least 3 times.There's an opportunity to buy the adult smoothies while in line but I don't think you can bring those in the pods. There's also a photo opportunity where you can purchase photos after the ride but I declined to purchase ours as I looked too ugly in them.PODS-HAS AIR CONDITIONING. Trust me, this was much appreciated.-Two small benches on each side-Eight monitor screens on top with a cheesy yet entertaining announcer that informs you of the safety rules and various facts about the High Roller or Vegas itself.-Keep in mind that pods are continuously in motion as you are being loaded and unloaded.VIEWThe view was surprisingly much better than what we saw at a helicopter ride early last year. However if you are riding at night this doesn't translate to good photos. If you're using flash the glass will reflect it so there goes your chance to take a good view pic or selfie.I'd recommend this attraction to Vegas visitors. No1DP and I thought it was worth the money but we would wait until later to avoid the lines!
4	Pretty cool! I'd say it's a must do. It's massive and you can pretty much see it from all over the strip, so that alone will probably pique your interest.  We purchased our tickets on Groupon because it was slightly cheaper.  It ended up being an excellent idea because the pick up line for the vendor sales was much, much shorter than the general line for tickets.  We went on a Saturday night so we were expecting the crowds that many other yelp reviews speak of.  We saw no such thing.  Yes, it was quite a bit of hoops and hurdles to actually get up to the wheel, but barely any line.  We stopped at the bar and got our drinks and were on our way about 5 minutes later.  The whole place was very well-organized and fully staffed.  I was a little freaked out getting on the wheel when I saw that it doesn't actually stop... you need to kind of run on along with a huge group of people, which made me nervous. Nobody touch me! lol.It takes about 30-35 minutes to make it's way all the way around.  Each pod holds about 40 people. We only had about 20 in ours, so it wasn't bad.  The first 10 minutes are a little boring because you can't see much yet.  But man once you start getting up to the top... beautiful views of the strip and beyond! You go up so high, it makes most of the gigantic hotels seem so small. Amazing photo ops. There were some annoying people who stayed in the prime viewing spot the entire ride, so we had to evict them to the other side of the pod for a bit, lol.Overall, I enjoyed our visit. I think it's kind of a do once type of thing, especially with the higher pricing.. so I don't know that I'd go again. But everyone should go at least once!
5	I'm not going to tell you the specifications of the High Roller since most reviews already have told you that the 550 foot observation wheel is currently the tallest in the world.I recommend riding at night versus the day since you really get to see a stunning view of the entire Las Vegas Valley. For the people that love airplanes, at night you can see the landing and take-off patterns into and out of McCarran.Before going, check if Groupon or Amazon Local has a ticket deal.Also if you have a Platinum, Diamond, or Seven Stars Total Rewards card, be sure to first stop at the Concierge Desk.  Depending on your card level, you may be entitled to a larger discount or free tickets.A word of advice for locals:  Present your Nevada ID and you get a $5 discount.
3	$35 for 30 min ride, I was expecting a bit more. After viewing their website, suggesting that you can actually have a " party" in these carts, I was expecting to have the cart to our own party. & also a much bigger cart. However, we were crowded with two other parties. Which I thought was unnecessary because 1) our party was a large group of people 2) it was late at night, there was not much people, the cart behind us was EMPTYit ended up that it wasn't too much of a party atmosphere because the cart was not that huge, there was limited sitting area. Whatever playing on the tv also seems like for kids instead of adults. Also the other group was a group of guys and I guess got really high cuz they saw our huge group of girls. The WHOLE time was trying to talk to us. ehhh.... Also the High Roller actually never stops, so running in and out of the cart freaked me out, since I was with my friends bachelorette, and we were all wearing high heels. Although the view is great, but I wouldn't pay $35 for this.
3	I was expecting something a lot more exciting so yeah, it was ok.  I didn't feel like this was a "wow" for me, although my spouse thought it was cool so there ya go.  I had a Living Social deal for 2 ppl, nighttime entry and 2 drinks( worth 10.00 each) for 54.00.  If you're contemplating a visit, please check groupon or Living Social.  There is always a deal to be had.
5	awesome time on the high roller with my hunny and our bartender jeremy!!! he's awesome, do the happy hour ride you'll enjoy it!!!!
2	One and done....BTW I bought a Groupon for this and still kinda felt ripped off.
4	This was a fun outing.  We walked into pod 12, grabbed a seat, then enjoyed the view of the Strip, bathed in the dying light of day.  Unlike a ferris wheel, the High Roller's climate-controlled pods allow one to walk around and check out the views from whatever angle one wants.  It is difficult to discern movement at all, since the High Roller rotates so slowly.  The entire 30 minute revolution is accompanied by a virtual guide, projected onto the TV screens inside the pod.  (Lots of corny jokes!)  Apex of the ride is 550 feet.  Drinks and snacks available prior to boarding and are stupid expensive, but if that's your thing, then have at it.  Prices are $25/person during the day and $35/person at night (I believe "night" prices start at 7pm?).  If you can afford to go at night, that's when I'd go, as it's pretty cool to see the sunset and night lights of the Strip.
5	Don't leave Las Vegas without taking a half-hour spin on the High Roller first. Simply put, there are very few places in the world where you can have this type of experience. It was so nice we did it twice.I recommend riding at night so you can get a true appreciation of the lights of Las Vegas.
3	This was a fun one time venture. Open bar but weak drinks and a less than accommodating bartender. The service at the Line - concierge however was so great! They helped me with my groupon and app...they gave me water and we're sweet to charge my phone!! We reserved the sunset time and the view is great..A must do for vegas newbies
3	My wife and I purchased tickets for the High Roller at the same time we booked our hotel room at Planet Hollywood. I would avoid this process at all costs. It was very cumbersome to redeem the ticket. People at high roller couldn't find our reservation and PH said that they don't store that info. Better to just show up and pay at the box office.After all that, we had a ball. The entrance to the HR is very elaborate. We went around 11pm on a Thursday night. There was no crowds. We got frozen drinks at the bar and were able to take them in the cabin.The cabin was ok. The pictures definitely make it seem a lot nicer. We had 16 ppl in our cabin and it felt like it shouldn't have much more than that, since most people were standing with no place to sit. Views were incredible. Definitely loved the nighttime views of Vegas. I think the HR would be a lot more fun if you could reserve an entire cabin for your party.
3	TIP: Don't wear high heels here. The High Roller never stops so you're gonna have to jump in and out. If you're not ok with possibly spraining your ankle then wear flats.The Yelpers before me have already mentioned all the pros - nice view, clean and air-conditioned cabins, and little to no line. BUT we ran into trouble while trying to redeem the Living Social deal we had purchased for a $35 nighttime ticket + free drink. We waited in line at the Guest Services window and the girl told us we had to redeem it at the Linq concierge, a couple doors down. To make a long story short, we found out later that we could've redeemed it at the window we originally were at OR in the main ticket office. I really have no idea why that girl had us go down to the Linq concierge. A regular price ticket is $35 so I don't think all the hassle was worth it for a 30 minute ride.
3	We had a nice view on a beautiful, clear night on the High Roller.  Problems:1) Drunk guy in our pod hogging the front part of the window and belittling his wife  (They probably should not be pushing the alcohol prior to the 30-minute ride)2) $2 service fee per ticket purchased at the official ticket box office (that's a first for me, I usually buy tickets directly at a venue to AVOID ticket fees)3) $70 for two people (A bit steep)4) Oh yeah.... super confusing figuring out how to get there by car (no GPS updates yet for the reconfiguration) and only a small sign on Las Vegas Blvd.  Accidentally turned right instead of left near the wheel and ended up in the Quad lot instead of the Linq lot)Next time, I will wait to go around closing and hope for a pod that is more empty.P.S.  You can use Quick Rewards/comps if you have them on your Total Rewards card to pay for the High Roller.
2	I rode the High Roller once during the day and was unimpressed.  Yes, the size is there, and the ride is smooth, but there are definite problems.  For instance, you are, during the entire 30 minutes, subjected to loud, trashy music, insipid comments by a video host, and advertisements for Caesar's.  Tasteless and annoying.  There are VERY few seats in the gondola.  The box office adds $2 per ticket service fee without telling you.  There is no senior discount.  MAYBE if you buy from a machine you can avoid the service fee.  There is the usual gift shop.  Although the experience is probably better at night, the high price and the terrible music and the silly $2 service fee gouge will persuade me not to bother with an evening ride.  Overpriced and hohum unless you are drunk.  Typically Vegas?  You decide.  I say don't bother.  (But I love the London Eye.)
5	This experience is definitely as good as it gets in terms of viewing the strip from above. While the price is a bit high, I do think that the experience is well worth it! The video that plays throughout is entertaining and the employees are good about not filling each pod with too many people at once. You are able to request a bar that provides unlimited drinks for your 30 minute ride. Of course, this option is a bit more expensive, but hey, it is what it is. The wheel moves very slowly so it's nothing to be afraid of. My favorite part was seeing the entire view while the Bellagio water show was going on!
5	This was an amazing experience on this wheel for my first time. From the ground it really doesn't look that big but when you are in the air at the top (550 Ft in the air) you feel like you are on top of the strip. The views are amazing and those little pods can hold 45 people...wow. The price is a little steep (35 a person) but for the same views you can get in a helicopter, totally worth it.
4	It was a great experience going on the high roller! I never been up so high before in Las Vegas. Being able to see the strip as well as most of the city was breathtaking. The entire ride is about 30 minutes and the HR reaches higher than most of the hotels. The inside of the cabin is pretty spacious. A small party (12-13?) of people can fit inside.Before you get on, there's a small bar where you're able to buy drinks. They don't allow food on the high roller, so they allow you to finish it in the bar area.
5	Love love love the Highroller! The Highroller is located in the Linq which is a nice little hip and cool nook on the strip. Everyone who visits Vegas should check out the Highroller. My boyfriend took me on the Highroller on one of our dates. The views are amazing! I must admit, I'm deathly afraid of heights, but the pods are so big and you move so slowly that it didn't bother me at all. I highly recommend checking it out.
5	I purchased this ride off of a living social deal and it was one of the best purchases I made for me and the hubby's Vegas trip! The deal included us riding before 6pm and one drink a piece--can we say winning! To start off we were a little confused as where to go to and redeem our tickets--we went to two other offices before we finally figured out we had to go to the Linq hotel concierge to redeem the vouchers. We were a couple of minutes late after getting the run around but the manager was really nice and allowed us to still claim our voucher. After we got our tickets we headed to the High Roller Entrance, and there was no long line or wait--although the area is set up for if there are long lines of people. We went right through and proceeded to the bar area where we were able to use our voucher for a drink up to the price of $9 (it was a very wide selection). After I received my drink, there was another ticket check area and we proceeded to the front of the ride line. Once we got near the wheel there was another ticket check and then we were told to wait for a moment. After we were let through we were instructed to get on the ride while it was moving which was really cool and scary at the same time! With the wheel being in motion while we were getting on and others were getting off, I assumed this was a none stop ride! EHHH NOPE lol my "fear of heights behind" did not read the fine print that says---30 minute ride! lol So what takes 30 minutes you say?? Well the wheel gets to certain levels and then it will stop so you can observe the view. Thank goodness for my free drink because I am AFRAID of heights. But once i got up there the Las Vegas view at night was amazing, especially from so high!! You could see everything! This was my husband's favorite part of our trip to Vegas. I really had an amazing time. The pods are also not as shaky as other Ferris wheels but they do shake a little esp. if people are moving. If you can stomach your fear of heights, I would def. suggest this while in the Vegas area!
5	Saw this wheel being built and finally able to go on it! I bought a living social deal for this and it's well worth it. My deal was for a night ride with a drink included (up to $10).The deal tells you to redeem your voucher at the LINQ concierge, but it was closed by the time we got there. So, we headed straight for the ticket office and they were able to help you redeem it.Like other reviews have said, try to situate yourself to your immediate right or left when you step into your pod. The best view is from there. We were lucky to only have 4 other people in our pod at 11pm on a Friday night. Would def do this again.
3	Must Read before you go on - make sure you use the restroom before you get on especially if you are drinking.. its about a 30 min ride and you are not getting off. If you are afraid of heights, think twice before you go. You are enclosed so its not like a regular fair ferris wheel that is out in the open with air to help ease your stomach. Two types of tickets - Full Admission and General Full Admission (pricey $38 at night) - you get a bar in the center of the pods... fits about 40 people standing. Fun for groups. Even can be a great spot to propose if everyone in there is your friends and family.General Admission ($10) - no bar open with a little space to sit but still no restroom.I would have not gone on if I had to pay for the ticket, but since I won the tickets gambling my group decided to try it out. I will not go back on it as I didn't care for it as much. The city lights were beautiful at night but to be enclosed for that long especially when you are drinking was not that great. Also we had a few people that were afraid of heights and ended up feeling sick when they got off... If you must go up bring something salty to eat just in case someone gets queezy..its about 300 ft up the ground.
4	This afternoon I went on the High Roller, which is the world's tallest observation wheel.The High Roller is a 550-foot tall giant ferris wheel. The wheel began construction in 2011 and opened in March 2014. The High Roller features 28 spherical passenger cabins which can accommodate up to 40 passengers each and is illuminated with dynamic multicolored LED lights nightly.It cost $25 for the 30 minute ride.  You can spend an extra $5 and go in the happy hour cabin where you can drink all you want (I passed).There were just three of us in our cabin.  The views were great!The cabins don't stop ... you get on as it's moving.  There is a net underneath in case you misstep.It was fun and a great way to see the city.
1	This is a Terrible ride I have even have. My friend and I we were in a group of 11. And the worker there have set us in a group with other group together. But at the end my friend daughter went in first then the worker stop my friend they say is to the limit already tell him to take the next one my friend daughter is only 5 year old. They fxxking left a 5 year old kid alone with bunch of stranger and won't stop and let the ride still go. This is the most terrible experience I even have. And it hear from other passenger told me there have been a lot of malfunction to the ride. The door close itself without wait for all passenger in etc ... Did any one have the information where it can file a compliant to the head Office please advise.
5	Go just before the price changes to the night time rate. You'll catch the view of day strip, sunset strip, and night strip. Also for $5 more you can enjoy the all you can drink pod. I really enjoyed the experience and the views. Another must do in vegas.
3	Price with $5 off discount coupon given to me from the Flamingo hotel was $24.99, which the staff applied to my entire group, although it said one per customer, she didn't care! :) And we got there right as the prices changed from the Day admission to Night and she still gave us the day admission fare.The views are amazing, even for someone like me who has a fear of heights.  The total time we were on the ride was about 33 mins.My group had gotten a drink from the bar before heading up.  They do offer a HH deal that has a bartender in the Pod, but for the price and the time spent on the ride, I don't think it's a good deal, unless you are slamming the drinks down or just taking shots.Those who haven't been on it, try it and then you can say you've done it.
3	Lots of hype; tickets were free so won't complain.  Beautiful view of strip at night but hard to take pictures of it due to reflection from glass.
4	Well, it's not what I expected...you could barley tell it's moving, unless you look at the the pod from below. Bc looking at the strip at a very slow pace is difficult to tell, but yes, you are moving. And even with led light and changing colors from time to time, we're inside the pod, it's not as enjoyable view from inside the pod as it is outside. I used my iPhone 6 and had it on "Lapse-time" and played it back and it was awesome!! If you have a rubber case, you can place it on the window facing the strip...don't move it or you'll ruin it. The pod I was in had about no more than 15 people. I paid $35 per ticket for night time. Before you get on the pod, in the middle section has a bar where you can purchase drinks. For those who paid "Full Admission" has a bar in the middle of their pod for larger groups. Pay a little more extra...good for a huge group and fits up to 40 people. The ride for me was 20-24 mins...haha yes, we timed it. Most say it's 30mins. Also, Please use the restroom before you hop on this pod...for those who has a bladder issue.
4	Went on a Thursday night and only had our group of 5 and another couple in our pod, so had plenty of room to walk around.  One person in our group had a cane and they offered to slow the pod down even further for him to get on.  Great customer service right there.  They had a ladies night special for $19.99 which included a night ride and two cocktails.  Pretty good value.  Even though I live in Vegas I enjoyed the ride.  It was nice seeing the Bellagio fountain go off.
4	Thoroughly enjoyed the 30 minute ride with my husband. We went on Tuesday night so there was no line and we only had 8 people in our Pod.  We got a $5 discount from a coupon book I picked up. The view of Las Vegas was amazing but you really can't take any real good pictures  from inside because of the glare.I personally would not wait if they had a real long line. One thing I don't recommended is buying drinks in their bar unless you like to pay a lot for hardly any alcohol in your drink. For an extra $10 you can get a pod that serves you all the booze you can drink in 30 minutes but I am not exactly sure what that means so be sure to ask for specifics. There is no restroom in the pods so that could turn out to the a really bad idea.When you get of your ride you get sent right through their gift store on your way out.
5	Really neat! We got to see everything from up there. We went during the day time and got the whole pod to ourselves. If you stay at the Paris Las Vegas, you and your guests who are staying with you get free tickets to the High Roller. Lovely surprise!
4	Come here for their Happy Hour Special! I believe it starts from 4-7pm. Everything with alcohol looks so much better! The wait time on a Monday -- was pretty fast. We waited about 5 minutes to board the Ferris wheel. The high roller is the world's largest observation and it's located in Las Vegas! It's located in the rear parking lot of the LINQ Hotel. You won't miss it. Super Huge Spinning Object. The happy hour is open bar -- You're stuck with 20 random strangers. At the end of the ride their all your friends! You're packed for sure like sardines, waiting to get drunk! lol It took the Ferris Wheel about 25 minutes to finish a complete circle. The sight seeing is okay.. Nothing major -- I think if they put less people in it.. There is a better chance of walking around and seeing different angles of the strip.
5	Located in The Linq on the Las Vegas Strip. This is the worlds largest observation wheel. It's in Las Vegas so they offer a happy hour as well! The views are spectacular, the whole thing takes about 45 min, it's well worth the price, it's the latest must do in Las Vegas. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	What a wonderful experience! We got the open bar mon to thurs special from living social for 25 bucks. What a steal! 30 min open bar yes please! It took a while to redeem. Thought we could redeem at high roller linq, but had to the go to the concierge first. The open selection was moderate but who cares it's open bar don't except expensive exquisite alcohol. It's a 30 mins ride so please don't come on the ride with with a heavy bladder. Overall the view was amazing and the fact the don't overcrowd you in one ride was good. We went on a weekday so there was no line, but if you went on a weekend not sure how it be. It probably be super long! The reason why I'm giving it a 4 star was at the end of the ride you can view your picture for the ride, well there was a girl who worked at the counter that was a total bitch. We saw our picture didn't like it so we decline not to get it and she gave the biggest attitude. Rolled her eyes at us and then took the picture and ripped it right in front of us. It's like ok bitch you could of at least waited for us to walk away. Hopefully all of them are not like that, but seriously I'm sorry you hate your job but don't take it out on us.
3	We got the Groupon deal with the happy hour open bar and the free picture. When we got to the ticket counter they asked us to go to concierge that was four doors away to get our ticket. The ride itself during happy hour with open bar was a great experience with top shelf liquors available. The free picture was not the same picture you get taken of yourself prior to getting on the ride, but is obtained from a separate company that's in a separate building after you get off the ride. In order to get your free picture you're supposed to buy six pictures after giving them all your personal information, so not exactly the deal that your led to believe you're getting.  Overall worth it for the drinks and the view.
4	Planned to go on the High Roller and then lucky us, we got free tickets from our hotel.    The line was fast and we only had to wait a few minutes before getting on.  Since we had free tickets we didn't get on the happy hour open bar car (do they call it a car??) but that is ok because they let you bring drinks on with you.  You can actually by drinks right before you get one.  I almost feel like you would want to be on the happy hour car because it looked like the bar cart took up lots of room inside.  Either way, just know that once you are on there is not a bathroom inside so you better be able to hold it for half an hour.  The ride was enjoyable and even though we had a total of about 15 or so people inside it didn't feel too crowded.  The views are nice and there is a little TV thing that tells you how high up you are.  The movement is slow so you hardly feel it.  I am not afraid of heights but I think that if you are this probably wouldn't be very scary to you.  Instead of looking down you are looking out at the hotels so it doesn't feel very high up.  This is a great addition to Vegas.
4	Did this ride twice. The first time was with family and when they first opened. It was exciting. The pods are huge! We had 8 people in our pod and my son was able to run around and be worn out. The views are spectacular,  but only for about 5 minute when you are at the very top. It was comfortable and entertaining. The total ride was just under an hour. I gave it a 4 star and not a 5 because it's way over priced for what it offered if you didn't go with a local. Even the local price was a bit steep. Great concept,  but if the price was much more reasonable, more people would repeat.
5	The High Roller holds the Guiness World record for being the tallest Observation Wheel. It is 550 feet with 28 pods that holds upto 40people. My friends and I went there on a Tuesday. They had half off tickets for the local. One of my friends told us to go right at sunset for the best view and low and behold he was right. The 30 mins ride went by so quick as we observed the panoramic view, conversed, took bunch of pictures. Every minute the color of the sky changes with the Bellagio fountain turned on. It was a breathtaking view. The movement is slow and the height was not scary at all to me. As it was descending, I heard one of my friend say " is that Mindy from Mindy Project?" Sure enough it was her, she was about to get on the Pod. She was being photographed and the bar was rolled inside the Pod. Later found out it was her indeed and it was her birthday and she was there with another female celebrity. We had a fabulous time!
5	Super cool attraction!Amazing views - we went at night, and I would think that is the better time to go.  However, they know that, and charge a $10 premium for going at night.  I think its worth it, as they views are spectacular.My fiance has a small fear of heights, but he felt safe and wasnt scared inside the pod.  It is very large (fits 40 people) with seating for about 10 people. Check living social for some discounts.I think it basically lets you go at night for the daytime rate.TIP:Go to the bathroom before hand, the ride is 30 minutes long.
5	Try it!  The ride is gentle, taking ~30 minutes per revolution.The views are spectacular and 360 at that!If you can, go for the "happy hour".  For $10 more you get free drinks of your choosing.  Love the adjacent Promenade.
1	The ride is so boring.  You can technically book a hotel room facing the strip and request for the room at the top of their building and have the same view for probably cheaper.  Whatever you do, don't purchase the VIP package, especially by using Travelzoo's coupon code.  Terrible deal ( http://www.travelzoo.com/entertainment/las-vegas/-63-High-Roller-VIP-Ride-Package-for-Two-1871376/?conf=1&cm=signedin&source=_tzlock&placement=Overlay-TravelDeal-DealPage-SignUpFP5), especially if you are going to ride this ride before 7pm (day time cut off) since the day pass is only 24.99$/per person (that's 50$ for 2 instead of 63$ for two) If you're thinking that it comes with free drinks and photos with this package, it doesn't.  They made me pay for those things and when I told them that my ticket and this thing says it's complimentary, they told me to contact Travelzoo or Linq's itself.  I will post pictures later to show you the receipt I paid for for the extra items listed here. You're basically paying for more to ride this boring ride and for the coupons.  Oh, and also, that deal from Travelzoo can only be purchased on a computer and not a mobile device--I didn't know that so wasted so much time calling them (they kept bouncing me around from one to another, from Linq's itself and Travelzoo agents, instead of just telling me that) and trying to enter it with different Internet browser as they advised it. And when I did it on a computer, Linq's website was down, so I didn't know that it would only work with a computer till I had my friend test it out for me a few days later while I was on the rode driving to Vegas.  Seriously, save your money and go ziplining or ride on their roller coasters or do a tour or something there instead.
5	i'm not one for touristy crap but i really enjoyed this and highly recommend!i went during the day, where it is cheaper, less crowded, and you get to see the beautiful desert landscape.Open bar is a must- it's only $5 extra during the day and you can easily get 2-3 drinks in.  our bartender was the nicest guy ever, funny, and hooked up our drinks nicely.  our pod had a small group - only 6 people.JUST MAKE SURE YOU PEE BEFORE YOU GET ON!also, even though i liked it a lot, i 'wouldn't wait in a long line for it.  there was no line at all when we went.
5	This is totally worth the price!  The views of the strip are amazing, and the pods are so spacious that you can walk around during the trip and see a true 360 degree view.  There are also sets of TV's in the pods that tell you which point in your journey you have reached.  It's a neat way to see your progress around the wheel and figure out just how far up you are!Definitely get a cocktail before getting on board, and be sure to hit up the ladies or mens room - the trip lasts anywhere from 30 - 50 minutes based on how many times the wheel has to stop.  Cheers!
3	My wife and I went on Memorial Day 2014 and to our surprise they gave Military Service members ONLY a FREE PASS and that's the reason why I gave it a 3 star instead of 1 star.PROS:Plenty of parking in the back of The High Roller. Short walking distance and ADA accessible.A nice Mini Street Mall (Check out Sprinkle's red velvet!!! I like it even if I hate cupcakes lol the wife forced fed me)Recognizes Military Service Members. Staff are friendly.Classy, clean environment.No waiting time (May 26 @ 1900 hrs).CONS:They put too many people per cabin and it wasn't even that busy.The wheel turns TOO FAST!!! If you are in the cab facing West (Facing The Strip) as if the wheel is a clock, going 6-5-4-3-2-1 o' Clock (turning counter-clockwise) you won't be able to see anything but a big wall of the hotel (Mirage?) so it's really nothing to see there. From 12-11-10 o'Clock is where you can see some DECENT VIEW of the strip. You'll have ONLY 8 mins to do so, so make it count!!! At 9-8-7-6 o'Clock are a bunch of NOTHING. So you'll sit and put up with the drunk, overly friendly crowd with you and some may have Vegas Syndrome (Jeeezzz I sound like a grouchy old fart lol)It's not high enough to see anything on the strip. You'll see SOME nice views of the SMALL PART of the strip (Bellagio) on the window facing SSW. So sit at the SSW-W side of the cabin to make it SOMEWHAT worth it or it would be a complete waste of your time and money. SSE window is being blocked by a metal running in the middle, so you have to stick your face against the glass to see anything worth watching.Can't get a decent  photo as you have to wrestle people to move out of the way or you'll never get a chance. Taking pictures with flash is a NO GO as the flash reflects on the glass ruining the background. So set up your camera for night shot w/ no flash before hopping in or while going up.$25 bucks PP DAY and $35 bucks PP NIGHT (Starts at 6 PM if I can remember it right) Any other than a Memorial Day Pass, I would have rated it a 1 Star... I hope I've given you guys a heads-up...
1	Do not waste your money!! Only about 5-6 different drinks to choose from which are all disgusting and the "free photo" is not accurate. They take a great group photo of you guys before, and after they already have them printed..that's awesome. As we were all admiring the photo we started walking away and told we had to pay for those. Even with the "free photo" stub that came with the tickets. We handed the photos back and said hope u enjoy the photos of us. Biggest waste of money, so disappointing.
5	Arguably the best view of downtown Las Vegas. The tickets seem pricey but they are worth it. You won't get better day or night photos anywhere. This modern Ferris wheel provides a comfortable and extremely spacious seating area. Plus the video of the "host" talking during the ride is hilarious. Be sure to listen!
4	The high roller itself deserves five stars however, the staff made me drop it down to four.  When we purchased our tickets there was no mention about paying the upgrade then to have a bar in our pod.  We got to the ticket counter at 5:30,so we were able to purchase our tickets for $24.95/pp.  they never mentioned anything about the happy hour price to add $5/pp to add unlimited drinking in the pods that had bars.  We go upstairs use the restrooms and get into the line.  We are waiting get up and are about to board to find out that we have to go back to the beginning of the line to add the upgrade.  Once that cluster was figured out we had to get back into line and wait about twenty minutes for a pod with the bar.  Once we boarded I was impressed with what drinks options were available.  Drinks were poured to all 15-20 of us that were on board before the doors closed and the Ferris wheel began to move.  You can not tell that you are moving.  The views are so amazing!  At one point our bartender offered up shots to people which many took.  Many of us didn't just because there in no bathroom on board.  It was neat being uAble to look up at the TV's to see how high up in the air you were while moving.  This was probably one of the funniest things we have done while out in vegas.  You have to go at night to see the vegas lights.
4	We went at night and the strip looks awesome! Take lots of pics. It was about 30min. I used a local discount and saved about $6. Not good for kids with fear of heights, as the kids in our cabin were wining the entire time.
4	This was definitely a fun experience. The entire thing was very well-run and coordinated by the High Roller staff. The bar they have is kinda cool too, but I usually don't mix alcohol and heights. The view you get of Las Vegas from the very top is unbeatable, and I definitely recommend going at night. The cars have cool little screens around the top showing you your progress and your height off the ground as well (although the corny narrator guy takes away from this slightly). You can bring cameras with you, just remember to turn your flash off! Overall an awesome time - highly recommended.
2	I rode this at night, assuming the lights of the Vegas Strip would be what really made it a worthwhile experience. But because of its lame back-alley location, the view is disappointing.I don't understand why they built this where they did. The tourist frippery of the Strip is hidden from view until you get near the top, maybe 25% of the ride. The other 75% of the ride is spent staring at the ass-end of various dumpy hotel-casinos. I don't know about you, but a view of the Harrahs parking garage ain't worth $40 to me. If I were to ride again, I would go around sunset -- then you could at least see the mountains and stuff and the sunset during the boring 75% of the ride. As it was, I just stared into darkness peppered with thousands of suburban streetlights on one side....and the aforementioned parking garages on the other.The one thing I did enjoy was the mechanics -- looking at the nuts and bolts and stuff holding everything together. From an engineering standpoint, it's fascinating....but in all other respects, this is an utterly boring ride. The HORRENDOUSLY lame video playing throughout the ride just adds insult to injury -- the actor in said video should be lashed to the exterior of one of the cabins and forced to spin around in slow hell for all of eternity, being pelted by the piss and vomit of a thousand Vegas hookers. UGH!A better deal would be to spend your $40 on two cocktails at MIX, on top of the Delano...it has a much better view, and much shorter lines. (Although when I went, on a Sunday night, there was no line at all...so if you MUST waste your money on this ride, at least go on an off night).
3	A pricey gimmick, but truly an amazing view. Thankfully I went midweek and it was pretty empty; not sure it would have been as much fun after a long wait pressed in by dozens more people. My biggest criticism is the constant self-promotion and relentless reminders of HOW COOL it was!! It's a Ferris Wheel, guys. I'm not going to buy your overpriced drinks and I don't need the guy on the video screen to keep telling me how awesome it is. But still, that view!
5	I didn't know it was the largest observation wheel in the world! It was fun! Some people backed out when in line? Lol! It was not scary at all since the wheel is steady and you can walk around in it, we had the VIP tickets happy half hour, for 30 mins we were there and an open bar. I actually got drunk taking advantage of unlimited drinks haha. It was a great experience for sure! Will definitely do it again. There's music inside with flat screen tv playing music videos, pretty cool. It's like a mini bubble club. Love it!
3	I bought a Living Social voucher for $25 for 30 minutes and open bar. I enjoyed myself, but definitely would NOT pay full price for this. They pack about 25 people in each pod with only one bartender. It would have been nicer if there were two bartenders. The regular pods (without alcohol) have less people in them. The pods are WAY bigger than they appear. There is not much seating inside either, so prepare to stand. Try to go at dusk or night to enjoy all the lights. We even saw the Bellagio fountains dancing from the High Roller.
3	A-OK. We got a living social deal for a ride on the High Roller and a drink up to the value of $9 for $18 each, It was a few more dollars for the night time ride, We turned up showed our ticket and went to get a drink from the bar, the whole building was pretty cool! A bit like a theme park queue at Disneyland, then it was time to board our pod, i think we got lucky as there was a huge party before us who all got in one pod together then we were next and we were in a pod with only a few others so i think its all pot luck on what time you go, The whole ride takes around 30 minutes with a pretty annoying video commentary of some annoying guy, The pods are quite large with plastic hard seating in places around the pod, but you do get a 360 degree view of Las Vegas through the big windows around the pod, Unfortunatly though the view isn't all that great, all you get to see is the back of the Hotels,the mountains in the distance  and the Airport,  and we got a better view from our hotel at the Cosmopolitan. Though it was cool to go on the tallest observation wheel in the world at a staggering 550ft!!!
5	The high roller is located at the end of the Linq area. You can purchase your tickets at a machine along the way to the High Roller or at the High Roller. It costs $25 per person for a daytime pass and $35 per person for a nighttime pass. I'm not too positive when the nighttime pass is in effect. There is also an option for unlimited alcohol but I don't know the price for that.  There is a bar located before you load the pod if you want to drink alcohol but don't want to do the unlimited alcohol. The best viewing place on the pod would be to the right as soon as you get in.  When you're at the top you can see basically the whole strip. If you're on the left side, you see the north side of the strip - Harrahs, Venetian/ Encore. You can walk around the pod, however the first time I rode the High Roller, these people who sat at the "good spot" would not leave and basically would not let people take pictures there. The second time I rode it, only my group (4 people) were in the pod so it was nice.  I don't know if it's not as busy anymore but there was no waiting at all. It's a 30 minute ride. There is a video playing in the background with random facts to somewhat keep you entertained. They offer to take a picture before you load the pod and you can view and purchase it  in the gift shop when you exit. Before or after the High Roller you can grab a bite to eat at the Linq or just walk around. There's a lot going on there. Because there is a lot going on there, the traffic going into the Linq area gets backed up. We had the taxi driver drop us off at Battista's Hole in the Wall restaurant and we walked to the High Roller. I wouldn't ride the High Roller everytime I go to Vegas. I rode it the second time because our friend gave us free tickets. It would be nice to go on once so you can get a gorgeous view of the strip.
4	Enjoyable half hour-ish trip over the Vegas Strip in a pod on a giant Ferris wheel. You get some great views of the strip and beyond. The pod is totally enclosed and when I went on a weekday afternoon there were only six of us in the pod so it wasn't too crowded either. I don't like heights but had zero problems on this since it felt more like being in a building than an open Ferris wheel car. The host in the automated tour video is annoying (tries to be funny and is an epic fail) and we'd have muted him had we been given the choice. Try to get a living social deal to get a lot of money off and a free alcoholic drink up to $10 at the bar before you enter the pod. Be warned there is no bathroom on the pod but there is one before you board. Also, the pod doesn't totally stop when you enter and exit so be careful.This is a unique view of Vegas and something that I'd recommend whether you're new to Vegas or a regular visitor. Not sure I'd do it again during the day but maybe I'd check it out at night.
3	Price=Expensive. $35 to go after dark. Which is pricey. Its cool n all.. gives a good view of the city. Cool for the experience but because of the price we most likely won't go again. We purchased a groupon for $69 two people.. with the option of happy hour(normally a $10 add on) so there is where it would save.Take a camera - gives for some nice photos of the vegas lights.
5	This is one of the most enjoyable experiences I've had in Vegas. I was originally discouraged by some of the negative reviews I read on here but after trying it out myself, here are some counterpoints to the haters:Price - Yes. It is a bit pricey at roughly $36 for one adult for an evening ride. But, every other attraction in Vegas is pricey and if you're here, you were probably planning on gambling or eating expensive food or buying expensive drinks or visiting a club or watching a show at one point. Being in Vegas = money and overpaying for things. Why not save up a little for an unforgettable and unique experience?The unimpressive views near the bottom - Okay, the views aren't great until you get closer to the top of the wheel. But nothing in life is perfect. The views toward the top are amazing, almost breathtaking. The feeling of being in a glass pod "floating" high above the beautiful lights of Vegas with expansive views in nearly every direction is surreal.  I enjoyed the views and didn't think it needed to be closer to the middle of the strip to be enjoyable. "Alternatives" - It's really not the same as going into a high building and looking out the windows. The ascent is kind of thrilling, and again, you're almost getting 360 degree views. The Eiffel Tower experience only lets you see Vegas in a small observation area through a type of fence which makes it really hard to take pictures and is exposed to the weather, and the Stratosphere Tower, though nice, is so high up that everything looks relatively small. The pods of the High Roller are closed, air-conditioned, and offer just the right kind of view near the top.The staff - I had no problems with the staff.Helpful hints - -Best not to wear high heels or difficult shoes - the wheel doesn't stop and you have to get on and get off as it slowly moves (there's a net underneath to catch people who misstep, but still). -Use the restroom before you get on the wheel as it's a 30 minute ride - for what it's worth, I don't think being buzzed or drunk is a requisite to enjoying this experience.-Go on a weeknight - there was no line on a Monday night and I was able to get on a pod within 20 minutes of buying my ticket, a lot of that time was just spent going through security and making my way through the building up to the wheel pods.
3	I waited for the Groupon before I went on this, 'cause it's pricy. $69 for admission for 2 with either flex pass (go day/night whenever you like) or Happy Half Hour (open bar for the duration of your trip, weekdays only). It also comes with a 20% off food at Brooklyn Bowl, a free polaroid at the Polaroid store, and 15% off any item in the gift shop.First thing I noticed: everyone here hates their job. The bag checkers could not have cared less about us. I showed my Groupon voucher and the girls says, "Sorry, I need to see the ticket." I was like...okay, isn't this a ticket? And she sighs and huffs and puffs and says, "NO, a REAL ticket. Go to the concierge." Cryptic and rude! But we went to concierge next to the Brooklyn Bowl and got real tickets printed out and were finally allowed in.It's a long, long windy path up to the actual High Roller. There's a set of green screens against a wall and some "photographers" who basically push you up against the screen, click two pictures, and hand you a ticket without even looking at you. I was really shocked! I gladly would have payed for my picture if it hadn't been so hurried and awful. This is a MONDAY NIGHT, mind you, with NO LINE. They aren't busy, and they just don't care. Terrible customer service.Finally get there to the loading deck. From my understanding, there are bars in each compartment with bartenders and all. Turns out there's just a small rolling beverage cart they throw in there with a bartender and squeeze a rather large amount of people in one car. Not a lot of seating, which was uncomfortable. Bartender was very friendly.There's video screens up top of the car that are supposed to give an "interactive experience". They don't. They just let you know what elevation you're at and give a small HOORAY! when you reach the pinnacle. The view is pretty, but not worth what we spent. I was ultimately disappointed with the whole experience. Better customer service, please!
1	Blonde moustaches do not count for "free moustache ride movember".  Sorry my moustache is the wrong color.
3	This was something my mom was dead set on doing in Vegas, so we walked to the hotel and experienced this gigantic Ferris wheel. It isn't really much of an adventure, so I think the price is kind of a joke. The view is great, it really is, expect there are much taller buildings in the way at certain intervals. The people who work here clearly don't care and that is upsetting when you are on vacation, and even more upsetting since this is a new attraction and these people are already not amused. The employees at any attraction are just as important as the attraction, look at Disney's philosophy, so maybe this company should put more emphasis on how they treat and train their employees.
4	OK- Here is my "from a local" perspective on the High Roller-It is a really cool thing to do, and should be done.-Find a deal! LivingSocial, GoldStar, Vegas.com they are out there!-Choose the ticket that includes the open bar "Happy Hour" I do not even drink, and a cabin full of people having fun is just more fun! Trust me on this one.-Go at Sunset or after dark. Las Vegas is magical at night, and seeing it from this perspective is amazing!Hope that helps, have fun!
3	Personally this is not for me but I am giving it three stars because I realize I was able to ride this for Free due to the Veterans day special they were offering to give Active Duty / Veterans free Ticket for them plus a guest which is such a awesome deal.  If I had paid full price for my ticket I imagine I would of left with a worse taste in my mouth because this thing is honestly very slow and not nearly as intimate as I had imagined. The pods are roomy because they don't JAM it packed with people but it includes very little space to sit and our pod had a little toddler that ended up dumping my purse everywhere when my friend was taking our photo. The view is truly amazing and I think if you're going to pony up the $ it is worth doing the ride that is at night. If I had to ever ride this again though I would definitely go with the VIP ride that includes open bar because at least I would feel like I was doing something. I am more of a fast paced personality and I don't really "relax" and take in the view all that well especially with their TV monitors blaring that annoying guys voice with fun trivia facts. Overall everyone that worked that evening was super friendly and I did end up buying the photo at the end because it was a pretty good special they were running for three photos it was $35 plus the frame . Since my ticket was free I figured why not? especially since I don't plan on rushing back to the wheel anytime soon.
5	This was a really cool experience and the views are wonderful at night. The line goes by quite fast and the pods are not packed full. The total experience takes about 30mins and they play music while you're on it.We saw there is a happy hour line where for $5 more per person you get to ride on a pod with a bar (although I'm sure you pay for those drinks). Those pods seemed a lot more crowded.They also have the ability to stop the pods while loading so the elderly or handicap can get on. Wheelchairs and strollers welcome.
3	Move over Singapore Flyer! You are no longer the tallest observation wheel in the world!   The High Roller at The Linq in Las Vegas is!Nestled behind The Imperial Palace, er I mean, The Linq is a giant wheel of metal and glass bubbles that does one rotation inside of 30 minutes!My gf and I were lucky that our timing was impeccable because we arrived when one of the pods was almost out of entrance range, that there was only one other couple inside it.  Unlike the other pods where there were more than 6-8 people inside!  It is almost as if we had the pod to ourselves, almost!While the overall environment controlled cabin was pleasent, the seating could have been improved by using padded seats instead of the hard, sterile plastic that awaited our butts! Not that it mattered too, too much as you would find yourself standing most of the time in this ride marveling at the bright Vegas strip lights below! What is definitely sorely needed is a way to disable the annoying infomercial playing on the screen inside the cabin.  The host of the informative show was tolerable the first 5 minutes, but a whole 30 minutes of badly scripted jokes and anecdotes,  one has had enough crass!   Perhaps there should be a way to switch to a radio station, or to satellite radio playing music instead?The High Roller is best experienced during night time, or at dusk. Although, I wouldn't mind going during the day if the oppportunity came up.  The selections at the pre-boarding bar could be a little bit better, as it was quite pricy.  Like most tourist attractions, you can't bring your own food or drinks, even if it is Vegas where one could get intoxicated on the strip itself!Happy high rolling!
2	It would be a four for the view but the organization is terrible.  For the price of $35, they should try to ensure that people are not crowded in, so that there isn't a crowd that stands in front of the best view for the entire ride.By the time we got to the top, we only waited about 7 minutes.  I wouldn't have minded waiting a bit longer if they tried not cramming in a bunch of people.There's one main reason people ride this thing - the VIEW!  They should work to deliver on this.It has the makings of a worthwhile ride but it isn't.
4	With sweeping views of the mountains, the desert, and the strip, this is a great idea for a first time Vegas visitor.One of my my travel companions was a first time Vegas visitor, so we did this excursion for her benefit. To save a little cash, we purchased the day pass and were surprisingly pleased with the view. In fact, as a Vegas veteran, I'd say the daytime view is preferable over the night time as you can see so much more of the topography around the city. The pod itself looks very Jetson-y. It very slowly creepy pasts the entrance line and you walk on. A pod can fit 40 but I thought my pod with about 20 people, a beer cart with a bartender was comfortable if not cozy. Just be sure you like the people in your pod because the ride is about 30 minutes- no gettin' off! And no bathrooms on the pods either- don't drink too much!
5	Had a great time & the views were awesome. Go before 6:00 & save yourself some money & if you drink do the happy hour for an additional $5.00. Went on a Monday around 5:30 & had a short wait & did not need to buy drinks at the bar since we had happy hour tickets. We had 24 of us in the pod & our group of 4 was each able to get 4 drinks apiece in the 30 minute ride. 4 drinks for an additional $5 or a drink from the bar where prices started at $7.00 your choice.
1	Warning:  Do not waste your money!   This was the most boring ride!  I would not do again even if it was free!   Of course it was expensive.  We went after 6pm when it is $35/adult.  Luckily the night we were it was "ladies night" so my ticket was just $19.  Thankfully, kids under 12 are free so the damage could have been much worse.There was about a ten minute wait to buy tickets and then a 10-15 minute wait to get into our "pod".  The pod is large and could probably fit 40 people.  Our pod was nice and roomy with only about 20 people inside.  There was plenty of room to move about and take pictures.  But take pictures of what?  Until the pod gets up to the top there is not much of a view.  Even when you do get to the top, you get to see lights and hotels.  I just really did not find those sights to be very interesting or exciting.  This activity was weak for the kids as well. They though it would be like a gigantic ferris wheel but they were greatly disappointed.  I noticed some other reviewers complained about the "lame video". I actually found the video to be moderately entertaining because there was nothing else to do!  I could not even Yelp as my phone battery was dying!I know this is Vegas and I don't mind paying the high Vegas prices for an activity that is enjoyable.  This is not one of those activities. The only thing High Roller would be good for is as a substitute for a sleeping pill!
3	It's pretty neat. We went on Black Friday and they had a two-for-one deal so the price wasn't too bad. But if we had to pay full price it would not have been worth it. But, on the whole, it was pretty cool. The views are really good of the strip and the surrounding Las Vegas area. Pictures don't turn out so good because the glass on the inside tends to be smudged. Also, lots of drunk douche bags, but that's pretty much par for the course in Las Vegas.The biggest drawback is definitely the price. It's very expensive.
4	Great view of the strip at night. You could pay extra for an all you can drink bar furbished compartment. It took 30 minutes to complete the ride. You will be placed on the ride with others. The walk leading up to the high roller was a nice break from the strip.
4	Slow Motion aerial pods for a moderately exceptional view of Las Vegas. These pods all need a glass floor, fresh air and a free drink to be considered cash paying cool.FUN FACT: Tallest Farris Wheel in the world by THREE INCHES... It better be a High Roller to get lady luck off on just three inches!
3	Too expensive for what it is. Each ticket for a ride during the evening is almost $40. It was cool to experience, but it's definitely overpriced. I don't think I'll ever visit the High Roller again.
5	I went with a large group on Saturday around 8pm. We purchased our tickets from the outdoor kiosk and passed the other ticket line. The wait time was not bad at all (10 mins) but I believe it was because most of the people in line were not doing the open bar option so we were put ahead.$45 at the door/$39 on living social.Our bartender Francis is a cool guy! Beautiful view with pretty lights. A lot of long island iced teas! The ride did seem to go by faster than expected. Without the Happy Hour option, it would have not been as ecstatic. Overall, good experience and friendly staff.
4	One of those things in Vegas Definitely worth doing at least once! Amazing view! We paid a little extra for the car with the full bar inside-all you can drink for the 30 min ride. Great views of all the sights of Las Vegas.
4	Being the newest cool thing in Las Vegas, you expect a lot from an attraction. The High Roller did not disappoint! We had scored some discount "bar-car" tickets on living social, so that was a bonus. Unlimited drinks during the ride with ample room for you and about twenty of your friends, a bartender that's eager to please, and views from 500 feet, what's not to like? Each voyage lasts about 30 mins, so don't be in a rush, check out the views of the ever growing and changing town and enjoy!There's a commentator on video monitors throughout your pod giving little tidbits of info that's sure to please those that don't drink, and once you get close to the top, there's a count down to the top-- for us we all toasted a shot that the bartender made special. Definitely worth the trip when you visit the Quad
2	Meh, boring.  It's one of those attractions where you go in it and then think, this is it?  You just check it off the list.  Been there, done that and don't need to do it again.  At $35 for a half hour trip around the wheel, I would say it was overpriced.  Yes there is a great view of Las Vegas and it's better to go at night with all the lights.  It's SOOOOO slow.  If you are worried about getting sick or it being like a thrill ride, it isn't like that.  It's an observation wheel.  It had just opened  about a month before we were on it and there were hardly any people going on it.  I think the price is to blame.
4	Don't pay full price. Check groupon, living social or travel zoo for deals. I lucked out and travelzoo had a cyber Monday special, and we got the nighttime happy hour for $18, normally $45 which is a 1/2 hour ride plus an open bar.Drinks were not watered dow, as Stephen found out.  They had "almost" everything from beer to any mixed drink you want, and, of course pepsi products.  They did not have water, though, which was odd.The ride was nice, but not worth full price.  I also dinged them for not cleaning up the mess made by the prior ride.  Someone spilled their drink and left a soppy mess and a wet rag on the seat.  The staff took the rag, but never cleaned up the mess.I don't know if they couldn't see the mess (the capsule is dark) but it was clear there was a puddle on the bench.  I had to ask for the bartender to give me a stack of paper towels to wipe it down.
5	This was super fun! You can't even tell you're moving. The ride is very very smooth and you get to enjoy a fantastic view of Vegas. I recommend the night time rides and if you like to kick up the fun a little more, the happy half is totally worth it (open bar).
1	First off we are locals and take friends and family to the high roller every time someone is in town and want to try something new and different so this was our fifth time there.my.friend who came from NY bought happy hour tickets for all of us (10) but not for my girlfriend who is 6 months pregnant so she bought her own regular local pass (no alcohol included) Nad when we got to the pods this "guy" wanted to send her on a.diferent pod because she had a regular pass and not a all you can drink pass (cuz she us pregannat) so this idiot says or you all can ride with her on the regular pod......for the same (all you can drink price) or I'll just charge her (the pregnant lady) extra so she can ride with you all in the same pod......We paid the extra and had a great time there.....but his freaking attitude makes us all (vegas industry people) look like a - holes. ....We are not coming back ......thanks
4	They currently have locals specials every day -- $5 discounts on both day and evening tickets, with kids 6 and under riding free. The cost for me and my son to ride was less than $22. Not bad at all for a half hour ride. On Tuesdays locals can get 50% off. The entrance/exit to the High Roller is right by the base of it, on the east end of the Linq. On the weeknight we went there wasn't much of a line. We quickly purchased tickets and made our way to the pods all within a few minutes.Each pod can hold up to 40 people, but I like that they only loaded 6 other people into ours. There was plenty of space to walk around and check out the views from every angle. The pods sway very little, so even those that are afraid of heights may not feel the effects of being 550 feet up in the air.Going right around sunset provides amazing views of the valley with plenty of photo ops. It's great to do once, but I'm sure I'll have to bring friends/family here whenever they're in town. Parking is available for free in the lot east of the High Roller, but the most convenient way to park is to use the valet located at the base of the observation wheel.
3	Ok so I finally got to check out the high roller with a friend who works for Caesar's Entertainment which means we walked on like a Boss for free. I went on a week night so it was a ghost town we shared our bubble with just three other people. I was hoping we had been alone as I had some Shenanigans in mind, lol. It was interesting and I am glad to have been able to check it out however is something you only need to experience once.  I took some cool photos, ours did not have a bar in it which is ok since we were planning on hitting up a bar afterwards for some sweet libations. Short story, been there done that and won't need seconds in this case.
3	It's good to try once in your life, but I can't see myself doing this again. It's a good thing we had a BOGO coupon.Pods are larger than they appear, so don't worry about overcrowding.You can easily get these high views by going to the stratosphere or any hotel that is higher than 40 stories high.Night views are better than day time views.
3	The view was nice. We purchased a Groupon for the open bar option. It may have saved money? But it was not worth it. Our pod was full, so the half hour ride amounted to getting ONE drink. It was either that or wait in line for the one bartender and miss all the views. It was pretty dead that night. It would have been nice if our group of 8 could have had our own ride to ourselves. Then it would have been worth it!
4	What made this experience awesome is we pretty much got the pod to ourselves.  It was only my husband, another couple and the bartender.  It was pretty roomy for us to walk around.  I can't imagine being in a crowded pod.  It wouldn't be much fun.  We went on a Thursday night at 7:20pm.  We had the all you can drink ticket.  It might be worth paying for it to be in a less crowded pod.  At least there will not be any kids.  The sad part, the bartender didn't know how to make a midori sour or any specialty drink.  She couldn't make me a margarita either. I was pretty disappointed.
2	This would have been a 5-star rating if not for the poor customer service of the person at the ticket window. I purchased a ticket at full price and as I was walking to the entrance I noticed a sign that said if I donated $5 and had a mustache (which I do) then I get to ride for free. So I go back to the window and ask why he did not inform me of this option. He then told me that I could get the deal, but that he was not authorized to issue a refund. Unfortunately, I was with a group of people and did not have the time to address this with a supervisor/manger. The ride and view were spectacular!I then emailed the main office a day later and explained the situation looking to get some feedback on how management would handle this and how they would prevent something like this in the future. It's been a week and still no response. I've been there and done that so I WILL NOT BE GOING THERE AGAIN.
5	Great views of the city! Also, the pods are not crowded at all. Even though it is pretty tall, you hardly noticed the ascent and descent. It is very smooth and subtle. Great experience!
5	I'll tell you what I remembered before I blacked out from drinking too much. 1st of all get the one that have a bar, unlimited drinking for 30 minutes "WORTH IT" 2nd go at night more beautiful at night, 3rd at 550ft... Wow. & 4th... That's all I remember. It was lights out for me. All I remember was walking into the MGM. My feet was hurting the next day.
3	My boyfriend and I went on the High Roller this past Thursday evening around 10pm. We used a groupon and were able to redeem it easily at guest services. There wasn't a wait at all when we went and we actually had an observation pod to ourselves. The pod next to us was the happy hour pod and it was PACKED with people - they looked like they could barely move. The groupon price is $69 which is basically the price of two night tickets - it's only a deal if you get the happy hour all-you-can-drink option ($109 for two), but beware that you might be packed in like sardines. There are two benches inside to sit down and you get a 360 degree view through the observation pod windows. It was pretty cool to see the strip all lit up from 550 feet up (if you get lucky you can see the bellagio water fountain show) and there's music playing but the ride is incredibly slow. The entire experience is 30-45 minutes and once you get to the top, coming down is pretty uneventful. There are some screens with a really corny narrator who gives you information about the ride - I wish there was an option to turn him off. We ended up going again on Saturday with my cousins who had free passes. I honestly wouldn't go again unless I was going for free but it's definitely something to experience.
4	A bit expensive. Very unique. A great view. Roomy pods. Not scary. A great experience. That's all I've got.
4	AMAZING VIEWS!!!! Great for couples, families, friends, anyone who wants to see Vegas from a different perspective. TICKETS - available online or on location, however it was slow season when we went so no need to buy in advance.HAPPY HOUR - these are not available when you purchase at the koisk/machine or online but you have to bring your ticket to the main entrance where they will UPGRADE you for the price difference. Regular night time ride is $35, Happy Hour is $45. The "cabins" are very large and can probably hold 20 people - but it was slow season so we only had about 12. There is a seat for everyone, but most people stand. The wheel moves VERY slowly, very calm and doesn't even feel like you're moving!! The entire ride lasts about 30 mins and the views are phenomenal. However, if you've stayed at the Cosmo, they have wrap around suites 60th floor and up, that have the same views. LOL. Great experience overall, definitely would recommend doing it once.
4	This is pretty similar to the London Eye in London (not that I've ever been but I've seen pictures).  We got the livingsocial deal so we got happy hour included for a pretty good price!  Its not that hard to find, you have to walk through the Linq Promenade (similar to 3rd street promenade in santa monica) and at the end you see this humongous wheel.  You can't miss it!  There's also "secret parking" behind the wheel.  There were really no lines so we got through pretty quickly and were ready to board.  We boarded with about 6-7 other people.  Our bartender was awesome and made drinks so quick.  Since its happy hour and open bar, you get to drink all you can.  I was able to get in about 7-8 drinks in before our 30 minute tour was over.  The views are beautiful and great!  You get to be on top of Vegas!  The wheel goes fairly slow so take your time and enjoy the view with that special someone.  Drink up!
3	For someone who has sky dived and still fear heights (they say it's best to conquer your fears by facing it... well, it didn't work for me) this was an exciting and yet scary experience for me. The ride is smooth but as it gets higher and higher so did my blood pressure and sweaty palms. Seemed like everyone else in our cabin was just fine - my family plus another family. Kids and adults were standing on the edge some even leaning against the rail which really made me nervous! The structure and engineer work looks impressive until I noticed there were two bolts missing attaching our cabin to the wheel (I'm sure it was by design but couldn't they have filled those holes?). Plus side -- views were great all around and my kids under 13 rode for free and we got $5 discounts off adult tickets. My recommendation for those who fear heights but still want to go on it, have a drink before going up. Oh and the on boarding off boarding part was interesting -- you walk up to the moving cabin with no safety railings in place (not really) just workers there to guide you -- think if you misstepped and fell over the edge oh man! Luckily there's a safety net in place, however you don't see it until you're in the cabin so you have to kind of take a leap of faith.
4	I'm struggling to give this 3 or 4 stars. I went for 4 because the ride was so much fun, but the ticketing process could be done much better. I bought tickets on Living Social for four Happy Half-hour rides. i bought four because we have 4 people who are of age, but one who is too young. I planned on buying the underage ticket on site. I had envisioned that we could all ride together knowing the youngest one could not drink. However, no one under 21 is allowed the bar cars, so we had to separate our party. Looking back, it is nice to not have crying, whining children in the car, but I didn't realize we were going to have to separate, so that was disappointing. When I went to purchase the youngest ticket there was a line to the ticket booth. I saw two ATMs which offer the option to purchase tickets. I tried one, but it wouldn't process my card. It seemed to have gotten stuck in the process. I went to the other one without any issues. It was easy. We then had to figure out how to get on the ride. There was another apparent entry so I went into the gift shop to ask someone where to enter. She showed me and said, "I'm not sure why those people are in line. That is where you buy tickets and get on." So we entered the area, through security and then headed upstairs to get in line. The attendant said he couldn't take my ticket through Living Social, so I had to go downstairs to exchange it. We went downstairs to the "group sales" area which was actually the backside of the long line of about 55 people in which there was only one person selling the tickets. Another person came to help, but was distracted by 3 others, obviously not enough staff to sell tickets and help guests. This was a Friday night during the holiday break. Finally we were told to go to the LINQ concierge. We then headed there were we found out we had to split our tickets. My husband volunteered to ride with our daughter, so I rode with our other children. We then had to enter the line again, through security and then got on the pod. We arrived at bartender changing time so we had to wait for the bartender to set the bar as she liked. She, Cheryl, was great and willing to serve and really didn't stop pouring for the rest of the trip around. We were able to see the lights. I'm sure we got our money's worth, but now I know what to expect from ticketing I'll be more prepared in the future. Since we are locals and anticipate company, we'll probably be going again.
5	We did the happy half hour during the day. Even if you plan to buy 1 drink getting the bar pod is worth it. At night the bartender says it can get crazy and packed so go if you like a jam packed party go at night. We liked the relaxing ride in the daylight while sipping a couple cocktails. Fun ride, worth the $.
5	So much fun and a great way to see the city lights! I highly recommend going at night. Las Vegas is beautiful. Although, I may be a little biased since I was born and raised there.
4	$34.95 a person (night price) for a 30 minute tour above the Vegas Strip (or the back of the strip).  Great views at night.We went on 12/27/2014 around 9pm and there wasn't much of a wait.  There are a lot of switchbacks when it is crowded, so the company prepared well.  After you buy your ticket, you go up an escalator, then through a hallway where you can have your picture taken (on a green screen), so the company can place the ferris wheel behind you, then you have a chance to buy a drink and use the restrooms (and I suggest you do one or both), then through switchbacks, then outside and you can see the giant pods.  You wait to be corralled into another waiting area, then you wait for your turn to go inside.Since there weren't too many people when we went, they filled the cabin with about 12 people.  It was comfortable to move around in the pod and the tinted windows allowed you to take pictures without too much color variation.The ferris wheel moves slowly, so you can take in the views.  There is a virtual host who tells you facts about the ride, some about the city, and towards the end shows you a time-lapse video of the making of the High Roller.  Once you make a 360 in the pod, you exit the other side and walk down the path to the gift shop (of course).  The first part of the gift shop is where you can see the picture that you took right after going up the escalator.  They give you a number to easily retrieve your photo.  We didn't buy one.That's it.  You exit to the alley with shops and restaurants.Please see my pictures.Xie Xie!!
5	Totally breathtaking!  At the apex you're 550 feet above the strip. You can see everything. Must do!  The only thing I would do different is doing it at night.
5	Loved it, kids loved it, scared of heights wifey loved it too. The first time we had the whole thing to ourselves Which was very cool.  There is a deal on living social where you get the open bar for the same price, maybe next time without the kids.
4	Now I can say I've been on the largest ferris wheel in the world! (:Bought the LivingSocial deal for $25/person which includes a 30 min ride & "happy hour" which means all you can drink open bar!  Whats not to love about that?!The only thing the LivingSocial deal doesn't tell you is that the tickets are FIRST COME FIRST SERVE!  Wish I had known that because my boyfriend and I sped walked from Cosmo to Linq within 15 mins only to find that they were SOLD OUT!! *WORD OF ADVICE* purchase your ticket early and come back later when it's time.Each pod holds about 10-15 people and there are some with and without the bar. The ride is 30 mins but it goes by QUICK, especially if you're drinking inside.  The view was a bit disappointing but I should've expected it since the ferris wheel is placed behind the strip overlooking a ton of garages & parking lots.  Nevertheless, still a good photo op!If you purchase the deal with the "all you can drink", you will find yourself your own personal bartender inside the pod with you.  Best part is, the drinks were STRONG!  Just name your drink & he'll make it for you--but don't forget to tip!Within 30 mins, my boyfriend and I managed to get 3 Jack & cokes, 2 Pineapple Vodkas, 3 shots of whatever he poured us at the end and a can of beer.  Not bad ;)This really is just a one-time thing but it would be fun for a pregaming event if you have a big group with you!
5	This is a must when visiting Las Vegas. The entire cycle takes 30 minutes, providing ample time to take a lot of photos. This is probably my favorite attraction in Vegas right now. The High Roller is the largest observation wheel in the World. There are two different prices for day and night. Its a bit on the high side for an attraction that takes less than an hour of your day to complete, but its worth the experience. Great for kids! The wheel moves very slowly, and there is many other people in the "pod" providing a safe environment for families. The High Roller is very close to a Las Vegas Monorail stop.
4	Must-see in Vegas.I thought I would be disappointed, but they did a great job here. Better than the London Eye, and one of the best observation decks (not just ferris wheels) in the world.Pros:1) Vegas has been lacking a great observation area to see the whole city from high up. I suppose you could do this from the top of Paris or the Stratosphere, but neither was appealing to me. Go at 530pm when it is the cheaper day rate but you get the better night view.2) This one is pleasant the entire 30 minutes (versus a traditional boring line for 25 minutes followed by only 5 minutes with a view). I like how it is constant and very smooth motion (versus stopping for each capsule to load/unload).3) Better than the ride/view, I like what the High Roller does for the skyline. The LED lighting could have been really annoying but instead it is very smart. There's a wide variety of lighting combos/patterns, and it does not rotate predictably. The lighting transition is smooth and not jerky, and it substantially improves the back side of the Strip.Cons:1) If you have a Living Social or Groupon voucher, you must first go to the Concierge desk in the middle of the Linq Promenade (across from the restrooms). We didn't know and waited in line in the freezing wind for 20 minutes at the High Roller guest services window, only to be told to go wait in a different line. 2) It's hard to take a sharp picture, esp. at night. The glass is curved and you get glare at any angle. Also, the thing moves constantly, and there's a lot of people in the way (and their reflections).3) The capsules serving alcohol sound like a good idea, but it means you are trapped in a small bubble with 40 drunks.
4	I liked it! Selfie heaven! hahaThe ride is about 30min and you should stick to your front ride side seatings (bc it has the best view.)Its $35 pp but if you pay $10pp more, you can get the pod with a full bar inside and its UNLIMITED drinks for the duration of the ride. If you get shots, im sure you can get few drinks in 30min.
5	I bought my ticket thru Groupon and chose the happy hour option. Our bartender was great, had 5 drinks throughout my ride. The view at night was gorgeous, it was great seeing Vegas and the strip from a different angle.
5	This is terrific and much better than it looks. Not that it doesn't look fine. But it is bigger and goes MUCH higher than you would ever anticipate looking at it. I've done it  twice now, with different groups, both times at night. Each time everyone was amazed by the views, by the actual machine, by everything. If you are wavering... just do it, it is worth it!
4	This is good to try once.  It takes about 30 minutes to go around the whole wheel.  We were lucky we went during the noon hour where it wasn't too busy.  My friend and I had a car all to ourselves.
4	We got tickets for two at 5:30 when the sun is setting. It's a perfect time for all you can drink happy hour! The ride is about 30 minutes with about 20 people in each pod. It's a wonderful place to take out of towners for an amazing view of the strip.
5	Outstanding in every way possible. A MUST FOR EVERYONE!
3	For $35 this was just ok. I tried to find some good deals on Living Social and Groupon  but I couldn't. The ride is only 30 minutes long but anything more than 30 minutes would've been too long. I mainly came up here to take pictures. However, that was difficult because the windows are glass with no way to open them and that the glass was dirty. I turned off my camera flash but that only helped a little bit.
2	The ride doesn't worth the money. It costs $25 at day time and $35 at night time. A $2 fee per ticket was charged at the ticket booth. It was crowded. There were about 30 people in the pod. During the ride, the people were standing on the strip side and blocking the view. They don't want to walk around and look at the other side. I saw the people with different hair styles. :(I think it is better to spend the money to upgrade the hotel room, go up to the Eiffel Tower or take the helicopter ride.
4	High Roller was really cool, though the video "tour guide" was a bit obnoxious and annoying. You pay $35 for a 30 minute ride on a massive ferris wheel. If you pay a bit more (and ask for it), you can do the happy hour car, which had I known about before we paid, I would have opted for that! It looked like if you wait for the happy hour car, you end up waiting a little bit longer. The view is really cool! I went at night, so all the lights were on, and it was quite impressive. I got a bunch of cool pictures, though the glass on the car is not flat, so there was some distortion, plus it was dirty so the photos look that way. Overall, I had a good time. Definitely a one time thing, though.
4	High in the sky at 550 feet In the air! Taking a ride on the giant temperature controlled observation wheel with floor to ceiling windows is pricey, but the views of the city are breathtaking.I bought a Groupon deal for $69 for VIP ride package for 2, plus 2-for-1 souvenir drinks and 15% off 1 regularly priced item or photo in the sky retail shop. The Groupon was a great deal for the ride for 2 and BOGO souvenir drink. We passed on purchasing the souvenir photo since it looked super cheesy and photoshopped.We tried to get there in time for a sunset ride, but there was a line and also a brief boarding wait, so we missed it. I quickly forgot my disappointment when we saw the glimmering lights of the strip and the city from above. The evening views though! The city lights twinkling at night are gorgeous and give you butterflies in your stomach.It takes 30 minutes to complete a full revolution during which you get an eagle-eyed view of The Strip and beyond. The strip view was our favorite, but we did also enjoy panoramic views of the rest of the city. If you are a Vegas local, this experience is a perfect way to appreciate the jazzy city and beautiful desert topography you live in. Forty people can fit into a single observation pod, but they do a pretty good job of not stuffing the pods so that you have room to comfortably move about the space. On our trip there were less than 15 people in the spacious pod. Just remember that ticket prices increase after 7pm (because the views and lights of the city are better at night)Of course make sure to take lots of pictures, but remember to take the time to be in the moment with your loved ones and enjoy the experience! It's a memorable journey to the top! Side note: our TV host (television spokesperson of the ride) was totally corny. Let's just say #90sgameshowhostwannabe. The music selection was mainly top 40's and also very cliche but I suppose it makes the trip a little more lighthearted and eases nerves for people who have the fear of heights.
5	Best way to pre game and try something new/see a view? Go on a Happy Hour ride!Make sure you check groupon/other sites for deals! $35 for all you can drink for 30 minutes and 1 to go!Came here during the night with 2 friends using a groupon and a living social deal, we each paid $35. This was going to be our pregame before a night of clubbing so we drank, A LOT.We had 2 patron shots (not silver though), 1 cosmo, 1 margarita, and 1 margarita to go. However, I was done after all of this and had to go back to the hotel :( No clubbing for me that night. And yes, they can give shots!The view: Meh, it's fun to do if you've never done it before, but I probably won't do it again. There wasn't any music in the ball, it was mostly advertisement for the high roller and info about it.Pro-tip: If you're gonna come in here and get 1 beer, skip the happy hour and take a regular one please? More room for us people who are trying to get our money's worth in drinks :p
2	I hate to say it, but a giant Ferris wheel ride overlooking a city used to be a novelty, but with more and more of them being built, they are becoming a one and done type deal. Having ridden the London Eye, the High Roller, is a nice knock off that has made some improvements, especially on the pod design.Price:Pricing varies. There are a handful of options, i.e. Happy Hour, Resident Discount Day, Daytime/Nighttime , etc. I would look for discount tickets and not pay full price for the experience.View:The view is some what boring. I wouldn't say that you have the best view of the strip as it is off back by the monorail a little ways from the Flamingo. I felt that you get better views if you visit Paris' Eiffel TowerPod:The pod does have two benches to sit, but the number of seats are limited. Depending on who your with, as the can hold 20+ people, it can feel tight and the people you are with can be a bit of a pain to deal with for 30+ minutes. You are also held captive to the stupid video with an annoying host. Some of the facts are interesting, but there is no mute button.Tips:- Best spot to stand for the best view is once you enter, is on the right side near where you enter the pod-Tune your flash off on you camera/phone, and if after the ump-tenth time your picture ends up blurry, you might just want to give up and enjoy the ride- Go to the bathroom prior to getting in line. They do have a small one behind the drink counter prior to entering the ticket scanning line.
