5	Pamela's is awesome breakfast. It's a traditional American diner, but they have these awesome hot cakes that are crispy on the outside and soft and tender on the inside.....Their other breakfast specials are really good too - I had eggs and sausage that came with hot cakes and the whole meal was under $6. The service here was also unbelievably attentive. They had a person devoted to refilling coffee cups and the restaurant is just not that big, so she came around constantly. I highly recommend Pamela's - some of the best breakfast that I've had in a while....
5	If I had to pick one thing that I missed most about Pittsburgh it would be Pamela's. I love breakfast and they do it right. I do think that this is the best location, after breakfast or brunch you can stroll through Shadyside. Sometimes you do have to wait but its never been outrageous and I'm not sure if I've ever had anything I didn't like!  My husband prefers the Oakland location but Shadyside is my pick.  (Its because of the shopping, I won't lie.)
4	I love pams!
2	Breakfast is always good. But too much Pamela's seems greasy. You can cook it all at home for much cheaper. However, the pricing really is low when you're lazy. The wait is ridicious at times. I would recommend the Shadyside location over the other two. It's more clean and better parking. Cash only.
3	kinda overrated because its like the only brunch place in the immediate area... wait is always long and food is pretty mediocre... plus shady side has really declined as a shopping district... BR has gone pretty useless now that its so expensive... who would pay $17 for a thin T-shirt made in malaysia?
5	Pamela's crepe style pancakes contain six honks of butter, and they've been unrivaled in my quest for the perfect pancake. They're fluffy in the middle, get progressively crispy toward the edges, and are a great prelude to a Sunday afternoon nap. Man, if a former worker wants to sell me the recipe, I promise not to sell it to IHOP for several hundred million dollars. Please, you can trust me!
4	Pancakes!  What can I say, but pancakes, pancakes, and more pancakes!  Because I'm a type-1 diabetic, I have to plan before and after if I eat a meal here!  Pump that insulin, Susan, pump!  I have to watch the carbs when I eat here.  But Pamela's has the best pancakes in Pittsburgh!  But if for some reason my BGs are acting wacky--and believe me, they do--there are plenty of other dishes to order here.  I like their eggs, including plain ol' scrambled eggs and fried eggs.  The coffee here is decent, but if you order during off-hours, it can be a little burnt.  Yes, the wait times here are legendary, but if ya want eggs or cakes, this place is it!
5	Oh my lord!!! If Pamela's had existed (in any of its Pittsburgh incarnations: Shadyside, Squirrel Hill, Oakland, Millvale, the Strip, and most recently Mt. Lebanon), I  NEVER, EVER woulda left my hometown...I mean, what would that unturndownable job offer from my company's headquarters in CT have meant when I could have remained a homie downing pancakes or omelets or tasty lunch items (ah, but when you do get lunch at Pamela's, however wonderful, I guarantee you that you'll eye the pancakes of other diners that if said diners snapped you with their cell cameras, you'd be ridiculed on You Tube within minutes---cast in the unenviable role as gluttonness (gluttoness?)!!!I've stood in line at Pamela's, I've turned in my name with my "party" and gone off to fetch coffee a few doors down to pretend for awhile that I wasn't starving, yet the past few times I had the pleasure of sitting down ("Please seat yourself"--that is what the sign read) immediately.  What a luxury!  Of course, the most recent of these times  (four of them, not that I counted--on two different trips: May, 2008, and July, 2008) occurred between 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. on weekdays.Okay: two more things.  1) Pamela's cash register displays a sign: Cash Only...so don't try to give 'em a check, debit or credit card.  Have some $$ ready...2) Craig B.,  I must ask: what are "honks of butter"?
2	We were visiting Pittsburgh and decided to try out Pamela's for breakfast due to all the great reviews.  Either their aren't many good breakfast joints or people have a very different taste there.  We found the food to be greasy and not particularly good.  I like the idea of thinner crepe style pancakes, but these just don't taste good.  On top of it all, the coffee was horrible.  Try DeLuca for a diner experience or Crepe Parisiennes for a good crepe and coffee instead.
5	Some of the best breakfast you'll find.  The crepe pancakes are unique and good.  Everything comes in large-but-reasonable portions, and everything is reasonably priced.  The service is fast and friendly.  The line is understandably long at times.The secret to the crepe pancakes, and the potatoes, is a *lot* of butter and/or oil.  They aren't really very healthy choices.  Pamela's only has mixed fruit jelly for some reason, as something tasty doesn't fit the budget?  That said, you don't order fried potatoes and pancakes as health foods, and one can forgive them the mixed fruit.  5 stars, because you're not going to find a better breakfast-only place.
5	My favorite breakfast, ever. The portions are a good size. Crepe style pancakes, fried eggs and homefries are great.  Actually, everything is great.  I particularly recommend the strawberry pancakes.   Yes, you will stand in line in the cold for a while and it is cash only.  But it is oh so tasty.  Pamela's is probably what I miss most about Pittsburgh.
5	Pamela's is an institution in Pittsburgh.  I tend to be more of a savory eater than a sweets guy, but this place does really well on both.  On the savory side, Pamela's makes very competent omelets and gives plenty of options on egg whites only/eggbeaters.  The most famous aspect of their savory foods is the "hash browns" which have some spices/herbs that almost taste like  a super mild and buttery Indian Masala.  They are really really great--ask for them to make them extra crispy.  On the sweet side, their crepe-esque pancakes are delicious.  As mentioned, I am not much of a sweets guy, but after my omelet, I do enjoy sneaking a bite or two off of the edge of my wife or child's buttery, mapley pancakes.  In Shadyside, don't be surprised to see Lynn Swann, and expect to wait for a table on a Saturday or Sunday.
5	I am not a pancake person and I absolutely adore their pancakes. Their other food is just as good if not better. Pamela's is a true gem. Breakfast is easy to make, but hard to do right. They exceed my expectations almost every time.
5	Pamela's is an East End institution.  Let's face it: if you've grown up, went to school or currently live in the area, you've probably spent a Sunday devoring forkfuls of Pamela's unique and delicious brand of pancake.  They are thin, crepe-like a little on the greasy side (in a good way). Quick service make up for the long lines.  Weekend specials are a must have.  My favorite is  the chocolate chip banana pancakes.  There is no place like Pamela's, anywhere.
3	Definitely a great place to go if you've had a long night of drinking. They even have a special called the "Morning After Breakfast". I found the food greasy, and the pancakes, I wish they had a more regular style. But it's a great place to meet up and catch up with friends! It is cash-only, btw.
5	Yes, the line runs out the door but you better believe it is worth the wait.  We had a table of three and we waited no longer than 10 minutes.  The chocolate chip banana pancakes are heavenly!! Everything comes out quick, fast and in a hurry which is imperative when you get into this place and your mouth starts drooling over your neighbors' meals.  The coffee is just so-so but honestly who cares in this case.  Enjoy!!
4	Best breakfasts in the Pittsburgh area.  Just make sure to bring cash - they don't take credit.
2	Been to the one in Sq. Hill were there is often a line in the morning on nice weekend days. I've only been there when there was no line and I despise myself each time I finish my food thinking "I could have gone home and put extra scoop of lard on my eggs and it would have cost less than 1/4 of what I payed at Pamela's".
5	Great portions, homey service, homey atmosphere, reasonable prices. Classic.
5	ooooooohhh-bama had the right idea by ordering the pancakes.  they're unbelievable...  strawberries wrapped in thin rolls of buttery goodness swimming in cream.  eff yeah!  decadent and down-right delicious.  my breakfast date raved about the corned beef hash, stating that it was quite possibly the best she's ever had (and she orders it every time we go out for breakfast).if i'm going to put pamela's into the regular rotation, i going to have to seriously start running more.
4	Wow I couldn't even eat all my bacon cheese omelette, home fries, and rye toast, and it still kept me full from 11, when I had brunch, to 9PM!  Usually I hate homefries, but these were great!  I think I can only go here like once a year though, to prevent my heart from exploding.
5	Great place for breakfast! Love the crepes and corn beef hash. They don't take credit cards so bring cash. Parking can be tough. Wish they would expand a bit. Great food and service!
4	Patrons from all over Pittsburgh come to enjoy Pamela's thin and delicious pancakes, huge servings of home fries and three egg omelets - and they should.The first of the Pamela's family, this Shadyside staple has been around long before owners Gail Klingensmith and Pamela Cohen decided to branch out across Pittsburgh.  Since 1980, Pamela's has been voted "Best Breakfast" by Pittsburgh's City Paper survey.  Not to mention the diner's modest flare received the White House's "Presidential approval."  In the fall, while President Obama was on the campaign trail, he ate breakfast at Pamela's.  He loved the crepe-style pancakes so much, he asked Klingensmith and Cohen to prepare a Memorial Day breakfast at the White House for him and dozens of American troops!  Now, that's a good pancake!I've sampled just about everything on the breakfast menu and, after eight years of patronage, my favorite is still the strawberry hotcakes.  These thinly poured crepes are laid flat, then rolled around a delicious combination of strawberries, brown sugar and sour cream, topped off with a nice dab of whipped cream to truly send your sugar levels through the roof.  They're simple, delicious and just enough not to feel "stuffed."The egg and omelet plates come with home fries (chunky sliced potatoes with what appears to be approximately 1/4 small white onion and a 1/2 lb of butter per serving) and your choice of toast.   The spinach and feta omelet with rye is a decent combination.  But as a warning, these plates are not for the weak.  For smaller appetites, they do offer fresh fruit bowls, egg white plates and a variety of a la carte items.  The space is typical of older Walnut Street buildings with typical diner flare - simple painted brick with tables bolted to the walls.  On weekends, the room get's pretty cramped.  (A note to parents with small children: if you have large strollers, it may be a good idea to either leave them in the car or ensure they pack neatly in the corner.)  If you get there around 11:00 a.m. the wait can run you about 30 minutes or more, and there's literally one small bench to sit at while inside.  Weekday crowds are much lighter.  Parking can be found on the street, or in the metered parking lot located behind the building.  There's no need to feed street meters on Sundays.  All in all, this diner is a classic.  It's managed to outlive a lot of other local businesses while the larger corporate chains have moved on the street.  Perhaps it's the presidential influence, perhaps because it's "cash only," but I think it's because the food is good, down-home cooking.
4	Woah. Thank goodness for yelp. That's how I learned about this breakfast gem. The boy just moved to PA so we went out foraging for breakfast, but before I did, I did a quick Yelp search. We headed to Pamela's as soon as I saw the reviews. There were about 15 people hovering outside so went in to put our name down. Here's my only complaint. We waited patiently in the line while people paid to put our names down, but then about 6 people just cut in front of the line, which was a bit rude. The seating is tight, but the atmosphere diner-esque. Upon the walls are some differing varieties of art (some for sale, no less). The menu, while not particularly health-conscious, was heavy on eggs and pancakes. We went with the specialty pancakes, banana-walnut and choc. chip.  Both were delicious. I really wanted to and tried to finish mine, but I just couldn't man up. The other complaint, which is of no-fault of the restaurant, was the mother of teenage boys next to use who repeatedly started screaming at them and causing quite the scene. Despite the deliciousness of the food, things got tense for a while. I think the next time I have a serious pankcake-hankering, I'll find myself wishing Boston had a Pamela's.
5	We met a group of friends at Pamela's for brunch, it was my first time at the restaurant and I loved it. This no-frills place serves the best pancakes that I have eaten in a long time. I had their Blueberry pancakes as part of my breakfast combo. My friends had the strawberry pancakes and the french toast with walnuts. All three dishes were delicious (my mouth is watering just thinking about that meal). The pancakes are sort of in between flapjacks and crepes, and the blueberries (fresh ones) were folded into the pancake with sour cream  and brown sugar (which complimented the blueberries beautifully).  The rest of my breakfast was tasty too, but nothing to write home about, especially compared to the pancakes. They get very crowded and they will not seat you until your entire party is ready to be seated. Also, they do not accept credit cards (CASH ONLY).
4	The breakfast special here should be enough for most people. The pancakes are great. The service is generally very good too. The only bummer is the lines for this location (and all Pamela's locations in fact) are super long around brunch/lunch times.
4	delicate and fluffy jussssssst the way i like 'em! wait wasnt tooo bad (5-10 min maybe). its short if its just 2 ppl.i had the choc chip cookie pancake - melts in your mouth son!def put me into a nice cozy nap mood tho. peep it out at least once.
4	When I'm in a new city, I like to find a good breakfast place where I can take my friends or visit myself when I'm actually up during breakfast time. Pamela's is the place for breakfast in Pittsburgh. The other reviews are correct, though sometimes the pancakes can be a bit too greasy for breakfast fare and other times it can be a hit or miss between this location and the Squirrel Hill location. Half a star for that, and half a star for being cash only. If you can look past that, it's definitely a 5 star place. In other news, my pick for San Jose is Stacks and my pick for St. Louis is Rooster.
4	I walked over to Pamela's for take out breakfast while I waited for my friends to pick me up for our friend's wedding.I decided to get the breakfast special -- sausage, scrambled eggs, and regular hotcakes. I waited only 15 minutes for my order and I overheard one of the managers say that Pamela's was featured in People's magazine. Not sure if it was in a past, latest, or  future issue, but it made me look forward to breakfast even more and I definitely thought it lived up to the hype. I quickly gambled up the sausage and scrambled eggs, but those hotcakes were AWESOME! They were thin like crepes and with butter and syrup, it was drool worthy. On my first bite I literally said, "Hmmm..." With the breakfast special, if you pay an extra $2, you can get one a stack of the specialty hotcakes (blueberry, chocolate chip, strawberry, or banana walnut).The only downside of this place is that it is cash only.
5	If God ate breakfast, this is where he would go! The only thing you should order if this is your first time is the Strawberry Hotcakes! Be prepared to go into diabetic shock and a food coma immediately after wards! Good stuff!
5	any time im in pittsburgh i have to stop at pamela's.  it's an absolute staple!the decor is more stimulating than the coffee (which, mind you, is awesome) and both work hand in hand to yank you out of your hangover (there's also something about pittsburgh that inspires beer consumption).  must tries: the pancakes and the hash browns.  awesome!
3	Clean place.  Pancakes a bit too buttery for my taste (and health!).  But the vibe was good, and people were enjoying themselves, so I'd go back again - just wouldn't order the pancakes!
3	I think it's the lack of breakfast places in Pittsburgh that makes Pamela's so popular. I couldn't find anything special here except the value. You really get a lot of food for you money, and it's pretty good food, but it's not spectacular. I'll go on a weekday, but the wait on weekends isn't worth it. I can just stay home and eat cereal, thank you.
5	you must come here, and you may even want to dedicate 2 separate breakfast/brunch meals here! hotcakes are the specialty, and you can get them a variety of ways. they're really good plain, but also super delish with the stuff in it (ie banana choco chip, blueberry, strawberry). personal fav is the strawberry or plain. i usually get plain hotcakes sans butter, and sprinkle granulated sugar on =)other things to try: corned beef hash is yummmmy. out of all the pamela's, i like this one the best. this is also the place i mist most from pitts=( it's soooooooooo greasy delicious awesome.
5	I have been in search of pancakes likethis since a visit to Seatlle. Thes pancakes are so thin and wonderfullycrispy around the edges, yummy! It was 19 degrees outside yet people were still waiting to eat at Pamela's.If your ever in Pittsburgh make this a muston your list. We will be returning for breakfastbefore our trip is over! You don't want to miss out on this great little place.Anyone know fof a place like this in Orange County, California?
4	All the positive reviews speak for itself! If you're in the area, you should definately check it out!  The portions are good decent sized -  I went there with a friend and we ended up sharing the Choc chip/banana pancake and the ham and cheese omelette.  Of the diners I've been to, the home fries here have the most flavored. I honestly didn't even have to use the salt. Maybe just a pinch of pepper for added taste.My only complaint is the limited amt of space in the restaurant. I hope they consider expanding because space is tight!  We went in the only day with winter coats, scarves, gloves and I felt like I had no room to breathe..  Plus, the distance between tables are so close that I ended up putting my coat and all misc stuff on my lap.  The two person tables are so small when you have coffee jug, condiments, syrup, large plates of food, etc etc.  You get the picture..Overall, I would rate the place with only 3 stars considering all things.. However, the 4 stars reflect the food rating.
3	The hotcakes were good but not special enough for a trip across town or a long wait.  My bacon is thin, wimpy, and burnt.  Any respectable breakfast place should have thick, brown, crispy, flat bacon.
4	New life goal: eat at every Pamela's in Pittsburgh.Justifiably famous for their hotcakes, Pamela's is probably one of the best diners ever. Even when Obama visited the 'Burgh last year he stopped in. By the cashier, there's a picture of him flashing a giant smile, flanked by whom I'm assuming are the owners. (He went to the one on the Strip -- I asked.)This particular location is in the Walnut Street shopping district, and it's not terribly large. It's not as funky as the Oakland area Pamela's, but the food is just as good. Upstairs is an unrelated Peruvian shop/cafe, which doesn't seem to serve food on Sundays.At about 11:30 AM Sunday morning, on Valentine's Day no less, the wait here was only half an hour. Not bad! The crowd seemed to have doubled by the time my party and I left. Originally we had wanted to go to the Oakland one but it was a total mob scene and tried this location instead.The Food: Fattening, delicious, huge and cheap: every diner should aspire to this! They don't serve lunch specials on Sundays, which is fine because all we wanted were the hotcakes! We all got breakfast specials ($6.75 for 2 eggs any style, 2 hotcakes and ham or sausage or bacon) and were allowed to substitute home fries or toast for the meat options. For $2 extra you could substitute a specialty hotcake. HUGE HUGE HUGE PORTIONS. Two separate gigantic dinner plates were needed for 1) eggs and home fries and 2) hotcakes which took up the entire plate. I made the mistake of spreading butter on top of my regular hotcakes, which I didn't realize were already approximately 50% butter in the first place. They're thinner and crispier than your average pancake and a little too salty but still good. The speciality hotcakes are more crepe-like in that they're stuffed with the filling of your choice and whipped cream and then rolled up. Whoa.Coffee's kind of weak. The servers are the sweetest people you'll ever meet. Cash only.
5	New Yorkers.... if you like Clinton St. Bakery, this is Pittsburgh's answer. Their pancakes are the best I ever had. I had banana walnut once that was unbelievable. I am a sucker for corned beef hash and this was the best I've had as well. Really, this place is a national treasure.
1	After waiting in line for about twenty minutes our group was seated.  The place was completely packed.  It looked like someone's basement or garage with tables in it.  Various photos adorned the walls.  I tried the world famous hot cakes.  They were delicious, except I only ate 1/4 of them since there was a very long hair wrapped around the hot cake.  Pamela's turned out to be a waste of money for me and I left hungry.There's nothing THAT great about Pamela's.  It's like breakfast at most any other diner.
5	Absolutely delicious pancakes. I can't wait to return to Pittsburgh for these pancakes. The word on the street is, Obama loves Pamela's too. But how could anyone not?
4	Whenever I am back in Pittsburgh, I always try to get to Pamela's for breakfast.  There's one in Millville that is easier to get into on a Saturday.  The 5 other places are incredibly popular..Witness most of these current reviews.  The lines to get in are intimidating.  One would think if you waited until 11:00 AM,  it would be better...Nope.The only pancakes I've ever had like Pamela's can be found at the excellent Original Pancake House chain..Their 49'er pancakes are the equal of Pamela's.  Pamela's is unique.  Their hash browns are very different as well.  Almost creamy in texture.  The two women who started this chain came up with these two recipes and it formed the basis of one of Pittsburgh's most successful restaurants.Hopefully one day, a former cook will give us their recipes.
1	Another help wanted sign and closed Memorial day. Ahhh
4	A very popular weekend brunch place, with good reason.  The specialty pancakes are incredible, even if mine had so much brown sugar in it that I could literally feel the grains against my teeth.  That isn't a knock or praise, that's just how it is.  If that sounds good to you, you will love Pamela's...if that grosses you out, there's a GNC across the street, go make a protein shake.  They turn tables fast for a place this busy, and you get a lot of food for your hard earned cash (they only take cash, so hit up the PNC bank on the corner while you wait 20 minutes for a table).The service is pretty quick since the wait staff doesn't seem to strictly ascribe to seating sections or table divisions the way the British and French carved up the Middle East (and look at all the problems THAT caused).  They also bring you your check with the food and get you off the table fast by making you pay up front.  I have no problems with any of this, Pennsylvanians are known in my home state for their efficiency and lack of skills operating watercraft.  Every decent U.S. City has a place like Pamela's, even some not-so-decent ones (that's right, I'm talking to you, Montgomery, and you, Little Rock).  Pittsburgh's specialty is the crepe like "hotcakes".  They are delicious, with lots of brown sugar (see above), and a faintly salty flavor along with a crispiness on the edges.  I tore that shit apart.
4	A very popular place, with Obama's visit as the most recent claim to fame...and they definitely play that up. Very much a college, cool kid's place feel. The servers are nice, the portions are generous. Got the classic bacon, eggs, and pancakes deal. The protein wasn't anything special but the pancakes were delicious! They look huge but are crepe thin. The edges are crisped and taste almost carmelized.
4	The past weekend, I was visiting my bff's in Pittsburgh.  We decided to do Sunday brunch, and I asked bff 1 where she wanted to go - she said she'd heard Pamela's in Shadyside was amazing, and had been dying to go there.  BFF 2 said she had heard all about it and she too had been dying to go, and so it was decided.  with hype like that, i was hoping it would live up to expectations.  when we arrived, we put our names on the list and waited for about 10-15 minutes.  Pamela's is pretty small, there are maybe 20 tables - some for only 2, some for 4-tops, but the turn over time seems pretty fast.  we settled in and looked over the menu.  the prices are pretty amazing - you can easily do brunch here for under $10/person.  i ordered the strawberry "hotcakes" which are not actually crepes, despite what reviews here say... but they are a bit thinner than regular pancakes (crepes would be much thinner than this) and rolled up like crepes.  mine were stuffed with sliced strawberry, brown sugar, and usually sour cream (i asked for mine w/o the sour cream - this place is enough of a greasy spoon).  others at the table had the strawberry and blueberry hotcakes.  we also ordered the hash browns for the table to share.  the hotcakes are most certainly fried - the edges are greasy and crisp.  delicious to eat!  i think i may have made a mistake ordering no sour cream, b/c the hotcake stuffed with strawberries and dry piles of brown sugar was at times too sweet for me.  next time, i'd ask for very light sour cream or possibly no sour cream and no brown sugar.  the hash browns were amazingly delicious, so buttery and melt in your mouth good.  these were gobbled up by the 3 of us!  the hotcakes were large, and too much for me to finish!  service was ok - pamela's is a pretty simple place in that aspect, you see your server when you order and to drop off the check.  aside from that, they stand back and let you marvel at the good food.  i would definitely return to pamela's on my next trip to the 'burgh.
5	Best Breakfast in town for a cheap price
3	On my trip to Pittsburgh we decided to stop by here for a Sunday brunch after hearing it was one of the best breakfast places in the city.  It was very crowded and they pack you in like a high school cafeteria.  It is a no frills atmosphere with the menu waiting on the table.  It was packed with hung over college kids when we were there around 12:30 pm on a Sunday. They have a good variety of breakfast foods to choose from including hotcakes, french toast, omelettes, etc.  They also had the classic breakfast sides of bacon, sausage and home fries.I chose the strawberry hotcakes.  This was a couple of crepe like pancakes with strawberries and sour cream stuffed between and some whipped cream on top.The hotcakes were excellent.  They were soft in the middle, but kind of crispy around the edges.  Just like I want them.  Also, the strawberries inside were very good.  They were sweet and juicy.  This was the best part of the meal.Now for the not so good.  The home fries were mushy all around and there might have been some type of cheese sauce on them.  There was something creamy mixed with them that I was not sure about.  I like my home fries to be crispy on the outside.  These were just mush.Finally the bacon was bush league.  If you are going to market yourself as a breakfast spot you cannot serve rinky dink bacon like this.  It was a disgrace.  You need to have big meaty, crispy flavorful bacon.  This bacon was thinner than a piece of paper.  It was just not what you should have if you are specializing in breakfast.  If I wouldn't have enjoyed the hotcakes so much, I would have rated this place a 2.Go for the hotcakes, but order the sausage over then bacon and skip the home fries.
3	I guess I like Pamelas.Their hotcakes are awesome, though they do need to distribute their brown sugar around instead of getting them in lumps here and there.  Their potatoes are good; I like 'em.  Their corned beef hash is mixed with their potatoes, which I dig, except that their corned beef is too salty :(.  Their tex mex omelete is pretty bad, but I guess that's Pittsburgh.Despite that, I still go to Pamelas too often for my wallet's liking.
4	The best pancakes ever! Especially the strawberry filled. Sometimes there is a bit of a wait but if you get there early it's fine. I love it!
5	Don't be deceived by the nondescript "PAMELA'S RESTAURANT" sign in the sketchy font out front. The interior of this place is cozily modern, and the food is fantastic:- Home fries: cooked to a mealy perfection, then smashed before frying in order to maximize their crisp-able surface area. They must put some kind of cheese in them to get it that lovely golden brown color and perfectly crunchy texture. - Hotcakes: kind of like a thick crepe, but better. Each bite is different - sometimes sweet, sometimes a little saltier, fruitier, other times crunchier. Delicious every single time. - Omelettes: Their egg white omelettes do a great job posing as normal eggs. The fillings are fresh and flavorful without overpowering the flavor of the egg. - Toast: Yes, even their toast is excellent. Crisp on the outside, soft and fluffy on the inside. And their toast comes pre-buttered - taking care of that pesky cold-butter-on-hard-toast problem.It's greasy spoon brunch fare at its very best. My parents ate here two days in a row, which says a lot because they're Asians from Asia and typically don't like greasy American-style brunch foods. I'm an Asian from America and typically don't like to agree with my parents, but I'll make an exception for Pamela's. This place is amazing.
4	Great place to go on a Saturday or Sunday morning after drinking way too much. The hotcakes are unbelievable but I am a really big fan of their home fries. I also really like their corned beef hash. I'll usually get some sort of omelette and pair it with a hotcake (usually chocolate but blueberry is pretty good too). I'll then make sure there is plenty of home fries and get a side of the corned beef hash. This usually puts me in a food coma but makes me feel fantastic especially after waking up a little hungover or still drunk from the night before.Oh. you have to pay with cash. And this location is also pretty packed so there is usually a line up outside. But it's so worth it.
4	Oh my GOD. Get on line. Let Pamela's seduce your tastebuds into your imminent food coma.The wait & service: Pretty decent considering the overwhelming flow of people in and out of this fine establishment. The evil part is that they make you wait outside while you stare at the unlucky window-seaters chomp away at their food. Service was a little shoddy and unresponsive. I had to steal syrup from a neighboring empty table. -1/2 star.The hours: This is delicious, greasy, goodness. It'd be amazing drunk food if they were open late at night -- closed in the middle of the afternoon...what gives? -1/2 star.THE BANANA WALNUT HOTCAKES:ARGHHHH SO FRUSTRATINGLY GOOD!!!! They are delicious, filling, crispy, succulent, flavorful, and so addicting. The only thing missing was the jar of Nutella that I should have brought. THE CORNED BEEF HASH:This i saved for later, as the hotcakes were surprisingly filling. The potatoes were well cooked and it was a great salty break from my assault on the hotcakes.
3	Serve a good breakfast, but I only have the patience to go on weekdays (that aren't holidays, bc they are closed) bc it is mobbed on the weekends. Wish they were open past early afternoon, I would do breakfast for dinner there in a second (I imagine it wouldn't be so crowded).
5	one of the best places for breakfast ever. It gets packed every weekend with students, parents, and locals alike. don't be afraid to put your name in and wait the little bit to get an amazing breakfast. the interior is pretty festive with old school board games all over the walls and ceiling. Has some of the standards of breakfast such as pancakes (hotcakes), eggs, omelets, etc  but also has their spin on it. this is a cash only restaurant so make sure that you have plenty of cash in order to pay for this meal. I really liked the western style omelet that i got which had chorizo sausage in it. so good
4	Delicious hot cakes. A really cute, fun, and reasonable place to go for a filling breakfast. The place was packed. That speaks for itself. The wait staff was excellent.
4	Cash only! We had an excellent brunch here. I was very pleased with the crepe-like hotcakes (they're a necessary sampling if you've never had! a tad overbuttered but soooo good), the burger was solidly tasty, and the service was quite good considering the bustle. It's pretty basic, but it's really excellent quality. I would strongly recommend it for a quick stop-off bite. It's not fine dining, but if you want to lose the pretentious and just chow down, this is an A+ joint.
2	Two words: grossly overrated. If I am going to wait an hour for breakfast/brunch, it needs to not only be good, but also unique. Unfortunately, Pamela's is neither of these things. Then again, the hour-long wait does provide you will ample time to find a ATM because they only take cash. If you want to wait in line for an hour for food that is both good and unique, try Coca Cafe.
5	Each time I've been here (3 or 4 times as the writing of this review) I've ordered the hotcakes. And when they are sooo good why would you ever order anything else? This location of Pamela's is certainly nice and clean enough. The waitstaff are attentive and the kitchen is fast. So really this is a review of those hotcakes. The crispy edges really are the best part. That said the middle with the fruit stuffing, brown sugar, sour and whipped cream is pretty awesome too. I have eaten here each time I've visited my sister out in the 'Burgh, a tradition that I hope will continue.
4	Visiting Pittsburgh for the first time, Yelp pointed us in the right direction towards Pamela's for breakfast.It passed the "parking lot" or rather waiting room test and was packed to the the brim on Saturday at 11am... Perfect, this means we are at the right place for a good breakfast. Only a short wait later we were seated comfortably at a table.Great signage to say that they were a "CASH ONLY" establishment. Thanks for not making it awkward at the end....Overall the food was excellent. I had a Hotcake with Walnuts and Bananas... I wished it came with some sort of side because I was still hungry afwards.  My friend had a omelet with home fries which she said was delicious as well.It wasn't life changing and innovative, but the food was excellent for a brunch location in Pittsburgh. Loved Walnut street as well. Beautiful location for a breakfast spot.Parking wasn't so bad either! See you next time Pamela's!
2	I really wanted to like this place because of all the positive reviews.  I love breakfast, and I am a sucker for corned beef hash (I order it pretty much when it's on a menu).  Sadly, I walked away from my meal with a "meh" feeling.First off, I kept hearing about these pancakes I gotta try.  Well, I figured what better way to experience them than to order a short stack, right?  They were super buttery... Too much so.  I loved the thin fluffy texture, and the crispy edges were a unique touch, but those flap jacks were oozing butter (despite not using the included butter "pat" that comes with them)... It's all I could taste.  Too bad.  People generally recommended the stuffed pancakes... Perhaps this well teach me not to listen to the suggestions for the banana chocolate chip pancakes (next time).My real disappointment was that the corned beef hash was probably just a few points above the stuff you can buy at the store.  If it weren't for the large pieces of crispy potatoes, or the sauteed onion... I would have sworn it came from a can.  Plus it was super salty and the meat over-ground... Kinda looked like pet food.  What happened to using chunks of real corned-beef and making the dish look like a hash?I'm a transplant to pitt and I'm still figuring the place out.  Nevertheless, I'm still looking forward to trying some the other recommended food items... But... If you want really good authentic corned beef hash: Tasty Diner in Silver Spring, MD.  Can't beat it.
2	I live a few blocks from Pamela's and each time that I walk by on the weekends there seems to be quite a few people waiting (and others have raved) so had been wanting to try it for a while. After waiting 30-45  minutes on a Saturday morning for brunch, I wasn't that impressed. It is cheap, the service is fast and they serve ample buttery portions of diner food. If you're not hungover, I hope you have a good reason for going. You might as well just eat some grease and rub it all over your face.
4	Delicious as always.  What more can really be said?  I always get the crepe pancakes with brown sugar and sour cream.  I remember when you could only get them with strawberries, but blueberries are now an excellent alternative.Their coffee is as spectacularly terrible as ever.  It's been bad for as long as I can remember, like they're intentionally not serving good coffee.  It's the only thing from keeping Pamela's from being a 5-star breakfast place.  Regardless, Pamela's is still a Pittsburgh classic and always a great breakfast destination.
5	A fantastic place to grab brunch on a weekend! We tried the special Banana Walnut Hotcakes and that was sooo delish! We also ordered the Corned Beef Hash and Eggs and that Corned Beef was even better than the ones from Le Peep back in NJ!SO wish we had a Pamela's back home and the prices in Pitt was VERY cheap comparing to NYC and NJ!  PS: This is a CASH-ONLY place and setting is very much like a diner, but AWESOME food. ENJOY!
4	It has to be at least 25 years since I ate at Pamela's. It was one of my mother's favorite places to grab a quick bite. We met a dear friend on Saturday midday for brunch/lunch, and I ask myself, why did I wait so long to go back, after a multitude of trips back to the "Burgh" throughout the years? I had an omelet -- cooked to perfection. I am a picky omelet eater. My eggs have to be cooked just so . . . and so they were! Truly a rarity. The accompanying potatoes were heavenly. My husband loved his corned beef and hash with eggs and potatoes. The short stack of pancakes that our friend ordered was huge . . . and after one bite, I was in Seventh Heaven. Oh, how I wish I could make pancakes just like that! The thin pancakes, almost crepe-like, with their crispy outer edges are divine. This location begs for an aesthetic makeover . . . looks like the same furniture as 25 years ago, but what it lacks there, it makes up for in the yummy food. Service was quick but unremarkable. Next time we're back in town, we'll definitely stop by for breakfast -- early so we don't have to wait!
3	Maybe this is blasphemy of some sort, but Pamela's? I don't know what other people see in it.There's always a line out the door, so I rarely end up going there.  Why wait when there are 600 million other places within walking distance?It's cash only, which is basically a business's way of saying "Hello, customer.  I really hate you, and want to make sure you have to go out of your way to find a way to pay me."  It's like when someone intentionally gets a 2-door car when a 4-door model is available.  You only do that if you really hate your passengers.The food is, well, it's okay! But just okay.  The pancakes are super-greasy.  They're not bad, though.  I do have to put in a word for their corned beef hash, though, because evidently that is excellent.I would like to one day try their lunch/dinner food, though.  One thing I do love about Pamela's is the price.  It's dirt cheap, and that's great.But get a credit machine! It's not like you can't afford it! Stop abusing your customers!
4	Everything I wanted to say has already been covered in previous reviews, so I'll just leave it at this:OH MY GOD GET THE HOTCAKESSeriously, get them.
5	Pamela's is certainly a Pittsburgh institution, and for good reason! Of the several locations in the city, the Shadyside spot is my favorite, probably because it was the first Pamela's I ever ate at.  I love breakfast food, but I'm never big on breakfast-only places because they tend to be too small and crowded, and hardly worth the wait.  But Pamela's food is as close to perfection as you'll ever get, so the long line and cramped space isn't even a factor.  Personally, I love their hotcakes, omelets, and hash browns, but everything on the menu is mouth-watering and inexpensive!
4	Mmmm. Crepe pancakes. What an idea. 4.25 stars (sure, I can give quarter stars, why not).Per the bf's suggestion, we went to Pamela's for brunch, on our first stop of our day trip in Pittsburgh. Hmmm..... a brunch place, you say? Why not! Cool decor inside- half hipster, half well....midwest diner. Our wait wasn't really that long- we put in our name at around 11:30am on the Saturday of Labor Day weekend, and was seated within 30 minutes. In the meantime while we waited, we checked out the cool Mexican place above Pamela's. Cool.He got the standard breakfast special - which was standard, there's no way to really rate that stuff- and choc chip banana hotcakes. I ordered the blueberry hotcakes.His choc chip banana hotcakes were so so good. Bananas stuffed into a thin crepe of a pancake with the chocolate all melting inside.....omg, it was good. My blueberry crepe pancakes seemed to be extra crispy (which I liked, by the way) with brown sugar and sour cream in it. I felt like there needed to be more stuffing in it, but it was still pretty good.Coffee was standard here as well. But I LOVEEEeeee diners, so this was a place that was above your normal diner. Cool. I still crave those crepe hotcakes....
4	These hotcakes (crepe pancakes) are to die for. I just had the blueberry hotcakes this morning and I almost creamed my pants.   I obviously couldn't finish the whole thing or else I'd be in a food coma or turn diabetic from the rich brown sugar embedded between the layers or cream, butter, and magic, but it was one of the best breakfast pancakes/crepe variations I've ever had.  This is actually quite a big deal to me because I've had classic Paris crepes with Nutella, and this is up there on the "omg you have to try it" scale.The quirky diner scene with checkered tables was a nice addition, and the staff is rather friendly. Apparently this place is crowded for brunch on weekends, but going on an overcast Tuesday morning at 9 seemed to work out well.  Anyway, if you're in Pittsburgh, you must try this place. For Shame if you have not!
5	One of the best breakfasts ever. Awesome diner feel. Friendly service. Delicious corned beef hash. Addictive. And the best pancakes i've ever eaten - really unique and perfect texture. I wish i had a place like this near me. As good as it gets.
5	The hotcakes are *delicious*.  I had a strawberry filling in mine.  It was really sweet, and the brown sugar in the filling might have been somewhat excessive, but it was a really nice treat.If you live in Pittsburgh, I *highly* recommend you try Pamela's.  I know I'll be going back when I can.
1	How Pamela's became a Pittsburgh institution is completely beyond me. The food is average at best (think a step or two above Denny's or Waffle House). Pancakes were soggy and bland and the veggie omelete was chocked full of processed, cheese-like goo and assorted goodness straight out of a can.
4	MMMM crepes. If you've had crepes as ihop or other breakfast restaurants, take that and multiple it by 100 notches of yummy breakfast goodness. Then, kick that up 10 more times. And there you will find Pamela's nestled between strawberry crepes and banana chocolate chip hot cakes. If you're in Pittsburgh, it's a law (unofficially) that you must have a Primanti's sandwich and breakfast at Pamela's. MMMMM crepes.
5	Huge delicious servings. My wife and I were blown away by how good the food was and how huge the portions were for the price. Their crepe pancakes rock especially the banana pecan ones.
3	Iv'e been to better places. I always forget that they dont take a card so I have to remember to get cash out when I go there. I usually order their omelets. The veggies are always crunchy so I taste more of a raw onion than I do my omelet. The food comes out fast which is great until I tasted the food. I checked it out three or four times  to see if it might be different but the omelets were the same. Raw and crunchy. overall  nice atmosphere, nice service, but the food is blah
5	Disgustingly amazing breakfast as usual. Order what you want and accept you are done for the day!
4	Pamela's was my first real dining experience in Pittsburgh. I was told dozens of times by native Pittsburghians about how Pamela's hotcakes are not only a Pittsburgh staple but a White House favorite. Can't argue with that. I had the good fortune of sampling both the banana chocolate chip hotcakes as well as the banana walnut hotcakes--the former is by far superior, even if you're a nut fiend like yours truly. Perfectly crisped around the edges and delectably moist and sweet, the crepes are loaded with melted chocolate and banana slices. I will shamelessly admit to eating two orders... by myself. However, the rest of the offerings at Pamela's are your typical diner fare, average at best. Come here for the hotcakes, then go home and sleep it off. Your day is done.*Pamela's is cash-only and extremely busy on weekends. (On weekdays, service is surprisingly brisk.)*I recommend the Shadyside or Squirrel Hill locations over the one in Oakland.
5	OMG best pancakes ever. Do yourself a favor and get the nation's greatest pancake ever - banana chocolate chip. I still have fond food memories about my single Pamela's experience - almost 4 years later. I need these pancakes back in my life!
4	I'm from California and hotcakes is something that's not common in our food vocabulary. We just settle on pancakes and call it a day.My brother took me and my mother to Pamela's for brunch and it was pretty packed. Fortunately, it was only a 10 minute wait and a huge crowd came in after us. I glanced through the menu and learned that they're known for their specialty hotcakes. They all looked very good, but settled on the the strawberry hotcakes (was craving strawberries). We finally got seated, ordered what we want, and chilled in the lively atmosphere of the diner. The food came out relatively fast and I was ecstatic for my hotcakes. They use FRESH strawberries instead of the syrupy strawberries in a can! The hotcakes were thin like a crepe and the crispy edges were the best part. A bit heavy on the butter, but that's how you get the crispiness. The sour cream surprisingly worked well with the strawberries, as it balanced out the sweetness from its tart element. As for the brown sugar, that was like the cherry on top. It was pure harmony.Definitely check it out when you're in Pittsburgh!
5	So lovely, so Pittsburgh. Do yourself a favor and try the Banana hot cakes. They're freakin' unbelievable. If one dreamed up a perfect diner experience they would dream up a place like Pamela's. Lovely servers too.
5	So happy I looked at yelp when I checked in to the hotel in Shadyside.  Pamela's hotcakes deserve all accolades - they rank in the top 3 in my book.  I tried the banana walnut crepe pancakes - fresh bananas, walnuts, and whipped cream in a delicate tasty pancake - if you like banana bread - you will probably like this - maple syrup wasn't needed but I used some anyway - it is better than delicious.  The eggs and sausage were good too.  I came for a late lunch during the week and did not have to wait.  Service was efficient.  I enjoyed the ambience of the diner and Walnut street - so much fun to hang out here.
3	If you Love Butter this is the place for you, it is yummy & delicious quick friendly service & the potatoes are tasty!No credit cards this place is cash only
4	I'm giving it a 4 but honestly, I'm somewhere in between a 3 and 4. I think I walked in with high expectations - I wasn't disappointed, but I also wasn't wow'ed. This was my first stop in Pittsburgh. Apparently Obama has dined here and this was the place to be. I didn't actually do my own research, just let my friend guide me along. The hotcakes are no doubt delicious. They are like huge crepes filled with your choice of fruit pretty much and a ton of whipped cream. We actually shared one banana walnut hotcake and it was plenty. Definitely a great deal. We could've just ordered that and been full. However, we also ordered the corned beef hash. This  was an extremely heavy dish. It was also really salty. It comes with toast too. Huge portions, delicious food, great prices. That's definitely where the 4 is coming from. For me, the food was just too heavy and buttery, so much so that I don't know if I would come back.  Personally, I prefer my fluffy, fruity pancakes. With all that said - If you're visiting, it is still worth a stop.
4	A great place to grab brunch on a lazy day when all you feel like doing is choke your arteries.The omelette with mashed potatoes and hotcakes are my top favorites. Be sure to be carrying cash for this one !
4	Decent breakfast and great service. I found the much touted corned beef hash to be too salty but everything else we ordered was great. Overall, I recommend this restaurant for breakfast
4	Don't come here if you're looking for a healthy breakfast.And definitely don't come here if you don't want to wait around, especially when the local schools are in session.But DO come here for amazing hotcakes and the most glorious, buttery, greasy spoon breakfast around.  The hotcakes, for those of you unfamiliar, are more like crepes.  Usually stuffed with fruit and whipped cream and fried in butter.  Extremely sweet and rich and the best ever cure for a college hangover.Prices are cheap and the place is cash only.  Super friendly, quick service.  Always on my must-visit list when I'm back in town.
5	i think i'm in love. i had heard about pamela's before and that it's the best place for brunch, but i hadn't had a chance to go until yesterday.i get inside and was not exactly blown away... small diner-style, cash only restaurant. but ok, at least it will probably be cheap right?the menu looks pretty promising... interesting choices, breakfast and lunch, not a huge menu but not bad. i decide to go with the feta and spinach omelet (with the potatoes), and my friend that went with me went with the crepe hotcakes.the food comes and i begin to dig in. bam. the magic occurs. the omelet was tasty and the potatoes were even tastier! i had a bite of my friend's hotcakes and was blown away.moral of the story, don't judge a book by it's cover. the food entirely speaks for itself and makes this place a 5 star worthy breakfast joint.
1	We had a terrible breakfast here not long ago. Like many couples in the city, we love to go out every other week or so for a weekend breakfast. This day, it wasn't busy, and the speed of service was good. The French toast was an abomination. The toast had about a quarter inch of egg white formed around the edges, from poorly mixed batter. Plus the bread was poor quality. The bacon...crunchy fleks of the thinnest, most meager bacon these eyes have seen. The crepe pancakes were ok, but nothing to write home about. Years ago I worked for a grumpy penny pincher who had been swindled into buying a 3 year supply of prepackaged coffee, which just sat in our storeroom for years until we brewed it, and cursed it. Van roots, it was. Pamela's, in all the years I Have visited, has consistently challenged van rooy for the worst coffee crown. On top of all the bad food, last week Pamela's earned that crown. We'll be enjoying breakfast elsewhere in the future.
5	Yo! Fucking brown sugar and blueberries in my hotcakes? Legit!
3	So apparently this is the best breakfast in Pittsburgh? Alright! Well, it isn't bad. Three stars seems a little low but four feels too high. I got Gail's favorite eggs (scrambled eggs with cream cheese and scallions) and they were pretty good. I was hoping the cream cheese and scallions would be blended in, alas, they were just on top. Still a good combo, though. Their famous potatoes really are amazing, definitely the highlight of the meal! My friend got the corned beef hash and it was UBER SALTY. Like, super ridiculously salty. I know hash usually tends to have a lot of salt but this was outta control. I like that they have rye toast. I don't like that they have Pepsi products and super rude employees. Ya win some, ya lose some, I guess.
4	um ridiculously good and so quick and filling. I shared the hotcakes and got a side of eggs and sausage. need both my sweet and savory. This place totally hit the spot.. 930 am SAT morning. um yah, a  short wait witha group of 5+ a toddler seated in about 10 min ! woot The crepes (hot cakes) are delicious her signature one with the strawberries is the bomb. also, eggs, crispy bacon toast not bad either. Came here for breakfast while visiting family in the area and really enjoyed the meal. Only draw back is parking sucks the lot is ridiculous and street parking is hard because of the traffic. Also cash only.. sort of annoying.. but would totally go back and recommend to all .
5	Blueberry pancakes were amazing
4	A bit crowded, but amazing blueberry and strawberry pancakes. I fought to go here and waited about 20 mins for a table (weekend) but it was totally worth it.
5	Excellent food. Great omelettes, great pan-cakes, everything is excellent!
5	Definitely a must for any guest. I only sampled the strawberry stuffed crepes, which sound rather ordinary. Rest assured, they were anything but. The crepes are the same as their pancakes, which are light, lacy and crisp around the edges. Perfection by themselves....they come with several fillings and toppings but I decided to go with my wait person's recommendation. The strawberries were sliced paper thin, fresh, not at all syrupy, and there were two, huge, filled crepes on my plate-enough for two people. I asked for the sour cream on the side, and there was a dollop of freshly whipped cream (not instant, I know these things) in the middle of both crepes. Dusted over the top was a thin coat of granulated sugar (it may have been turbinado) and just a hint of course sea salt. The texture and taste was amazing! The menu was interesting with omelets, egg dishes, french toast, and the usual breakfast fare. All that I saw going by looked good, but my recommendation would be, if you go only once, skip all that and go right for a pancake/crepe creation. You will NOT be disappointed. Also, the order came out 1 minute after the wait person brought my coffee; like magic. This place is a jewel in the middle of Walnut Street!
3	I had to checkout Pamela's because of all the high ratings.  Didn't know they were a CASH ONLY kind of place boo. Come on now who does that.  Didn't know you had to it was metered parking double boo.  Couldn't find the restroom triple boo!? Maybe that ones on me I just couldn't figure it out, outside!?So how does banana walnut crepes on Walnut Street sound like!? Why not.  I ended up ordering some and they even split the 1 order of crepe into 2 plates and loaded them for us which was nice. Their famous crepes weren't so amazing as I hoped they were barely OK for me, they are just crepes. I would have like to try more the menu but I only had like $10 in bills and coins. And again another place that only takes cash really. I don't get it.  If you're ever here with nothing but $10 in bills and coins you order wisely.  You start looking over their menu and notice wow everything's famous, famous lyonnaise potatoes, famous crepe, famous corned beef hash, famous egg salad, etc. haha.  Don't waste your time with the crepes for about the same price or a little more, you should go for something else on menu, everything's under $10 and inexpensive.  Stretch your dollar and order a soft drinks that has free refills and bottomless coffee or just order a water.  They have lots of different omelets and sandwiches. Inside there are a lot of seating, tables and chairs are old and so are everything else about it.  There's a wall of photos in the back wall.  Service was friendly and I had to tip in coins. But I'd try one of the other locations or something else. Other possible MEH but I'll leave it as a OK."18% gratuity may be added to parties over 6" on the menu, does that mean that if I'm nice enough I don't have to pay?
4	This Pamela's has a much different environment than the one in Oakland. This had a much more intimate feel and was a lot smaller and less "diner" -esque. The morning after breakfast special was pretty good with 2 large hotcakes (important sidenote: if a pancake and a crepe had children I would imagine this is what their child would look like, the outside and edges are crispy but it's thick enough to be considered a pancake). The eggs were also of epic proportions but the bacon was quite scarce. A measly two and a half pieces...The jumbo tossed salad was built for a king - it was brought out in the large mixing bowl that they tossed that sucker in. I asked for cheddar and dressing on the side and it was quite scrumptious.
4	Love this place! All the food is delicious and lots of options, I always have a hard time deciding what I want to order, whether its the delicious pancakes or the croissant french toast (my mouth is watering just thinking about it!) The only thing I'm not a big fan of is the corned beef hash - super salty! But other than that, great portions, great taste, great atmosphere. It's cash only but there are multiple ATMs close-by so no excuse to not try this place if you haven't already!
4	HOT CAKES.  That's really all I have to say.  I was wondering what the fuss was about, and when I took my first bite, it all made sense.  As for the rest of the breakfast items, they're okay.  I ordered corned beef hash, and it seemed like the kind of corned beef that came from a can.  I could be wrong, but it just didn't have much flavor.  The only annoying thing about this place is the wait.  Get there early or be prepared to wait, outside, for a long while.
2	I was here at the Pamela's in Shadyside a few weeks ago - dining companion and I were looking for a nice brunch-y place to visit. Naturally, with all the high ratings we saw on Yelp! for Pamela's, we gave it a shot.I have to ask: What is all the fuss about this place?My companion and I were a little dismayed to see it was a cash-only place, but luckily in Shadyside there is a PNC just up the street. The restaurant was fairly busy with lots of customers chatting at their tables. It wasn't an uninviting atmosphere, more laid-back, but also a little indifferent, if that makes any sense. Our waitress wasn't unfriendly, but didn't really go out of her way to talk much with us.After perusing the menu for a bit, the fella ordered a Greek salad with chicken while I went for the crepe-hotcake dish. Food came out pretty fast, but that was sadly the best part about it.My companion's tiny salad was served in a large silver bowl, like the chef had mixed it up and decided better of putting it on an actual plate. The Greek dressing was saturated with lemon flavor, way too tart and sour, and the chicken was pretty paltry for the price.My crepe-hotcake thingies were okay, but very oily and griddle-tasting. Way too rich to finish.Overall, we found ourselves very underwhelmed with Pamela's. Our search for a good brunch place continues.
2	Not deserving of the rave reviews. Breakfast is cheap, and definitely very poor quality. Grease is the common theme in food, and though it might taste OK a first, your digestive tract may say otherwise later. The space was cramped, we sat almost elbow to elbow with other guests, with my back a foot from a brick wall. The waitresses were extremely fast, except for coffee refills. Almost felt rushed because the bill came so quick; probably had something to do with the busy line in the waiting room. And why, in this day and age, are you cash-only, Pamela?
5	The banana chocolate chip pancakes are the ultimate evolution of the pancake. Not since mankind first invented batter has their been a more revolutionary flavor experienced by a breakfast-seeking individual. These compliments are coming from someone who actively avoids breakfast and doesn't take pancakes very seriously. This endorsement could not come from a harsher critic of breakfast.In other news, the corned beef hash is very good. The service is friendly and the space is nice. Protip: Go when they open to avoid the line because they fill up fast.
5	O.M.G. I currently live in Cleveland and I have my favorite breakfast/brunch go to place here (called Coventry Inn). But after going to Pamela's, now I'm depressed that Cleveland doesn't have a brunch place as good as Pamela's! I am craving this spot!Pamela's is your usual diner spot... place looks a bit homey, a bit dirty, and a bit...local. But that's when you know it's good right? It's got some real homemade cooking into it. If you don't want to listen to my suggestions on what to order, just (i beg you) make sure you order the CORN BEEF HASH. Here's my reviews below now:Corn Beef Hash (5+): I don't know what they add in there, but that sh*t is delicious and addictive. I took one bite, and it was like my palette was ready for 5 more bowls of it. The corned beef in the hash is so good. They season the corned beef so well that it gives the whole dish this heavenly taste.Chocolate Chip Banana Hotcakes (5): I think Pamela's called crepes hotcakes. This was just chocolate chip banana crepes. So naturally, it was delicious. The hotcakes was made really well, a bit crispy on the ends. and the melting chocolate with banana was just yummmmmmy.Go to Pittsburgh, and you better stop at Pamela's. There might be a wait, but trust me, it's worth it. And it's cheap!
4	Ok! The best hash I have ever had. Their potatoes are "bananas!"
3	Great hotcakes. No so great wait.  The hotcakes are worth trying, but there are other places in Pittsburgh that have much shorter waits that I prefer.
5	Good hotcakes, eggs and omelettes were good and so is the potatoes and coffee. The side of bacon was less than small and the western omelette came with guacamole paste from a tube or something. I was looking for real guac from a place this popular. That being said it is a good breakfast place on the verge of great if they wanted to take it there. The hotcakes could be better and dont really compete, but this is a good place and you cant go wrong here. Corn beef hash is the real deal.
4	Great place for brunch. I love the breakfast specials
5	I've eaten at Pamela's several times, usually in the Strip location, but today in Shady Side.  I can honestly say that Pamela's is by far the best breakfast restaurant I have ever eaten at. Their "crepe" pancakes are awesome!  I Love how the outer edges of the pancake are crispy and buttery and the taste of the pancake itself is just fantastic. Their potatoes (lionized ?? Potatoes) are outstanding, and are the best breakfast potatoes I've ever had.  I would also strongly recommend their corned beef hash!  As other reviews has commented, be sure to bring cash, as it is cash only.  Also, if you plan to go, you may have to wait in line, as Pamela's in the Strip is typically pretty crowded, especially on weekends.  That said, this restaurant is totally worth the wait. I guarantee you will not be disappointed by any breakfast you order here.  Now if the owners would just open one up here where I live so I don't have to drive down into the city.
3	Cash only.The 'famous' corn beef hash was not great- and heavily salted.  Eggs were good.Not great food / not a lot of bang for the buck / 3.0 from me
3	So many great reviews.  Friends who live or have lived in Pittsburgh rave about this place.  It was supposed to be THE PLACE for breakfast and brunch in this city.  I first visited this place on a short Pgh Apt hunting trip back in April 2013.  Went in, got excited, as the place was packed with people.  It had the classic diner feel.  It had to be good.  Sadly, it wasn't.  Not wanting to give up hope, I went back to Pamela's the next day, and went with the corned beef hash, since many yelpers had mentioned it.  Again, disappointed.  Having settled in Pgh for a few months now, I decided to give Pamela's a third chance recently.  *sigh.  I don't get how this place has such high yelp ratings.Food = (6.5/10) = As mentioned above, my first visit I tried the western omelet.  It was just ok.  Not well seasoned, and the cheese was meh.   Quantity wise, you do get a huge amount of food for what you pay for.  Second trip was the corned beef hash trip.  Really don't understand what is so great about this dish.  My third trip I tried the tex-mex omelet.  Again, eggs under seasoned, and cheese was meh.  What bothered me the most was the "guacamole."  It's more like avocado paste with mayonnaise consistency.  Like something you would squeeze out of a toothpaste tube. Texture was not appealing.  The friend who came with me on this third trip ordered the pancakes, which he thought were fine.Ambiance = (7.5/10) = it's got the classic diner feel, with diner friendly waitresses/waiters.  Service (8.0/10) = as mentioned above, the classic diner friendly environment.Overall opinion = I wonder if those who give high ratings to this establishment, are the locals of Pgh, and college/grad students on a budget and naturally appreciate the large quantities of food for cheap prices.  This place is just ok for me.  I'm still searching for my go-to-brunch place in Pittsburgh.  I do recommend trying this place out and making your own judgement, especially if you've just moved to the area.  There is always a wait to get in on weekends, so they must be doing something right.  Place is cash only.
4	I have always enjoyed going here for breakfast/brunch. In my younger years, I would go for the hotcakes. So thin, large, and crispy on the edges. Yummmyyy.I will write an update to this review...after I go to it again hopefully  next month...But if it is as good as I remember, you won't be sorry going here.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! While I was a Fellow at Carnegie Mellon, I was introduced to this place and fell in love. OBAMA came here too! Cash only, and nearly anything you order off the menu is pure GOLD!.. well.. not literally gold because that'd be weird to eat.. but its REALLY good food!Seriously. Don't even look. Just close your eyes, point at something, and order it. It's guaranteed to be de-lic-ious. I ordered almost everything off the menu during my summer here. I MISS IT! :'(
4	Today's special, Rachel turkey wrap. Made w real juicy roasted turkey, slaw, and a very flavorful "Russian sauce."
1	The food here is over the top excessively greasy. So greasy that it made me sick to my stomach before I was done eating my meal. My husband and I split the chocolate chip pancakes and a ham and cheese omelette with potatoes and toast on the side. Not only was everything in a pool of grease, but it seemed to be margarine...not even real butter. I will never eat here again. I am gagging even thinking about this meal let aloe eating it again.
4	Not the place for local, organic, grass-fed, gourmet riff-raff. Pamela's is known for stick-to-your-ribs diner food and they do it very well. Definitely my go-to for weekend brunch or hangover recovery in Pittsburgh. The Oakland location you'll find is often full of Pitt or Carnegie Mellon students, whereas the Squirrel Hill and Shadyside locations usually have a more yuppie-type clientele.Pamela's hotcakes are a masterpiece. Never mind that they use pounds and pounds of butter for these hotcakes, you'll be hard-pressed to find pancakes/crepes as delicious as these. What's great is that they can be eaten alone in a savory manner, or piled with fruit and whipped cream and more butter for a sweeter breakfast experience. The lyonnaise potatoes are also something to marvel at. You can ask them to griddle the potatoes a little longer for a crispier taste, which I definitely recommend. The omelets are all pretty standard fare here, but they do them consistently well every time I've been. Best thing is that most combinations or menu items will only run you at about $8-10, with tip and tax about $13. Pretty awesome. Only downside is that it's cash only, but since there are a couple ATM's and a PNC nearby, it can be overlooked. Overall, come here for some of the best breakfast comfort food that Pittsburgh has to offer.
4	This place was great! We had several different dishes, but the chorizo hash was the winner. Expect a bit of a wait, but it's worth it.
4	Today was my second time at a Pamela's. During my first trip I made the mistake of 1)not ordering hot cakes 2) dining alone 3)not ordering hotcakes! I was worried about a wait for a Sunday morning but it was surprisingly only 15minutes. We were seated & greeted promptly. Both of us ordered the morning after breakfast with the strawberry pancakes. The potatoes /home fries were awesome & as another reviewer mentioned it feels as if every bite is different (&fabulous). Speaking of fabulous, I'm thankful to have finally experienced the Pamelas hotcake. It was filled with fresh strawberries, sour cream, brown sugar bits.. & every bite was better than the last. Don't let that trio scare or fool you-.it's delicious Next weekend can't come fast enough to stop back...forgot to mention it took no time at all for 4 giant plates of food to reach our table.
2	We heard that this place had amazing pancakes and was always extremely busy. We took our chances and arrived around 9:45am. It was open seating and we were easily able to find a table.First off - you can only pay cash. That is a huge turn off, especially if you are out of town. Personally, I never carry cash and frankly I don't know many people who do. This place isn't worth going to an ATM for.Several people at my table ordered the pancakes so I got french toast. It was incredible eggy. If you like that, then you will like these but I don't prefer to have a layer of egg on my french toast. I tried a friends hot cakes and they were okay. They are super thin and crispy on the outside. I prefer a thick fluffy pancake. :(I also didn't love the service we received. The server came over with several plates and was extremely rude about us not speaking up enough about whose food was what even though we were telling her it was ours. I wanted a refill on my orange juice but the next time our waitress came around she gave us the bill - thanks!
5	Oh my goodness I absolutely love this place! Strawberry hotcakes have brown sugar creme cheese and whipped cream! Also love the chorizo sausage with eggs n hash! Fresh strawberries year round wonderfully delicious !
3	Ok, I get it. Brunch is amazing. Sunday brunch is more amazing after a late night on Saturday. And I wholeheartedly agree that the food here is good- (how can you mess up brunch?). However, this branch on Shadyside is a nightmare to go to on the weekends. It takes FOREVER to get a table here every time. There are mounds of people that line up on Walnut Street to get a table. After spending the time outside, any food they offer you will sound amazing because your stomach is growling so loudly. Objectively, the food here is good and the dinner decor has a lot of character. However, I stopped going here a long time ago when I discovered that Harris Grill brunch is much more hearty and the wait will at least be half an hour less.
4	I had a wonderful breakfast at Pamela's. The food really is delicious, but quite expensive for breakfast! Our bill came to about $40 for 3 people. That's a lot of money for eggs and pancakes!!We were a little overwhelmed when we first arrived because the waiting area was packed. They told us only 10-15 mins and it was spot-on, which we were pleasantly surprised about! Our server came to us right away. I could immediately see how fast-paced they work to keep their customers flowing on a busy morning!Everyone in my group would agree that the best part of the meal was the lyonnaise potatoes. My friend recommended asking for the potatoes to be "crispy" and I'm glad I did. They were absolutely delicious. A crunchy coating on top with soft potatoes and onions underneath. YUM.I ordered the Gail's eggs which were scrambled eggs topped with green onion and cream cheese. It came with a side of potatoes and two gigantic pieces of bread. The eggs were done perfectly and I although I had never had cream cheese on eggs before, it was delicious!! It's going to be hard to avoid cooking my eggs like that from now on! One of my friends ordered the breakfast special with 2 eggs, meat and a side of their specialty blueberry hotcakes. It falls somewhere between a crepe and a pancake. They cook a giant pancake and roll it up over a variety of fillings. It looks beautiful and tastes delicious! If it's too sweet to order for your whole meal, it's definitely worth ordering as a side for a few to split just to get a taste! My other friend ordered a daily special which was Chorizo hash served with eggs and tortillas. There was a surprising amount of meat and he was very pleased with his meal as well.The food is great and I was happy to finally experience this Pittsburgh gem. Prepare to pay more than your typical diner, but you certainly won't be disappointed by the quality!
5	Absolutely delicious food, melt-in-your mouth lyonnaise potatoes and crepelike pancakes.  It's tiny, cheek-by-jowl and often a long line on the weekends, but worth the wait and the cash-only inconvenience.I can't speak to anything but the breakfast food since I've never been able to get past it!My husband and I who lived within walking distance (or waddling distance, when leaving to go home) would normally split a hotcake special with the ham and cheese omelet.  That way we each could get eggs, meat, pancake, and potato cravings fulfilled.  When I went without him, I would either get the breakfast special or the corned beef hash with a side of the hotcake, regular.  My favorite hotcake flavor was the banana and chocolate chip, but occasionally we would get the strawberry or blueberry - don't be afraid by the sour cream ingredient.  It tastes AMAZING, and not too rich. (any richer, with the buttery hotcakes it would be over the top and make it more like dessert than breakfast).Their hot cocoa is probably from the package, but made decadent by the generous dollop of whipped cream that floats majestically on top.I once sat next to Franco Harris at the next table.  If he and Obama eat their hearts out here, you'll do fine.  Come try it already!
5	A great, independent eatery.  They have breakfasts of all description, freshly made and quite enormous, at reasonable prices.  Bring a big appetite.  Their omelots will fill you to bursting even if you don't eat the huge slices of bread and hash browns that come with them.  And,  hey, the coffee is good, too.
4	We go to Pittsburgh maybe twice a year and we always try to go Pamela's every trip.  This place fills up very quickly and I remember often having to line up to get in.One of the first things you will notice is that there is a photo of Obama at the cash register right out front.  Some things to point out before I get to the food is that the washrooms are upstairs through the South American restaurant that shares the same building.  Another thing is that the tables do not move so there is no re-arranging for larger parties.  This place only accepts cash unless they've changed that from the last time I was there it's always been like this at least for this location.The tables are small considering the amount of plates you will get when you order breakfast.  Really with the coffee and side plates of toast, hash, etc it will be a balancing act to get everything on one plate maybe...  So if you ordered side of sausage or whatever, if you can throw it on your main plate and stack all the side plates if possible.Now to the food.  It's damn good period.  I mean breakfast is tough because you can really only twist it so many ways so what makes Pam's special?  The crepes and pancakes is what is unique if I had to pick something.  The crepes you can get will walnut and creme and whatever but they ultimately become humongous and if you had something else like bacon and eggs then you will have no room on your table and in your stomach (maybe) because the portions can be big.I prefer plain pan cakes with butter and syrup and nothing else added myself... their pancakes... the edges are crispy and light but not too fluffy.  We usually get a side of corned beef hash which is just awesome but wow I try not to think about how much sodium is in it especially since I always get bacon too.The place has packed for a reason and they're not all tourists because Shadyside is a nice cozy neighborhood.  When locals pack a place consistently the reason is simple... the place is +++
5	This restaurant has quality food in a great neighborhood.
1	There are 2 types of "Good" restaurants in Pittsburgh. There is Yinzer good and Actually good. This food is Yinzer good. Way too much butter and sugar. Yuck.
5	3rd time I've eaten here and can't wait to return. The best reason to visit Pittsburgh.   We had Blueberry,  Banana Walnut,  and Banana Chocolate Chip Hotcakes.  Each was excellent, but LOVE the Banana Chocolate Chip.  Service was efficient, but not rushed.
3	We had to wait quite a bit for a table but once we got seated the food came out pretty fast. My friend and I ordered the chocolate chip banana hotcakes and Gail's famous eggs to share. The hotcakes were good as usual but I think it's over hyped. I didn't really like the eggs at all. It was creamier but it had this weird taste to it that I didn't like. We also got a side of bacon which was eh. We asked for the potatoes to be extra crispy and that definitely makes them so much better!
3	Pamela's is a classic brunch staple in Pittsburgh. I have many memories here from my college days, and it always brings back great memories when I dine here. After traveling around a bit and living in NYC, I admit I have been spoiled. In college, Pamela's was the best brunch thing to me, but now I've gotten pickier. The hot cakes are great as everyone had mentioned. It's a cross between a pancake and a crepe, but leans more towards the latter. I got the Banana Walnut Hotcake, and it definitely hit the spot. I also tried the Tex Mex Omelette, which was tasty as well. It had a little bit of heat, and the side potatoes were good too.Overall, a solid, safe bet for brunch. Be sure to get there early, as the dining room fills up quickly. Cash only (PNC ATM is across the street).
4	Maybe "yinzer good" isn't always such a bad thing. I went here the other morning and was quoted a 25-30 minutes wait time. It took 50 minutes. That seemed to be pretty standard so be prepared for that. Once we got in and ordered, the food came out almost immediately making the wait time more worth it. The hot cakes were delicious but be prepared for more buttery goodness than one should consume in a month. The potatoes were also half butter. I thought they tasted great if not a tad salty. The orange juice is more affordable than in most breakfast places but it wasn't mind blowing, I doubt it was fresh squeezed. My husband ordered eggs and hash which were also good but overly salty. We left feeling stuffed, guilty, and knowing that while the food was tasty our waistlines could only handle eating there once every couple of months.
2	Pamela's is the hottest thing in Pittsburgh, and they have lines of an hour long, going out the door, they don't take reservations, But I'm not sure why they have such high ratings. After waiting for an hour to get seated, we were expecting good food, and in reality, everything was drenched in butter. Everything was super greasy, buttery. Even their hotcakes (which are like crepes - love crepes) they look great, but once you taste them, it's all butter. Our party also tried the French toast and hash browns and those were super greasy too and didn't taste good at all. The reason it's so busy is because it's the only show in town. There are a few of them and there's really nowhere else to go. It's sad. Being from NJ and having many diners that compete with each other, there are some good tasting Diners making good French toast, crepes and hash browns. This was just a joke and DEFINITELY NOT WORTH THE WAIT. The service on the other hand, was very good and workers were very nice and helpful.
4	My friend suggested going to Pamela's for brunch when I was visiting by saying "Obama comes here when he's in town", so I was obviously game since hey, if it's good enough for the President... There was a bit of a wait when we arrived at 10:30, which is to be expected on the weekends. When we were finally seated in about half an hour, we decided to share the chocolate chip banana hotcakes, Gail's Famous Eggs, and a side of bacon. I also ordered a small orange juice, which I would recommend steering clear from. A small cup is big enough for a 3 year old and the orange juice tasted like 80% tap water, 20% orange juice concentrate. The food came out really fast, which was great since we were starving after waiting for a bit to be seated. I thought both plates were really delicious! The hot cakes were definitely a mix of a crepe and a pancake since the edges are thin and crispy and the middle was thicker and softer. Loved the bananas, chocolate chips, and whipped cream filling and really appreciated that they split the dish onto 2 plates for us. The eggs were also really good, but I wish the cream cheese was softer since it was difficult to spread on the eggs. We requested extra crispy Lyonnaise potatoes, which I would highly recommend since I prefer crispy potatoes to mushy ones. I would not recommend ordering the bacon unless you just want a bacon taste in your mouth since the bacon is paper thin, greasy, and not very satisfying.Overall, I thought everything was really tasty and a great spot for breakfast/brunch, especially if you have any visiting friends or family!
3	It was just OK for me. A cash only establishment that gets very busy, I just wanted a no thrills sort of pancakes and eggs breakfast, and for that it delivered. Service was a bit slow, but the big portions made up for it...almost too big...IS there such a thing? I had the pancakes that are sort of mixed with a crepe, they were huge and not too bad. My egg was quite overdone however, but the sausages were good. Prices are on point, just not really a place I could see coming back to all the time, especially with the crowds.
5	Came here based on the reviews and OMG Pamela's did not disappoint! In a cute quaint area with nice shops all around & is a retro but contemporary feeling decor.  and the food was the BOMB.COM with super fast, friendly service.
4	Recommend by several senior student of mine in CMU, finally I came here today for my dear friends birthday. Food in here really amazing and served very fast. Associates in Pamela's also very kind and sweet. But they only receive cash no credit card such a pity.  Love this dinning experience and will come back very soon :D
4	Good food, cooked well, came out hot. Service was also very good. Waitress came back to top off coffees more than once. Prices also good, but cash only. Wouldn't wait if a really long line, but definitely would go early to get a better than average breakfast out.
3	Pamela's is a staple and a classic to the Pittsburgh region. I've eaten at 3 locations: Oakland, Shadyside, and the Strip District. There's usually a line and no reservations, and they only take cash. I usually get the banana chocolate chip hotcakes, and sometimes will get just the chocolate chip hotcakes with whipped cream which are both equally delicious! The service is good as well, as they bring you waters the moment you sit down, and ultimately they are trying to get tables their food and ultimately get new customers in the door.
3	The food was generally good. Made the mistake of going during the lunch rush so the wait was a little bit longer than what I expect is normal. Ordered the chorizo and eggs; the chorizo itself was a little crispy, and burned for my taste but was still good. Looking forward to trying out the famous hotcakes at another point. Definitely recommend Pamela's for a brunch or breakfast in general.
4	Midmorning on a Sunday, we had to wait about fifteen minutes for a table for 5. The kids had pancakes and waffles. The teenager nearly passed out from happiness over the chocolate chip waffle. The three year old had to closely protect his pancake because his mother and I kept stealing bites whenever he let his guard down. I had a chorizo hash special. It wasn't spicy, but neither was it underspiced and I enjoyed it to the last bite.It wasn't diner prices, but I felt like it was fair.While we waited, we stood over vent outside Prantl's to stay warm and enjoy the bakery aroma.
4	Deliciously hearty breakfast foods served up diner style. Service and turnover is quick so you never have to wait too long. The crepe style pancakes are a must have. Anything with their signature potatoes is a must have. Juices are not fresh squeezed, FYI.
4	I always love love love the food here,  but seriously dislike the coffee,  and I'm usually pretty easy going with coffee.
4	We kept it simple: hotcakes, eggs, and sausage. Everything was cooked properly and was tasty in its simplicity. I'm not a big pancake fan, but these hotcakes were really good. The edges had a caramelized crisp, and the rest of the cake was thin and not overly cakey. It was a really good breakfast.
4	Lovely warm place and nice staff. Beef corned potatoes are very good. I have been their twice and still want to go again. ONLY CASH IS ACCEPTED
4	We liked everything except the bacon. Another waiter recommended the ham for next time. If you like potatoes be sure to ask for extra crispy. The crepes were great come in a stack of three. I'd suggest getting one or two only. The fresh strawberry were great even though out of season. Definitely will eat here again.
