5	My and I have been to Augie's twice in the last week.  The first time we tried it for lunch and had the following results:  I ordered a meatball sub and it was good but was short on flavor.  My lovely wife ordered a hot dog with onion rings.  She said the dog was good and I sampled the onion rings and they were great!  The only bad thing was that we sat at the pub tables in the bar area and they are too small for lunch.  The second visit was on Friday night for happy hour and here are the results:  We arrived around 6pm and the place was full of people.  We sat at the bar and the service was very good.  I ordered Southwest Eggrolls and my wife had Buffalo Wings.  They were both great.  The manager stopped and talked to us and mentioned that he had seen us earlier in the week for lunch.  We rated our visit very highly and will return soon!
4	We had the pleasure of eat at Augie's tonight and glad we did!  Very good food and the pretzel buns are awesome!  I had a buffalo chicken sandwich and wife had the chili burger and we were both very impressed.  Good service, high quality food, more flat panel TV's that you could shake a stick at, very nice decor (even in the bathrooms!)We have a cat named Auggie so kinda cool to visit "her place" :)We got to meet the owner and seemed very appreciative to have patrons (as he should) and seem genuine in asking for feedback on our meals.
5	We have made numerous visits to Augie's in the last couple of months.  Each time we stop the service is great along with the food.  Today was another visit for happy hour.  Upon arrival we sat at the bar and the bartender had our drinks in front of us with in 3 minutes.  The lady next to me had just ordered the Border Burger and it looked super tasty, so we decided to split it.  I can honestly say it is one of the best burgers I have ever had.  It is a half pound burger with cheese and guacamole with onion, banana pepper, lettuce and maybe a little cilantro!   The burger came with onion rings which could be even better than before.  So, we ate and the bar started to empty out a little bit.  The manager stopped by to say "hi" and thank us for stopping in.  We always feel welcome and like we belong there whenever we visit.   One other observation is that all the employees seen to work as a team.  We noticed the bar manager taking food out to the people on the patio.  The manager was involved in the kitchen area and also serving food.  Everyone was making sure that the customers were happy.   Overall another great experience!
4	Been to Augie's on a few occasions and always enjoyed myself. Great TVs, good layout, and the most amazing staff at any Sports Bar in the Valley. The staff is very attentive and makes sure that you are well taken care of (that is worth 4 stars right there). They have a very good beer list for both draft and bottle, and the bartenders know their stuff. The food is spectacular. I went in expecting the typical "Buffalo Wings and Burgers" but was really surprised with how versatile the menu is. The burgers all come on an amazing pretzel bun, and the meat is fresh. They have amazing offers during happy hour which includes half price apps as well. Try the pretzels. Large, soft pretzels served warm with a side of sweet mustard or a cheesy jalapeno sauce. As for what W.S. had to say about no UFC Fight:  That was the first weekend of the NCAA Basketball Tourney and everyone in the place was wrapped up in good college basketball. Just because they aren't pandering to the Tap-Out T-Shirt crowd over the largest sporting tournament doesn't make them 'busch (sic) league', it just makes them savvy business owners.
2	My friends read my review of Augie's and didn't not feel the same way and asked me to try it again except not at happy hour.  We returned and sat at the bar on a Saturday afternoon about 5pm.  The place was very busy.  The manager noticed us but said very little.  We placed our order of: One Border Burger and Chicken Tender Appetizer with two beers.  The burger came out and was terrible and cold.  The chicken came out and was four pieces of average sized chicken for $9.95!  So, we ate and each had another beer.  When the bill came I was not very happy!    It was very close to $50!        Now, I can see what my friends were talking about......   Too expensive for what you get!   Next time we will try the 2 for $20 special at TGI Fridays.....
4	Pretzel sticks beer and burgers.
4	Augies was recommended by a friend and said it was a great small mom and pop place.. The food was great for a bar and grill and the service at least on my first visit was great.  Love the pretzels and the hamburgers on a pretzel bun.  The beer selection is respectable.  Definitely the place to go if you are tired of the buffalo wild wings and other places that are overrun by annoying punks and loud mouths during ball games.
4	Here is the scenario... Baseball team and a few wives need to get a bite after playing baseball all day in a tournament. The main requirement is TVs. Quality and type of food not important, though greasy fare is always welcomed by boys watching sports. Where do you go when you are at the Goodyear ball park and want something close so you do not miss a minute more of the World Series? Augie's, apparently.We were very happy to find lots of TVs, and almost all of them with the baseball game on. We took up a huge portion of the bar area booth and table seating and faced in all directions, needing the multiple televisions. This location became important two days in a row out at Goodyear, though I will only be writing about the first when we had some of the Augie's greasy food. We did order just that. We could have opted for some salads or more meal like items but did not really want to eat too heavy, even though it was more like dinner time. We had had a decent size lunch and just were not really ready yet. So, we god iced tea, a lemonade, pretzel sticks, southwest egg rolls and waffle fries. Like I said, grease. The service was just average and our food really seemed to take forever. I guess deep frying everything takes time. Our appetizers arrived and everything really looked tasty. The pretzel sticks, which I am always a sucker for, looked really delicious. I doubt them make them fresh here, but I am not that picky. They were big, fluffy and fresh. Better than most ball park ones I have had. The honey mustard dip was great but the cheesy one was to wine tasting for me. The fries were fries. I wish they had had a little more spice to them. The southwest egg rolls were yummy. I have had them other places and they were pretty comparable. Overall, it was a pretty good experience. Everyone seemed happy. The boys got beer, greasy fare and tv's. The Giants won, so they were all ecstatic! Our food was pretty good and the waitress did an above average job of keeping our drinks with something in them. If you are nearby and need to watch some sports and get a little appetizer food and drinks, this is a good choice.
5	Good food and good service! Highly recommend!
4	Fun place, looks like a cowboy (football) bar.  The bar staff is really good also, serg and Kat are really good bartenders and when you get to know them I'm sure they will start taking care of ya.
4	This place has awesome burgers. Definitely, one of the best burgers in town. If you are in the mood for a burger and fries, this is the place to try.  Have not tried anything else on the menu so I really can't rate the other food. I'll keep coming back for the burgers!
4	I had a good time there watching Ohio State basketball, they promptly put it on the tube for me and food was actually really good (wings) and a little slow on the beer refills but gave me a free drink for my patience without me having said anything so i'm a fan for sure. Also they seem to hold a FREE poker tourney each Tues eve which i did not join in but had i felt so inclined i'm sure would've been entertaining. I will return.
1	I am not sure where to start......  After meeting some friends for a bbq my wife suggested that we stop for a few drinks at Augie's.  We arrived about 8:15 and the place was pretty busy.  We found a seat at the bar and ordered a couple of beers and cheese sticks.  I guess they didnt hear our order because we received Pretzels and cheese instead.  Not a big deal but WTF....  They had music playing and a customer who looked somewhat like Jabba the Hut (seriously) wasnt satisfied with the volume turned it up many times and the staff kept turning it down.  This was happening while many families were there trying to enjoy there meals.This bar came complete with a overweight drunk girl that was making her way around the bar and kissing multiple guys and trying to jam her tongue as far down their throat as possible.  She apparently was friends with the young female bartender who continued to watch her and give her shots.  I guess I expect this at other places such as Roman's Oasis but what a treat to see this while enjoying a few beers and Pretzels.  Dont stop reading......  We are just getting to the good part.   I noticed a drunk young guy sitting at the end of the bar.  He had a baseball cap on and his face was very red.  His eyes were closed from time to time while he was waiting for his friends to return.  I could tell he was trashed...  I told my wife to take and look and sure enough when she did, he threw up a little bit on the bar and his hand.  He cleaned it up a bit but just sat there.   I told both the bartenders and they did NOTHING....   A few minuted later he had major projectile vomit at the bar.    I told the manager (who apparently couldnt see what we were watcing) and he went to talk to the customer.  The manager asked him to leave but I guess in not a very forceful way because the customer finished his beer and then left.   The end of our incredible visit was capped off by the following event.  The bartender came and told me that "the guy at the end of the bar wants to buy you a drink".  I asked "does he want to buy me a drink or my wife?".  She stated that he wanted to buy us both a drink.  I told her "no thank you".  My wife went to the restroom shortly after this and "the guy at the end of the bar" followed her.  He returned before she did and came over to talk to me.  He explained that he was a regular at the bar and continued talking to me about a bunch of nonsense and soon I just ignored him until he left.  I am confused why a self proclaimed college student would want to buy us drinks. This place needs help...   I am not sure the owner knows this is going on.  If the owner is the manager I spoke to, then he is in way over his head.   It will not survive.....  If it does, it wont be from me spending money there.
4	Great food and service a hidden gem. There is also live music on Saturday nights. Their menu has some of the best pizza I have had since leaving the East Coast. The portions are generous and the staff keeps the drink refills coming. You should also try the burgers on pretzel buns, this is not fast food burger for sure.
1	I am not sure how the food or drinks are at this place because they were so understaffed, we were unable to get a beer. After putting our name in, we went to the bar and waited for at least 10 minutes and could not get any service. There was one bartender and she was working hard. I cannot believe this place would be short staffed on a Saturday night. There was a Spring Training game that night, too and only a couple of places to grab a bite prior to the game. One would think there would be several bartenders on a night like this. We decided to leave and probably not come back.
5	Ok so I live right down the street and I would say I've been to a fair amount of bars and restaurants and clubs being 21 anyways I always would drive by this place and always wanted to give it a try I'm a sporty kind of girl so a co worked said augies was awesome so we went we had drinks till they closed I order a margarita it was awesome they add orange juice which is supper good and they were giving out prizes for doing shots I declined lol but I order the mozzeralla sticks they were bomb.com they were so good they were wrapped in a egg roll it was different but really good service and staff were awesome fast the bar was clean there were families singles couples and even some senior citizens so I loved it so much I took my husband we sat at the bar the bartender was on it the bar was full and we were never left with an empty glass we tipped her very good one of the best bartenders I have seen with awesome service I had an pizza husband had a burger which he loved since as a man that's all he eats the place was packed but there was room at the bar I felt super comfty everyone was happy and having a good time it was a Thursday evening they had an band who played Zach brown and country favorites and other bar favorites they were awesome wish we could o stayed longer ... Also if u really think ur gunna be able to go to any bar and watch a fight for free ur crazy these other negative reviews r one of many good reviews I have gone twice and have never had bad luck same with my friends I recommend this place way better then native new yorker!!!! Love love augies new place for drinks:)
3	I've eaten at this place twice and have had mixed experiences.  My first time was good enough for a return visit. The second time, well, didn't quite live up to my expectations. My first visit was on a weekday in the middle of the afternoon and the place was dead. Service was good and I had a club sandwich and a salad and everything was very good. The sandwich was large with generous portions of meat. The salad was excellent quality for a sports bar and the dressing was fantastic. Our second visit we went for happy hour and the place was a zoo. There was a table of about 20 people who probably worked together making all kinds of racket and several women were noticeably drunk and obnoxiously loud. The NBA Finals were on and I actually I had to ask the waitress to put the game on, which was also kind of annoying. Its a sports bar for crying out loud! I was very hungry. We ordered wings and when our waitress brought them out I immediately lost my appetite. They looked disgusting. I tried one and couldn't even finish it. They had freezer burn, small and bony and the sauce was peculiar too. My girlfriend thought they were fine and I let her eat them and ordered some chicken tenders. The tenders turned out good, but between the wings and the noise I was too thrilled about my visit. Also,  the TV's they have a very nice, but the layout of the restaurant limits your viewing pleasure. Many tables and booths don't offer good views. My family lives right around the corner from this place so I may return to watch a game there, but I would only give it one more chance. Probably not recommended.
2	Well, I was kind of excited trying this place out because it looks like a nice place from the outside but it turned out to be just a Meh experience.  My wife had a burger and salad, and I had some wings.  The wings were good sized but the taste was just ok.  My wife's burger was cooked good (med. - med. rare) but the bun was really hard.  She ended up taking the bun off.  The prices here seemed really high for the type of food, I can think of several places to go where the food is better and it would not of cost as much.  Would I go here again, probably not.  I would definitely not go out of my way.
5	OK so hers the deal with augies, its a 5 star joint with a 10000 grade rating.  The staff, including the mangers are spot on, and just overall bad ass! You need to come Down and see what all the fun is about.
4	I dropped into Augie's about 10pm Saturday night because as I drove past, the outdoor patio was jammed with people dancing to a live band which sounded great.  While clean and easily accessible, my first opinion once inside was, Yep... its a sports bar.The live band I have since been told, was named "Thaddeus Rose" playing 70s to modern top 40s music and was really great! Had the crowd of very mixed ages (children as well) dancing, laughing and enjoying themselves when I arrived.     The help was friendly offering me a drink and a menu a few minutes after I sat down.  I might add, it would have been better to get my order immediately rather than leave me sitting there - uncomfortably alone and empty handed - for a few minutes to long.  If I had NOT been alone, it would not have mattered as much.  The beer was ice cold however and once I got my first beer, the staff was great, offering a menu as well.  If you are a sports fan, you'll love all the games and sporting events displayed on the televisions surrounding the bar and eating area. The prices on food and drinks seemed alright but again, I did not sample any food here so I can not comment on that aspect but the atmosphere was nice and not to loud. (at least inside by the bar.).On a sided note, the mens' bathroom was out of hand towels so I had the pleasure of air drying my hands, on my pants.  It is NOT the kind of place I'd bring a first date but I plan on going back with friends to watch a game or two and do some drinking.
5	I can't believe I haven't been here before. After a long day at the mall, dealing with way too many Christmas shoppers, all I wanted was a quiet dinner before heading back home with the family. My kids suggested Augie's. At first I was worried that it would be the typical, loud, overcrowded sports bar. Though we did have to wait for a table (it was, after all, Saturday night), it wasn't annoyingly loud at all. I was a little taken aback by the prices...that is, until the food came. The portions are HUGE and the food is really good! The best part of the night: there was a live band playing music from the 50's through today- mostly rock- and everyone was dancing. My sons and I danced to several songs. My husband and I did as well. It was so much fun! My eldest son (10) was a hit with the ladies as he did the can-can with them to "New York, New York"! I must say I was definitely happily surprised. We will be back; with and without the kids!
5	Augies has a great happy hour, with half price appetizers. I go here just for the southwestern chimi's... they are delicious!
4	Great happy hour!  Lots of good beer on tap.  Found my new favorite Leinenkoogals Sunset Wheat.  If you like Blue Moon, you'll love this one.  Make sure to have the pretzel sticks with you beer, they are delicious!  Staff is friendly and never let your chilled glass stay empty.
1	Bad Food and Worse Service.  I don't think that they like or want customers.  We waited for 10 minutes to get seated, another 10 minutes for our waitress to come by and 40 more minutes for our food.  No explanation, no apology.  I'm not one who likes to complain but when I mentioned our disappointment to the night manager, he told me that if I didn't like my experience, I didn't have to come back.  I think I'll take his advice.
5	I've been here many times. The food is fantastic and I've never had a bad meal. It seems to get better every time I go. It's great to have a non-chain sports bar so close. I love the weekend specials and the ribs are off the charts delicious.
4	Descent food, great drinks and outstanding management.  The manager was so observant to what his customers needed and what his staff was doing.  Great job.
4	The veggie wrap is good, there are bands Wed., Thurs., & Sat. ....oh yeah and lots 'o draft beer - available in pitchers. Half off appetizers during happy hour (4-7). Lots of flat screens (even outside) to watch sports. No cover UFC. Good service and personable management. I would give 5 stars if they added a bike rack.
4	This is one of those places I'd wished I'd visited sooner. I finally decided to stop by after getting my hair done and was really pleasently suprised. I had the French Philly sandwhich and it was awesome! Also it was ladies night (Wednesday) and they had 99 cent domestic drafts which is always a win in my book.  We'll absolutely be back, I'd love to check out one of the live music nights.
4	another yelp recommendation that i am glad i followed.  place was very clean, staff friendly and fast and food was good.  other than having my ncaa brackets blown up, good place to watch the tournament.  truly a hidden gem!
5	We loved Augie's. We searched Yelp for a place to eat in Goodyear before the Reds Spring Training Game. May have seen the hardest working bartender I've ever seen. The dude had all of the tables in the bar area, a packed bar and he was pouring drinks right and left and still gave us 5 star attention and service. My brother ordered the wings...pretty solid. I had an order of onion rings...& I've had better but I was just looking for a little snack to go with my beer. Everyone else in the place seemed to be enjoying themselves. The couple behind us ordered a pizza and said it was some of the best they've ever had. Augie's was pretty awesome for a couple of guys who were headed to a ballgame.
3	Had some time to kill and was hungry so stopped here to grab a bite to eat.  First, my waitress seem dumbfounded that a girl was in there by herself.  It's like she didn't know how to interact with a single female.  I get it that you flirt and wear low-cut shirts for the guys for tips (I did the same thing back in the day), but jeez!  Food was ok.  Like someone else mentioned, seems like alot of things are just reheated or fried.  Price a little high if not making to order, but not outrageous.  Bar looked to be very well stocked!  I saw alot of regulars come in that were greeted by name by staff.  Seems like you could have  A LOT of fun here with the TVs and live music and alcohol.  Wouldn't go back for the food (pretzel bun was good tho!) but for the late-night atmosphere.
5	This is a must visit. Two best bartenders in Goodyear are when Derrick and Dakota (commonly referred to as "sweatpants") are working the bar. Derrick is the muscle and sweatpants is the face. Menu can be a tad pricey but for a bar experience. This is the place to hang out at.
3	The staff is attentive and helpful. We brought our kids one night to get dinner. Our food was predictably bar food- fried and heavy but not bad. We visited on a week night and they had a musician playing. We literally could not talk at our table. It was so incredibly loud we couldn't even hear each other. I am giving 3 stars only because of service. I would give 2 stars for the ambiance and because I wouldn't go here for date night or with my kids for dinner. It would be great just to watch a game or to go with someone you don't want to talk to.
5	This was our first time there as we didn't know they were there.  There was a fundraiser for our school.  The food was very good.  Service was attentive.  My husband had ordered pepper jack cheese on his burger.  The "runner" bought out our food and before he could even think about it, the server ran right over saying that they gave him the wrong cheese and wanted to bring him a new burger.  He said it was ok.  First thing you know, the owner came over to try to make it right.  All in all, they came over five times to check to make sure it was okay.  The owner then offered us a sundae to make up for the mistake.  We were too full to accept his kind offer.  We have decided that we are glad that we found this place because we are going back!
2	Not that special at all.  Waitress lagged quite a bit, food was okay, overall actually a fairly poor experience.  If we're ever in the area again, my wife and I will probably look elsewhere for lunch.
4	This place is like a local Cheers.  The staff gets to know you and you get to meet friendly other 'regulars'.  The food is pretty good if you're looking for appetizers.  They will gladly modify items too if you are looking for a healthier fare.  The bartenders and manager that I am familiar with ask you if you'd like to order food or drink before happy hour expires or advise you to do so in a few minutes if you are nearing a happy hour.  I wish they had pool tables!
3	Augie's was an okay sports bar with nice, attentive staff. Happy Hour had some good specials, and the space is comfortable. Why not more stars? In two words: the food. Offerings are standard bar fare, but sub-par in flavor and quality, never mind creativity. I had wings, which were overdone, sad little things, over-sauced and chewy. The buffalo chicken sandwich was much better, but still...IMHO, they could use a bit more attention to the menu, but maybe it's what the masses are looking for.
4	Stopped in for a quick beer and cocktail. Quick service at the bar and also had a fast meal out of the kitchen. For what I stopped for I was very satisfied.
3	Went on a night that they had a live band on the patio.....was a nice atmosphere. Drinks were good but food was just okay. May go back if other places are too busy.
4	Fun little sports bar in Goodyear! The employees here are very fun and know how to have a great time while on the clock. I have tried a few things off the appetizer menu and had a couple drinks. Food it pretty good, and the atmosphere is very fun.
1	Augies sucks effen nasty... White nachos how bout no... Pretzel Burger how bout eff no 10000 thumbs down.!
2	This place really packs them in. One big positive is the Wait staff was really attentive to all it's patrons. Negatives .... Very average food. Wings were definitely a frozen product and tasted like it too. Patty Melt was really average. Burger... Meh, take it or leave it. Seems like this place could do a lot better food quality wise. Outside patio was a plus due to some great spring weather. One large table of guys were WAY OVERSERVED on cocktails. The shots and drinks kept coming even though they were clearly wasted, cussing up a storm and clearly obnoxious. Other customers trying to have a meal and conversation were clearly uncomfortable but management never did a thing to stop the madness! This place is clearly heading for a lawsuit if they don't stop over serving the booze when some idiot gets back in his car and causes a bad if not deadly accident. What a shame!
4	Great Happy Hour deal. Appetizers are outstanding. That quesadilla is amazing. Beautiful staff and friendly locals.
4	Great service , beer selection. Food was ok ' very welcoming to spring training travelers . Not far from Indians park .
3	Food was OK but $2.75 for a plain iced tea??? Almost $6 for my wife and I to have and iced tea and it was never refilled.And places wonder why people order water with their meal and skip the drinks? I never have ordered water because I feel guilty and want to pay for the drink that I have with my meal. I can assure you I won't be paying $2.75 for an iced tea here again, water for me next time.The iced tea cost me 50% of the food bill.
5	I have had many weekly visits to Augie's over a three year period.  And let me say the following....The reason you come to Augie's may not always be for the food, or the drinks, it is more for the atmosphere.  I can't personally think of another venue in the West Valley that has... - Clean environment - Live Music (no cover by the way)- Trivia- Sports- Food- Owners, bartenders, and waitstaff that actually CARE about your timeFor all the reviews against the food.  You are at a sports bar.  Let me say this again, you are at a sports bar.  If you want a filet mignon, go to a freaking steak house.  If you want the best meal of your life, go to a five star restaurant.  Augie's is a sports bar, and, in turn, it serves sports bar food.In terms of amenities, Augie's is the place to go if you want a local establishment where people literally know your name.  If you want a local watering hole, go to Augie's.  The owners are almost always present, something most local establishments can't say anymore, and if they aren't, the bartenders and managers will be sure to treat you kindly.  They are a fun bunch, and I sure do miss the heck out of this place.  I would prefer to spend my time, and money, where it is appreciated, and Augie's does just that.
5	The friendly bartenders here not only remember my name and favorite drink, but always help me find a seat on crowded UFC fight nights.  Thanks Dakota and Brett for always doing a great job!
5	We love Augies for the food and people who work there - always a friendly greeting when we arrive and a check on out happiness with the food and service when we leave. Great salad, ribs, wings and burgers. Affordable with a nice neighborhood feel.
2	The live music always looks inviting when I pick up Chinese at Yans nearby... But both times I've tried it... I've been unimpressed. Service is subpar and so is the food.
5	This was my first time here..Food was delicious and the service was exceptional. (Try there Jalapeno Margarita, YUM!) A manager even came around and greeted tables. Now that's what I call COSTUMER SERVICE!! Definitely coming back!!!
1	I have been here a few times when it was busy. Got good service and friendly servers. I went there on a Sunday afternoon when it was slow with young new bartender. I sat at the bar while she flirted with a couple roided out guys she was hooked on. I finally just left. I would be back but just was not loving the Sunday afternoon service.
4	Stopped in to watch the World Cup & have lunch. Excellent food and service. Our table had wings, a patty melt, a Reuben and the "beef it up" roast beef sandwich. All fresh & delicious. Friendly patrons and staff with lots of TVs.
4	I had a drink while waiting for a client to show. (Never Did) The bar guy was awesome, chatting it up with most of the regulars and even with me the random new guy. The service appeared to be on point and the food sounded good. The place was clean and inviting. There is not much eles in ther area as of yet but I did notice a brewery being built.
3	Decent atmosphere... food is good. We usually go for UfC and decided to stop in when they had a band. Wish the live music was better.
3	Pretty disappointed based on my experience during restaurant week. we arrived 3 minutes after reserved time and were told that our table would be ready soon (with no range of time expected to wait). after having to wait 20 min + , we finally asked if we can be seated at the bar. shame because we ended up not being able to enjoy out full meal ( a co worker ended up inhaling g his entree not being able to get to dessert)overall no major complaints about the food but definitely expected them to handle the volume/ traffic better during restaurant week as well as how the reservations were spaced out and food executed.
3	they were out of ham so no Cuban sandwich....bummer.  good customer service however in that the manager adjusted the price of the sandwich I did get
