4	Great new addition to Town Square!  I love that you can get wine by the glass or 1/2 glass.  The prices were quite reasonable, the atmosphere was really nice and the bartender was helpful as well.  This place should do really well!
3	i think i would like this place better if they had a happy hour. it was a little pricey for 5:45/6pmish. especially next to yard house. the food was good, but small plate style. i came with a hungry male who just wanted to eat. i tried the cucumber martini that was recommended by our waitress and it was good. strong yet refreshing. we shared the pommes frites ($6 for a cone) and those were yummy. the blazin sliders were awesome. i love the guacamole on them and they had just the right amount of spice to them. 9 dollars for 2 though. the male friend was not pleased. the three little piggies were great. (10 dollars for 3) bacon wrapped dogs with a pastry puff? oh my. get in my mouth! (that's what she said.) but really. those were so good. our waitress hardly checked on us and when we had to flag her down we caught her staring off into space. poor girl must've been bored. it was over 40 dollars for all the goodies and my male friend still left hungry. so ladies if you come here with a guy make sure they understand small plates and sharing. for the prices of the small plates though i think i'd rather opt for firefly. it was okay, but not omg gimmie more!i may come back if i hear about a happy hour.
2	Cool decor, it's nice how the doors open onto the front and the little fireplace outside is a nice addition.The music they played, which was very loud techno, that you have to yell over  (why do places play music like that??)  which did not go with the atmosphere. More mellow-type music would go better.Least favorite thing was how expensive the drinks were.
4	I agree that the music didn't exactly fit the atmosphere. It's very loungey and comfortable, especially on the patio, which I love. But I do think the atmosphere would have been enhanced if there was more of a variety of music. Something hip and alternative maybe. Service was better than most places in Town Square and the manager was even checking in with diners to make sure they were enjoying themselves. This is almost an anomaly in Vegas it seems, so I thought that was impressive. I think that the food is a little pricey for the portion sizes you receive and it's hard to convince myself the $12 is worth it for the martinis with Blue Martini being right up the stairs where I can get 1/2 off just for being in the industry. Happy Hour or some other specials would definitely help get people to return. Overall, I really enjoyed it and would absolutely go back!
3	I met the lovely Chastine V. and Megan M. here for drinks after work. I was, as usual, running late so by the time I arrive it was the last few minutes of happy hour (which is from 3:30-7:30pm) and the other ladies already had drinks and placed a food order. I didn't like that the happy hour specials were not more clearly indicated. The waitress rattled off what my options were and waited for me to select. When I go to a new place for the first time, I like to check out all my options before deciding on something but I suppose that's what I get for being late.  I ended up getting a Stella since it was the happy hour beer. I know, ordering a beer at a wine bar? Not really my style but the wines that were on special didn't appeal to me. I was disappointed when the waitress brought back a bottle of Stella and said the tap had just run out. Bottled beer is not the same as beer from the tap, but at least it was half price.I didn't bother ordering food because again, the items that were half price simply did not appeal to me and the items that did appeal to me seemed pricey. Service was ok, our waitress seemed a bit spacey when it came time to split our bill but it could have been a lot worse. Will I be back? That I am really not sure of, Town Square has places I have enjoyed drinking at more then Double Helix. .. Maybe if I am already there and craving a glass of Merlot....
5	Great ambiance, great food, great wine and whiskey selection. Perfect spot for locals to hang out and enjoy not being in a casino.       P.s. Try the meatballs
4	I've been to both the Palazzo and Townsquare location, and I can say that I both like them equally.  The interior decoration for this location is very dark, but light and chill.  I like how the set up is made, and the mood of the music can be quite interesting if you come on a good day.  Sometimes it would be indie, other times it would be house. Regardless of that I did wish that the music was a little lower than it should be, I don't think we're at a night club guys.  Well onto other important factors, the people at the bar a nice.  Sometimes you might even have intriguing conversations with them.  I'd like to add that there is happy hour, but only on selected items and it varies on certain days.  The food here has been the number one attention grabber for me so far, I've tried almost everything on the menu and I can say I'm quite impressed for a bar that's well known for their wine.  For those who complain about the prices of the drinks, they're not selling the cheap stuff. You can't get a glass of merlot and expect it to be $2.00, you're not paying for a glass full of crap.  So excuse my language, but this isn't your typical bar where you just order cocktails and shots.  They do serve wine and the expensive stuff by the glass, hence the name "WINE and WHISKEY."The food's served as tapas, somewhat like a Firefly experience.  What I did get to try were the:- Aracini: It was delicious and oozing hot fresh when I first bit into it.  The taste of the truffle oil was dominant, and I loved it.- BBQ Pork sliders - I love the taste of coleslaw in any burger, and I was happy to have it incorporated.  - Quesidilla - MMmmmMM, what a well incorporated dish. Everything just oozed together, I was merely impressed. And the addition of guacamole just made my day.- Heriloom Burrata - all I know that the prosciutto and cheese with basil leaf anything, is always good. - Chipotle Slider - Guacamole in any slider with bacon in my book, is worth trying.  - French Fries - Ahh the crispiness of their fries, and the two sauces on the side.  I love fries, so you can never go wrong with that.   Aside from the food, I hope they do continue to improve with their kinks and do well because there food is amazingly delicious. That with a glass of Moscato, and I'm good. Tipsy even. ^_^
5	I like the new place. Great vibe, food and wine. See you there! I had the American Fries and Sliders and of course a Vodka Cran!
3	This weekend was full of catching up with old friends and meeting new friends for me. I love having those kinds of weekends. I went here last night with a group of friends. We decided on this place because it is in Town Square and is convenient. I enjoyed my time here. All of the girls in the group got the ABC flight of wines. It stand for "Anything But Chardonnay". So basically a group of three white wines, served cold. I personally enjoyed this grouping a lot. The beginning glass to the last glass was perfect, it fit the palette correctly. I ended the night with a glass of Riesling. We started out inside at the large round table in the back. I felt as though we were the Knights of the Round Table. The place itself is nice, the chairs are cushy and comfortable. We ended our night outside on the patio, which I thought was lovely. The only complaint would be the battling music going on with this place being between Yard House and Nu Sanctuary... it was just kind of annoying to be getting hit with three different booming music systems. I think the prices are bit out of range for this place being in Town Square. I believe their other store front is in Palazzo, which would make sense for the prices. But I think the owners must not have done any price changes at all, which I think they should consider if they want to continue to be successful in Town Square.
3	I feel my review may be a little unfair because I didn't actually order anything when I went there...but I'll do what I can.The staff:  It's a wine bar.  I'm not asking for experienced Somms but you know an inexperienced one when you see one.  I wouldn't suggest die hard wine lovers come to this place...I think it's for a more relaxed sipper.  The hostess/sommelier/waitress/eye candy girl was very nice.  I think the rule is though, you don't pour your own wine, but the guys I was with were really left with no choice.  She didn't come back for a while.  It wasn't a busy night...maybe she could tell we were bored..The goods:  Their water was fantastic!  Seriously that's all I ordered.  My friends seemed to enjoy the bottle of Riesling they ordered (shame I didn't share it with them, Riesling is my favorite), and I had a sip of some Desert Blood thing.  Not too bad.The atmosphere:  I was really confused.  I expected a modern almost futuristic design but it seemed like it was a cross between a hookah lounge complete with Indian lanterns and a pub, squishy leather loveseats included.I definitely want to give it another shot, maybe pull everything I can out of the experience.  But until then, I'm afraid this is all I've got.
4	A good place with some very interesting foods.  The price was a little high, but the quality is not bad.  If you are in Town Square this is also not a bad place to visit.  It is a cigar bar, so if you are not liking cigars, this might be a challenge, but the drinks are good, the food is good and the service is good.This is a place we would go back to only because they do have outdoor seating so you can eat, drink and enjoy without being overwhelmed by cigar smoke/smell if you are not into cigars.The selection of the menu is a good range of small items to sharing items if you are into sharing.  I would recommend this place if you are in Town Square.
3	We popped in here for Girls' Night on a Friday night because we heard about $5.00 wine tasting and various food specials. Yay! A new place, new tastes, and deals to boot. How can you go wrong?Let's start with that part, shall we?The service was mediocre at first, and that's being a bit generous. It was about 15 minutes before HH/tasting specials were to start and the place was not busy by any stretch. Three or four servers and two bartenders seems like plenty of staff to get this party started with some recommendations and indivualized attention and service.Um... *flags someone down, gets acknowledged, waits a bit longer*Let's try that again. "wave/flag/air horn*Hmmm..."Oh! Hi, didn't see you (after making eye contact a few times)." *sigh*Once we began ordering it wasn't that bad. It's still a cumulative experience, however, and it was a tad slow throughout the night.The other WTF moment came when the specials were explained. Two specific dishes and only the house wine were offered as specials. The server even admitted that the tasting was almost always the house wine. So it's not a tasting, but a special on house wine. Got it.We ordered a couple glasses of wine to taste something new (and help us decide on a bottle) and then ordered a bottle of the collective favorite. The wine selection isn't bad. I found some new things to consider and some solid restaurant favorites. Still, for a place that is part wine bar, I have seen better lists in lesser places. Just a thought. We also decided on food and ordered the steak (one of the specials) and a charcuterie plate.*This* is where it all picks up. The steak was generously portioned for a tapas/appetizer selection, had a fantastic flavor, and was perfectly tender. The charcuterie plate was fantastic. I wish there were more (quantity of each versus quantity of choice - there were lots of different flavors already represented) cheese to go with the copious amounts of meat. That is my only hangup, however, as everything was paired creatively and the small additions (gelees, fruits, nuts, etc.) were unquestionably complementary... and seasonal to boot, always a plus!We also shared a death-by-chocolate sampler that, aside from being a diabetic coma on a beautiful plate, was done well. Various takes on sweetness, richness, and textures made it all work together and offered something for every type of sweet tooth.Service improved a bit, as I said, as the night went on... but it was still a little too inattentive (including forgotten water, twice).Parts of the evening were 4-4.5 stars, some were 2. Overall, a solid 3-star (maybe even 3.5), A-OK kind of place that, even if just for the charcuterie, is most likely worth a return visit.
3	Went here for a quick happy hour visit before dropping a friend off at the airport. The prices during happy hour and selection were great, I didn't try any of the food so can't comment on that yet. The bartender was very attentive and helpful. The happy hour sangria, although a smaller cup, was very strong and tasty. I'm glad another good wine bar opened up in place of the last one and I'm definitely going to visit again to try out some of their food.
5	Double Helix @ Town   Square is one of my favorite happy hour spots.  Their hh is a generous 3:30 - 7:30 daily with half off house wines and selected appetizers.  Their house wines are pretty decent.  I can't visit without ordering their Southern Shrimp & Grits or the Truffle Bruschetto cheese, (which is cow + sheep milk blend for extra flavor + dimension . folded with pieces of black + white truffle . sweet + tender + plenty of earthy truffle flavor) paired with one of their tasty charcuterie choices.Great menu &  service.  Reasonable prices with fantastic location.
2	They have an above -average assortment of wine and whiskey.  The atmosphere leaves little to be desired.  I would go here if my wife was shopping...it's fine if you're a tourist but there are better wine bars and better places in town for whiskey too!
4	Can't speak on the food but the drinks are to die for! I had my first mint Julep, done to perfection here, as well as a specialty drink, the lucky ray, a mix of wine & peach schnapps, which I really enjoyed but would have liked in something other than a martini glass considering it was $11. However, being in town square, this was a pretty good price for a drink whatever the glas size.
4	Double Helix and Town Square is one of those bars you end up at post 30 because you're post 30. I love beer. I mean I really love beer. however there's a grown ass man in me that appreciates a great single malt scotch and jazz music played right below conversation level. My cousin and I sat here at the bar and engaged in a rousing conversation about the nuances of strip clubs. It was truly profound.We didn't eat but I I peeked at the menu and it looked interesting. Great place to "lose" the ladies and have some scotch and convo.
2	The server we had, Candy or Candice, was amazing. She was fun, cute, and gave a great first experience for me. However, the food and menu was a disappointment. I'm aware of it being a tapas place, but the menu was limited. The food was good, but pricey for the small portions. The fries and grownup grilled cheese was great. Do not waste your time on the flat-breads. We didn't participate in the Sunday brunch. Firefly is still the best tapas place in Vegas. I will not be rushing back to Helix, but I will return if I was with a party that all decided to go.
5	I really liked this "Ultra Chic" spot they call Double Helix. I ordered a Cheddar Cheese Board with a glass of Moscato, my sister ordered a Lucky Ray and my best friend ordered a Cucumber Martini...needless to say It was FaBuLoUs night. We spent such a great time here with our fancy drinks and our fancy conversations. This Is a great place for groups where you can sit in front of a fire pit on the outside patio or you can stay nice and toasty Inside In a corner where It's more Intimate for those one-on-one date nights. They also have a daily Happy Hour from 3-6pm.
4	A few friends of mine came here for a change and loved our experience.  From the bartender to the cocktail server and right down to the food and drinks.  Everything was just perfect.  I am a big fan of this place just because it's cozy and comfortable.  The noise level isn't drastic and annoying.  We can actually talk to the people around us.  The bartender who served us was very knowledgeable with what we should eat and just brought out drinks that she thought we would like based on how we described our personalities.  The food she suggested since we weren't all that hungry was:ARTISANAL CHEESE SELECTIONSaccompanied by seasonal fruits + homemade onion jam + quince paste + gourmet breadBOUCHERON goat milk . ivory colored paste surrounded by a bloomy white rind . creamy gooey middle + claylike toward the rind  5CHEDDAR two-year aged handcrafted with premium cow milk from small Vermont family farms + creamy mouth feel + unforgettable individuality  5MOODY BLEU made in small batches from fresh local Wisconsin milk . delicately smoked over fruit wood to create subtle smoky undertones with hints of roasted nuts + coffee . rich + sultry + seductive  5COMTE AOC fruity + nutty French gruyere . from the Jura Mountains in Switzerland 6TRUFFLE BRUSCHETTO cow + sheep milk blend for extra flavor + dimension . folded with pieces of black + white truffle . sweet + tender + plenty of earthy truffle flavor 8CHARCUTERIE SELECTIONSaccompanied by mustard + homemade pickles + artisanal breadSPANISH CHORIZO  spicy + dry with touch of smokiness from Spanish smoked pimento 4SALAMI TOSCANO  black pepper + touch of salt + fresh garlic + fennel 4PROSCIUTTO  cured on the bone + aged over nine months . sliced paper thin 5SMOKED DUCK  enjoy the layer of crudo + fat + skin on this naturally smoked Magret 5SPICY SOPPRESSATA  rich flavors of garlic + peppercorn + paprika + fennel + red wine 6   This was awesome and definitely worth having.Most of our drinks were beer and wine.  However, there were a few shots our bartender made us to keep the night going.  I just don't remember what they were.  I just remember how much fun we had here that night, thanks to the company we had, the bartender and the food and drinks.
2	Really wanted to like this place. Town Square needed a whiskey bar. This place is prohibitively expensive, however. To add insult to injury, I was charged an extra $3 for rocks for my whiskey, making my single Johnnie Black $14. Completely ridiculous.Note: This review was written when Double Helix opened in July, but just now published. I've avoided ordering whiskey or scotch since my initial visit, but sticking to happy hour, this place is alright. They make a decent Blood and Sand. The staff is friendly. The prices are just too high.
1	We were at this place back in Sept and at that time I gave them 4 stars for food and outdoor seating.  I did not say anything in reference to service back then because even though it seemed a little poor, this place was new and only open about a month at the time and wanted to give them the benefit to improve.Well let me tell you....we sat inside this time as we had a large party and outdoor seating was full.  It was Saturday on a holiday weekend and during happy hour so we expected that now over 2 months later the management would have an idea on how to run this place...I was WRONG!!!  Our drink order was taken and most ordered fountain drinks, I ordered coffee, two people ordered a carafe of sangria and one bottle of beer.  Some food was ordered but more needed to be.The fountain drinks came quick, the coffee took almost 10 minutes, the sangria 15 and the bottle of beer 20 minutes.  We had to ask for the server to come back and take more orders.  No refills were ever offered.  The problem was the waitress was over worked and the manager provided no relief for her.  There were what appeared to be 2 runners and if you asked them for anything you did not get it, instead they told the waitress who was already struggling.  Then the hostess came by to collect menus and asked if everything was ok, we said no, she laughed took the menus and walked away.  Who's running this place?A guy who turned out to be the manager walked by, we asked him for another drink and the bill so we did not have to wait another 45 minutes.  He was extremely rude and like the other two guys just told the waitress...one person in the party who originally asked for separate checks was sitting near the computer and when the waitress went to the computer, she asked the server to just give us one bill and we would figure it out; the manager who was standing there with her told her in a very rude tone to get away, he would take care of it and sent her away.After his rude tones towards the staff and us, he came back over and apologized stating that he was the manager and that he would take care of our bill because the poor service was his fault for short staffing.  He also offered us desert on the house but at this point we just wanted to get out of there.   He did not anticipate the weekend demand and did not have enough staff to cover the place and he would rather cover our bill then us leave unhappy, a little late for that.  We did not agree with his logic as it not only took money away from the business and the server, there was no just cause for his actions.  We still requested the total of the bill so we could give the server a tip at 20% of the total for her efforts.  She was definitely overbooked and the runners/cleaners, and manager should have helped out instead of listening and taking no action to help other then tell the server and walk away.The manager is in need of training and the company should take a serious look at his leadership and management skills as he is not only costing the company money but he is also costing people a living because if it were someone else the server would have lost a tip and been left feeling like she failed.  He provided little to no support to her and before I left I made sure to hand her the tip and even though she refused to take it, I insisted because I felt she did her best with what she was given.  She never gave up no matter how bad it got and she deserved a tip for her efforts.As my last review stated the food was good, there are just some serious leadership and management challenges that if not fixed may cause this place to not be around much longer...I have a degree in business so knowing how a business should run is not just second guessing, it's what I went to college for.  If I can get the same server I would go back as she deserves better recognition then what she is getting from this manager, otherwise, there are other places in Town Square with food in most cases better then what is offered here with MUCH better leadership, management, service and friendliness.
4	Great place. Good service. Tasty bar food. Friendly attentive staff. LL Cool J in the background. Life is good!
2	So, Double Helix has popped up at Town Square after the demise of The Grape.  We recently ended up here for a night cap after a night out.Pros: the decor is nice and upscale.  They also have a decent selection of whiskey and scotch, and offer various cocktails made with whiskey and scotch.  There's also a nice outside patio area with fire pits, or something to that effect.  While some crazy bastards were sitting out there at night, it's just a mite too chilly for me at 40-45 degrees right now.  I imagine, however, that it will be pleasant to hang out at in the spring/beginning of summer.  Cons: it's expensive!  I can understand more expensive pricing for drinks containing premium whiskey or scotch.  But I ordered Irish coffee and it was $10.  Ten dollars for small cup of coffee with Bailey's in it? Give me a break!  There wasn't even a dollop of cream or anything fancy in it.Adding insult to injury, once the bill came, I signed the receipt and placed it in the wallet in front of me on the table.  It's something I typically (and absentmindedly) do while my party and I wrap up and get ready to leave.  Well, our particular waitress came over, and without saying one peep, reached over me and my coffee, and grabbed the wallet.  (We were sitting at a bistro table and thus, were higher off the ground.)  I've NEVER, EVER have had anyone do that to me before at a restaurant or bar -- big, small, fancy or shady.  Who does that???  I understand that it was late, and they may have needed to close the register.  But, it would have been proper to ask first before physically reaching over me.  Nope, not here.  Not even an "excuse me" or anything.  Nor were we the only or last people inside; in fact, there was still a good amount of patrons inside and out.  I'm not a snob about service, nor do I have wildly unrealistic expectations.  I understand that people working in the service industry get busy, may be tired, have bad days, etc.  But this was simply discourteous and poor form.  Not cool, chick.       I like the place itself and *may* give it another try.  But sadly, it was disappointing the first go around.
5	OK - I'm home... this is the place where Sinatra meets Sting and the managing partner (Steffon) looks like Art Garfunkel.  (are you old enough or old school enough to remember Art Garfunkel?)  Never mind - GOOGLE him!  Anyway, great selection of Whiskeys and wines - and a staff w/ a sultry attitude.  Don't get me wrong - all about product knowledge, but good east coast street savvy.  It's a fun place to meet people and still private enough to just enjoy those in your group. Visit anytime happy hour to late night and enjoy.    Outdoor fire pit - great decor and a few pieces of art that get your attention?  Class - old Vegas w/ a new twist.The NEW place opens next week (soft opening) Sumerlin - on the west side neat Rampart Casino.  I'll review it and get back to you :-) I'd love to see a Peter Lik on the wall though (www.lik.com). What do you think?
4	We came here after the Town Square shopping crawl. Double Helix serves tapas so we decided to order the Blazin Sliders ($9.00). They were made with Angus beef , bacon, avocado relish, and chipotle aloi. When they came out they looked unreal. Some places serve you sliders all smooshed and sloppy but the tops of the buns were fully rounded.  They tasted really good too! We also ordered the Pearfect Salad ($9.00). It had spinach leaves, grilled Asian pears, bufala mozzarella, candied walnuts, rocket arugula and spritzed with champagne vanilla vinaigrette. The pears were good sized and four of them came with the salad. It was delicious and big enough to share. I love the food here but the drinks are overly too strong for me. Mu husband ordered a grown up shake but I could only take a sip from it.
5	Great service from the moment my friends and I walked into the lounge.  The hostesses and waitresses were very attentive to service.  They recommended drinks, checked in with the table regularly, and made sure that we had a pleasant experience.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a nice wine and whiskey bar in Vegas!
4	I'm a fan. Here's why a) good happy hour b) nice little tapas c) they have TV's for watching football d) it's in Town Square so great location e) You can sit outside f) you can sit outside and smoke if you wan to g) great people watching h)outside fire pit
2	I have a feeling this place has some HUGE fans, and I suppose I can see why.  Town Square has become a relatively trendy destination for all kinds of people in Las Vegas.  On the surface, a wine and whiskey lounge with a happy hour menu sounds great.  However...This place seemed pretty confused to me.  There didn't seem to be any real connection to any of the menu items.  The decor was clearly expensive, but not attractive.  Prices were high (it seemed) on whiskey, and their drink special that day was Wild Turkey, which hardly seems special to me.Waitresses dressed trashy as did the hostesses.  I can see how this might have allure in some contexts, but it just seemed out of place here.The music was loud and really bass heavy, which would have seemed appropriate if they had a dance floor - but this is just a tiny little bar.I don't know, maybe I missed something or just didn't "get it". I would probably be willing to give it another chance, but I am currently unimpressed with Double Helix.
3	My update: Still holding at 3 stars firmly.I met up with a couple friends here last night for happy hour. Overall the place hasn't changed much, it's still the romantic ambiance and sexily dressed waitresses. Their happy hour prices for alcohol were great. I chose to get a Stella, my friends opted for wine. Our waitress was upbeat and attended to our needs very well.As for the food, I'm just going to have to say... 3.5 stars. So, a little bump for their happy hour and food, mostly because the quesadilla had really good flavor and was very different from any quesadilla I've had. Unfortunately the quesadilla is not on the happy hour menu, to which I implore management - please put it on there! During the course of the night I also had the olives (meh), and the BBQ Pork Sliders (also meh, but kudos for the sweet pickles!). The bun was soft though, but overall I've definitely had better pork sammies. Will I return? Perhaps, when I'm in Town Square or if my friends happen to want to do happy hour here again. I am also interested in the Pre Fixe breakfast on Saturday and Sunday! So maybe I'll have to go back and try that out.
4	I have not eaten here just drinks. I met a few friends there and it was really nice and a cool place to be. I liked the setup and the big couches with these big chairs and tables in the middle. It was a bit of a living room setup, so it was good to sit around and drink and talk. Seems very trendy right now and there were tons of pretty people in this place. I was let in because I was with the pretty people lol.. Anyhow, I will check it out again for sure.
2	Didn't go in with high expectations as I wasn't impressed with Bottles & Burgers at Tivoli Village, but a friend wanted to try this place out. I am willing to give any place a try at least once, especially if they offer patio seating. The only bad part about their patio is it's located in between the two escalators that lead up to the second floor, so there was a lot of traffic, it was noisy and distracting. I didn't try the food, but I had their cucumber martini, wasn't bad but I've had better, and then the sangria, hands down the worst I've ever tasted. It came with a sugared rim which was strange, and it tasted like prune juice, I'm not joking. The only drink that was good was my honey jack on the rocks, can't mess that up. If you're looking for a nice outside patio, go to Brio, comfy chairs and fire pits, plenty of room and great people watching.
3	I am wavering between 3 and 4 stars. Yelp, this keeps happening to me...please make this an option! This bar being in the middle of open space in a mall loses points for ambiance. It just seems so oddly placed. I did like the drink selection, and highly enjoyed the cocktails they had to offer, along with the definitely-hit-the-spot cheese plate. Service was pretty good, I'd possibly come back for a glass of wine if in the Palazzo.
4	The happy hour from 3:30-7:30 is one of the longest in town. There is no need to rush from work or cut your day short. The weather today was beautiful, so my friend and I wanted to sit outside on the patio. We got there around 5:00 and the whole place was almost empty. No need to fight others for a seat. This was gearing to be prime time happy hour, where was everyone? Walking past Brio and Yard House made it apparent that everyone were there.Double Helix's HH food selection is not the most impressive, but it good. Between my friend and I, we got the arancini and the grown up grilled cheese. The arancini came as six small balls. Due to their size, they are more crisp. I enjoy mine a bit larger. The truffle sauce on the side was flavorful. The ham and cheese sandwich is awesome. The gruyere cheese is plentiful and oozing everywhere. Although other places offer a better menu, atmosphere is better at DH. The drinks are ok. The Lucky Ray tasted like all juice and went down easy. The use of Riesling as a base alcohol made it smooth. Their DH Muscat is the drink I enjoyed the most. It has the aroma and flavor of Asian pear or pear apple. Even though it got busy out in the patio later on, it was still very easy to converse. It is not a wild party spot and I enjoy that.
2	I had a VERY Jekyll and Hyde experience here in the same day. I was waiting for a friend and saw that their happy hour started at 3:30p, so I went inside. It was a Tuesday, so only a few people were there. Sat at the bar and enjoyed a nice glass of wine and had a very pleasant conversation with the bartender. She recommended that I stop back by later since happy hour ran till 7:30p, and advised that the food was really good. Around 7p, we were ready for dinner, so decided to swing back around to Double Helix. There was nobody at the hostess desk, nor a sign about whether to wait or seat yourself, so being a nice night, we ventured out to the patio. We sat there for HALF AN HOUR without a single acknowledgement from the server or busboy. No silverware, no drinks, no menus. And not for lack of trying on our parts. Short of tackling the server, she simply had no interest in waiting on our table. It's clear that this place has more interest in hiring hot girls than quality servers. Upon leaving, there was a petite gal at the hostess desk who thanked us for coming in, but I corrected her and told her that we were leaving because we were ignored for 30 minutes. She just said, "sorry". No mention of calling over a manager, or anything to try to change our minds to stay.I give 2 generous stars because the happy hour at the bar with the delightful bartender was a nice experience. But that's the only thing I can say about this place. If you're hungry, seriously go someplace else.
5	My girlfriend and I stumbled upon this place after shopping all afternoon in Town Square. It seemed an odd location but we were pleasantly surprised. Great wine, awesome cocktails and we really liked the food.  We ordered 4 different dishes (tapas style) and they were all awesome. I'm coming back with my husband.
4	Quality off the Strip wine bar at off the Strip prices.  WIN!Straight to the libations.  There is a short list of outstanding, highly rated, old world and cult wines offered by the bottle at dirt cheap prices (ie the impossible to get '09 Mollydooker Velvet Glove $225.  It's so hard to get that a wine shop in Hawaii only let me touch and caress the bottle but not buy)  There is also a good selection of wines by the glass offered both in full and half pours to help with tasting.Unfortunately whiskey, scotch and bourbon drinkers are left out.  For a place named Wine and WHISKEY, you expect more than just the most common names behind the barThe simple food is wine centric.  It all pairs well.  Props to the "Grown-ups grilled cheese" with its gooey, melted gruyere and smoked ham core; olive poppers (goat cheese and chorizo studded olives); and the rich mushroom arancini with a white truffle scented aioli.  The cheese and charcuterie selection is very good (thanks to a misunderstanding, I tried them all.  No one thought it was funny to serve a dish for 5-7 to ONE me huh?)They do offer salads, sandwiches and pastas for those wanting something heavier.  Don't be surprised to find the same items at their other location, Bottles and Burgers.Great happy hour from 3:30-7:30Recommended
3	sadly, i drank neither wine nor whiskey here. seems sacrilegious given the name. i shall repent mightily. can't mess up a redbull+vodka since redbull could pretty much cover up the taste of motor oil.ambiance is decent for sitting in what i could only describe as a glass-less fishbowl.
4	I'm giving this place four stars because of the slow service. Otherwise, great place! We went during happy hour which is 3:30-7:30. All four of us ending up spending $40 each, including tip. The decor is great and most of the drinks were great. The only complaint on the drinks is that I got the sangria martini and they put brown sugar on the rim of the glass. It is gross combined with the drink and honestly, I don't like brown sugar in the first place. Once I cleared away some brown sugar so I could drink, it was fine. The hummus was amazing and we couldn't get enough of it.. my friends got the sliders, grilled cheese and these cheese ball things. I tried the cheese ball things which were also amazing. They liked their food, as well. It was pretty slow to get anything out to us unless it was the hummus. The waitress also forgot a couple of drink orders so we waited forever for those and then we had to basically force her to take our payments. But the happy hour drinks and food combined with the prices are lovely.. I just wish the service was also because it would seriously be my new favorite place. I'll try again in a bit and see if anything changes!
1	Tapas? Definitely 'no'.We came here for the wrong reason, hunger.  Thinking they had Bottles & Burger, we thought they would've had a good menu here. Big mistake.  Don't get me wrong, the atmosphere was great, the wine selection was OK, the whiskey choices was amazing, the staff was drop-dead gorgeous... but the food was a joke!  The commercial video I just saw was very misleading. We wanted to start with a couple "One-Handed" appetizers. One was deep fried olives stuffed with chorizos, Olive Poppers. The other was the Arancini.  The waitress came with 2 huge plates, and when she set them down, all we saw was half-a-dozen marbles no bigger then green grapes.  Maybe I'm not cultured enough for the $1.50/olive, but the check didn't come fast enough.  It took some restraint on my friend's part. Our sarcastic attempt to make light of the situation did not amuse him at all. We even had to send back the Nutty Mojito.
4	This is a nice place for drinking wine off of the strip but still reasonably close to it; being in Town Square. Also, it is definitely better priced and is bigger than the other location which is in the Palazzo Shops on the second floor right on the strip.My alumni club hosted a fashionably dress to impress Kentucky Derby party at this venue. The restaurant had a fine selection of wine for our wine junkies and was also able to change up their bar with bourbon offerings such as Woodford Reserve Double Oak for our special event. Mint julips were on point and meals were reasonably priced.
2	My friends and I went to this wine bar expecting to find a nice selection of wine and a knowledgeable staff. Instead, we had a waitress that couldnt even tell us where the wine came from and had such a limited experience she couldn't  recommend a wine for us to drink. The flights they offered were boring and over priced. I will defiantly not be going back.
3	I went here the first time I went to town square and made sure to make it here for happy hour.  They had a lot of good deals, cheap whiskey, half price select appetizers, half price wine and cocktails on select items.  It was a good deal.  The food we got was good, we had the arrancini, the grown up grilled cheese, the steak with chimichurri sauce and a chopped salad.  The food was all pretty good.  I know my standards are high so I will give it a solid 4 stars.  The cocktails were good.The only criticism is of the term "wine and whiskey lounge."  I'm not being mean but their wine menu was bad for a place that considers itself a "wine lounge" and their whiskey menu was boring for a place that considers itself a "whiskey lounge."  Don't go here expecting to be able to try some great wines or some artisinal whiskey.  If you are going to a movie and want a place to get a cocktail and a snack before, this is a great place.  Try the arrancini. :)
4	Prices are very reasonable and wine temps appropriate. I love the use of iPads as wine menus! Nice cheese selection, too. A little small inside if you're not interested on sitting on the patio.
3	Came here for happy hour after tasting their food during a mixer in Town Square and realized that the portion sizes for this place is TINY! A bit overpriced for what they offer, but the food wasn't bad ... Drinks were okay, service was okay since they weren't very knowledgeable in some of the wine questions asked. Overall, food prices are high for small portions, especially if you don't order off the happy hour menu.  But on happy hour it is pretty decent.  Just don't come hungry!
5	So, I love it here.I first came in last month and I've been back five times since.Either Jess or Jenna is always there, and when they are you can be assured you're in great hands.I think I've tried every item on the happy hour menu, and been to brunch here twice.  Also sampled several of the cheese plates.  It's the best brunch I've ever had in Vegas.  You MUST try the french toast.  It is incredible.I love the decor and the ambiance here. I've been to this place in every type of attire you can think of...work uniform, dressy dress, yoga pants and a hoodie, jeans and a club shirt...every time they make you feel super comfortable and really take the time to show that they're happy you're there.  So come one, come all...try this place out.  I hope you love it as much as I do. **Also they have vegan and vegetarian items.  :)
4	I came here for a birthday on a Friday night- Great atmosphere. elegant. comfortable seating. dim yet romantic tone. Sports on the screens.- Smooth whiskey, yet expensive. - clean bathrooms. - nice place to chat and have a drink^____^
5	Food is awesome and 1/2 off whiskey of the month. Nice.
4	Friendly service. Went last night to a birthday party at Dbl Helix. Had a great time. The food was good and enjoyed our evening
2	Eh.... It's ok. Caught the tail of of happy hour. The staff wasn't the most attentive. Had to ask for plates, and they didn't check in all that much.  Appetizers were good, but nothing to rave about. I'll give it another shot in order to check out the selections of whiskey & wine.
4	One of my clients is a wine tour that stops here & has been raving about Double Helix for months, so I had to stop in. This is definitely a great place to hang out! It's got a great patio area with awesome people watching being in the middle of town square. Apparently I missed the whole "Wine & Whiskey" part of the name, as I donned my high class Bud Light, but I'm sure their selection is great. Everyone I was with also loved their food. I'll definitely be going back, perhaps on a hot date! :)
4	Love this place!  Town Square needed this.
5	Love this place for happy hour.
5	Very good happy hour, great wine and cheese selections. Service was very good as well. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone!
3	Generous happy hours a good happy hours.  Going from 3:30pm - 7:30pm daily makes it very accessible to most people.  Happy hour specials get you $3-$6 appetizers, $3 beers, $4-$7 wines, ~$5 cocktails, as well as 1/2 off premium well drinks (what's a premium well?) and 1/2 off their whiskey of the month.After several visits here I've found myself enjoying their grilled cheese and arancini appetizers the most.  Gruyere and smoked ham make for a tasty grilled cheese, and the arancini comes with a good truffle sauce.  The food isn't amazing, but these are the two dishes that I've liked most.  As far as drinks, talk with Jessica if you're sitting at the bar.  She's a good bartender that is always happy to make you a drink based on your mood and palate.  Otherwise, their happy hour cucumber martini is delicious, and made with Hendricks Gin!  Decent food and good drinks make for a nice stop at Town Square.
3	On a random night off, a friend of mine and I decided to head over to Town Square for a movie. Our plan was to hit up a Happy Hour scenario after the flick, and Double Helix wine bar fit the bill. I hadn't been in for over a year since it opened, and back when they were starting out it was kind of quiet. I was happy to see that business had picked up. The bartender was really great, the happy hour specials were cool and the style of the place is nice. It's a bit mis-matchy in design, but that's for another review :) in any event I'm sure I'll be back down for a cocktail or two as they have a descent bourbon collection and I'm a fan of that. The food was just ok in my opinion, but that's relative I suppose. Basic and good for drinking, flat-breads and items of the sort. Check it out if you get a chance. Happy Eating!
4	Great atmosphere, food and service! I'm usually here every week for happy hour. Can't beat the price, especially for delightful wine.
3	I went here for Happy hour and the appetizer prices were  pretty good. the food was very tasty and the portion sizes were pretty decent. I got here at 5pm and we were the only people in the restaurantbad thing: this place was totally empty- It was not until 730 pm that 5 tables were full.service: They were all friendly but a bit slackers. Atmosphere: Elegant, nice decoration modern restaurant
4	I accidentally stumbled into the Double Helix Lounge over the weekend and I am glad I did. Amazing whiskey selection! The bartenders could use a little more knowledge thrown there way on how to serve whiskey (I had to explain what neat meant) but other than that it's a great place!
5	I absolutely love this place. Every time I go the bartenders are so friendly and clearly enjoy talking to their customers. They have really good daily specials and a nice happy hour. For food I love the grilled cheese and the stuffed olives. The arancini are also nice for a light snack. Also if you're a wine drinker, make sure to try their house wines. I was pleasantly suprised!
4	Cool chic atmosphere for happy hour dining. Dark interiors but comfy outdoor area with a nice firepit. Happy hours pretty cool and some great wines and whiskeys. FYI the wines on happy hour come as a small pour for the small price, the same with the apps. Still worth a trip though, especially if you're into cheese and charcuterie.
3	Decent small plates restaurant in Town Square. Their menu has a few similar items as their sister restaurant Bottles & Burgers (minus the burgers). The arancini ($9,  risotto fritters with mascarpone, roasted mushroom, white truffle aioli) is just as good as the ones at Bottles & Burgers. It's also one of the best items to get at Double Helix.The olive poppers ($6, crispy olives stuffed with chorizo and honey goat cheese) are good and not too salty. You get seven per order. The BBQ pork sliders ($9) have a slight amount of heat and are topped with a sweet apricot sauce and slaw with a marginal amount of mayo. The churrasco Argentino ($15, angus American skirt steak, chimichurri sauce) was tough  and chewy. Their "Perfect Salad" ($9, grilled Asian pears, bufala mozzarella, candied walnuts, rocket arugula,champagne vanilla vinaigrette) was anything but perfect. The best thing about it was the candied pecans. The fries ($6) weren't as good as the ones at Bottles & Burgers.The atmosphere is relaxed and loungey, which is a nice change of pace from other spots at Town Square. There is a kid's menu. Our kid was with us and he got the chicken tenders ($5)... actually, that should be singular because it was only one chicken tender with a bunch of fries.
4	Double Helix, Town Square- An elegant, comfortable, cozy place for happy hour (3:30-7:30, DAILY), either at its classy bar or in the attractive patio by the courtyard. It has an EXTENSIVE menu for drinks ($3-7 for beer, wine; 1/2 price cocktails, whiskey) and bar dishes ($3-6)!- See menu on this link:http://www.lvhhtime.com/double-helix-wine-and-whiskey-lounge-happy-hour.html DETAILS:- There are several nice places in Town Square that I like to relax in over happy hour, and Double-Helix is among the top on my list, for its quiet ambience, great selection of drinks and bar food at very reasonable prices, as well as excellent, friendly service! It's the place of choice, when I prefer a quieter ambience; and/or when I'd like to try its whiskey special, also. Yes, they have flights of 4 different whisky combos on the menu.- Its horseshoe-shaped bar counter is small,  but comfortable and inviting. Its beautiful display shelves showcase a great variety of whiskeys! From the bar, one can see the cozy, nicely furnished patio by the busy courtyard. The tiny dining area around the bar counter has an intimate ambience. Other than the courtyard, there is no view, however.MY HAPPY HOUR EXPERIENCE:- I enjoyed my happy hour here a couple of weeks ago. I had Stuffed Olives ($3); Arancini ($6), a Stella ($3.5); a glass of Sauvignon Blanc ($4). The olive dish came with six stuffed olives, which looked cute and were bursting with flavor! Arancini tasted a bit bland, but ok with djon muster dip.  - A couple of gentlemen at the bar had a flight of 4 whiskey brands. I forgot the name of the flight, but remembered they said 3 of the four were absolutely superb! According to them our bartender, Jessica is an expert on whiskey. She was very friendly, efficient, and attentive to all customers. All serving staff was friendly, and helping each other out - good training and practice.- Wish it'd have reverse happy hour, too, for the after movie crowd!Peterskis, Nov 2012--
4	So this place has a swanky feel. Come dressed up in more than jeans and a sweater. We came here after enjoying some drinks upstairs at the English Pub (the name escapes me) but needless to say, my palate was not as discerning anymore. I ordered a brownie with ice cream to split with the rest of the group and well, it sucked. The brownie was hard and pretty tasteless. The drinks here were pretty good. They have a wide selection of nice cocktails. They also have a cigar list and you can smoke outside if you're into that. It was a little older crowd than I expected, but can't knock for that. It was pretty packed on a Saturday night, but getting a table was pretty easy.
4	Good place to sit down, have a few nice drinks, and relax. I wouldn't recommend this place for dinner, as most of the stuff they have here are good, but of small, bite-size portions to pair with drinks. We usually go here before dinner to grab some drinks and appetizers and hang out before dinner.The service has always been pretty good so far. I can't speak for their wine selection, but they do have a pretty decent whisk(e)y selection. As far as scotch goes, they break down the whiskys by regions, e.g., Islay, Speyside, Highland, etc..., which is nice. They also have a good rye and irish selection, if that's your thing. They also have a pretty good happy hour, and a whisky of the month that they'll offer at half the price. One of the things I really enjoy about this place is their outdoor sitting area where they also offer cigars for you to enjoy with your drink. Coupled with the amazing Las Vegas weather, it makes for a very nice experience with your friends and/or loved ones.
4	I've been to Double Helix twice now.  I really like this place, but I guess that's obvious as I'm a scotch drinker.  One problem: their prices suck!  I got lucky enough to hit them up last week for happy hour and had some really good food for not too expensive, and their whiskey of the month was a shitty single malt for $6, so that's not bad, but otherwise I might as well just buy a bottle at Total Wine for twice the price of two shots at Double Helix.
5	Good food and good prices. Ordered 3 different food items everything was awesome. Cool interior. Good choices of drinks.
2	The food was very good.  Very disappointed in the service though.  We had to ask for table settings, they brought us chipped plates??, no napkins??, then we asked for napkins, they gave us cocktail napkins?? like really!!!!  We went on a Sunday evening and it was very slow in there so we can't even say it's because they were busy!
1	Their website said "Lunch Specials Available from 12pm-3pm Thursday-Sunday!" And their hours of operations also said Monday - Wednesday: 3PM-12AM, Thursday-Sunday: 12PM-12AM. But when we got there at exactly 12 pm Thursday, it's closed! They should update their website as it is so misleading! bad business practice!
4	Great wine and whiskey selection to go along with a great happy hour menu. The bartenders are every knowable of the product they carry.
4	Great happy hour very inexpensive. My favs, pulled pork sliders, street tacos, grown up grilled cheese. I would encourage anyone to try this place. Great wine and whiskey specials. Happy hour is 3:30 to 7:30 p.m., Monday through Friday. On Monday's after 9:00 p.m. they offer half of select bottles of wines.
5	Love this bar and restaurant! The staff and owner are amazing. Always go on Wednesday! I hope this place continues to be an option for professionals in the Las Vegas valley.
4	I have only been here a few times, but the food was good and great whiskey selection.  The wine selection look nice but I go to other locations if I am after wine.  Staff has always been great, dealt with a manager once, and he wentout of his way to make sure everything was exellent.  The patio ara is great.
5	Lushes unite!I had a GREAT happy hour experience here with a girlfriend on a Friday afternoon.  I ordered the whiskey of the month, Collingwood, a maple wood Canadian whiskey.  I got to sample some first and it was exceptionally smooth with a minimal nose burning alcohol scent common to many whiskeys. I was a fan! Foodwise, we ordered the chickpea hummus and the BBQ pork sliders.  The hummus was delicious and had a perfect consistency.  The BBQ pork sliders were so good!  The buns were soft but toasted on the inside.  The pork was moist, juicy, and very flavorful.  There was a wonderful apricot sauce and the chipotle slaw had a lovely tame flavor to it as well. All the flavors worked together really well. Both dishes were excellent for bar food.The bar is sized well and the entire lounge had an adequate amount of tables and bar seats.  They also have a few large tables available to support bigger groups.  They also have outdoor seating available.  Double Helix offers a comfortably warm ambiance.  There are only two single stalls bathrooms though, so I found myself waiting for the restroom a couple times.They use Rockbot, an app that lets patrons select music in the bar.  They had an awesome playlist that night with Florence, Imagine Dragons, and some of my other favs.Our server was Kelly and she provided wonderful service.  Our water glasses were always full and we had drink orders in before our drinks were empty. All in all, great happy hour and great price.  For 3 glasses of whiskey, 1 glass of pinot noir, and the BBQ pork sliders, I paid $32.  Not bad at all.  I'll definitely go back with some girlfriends or go here on date night.
2	Stopped in for some wine and a bite here the other day.Great wine selections from the boutique across the hall,had amazing tempranillo.Service was good, so why only two stars?Ordered  the bacon appetizer, delicious!, some cheese - good, but nothing special.Also, two of us ordered burgers - pointed out we both asked for blue cheese and they had cheddar.Bartender said they would remake the burgers, which we said was fine as we were not in a rush.Five minutes later, what are clearly the same burgers reappear with most of cheddar scraped off, Same French fries, now cold - mentioned to our server who wasn't particularly interested but did get us fresh fries.  The burgers (one medium and one md rare) were delicious, the new French fries were also amazing.Really though? A $20 hamburger and the kitchen makes it wrong and scrapes off the cheese?Wouldn't you at least comp the food when we are drinking wine at $150?Our server did say he would discount the wine, not sure if that actually happened or not...
4	I really dig on this bar.  They have a hip atmosphere, an intense selection of whiskey and wine, and a good selection of food to order that pairs well with the drinks.The decor is definite high stature.  A lot of plush leather seating, clean tables, and the outside patio has a beautiful fire fixture that keeps you warm on nights when straight whiskey just isn't warming enough.The drinks menu is well designed, offering explanations of the whiskey and their locations of origin.  This is perfect for those, like myself, that are interested in trying new types and want to learn more about what they're drinking.  There's even a map so you can visualize the area you're drinking from.The food here was surprising.  During their happy hour, offerings are decently cheap and yet don't take away from the quality.  I often order the prosciutto and cheese platters, and so far its only ever been disappointing once.  Every other time I've ordered it, save the last time, the prosciutto has been high quality and a perfect item option to pair with the high quality liquor.  Minus one star for the last visits food quality, and a small lapse in service where I caught the waitress texting for ten minutes rather than serving the few customers in the place for lunch, I've always been pleased with the service and food quality.  I have, and will continue to bring friends back to this place to enjoy the unique whiskey and food combinations.
4	Whiskey and I are not friends but wine and I are. Mimi X. and I were supposed to have a girl's night out at Yardhouse but because of the UFC fight and St. Patty's Day weekend, the wait times at Yardhouse were atrocious. Mimi X. suggested that we make our way to Double Helix Wine & Whiskey Lounge instead. What I love about this place is its ambiance and how swanky it is. The restaurant itself is not very big, but there's ample seating and plenty of room at the bar. The lights are dimmed which adds to the relaxing feel of the place. Basically, this place is perfect for a date night or a night out with a couple gal pals. Mimi X. got a couple glasses of whiskey on the rocks and I ordered a glass of the Monchoff Riesling. I was quite satisfied with my wine. We also ordered two plates to share.  The Olive poppers (deep fried olives stuffed with chorizo and goat cheese) were delicious! I wish there were more on the plate. The saltiness of the olives sort of hid the taste of the chorizo and goat cheese but nonetheless, it was a tasty appetizer! We also ordered the BBQ Pork Sliders. The apricot sauce, sweet pickle and chipotle saw with the pork was the perfect balance between salty and sweet. Two small sliders come in one order. Again, I wish there was more of it!I hear that Double Helix has an awesome happy hour from 3:30-7:30 everyday. Whaaat? Even on the Weekends? You know I'll be back real soon to take advantage of this!
5	Love, love, love this wine and whiskey bar! Arrived about 8pm on a Friday night and it was pretty packed, yet we somehow scored a great table without waiting at all. Ordered a "Triple double" of meat & cheese (we picked the meat and our server suggested her favorites which we tried and loved). We ordered a bottle of Double Helix Merlot which was WONDERFUL....Service was great (very attentive). The decor is gorgeous, love their Moroccan-style hanging lamps. Another big plus is their whiskey selection is the fact they serve Colonel Taylor (my fave). Great date night location, very douchebag-free! Can't wait to go back!
3	Came here on NCAA Basketball National Championship game night since many of the Town Square bars were packed.Double Helix is a very nice casual space to grab a beverage and relax.  The interior is very classy and has dim lighting.  Although they weren't all that busy, they still had plenty of TV's showing the game which was an added plus!The food menu is rather limited since it's primarily a place for drinks.  A few of my friends split a bottle of white wine since it was a 50% off Monday special.Our waitress was very friendly although we felt she disappeared quite a bit for a not-so-busy night.  Someone in our group asked her for a wine from the state of Washington and she didn't really have an answer and began flipping through the menu.So overall it was a good expereience, expect a bit of mark-up for the atmosphere but I would not be opposed to coming back here again!
5	So last night a friend and I were looking for a place to eat. We were playing it by ear. So upon walking around town square we came upon Double Helix.  IT was pretty crowded at 830 and were greeted by several hostesses which were extremely polite. We were told there would be a 30 minute wait. SO we went to the bar to grab beer, as we were at the bar one one of the Hostess (Manager baybe) came over to the bar and asked us if we wanted to sit at the bar why we waited for the table. The bartender was extremely friendly  She then came over and told us our table was ready.. I thought this was a nice touch for them being so busy.  They did take my number to text me when the table was ready, however the personal communication was outstanding.  Upon sitting at our table our server came over and greeted us. We still had our beers so she said she would be back in a few to take our order. We then ordered a few things. The Arrenchini and Lobster mac and cheese were outstanding. As we were eating the server checked on us and even the Owner came to our table a few times. We had a quick conversation with him.... Upon finishing our beers the server came back over to ask if we wanted another drink. we asked her opinion on their cocktails.  She suggested one for each of us.  As we were done eating they removed the plates and the owner came back over and talked to us again about our drinks. My friend likes Irish whiskey so the owner and him talked about a couple and he even brought him a small sip of a Irish whiskey.  Great touch... As we were about to leave we checked in on Facebook and a couple of our friends were in the area  and commented to meet them. We payed our check and left the restaurant.We then met our friends and we decided to come back and have another cocktail. We got our same table back and same waitress. The owner came back over and mentioned he was trying to say bye the first time but we left so quick. He came and chatted with us again.  GREAT TOUCH. made us feel at home and this was our first time there. I do not live here in Vegas but my friends do.. We will be back for sure..Thanks for a great night.. The service at Helix made our night.  THANKS AGAIN!GREAT JOB.... Keep it up.
5	Happy hour! The best time to go.Thee favorites!-Carafe of sangria (red) $13 great for one, two or three people depending on the mood.  Seriously, my favorite sangria in town.  Good times here :)- Arancini. Addicting. These yummy, little , crispy on the outside, warm and creamy on the inside and the truffle sauce is my favorite appetizer here.Worth trying:- BBQ pork sliders- Blazin' sliders (not on happy hour menu)Overall, great place for conversations, catching up, and relieving the day's stress.
2	Been visiting this location about once a week for the past couple of months and always had a very enjoyable time.  Our last visit was the exception.  Starting with the horrible attitude of the hostess (shorter, dark hair, glasses) and finishing with the waitress (taller, dark hair, glasses), who completely ignored our party while chomping on her gum, it was a huge disappointment.  After sitting for 15 minutes with no contact from her we flagged her down and asked her if we could order food.  She shook her head yes (didn't even have enough respect to speak to us).  We waited 30 minutes and she never returned to take an order.  We flagged her down again and asked for our check but she never brought it.  We had to ask another employee to bring us our check and then we went to Yard House to eat.In a town built on hospitality it is a shame that there are people who still don't understand that they are in the "service" industry.  If you don't like taking care of guests then this is the wrong business for you.  The guest is the reason for your work, they are not an interruption of your work.  Hopefully the management will care enough to address the issues because they have a great venue with some staff members who don't care about their business and are costing them revenue.
5	I love this place. I come here occasionally when I'm looking for some awesome whiskey. I'm a big whiskey enthusiast and this is the only place in Vegas that i've found with such a great selection. They have over 50 different types of whiskey and the categorize it by region. If you ask about the different regions the bartenders are able to tell you the differences. The best thing about this place is they have a whiskey of the month that is half off during happy hour. This isn't like half off Jack Daniels, its high quality whiskey at a great price. They also have excellent food and a great happy hour (3:30-7!). It's more fine american dining type food and atmosphere. I highly recommend the Pork Sliders. The sauce is amazing!The staff is great as well. I have been multiple times and never had any issues and they've always been very friendly. I haven't been here for dinner, but I feel I need to go. For whiskey lovers out there, this is your place.
5	Such a gem! I'm a big whiskey drinker, so have been on numerous occasions for adult beverages. Last weekend, a girlfriend and I were looking for a good happy hour besides Blue Martini. I called and found out their happy hour goes until 7:30 pm, yay! So we stopped by and ordered some small plates and adult beverages. I had never had the food prior and was impressed! Will definately be back soon. I will say their couch/love-seat chair seating is very uncomfortable, especially while dining. Good idea, but I would suggest taking those out and putting more small tables in.
3	I'm a huge fan of Town Square but frequently find myself at the same few places (Yardhouse, Whole Foods haha!) so I was pretty excited to try a new place.  I met a friend for drinks and loved the extensive and creative cocktail bible (it was huge) that I was presented with.  My one complaint (that I have with most places) is the reaction I get to my request for modifications. I do not like drinks that are super sweet and am perfectly satisfied with the sugar that is found in the fruit that comes in cocktails. I ordered the 'Repo Man' - tequila, sour, agave nectar ('healthy' simple syrup), ginger syrup and muddled strawberries, apples and lemons. That's a WHOLE lotta sweet in one 8 oz glass. When I asked the bartender to keep the agave nectar out she flat out wouldn't do it, insisting I wouldn't like it. No, I'm pretty sure I know what muddled fruit and tequila will taste like, thank you.  She instead cut the amount in half and SHOCKER it was still far too sweet for me.  For my second drink, I went with the 'Nutty Mojito' - coconut vodka, coconut cream, muddled lime, mint and soda.  It was decent, definitely better than my cup o' sugar I had previously.  My friend had 2 glasses of Shiraz that were pretty fantastic so I ended up rounding my night out with a glass as well.  Overall, the vibe of the place and the decor is comfortable and I'm sure I'll go back.  But bartenders - Us drinkers KNOW what we like..TRUST US! Especially when I'm paying $10-$13 for it!
5	I've been wanting to try this place, and was pleasantly surprised to find they have a spot in Town Square.  They offer specials during their brunch on Saturday & Sunday from 11 AM - 3 PM.The arancini were so good we ordered them again!  LIttle balls of risotto, marscapone, and mushrooms served with a white truffle aioli...mmmmm....We also tried the bbq pork sliders, very good as well, American fries, and the heirloom tomato salad.  The salad was another hit!  Fresh burrata, arugala pesto and a sweet, rich balsamic.  Very refreshing.  The fries were a really nice surprise!  They are served in a cone and seasoned with shallots and herbs, and then served with two sauces:  a sherry aioli & a spice ketchup.  Yowza!And the drinks, you might ask?  That's why I've been wanting to try this place.  I started with a pear winetini, a refreshing, slightly sweet (not cloying sweet) mix of prosecco, pear vodka, and st. germaine.  I also tried a flight of red wines from Italy - very nice assortment.They have Happy Hour specials as well, so I'm thinking there's more arancini & wine in my future.
3	I like this place and the drinks but the service was HORRIBLE!!! I will give it one more try but if I get horrible service again I will not return!
5	My wife and I go to enjoy the great bar service! They remember you and take great care of you. The happy hour is a great way to start the evening too.
4	Located in the heart of Town Square, this has been a place that I have walked by many, many times. After scanning the scene for a new restaurant to try, we picked this one because of the late happy hour.The ambiance was really fun. Kinda dark. Kinda mysterious. Enough excitement happening around to sit back and really enjoy the food and drinks. It is definitely a drinks and apps type place and not as great for a sit down meal.What we got:The Red Sangria (4 stars): great fresh fruit chunks and refreshing flavorThe hummus app (2-3 stars): Very basic hummus plate with pita and some carrots. Hate to say it, but I enjoy Trader Joe's hummus better.The grown up grilled cheese (4 stars): 4 pieces of tasty melted cheese with some extra grown up flavors. Very good!The BBQ Pork Sliders (5 stars): Seriously, these sliders were amazing! So good that we ordered another round of them after all the other food! Great flavor, nice balance of elements, simply delicious.The service was quick and friendly, and we definitely did not have to worry about getting to our movie on time. Definitely worth the trip!
1	Walked in.  Hostess asks "for how many?" without looking up from phone.  I ask if they serve weekend brunch, as per their website.  Hostess says "no".  Still no eye contact.  Walked out.
4	Hosted a client happy hour last week on the patio.  cool spot, great happy hour.  We ordered a bunch of appetizers and most were outstanding.  GREAT selection of bourbons, whiskeys, etc.  I will be back.
3	My friend and I hit this bar up while we waited for our wives to go shopping.  Since the place is literally in the mall area, it's no wonder the guys are here...We liked our drinks (we both had the Bulleitproff cocktail at $14 a drink).  They were tasty.  The bartender was nice.  Ben did a fine job. It's just odd drinking there.  It just seems so out of place.  I'd go again if I had to wait for my wife again, but I don't know if I'd hunt it down.
5	SO many great wine choices here...Love the atmosphere...Great place to catch a drink at Town Square.
3	This is a great place to come if you're looking to have a drink and catch up with a friend. They offer food, none of which I've yet had the opportunity to try. However, they have Blue Moon on tap so they automatically win my heart in that respect. Nice place to lounge while having a drink. May visit again someday.
3	The food is ok, drinks are good. Service is slooooooooooow. They forget about you in the patio, and you wait a while for the check. Been here twice, two different servers, both slow service. But the place is pretty cool. Too bad.
3	Outside is nice. Wine selection is a little pricey, like most places in Town Square. The whiskey selection is really where it's at, here.
4	Was pleasantly surprised by this place. Great happy hour specials-both food and drink. I definitely recommend the arancini and the hummus. The atmosphere was nice too-casual but adult-like. Very pleasant experience. Will definitely go back. I would've given 5 stars, but the chairs weren't too comfortable.
5	This place is the shit.Well at least it used to be.  Many of the people that I came to love have since moved on.  That is life I guess.  The Klinkerbrick is still pretty darn good.
3	For a place that specializes, it really doesn't have the quality of spirits that you expect. This is a great place to kick back with your friends, get plastered, and flirt at the bar. If you are a whiskey connoisseur, you're SOL. in my wild and drinking days, I got quite familiar with many a whiskey and this place doesn't measure up. Their wines are passable. I love a good moscato and malbec. This place has pretty good wines. Loud and noisy, good place to socialize but not to relax with a good whiskey neat. It's obnoxiously pretentious, but sometimes that's a good thing.
5	The food is amazing and reasonably priced.  The drinks are well made. The staff know their whiskey and wine.  Even though the it is a specialty bar, ordering top self whiskey is about the same price or cheaper than it is at other off strip bars. Of course it is much cheaper then strip bars.The inside is a great place to sit an talk with friends and the outside is great for people watching.
4	Love the happy hour at this place. Great food, decent drinks and a wonderful atmosphere to boot. Happy hour is every day 330p to 730p . Sitting out on the patio you can enjoy a nice cigar with your libations if you wish. Great spot to people watch
5	Was here on Thu/26 Sep about 9:30 pm with my buddy:- It's a tapas restaurant.  I had the $9 meatballs (3 meatballs with a piece of bread).  My buddy had the $11 Italian sliders (there were 2 of them).  Food was pretty good.- We had the $7 Stella draft beer (only beer on tap) that was 16 ounces.  Domestic bottle beers (eg Bud/Light) was $5.- Nice ambience, friendly staff.
4	Came here for after dinner drinks. Overall cool place to hang out. There was a live DJ which kept the atmosphere fun and hoppin'- definitely catering to the DINK crowd (dual income, no kids). The service was attentive and our drinks weren't empty long before a waitress came to our aid. Lots and lots of whiskey choices from around the world. This was a big hit with my husband. He had a lot of fun trying different kinds. Price is moderate. Did not try the food- but smelled appetizing. Nice selection of finger food to enjoy with drinks.
4	Located inside the Palazzo on the 2nd floor in the middle of the mall, this place was one of our favorite places to grab a glass of Wine or Beer when we lived in Vegas.  During our recent trip back to town, we decided to stop by here for a couple of drinks before we went to The Act Nightclub.First of all, we were happy to see that it was still in business.  Half of us ordered a glass of Wine and the other half ordered a chalice of Stella.  We hung out for about an hour and enjoyed the people watching.  Since it's located in one of the main intersections of the mall, you can see people walking around in all directions.  There were also several characters hanging out at the bar, which were fun to watch.If you're looking for a place to have a nice glass of Wine and Beer, give this place a shot.  They also deliver to all hotels on the Strip, so take a look at their Wine menu and if there's a bottle you like, they'll take it to you.Return Factor - 90%
5	My boyfriend and I ate here for a late lunch today at 3:30pm.  Happy hour had just started but we didn't order anything from that menu.My boyfriend ordered the blue moon braised tacos.  They were delicious! The meat was so tender and juicy.  He also got the bacon sliders, which he enjoyed, but his medium-rare was more like a medium-well.I got the steak frites, which I loved.  My medium came out perfect & the fries were delicious.  I hated having to share this dish with my boyfriend ;pOur bill was $36 for the two tapas & one meal (no drinks), so decently priced.  Next time I also wanna try the adult grilled cheese! The steak and sliders were served on these rock slabs, which I found interesting.  But I would hate to have to be the server carrying those things!Friendly service, our waters were constantly being refilled (:
3	This was a pleasant surprise!  Looking at the menu online after a friend suggest we meet here, I didn't expect too much.  It looks like a lot of other menus in this town.  But when I arrived, service was nice and I was happy with the food and cocktails I sampled.  The Grown Up Grilled Cheese, Short rib tacos and the charcuterie platter were all well done.
4	This place has a great vibe and fun atmosphere. The bartender Kyle was great and didn't look flustered once... but it was under staffed for the volume for happy hour. The owner - an older gentleman who wandered around the bar like a lost puppy never assisted the staff with anything. He stopped and talked to a few pretty girls while he ignored my credit card that was desperately sticking out of the check presenter for over a half an hour.  I will come back- just  not when it's busy.
4	Double Helix is a great place, relaxed low key most of the time and can also get pretty loud as the night goes on. The bartender was great and friendly.
4	Used to come here for a happy hour  sangria a lot but then their sangria started not being so great :( I wish they go back to old way of making it as we are hesitant about coming again.
4	We went to Double Helix the 1st time back in Dec 2013 as a stop on our "progressive " dinner. Yes I know normally people go house to house but in Vegas (and NYC) we go bar to restaurant to bar.It was a great choice for the 1st stop. We had a round of cocktails. then ordered the Chef's Selection of Charcuterie & cheese plus 2 orders of sliders along with a carafe of Sangria. More than enough for 6 people. Or so we thought. The Chef's selection was perfect for a little nosh - but we are BIG folks & so we ordered a second one of the top 3 choices from both cheese & meats. The smoked duck & the chorizo were the star attractions from the meat side while the Moody Bleu & the truffle bruschetto were the big cheese. I want the homemade onion jam on everything. The "boys" of the group wanted cigars - so while they were having around of maker's mark cigars, we ordered another carafe of the sangria. I'm a sangria purest. fruit, juice & wine. But why stick to boring fruit when you can have blackberry brandy, orange vodka & apple schnapps coupled with a very full bodied red wine. Luckily there was some nice crusty bread to soak up all the liquor. But if you follow my yelp, you'll know i'm in this for the 'fatability" So yes they have nice hip friendly seating. without having to ask for it. Food: tasty & freshAmbiance:  pleasant but a bit loud with the tv's going. Service: attentive but not overly so. total bill was $176.00 including tip & cigars. Appx 60.00 per couple. Not bad. Would we go again? Yes! Tonight as a matter of fact. What better spot to celebrate National Crap Spackle day?
4	While my group had decided on the Brio bar to have our meeting last night, it was packed so we moved over to the Double Helix at Town Square.  Their happy hour was in full swing and we all ordered from that at first.  After the first round three of us ordered from the salad section and we were each pleased with the plates.  They were good sized portions for the cost which was around $5 each.  The only hiccup of the evening was when the bill came and they had double or triple charged us for some items.  However they correct it quickly and apologized saying their system was having issues.  I would definitely come back again to enjoy the happy hour or try some of their wine flights.
1	We stopped in here to meet friends for dinner and cocktails..  They were a little late so we ordered the tuna for an appetizer and wine and beer.  The tuna appetizer was not that tasty and the wine wasnt really that good either..  I just didnt like the vibe in this place so I talked them in to going to Texas De Brazil instead for dinner.  I would never go back here.  It is inexpensive though, thats the only good thing.
4	PROS:-Intimate, comfortable ambiance; this is a great spot to catch up with friends.-Prompt, friendly service. -Great happy hour specials that run fairly late.-Good selection of drinks and snacks.-Reasonable prices, even after happy hour.CONS:-In retrospect, I wish that my friend and I had requested that our tapas be brought out together. We didn't realize that she'd get her dish a full 10 minutes before I got mine (we didn't order to share, so it was a bit awkward). All in all, I can't wait to go back. This is one of the few local lounges that I've really enjoyed.
2	An extensive menu of whiskeys! Should get more stars...but the service and atmosphere wasn't exactly what I expected. The staff running this joint seems like they just stepped out of high school. Gossiping at the register, cliques at the hotess stand. Getting off work and hanging at the bar in your work clothes...Upon entering the lounge, it smelled like a bathroom. I could've left at that point, but we decided to stay & give it a chance. We were sipping our drinks inside at the bar, and the music started playing "N'Sync"...then a song by "New Kids on The Block" and I said aloud, "what's up with the boyband music?" One woman at the bar said it was from an app on your smartphone where you can control the music. I asked her if the customers are controlling it? Because for a wine & whiskey lounge, it doesn't seem like a fitting dynamic. She semi-explained that you get to pick one song for free then you have to pay for the service. The next song that came on was Brittney spears. We paid quickly and were ready to leave. The bartender came running out with a big smile and explained that one of their coworkers was controlling the music from home as a joke. It's not funny when it's running business out of your front door. Here's an idea; don't play child's music at a wine and whiskey lounge. Try that. Then maybe everyone won't be standing around and gossiping because you'll actually have some business.
4	One of our favorite places at Town Square. Love the patio seating and their happy hour as well as regular menu.  Recently had their new lobster rolls which were really good. The lobster was on a perfectly toasted buttery bread.  Usual favorites are the Steak Frites and the pork sliders.  Also the perfect spot for parents to enjoy alone whine your kids watch a movie across the way at the amc theaters.  Kids get to watch a movie while parents can enjoy some alone time :)
5	Double Helix is definitely one of my favorite places to go in Town Square. My drinks of choice are wine and whiskey so it's the perfect place for me. It's also conveniently located half a mile from where I work so I frequently stop by for an after work drink and on occasion some food as well. They've changed the food menu a little but from what I've tried so far the food is pretty good. I recommend the adult grilled cheese, it's mouth watering. I bring friends in often and always sit at the bar. Kyle and Jessica are great bartenders and they make the experience all the better. If you're in the area or taking a shopping trip to Town Square, I definitely recommend stopping in Double Helix.
1	I go to Double Helix at least twice a week because I work for town square.  Was there with a group of friends and were joking around telling the waitress that we liked the copper mugs and asking if we could take one.  We ended up asking her to inquire with her manager if they could sell us a couple of them.  Ray the owner showed up and kept looking at our table, he was very creepy, before we left I let him know we were leaving because he was creeping us all out and he didn't care and just said "ok". I bring a lot business to double Helix the only reason I'm going back is because the staff is always awesome, to bad the owner is not pleasant to be around.
1	Was there with a coule of co-workers having a good time until the owner Ray wouldn't  stop staring at our table, it was very creepy so we left.   The waitress I believe her name was Chelsey and she was amazing and extremely polite.  I'd probably go back if the owner wasn't there, he is not welcoming at all.
1	Was there last night and my Co - workers were sitting on the couch and I witnessed the owner just stearing at them like they were going to steal something... my director was there and expressed his discomfort and the owner didn't care.   There's 450+ employees here at town square and he brings many of them there.   Love the staff can't say much about the owner Ray he was just rude.
4	One of my favorite places in Vegas to grab a drink. Met my current squeeze here on our first date, so this place holds special sentimental value for me. PS: For all you single men/ladies out there, this is a great place for a first date or any date really!I can't speak for the food here, because I've never had it. We just like to come here for cocktails, whiskey, and wine in a nice relaxing atmosphere. Yes, it is overpriced, but it is also on the strip in a premier shopping center. Beat the bill and get here for happy hour instead. We were able to get three house specialty cocktails and one whiskey for $30. I really don't think that's bad at all!I've never had a problem with any of the wait staff at the bar. I found them all to be relaxed, friendly, and attentive.
5	Have been comming here after seeing a movie  many times.  Have always had a pleasant experience.  Especially on Monday nights where they have amazing bottle specials.  The food is very good.  I especially like their cheese selection.  The out door seating is an excellent touch.  The owner Ray came over to us and asked how our experience was.   You don't see that too often anymore....  I highly recommend it....
5	Make it a DOUBLE!!!!Stopped in Double Helix before an evening of shopping to grab a drink. Me and my friend walked in and sat down. I had been in once before during their happy hour and it was packed. Luckly this time we got to sit right down at the bar and it was still happy hour. My friend knew exactly what she wanted, the sangria. I however had no idea what to order. It's a whiskey lounge but I'm not a huge whiskey drinker. I decided to take a look at their specialties. I saw a drink and it had the name Lucky in it so I said i'll have that. I then read on to find out it had riesling, peach schnapps, pineapple juice, and grenadine. the full name was Lucky Ray. Not a huge fan of wine but hell the rest of it sounds good. It came in a cocktail glass and i felt fancy as f@$%! It was also a delicious mix. I was really glad I stopped in. Hope to go back after a movie and grab another one.
5	After an afternoon of fun with the little ones at the water park in Town Square, we wanted something of an adult affair.  We had heard about their happy hour extended till 7.30.  We were surprised when they allowed the little ones in so we sat down, ordered happy hour food and drinks.It wasn't busy for a week day and the server was very tentative and very sweet, the owner even came by for a quick hello, which was much appreciated.  We sat in a booth in the corner of the restaurant, which was perfect considering we had little ones with us. The food was perfect for what we needed and price was on par with all the other restaurants and spots in Town Square. We ordered cocktails and enjoyed ourselves with conversations and the subtle music playing in the back ground.It's perfect for a quick bite, a brief break from the daily stressors, a girls or boys night out, or a break from shopping. I know it's a whiskey and wine bar but we mainly came in for something quick and simple. Will be back for another quick one! Kuddos!!
5	I was incredibly impressed by the food and libations.  After leaving work I needed to wind down and this place was the spot. Happy hour goes until 7 30 and the service is impeccable.  Christina was so helpful and steered us in the perfect direction.
3	If the bartender would stop talking, and pay attention to her work...I'd give it a 4* & I wouldn't be at Brio's!!!
5	Awesome spot.  Went out to Vegas with a large group for a bachelor party and we found this off the strip gem.  We were all from the east coast, mostly new yorkers.  The food was off the charts.  We started with a few orders of apps and plates to share which were all delicious.  The place combined a southwest feel with some food that we could all relate to home - from mama's meatballs to the flat breads and everything in between.  The ambiance of the place was great - very mellow which was great for us to kick back and grab a meal, we were out there on a bachelor party and the place was great to just chill and enjoy some great food - not to mention the selection of booze is off the charts, which was good for our party and the place was crawling with tail.  Definitely a good experience and I would and will go back - as a tourist it was a great spot that was off the strip, away from the mayhem yet still in a classy good looking establishment that isn't going to pick your pockets. five stars.
4	Great happy hour! My friend & I wanted to meet for happy hour & she suggested this place. Good call, Heidi! Bartender was very patient as my friend sampled the happy hour wines trying to decide on a favorite. I went with the malbec right away and was pretty happy with it. I tried to be good and ordered the gluten free appetizer, Seared Yellowfin Tuna. It was really good and at happy hour prices, it was a steal. But then I got weak.... And had to order the Grown Up Grilled cheese. It was adorable. I ordered it sans pork (allergy) and it was really good. My friend ordered the Olive poppers, but I couldn't try them (also had pork) this place is very pork friendly. I don't think she expected them to be breaded & deep fried. She also ordered the Salmon Caesar salad. It was very big & looked delicious! She said she liked it. I'm definitely coming back to try some other stuff, if I can keep from ordering the Grown Up Grilled Cheese, that is... Try it!
2	My boyfriend and I were looking for a place to go for happy hour. We were excited to see a place to drink next to a movie theatre. We were very disappointed with the service. Our waitress was rude, she didn't ask for our I.D.'s, she demanded to see them in a suspicious tone. We also got there before happy hour ended and we as soon as it was 'over' the deal no longer worked. We would maybe go again, but we would be sure not to order the adult grilled cheese, it was very mushy.
5	Great variety on the menu. Excellent attentive and educated staff regarding the menu, quality drinks, great atmosphere and well priced. I can't say enough positive comments. Glad to have stumbled into Double Helix.
5	Located in Town Square on Las Vegas Blvd. Just south of the Las Vegas Strip. They have a great selection of Scotch and other liquors, an incredibly friendly and attentive staff. Although I did not eat when I was there, the food looked very good and the people around me eating had nothing but praise, since they looked like people of discerning taste I will go with their opinion. I should also mention they have an extensive happy hour menu. Stop in and have a touch of the creature. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Came here with a group of friends for dinner and drinks. Small plates are great for sharing and everything we ordered was delicious. Staff was friendly and attentive and wine list was extensive with lots of affordable options. Definitely would recommend!
4	After a long night on the town, Sunday brunch at Double Helix was exactly what my friends and I needed. Our waitress was friendly and attentive to our needs. (don't remember her name, but she was a good looking blonde). For our small group we ordered a ton of food.Fried Olives - TastyCroque Madame - Delicious. Beef Sliders - StandardMac N Cheese - DeliciousArancini - AmazingFlat Bread Pizza - Its pizzaBloody Mary was great, and the girls loved the 20$ bottomless mimosas. It was nice they had the NFL game on. Would definitely go back when we visit Vegas.
5	Very laid back environment.  Amazing happy hour and brunch.  Very nice server. Affordable.
4	Before watching a movie in Town Square, my cousins and I went to have brunch here, and it was amazing!We had ordered a charcuterie and cheese plate with five year aged gouda, manchego, herb goat cheese with spicy sopressata, smoked duck, and prosciutto. It also comes with seasonal fruit, homemade onion jam, quince paste, and gourmet bread. Ugh, it was so amazing! The meat melts in your mouth and it's so delicious paired with the fruit, jams, and bread. You could tell everything was fresh made, the quality of the food was very obvious.We also ordered some appetizers since it was happy hour, we order the seared yellowfin tuna and the arancini. Both were also really amazing and fresh!Only reason I gave it a 4 star was because service was a little slow, there was only another group in the restaurant and us, so they weren't as attentive. But, other than that, I really enjoyed it. Would definitely come back here whenever I'm in Vegas again!
5	Kyle makes the BEST Manhattan in town! Hands down! The food is really good. They have all kind of healthy food that goes well with whatever you are drinking. Stop by to have a good time with friends!
4	This place had a great drink selection. The sangria was my absolute favorite with the cinnamon sugar rim! We sat outdoors and the seating was very comfortable and the fire pit was a definite plus. This is a fun place to meet for happy hour,  great for people watching at Town Square. We ordered a few items from the happy hour menu,  and they were very tastey but fairly small. Next time I will eat a little more before hand so I can enjoy all the sangria I want with one well paired appetizer.
2	I suggested this for a date .. We sat at the bar and service was terrible . Ordered one drink and didn't get acknowledge until our glasses were empty . Went to use the ladies room ( co'ed) I was shocked ! No toilet paper, I had to use paper towels that were all over the bathroom floor and over flowing onto the floor .NO running water . The soap dispenser was turned upside down on the wall . I asked for the manager who was the bartender too. She said she had just heard about and was trying to fix it . I also noticed about 50-60 dirty glasses sitting on the back of the bar ...
5	Stopped in on a Wednesday and just missed  happy hour but still has great deals. Ordered a cheese plate and some cured meats. Service was great, always is. Food was great always is. Perfect place for a drink when you're at town square.
4	This is a great location. Definitely different than the Strip location in the Palazzo. It's still on the small side, but offers a happy hour and a menu. The food looked and sounded delicious. The happy hour was a great deal. It was crowded-ish, but not overwhelming and it wasn't too difficult to get a seat. The bartender was very nice and knowledgeable. All in all, my initial experience at this location is enough to being me back. And next time, I'll be eating here too.
5	I've been to Double Helix in Town Square quite a few times and have to say that customer service, atmosphere, and F&B are always great.  Try the Brillat-Savarin with the suggested pairing, of course, and also check out the Olive Poppers, Arancini or anything else on the happy hour menu.I think I've tried everything else here, and you rally can't go wrong.  An excellent after work hangout and being in Town Square, you're close to a few other places to hop to afterwards.
5	I went to Double Helix with two friends for his birthday, and had one of the best experiences I could think of!  Way better than I expected.We started the night with appetizers and wine in the restaurant part of the bar.  Our waitress was extremely friendly, polite, and knew what to recommend based on our tastes.  She even recommended the wines for us perfectly.As we sat there talking, one of my friends had a question.  He waved down someone he thought was working there, and we come to find out that the person we waved down was the GM of the store.  It was nice to see the GM working just as hard as his employees.  We ended up having a nice conversation about the types of cigars, and he even helped make recommendations on what we should get for cigars.Overall, our experience at the store was amazing.  The employees were helpful, the GM was amazing, and the food and cigars were perfect.
3	My family and I stumbled across this location as we were shopping in Townsquare when we first walked in the ambience is undeniably beautiful we were told by the awesome waitress that happy hour ended in 12 minutes. We agreed we were all going to down the first drinks so we can get the next ones before they doubled in price. Only to be told that when she asked the bar manager Jessica , she said " no". We were still well within the time period. When the waitress came back it was two minutes after happy hour. We ordered $160.00 in food, it was fabulous. The service was undeniably outstanding. However, we will not be back because of Jessica. When I find someplace I like I am always loyal and would have return time and time again with my friends and family. I hope the $18 savings was worth it.
5	My favorite place to have drinks in all of Town Square. This warm & inviting place has ambiance, great appetizers and a phenomenal wine & cocktail menu. Friendly bar tenders, exceptional customer service & a nice outdoor patio with a center fire pit.
4	This is a great little place if you are looking a few drinks and some apps. The outside sitting area is my favorite place to hang out with friends, around the fire pit. The wine and drink list is impressive. I've been here several times now and the servers are friendly and helpful. I would give this 5 stars if the outside drinking/dinning area was non smoking.
5	My favorite place to get drinks at Town Square. Its hip and relaxed at same point. Their finger food goes well with their drinks. Try out their old fashioned, its pretty great for whisky lovers.
