5	Damn, this place was good. I didn't actually get anything there, but I took a bite of my friend's cake and couldn't stop doing it over and over again. The creamy-crispiness of whatever she got was so unique and so delicious. I'm kind of salivating as I write this.
4	This was one of my favorite bakeries when I lived in Hong Kong and it brought back so many memories seeing one here. The bakery features French style pastries and cakes but it takes it one step further by also offering chocolates, truffles, ice creams, jams and savor them with a cup of tea or coffee.Definitely a nice stop for an afternoon snack.
3	I liked the button sized raspberry tart better than their full size.  And I think their pastries need to be eaten fresh, otherwise they taste soggy or dried up...much like their day old croissants.
5	Le Notre  is very famous in Paris for gourmet bakeries. If you ever go to Vegas, you got to try out this place:   authentic French refined taste for sweetness...
3	I think I would've enjoyed my $5 Eclair better if I had gone in the morning.  Otherwise, I saw a ton of tasty, authentic looking treats.  Not bad, not good either.I love this hotel though.  Probably one of my favourites in this city.
4	My husband and I had breakfast here one morning.  Our chocolate croissant and bear claw were pretty good, but it wasn't show-stopping.  Perhaps they could have enhanced their food taste with better drink selection- their coffee wasn't that great, and the orange juice was from concentrate.  The ladies working behind the counter had a line out the door, but they worked hard to be friendly yet efficient with every customer in line.  I really appreciated their attitude and didn't see too many other places with that kind of kindness.
4	Lenotre is Le Good! :)  BFF and I ended up here since she wanted something light to eat before our spa appointment. And for some reason she was craving salad which usually does not happen. A salad is probably not something you would want to eat here or at a bakery but they had them. Plus I felt for my preggo babe and besides, a slice of their Bagliatelle (strawberry cake) caught my eye (and mouth, he he) so everything turned out peachy.
5	C'est bon!  Reminds me of the croissants I used to buy in the patisserie next to my home in Brussels.  Fresh, flaky, REAL butter (not shortening).  The almond croissant and all their pastries are just as wonderful.  Wish I had the time to have breakfast there every day!!!
5	Best croissant I've ever had. Amazingly cheap ice cream you can have.Coffee was great.
5	If your mouth was made of metal then Lenotre is a big-ass magnet.  I had an urge to just take a look when I walking around the hotel.  Then I had an urge to just try one cake.  They toy with your mind as you try to figure out what to get!  Breakfast pastry?  Lunch?  Dessert?This store has a great variety/selection of items, great presentation, and great taste!
3	Visited: 2008-07-05It was hot. Needed some ice cream. I like gelato, but not Vegas' over-priced, they-do-not-give-you-much gelato (and they limit how many samples you get, as if!).It was nice to find regular ice cream! We had 2 nice scoops of strawberry and pistachio. Hit the spot! Better than standing in the long crepe line, which I have yet to try.
3	I'm a coffee snob I guess. Max and I were trying to kill time while the traffic lightened up on the 15 back to san diego, so we walked around the Paris Hotel after visiting friends in Henderson.  We have a certain affinity to Paris and the Eiffel Tower since thats where he proposed to me.   I was immediately drawn to this coffeeshop/dessert place because the chairs reminded me of a place in Paris off of St.Germain.  A great street.  So we stop and I decide I want an espresso Affogato style.  Basically, its espresso poured over ice cream or gelato.  Yum.  When i finally got someones attention and asked for it, the woman looked at me like "whathefudgeisthat?"  I had to explain and she still seemed annoyed at me.  Hey woman, shouldn't you know what that is being that you're trying to replicate Parisian Coffee in a hotel called Paris!   Ha, I had to take my cuppa espresso and a scoop of ice cream and do it myself.  Lame-oh.
5	Umm...YES PLEASE.This cute little stop in the Paris hotel is amazing. Not only do they offer freshly baked pastries reminiscent of my recent time in Paris, but they also have lunch and snack options, a glace counter with yummy tasting frozen dairy goodness, AND...the crowning glory for me, the world's cutest little shopping area in the back of the patisserie. Can you say cupcake craze & baking shopping heaven??? They even had a cupcake shaped oven timer, how cute is THAT? I came home with a small super-cute pink fluted ceramic cake stand but trust me, if I wasn't flying back and limited on space...I would have brought back WAY WAY WAY more. There is a line here in the mornings but it moves pretty fast. Their chocolate croissant and chocolate twist are must tries. They had a tempting looking smoked salmon and caper baguette sandwich for lunch but somehow we never managed to try it. Lots of inside seating and it stays open til about 10:30 in the evenings, making it easy to stop in for a tasty treat almost anytime of the day. Downer for me was the exhorbitant price of the small drip coffee, it was almost $3.00! A latte ? Only a buck more. Def not cool.  But otherwise, loved this place, this is the closest thing I have found to real flaketastic Paris croissants and of all places in VEGAS!!!! just wish we had one locally...HINT HINT!
4	I had an amazing Yogurt parfait here that was huge so I split with my friend. They also had this huge smoked salmon sandwich I never got a chance to try out, tons of pastries and tons of ice cream!  They also had the cutest shop in the back of cupcake platters, plates, timers, etc.  So adorable!! I wish I had more time to get something but was only in Vegas for 2 1/2 days.  The place was so cute and I hope they open one in California soon maybe in Santana Row :-)
5	OMFG. this place is soooooooooo good. i love ALL their pastries/cakes. my friends and i all grabbed about 3 cakes each and tried most of them. I LOVE the rasberry mousse, the green pastacio cream cake, & the chocolate cake...pretty much everything! i love paris! PUHLEASE skip the buffet desserts and just come here!
5	this place is the shit! the desserts are excellent and beautiful! I'm gonna come here every time I'm in vegas. I think me and my friends tried every single one. They were all exceptional and outstanding cept for the creme brulee. It was iight. Stop by if you're in the area!
2	This place has good snacks but it is way over priced. $7 for a croissant and soda. Thats more than the same thing in the real Paris. It isn't even decorated like an authentic Parisian bakery. But it's not the worst in Vegas by any stretch.
4	This is the type of place that you don't think twice about as you buzz through the Paris Las Vegas casino hotel. In fact, Jamie W. and I only dropped by to kill some time before heading off to the airport. What a pleasant surprise that it turns out to be a very nice patisserie with some very decorative-looking desserts behind an expansive glass case. The rest of the place looks more like a converted ice cream parlor with a touch of Z Gallerie tackiness.I had the glorious, supposedly low-fat mousse (...now there's a contradiction in terms) that's in the photo gallery. Who knows how many calories were knocked off of it? But who the hell cares...it was good stuff, and stop judging me. As it turns out, Le Notre (now called Cafe Belle Madeleine) has quite a pedigree back in the real Paris as it was inspired by a superstar pastry chef, and this is the one and only outlet in the U.S. So enjoy, mon ami. Life is too short to just chug a Big Gulp as you wait for your taxi.PASTRY - 4 stars...delicieux...I need to try a few others on a binge to proclaim it as magnifiqueAMBIANCE - 3 stars...geez, maybe you could dim the lights a littleSERVICE - 3.5 stars...friendly enough though the French phrases come out of them like American tourists negotiating for a half-dozen mini-Eiffel Towers at a souvenir shop along the SeineTOTAL - 4 stars...le patisserie est tres bon
4	Truly appreciate this adorable space, I feel so at home at Le Notre.I'm planning a secret brunch here for my boyfriend, he is going to go gaga over the crepes, the chocolate cake, yogurt parfait, and oh the little cakes. I am so head over heels with this place and it really is a Paris like atmosphere. Cute shopping+Fresh pastries+4.5 stars Happy stress free mood when venturing back to my car, yay for a new Vegas find!
4	A cool little French pastry shop in the Paris Hotel/Casino.  I had a chocolate/hazelnut pastry that was full of that chocolate flavor and a perfect way to satisfy my sweet tooth craving.  The service was good and they offered enough items so that there was usually something for everyone, including milk, coffee, sandwiches and ice cream.
5	I have to go here every time I'm in Vegas.  It is a cute bakery shop inside Paris Hotel with delicious goodies.The creme brulee was amazing.  My favorite is the coconut mouse, OMG...heaven for a coconut lover like me.Highly recommended :D
5	Shhhh, don't tell anybody , but you are the reason I love going to Vegas. I am totally completely in love with you. Your pastries have been the star of my foodie dreams for several years now. They are the gold Standard by which I judge others.  My favorite is your tarte cherise , or Cherry tart, a lovely custard like filling with deep red cherries nicely tucked into the topI also am quite fond of your eclairs in chocolate or vanilla  , i am not picky. Thanks for your yummy goodies.  I also like the cute  kitchen items in brightly  colored patterns you have as well.  Just a joy!
4	After a disappointing chocolate croissant at the Boulangerie, I was looking for some kind of compensation. The desserts looked pretty yummy so my friend and I gave it a go. White Chocolate Dipped Strawberries with Pistachio - I was very bummed after the cute little place in the Wynn got rid of their chocolate dipped strawberries. Now I am happy again. The strawberries here are delicious and different. Eat them fresh because I left one overnight and it started to get a bit funky.Key Lime Tart - Very light flavors. The center has a bit of raspberry which adds to the fresh ones on the outside. This one's a winner too =)
3	Desserts looked good, but we opted for crepes instead. The croissant ($3) was good but the capuccino ($4) was okay.
4	I wanted to try EVERYTHING in this bakery. The case was filled with pastries and cakes that just looked delicious. I'm kind of regretting, now, that I didn't try more of their offerings.I stopped in for breakfast. I ordered a hazelnut latte, croissant and raspberry beignet. The croissant was lovely, flaky and buttery. The beignet was overflowing with delicious raspberry sauce. And the hazelnut latte perked me right up. Lots of eye candy - and good food to back it up.
3	Havent tried any pastries, but they have steamed soy milk. Conveniently located right by the hotel elevators.
3	Even if you intended to go for the books, knicknacks and self-serve by the lb. chocolate in the store, you end up finding yourself in line for the artsy pastries and desserts in the display case. We eyed everything and decided on a tiramisu in a milk chocolate cup and raspberry mousse on a sponge cake. They could use more 'cake' and less whipped cream in the tiramisu, but it was creamy and delicious. I tried breaking off the chocolate with my plastic fork and ended up with some on my jeans. The raspberry was tangy and sweet. I wish I knew about their gelato before the dessert case.
4	I think they changed their name from Le Notre to Cafe Belle Madeleine.  Not sure why or if they changed owners because entire look/feel, set up and selection is the same (and the staff looks the same as well).  Delicious pastries and great gelato.I really like their chicken sandwiches (with creamy basil pesto or aioli type sauce), as well as their vanilla eclair, chocolate and pistachio cake, and their twisted croissant-like pastry with chocolate inside (those are like my all-time favorites).  I ordered their pistachio gelato this time around and it was very yummy.  It was extremely light, airy, and creamy all at the same time.  The pistachio flavor was subtle, but just enough.We also tried the chocolate cupcake and the carrot cupcake.  Both were good, but not the best I've ever had....Minus one star because of the prices, and because service can be slow or lacking at times.This place is a bit pricey, but it's worth the money and the wait.... believe me!  I will keep coming back.... it is definitely one of my must-haves every time I come to Vegas from SoCal...
4	This place looks interesting and always full of people. I got a chocolate eclair, and was surprised they had a sugar free-diabetic friendly coconut mousse pastry. They ladies behind the counter were kinda rude, or maybe they were just tired...idk. I also had some pistachio ice cream...tasted kinda fruity and not pistachio-y...but it felt awesome to eat after being in the blazing 114F heat for about an hour.
3	Stopped in here a few months ago before going to the Anthony Cools hypnotism show.  We were looking for a quick bite and there weren't many options in the hotel that didn't have a long wait.  So CBM was the winner.The space is lovely, although dimming the lights a tad would be an improvement. Service was adequate, but not particularly welcoming.  I wanted the quiche, but they were sold out. I settled for the salmon sandwich, which was just okay. A little skimpy on the salmon, which threw off the bread-to-protein ratio. The black and white cookie I had for dessert was heavenly though.  Melted. In. My. Mouth. And just the right balance of sweetness vs. buttery goodness.MY TAKE: Check out the desserts, but skip the sandwiches.
4	Outstanding bakery. The desserts are almost too pretty to eat. Chocolate bars, aprons, books, and cookie mixes adorn the walls and shelves throughout the cafe. Prices for these souvenirs are a little high. But when in Vegas! You can order an ice cream cone, a sweet coffee drink, or any number of the sugary confections under the glass. Tarts, pastries, cakes and decadent indulgences make a colorful tapestry of temptation for your sweet tooth to be tantalized by. They offer one gluten-free dessert friends. ($6.) If you have been missing a "death by chocolate" type of dessert, you will be happy here. The cafe will bring out the ingredient list for my allergen-afflicted friends at a moments notice. The wheat-free chocolate monster cake is a little too sweet for my taste. I don't care for sweets! About two inches of sweet chocolate mouse topple a crunchy-nut-layer-covered gluten-free vanilla wafer. An ornate white chocolate guitar makes a nice ornamental topping. I had to cut myself off after a couple of bites of this thing. I can't handle the truth! Something this sweet and rich would last a week in my refrigerator. If you are a sweets lover? It is your lucky day. When I inquired about the staff favorite? The fruit-topped cheesecake was the unanimous reply. So I ordered one for my friend. Big hit. Sing "Happy Birthday" here friends. On my last birthday visit, they had a candle ready for me. I hunted down a book of matches from the Paris hotel lobby. The acoustics are amazing in this room. The echo is begging for an aria. Bring your friends here for their birthday and sing your gospel heart out. Even if you can not sing a note, you are guaranteed to sound like a million bucks. When in Vegas;-)
5	Affordable cakes and pastries, good portion we can't even finish it, good service. My daughter loves this place, her face lights up everytime we come here because she has difficulty to choose the cake that she wants but she always ended up with the ones with strawberry or raspberry on it. The cakes are not overly sweet, very fresh, and smell good, too! The napkins have paris hotel logo on it, really cute! we will be back..
5	I love desserts. Absolutely a sucker for sweets, hence I'm extremely easily woo'd by this category.I walked in here and felt like a little girl all over again, my face lit up, eyes sparkled, and mouth drooled. I kid you never.Their selection of desserts is absolutely hypmotizing. From fruit tarts to gelato to danishes, they have it all. I ended up getting a vanilla mousse with ladyfinger cake. The mousse was smooth and perfectly surgared to the point where I wanted to shove the entire cake down my throat at once. However, being the lady that I am, I silently moaned said my "Thank you prayers" as I enjoyed each bite.You have got to come here.
3	I thought just to grabbed an Iced Mocha and a pastry would be an easy task. Apparently at Cafe Belle Madeleine the whole process would take waiting in the line for 20 minutes or so. I had the Chocolate Twist pastry and it totally worth the price and the wait. The Mocha was alright, but yes...Chocolate Twist pastry...mmmmmm...
3	We came here one morning to grab a coffee before setting out to stuff our faces and then we came here another morning to grab some pastries before sitting beside the pool. The coffees were good both times. The key lime pie was so yummy. The dome of key lime was filled with raspberry puree/jelly and surrounded by fresh raspberries. The crust was like a crisp, shortbread cookie. I wish I tried more of the pastries.
4	They have a big variety of pastries. I tried their creme brulee & lemon tart, & they were so good. I will definitely visit this cafe again next time I go to Vegas. The cafe is very spacious. You can have a seat, enjoy some yummy pastries, & relax a bit after shopping around the Le Boulevard inside the Paris Casino. I did not like the latte I had there though. That's why I am giving them 4 stars only.
4	Cafe Belle Madeleine was recommended to me by a friend who was adamant that I should try the pastries. I started with a Goat Cheese Tomato Basil Quiche - Mmm! Delicious! The next day I tried a Tiramisu and it not only looked gorgeous, but tasted rich and decadent with just the right amount of rum (sometimes the rum element is missing and just not right). And on day three I tried the Strawberry Pistachio Mousse. WOW! This was my fav! Creamy (and I mean like Heavy Cream creamy) with a definite hint of pistachio, this was the best thing I've had here and the rest were all pretty awesome.Cafe Belle Madeleine is a must try at the Paris Hotel. But beware, stay away from the stale Bagel Bites. BLeh!
5	I am a sucker for fancy pastries, and I absolutely loved this place!!!
4	I went with my sister really late at night, two pregnant girls starving for chocolate. Once we walked in we knew we were staying. The desserts were amazing! It really hit the spot :-)As for their frozen hot chocolate, just by tasting it I knew I could do it myself, a nestle packet of hot chocolate mix, ice and milk. But it was so-so. The pastries were yummy and I of course, being 8 mos. pregnant at the time, finished it all up instantly. lol
4	One of the many great spots to eat at the Paris hotel.  This one is best for early risers in search of a simple breakfast though.  You won't find yourself alone here either.  The line often extends out the door, and the few tables and bar-style seats quickly fill up.  They offer up coffee, traditional French pastries, and, later in the day, a skimpy selection of ice cream.  The coffee is fairly good and is definitely preferable to the likes of Starbucks.  The pastries are amazing!  I had trouble choosing and settled for only two selections:  a croissant with ham and cheese and a cheese danish.  If only I could have gotten the pain au chocolat too!  The croissant was absolutely delicious!  Buttery, flaky, and the cheese was a rich, viscous, liquid that coated the flavorful ham and binded it to the bread.  It was a joy to eat.  The cheese danish was nothing to sneeze at either.  So, fantastic pastries all around.  There are some downsides though.  For example, there was not much effort to transform the space into something that felt French.  It looked like a Starbucks that just happened to sell amazing food and coffee.  That seemed like a misstep, especially for this hotel.  Another issue is the ice cream.  We came by here at night once, and the selection really is minimal.  It seems like everyone, including us, just goes to the Sugar Factory instead.  So why bother selling it?  Small complaints on the whole though.  Those pastries really hit the spot, and the place is definitely worth a look as such.  Recommend.
4	WHY: Dessert time! My favorite time! =DWHEN: 6:30am-11:00pm daily.WHERE: Inside the Paris Hotel.WHAT: After a wonderful meal, who doesn't think of getting desserts?!! One of my friends actually told me about this place and took me here. As we were heading to the small cafe, I was enormously excited! Why, you may ask?! I LOVE LOVE LOVE sweets & I LOVE LOVE LOVE tasty sweets!!We both had one dessert each. I personally had the Vanilla Napoleon and my friend decided to try the Tiramisu. We of course tried each other's dessert as well! I was amazed at how incredible they both tasted. Right then and there, I was convinced!! The Tiramisu wasn't too sweet, and just right!The environment was also very "chill." The workers were very helpful too, as small and cozy as the bakery was! =D It's a great place to sit, talk, and enjoy a small treat!!My story unfortunately doesn't end happily. My cousin from SD came to visit a couple months later, and I decided I wanted to take her to my favorite places to eat and grab snacks and treats. This place was definitely on my list because I have not been back ever since. I believe it was a Thursday, I parked, and happily walked to the bakery... only to be bummed that none of the desserts I wanted to try were available!! They literally had half the amount of desserts that should have been put out! =(I wasn't so disappointed, but more sad than anything... Boo! Hopefully the next time I randomly decide to pop inside the bakery again, they have a stock full of desserts! =). Until next time it is!
2	I wasn't impressed. Had a custard filled chocolate eclair, fruit tart, and sugar free chocolate cake for my gramps. I didn't like any of them. The display was looking a little sparse and I was hoping to be met with an array of enticing late night snacks. It looked like they were about to close and we were finding the scraps and rejects at the end of the night...but they weren't about to close. What happened?Darn, walked here from the Planet Hollywood too.
4	Well I'm basically reviewing the raspberry tart.  It's the only thing I've ever had here.Whenever I make the rare trip to the Paris casino, I always stop to get one.  The raspberries are fresh and the tart is soooo good.  It's the perfect thing to eat after walking around the Strip all afternoon.Only complaints: The price, but it's on the Strip so that's no surprise.  There isn't always a big selection of desserts in their display case.  And when I was there last week I asked them for a cup of water and they told me that they couldn't give me one.  Really?
5	One of 2 of the most amazing pastry shops I love in America! the most amazing pastry, coffe, chocolate! Stunningly gorgeous desserts that taste amazing, Fantastic coffee to compliment. Nice atmosphere.
5	This place is adorable, but I wish that we'd arrived a wee bit earlier, since it looked like they'd sold out of some of the other goodies. My friend and I each got a chocolatey treat, and they were rich as can be! I would totally go again. Yum.
2	The line was long and the croissants were not fresh at 11 am. If you want a nice croissant try Jean Philippe instead. If you want to wait in line for a so so "French" pastry, this is fine.
2	Not the best bakery, but okay, given you're in a cultural wasteland. The cafe serves Harney Teas (my favorite) and has tasty chocolate-covered strawberries. Don't go out of your way, but if you need a quick snack, there's not much else around (without tons of walking).
4	Am I back in Paris, France? Unfortunately no, but it's pretty closePastries and croissants, the epitome of French delicacies and what it has to offer.  This pastry shop is located inside the Paris hotel not too far from the casino area and have to say it's a relatively large shop.  They had everything from sandwhiches to espressos, and there definitely wasn't a lack of anything.  I got a couple of their croissants and chocolate-filled ones.  The texture and crisp of the bread was simply amazing.  It's probably the closest thing I'll ever get to experience that's almost as good as the actual home country's croissants.My only criticism with this place is the customer service.  There was only one person working the bakery section, and the line seemed to just move every 10 minutes.  That may be an exaggeration, but it wasn't that quick.
3	Good place to get a quick cup of coffee. Kindly pricey even considering that it's in a hotel. My iced americano (small one) costs $4.50. At least it tasted ok, otherwise I would've been very disappointed!
4	This cafe is super cute. It's located in the Paris Hotel and carries a wide variety of fancy desserts. They are all delicious and beautifully decorated. They also have pastries, coffee, and sandwiches. It's a great spot to check out if you want a simple lunch or an afternoon snack while you're in vegas and don't want to break the bank. An americano and a proscuitto sandwich on a baguette cost around $11.They also sell merchandise in the back of their store like cups, cookbooks, aprons; some which are paris themed which make it all that much more adorable.
3	Ordered  a piece of cake. It was dry and lacked flavor. I should have asked for a fresher item. Quite pricey $6 plus for bland item. Was hesitant to try something else.
2	I'll get to the food later. While paying, I asked for a cup of water. She said that they don't have tap water. I asked if that was legal. She said that the health department woudn't let them serve water since it wasn't filtered (Don't know if this is true or not). Hey, how about you filter some water for your customers??? Since it's inevitable that you're going to get thirsty after stuffing your face with sweets, you now have to pay $3 for a bottle of water after already paying $6 for each piece of cake. I will say that the ice cream is a good deal at $5 for three big scoops. But really, you're here for the cakes and pastries, right? I personally can't say too much about the desserts, the rest of my group ate those, but I was still in sweets overload from Bouchon Bakery earlier in the day. I tried the chocolate eclair which was delicious and the egg custard/pie, which was not good at all. My daughter liked the cheese danish, but she's four and will eat pretty much anything sweet. It didn't look appetizing to me. We ordered two savories, which they warm for you, but it takes ten minutes - the tomato basil tart and the chicken and mushroom in a pastry shell. The tomato basil was all dried out and the originally fresh tomatoes now resembled sundried tomatoes. The chicken and mushroom was very good. I think this was better because it's completely encased in the puff pastry which keeps the filling moist. There were a couple of good things, but I won't be back.
4	I love coming to this little cafe! my fiance worked at the paris casino and any chance I get I always go to eat a treat. I've had almost all of them and they've all been super tasty. only thing is that the coffee is a bit expensive for the size so I usually  stay away from that.
3	I didn't try their pastries just their frozen drink. Nothing special. Customer service wasn't good either.
3	My friends and I went to grab some breakfast to bring to the pool with us. The cafe was pretty spacious and cute. They have pastries, cakes, cookies, quiches, gelato, etc. Everything looks good except the bagged cookies that were lay out along the counter. I had their bran muffin and their fresh brew iced tea. The iced tea was pretty strong and good. The bran muffin though was too dense and a bit hard. It has raisin in it but not that many. It was pretty filling consider I could only finish half of it. I would go back and try their dessert next time because they look super cute behind the display.The service here was superrrrr slow though. I thought I would get my things faster considered my whole order was pre-made already. It was quick getting my muffin, but the iced tea took forever. They had one person working at the coffee bar, so she basically went down the line of order and making the drinks one at a time.
3	You might be at the Paris Hotel or in Paris, FranceYou might like to gamble, you might like to danceBut no matter which Paris you are in, when you go to a cafeYou want both good service and food, you don't want it any other wayWifey and I walked into this cafe after a showing of Jersey BoysAll three workers there from the get-go were immature without poiseCustomers didn't know where to order, so there were all these different linesOne girl scolded each customer if the right place to order he didn't find.Wait staff, just serve somebody, don't scold us 'cause the order place isn't clearStop talkin' and just serve somebodyDon't embarrass us in a way the whole store can hear!Stop complainin' and just serve somebody.So the girls scolded and helped the customers in a random mish-mash waySome people who came later got helped before because the right line they did stayEventually we ended up getting our fancy dessert food.Let me tell you, the gelato was OK, but the chocolate mousse cake was good!The mousse cake had rich chocolate flavor with hints of pistachioThe gelato had bursts of fresh tropical tasting mangoWe asked for water, but the girls all said, we don't give out tap water hereIf you want, you can buy the bottled water, but none for free, is that clear?Wait staff, just serve somebody, and please a little courtesy showStop talkin' and just serve somebodyChange girl, please don't talk for three minutes while the line behind us does growStop chattin' it up and serve somebody.While we savored our sumptuous splendorous sweetsOne girl is scolding another, telling what she did wrongI'm not here to hear about your problemsWe ate quickly, stayed not for long.If we ever go back to the Paris Hotel, I must get that dessert againBut I'll get it to go, unless the servers are trained to be cordial women and men.
4	Lovely little place, was always packed whenever I passed! Super friendly staff who gave good chatter & didn't mind the fact I took forever to decide (so many pretty sweets to choose from!)  They were also helpful in regards to my allergy needs & knew what went into everything which was great :)Cute place with some trinkets & tasty stock at the rear. Got a little raspberry & chocolate mousse.. thingy, really rich, nice presentation, enough to satisfy my sweet tooth for the day! Also got a mango smoothie, nice & refreshing though beyond sticky! Nothing a few napkins wouldn't fix though.
4	Definitely some of the best pastries on the Strip! We stopped in after our dinner at Mon Ami Gabi to grab some breakfast for the next morning. I use the term "breakfast" loosely, considering I went for a Napoleon, my partner got a chocolate pistachio mousse, and we opted to share a sticky bun. Even the next day, my Napoleon was one of the best I've had anywhere. Sweet, but not so much so that it's overwhelming. The mousse that my partner got was rich, the way mousse should be, with a center of pistachio cream, covered in a chocolate ganache. The sticky bun had that perfectly sticky, slightly crunchy caramel on the outside and it was still soft, even after being in the fridge all night. It's definitely a place we'll go back to for sweet treats in the future! The fact that it's open til midnight is nice too.
2	The pastries and dessert are to die for but not so much the customer service! I came here a while back and the cashier and staff were extremely condescending and uninterested. I even filed a formal complaint with the hotel but to no avail. This is not the restaurant's fault, I guess, but the individuals. So now when I visit Las Vegas and at the Paris Hotel and casino, I dine at The Sugar Factory instead!
1	I've made an account just to make this review.First let start with the basics. Hospitality, manners and smile. All of the women working in this place are clearly unhappy with what they are doing. No smiles, no courteous words... I felt that they were doing me a big favor in taking my order.Second the pastry. What joke is this ?! Have you ever been to the real Paris and tried any of their pastries ? I mean, I've been to Paris more than once and *any* pastry that I've tried was exponentially better than what I got from Madeleine. The latte ? What a joke... It was those machines that you normally have in your office when you want something really cheap and fast.Very important... French pastry is not only about sweets but about meat, cheese, vegetables, etc, pastries... This place had 0 options. It was either sweet or sweet.To finalize comparing this place with any of the European Pastries should be a crime. The floor of this place was dirt, the presentation was mediocre and the staff was unfriendly and unpleasant.Quick note to the owner. Fire all your staff and hire people that care about your business and are happy with what they are doing.
3	They have good sandwiches & pastries here...Great place to get snacks.
4	I like coming to this place when in the Paris hotel and seeing what treats they have to offer.  Everything they have will hit the spot.  Sit down and enjoy the ambiance and have a coffee witha pastry.  We live out of town so we get things that will last for the trip back to California.
5	Cute Parisian Cafe in the Paris Hotel for a quick snack and just to sit and indulge on the delights these French pastries. The line here can be long during breakfast and mid day, I personally love the fruit tarts, everytime I visit this place I just have to have the tart and the tiramisu was just MMmm.... GOOD!!
3	I came here to grab a quick breakfast.  They offer a variety of croissants and danishes.  I went for the raisin croissant.  It was large and had lots of raisins.  It was nicely crispy on the edges, while being moist on the inside.  It was about $3.50 and went nicely with my coffee.  I took my pastry to go, but they do have several tables inside as well.Service was helpful and moderately friendly too.
3	Coffee shop located inside Paris.  Purchased chocolate croissant and coffee.  Coffee was alright.  It was rather bland taste.Chocolate croissant was not bad, but nothing extraordinary.
4	Beautiful, yummy pastries and desserts for ~$5-6 each. I walked in and couldn't help taking pictures of everything! - Peach Flan: 2/5 - very jiggly and not very peachy.- Coffee Tiramisu: 3/5 - so pretty, but the dessert itself wasn't very traditional. Lacked a sufficient amount of lady fingers. Basically a chocolate cup with coffee cream inside, but still delicious.- Chocolate Eclair: 4/5 - light, flaky exterior with a chocolate cream/pudding type center. - Cheesecake: 4/5 - Creamy, classic cheesecake round with a crunchy, nutty crust and fruit topping. Some of the pastries do look slightly better than they taste, but they really are some of the most beautiful desserts you will ever lay your eyes on and everything was still good, even if it wasn't great. I just didn't give any 5/5 because in my mind that's a "YOU HAVE TO GET THIS" type rating and I didn't quite have that reaction. I still think it's worth checking this place out though!
1	The service was fairly friendly, but the coffee was terrible. It cost me $3.25 for a small coffee with sugar free vanilla syrup. I threw it away, as no amount of cream and sugar could make it drinkable.
4	This busy bakery has several different pastries, desserts, ice cream, and coffee. We tried the red velvet cupcake and a large chocolate chip cookie. The cupcake was large and moist with delicious tangy cream cheese frosting. The cookie wasn't too hard or too soft, and the chocolate was rich and plentiful. I would definitely stop in again to try their other desserts.
1	I've got to have my coffee and I'm not too picky with coffee but this place has the worst coffee I've ever tasted. It tasted like burnt plastic. I had to put so much cream and sugar. I tried the lattes thinking it will help but it just tasted like warm milk. The service is some of the worst I've experienced. Never a smile or a friendly welcome or how I can help you. The 3 times I went there, people were confused on where to order and where to purchase. It wasn't clear and then we were all told to move the line like as if we were ignorant. There just aren't signs that guide the customers. I only went there out of convenience because it was right next to the guest elevators.
3	We grabbed a quick breakfast at CBM. There was a long line but we were able to grab a table right away. Everything is overpriced but that is to be expected in vegas. My bran muffin was ok.
5	We stopped here to get a coffee, but ended up getting the best tasting latte... EVER!! I am an avid coffee drinker and the latte was so good. I also purchased a raspberry chocolate mousse covered in ganache, it was soooooo delicious topped with fresh berries. A definite must try!!! Would have given the place more stars
4	Getting my tomato tart! tastes delicious!
4	Love the cheese danish here. Limited seating but there's free WiFi here.
1	Nasty coffee not even done right. Cafe Au Lait is espresso with steamed milk, or at the very least coffee with steamed milk. What we got was plain coffee with milk. The cashier starter arguing with me, saying I don't know what cafe au lait. Pulled up Wikipedia and google images to prove I know what I get on a pretty regular basis. She called it a latte and charged me extra to replace our current order. Deserts are ok, the rest is very sub par, especially for the price. If ur gonna charge that much, step up your game food and service wise, or get out!
1	Awful attitudes of the old people behind the counter. Bad coffee and don't expect any of their pastries heated coz they dont have oven or microwave.
4	This place is pretty decent. Same, overpriced food that you can find every else in Paris. I agree with the rest of the reviewers- the line was really long. Coffee wasn't that great. The pastries weren't out of this world. Would I come here again? No. I recommend Bouchon Bakery in the Venetian. Much, much better. It costs a bit more, but it's worth the price. This place? Not at all. But I don't despise it completely. I honestly had no expectations of this place, so there isn't much to say.HOWEVER- I'm adding an extra star for the free wi-fi. That stuff is hard to find in places like this.
3	Overpriced French pastries. Many items to choose from in their cafe. I ordered a slice of the strawberry pistachio, which came with a small macaron on top. The macaron did not have a filling on the inside. The layers of the cake were not moist, and the whipped cream filling in between was also fairly hard. I was hoping for a light an airy snack, but was not pleased.
1	Located near the guest elevators inside of the Paris hotel and Casino, this busy french cafe was a disappointment to our taste buds. Of course we were expecting to pay tourist prices when we ate here, but we still wished that the quality of food was satisfactory. I'm not going to lie, I was very impressed with their beautiful display cases of baked cakes and pastries, but looks are definitely deceiving. Their cold sandwiches were about $9 each and they were pre wrapped in a clear plastic. They looked like they were made way in advance in a distant warehouse. We could tell they weren't fresh as the bread was damp and soggy. The flavor and ingredients used in the sandwiches were not the greatest quality nor were they fresh. We chose the Prosciutto and pickle sandwich and also the Chicken breast pesto.The prosciutto was dried out, stringy, and nearly impossible to chew. The pickles were interesting and fun as they were whole mini pickles, yet they were awkward to eat because they kept falling out of the sandwich. The chicken pesto sandwich had dry chunks of cold chicken breast, 1 thin piece of iceberg lettuce, and a tiny bit of mayo pesto spread that was so indistinct, I could barely taste any. It was a shame that they named it a pesto sandwich, when it really wasn't. Even the vanilla iced latte was a failure. They put it in a clear plastic cup with the awkward dome cap which made it spill out everywhere and got everything sticky. It also didn't blend well with the condense milk that they put in it, so my first sip was a punch in the face of condense milk. Note- I didn't taste any vanilla. The croissant was very dry as well. When we tried to tear off pieces to share it, it would crumble into a million little pieces of croissant dust.
2	As some who prides himself as a coffee and pastry junkie, this place did not cut it. I ordered a latte, which was mediocre at best. Not really much flavor. The bear claw almond pastry was okay but tasted as if factory made. Don't let the whole Paris theme fool you. I recommend going to Starbucks or just getting straight up drop coffee and saving your money for other things... Like the casinos.
4	The line to enter was horrendous, however it was so worth it.  Coffee's, soups and pastries are served.  Your eyes take in so many pastries, it is dizzying.  We ordered ham and cheese croissants and dessert croissants.  They were delicious and worth another monorail ride back.
4	Food was delicious - we had a selection of different items - chicken and mushroom feuillet which was warm, chicken and pesto sandwich, croissant, quiche Lorraine, salmon sandwich - all very enjoyable. Loved my frozen coffee with English toffee flavoring.Only cons - lighting is too bright and would be better if more subdued and prices are high - but this is Vegas!!
1	The service was shocking. Extremely rude counter service. We were spoken to like trash. And for the record, we were really excited to relax and have a nice pastry and coffee after supper. Every time I ordered something, I barely finished a word and I got interrupted with, "-AND WHAT ELSE?"  Totally ruined the experience.
5	Coffee was great! They chocolate cupcake was good but very rich! I also tried the blueberry muffin and the opera cake that has coffee and chocolate ganache.Good place to sit and relax a little while!
5	Always need to stop here for something yummy! We stayed at the hotel this this time so every morning we went downstairs for some coffee and a croissant. It was great!
3	Great location inside the Paris hotel, in the corridor linking Bally's to Paris.Ordered the chocolate eclair, looked more yummier than it tasted, simply b/c the crust wasn't there.  Even the chocolate was a bit overwhelming, and the yellow custard was alright.  Unfairly, I'm probably comparing to the wrong type of eclair, the American one, with lots of whipped cream lol.But the salads and panini look promising judging from the tables.Nice country-style theme going on.Lots of seating.Wouldn't say the world's friendliest service either.
1	The woman behind the counter told me she could not give me a glass of water due to the health department concerns over their sanitation. Disturbing for a place that sells food.
3	After having lunch at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant, I stopped to take home some pastries for later.  Usually the line is so long that I just bypass the place but this day, there were only a few people in line.I got a raspberry tart and a chocolate mousse with raspberry topping and sides.  The pastries were good.  The mousse was not sweet.  In fact, it was almost an unsweetened chocolate taste but that didn't take away form it.  My wife liked her raspberry tart the best.Service was quick and pleasant and I was out the door within a few minutes.  All in all, an OK place as long as it isn't slammed with a lot of people.
4	We had the Napoleon, the macaroons and the Opera. The Napoleon was excellent as well as the macaroons. The Opera was too rich for me however my husband liked it. In the morning, it was really busy but after about 1:00 the lines were pretty short. It's conveniently located right near the elevators to the hotel and the corridor to Bally's.
3	After lunch, my husband and I were strolling through The Paris hotel with no plan in mind.  Happened across the Cafe Belle Madeleine and thought we'd check it out.  Always up for dessert, or chocolate rather, as we both are major sweet tooths.Decided to go for the Chocolate Raspberry Mousse, which was a raspberry gelee incased in an airy chocolate mousse and decorated with what looked to be a handpainted chocolate disk, white chocolate cigars, and a raspberry.  It was very pretty to look at.The taste, however, was just okay.  The raspberry gelee was very firm, and it was a texture I did not prefer.  The chocolate, of course, was delicious.  However, I feel this dessert was more flashy than anything, and we might have been better served to go with something more plain.  They did have quite a selection to pick from.If I was local, I'd go here again just to sample something else.  They had sandwiches here as well, so it might be nice to get something quick, easy and less expensive than a lot of the other places we visited.
3	A little pricey of course since it's on the strip inside Paris casino. The pastries is what you come here for, nice fancy desserts that are as good as they look. The water the sandwiches etc are way over priced a bottle of water $3.50 really.
5	Nice cafe. I got the hot cocoa. Was so yummy. Prices are pretty cheap here. They have all sort of yummy desserts here too and food. Customer service was fast and friendly. Located in the Paris hotel. They have small tables you can sit at. Closes at 11pm (sat) but they were happy to stay open longer to serve more people.
5	I got the pumpkin cheesecake and it was pretty darn good. It was not too rich and not badly priced for 6 bucks. The Naked juice was decently priced at 5 dollars. Great evening snack.
