5	I feel like I have been waiting forever for this gym to open and their doors FINALLY opened this past weekend.  This is definitely a state of the art facility.  Only the newest and best equipment is good enough for this gym.  Every cardio machine is equipped with its own personal television with cable.  There are weight machines for every muscle group you can think of.  The floors are heavenly to walk on, with plenty of cushion.  There are three large classrooms, 2 on the 2nd floor and one on the third.  The yoga room is nice and quiet, perfect for a serene workout.  One of the coolest things about this gym is the cardio cinema, where you can watch a newly released to DVD movie on the big screen while working out.  How sweet is that?  The locker rooms are also beautiful and well appointed.  The showers are private and the sauna is located right behind them.This really is an amazing gym.  They don't call it Elite for nothing.  On top of everything already amazing about this place, you really can't bead the awesome 3rd story views you get while working out.
5	So far, so good. I'll admit I have my doubts about CityScape, but damn, Golds is a nice step in the right direction for downtown Phoenix. This place is done up to the nines -- amazing facility all around.The locker room is souped up with keypads, the sauna is huge and not (yet) seedy and they offer a bevy of personal care items for you included in your membership. Yep, I plan on taking classes, so I can at least look like I know how to use half of these fancy things they offer.There are so many machines, free weights, studios and stretching apparatuses that my workouts may stretch several hours long. Deep breath. OK, trying to put a calm on my excitement.The "cardio cinema" movie theater is just a tick below ridiculous, but then again I'll probably end up using it more than half of the things they offer.The staff has been really personable so far, which is a big boost up from the Y, where it's basically like pulling teeth just to get scanned in. Count me in as a believer!
5	I absolutely LOVE my new gym.  I cannot even imagine going to the Y compared to Golds.  Not only do the workers know your name but they are also approachable and helpful.  Unlike any other gym I've ever been to, they come up and ask you what you'd like to see them add.  They are there to show you how to use the equipment and they don't make you feel like an idiot when you don't pound 300lb weighs.  Despite the stigma that comes with a Golds (body builder types) this one is full of business types who are just trying to stay fit.  Everyone who goes is friendly and no one is there to "show off" which is a nice change of pace from the LA Fitness over at Town & Country.The equipment is great.  Everything is new and state of the art.  The cardio equipment has individual tvs that even allow you to plug your iPod in to.  You can actually watch your downloaded movies/shows on the large screen.  They get cable and HD so it's great when you want to run while watching Glee or the Real Madrid match.  The locker rooms are the antithesis of every gym locker room you've ever experienced.  Private showers, toiletries, laundry service, keypad lockers, and an awesome sauna.  I've spent about 3 hours here every day since they've opened.  It's such a great place.  Can't say enough about it.
2	I will have to agree with the earlier review posted here on the gym. The gym facility is outstanding, and the equipment they do have is top of the line and brand new, but they are still missing many, many pieces of equipment and we keep getting the run around on when the remaining equipment is coming. The membership fees here are among the highest in PHX so I think the members should have a complete gym. They also charge a twice yearly "upgrade fee" (in addition to the monthly fee) so I think we should expect a nicely equipped gym, it's just not there yet. The gym is dead right now, and I feel that this is because they have zero presence on google and search engine marketing. When you search for "gold's gym downtown phoenix", google brings you to the Awautukee location. They have completely ignored web marketing and this will be a problem for new business if they don't fix it. I am waiting to see if they finally reply to me about the equipment issue and will change the rating here once we get a complete gym.
5	I joined Gold's about three weeks ago and have gone from working out twice a month (when I was a member at LA Fitness) to six days a week.It's clean, modern and who wouldn't love working out while taking in the city views? The locker rooms are spacious with amenities ranging from overnight lockers to executive lockers that include laundry service. The cardio machines all have their own TV screens, so not only can you watch whatever you want on cable, but you can actually hook your iPod up to the machines and watch Pod casts or movies of your own. The machines are all brand new with the latest technology. And one of my favorite parts is the Cardio Cinema. It's a screening room with exercise bikes, treadmills and ellipticals. They show a new movie every day and the front desk is open to recommendations. ;)They also have some really great classes. They have power yoga, hot yoga, body pump, super abs, pilates, zumba and more. And as the clientele expands, they're planning on expanding the class schedule. This gym seriously has something for everyone. And with great customer service, amazing amenities, and a super convenient location, it's one of my favorite places to be!
5	So we finally joined this local Gold's Gym. My wife was already a member so she just had to upgrade her account to be able to go to this elite location. What a dope gym!  They have all of the top-of-the-line equipment, a huge cardio cinema room where they play movies all day, nice sauna's and great city views. I was literally able to run a few miles on the running eliptical while overlooking the downtown traffic, how awesome is that???? Everybody seemed very helpful and the clientele was your downtown workers, not the juice heads from Scottsdale Shore. They have an expanding class program with hot yoga, power yoga, pilates and spinning. Woo Hoo for the hot yoga, bikram is getting pricey for me!  What a gem, super stoked to have such a high caliber gym so close to the pad!!!!
5	I finally joined this gym after weeks of agonizing over the monthly rates. I was having a hard time justifying the approx $80/mos fee. Turns out, I didn't have to stress that hard since I got a decent rate already being a Gold's Gym member in the north Scottsdale gym. Because I was already a member, my new rate was $50/mos and even though my husband was not a member, he got that rate, too. That might seem like alot but the hot yoga classes were a major factor for me. Even though they only offer one hot yoga class per week, they will be increasing the frequency due to the popularity. So, in my opinion, I am getting unlimited hot yoga per month for an added $25 to my existing gym membership. Way, way worth it to me when I factor in Bikram Yoga's rates. There are a number of features to this gym that other reviews have already mentioned. They have individual spinning bikes that have individual screens allowing you to use a digital spin instructor. This is great if you can't make it to their live spin classes. All of the cardio machines have TVs that you can plug your headphones in. The employees actively seek suggestions to add machines they don't already have. Members are also offered a workout towel and shower towel so you don't have to bring one. I like the option of the validated parking (2 hours). If I want to go to an event downtown, I can fit in a short workout, shower, and then leave my car in the garage for whatever time I have left in the garage. I'm not sure how busy the gym will get after awhile, but for now, I am enjoying the easy and quick access to any of the machines. Lots of people-watching and nice views are to be had working out by the windows...you can't beat it.
3	3 things I don't like.2 things I do like.DON'T:1 - Where the hell is the basketball court or lap pool?2 - Where the f%@$ are the racquetball/squash courts?3 - Why is the entrance so hard to get to, on the INSIDE of the block?DO1 - The weight machines are well organized/laid out and well selected.2 - The cardio cinema is the coolest thing since running water.It's $35/two-weeks (+ one-time $100 enrollment fee).  They do it this way instead of monthly b/c it basically sucks an extra month's payment out of you each year.  The other plan with no enrollment fee is for short-timers only.  There are also corporate, student discounts that can cut your enrollment fee in half and/or get your bi-weekly payments down to $20, so ask about that if you're considering this place.  Are you a couple?  2nd person: no enrollment fee + $20/two-wks
5	I've been a member of the Village for quite awhile and loved the place for all it's ammenities but for some reason I would dread going there. In retrospect, the drive was just a hassle, the distance, the traffic. For the gym itself the hoards of kids screaming jumping around was a lil tough . So when I saw the reviews of Gold's elite that is only 1/2 a  mile  from my house I knew I had to check it out!First, it was a little tricky for me to find but if you come down 1st st and turn right onto Washington, the oneway stay in left lane the parking garage is there on your left. Be careful pulling in!! Watch the signs! The gym is on the second floor and let me tell you!! Gorgeous view, wide open climate controlled gym to a cool temp. My salesperson Jessica is amazing she was fun, open and not a hard sell. The gym sells itself really! I got the full tour, signed up, made my first training appt, got my free travel passes for next week then I was out the door in 30 min! That was awesome I was on a schedule! another perk, the restaurant "First Watch" is on the corner and starbucks on the other !! I be ready for an egg-white omelet after a good workout !I'll be riding my bike since it's so close. They don't have bike racks yet but no problem, they  will accomodate my wheels! The price is reasonable !!!So bye bye Village you were good to me but hands down Golds Elite has what works for me !!
4	This gym is MAJOR!!! When I entered Gold's Gym Elite I felt as if I was checking into a hip hotel like The W. Very modern, stylish and CLEAN!! I am beyond happy about joining! It is extremely clean, which a gym should be. The staff is friendly and helpful. The cardio machines are way cool. Each one has a personal tv to use and a cord to connect your i-POD. How cool is that? It doesn't have a pool which is a bit of a downer. The views from the gym are excellent. I did my cardio workout the other day and watched all of the planes flying into Sky Harbor. It was fantastic! Gold's Gym Elite in Phoenix is not overly crowded which makes working out there so much more enjoyable. I was a member for a long time to a very popular gym in this part of the valley. It was way too crowded, and the bathrooms were filthy. I gladly ended my membership and joined Gold's Gym Elite.
3	I'm using a complimentary pass this month to try out Gold's Gym Elite. I feel like in Downtown Phoenix I don't have too many health club options. There's the YMCA (~$42 a month and I have to share it with the Downtown ASU student population), there's the free gym for residents at Roosevelt Square (old equipment, broken treadmills, no squat/power racks), there's Just Breathe, Sutra Midtown, Yoga Den and a few other yoga/pilates studios (not into yoga or group fitness). There isn't any other true "gym" within walking or short biking distance in my neighborhood. The closest big-box gym is LA Fitness on Camelback and 20th. Can't even get there on lightrail. Not my favorite, but I'd go there if it were closer.So I'm feeling almost forced to go to Gold's if I want to have a gym near my home. Before anyone says anything, I'll just warn that this review is based on what *I* want in a gym. This is not a reflection on Gold's Gym Elite (GGE from here on out), but rather, it's about my own preferences. The gym is gorgeous, and for the average gym goer looking for a higher-end health club without the water park (think: Lifetime, ugh!)... GGE could very well be heaven on earth. But to me... GGE, on price alone, is out of my budget. I would carve out the monthly dues from somewhere if I could justify that this gym is worth that to me. But I just can't pay that much per month to use only about 1/3 of their offerings. I just want to lift weights (free weights, not machines) and use a treadmill once in a while. I'm not thrilled or impressed by all the extra bells and whistles like the cardio theater, the i-pod hookups, the fancy-pants locker room services, etc. Those are not things I even want in my gym... I'm really concerned that there are no squat racks or power racks, only smith machines. The founder of Gold's Gyms must be rolling over in his grave about that one.The tough part is that I actually really like going into this gym. The staff is super friendly and attentive, everything is VERY clean, I don't have to wait for equipment... The space between equipment, benches, dumbbell racks is perfect. I don't feel like we get in each other's way in there. Those little details matter... Still, I just can't justify the monthly fee for what I want (and will actually use) out of that gym. The facts remain: you can get an excellent, well-rounded workout here. There is something for nearly everyone (unless you're looking for a pool, a squat/power rack, or a rowing machine). The staff and customer service are top notch and make you leave with a smile on your face. The cardio theater is kick-ass, and the group fitness offerings look great (a wide variety of spin, yoga, bodypump and others).The place is A-OK. Just because I'm not a fan, doesn't mean you won't be. Go by and check it out. It really is a great place! In the meantime I'll continue my search for a place to call *my* neighborhood gym.
3	Ah,... I decided to take a trip to Gold's Gym Elite with a friend because it's only a couple of blocks from home.  My first impression as we walked in was like we just discovered a place where people don't go to workout.The lobby was nice, vast and empty, well except for the cute receptionist at the counter.  As we were filling out a sheet she gave us, so maybe one day we could possibly become potential leads for the sales people again, we noticed how quiet this gym is.  Usually you would hear all the ruckus that goes on in any typical gym like weights dropping, treadmills running and people socializing but not at this gym, utter silence...  I could actually hear the receptionist thinking.  Our tour guide/sales guy greeted us eagerly.  He first showed us the locker room, where I was quite impressed.  The locker room was spotless and spacious.  I've never seen a locker room this neat and kept.  Then, he showed us the cardio cinema.  Which at first I thought it was cool with the room being dim with a projection screen but you have to ask yourself, how intense you want your cardio to be while watching something like Chuck and Larry.  Then, he finally takes us upstairs where the workout floor is located and to our surprise there was only one lonely girl working out.  Later our tour guide will speak with her about a schedule or something, I guess the only girl working out also works there.  I started to like the place since it's virtually empty, because it will cut the time I spend at the gym in half.  With that said, that was also our tour guide sales pitch.  All the equipment on the floor is new.  One thing that I like about the floor is that they position the treadmills in front of the floor-to-ceiling windows that give you a view of the urban sprawl of downtown.Our tour ended at our guide's desk where he went over some of the plans they offer.  Their cheapest plan they offer, in which our sales guy admits that mostly all there members are on is double what I currently pay at my current gym and on top of that there's a contract involved. That was a deal breaker, well for me.  Our sales guy was persistent on trying to gives us memberships, so we told him that we will have to think about it.  My buddy asks him for like a pamphlet or brochure with the plans, in which he response that they have no such thing there.  Then I quickly ask him if he could just give us a print out of the screen where the plans were displayed on his computer.  He looks around and tells us that they can't do that.  What?  Either they are computer illiterate or bad customer service.I actually kinda like Gold's Gym but I love the gym I go to at town n country, but if I was blown away I would have signed up.
4	I checked this place out on a two month whim. I'm glad I finally did. As a member of the 24 Hour Fitness on 32nd and Camleback, this is like working out in the future.  While the few people I've seen here aren't what I would call friendly, I've yet to see the place packed. Every membership comes with towel service.  The locker room is clean. The showers almost make you feel silly for bringing flip flops. I think one of the soaps had aloe in it. The worst thing I've noticed is after rush hour there can be some towels piled up and maybe an empty protein shake can left in a locker. I toured The Village and just couldn't bring myself to join. I mean, a gym that has a bar in it? Seriously? Kids eating french fries on the carpet outside the weight room? Really? While it would be nice for Golds to have some courts or a pool or something, honestly, I'm ok with it not. It's Gold's. They're kind of known for getting your ass in shape not being a place soccer moms can barter for carpools over a latte. Don't get the wrong idea though. The place isn't for the hardcore, barbell dropping, chalk on the palms, vein faced sweat spitters that populate some of the traditional Golds. This is both a plus *and* a minus for this place. If you want to do some serious weight training then expect to use machines. While they do have a decent free weight area it's just too small. Two Smith machines are ok, but only one real squat rack? C'mon. If you want to work on Oly lifts like a snatch then you're going to either have to wait your turn or improvise with dumbells.  The trainer staff is nice enough but aren't really cued into the basic gym etiquette. For example, one day I was doing overhead squats, so I had over a hundred pounds suspended over my head, and one of the trainers walks *directly* behind me, between myself and a bench rack. Not that big of a deal in writing, but she and her trainee were potentially within inches of having their heads crushed if I couldn't hold my grip.  Kind of amateur.  As with any gym there's the douche canoes and their spiked hair, there's guys dropping the occasional set of dumbbells and two uptight guys on elliptical trainers who will glance at each other and do a synchronous eye roll over it. Sometimes the trainers take up too much room with a client, but all in all if you avoid rush hour it's a good spot. Oh, but the music sucks, bad.
5	Yeah it's a bit pricey but I feel the money is well spent on staying healthy. The facilities are phenomenal and that staff knows me by name.It is really only crowed around 5PM on weeknights. Crowded but you still don't have to wait for cardo machines.Super clean, new machines, great location, friendly staff.
1	Locker Room sucks assThe locker room is WAY too small ... they have a whopping two benches that comfortably sit 4 each, so a whole 8 people fit in the entire room at any given time. The rest of the locker room is wasted by "premium" lockers that virtually NO ONE uses. Then there's the very awkward positioning of chairs where people can hang out and lounge in the locker room while you are changing in front of them. And although there's signs that say "no cell phone use" in the locker room, the people in those chairs usually have their phones out with backside cameras facing YOU.Undependable shower water temperatures.This places has gone weeks without hot water in the showers, and it's always hit and miss. It's been over 3 months and they can't seem to get it right.Machines in various states of disrepair.This place is brand new and still there are numerous machines in  various states of "broken-ness". It's just amazing to me that these machines are left broken for months on end. Do they ever use their own equipment?"Opps for got to tell you"So while getting the sales tour we were shown the tanning bed, of which the salesman just forgot to tell us that it was an extra charge. After telling management about this scam, the response was "sorry".One decent thing is that they supply razors, q-tips, antiperspirant, bodywash, cream rinse and shampoo in the locker room/showers.I wish I had gone back to the YMCA rather than get locked into a 2 year deal with this poorly managed gym. The Y does not have any long term contracts and they have a pool, racquetball courts, basketball courts (of which Gold's has none) along with two workout rooms and all cheaper and without a long contract ...
1	I wanted to talk with this gym about membership options, but due to a tight schedule, was only able to talk by phone. I was told that was impossible, and that if I wasn't "willing" to come to the gym for the hard sell, then I clearly wasn't committed enough to my fitness goals.What a way to guarantee no-sale! It is nice to know right away that everyone is just a number, a body to them. If they treat me so poorly when they WANT my money, I can only imagine what the "service" is like once they've got it. No thanks, Gold's. I deserve better.
1	The gym area is big, but has a really limited amount of machines and free weights, you get bored very soon withe same things. Is always clean, that's the good thing, But their costumer services is one of the worst, they also over charge you like instead taking you your membership every two weeks they do it twice, and they want to "pay you back" with personal training sessions, because they don't want to return the money. I canceled bcz of that. SO I WILL GIVE A BIG NO,NO,NO TO GOLD'S GYM, BAD SERVICE,  ALSO STILLING YOUR MONEY.OH AND ON TOP OF ALL THEY OFFER DIFFERENT PRICES TO EVERYONE. SOMEONES PAY $20 BIWEEKLY OTHERS $30 AND BELIEVE IT OR NOT SOME DO $40. I DIDN'T PAY A MEMBERSHIP FEES, MY VERY GOOD BUDDY DID HAVE TO PAY $100.00 THAT'S PART OF THEIR VERY GOOD SERVICE THEY OFFER. I BELIEVE IS OUTSTANDING WHEN THEY KNOW YOU BY NAME, BUT THE ONLY REASON THIS EMPLOYEES DO IS BECAUSE THE GYM HAVE NO MORE THAN 100 MEMBERS... PROBABLY !!!
4	It's the nicest, cleanest gym in or around Downtown Phoenix. And because it's new (and probably because it's not cheap), it's less-crowded than any gym in or around Downtown Phoenix.The staff knows you by name, the trainers are knowledgeable and actually look like trainers, and technologically Gold's is light years ahead of... wait for it... any gym in or around Downtown Phoenix.The machines are brand new and there's plenty of variety. There's a cardio theater, tons of class options, and virtually every cardio machine has its own TV. I've been a member at 24HR Fitness, Lifetime Fitness, and Scottsdale Community College and none of those facilities are on the same plane as Gold's Elite. Are there some drawbacks? Of course. The locker room is peculiar in its layout. And there is some sort of plumbing issue there, evidenced by standing water in the shower area. BUT, in that same locker room, every toiletry is provided, lest toothbrushes, and I end up smelling better when I leave than when I entered. I'm training with Jake, who is a former Div-I football player and a heckuva nice guy. He also kicks my butt. The YMCA is very nice but I prefer the roominess of Gold's, not to mention the fact that I've never had to fight with anyone over a machine.
4	We've been going to Gold's Gym at Cityscape, downtown Phoenix since Feb 2011. We like it a lot vs. the gym we used to go to, LA Fitness at Camelback & Highland...yuck!!!  Gold's is so much better in everyway! The music is a bit on the hip-hop side which I don't like but I just wear my iPod for music. It is nice & cool in there, compared to LA Fitness...always so hot & muggy.  We work out in the evening so it's not too busy at all People seem to have a 'stigma' about downtown, but going to this Gold's actually made us appreciate downtown more than ever before.  :)
5	This gym is clean!Its open feeling and has windows everywhere.The staff is very friendly and knows your name.The machines are new and not out dated. If your new to the work out scene the trainers are super friendly and are willing to teach. Its not overly crowded and because of the higher price there aren't a bunch of creepy people lurking around.The theatre room is amazing!
4	ps......The only issue I have is that they close at 8 pm on Sat & Sun. 8 pm is early, being the 5th largest city in the US!  We're no like some small, hick town in the midwest.  9 pm is probably more reasonable.  :)
5	All new equipment super clean! Great city views of Phoenix, very close to sports venue's and highway. Great tunes to train with
1	Equipment is not well maintained. Pads are wearing out and not replaced on a fair amount of the machines..  No attention to oiling machines.  Place is not especially clean.  Not enough lockers.   Cardio cinema is a complete waste of space.
1	Place is still not maintaining equipment. Beware of twice yearly $15 "service fee".  This is in addition to your dues!  This is supposed to be for maintenance of gym.  It is not happening.  The place is getting dirty.  Pubes and dust all around the machines.  This place is going downhill fast!  I am going to start taking pictures and posting them on here.
1	We work out late, usually from 8:30 pm to 10 pm....Almost everytime, they start mopping & vacuuming the gym during this time, & I'm getting really sick of it!  The ammonia of the mop always seems very strong & it bothers my contact lenses, plus it makes the gym very muggy. Can't they wait til closing to mop?? I hate when I'm doing a set & they're mopping or vacuuming all around me... I have to play "Dodge the Mop" game everytime I work out.  I like this gym, but not when they're doing this.  :(
4	One of the few things I miss about Phoenix when I relocated!  I adore this gym so much that I kept my membership so I can work out here on the rare occasions that I am in town (not the smartest financial decision, tisk tisk).  The gym is very clean, upbeat, and spacious.  It has plenty of cardio machines, resistance machines, and free weights; however, you might need to wait for about 5-15 minutes for your favorite machines during peak hours.  You might need to wait longer now, now that this gym reduced the monthly membership dues.    The crowd that that goes here is your typical 9-5 white collar professionals who are serious about getting a good workout before or after work.  A very pleasant crowd overall.  I also trained with a few personal trainers at the gym and had positive experience/results.  Make sure you ask for a free training session with your preferred trainer *before* signing up for the personal training contract so that it gives you a chance to get to know your trainer and his/her level of professionalism.  All in all, a great gym!
1	Deceptive contracts. When you ask the sales people to clarify terms in the contract, they will make up lies. It's a shame that such a nice facility (initially) has gone downhill so fast.1. I had to stop doing cardio there because they would dust, vacuum, and use a strong cleaner right next to me while on the treadmills. I have asthma and it made me have an asthma attack. This happened several times; see other review.2. Locker room is disgusting and dirty, especially on weekends. Water will puddle for days in the shower, along with wet towels, razors, and paper towels. Showers frequently broken.3. They do not stay open late enough (8pm) on weekends.4. They do not have enough bars so the all benches and the squat rack can be used at the same time. It's annoying when it gets busy.5. Parking is a disaster. The parking company likes to randomly open and not post the hours they are open. Want to grab food after a workout? Tough luck; your validation is good for only two hours, and it can't be validated by a restaurant and Gold's Gym. I thought CityScape wanted people to spend money there.6. Not once have I seen staff properly stack the weights. Trainers leave weights and other equipment everywhere.7. Creepy guys will be sitting in the chairs in the locker room watching people change for hours.8. Basically no one uses the overnight, for-charge lockers, and there aren't nearly enough regular lockers. Such a waste of space.I could go on and on. In central Phoenix, I would recommend other gyms ahead of this one, including Tangible, YouFit, and even LA Fitness on 20th St during non-peak hours. Don't waste your time and money. Staff is nice, and the gym looks neat, but it's a terrible place to sign a contact to use.
1	I joined Gold's Elite as my 10-year Working Out and Living Healthy gift to myself, in January 2011.  I got the Corporate Locker, which included laundry service, the tanning package, and toiletries such as razors, shampoo, shaving cream, soap, lotion, and hair dryer and such.  I also purchased a membership for my wife and 16 Personal Training sessions for myself.  I felt very comfortable with my decisions, at the time.  I chose this new Gold's Gym Elite over an invitation at the Phoenix Country Club.After being a member there, for over a year, the facility and its staff has declined tremendously.  They no longer have towels that fit everyone (I'm a size 38 Male waist); drug addicts and people just leaving the downtown courthouse (who aren't members) are constantly using day passes to shower and relax in the sauna; the sales representatives are rude and pretentious once you are no longer a sale to them; the front desk staff changes every month and we're lucky if there are even 10% like Nikki (the very first front desk staff); there have been four General Managers in as little as a year and they care so little about anyone and treat members like they're there doing us a favor by being there; the trainers (with the exception of Pete) consistently gossip horribly about the members they train - which makes us never want to work with them again; there has been a 5-ft x 5-ft puddle of water in the men's locker room for as long as I have been a member; they lose our laundered clothes, especially socks, on a regular basis; the maintenance techniques on the weight machines are poor, as when you lift on some of them, they skip; the treadmills look nice however, they skip-stop when running on them.Clearly, I'm not at all happy with the fact that I pay nearly $200.00 a month for what technically is not a Gold's Gym Elite but just another run down aging gym, with staff that treat members as if they aren't equals, let alone paying customers every month.  These concern's have been brought up with the various General Managers and their comments are: "Well, you'll have to talk with corporate and they only use email", "That isn't my job", "We can't do anything about that", "Bring your own shower towel", "We'll see what we can do", "I'll tell Corporate the next time I talk with them", and many other brush off comments that demonstrate why they are no longer there.  All in all, this place lack's Class (showing excellence), contrary to the "Elite" title. Specifically; The staff come across as deceptive and phony; The staff is no longer courteous and they respond to member concerns passive-aggressively; The staff, especially the trainers and sales representatives, don't treat members the way the want to be treated as they are insulting, gossiping, and slandering when members aren't around (Phoenix is a small town); The staff lacks creativity and careful observation and exceed in lethargic social skills; The facility is falling apart and the drug addicts and ex-convicts hanging out in the locker rooms and saunas are making good paying members regret their decisions to attend.Attending the gym six days a week, at varying times, opens one's eyes.  I hope that the last year of my Two Year Contract is much better than the first.
2	I have been a member at this gym since Summer, 2011.  Since I am not a fan of crowds and enjoy a quick workout on my lunch hour, I was very excited to join this gym that is only a block away from my office.  I must say that during the first six months, I was impressed by the gym.  The class sizes were small and I could easily get in, get a good workout and then leave.  I even liked it so much, I got my husband and two co-workers to join as well.  Imagine my surprise when the marketing of the gym went from "Elite and Expensive pricing" to "Affordable Fitness for everyone."  The gym is now packed during the lunch hour.  I now have to get to classes early before they fill up and the locker room is too full for comfort (there are lines at the shower).  Additionally, they are offering month-to-month, no contract memberships for only $20/month.  I am paying a lot more plus maintenance fees and had to sign a two year contract!  Here is where it gets interesting.  I have talked to two different individuals that work at Gold's regarding my displeasure with the crowds and furthermore the fact that I pay a ton more than that girl next to me, who is in my workout class, with a towel, and most likely getting their parking validated.  Gold's does not seem to monitor what membership "extras" one pays for so while the $20/month contract only covers certain things (but stipulates no towels, parking, or classes), I was told by a Gold's employee that they do not monitor it anyway.  I feel really ripped off!  I was offered as an "accommodation" for a special conversion fee of $99, the ability to switch to another plan.  So now, I get to pay even more money to this gym that has ripped me off!  Very frustrating. I tried to bring this up to the General Manager and he never returned my phone call.   I feel that the gym that I became a member at (and signed a contract for) is no longer the "elite" gym that it once was when I joined and even the marketing concept is different.  So, now that they are getting more people in the door (I do understand it is a business and they need to make money), they are doing so at the cost of their contract-signing members who believed in them enough to sign onto the original concept.  The least they could do is offer the same rate to the original members at no conversion fee.  Let's face it, the fee is just tacky!
1	just called this golds to adjust my membership fee; im currently payoing $50 a month, and am out of contract. so i want to adjust my cost to the new price of $20. However, you can only do that in person, from 3-4pm, monday through friday with the GM! WTF?!?!?! when i asked what happens when someone works 8-5, and cant get there, the answer was "you'll have to take that up with the GM". really? after 3 years with you, this is how it is? seriously? freaking joke. sucks too because the staff is freindly and the gym is great but I also go to the one in Tukee, and will give them my business over down town. i guess when you know you have a monopoly in the down town gym arena, you can strong arm people that are willing to take it. F this golds and their "ELITE'ist" 'tude. turds. dueces bitches.
4	Just started here about 2 weeks ago and have loved it. Everyone has been very nice, the place is modern and very clean. I have never had a problem getting on a machine, and I have gone during various times in the day and evening. They provide soap, shampoo, lotion, razors, q-tips, deodorant , and hair dryers.
1	One year ago, I would have rated the place a four out of five.  Since that time, the staff has gone straight to crap.  Front desk girls are typically either rude or indifferent and some of the trainers are jerks.  Also, as another individual mentioned, the towels they switched to are cheap and wouldn't dry off a 90 pound female.  The showers and men's locker room have always been relatively gross, so that hasn't gotten worse over the last 12 months, but it hasn't gotten better either.  After they went to the 19.99/month plan (around the first of the year), they completely oversold their membership.  So, not only is it impossible to maneuver the locker room, it is also now impossible to manuever the weight room.  Not to mention, if you plan on incorporating bench work or squats into your workout, you can count on waiting for a bench or the SINGLE squat rack.Lastly, the clientele of this gym is weak.  I've never seen so many fake hardos in my life.  Guys wearing sunglasses while they work out, etc., etc.Anyway, the last straw was today when I had to wait for a locker to open up.  You must be kidding me, Gold's Gym.  Cancelled this afternoon and will be taking my money to Lifetime.
3	I just started working out, here, so I can't say I have too much to go on, just yet. I got their platinum deal for I think about $40 a month or so (which, since they charge every two weeks, ends up being more..I'm not a fan of shady business procedures, but since this is an obvious one, I just accept the $3 extra a month I pay). They also charge you $40 or $50 once a year to keep your price, which is ridiculous. So...I'm paying about $46 a month. That was the first reason they don't get 5 stars. I think the gym is generally very clean. The staff has always been very nice to me (at least the front desk people...the trainers couldn't care less about your presence, which isn't a great sales tactic if you ask me...). But, to reiterate, the two front desk girls that I typically see are very nice. The girl who signed me up with the tattoos and the African American girl I generally see on weekday mornings. The second girl is so nice and peppy, it just is kind of refreshing. Some issues...the sound for the TV on some of the machines is AWFUL. I end up having to read the news (and, um, reality shows...) on the TV. This is really annoying and maybe they can fix this. Also, it's a rather small gym and their class schedule times are limited. If I don't go at 6a, my next option is at 11a? What happened to 8 or 9? You literally have to be a crazy morning person or someone who works the night shift? No mid-shifters allowed!Other than that, I kind of wish I had someone to start me out with how to use the machines like they do at LA Fitness. I have no idea how to work my abs, and it'd be nice if a personal trainer just helped me out for one day. Heck, I might even buy some training days! Again, poor marketing...Overall, I like the cleanliness and the politeness of the staff the most. I could use some help with the machines, though. Kind of the whole purpose of going, really...
1	Things have gone from bad to worse at this gym.  Several cardio machines are against a huge window, and are impossible to use in the afternoon due to the searing sun.  Windowshade anyone?  The locker room situation is deplorable - they built a gym with a handful of available lockers.  Needless to say, at prime time there is not a locker in sight.  Yet they continue to sell memberships and bring in more people...I would not recommend that anyone join this gym - too expensive for a place with no basketball court, no racquetball courts, and limited weight machines.
3	Hi there,.- Gold's Cityscape did cut the monthly rate in half from $39.99 to $19.99 a month.- They extended the parking from 2-hours to 3-hours in the parking garage, plus has all shade parking underground vs, your car baking in the hot sun in the summer months -They extended the M-F hours from 10 pm to Midnight!  (Still 8 pm though Sat & Sun).I still like Gold's over 'Ghetto' Fitness any day!! ...I hated that place so much!  ...It's so funny because in LA (where I used to live), ALL the Gays would work out at Gold's!...It was literally like 90% Gay, and I just thought it would be so cool to make THIS Gold's 'gay-leaning', too... Plus, Gold's is well-established, known worldwide & it has been around for 40 years vs. some local gym in a strip mall.People that live in big cities like LA, SF, or NYC...Gold's Cityscape would not be an issue..It is very big-city-like. Not sure why people feel this place is small...It is not, it's just the right size. It has everything I want in it. Gold's is a great gym and I highly recommend it.  :)...just wanted to put my 2 cents in, lol...Thanks for listening. :)
2	My first week at Gold's has been a bit of a clusterfuck. The staff seems to have no idea what is going on and can't tell you simple things like where a class is or how much a membership costs. The gym is nice, the staff just needs to get their act together.  I will continue to come here despite my bad first, second, third and fourth impressions and will update the review if the staff gets their act together!
2	The gym is nice and clean, everything looks new but its not worth the price.  I've been a member at several golds gyms and this is by far the smallest and most limited I've been to yet; and the most expensive, i am already canceling my membership.There is a serious lack of space or options when it comes to free weights.  Most of the plates end up stacked on the sides of machines, so you need to work around others to get the weights off.  Why not just a simple plate tree?  There is good area for doing squats or deadlifts.  Few if any leg machines.Most of the floor is filled with all sorts of cardio and nautilus styles machines.  The trainers like to occupy benchs when their trainee is on a different machine.  Bottomline: if you are looking for a place to be seen, go here.  If you want to workout, find some where else.
1	Stay away unless you like huge crowds and hidden fees. They say their membership is $19 something a month, billed bi weekly (so $9.97) every two weeks. This is a good deal, but what they don't say is that you are billed an extra $40.00 a year for a rate guarantee fee. Plus since they've drastically lowered their prices the place is crowded all the time. Not worth the hassle or the hidden fees.
1	Heads up!! Please ANYONE looking for a sales position in fitness that has EXPERIENCE do not waste your time. The GM Blaine Washington fields all of his calls and WILL NOT speak to you or return any of your emails.  THIS is not a place where you would want to waste your time at ...VERY UNPROFESSIONAL...can you imagine how much business this GM is turning away?? ...I had over 20 coworkers from my previous sales job thinking of following me to this gym...DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME, as Mr. Washington has NO TIME FOR good qualified sales people...
1	I forgot my bike lock and Gold's refused to let me park it in their large, empty lobby (despite the fact I have seen bikes parked there before).  The manager blamed it on GM, and when I asked to speak the GM of course he was "busy."I know customer service is supposed to be awful at gyms, but Gold's really goes out of their way to be extra unhelpful.(*kudos to the young kid who they had folding towels that offered to watch my bike unlocked outside - very kind offer, but I didn't want to put a personal burden on him)
3	Very clean, with great equipment. Very crowded though. If you want to go anytime between 4pm and close forget about it.
2	It's a trainer's world, and you're just living in it. The people here, with the exception of what're beginning to feel like very fake receptionists, are completely rude. It's their space, and they want you to know it. Some girl even fell when she stepped onto a treadmill that was poorly blocked off and going FULL SPEED. And then SHE was more apologetic than the trainer. It's their responsibility to keep people safe, and they FAILED.Not only that, but good lord, I'm sorry I don't walk as fast as you. Do you REALLY need to creep up behind me and be so obviously waiting for me to move? So sorry to be in your precious little way, trainer. Because I'm obviously always in some trainer's way, whether I'm on a bike, trying to use a treadmill, walking up the stairs or just walking through the dang door. They're like the cool kids in school that just need to feel honored. Please, you're just a trainer and it's a business, get over yourself! In fact, if you want to make more money, be a little nice. Maybe I'd actually buy some trainings. And after talking to some people, I found out that I'm not the only one. But certainly not with this obvious pretension in this wanna-be high school situation. I bet they have cliques amongst their staff.Beyond the awful staff, machines are always breaking. Unlike LA Fitness, they didn't even give me a complimentary training to show me how to use the machines. If you're there close to their closing time, they start pushing you to leave well before their closing time (music is turned off about 10 minutes prior to closing). Also, don't sit near a cleaning person, because you just might get sprayed!! There's so much more to say about this gym, it's tough to get it all in one comment.The only reasons I continue to go are location and hours.
5	I think that most of the negative reviews I've read about this Gold's gym really stem from people's own insecurities. I have been going here almost 2 months now and have never had a single issue with the gym or ANY of its staff or members! I find the staff to be extremely friendly and helpful, and I was even offered a free personal training session when I signed up to help me get on the right track to meeting my fitness goals! I read one review about some poor girl stepping onto a treadmill that was going full speed and falling off... who does that?? Did she not see the treadmill going FULL SPEED? Don't blame lack of common sense on the gym or its staff...Another review complained that there are too many gay men hanging out in the locker room. REALLY? As a straight male, I can say that I've never felt uncomfortable, and have never been solicited for sex in the locker room. Get over yourself and your homophobia dude. Some yelpers truly disgust me....Great location in a beautiful new area, convenient hours, tons of parking, a BEAUTIFUL state of the art facility.... what is there to complain about?? Show up, work out hard, and go home feeling better about yourself... that's what gyms are for!!
1	Here is a letter I just wrote to their management.  Am cc'ing the better business bureau.  I am completely shocked and flabbergasted.  NEVER GO TO THIS GYM. THEY ARE RUNNING A SCAM.  (NOTE the 3 aliases within membership services).========Dear Trent,We spoke earlier today.I am writing in regards to the bait and switch discussion I had with Kaden, one of the employees at Phoenix Gold's, on Sun July 29th.I had come in to test out the gym with my fiance and Kaden gave us the dog and pony show.  He said that if we had joined that day - because you were running some promotions - we were able to join at the $17.50 rate every 2 weeks.  Further, Kaden said (nearly 5-6 times in our conversation) that if I was not satisfied with the gym then I could cancel by August 10th.  I questioned him several times on that date (with my fiance as a witness) and Kaden repeatedly affirmed that we had until the 10th.I was amenable to joining at the "Platinum" membership because I travel a lot for my work (Kaden had mentioned the membership would apply to ANY Gold's Gym WORLDWIDE).  Since I had to be in Seattle for work from Aug. 5-8th I thought it would be a good idea (there is a Gold's right next to my hotel in Seattle).Regardless, I went to the Gold's in both Phoenix and Seattle.  After returning, I decided that Gold's was not for me (for many reasons: the clientele, the facilities - I olympic lift and was getting complaints in the Phoenix gym, etc etc).  Anyways, because of Kaden's guidance, I called the membership services number (800.693.3948) to cancel my membership.  After being on hold for 55 MINUTES and 5 SECONDS (yes I had the timer on) I was informed that I could cancel (THANK GOODNESS) but because I was passed the "5 day mark" post signing up for a membership, the phone conversation counted as my 31 day notice and I would have to pay $17.50 twice prior to canceling.I was completely shocked.  Confused. Angered. I asked Elaine in the call center, "So I was lied to by Kaden?  You hire people who lie?"  We went back and forth for a while and I asked to be transferred to her boss, Manju and left her a message.  Elaine informed me that I should call you all and inform you of Kaden's misconduct.BTW: my cancellation confirmation # is 1507991.I did call and talk with you, Trent.  And you asked that I submit my complaint online - that you would then escalate to a district manager and disciplinary action would occur with Kaden.  I am upset.  Very upset.  For many reasons.I do not go into a gym to be lied to. It is unexpected and disgusting and poor business practice.  It will get you no where.  I cannot believe your "membership services" kept me on hold for 55 minutes.  It is absolutely disrespectful.  And again, poor business practice.  Most surprising, when I queried Elaine (the call center employee) who she works for she said "checkfree". Yet while on hold for nearly 1 hour, I was encouraged to email "fiserv".  Come to find out there is ANOTHER company, aphelion, as well.   Then I realized why you might encourage your employees to lie.  3 different aliases + the Gold's umbrella...you are running some sort of a scam!  Is it a cover up?  Why would you employ liars?  What are you hiding?I am disgusted and angered.  Please remove liars from your multi-named scam of a business.Words cannot express my disgust.Thank you.Seema
1	If I could give a 0 star rating i would. They were supposedly running a 19.95 per month, no contract special. Ok, decided to try it. Well, what they don't tell you is that for the lower rate, you also have to pay a yearly fee of 50 bucks to "secure" the lower rate. Really? So that rate really isn't 19.95, it's 24.95. Then you find out that they bill you every two weeks and then it's really 25.72 per month. Ok, not a big deal, but a serious bait and switch. To top all this off, my CC was stolen and I had to cancel my card and then they want to charge me 75 for the pleasure of them recharging another credit card! So, not only was I victimized by a CC thief, the billing dept also tried to victimize me as well! I couldn't believe this and cancelled right away. I have gotten much better service at the YMCA with better equipment. don't believe the rates that they advertise. It's a lie. Stay away, there are better gyms out there.
3	"$20 a month. No Gimmicks, no contracts." Great. Where do I sign up? "Oh yeah, there is a $49 sign up fee." Ok. That's pretty standard for a gym. "Ooooh, I forgot, there is a $39 annual fee." Hmmm, ok, I'll still sign up (swipes card). Where do I register for the spinning class? "About that, you don't have access to the group classes unless you upgrade your membership." GODDAMUSOMUCH You didn't tell me that before I paid.(EDIT) Upgraded to three stars for reaching out and making it right. Thank you.
5	So I signed up with this gym about 4 months ago, my sales person's name was Kyle.  Wow he was great!  Right from the moment I had to fill out the forms he was polite and professioanl.  He answered all my questions and didn't try to "sell" me on the gym.  Let's be honest, there are lots of gyms to choose from, LA Fit, Lifetime, etc etc and they all offer pretty similar perks.  Gold's certainly stands out and Kyle and his manager, I think his name is Blaine, pointed out what stands them apart from the competition.  A movie theatre I do my cardio in, amazing instructors in the classes, especially spin, towel service, a free body fat assesment from the trainers.  I was just really surprised at all the extra.  Needless to say I go about 5 times a week and I have yet to have any issues after 4 months.  I think they ran out of towels once and Kyle said as soon as fresh ones came out of the dryer he would find me upstairs and bring me a towel.  The staff is friendly, the gym is clean, the price is fair.Good job Gold's!
4	I have no idea what everyone is talking about with this gym and contracts and being lied to?  I had no problem when I signed up.  It was very clear what the options where, and what the $20 a month got you.  Yeah the $20 a month is a gimmick it gets people through the door and then they sell you on a better membership.   If you can't figure that one on your own . .  .  . Sorry.   Second of all if you are too lazy to walk your butt to the gym and ask about memberships or change your membership, I have a feeling you aren't going to the gym anyway? =)  Probably not that dedicated to fitness.  So here is the deal with this place; the $20 membership is crap you can't do that one because you can't get your parking validated (that is what the one girl was complaining about) she got the cheap one ($20 a month) and was probably getting her parking validated for awhile before they figured it out.  The $20 a month membership doesn't include anything except the gym itself.  No perks.  No free towels, no parking, no classes, etc.  If you upgrade and get the $35 a month (that's what I pay).  You get unlimited classes, parking, tanning, towel service, can bring a friend for free every time you work out, etc.  All those people complaining about parking, classes etc got the cheap $20 membership.  They have a huge movie room that shows movies around the clock, its super cool and I go every day at 4:15-5:30PM and it's not crowed at all!  However after 5:30pm it did get busy.  Yes they gym has diversity in its cliental that frequent the place.  However I don't see how that should matter?I love it, I bring my husband on the weekends and we just watch movies and work out together.  I bring my girlfriends during the week to work out with me.  We both get our parking validated, get free towels, can tan for free, watch movies, go to classes.  I think for $35 a month that is a steal (and no I didn't pay a sign up fee, but there is an annual fee).  The staff has all been nice, and my free training session I was given went really well too.  Jeff the trainer taught me some cool lifts/moves that I am still using.  The gym is in a great location and when there are events going on in downtown Phoenix I use my free 3 hour validation from my gym.  I also belong to LA fitness and I think Gold's  gym is way nicer.  I pay $25 a month at LA fitness but I can't ever bring friends for free and no movie room.   The only reason why I still have LA is that it is 1 min from my house, while Gold's is 20 min (but is close to my work).  So I would very much recommend this gym, but I am not offended if you don't join that way I can always find a treadmill when I watch my movies, ha haThis place only gets 4 stars though because no pool and it is a smaller gym.
1	You know, I really wish Gold's Gym staff would stop harassing me with messages here...read my review for why I left. I will never, ever go to a Gold's Gym again.
4	It's a good gym. The staff is nothing but nice to me and my guests. They remember my name and I would recommend the gym to anyone. I also like that the showers have doors that lock as opposed to curtains. I would agree with some of the other reviews in regards to the 40 dollar (price guarantee) B.S. Fee. That explains the 4 over 5 star review.
4	Great staff.. clean equipment... and the locker rooms are clean..
5	I love this Golds Gym. It's clean, has great equipment, and a good location.The members at nice and the staff is friendly.
3	Popped in here while on a business trip - I am a member of a different Golds Gym.  Very clean and nice - just like you would expect from a Gold's Gym.  Was very crowded during the week at 5:30AM.  The treadmills were upstairs in the main workout area.  Some of them were broken - oh well it happens.  I had my run and had to hunt for the cleaner - there was just one for an entire bank of treadmills (not enough for every paper towel station).The classroom is located downstairs and was having a class while I was there.  I would definitely come here again.
4	Convenient and not a bad place to workout.  Located downtown right off the light rail.  Just be careful what you sign up for, i.e. fees, etc...It can get crowded during rush hours in the morning and evenings.  Plenty of treadmills, bicycles, and even a movie cinema place to watch a movie while doing cardio.The locker rooms are nice with complimentary shavers, q-tips, etc...  The one gripe that I do have is in regards to the free weight area.It seems as if they could get more out of the area if they expanded the free weight area southward to allow for more space.  It can get extremely crowded around the bench area, squat racks, dumb bells and benches.Part of this is attributed to the fact that they have put up a mirror that runs the length of the dumb bell racks.  This causes people that want to watch themselves workout in the mirror to bunch up and create congestion.  I think they should either expand the mirror so that it covers the whole window, or expand the free weight section to help alleviate the clutter.There is plenty of room elsewhere outside of the free weight section though, and they could do for another water fountain on the west side.  Aesthetic gripes aside, this is a good gym to go to.
5	I love this Gold's, always clean and never too packed. People don't stare and hang out like they do at LA fitness. Personal trainers know what they are doing (Matt R.) Staff is always friendly. Get the $40 membership it is worth the parking and towel service!
2	The staff is friendly enough, and the facilities are nice.  The pricing and hidden fees are just like any other gym that I've been with.  I got the new year "Cancel Anytime" membership, and was uninformed until contract signing that it would be an additional $50 every 3 months to keep the $20 a month rate.  So basically, I was paying for a full membership anyway when you work out the math.After taking a small break to get some work done, I tried going back again and was informed that since I only had a basic membership, I was not eligible for towel service.  If I wanted to get a towel, it would be $1 per day.  Since I had no problem with towels in the beginning of my membership, I decided that it was time to part ways.The "Cancel Anytime" did not mention that it would take 31 days to complete, as well as continue to drain money from me as I will not be using the gym at all during this time.  Here is a copy of what I was given in an email (I took out the phone numbers):Thank you for your email requesting to cancel your Membership and/or Personal Training with Gold's Gym.  Below are the guidelines for cancelling:                                                                  Month to Month Members:o   31 day notice is requiredo   One final payment may be required based upon the date of your cancellation request and your next billing cycleo   All past due balances must be paid before cancellation can be processedo   If your final payment is returned insufficient, Gold's Gym has the right to deem your cancellation as void         In Term Cancellations:o   Memberships can only be cancelled for the following reasons:  Military - Please fax a copy of Active Duty Orders stating members name to ###-###-#### (please include member number)  Move - New address must not be within 25 miles of an affiliated Gold's Gym. Proof of Move will be necessary. Please fax copy of lease agreement with members name or utility bill in members name (water, gas, electricity or land line) with new address to ###-###-#### (please include member number)  Medical - Please fax letter from doctor stating members name and permanent disability to ###-###-####  (include member number)o   31 day notice is requiredo   If you are cancelling within the first half of your contract a$100 cancellation fee will be assessed ($250 for PT accts)o   If you are cancelling within the second half of your contract a $50 cancellation fee will be assessed  ($150 for PT accts)o   One final payment may be required based upon the date of your cancellation request and your next billing cycleo   All past due balances must be paid before cancellation can be processedo   If your final payment is returned insufficient, Gold's Gym has the right to deem your cancellation as void         End of Term Cancellations:o   31 day notice is requiredo   If you are cancelling at the end of your contract term, you will continue to be billed monthly until your final installment payment has been made. At that time, your membership will automatically cancel.o   If your final payment is returned for insufficient and/or there is a past due balance on the account, Gold's Gym has the right to deem your cancellation void and your membership will continue to bill on month to month term.We will review all requests and provide a response within 3 business days of your request. Please note that a delay in receiving any of the information required, will also cause a delay in processing your request.
1	Terrible billing/contracts, nice facility. Would not recommend. Costs much more than your contract states.So they have rather painful contracts that are fulfilled with a third party called FiServ. I had an issue with my card being shut off by my bank because of fraud. Rather than informing me that my card had expired, I was immediately charged a $25 late fee. No call, no email, no nothing. If you forget to update your card info (or in my case, find out when my card got shut off), you get a $25 fee.It took the front desk weeks to inform me of the issue and once they did,  they had no intention of helping me. Instead, they handed me a card with a phone number on it to call. M-F 9-5.It gets better! It happened again! This time, when my card was replaced,  I went in and gave them the new credit card number on the same day. According to my contract, I was supposed to inform them of any changes in my credit card number 30 days in advance. I have no idea how I could do that when I am being billed twice a month.When I called to complain, I was treated like I was committing fraud. "Please have your bank send you a letter stating that there was fraud on your account to have the charges removed."TLDR; Their behind the scenes customer service is atrocious. You are likely to have a billing issue at some point, and when you get charged a fee, they will act as though it was their right to take it from you.
4	The corporate rate I scored on the Platinum package is amazing! It includes parking, access to all locations, all classes, tanning,  unlimited bring a guest/workout buddy, towels, and 20% of clothing for less than $18 a month with no enrollment fee (w/annual free). That is over 50% lower than what I was quoted when they first opened. I'm glad the fees have been adjusted to my benefit.   This allows me to steal away during my lunch hour and get in one of the core classes or complete a circuit session. I can almost do three tri pull-ups without the raiser...baby steps. The facility itself is very nice, machines are all operable, plenty of help from staff and trainer consulting. My favorite feature is the cardio cinema. Burn major cals while watching an action movie, that time goes by so fast. I've not tried the tanning capsule but I plan on being rotisserie golden brown by Independence Day.  My only minor complaint is with the lockers. There are no hooks and or shelves in the lockers leaving me to pile all belongings at the bottom and makes for a quick change into and out of my work out gear a pain. Since joining,  I've referred 4 of my colleagues for the same rate and this should secure me at least four years of  waived annual fees. I'll be asking.
2	Typical contract shenanigans, like buying a used car, maybe worse. Machines have stayed unrepaired for months. Staff come and go like a there's a revolving door behind the desk. Movie cardio room seems good at first, until you watch Bruce Almighty for the umpteenth time. When the movie needs restarted, you interrupt your workout, walk downstairs, ask the newest worker checking people in to restart when they aren't busy, and go back up to the cardio room -- or you watch the preview loop until a salesperson walks in for the 3rd time and does't want to get called out on his last 2 broken promises to get someone to start it. The Y was worse. Next.
1	This gym is run extremely poorly. The movie studio or "cinema" is down for maintenance a lot, there are rarely early morning classes, and when issues arise there is no one there to help. Yesterday I showered after my workout and came out to find one single and very broken hair dryer. I called the front desk and was told they are aware of the issue and that the GM would be buying some for Monday morning. There was no signage, no one informed me at the front desk, and I was only made aware of the situation once my hair was sopping wet with no chance to rush home before work. The working manager Stacy showed up 10 minutes later with 2 more broken hair dryers asking if I was the one looking for a hair dryer (duh-doy) One didn't work if you moved it and the other only worked by plugging it in (on/ off switch broken) and only on low/cold (power level/ heat broken) I was very upset (and now late for work) and scheduled an appointment with her to speak to the gm Monday morning at 8 am when he arrived. I get here and check in to speak with him just to find out he won't be in until 9. I was then informed I could email him.. No offer to have him call me in regards to our missed appointment. Head to the ladies locker room after my workout.. Still no hair dryers. Good thing I learned my lesson and brought my own this time! Then I am venting to a friend that also uses the facility and find out he is able to use the same locker room, is able to attend classes, and gets his parking validated for $20 per month.. I pay $40 and was told you cannot have parking validated, attend classes, or use the locker rooms without the platinum membership. I have noticed the classes are often full and everyone seems to take advantage of the services I pay more for.. Simply because they don't check/ it is poorly run/ monitored. Either pay the $20 and use everything freely or for $40 a month do yourself a favor and go to Mountainside across the street at Chase Field for $38... Follow up: the manager didn't even apologize for missing our meeting and instead emailed me a very condescending email I am happily going to post for you :)A few things I did enjoy during my year + with this gym: It has a great panoramic view of the city aka I get to watch people drinking and enjoying themselves at Copper Blues and Blue Hound while I slave away on the cycling machine.. The breakfast club is outside for post work out smoothies or coffee, and lastly, they offer razors, hairspray, and deodorant in the locker rooms, but as you can see in the GM's email you should not hold your breath for them to keep their "courtesy" items in stock just because you are paying for an "elite" gym..Say what? That's exactly what I expect, bro.
2	Why is this place so DIRTY?!  I have been a member for 9 months and have not once seen anyone cleaning in this gym(other than the members)  Not even the employees!  I've come at random times during the week and weekend.  NEVER.  At other Gyms I had memberships at, they had a dedicated employee wiping the machines and cleaning the floors 24/7.  They were also half the price.  At Gold's you see dust bunnies all over the place, the machines have spit and sweat splattered all over them and at least every few weeks the sewage backs up in this building.  Have you ever tried to concentrate and work out while deeply breathing in human sewage smell?  Not pleasant.  Lastly, half the televisions on the cardio equipment either don't have cable, no picture, or is complete static.  Its unfortunate because this gym is in a great location, gets a lot of traffic and has so much to offer.  It's just lacking in the most basic of areas when it comes to sanitation.  Especially for it being an "Elite" facility.  I'm still debating whether I will keep my membership here or switch to the brand new Mountain Side fitness facility in the US Airways center across the street.  On a positive note, the gal that works the early morning hours during the week, SOO friendly!  She always has a smile when you walk in the door and wishes you a good day when leaving.
1	I was turned away. I got a flyer in the mail and figured I check the gym out. I'm currently a member at 24hr, but this gold's gym is closer to my house.  When I got to the front desk, I asked if I can try out the gym, perhaps do a week pass. She informed me that I have to go online to print one out. Given that I'm already physically there, I asked her, "so you want me to go home and print out a pass? Isn't there something you can do?" At which point she shrugged and said that, well that's how it's done.  I then asked if I can talk to a sales guy. She looks over and saw that both guys had customers, and said, well they're both busy. And rather than trying get my info, or possibly asked me to hold while she checks on the sales guys availability, she lets me walk. This might be the first gym I've ever been to where they actually don't bother getting your info to call you every day. As good as that is, my trip to check out the gym was quite a waste. Perhaps they need to better train their staff. I got back in my car and drove to 24hr after. The front desk girl smile and greeted me. I'm content with the extra driving.
1	THIS PLACE IS ONE HUGE SCAMI am so unbelievably disappointed with my experience here. It has been nothing but a huge nightmare.They have made empty promises to me over and over from day one.If you care to read on as to WHY this was such a horrible experience, here is my email to the gym's manager, Brian:Hi Brian,I have been having a complete nightmare of an experience with your gym as of late. I spoke with Stacy today and she told me that it would be best to come down and meet with you on Monday or Tuesday and that I should let you know what is going on.Back in June I came into Gold's Gym and was interested in a membership. Danny was the one helping me out and telling me what memberships were available. I explained to him that I was under a pretty strict budget and would definitely not be able to commit to a year long contract as there was a good chance I'd be moving. So, he told me that what he "could do for me" was that as long as my first 2 payments (so my first month) went through no problem (which it did) that my contract would turn into a month to month contract. He took my credit card info and THEN proceeded to tell me the "rules of the gym" one of which included a "rate lock-in fee". I immediately said there was no way I was going to agree to this and that it was NOT okay that he brought this up AFTER taking my credit card info. I told him it was a deal breaker and I was ready to walk out. He then said he would be able to waive that fee for me no problem if I would sign up. He then said he would get in contact with corporate and get the whole month to month thing taken care of and then he would send me some sort of confirmation email regarding this. I never received one. I suppose this was the first sign that it was a lie. Come August, I receive word that the owner of the home I was renting was selling it so we were being forced to move. So in September I called in to cancel my membership. I was told that I would need to call corporate but they told me I was still in a 12 month contract and would need to speak with the salesman that set me up. I finally get a hold of Danny and he appears to remember me and says it will be no problem to get my membership cancelled. Even though I'm pretty angry that he had lied to me, I was happy that it was (supposedly) going to get taken care of. Then in October I see that my account was charged $51.47 and am pretty outraged that this large amount got deducted when (I thought) my account was cancelled. I called to speak with Danny and he explains to me that this was the "rate lock-in fee" that he had told me he was going to waive!! Not only this, but had he cancelled my account when he said he would, I never would have gotten this charge in the first place! So I've been speaking with Danny almost every day, hearing his promise of getting my money refunded (the portion that does not include my last 2 weeks payment) over and over and over. He said it would ABSOLUTELY be in my account today at 9am. Of course, it was not. Again. And THEN, when speaking with Stacy today, I find out that my account is still open. WHAT?!Brian, there are so, so many problems with what is going on here. I am not sure if this is one huge lie or simply incompetence. I have never, ever had a worse experience with a gym than this. In fact, I have never had a worse experience with any company. In speaking with Danny, he does not at all deny the fact that he made these promises. If he tells you otherwise, perhaps you can refer to phone call recordings and hear how many times he says he is "not sure what happened" and has assured me that everything "would be taken care of". This man remembers every single person's name in the gym and I guarantee that he remembers these false promises he made me. I am not pleased that I will have to drive from Tempe to downtown Phoenix in rush hour traffic immediately after work but if that is what I need to do to get this taken care of, I will. Stacy mentioned that you were sick so please let me know what day will work for you to meet. I will be off work by 5 so I will probably be able to get there by 5:45 or 6pm on Monday or Tuesday.Thank you.
1	SCAM!!!Their payment system is a scam. Do not sign anything! Not only the gym itself is probably the worst gym in Phoenix, but also they charge you hidden fees and charge you for 13 months a year.They lost my credit card information and send my account to collections instead of correcting their own mistake. $40 bill went up to $300. When I told them it was their mistake, they got rude and told me they didn't care anymore and that I have to deal with the collection agency.
1	(My original review is posted below)At this point in time, I still have not gotten my money and I am still being charged by Gold's Gym, will be sent to collections, but I do not have an account with Gold's, thus even though I would pay, I would not be able to GO to their gym. WTF?!!?! Read on if you are curious...I have been dealing with Gold's Gym at least 3 times a week.. at certain points it was every single day...since I found out they didn't actually cancel my account.I was reimbursed for the $50 they charged me as a "rate guarantee fee" that the sales man agreed to wave (which obviously was a huge lie). Then my account was charged AGAIN after I was told my account was cancelled (for probably the 6th time). The salesman asked me to come down and pick up the cash again but I had just been there 2 days prior and it is not at all a quick commute. I asked him to mail it, provided my new address, and he repeated it to me. A week or more goes by and I have no gotten it. Turns out he sent it to the wrong apartment number. He apologizes and says he will send it out ASAP. Then another 2 or so weeks goes by and I'm furious and it turns out he sent it to the completely wrong address. My OLD address from where I moved AWAY from (the reason I wanted to cancel in the first place!). Then I call him, give him my address AGAIN and have him repeat it to me. This was about a week ago and I still have not gotten the money.Today I get a call from their outside billing company and they tell me that I am still in their account (despite Gold's Gym telling me that they have completely taken me out) and they are planning on sending me to collections if I don't pay what is overdue as well as a cancellation fee if I still want to cancel).So... Gold's wants me to pay them for a gym membership that I cannot even use. And they want me to continue to pay for this for another 9 months. How do these people sleep at night?
4	While Golds and health club chains in general are notorious for questionable business practices  and  contract shenanigans, having been a member at this gym for just over 1 year, my experience has thus far been overwhelmingly positive.  By the same marketing magic that makes a Starbucks small a "Tall", this is a Gold's "Elite", which means it's smaller and does not have as much stuff as a regular Golds gym.  To the apparent shock surprise and bitter bitter disappointment of some  it does not have squash, racquetball or basketball court, swimming pool, running track, velodrome, steeplechase or polo, but if you have a full price membership they will validate if you park your pony in the garage.  they do however have everything you need to work out if not every thing imaginable in a great location right at the heart of downtown and just off the light rail at CityScape.My experience with the staff and management over the past year has been nothing but pleasant and professional.  My compliments to the front desk staff that greets me  pleasantly on entry and exit, and who went  beyond  the minimum in scrounging up a clean  work out T-shirt for me on an absent-minded day when I forgot mine.  Additional praise for the personal trainer staff, comparatively affordable training rates, and especially trainer  Geoff, a genuinely  knowledgeable trainer who has demonstrated nothing but patience and perseverance in dealing with my infirmities, and who has not yet broken off any body parts.  Now back to the gym in general,  the polished concrete floors and the work out areas are consistently spotlessly clean. The men's locker room, not so much, at least not consistently, for the entire past year.  Apparently a fair number of men are pigs who cant be bothered to pick up their own towels and leave them soaking wet on the shower floors both  in the individual stalls and common area where they may lay for quite a while  as cleaning staff is not on duty during all gym hours. Additionally, the common area between the shower stalls just doesn't seem to drain as completely as it should.  We call this the bacterial pool. Shower shoes recommended. It's also slick as glass when wet.  We call that "liability hazard".  Otherwise,  however, the locker room is well laid out, attractive, and  has plenty of bench seating.  The two mens toilets have consistently been clean and well-maintained, and the counter area  always stocked with soap and paper towels, and nearly always stocked with disposable razors, ear swabs, shaving cream, and deodorant.  All in all, in my experience a great 5 star urban location,, 4 stars for the staff of which I am a fan,  5 stars for my personal personal training experience with Geoff as money well-spent, and two stars for that shower area cleanliness.  I've definitely seen better.   It may not have everything every person could want, but it has everything you need, and more, but if you have a dispute with the contract management company, my sympathies!
4	I have been a member for just under one year now, and I have really zero complaints. I'm not sure what all the griping about the actual gym is about. There have definitely been times when you wait for machines or a bench, but if you go during rush hour you need to expect that. I have also not had any issues with my actual membership fees or contract. All of the staff has been exceedingly nice.The machines and other equipment are new and up to date and are seldom under repair. Most of the other members are respectful and there aren't any douche baggy meathead types. I have not taken them up on personal training, but I have overheard sessions in progress and all of them seem to be respectful and motivating. I guess my one complaint, which isn't about the gym itself, is with some of the people who workout there. The benches are not meant for your personal belongings while you go and use some other machine or bench. Also, I use my cellphone in there, but for the love of all things holy, don't sit on a machine and text away while other people are actually trying to get in a workout. End rant.Bottom line I have had a great experience and would recommend this gym to anyone.
5	Used this gym while staying at the Palomar Hotel and was pleasantly surprised. Coming from Manhattan, the facility was reminiscent of the Soho Equinox. It was also not very crowded for a Saturday morning. If I lived or worked in the area, I'd definitely make this my home gym. Treadmills have a great view of the cityscape shopping area, the classrooms are large and open, and there's even a cardio cinema room!
4	Been a member for the last 3 months and have ran into 0 issues. 25 a month for me and my girlfriend is a steal and you'll prob spend way more at any other gym. Its location isnt bad as I thought it would be and have no issues parking  unless its a event.  Its a elite gym so you dont get the basketball court etc but If you are looking for a place to lift , cardio and the basics its perfect.
2	This gym is ok. I don't like that the cleaning people always seem to be in my way and yet nothing seems clean. The women's locker room is always disgusting. The gym itself seems to be a bit small and stuffy in my opinion. I wish it was a little wider and had more open space instead of all the cluttering of machines and equipment. The front desk girls seem to be clueless and are not the happiest girls. Except for like two of the girls, I think one of them is named Candice or Candy.
1	Worst gym ever! I have been going to this gym for almost a year now and haven't had any problems up till now. The gym it self is okay got not being equipped for a lot of major machines. However the customer service at this DUMP is HORRIBLE! I don't know what gave the night shift the right to be so rude to paying customers but it is unacceptable. Attitude problems when u ask for a towel, Rollin of the eyes when you ask for a parking validation. Really now? I should be able to go to the gym to release stress not to get it.   UHG  frustrating especially when the manger never is there. Please don't waste your money here.
4	Hmmmmm idk.. I must relocate myself from la fitness to here.  Haha. I absolutely love the view of downtown while working out. This place is so clean, weights and everything is put back in the right place. Great music choice here.
5	Nice variety of equipmentTVs working on the treadmillsTowel serviceI was able to use it because I was staying at the Hotel Palomar
2	The facility itself is nice, well kept, and there are many options for people to work out.  One of the perks of this facility is getting parking validated post workout, even during the busiest days of traffic.  The two star rating comes from several business practices that I feel are lacking the honesty and customer centric policies that I value:(1)  They charge a low initial rate and membership fees, then heavily push expensive personal training packages.  The gentleman I spoke with after signing up freely admitted that the business model is built around drawing people in with low membership fees then making money on the personal training packages.(2)  The training packages were not up to par with the quality of other fitness centers.  I've worked with other trainers in the past very successfully and these training sessions were by far the worst bang for the buck.  The sessions are short and expensive compared to other packages I've had in the past.  The trainers vary significantly in knowledge - to the point that one trainer I worked with aggravated old injuries I suffered from and I had to ask to be reassigned.  My next trainer was knowledgable, but not available frequently enough, due to scheduling limitations.  I ended up losing money due to scheduling more often than not.  (3)  The membership and training contracts are extraordinarily difficult to leave.  I lost my job and went in the same day to let them know so I could avoid extra charges.  After weeks of going back and forth with them, I had to pay over $500 to leave my contract.  On top of that, the only reason I was able to have my contract cancelled was because I moved out of state - not because I lost my job and could no longer afford the membership.  If you're looking for a gym that provides good equipment and fitness options and you plan on being with them year after year - then this is a good option for you.  For me, personally, I don't enjoy doing business with companies that are more interested in the bottom line for them, than delivering a quality experience to their customers.
1	Ok... So it's my fault that I joined this gym without taking a super close look. I should have known during the tour, when the nice lady showed me a wall of mirrors 200 feet away from the barbells and told me "this is where you can Deadlift" that this wasn't the gym for me. That said....There is only one squat rack here. Yes, in a huge gym downtown that probably has thousands of members, there is only one squat rack. It's shameful. If you have any interest in squats, Deadlifts, or even military barbell presses this isn't the gym for you. Look elsewhere. I wish I had.
2	Gym not bad but girls working the front desk have no customer service skills.  Every time I go in the girls are chatting and laughing without paying attention to customers walking in.  On my last visit girl was chewing food in my face and I had to ask for a towel.  Is it that hard to get good people with so many others out of work.  I guess.
4	Great gym. Not sure what everyone's complaints are about. I drive about 15 miles just to come to the gym. Come here 5 days a week and never had a problem. Front desk staff isn't overly friendly but do their jobs. Only thing I wish is that the locker rooms are cleaned and kept up more often.
3	Not a bad gym. It's rarely too crowded when I go and is usually pretty clean on the workout floor. Ofcourse you get the few dirtbags who don't wipe down equipment and/or don't rerack weights but the staff is pretty diligent. Most of the front desk girls are friendly but there's one who seems eternally crabby and rolls her eyes or huffs and puffs if I need a shower/workout towel. If I don't ask for a towel she is fairly cordial. It's bizarre. Unfortunately she is usually there during the times I go. My only other complaint is that when I signed up I wasn't told about the $60 "rate guarantee fee" until after I had already signed everything. She conveniently left that part out of her sales pitch. And there's an extra fee if you cancel within 6 months. I'd probably give 4 stars if they were actually upfront about all the fees and charges when I signed up and I didn't have to deal with the crabby front desk girl. She's a real buzzkill.  So in summary the gym is ok value and In a great location. Issues I have are all individual specific.
2	I've got to start out by saying that I like this gym. My husband and I have been members here for almost 2 years now. I feel comfortable there, the staff is generally friendly and everything is pretty clean. There is enough equipment and class choices to have variety and not get bored.I regularly attend the Wednesday night Zumba class at 6:30. If there is one thing I do EVERY week, it's Zumba. This was the reason I paid for the premium membership; the ability to attend classes. When you check in, you let them know what class you are taking, and you get a little pass with a number on it.This is great, and seems like it would keep random people from taking classes, or the people who pay for the cheapest membership (which doesn't include classes), but because the passes aren't collected when you go into the room, there are SO many people in classes who are not paying for them. Typically, I will take my pass at the end of the class and give it to the instructor, but I rarely see many other people doing that. I see people walk in with no pass (with their girlfriend, their mom, their cousin AND their aunt) and the class is SO full, almost to the point where you can't move around much. It's a little irritating to pay more every month to be able to take these classes, and then to realize that I could pay 1/3 of that amount, and still be able to just walk in to the classes. If you had to actually give your pass at the door in order to be able to come into the room, there would be less people I'm sure, but it would be people who were serious about the class they were taking. Maybe the instructors just enjoy having a full class - I don't really know. It's not fair though. Thinking I'll just downgrade my membership and keep going to my classes like everyone else does!
2	I started at this Gold's when it opened. It was shinny and new. Everything was in it's place. Though, others are right when they say the place fell by the way side quickly. The amenities in the locker rooms were never stocked and when they were, they didn't work. Towels were always in the washer and weren't ready for you. They switched soaps to a cheap industrial smelling soap that made not want to take showers (they eventually switched it back, so you can only ding them for trying to be cheap). Also, all the people that signed up when the gym started pay a lot of money, though now there is a sign out front that says $19.95 No contracts. No gimmicks. Does that mean you had gimmicks before? and when do those gimmicks start again? I had a lot of problems with the personal trainers, too much drama, the turn over is ridiculous.There are pros to this club though, staff that have nothing to do with sales are really nice and tend to make things happen for you when your sales contact has moved onto another sale (which you can't blame them for, that's how they make a living). You get two hours of free parking underground, which is nice since there is no other free place to park DT. If you are looking for a place to go workout for an hour and go home, this would be a great gym for you. If you are looking to workout before work or on your lunch breaks, then need to shower and freshen up, I would go somewhere else.
2	The issue was finally resolved months after my initial review. I still maintain this place is one huge scam and they are obviously trained to lie to customers. My membership was never able to be cancelled and the only way to get out of the huge mess was for the sales man who originally set up this gigantic lie had to pay off the rest of the membership out of his own pocket (a few hundred bucks). Even the people at the billing department were in shock with what a mess he had created when we spoke on a 3 way call. I am thankful that the issue was resolved but it was months and months of stress and headache. Do not EVER sign up for a membership at Gold's Gym.Also, I was never able to get a hold of the manager despite my best efforts. AWFUL management.
5	Nice convenient location downtown.  The group classes are a nice touch.  Sometimes the locker room can prove challenging to find a available locker, but the staff does a good job of enforcing the no over night use.  The staff are nice as well.
5	JUST GO GIVE IT A CHANCE. MAKE A DECISION BASED ON WHAT YOU SEE YOURSELF.  I've been a member of many gyms, and this one is by far my favorite. I snubbed my nose at it because of the ratings and low price. (I'm used to paying $50+ for all my other memberships.) I didn't like LA Fitness or Anytime fitness when I toured their facilities. I gave this gym a chance as a very last resort and I'm so glad I did. They validate the parking so I can go hang out, AMAZING staff, clean, everything is up to date. I really feel spoiled by this gym.
2	So we joined up together... well, I joined up and was able to have a guest come with me.  This meant my boyfriend always had to go with me if he wanted to go to the gym.  That was okay, because I truly do enjoy working out regularly.The facility is beautiful... at first.  Slowly but surely I'd notice TVs on machines not working, there were no spray bottles for cleaning up machines (not that most people who worked out ever cleaned a machine), the steam room was being worked on on the men's side for quite some time, there were broken machines sitting around for days w/o any note left on it.  The place SMELLS terribly.  People need to learn how to bathe.  The last thing that ticked me off is the class sizes.  There were truly 2 that I enjoyed... they were ALWAYS full.  Yes, I did go in the morning and it was the Wednesday and Thursday 6am classes that would FILL UP.  One particular time I got there 10 minutes before scheduled class and asked for a ticket to go into the Spin class.  I was given the last one.  When I got up to the Spin room, every bike was taken.  I still went and worked out on a few machines outside, but just frustrating.  There were also always little things like the machines not being kept clean... gum in one of the elliptical machines that sat there for weeks.  I cancelled.  It's a bummer, but there are many other options.
1	WOW, I have over 25+ years of hospitality and customer service experience. I have lived and traveled all over North America. I have always had a gym membership so I am very educated to the industry. I have been a member to the Golds Gym downtown Phoenix for over 18 months, and have always had a personal trainer there as well. My personal trainer is amazing! He is the sole reason I joined Gold's Gym downtown Phoenix. Today August the 18th 2014 I have just had the most horrible horrible customer service experience I think I have ever ever seen in my life at the Golds Gym downtown Phoenix. The little girl at the front desk was the most rude individual I have ever seen in a customer service role in my 25 years of hospitality customer service. In my world the hotel industry if we treated our guests in any such manner we would lock our doors and call it quits!!!! I asked for a phone number and I was told I should google it if I wanted to phone number. That is just a little piece of what I experienced tonight at the Golds Gym downtown Phoenix. I have heard rumor that they were struggling from a management perspective, well with a customer service philosophy like that I can see why they are struggling. Again that is only a small piece of what I experienced this evening from a customer service perspective at the Golds Gym downtown Phoenix by the way I'm going to cancel my personal training and my membership because you do not deserve my money and I will make sure and tell all of my friends coworkers and acquaintances because word of mouth is powerful and you don't treat customers that way!
1	The equipment and the facility itself is beautiful. The main breaking point for me was the crowding. Be prepared to arrive at 4:30am if you like to have a little space, otherwise this place is essentially a crowded nightclub. Also, there were a bunch of bodybuilders here who were obviously on steroids, both in behavior and in physical appearance, if that matters to you one way or the other. Also, the membership contract is written in blood, there is no getting out. I would not recommend this gym.
4	Great location, just wish it was more geographically desirable to me. Clean facilities and gym itself is spacious, though locker space is challenging. Equipment is awesome and plenty of TV but expect crowding often. I love that they have a cardio theatre room to entice you to burn calories while distracted by the feature movie.
3	I have been a member here for 3 years now, the best thing about this gym is the location.  They also have some good class instructors, i.e. Phill (spin). The personal trainer s are kind of standoff ish as well as sales and management. Great front desk staff. It's a ok all in all definitely worth the money.
2	The gym itself is nice The staff are nice and helpful but look out for the finance company Jonas Fitness. They are absolutely awlful to deal with. I would give Golds a 4 if they did not work with Jonas Fitness. They have been caught in lies about payments and are quick to charge overdraft fees that are a nightmare to straighten out. This company cheapens the brand name golds gym world wide. The nicest thing I can say about Jonas Fitness is they are repulsive and have no idea of what character and integrity means. If there are any words stronger. Consider them said.
