5	a great place to buy hard to find wines, beers, and any cigar you've ever wanted.  they also carry an endless supply of liquors, from bacardi to very top shelf brands.huge supply of refrigerated beer & wine, as well as single beers (both 12 oz bottles and bigger specialty bottles).  fun to put together a custom six pack.  they also have a little "bar" area where you can sit with a beer or wine and a cigar.  i think they charge a small corkage fee for this luxury.  they are also planning on adding a few more of these "sitting areas".  call them to be put on their email list, as they have weekly wine tastings for $5.  if you buy a bottle of one of the featured wines, your $5 goes toward the cost of the bottle.  highly recommended to anyone in or outside the area.  a liquor & cigar disneyland! :)
5	Of any wine store that I have ever been to I get the best service at Magnum's. The staff here is super knowlegable and friendly. I actually feel like they enjoy helping me find a bottle of wine for $8 that tasted really close to a $60 one that I tried once. They have even helped me hunt down bottles based on a vague description of the label.The guy working this weekend chatted with me a bit and upon going to the lounge bar area to get me a bottle of Seven Deadly Zins (they use it as their house wine. can't beat that.) took me on a brief tour. I have never spent any time in the lounge but it is hip and cool and...ready for this? ..you can smoke...they sell 51% tobacco, so based on current smoking laws they can allow you to light up a stoagie while you enjoy your drink. Ahh reminds me of the good old days.For their service alone I would give six stars if possible. Love it!
5	There are not words to express the wonder and amazement I feel when entering that which has been come to be known as "MAN MECCA" in the circles I frequent.  I owe a great debt to the good friend who first brought me here.If you enjoy good liqueur, good cigars, good wines, good beers, and a good relaxed environment....  then Magnum's may not be for you, BECAUSE IT IS FREAKING FANTASTIC!!!The staff here is always knowledgeable and very helpful, Mike (not you the other Mike) you are the Bomb!  Their selection at Magnum's is unparalleled.  And the ambiance is as good as it gets.  You see, Magnum's is the pinnacle of all that is Man, and because it has a fantastic ventilation system, I can even bring my wife!I just can't describe how amazing this place is.  If you take nothing away from Yelp but to try this mecca of all that is man, than you have been given a great gift indeed!Oh and don't forget to look for Mike.  He is very well dressed (usually in a vest and the fattest full windser tie knot I have ever seen), medium height, and almost always there.  Mike will get you set up and ready to go in fashion.
5	This place is as good as it gets. A true man's hangout. Don't think that women can't go to this secret hideout that men go to though. Every time I see a woman here I think she must be in an elite group of the classiest women in the world. This place has every type of liquor, wine, beer and cigar possible. What makes it even better is that everyone who works here somehow knows everything about all of these countless products. They have now opened the greatest "REAL" bar attached to the greatest "REAL" Cigar and liquor store. Join their e-mail list right away as they have great beer, wine and liquor tastings. I used to go here all the time when I lived in NoPho however now I live in the Papago area. I always stop by when I am up that way for a Dogfish Head or whatever Amar (very cool, knowledgeable and intriguing owner) recommends. Think of the most expensive, elite club you can join and this would be their secret hangout, with the most knowledgable and friendly staff. Then throw in every type of whisky (I mean every, not like some wanna be Scottsdale bar), a few Plasma's with the game on and you have this cool hangout. Don't be fooled by the same old strip mall exterior. It keeps the million dollar bar hidden for only those who know about it.
5	Ah, Magnum's.  You manage to upsell me everytime.  Am I some kind of sucker, or are you just that good?  You are just that good.  Your staff is impeccable, lots of long-termers...  Loyalty means a little something to me.  Your selection of everything for liver-pickling and lung-blackening, is among the finest.  And now you have food.  Ah, Magnum's.  What will we do with you.  We will reach deep into our pockets and spend spend spend.  You provide the elixir that is the cause of, and solution to, most of life's problems.  (Author kisses hand and gestures upward in the Italian tradition.) I once saw a woman drop her skirt while standing at your bar.  Was it because her drink was that good?   Perhaps.  I am no frou-frou drinker, but I have been so adamantly upsold on such delicious drinks - the mint diablo something or other, oh lord, and the espresso martini - holy toledo.   And I laugh and smile as I fork over the extra cash and relish in the tastiness of my small taste of alcoholic heaven.  Ha-ha, what?  Ha-ha, $47.75?  Ha-ha, sure!  Ha-ha, you'd never believe I was semi-unemployed!  Highly recommend.
3	i have mixed reviews of this bar. BE PREPARED TO SPEND ALOT OF MONEY IF YOU'RE GOING TO DRINK HERE. if you are looking for a place that you can still smoke inside, this is for you. this is not a bar, bar. not a casual, have a cigarette type of bar. you can buy fine cigars and upscale liquor here. people mostly smoke cigars here. this is an upscale, snooty type of bar. there is no menu. half of the people who go here have money coming out of their ears, and  the other half are wanna be's who want to look like they have alot of money just because they're spending alot to drink here. i feel the crowd is a little stiff and i think alot of people go here so they can look like big shots. they have alot of fine liquors and imported beer to choose from. if you want a bud lite or anything like that, you're out of luck, they don't have it. they give you something that they consider close to regular domestic beers, but they taste nothing like them. the different beers i've tried here tasted fairly bad in my opinion. if you like expensive fine liquor and expensive imported beers, this is your place. the drinks are way overpriced. for a mixed vodka drink with soda, or rum with soda, it's about $8.50-$9.00 A GLASS. these are just average vodkas & rums. this is not a tall glass. just an average glass. this is the highest i've ever paid for any drink in my life. this is especially WAY too high for the area. i've been on fancy cruises and to upper class bars and they were much cheaper. my friend's cigars average $9 a cigar but there is a very large selection with a wide price range. so between a couple cigars and a few drinks and tip, the bill is always very high. the plasmas are very nice and the actual bar is very nice looking, upscale. the furniture is nice. i don't like the attitudes of different people who go here. many of them think they're better then everyone else because they're spending alot of money to be here. i was actually told by their staff to get up out of my seat because one of their "SPECIAL' customers was coming in and they wanted him to sit there. can you get any snootier or rude to actually ask me to get up and move? i felt that was really insulting to suggest one customer is better then another. so, upscale in all ways. WAY overpriced for what you get, and expect alot of fake snooty people. money doesn't mean class.
2	Magnum's has a nice selection of beers in virtually all categories that a beer enthusiast would want. Cigars and wine aren't bad either, and their new trendy cigar lounge is nice as well.After several visits I have found the service to be atrocious. For example, today I was there and suspected that my total was slightly off and so I politely requested the receipt. He corrected me by saying I already had it (the credit card receipt) and said that's all he could give me, then followed it up with a nasty look.   Since when is it not possible for a customer to receive an itemized receipt to confirm that there were no double charges or mischarges?Be careful for old or heat damaged product at Magnum's. Over 90% of their product is maintained at a warm room temperature (today it was 100+ degrees and the front door was open), and I've had several bad bottles from this place. If you stick to the refrigerated product you're less likely to get a bad one, and shopping in summer months can be more risky here as well.If you're in the area Magnum's is worth the stop, but be careful what you buy and expect to be treated poorly.
5	Some people find it hard to just enjoy the beauty of Magnums for what it is; An Oasis in the Dessert. The owners and staff are very knowledgeable and can help you with any cigar, beer, liquor, and wine  selection. This place is not "snooty" as some one that didn't get it tried to say but it's a smooth haven to relax in no matter your social status. Yes you need money to spend time there but it is a business of course.The cigars and Scotch will keep my membership renewed. The addition of the Magnums Card for points was a great idea.Ask either Mike for a "Dirty Russian" and tell'em Rich sent ya!
5	If you go into Magnums expecting what it actually is, it can't be beat.  First off, it's a cigar bar.  Expect to smell of smoke.  However, I actually go there for the drinks.  They have a vast selection of beer and wine, that they will open and serve.  The wall of beers is my favorite, just take a walk and they will chill it in about 7 minutes.  I don't think it's as expensive as other reviewers have said.  Although you can get super-high-end drinks here, most of the beers, mixed drinks or martinis are around $10.  Service has always been good for me, staff is extremely knowledgeable.  Just ask for recommendation!
5	Simply put...this place rules.Excellent beer, wine, and cigar selection.knowledgeable friendly staff.A very classy outfit that is highly recmmended.
2	The reason for the low rating was the lack of courtesy on the phone when I asked for a slightly better price for list price on a box of Acid Kuba Kubas.  This is primarily a cigar bar and not a cigar warehouse.
5	Without all the frills of a downtown bar or even the convenient location, Magnums Cigar, Wine, and Liquor Emporium is becoming one of Phoenix's hottest hang-outs. The bar, a traditional setting boasting oak with marble inset tables and bar tops, spares no expense to achieve a comfortable and designer setting. On top of comfort the bar is pleasing to the eye. Incredible artwork and designer posters appropriately line the walls. However, walking into the bar itself present a religious experience for liquor lovers of all kinds. Stocked with micro-brews from all over the world, a respectable gallery of wine, and a shelved bar back full of traditional and exotic liquors no patron will go thirsty.Without question, the bar staff rivals the best of the best (think Durant's) and ensures a pleasant experience. After just one trip to the bar a return visit was met with a memory of my first visit and a nearly accurate guess at my favorite drink (grey goose martini, dirty, on the rocks).Enough about the bar, you'll have to check it out to see the rest. Walking into Magnum's you would never know the swanky outfit you are about to enjoy as it is located in a strip mall at 7th street and Union Hills (SE Corner). Upon entrance you recognize the passion with which owner, Amar Patel, approaches his work. A beautifully stocked wine and liquor inventory presents the patron with their regular everyday choice spirits among others for special occasions. Then, after a quick glance around the place you notice IT, the humidor. Your first visit requires a tour from one of the very capable staff. If Amar is there, ask him to talk you through the many selections offered in his meticulously stocked humidor. Smoking cigars and cigarettes is allowed in Magnum's, the only bar of its kind in all of Arizona.
5	Top shelf all the way, from the cigars, to the liquor to the service.  The humidor is kept at a perfect 70/70 and the selection is great, most major labels, and some hard to find sticks as well.  The bar is also stocked to the hilt with a good beer selection as well as top shelf rye, scotch, bourbon etc.  I thought the service was excellent from the time I walked into the humidor to the time I paid the bill, the staff was attentive without being invasive. If I have any criticism it was the ventilation (I've seen better) and the price, but in this case you get what you pay for.
5	Great smoking bar! Very big alcohol selection and friendly staff. Top shelf selection on service and drinks. Great place to go, relax and have a drink or smoke. The bartenders are very knowledgeable and make awesome recommendations. A big plus here is that you can smoke inside!! Definitely should check it out.
5	One of my Top 5 Best Finds in Phoenix.  Amazing inventory.  Outstanding service.  Phenomenal atmosphere.In the bar/lounge area, Russell really knows his stuff; from spirits to smokes, this boy is skilled beyond his years (such a baby face on such an intelligent man), and can make recommendations that hit the mark every time on drinks, stogies and more.  THAT is true service.The locale is fantastic for impressing a client or hanging out with friends in an intimate, mature and refined setting.  I wish they'd open a location in CenPho, so I could go more often.
5	It's great to be at a place where everyone knows your name!  Service here is unparalleled!My first trip to Magnums was going to be to just stop in and just get a beer. I was going to check it out, if it was cool, I would go back again sometime for a cigar and maybe a scotch.  Walking into the bar, I felt like a kid walking into Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory! Dimly lit, mixed crowd, the fantastic smell of cigars, and a Pink Floyd concert playing on one of their TVs...this was fantastic.  I stayed the entire night, getting myself a nice cigar from their impressive walk in humidor, amazed by their extensive selections of scotch, tequila, and beers.Needless to say, I have been back to Magnums countless times since.   The staff is extremely knowledgeable on everything they sell, and can easily recommend a cigar to go with your drink or vise versa.  Great music is played throughout the bar/lounge and they even put in a space for live music (I haven't been there during a live show just yet).  Magnums can be pricey, but you can also get away with staying on the frugal side as well.  The drinks are very strong, and the selections are endless, so it is worth every penny no matter what the tab!This place never disappoints, I wish I could give it 6 stars! It is a great place to grab a drink with friends, and a perfect way to end a classy night out.
5	Oh now they've done it; added live music on select weekends! I didn't think it could get any better but it did (-:
5	If you like scotch, wine, cigars, and/ or pipes, you owe it to yourself to pay this place a visit.
5	This place is awesome. If you like high-end imported beer, then this is the place for you.  Magnum's is a bar with a liquor store attached to it. Theres also a nice selection of wine and cigars in the liquor store area. The price is a little high but if you go in for a drink, the atmosphere makes it worth while. The guys that work there know their stuff when it comes to their products. You gotta stop in and check this place out.
5	Excellent beverage and cigar selection. The service was superb and extra bonus on the weekend: Hot Chelsea!
4	This place has an amazing selection of difficult to find beers and spirits. It has the largest Belgian beer selection of any establishment I've been to outside of Belgium... and some Belgian bars don't even stock that many. The place is moderately priced and it is a terrific value for what you get: Excellent service, top quality products, a terrific humidor that is worth touring, and a friendly atmosphere that is both refined and not stilted or pretentious. I'd give it five stars if it had better ventilation; I'm one of those non-smokers that will occasionally enjoy a cigar with friends. More avid smokers probably will not mind that aspect and, come to think of it, I overlook it as well because it has many other things going for it. Overall, very good and very special place.
5	I LOVE this place!  The selection of both cigars and alcohol is great!  The decore is relaxing, and most of all it is female friendly.  :)  Every staff member I came across was pleasant and helpful.  If you've got time to spend there relaxing, I would do it.  It is not close to me and I still go every chance I get.
5	I feel like I'm miles behind and miles ahead of the curve on Magnum. Imagine a couple years ago, or last night, or whenever, and you're in bed with a girl, lady, woman, or victim du jour for the first time. And there's "hot and heavy" going on... which sounds noticeably less appealing when one is sober. And she tries to mount up for a "Hey, Mr. Tambourine Man" ride and, maybe, you don't drink at the time, and you're like, "Woman, don't you have any condoms?" And she says no. Things sour. You feel safe. And jackassoholic. And you later find out this isn't true. SHE DID HAVE CONDOMS. It's just that she didn't want to embarrass you with the Magnum condoms in her bedside table that she shared with her tyrannosaurusly hung ex. What a Dick. Because she thinks you'd be intimidated. Because you're just a cute little guy. Well, if you can believe it, it's happened to me. Again. And this time, her name is Magnum. She is beautiful.In the future, the coolest of the cool, the swankiest of the wanks, the biggest smiles, the worst breath, the hippest hipsters, and the snobbiest Scottsdalians will disabuse this place of it's current location-induced obscurity. And I'll talk longingly about "back in the day, back in the days before you couldn't walk through it" like I do now with the Vig. This is the future of Phoenix nightlife. Are you marking my words? The location absolutely could not be worse. But what they have is something really special. She has New York quality cocktails and obviously the Bill Clinton/Monica Lewinsky phallic cigar aspect is an important factor that can't be ignored. Suck. Blow. Tons of cigars to be put wherever he/she will let you. Go here. Be surprised. Tell your friends. Rinse. Repeat.
5	I'm poking around Yelp today and figured I better update my review on this place. Turns out, I never did one. Oops. My bad.I was going to update it since nobody seems to be mentioning the fact that they have downsized a bit. The liquor store side no longer has all the rows of wine and beer. The little walk-in cooler for all the high end wines/champagnes is gone too.Don't fret too much, they seem to have it all under control. The selection is still top notch, and it is easier to make a selection now that you can't wander around aimlessly for an hour amongst the warm shelves. Everything is chilled now. That's a bonus for me because I'm a #craftbeer geek and I like to know that the purveyors of fine Abbey Ales are doing the monks justice and treating their product with the respect it deserves. The cigar selection is good, and the humi is well-built, well-maintained and well stocked. The bar side is an awesome place to lounge around in comfort, drink some small batch bourbon and smoke without having to go face blistering heat outside. If bourbon isn't your thing they have plenty of single malts and tequilas. Beer selection is good, with way more Belgians than you and your friends want to try to plow your way through in one night. I didn't look for any sours, so can't speak for that - as they just don't seem to sound conducive to cigar enjoyment.
2	If you know what Scotch you like, chances are they have it.I am just learning the nuances of drinking scotch. I heard good things about Magnums and I have been twice. Both times I left a little overwhelmed...but I have now had time to evaluate my experiences and put some thought into it.I was in a real bad mood the second visit, but I my evaluation still holds when I think back.First visit - Ordered two (2) flights (samples of scotches, had four (4) in each flight - Magnums choice). Scotch was served in the traditional vinum and there was an adequate amount to properly "sample". Their "machine" was broken and we were each given a total price (seemed a little pricey...but  hey, it is Scotch.) I noticed the smell of AZ tap water in the glasses, but being a newbie, I was not sure what was proper etiquette. That was then...Second visit - I was in a really bad mood and probably should have stayed home, but I did not. I was schooled the week before by a scotch lover with an extensive selection of fine scotches in his cabinet. I also researched the proper scotch tasting techniques. Armed with this knowledge and a little practice earlier in the week, I ordered one flight of four (4)  - my selections.I kindly asked if they could hand wash the glasses (because of visit #1). I was told they wash their glasses in filtered water and some other stuff, I don't remember. (I was fending off my friends jokes about how they were going to spit clean my glasses because I was being too picky), so I smiled and said OK.Whatever the case, they did not smell like AZ tap water. The glasses were rocks\old fashion glasses. Picky? Absolutely.  If I am paying good money at a fancy scotch bar...and sampling multiple scotches...put them in the proper glass so I can have a proper sample!!! To top it all off, there was barely one swallow per glass. FAR less than what was gotten the first time. Not even a half a standard swig!  I ordered my favorite of the four afterwards and I would have to say the samples were about 1/5 of what a full order is...but charged for 1/2 of the drink.Am I wrong in my perception? Maybe, but I'd like someone to explain their flight pricing to me .The place it too small to reserve tables. The first night they had three tables reserved and no-one showed up! I saw potential customers walk in and turn around and leave because there was no place to sit...and there were those three (3) empty tables with "Reserved" signs on them. The second visit, there was one reserved table. We ordered, paid and left...and that one table was still empty. REALLY??? Wonder how much money they lost on the no shows.As a side note, my friend wanted a specific scotch. He had me call earlier in the day to see if they had it. I was told they did not. Fair enough...Then we got there and my friend asked in the front where the liquor store and humidor are...still out (and for the last couple of weeks). he also ordered it and when she went back to check if they have it they did. mmmmm... This confused me..did they have a secret stash for regular customers and succumbed to his persistence and break it out for him, or give him something else and say it was what he wanted just to shut him up? Tooo fishy. I am disappointed!! Magnums is so close to home and I could see myself spending more time and money there. The interior is VERY comfortable. The bar is amazing. The tables (when you can get them are just like I want at home. Chairs are comfortable. They have multiple TVs hanging the walls with various sports on them (muted audio). But even better,  they have the center screens above the bar playing concert videos WITH the concert audio. It is obvious the owners paid a lot of attention to detail in every aspect. I SOOOOO WANTED Magnums to be that place. I am sad that is was not.
3	A pretty classy place, I started off with a 30 dollar groupon, figuring that it said in store only, a great reason to get customers in the door...I wanted to get a bottle and that be it, found that most lower shelf stuff was close to the 30 dollar mark. Evan Williams American Honey 29 dollars... sheesh. I ended up just getting a six pack of weihenstephaner, heineken dark, and a tall bottle of Flag Bru Flag IPA. I was about to open the bottle in the store and was told by a classy looking hipster that if I was to enjoy the bottle of flag bru in the store, I would have to pay a exorbitant amount on top of the price of the bottle. I never had this problem at pay & take in flagstaff, I guess they just charge more to have the same beer/wine/liquor in the store to pay for their title 4 license... Good luck.
4	What an awesome place. In Arizona for Thanksgiving and went out for a drink. The front tore staff was great, had two different people offer to help us choose a cigar. Went into the lounge and our mixologis Jay took the time to go over everything and provided great service. If this place served a few tapas 5 stars for sure.
4	Let me first say that I'm not a smoker nor is my husband, but we both will go for the occasional cigar... the smoke in this place can get pretty bad but hey it IS a cigar bar so what would be expect. If you can't handle smoke, this isn't the place for you. TIP FOR LADIES with long hair... put your hair up in a bun; it minimizes the smoke absorption. I'm a wino and I've found your best bet here is to buy a bottle in the retail area and then pop over to the lounge and drink it there; I can drink a lot of wine and the wine by the glass in the lounge seems a little pricey. My husband enjoys the scotch selection they offer. They have a great cigar selection of course and on a hot day spending several minutes picking out that perfect cigar while enjoying the cool refreshing humidor air just hits the spot!
4	Update - Magnum's is doing wine tastings on Friday night from 6-8; cost ranges from Free to $10/person and you taste 3-4 wines. The tasting is done outside of the smoking area and there are 4 decent sized couches if you don't want the intense smoky atmosphere. Wine selection is not huge, but you can open a bottle there and pay retail prices with only a $5 corkage fee to drink it right there... not bad really when you think of how high restaurant prices on wine can be.
3	Store looks like a 7-eleven with all that fluorescent lighting.  There's a humidified room for cigars adjacent and a cigar bar lounge as well.  I love the concept - to be able to buy some cigars, then next door to smoke them whilst sipping some bourbon - that's just awesome.  However, I don't like paying 12 bucks a drink at a bar that's in the local grocery store strip mall.  The atmosphere in the lounge is great, but the location just doesn't seem to warrant that kind of price tag for drinks.
4	Great place to watch a game, smoke a cigar and have a beer you have probably never had before.
4	If I had to describe Magnum's in one word, that word would be: Selection. They have an amazing array of fine cigars, craft and import beers, and high end spirits. Also, they employees have the know how to recommend something that pairs well with your cigars, tastes and your budget. The only thing negative I can say is they REALLY NEED TO UPDATE the liquor menu. I had ordered four different whiskeys before I came across something they had in stock. Aside from that one quirk, Magnum's is the perfect place to have a smoke, 2 fingers of bourbon and some gentleman conversation.
5	Bought a new pipe. The Peterson is fantastic, as is the sesame tobacco I bought to accompany it. The whiskeys and Belgian beers are nothing short of outstanding.
3	Nice place but it's freakin' pricey!!!!!!!!!
4	This gem is a little place I like to keep secret. Only problem with secrets, is they tend to get forgotten about if you don't make a game of them every now and again.This place is the only bar in AZ that you are allowed to BUY a drink and smoke a stick INSIDE at the same establishment. The only way this is allowed to continue is if the majority of sales are through tobacco. Lets help keep this gem open by supporting local business.Owners are nice, staff is great and helpful. Prices can be a bit high for drinks, but the tobacco prices are fair. They also allow cigarettes and tobacco pipes. Great little spot
4	Very nice place and I don't drink or smoke!
4	I love this place for their high end spirits selection. Best place to have a smoke and try a good scotch before you invest in a bottle. Their events and tastings are fantastic as well!The only thing that's a bummer is the cigar selection is sometimes lacking and they don't serve any food.
5	Great bar with a fine choices of good Scotch. Love the atmosphere....reminds me of NY. Fine cigars and good booze with a friendly bar tender...what else can you ask for?
4	Very nice staff, knowledgeable about the cigars n liquors.   Classy place , good decor, great coffee...recommend to all n it had free wifi
5	A classy, fun place to go for a nice change of pace.  I like cigars, and I enjoy a good drink (away from the douchebagg-y Old Town scene), and this place fits the bill well.  Great selection of cigars that are well-kept in a walk in humidor, great selection of beer as well as spirits.  I'm not a frequent whiskey drinker, so I can't speak to the fairness of those prices, but the smokes and beer are fairly priced in my opinion.  Friendly, helpful staff (in regards to both service and making a selection)....aside from the stench left on our clothes the next day, we enjoy this place thoroughly.
4	I met my friend here on a Saturday night while in town visiting for the holidays. It's located in a strip mall so I didn't quite know what to expect as I walked up. I was pleasantly surprised when I walked in to find it very lounge like with a beautiful bar. This place clearly caterers to the dark liquor drinkers! They had an extensive list of bourbon, scotch and whiskey. Since I am more of a wine drinker I asked our server if they had any and they said they did so I went with the Malbec. Since we spent most of the time chatting we didn't even get the cigars! Overall a great spot to hang out with very attentive servers to bring guys and gals that can appreciate the ambiance. I wish they served some sort of appetizers though...
5	My name is Don Abram Harris, I am the first African American Cigar Manufacturer in the US. I stop through once very nice place, I would love to do a tasting droning the Super Bowl, and a prize who picks the right pick on the game, www.donabramharris.com or Google Don Abram Harris,
5	One of my favorite places to get a cigar and cocktail to relax with. Great atmosphere and incredibly knowledgeable staff.
5	Just showed up to Phoenix with a buddy looking for a place to hang out that resembled the fabled Mort's Martini Bar of Wichita, Kansas.  I'm going to be residing here for a while, so I needed a place I could call home.  Magnums is quite a good location, and while it's no Mort's, it is definitely a place I could find myself quite often.Firstly, let me tell you, finding a place where you can enjoy your cigar and a beverage at the same time is exceedingly hard to do in this modern day of social awareness and health babysitting.  If you show up at a cigar bar, you should be able to enjoy it there.  We found this place relatively easily.  It's in a strip mall, but the interior is very comfortable.  The decor instantly made me feel welcome and at home.  The staff was welcoming as well.  They made sure to greet us as we walked in the door, and the humidor is large.  The only downside is on the day we visited a majority of our favorites had been purchased by like minded patrons.  The exterior of the place does not meet the interior.  (Insert Doctor Who "It's bigger on the inside" reference.The staff made some excellent suggestions on local brews, and if we wanted to, we could try out many of the beverages to see if we liked it before we bought it.  The selection of their beers and beverages was extensive.  Secondly, I cannot emphasize the importance for any business to focus on customer service.  The staff here had it down.  While it was a bit slow for a Friday night, the staff was eager to help, taking the opportunity to focus on the customers.  I've been to many a bar where it's a slow night and the bar staff is too busy goofing off to pay attention to you.  These guys were professional.Thirdly, if you find yourself stranded in the beautiful deserts of Arizona, make sure and visit this place.  It's worth your time.  I will be back, and it's earned a five star from me.  Glad to have been here!Thirdly,
4	Very upscale cigar bar.  Great sprits but it comes with a price but all good things do.
5	Can't believe in all the years going to this place I never did a review.  Yes... it's expensive.  Yes, it is a smoking bar.  But the atmosphere and service if beyond anything you have ever experienced.  That's why we keep going back again and again.  Special events are fun and well run.  You feel like a VIP every time you walk in the door.
5	This place is 5 star all the way.  Visit here and find out for yourself.  High quality and high quality with a mix of high quality.
5	Very nice place to hangout, I came here to pick up a very special reserved bourbon and I was able to get it at a decent price. I only recently started learning more about cigars, and I only smoke once a year (for my birthday), but they seemed to have an extensive and quality selection. I can't wait to make it back here for a drink!
1	I have been going to Magnums since it opened which was long before the bar was built.  I have always thought it was a little pricey but paid the bill because it is a nice place to be able to smoke a cigar and I have always received good service on the cigar side.  Unfortunately on a recent visit, their overpriced drink offerings became just too much to handle. Stopped in with a friend (another long time patron) and we ordered a couple of pours of Angels Envy Rye.  The bill for two drinks - $77.98 including tax.  Wow, $36 EACH for what is a very strict pour of Angels Envy Rye which you can easily get for less than $100 per bottle.  By my account, that is about a 10 times markup.  I can only hope it was priced wrong and will be fixed for future customers.  For me, there are many places I can go that don't gouge me.  Probably can't smoke a cigar there but that luxury is not worth these prices.
5	This place is fun. I go for beer. Not a big beer nerd but they never make me feel  dumb when I ask beer questions. So helpful and the employees and owners really take care of you. I love this place.
5	Great environment, fantastic service. Ryan makes the best Moscow mules. The cigars selection is very diverse . The craft beers are in the 500's.
5	Love this place!!! Had the best time and the best service!!!! Melissa is incredible!!!!! It may be a bit of a hike from Scottsdale but is well worth the uber ride lol! We will definitely be going back.
5	Absolutely one of (if not singularly) the best bars for any bourbon or scotch connoisseurs. All the best bourbons sold by the drink, as well a very good selection sold by the bottle. The customer service here is great, they really know their liquor. I'll be back anytime I'm in town.
