4	This place is hopping in the CLT and I'm about to tell you why! Since opening at the end of 2011 at the airport, flyers can bet in having a quality burger or salad before a long journey.  I enjoyed a greek salad option instead of a burger this time.  My friend got a turkey burger. Both were very good. I might say that the salad was the best I've had at an airport venue anywhere!!  I just cannot give 5 stars when the host forgets us and also forgets to give us eating utinsels for a long while. It was after 8pm and indeed the venue was packed but this should not mean that we go unnoticed for more than 20 minutes.  After all we were pretty noticable without being at the Burger Bar!  Really. Trust me. Believe me.
4	This was a really great place to hang out while waiting for my flight in Charlotte. We had already had lunch so we were looking for a place where we could watch a game, drink a beer and chill for a couple of hours. We ordered the sweet potato fries and they might have been the most delicious sweet potato fries I have ever tried. They were crispy and thin, but still had enough of a gooey center to keep me going back. The dipping sauce was a good compliment also. I am sure that the rest of their menu was just as well executed, and the options listed were extensive and sounded amazing. The server was not bothered at all by us occupying his table for two hours while not ordering much more than a couple of beers. The decor was cool, the walls were covered in TVs and there was a large window overlooking the tarmac.  The space offered tables as well as places for solo diners to eat. All in all, this place offered an excellent option for airport dining.
3	Pretty good burgers. A bit pricey but on par with other airport eateries. Service was kind of lacking.
4	I really liked this place for breakfast. We had about 45 mins to eat and the place was not that busy but staffed well. Once we were seated our waitress came to take our drink orders. My allergies took a left turn so water was a go. As much as I like orange juice, I was in concert mode already and just too excited to be closer to Baltimore. So we both opted to get a beer and shot deal for $10. Not bad too bad.  Next in line was the food. The burgers looked good and also backed by a few other reviews. I went with the 'breakfast' burger but can't remember the exact name. After we placed our orders we noticed the placed started to fill up, quick. We got their just in time before a huge rush. The food arrived about 20 mins later and was great. I ordered my burger well done so the wait was expected. It came between two hot buns, topped with melted cheese, two slices of bacon, and an over easy made egg on top. The fries came well seasoned too. This is just how I wanted my meal, a well cooked burger with runny egg yoke. After we ate it did take a while for our check to arrive and pay. At this point all the staff was busy and you could see the frustration in the other customers faces. My review could of easily been on the downside had I arrived later and still chosen to eat here. Other than that we made our boarding time just as they called us.
3	tasty vegan black bean burger.... although it is DEEP FRIED. sweet potato fries were on point. I rounded it out with a side salad.  resisted the sweet tea.  pretty good for airport food. and at $20 it was a bargain.
1	Probably the worst burger I've ever had. We stopped here for lunch on a layover and waited in excess in 30 minutes for our food. During that time, I did not see one food order come out of the kitchen. I did see a lot of BSing by the waitstaff in the prep area, though.Eating the burger was a challenge. Grease had soaked through the bottom bun and liquified it, so I just ate the patty which was medium rare (I had ordered medium well). The sweet potato fries had probably been made very early that day or the day before. They were cold and stale.I would have rather had McDonald's--at least I wouldn't have killed my whole connection waiting for the food.
3	Good flavor, but the bacon cheesseburguer w/steroids is way to big for a girl. A little bit greasy, because they are soooo big!Tater tots good too.
4	I have been here on multiple occasions. The burgers are very good. Nice selection of beer on draft. Milkshakes are very good. Forget the wings unless your feeding a five year old. The wings looked like they were from a quail, they were so small. It's a burger, beer and shakes place.
4	What a great surprise to walk into CLT airport and there is a bad daddy's in the airport. What has become a neighborhood stable in other parts of town, now is brought to Charlotte Douglas. I prefer the Sam I am burger but on lighter days I always have the black bean burger. The black bean burger is super tasty, filling, but yet much lighter then having a burger. Not a bad way to start a vacation at the airport.
4	Was interning out at CLT airport and had to get a quick lunch. I like Bad Daddy's in Ballantyne, so I figured I'd try this one as well. I ordered at the to-go counter, and got a buzzer that worked all the way up and down C concourse (good range!). It buzzed in about 15 minutes, which is okay, not really fast, so if you're in a hurry, maybe not the best option.I got the Western Burger with no onions, so it's a buffalo burger, cheese, and barbecue sauce. I got it as close to medium as possible, and I also got chips. The burger was delicious! Juicy and huge! Also it was medium rare, just how I like it. The barbecue sauce was really good. My only complaint would be maybe a bit much cheese, but just nitpicking. The chips were delicious as well.Overall, give Bad Daddy's a try--it's probably the best restaurant in the airport!
1	A bit overpriced for a morning egg scramble, but I guess that's to be expected in an airport. The scramble itself was overly greasy considering what I ordered didn't contain any meat in it. Two major issues that arise are that for one the service was extremely slow, a turn around of 45 minutes from Hello to Goodbye, something they need to address since their customer base have flights to catch. The other issue is that my waitress Kristen was completely vacant and unfriendly which culminated into placing BDBB's into my no fly zone.
2	Bad service. Super slow for airport, no ketchup but it's a fry and burger joint. Fries are good.
3	Bad Daddy's in the Charlotte airport has a good burger and drink menu for slighly jacked-up airport prices.  If you've got at least an hour to burn at CLT, it's a decent place to spend it.  They've got plenty of TVs playing NASCAR and baseball to keep you entertained between flights.  While it is an airport restaurant, it's definitely on the better side, but it's still an airport restaurant.  It can get pretty crowded during the lunch rush, with business travelers, families, all with suitcases and backpacks everywhere.  Service isn't quick, so if you don't have much time before your next flight, you might wanna hit up a different fast-food joint.  But if you are looking for milkshakes or mixed drinks, this is probably your best choice!
2	Layover. Looking for a hot breakfast. I was impressed by the variety on the breakfast menu, for an airport joint. I ordered some kind of scramble with mushrooms and sausage in it, with a side of thick-cut bacon. I also tried to order hot chocolate, but only some coffee was available. They didn't even offer tea. I got the coffee anyways... it was decidedly gross. (It's not that I don't drink coffee, just wasn't in the mood, but I was freezing.)The breakfast portion was huge, but I really didn't eat most of it. Everything was cold, which was a bit confusing because it came out so fast. The scramble was watery. The toast was not toast at all... just bread. Not warm, not crisp. The potatoes were pretty dry. Bacon was reasonably delish, though.Still, I guess for a "sit-down" breakfast in the Charlotte Airport without having to go out of my way, I'm fairly grateful for Bad Daddy's existence. Just wish it would've been hot. Service was good, though. Attentive, smiley. Energetic. It coulda been worse, but I've definitely experienced better-- even in airports.
3	Great tasty food!!!!!!  Poor service.  Waiter never came.  The only person who cared about me was Elise.  Restaurant always loses stars on poor service.
2	They charge the same price for Bud Light as for premium beer: expensive.  It's worth a stop if your gate is right next to the place, and you're trying to catch the Lions' game (if you're trying to catch any other game then you're a failure).  For anything else, I recommend reading a book in the waiting area.
2	The burgers are soft--almost as if they were steamed. The onion straws have cayenne or too much pepper in the batter. The music is ridiculously loud--who wants to be blasted on a Sunday morning? And the service is inconsistent--attention, but then the waitperson disappears. Charlotte doesn't have a lot of choices, but next time I'll go back to the barbecue place or the sushi bar.
3	I can't speak to the burgers, but the chips and dip and wings were pretty good. And they have decent beer. Probably the best spot in this airport for food and/or a drink. It can get crowded (as it is the best spot to kill time), but the wait is worth it by comparison. The service is definitely airport-quality (a.k.a. sub-par). The decor is kinda out-of-the-box, but it's a nice change of pace from what you typically encounter in airports. And there's plenty of TVs if you're into sports or watching the news.
3	Not as good as the Huntersville location.  Birkdale has much better burgers and fries.
1	Extremely disappointed!!!We lived in Charlotte and LOVED Bad Daddy's but their airport location does NOT do them justice.We had a flight that stopped in CLT and we were excited when we saw that they had a location in the airport... I wish I never had that experience.HORRIBLE and again, EXTREMELY disappointed at the quality of the food.I am hesitant of ever recommending Bad Daddy's in the airport to any co-worker.
4	I had "build your own omelet" breakfast special to-go. The food was good. The only issue I had was the food buzz to alert me never went off. Lucky, I went to check and it was sitting on the counter. :\
4	Was in Charlotte on a business trip, and flying out I had some time to grab some dinner before my flight. This is the best food I've ever had in an airport. ever. That said, now that I see it is a chain that exists in other locations as well, I would definitely check it out if I were in Charlotte again.I had the Sam I Am burger, because I never turn down a burger with egg on it =). While the pesto flavour was really weak, the whole package was amazingly delicious! Loved every bite of it. The fries were really good too. The service was good and quick when we were there, and didn't have to worry about catching our flight or anything.
1	Poor customer service! I typically recommend this place to all my friends when they are traveling through CLT, but I will not be doing that anymore. I rushed to stop by to grab a bite to eat before my next flight but when I arrived no one would acknowledge my presence. Finally when someone did at 7:53pm i was told by one of the wait staff that they were closed. Funny, I was able to walk from Concourse C to E in time to sit down and order at Fox Sports before 8pm when they closed. Needless to say, I will not return or recommend anymore.
2	Service was quick. We stopped in when we had less than an hour for a layover and told them that so they brought food quickly. My friend's burger looked good and he said it was tasty. I was less excited about my salad. I got the chicken salad and asked for dressing on the side. It was brought out with the dressing on it and I didn't say anything since we were in a rush. I asked our waitress what the best salad was and she recommended the Texican Chicken Salad. If this is their best salad, then I surely don't want to try the others. The chicken in this salad was pretty bad- it was overcooked, flavorless and tasted like it had been sitting out for quite a while. Portions were decent and prices were typical bar prices ($8-$11 for burger or salad).
4	Solid burger, addictive "onion straws" (especially the sauce)... good overall, great for airport fare.
5	Come hungry and leave ready to me in a food coma!  I let the server 'build my own burger'- I'll eat just about anything so it makes eating fun and they know what's good on the menu. Mushroom, slaw and guac burger was delish!! Sweet potato fires were great for sharing and make room for the PB&J shake! Good thing I didn't make any healthy news years resolutions - cant wait to go back!
2	Service is terrible.  Fly through CLT every week.  Service here is terrible
5	I've been passing through the Charlotte airport a lot recently, and decided to try Bad Daddy's.    I flew in on a cold and rainy Tuesday, and was looking at a three hour layover, so I passed the time by eating at the bar at Bad Daddy's.    It's not a huge location -- maybe 80 seats total -- but the burger was one of the best I have ever eaten, especially in an airport. They have a lot of custom burgers on the menu, but I decided to start with something really simple:   the basic burger with mozzarella cheese, cooked medium.    What arrived about 10 minutes later was a stunning masterpiece of flavor -- perfectly cooked burger topped with a massive amount of mozzarella cheese.    I opted for the tater tots (nice and crunchy), and somehow managed to finish everything.    With a menu like the one they have, I will definitely be back.
4	I booked a red eye connecting flight , I had been up since 3am, and by the time I landed in Charlotte, it was 9am and my circadian rhythms were telling me it was lunch and I wanted chicken wings. Minutes prior to connection:28 minutes- I was starving, went to Big Daddy's and told the waitress about my morning chicken wing fixation, and she told me that she would check with her manager since wings aren't normally on the breakfast menu. 27 minutes- she came back and sweetly told me that the buffalo sauce wasn't prepared, but they would be happy to prepare naked wings with hot sauce on the side. Go for it, and by the way, my flight is boarding in 13 minutes. 23 minutes- naked wings no hot sauce. oops, says waitress, they forgot hot sauce!22 minutes- hot sauce appears, can I have the check?21 minutes- check in hand, here's my credit card. Were the wings good? Yes, thanks (medium size, piping hot, well seasoned, crispy)20 minutes- here's the receipt, thanks for stopping by. No, thank you for accommodating me! Scribble tip and signature and run to my gate, which is boarding. Wow, she even gave some wetnaps for the road!17 minutes- at gate, boarding, I have 30 seconds to wash my hands and not make my neighbor hungry15 minutes- I'm the last straggler at the gate, door closes. Nap ensues from food coma.And that, my friend, is how waitresses earn a 50%+ tip.
4	I hardly ever eat at restaurants in airports due to bland food and ridiculous (even for a per diem traveler) prices.I had a 90 minute layover recently on a trip to Canton Ohio and decided to get food before landing in Cleveland later that night due to the late hour.As others have mentioned this location is very small and tight (can barely roll your roller bag through to get to seat)but the service was very efficient on the evening I was there and I was greeted and  seated within 3 minutes of arrival.The menu looked very appetizing and there were a number of good salad and burger options.I ordered a Black Bean burger that not only was tasty and original but the fries (I love French Fries) were VERY VERY good. As a matter of fact in all my travels the only place I can think of that has better fries in the USA is Falafel's Drive In in San Jose.I was so full after my decently priced meal that I slept all the way to wonderful Cleveland (God I hate traveling back east in the winter...that is why I moved to Phoenix to get away from snow yet I have to keep going back for clients in the Northeast in the dead of winter...cant complain though, those clients are great and good for business and I appreciate them) and vividly remember this meal as the highlight of this weeks trip.I know that it is sad that a burger joint in an airport is the highlight of a business trip but hey business travel is all glamor right...
4	Conveniently halfway along the C concourse, well lit, lots of TVs with good sight lines to each. Pleasant, helpful an enthusiastic staff. "Bacon burger on steroids" was excellent despite the dubious name, with a rich smokey sauce and fries that held their shape and texture well.
4	Great burger!
2	With a trendy name like Bad Daddy's Burger Bar, I was expecting a bad ass twist on the American burger or at least a darn good burger. The food was just barely ok and for the price I am disappointed. The burger was dry and the onion straws were soggy.
1	AHHH this place is so bad. All the times I have to be in this miserable airport I've seen this place, usually packed. I was able to sit down and try them out for breakfast last flight I took to Boston.Breakfast was awful.  Their ingredients are not fresh. I was pained while trying to finish my food.  Bloody Mary horribly made.The decorations don't make up for food quality. Don't kid yourselves. On another note... it is airport food. I shouldn't have expected any better.
4	Good sides. Better burger!
4	The place was almost closing, we were starving! The manager was kind enough to let them seat us. Never have I ever finished such a huge burger! The sweet potato fries and dipping sauce were killer!! I am so excited that my hometown will now have our own Bad daddy's, so fresh, prepared with care. My group and I were silent during our meal just enjoying each bite!
1	After two previous bad experiences I made the mistake at going back for a third time.  I sat at a table for 15 minutes and no one waited on me.  They are always under staffed, the customer service skills are severely lacking and when I simply asked a passing waiter if I could place an order I got the response "I will try to find your waiter."  The next time she was walking towards me and our eyes met she actually stopped turned around and walked the other way.  This place is always crowded yet they have no idea to staff appropriately or teach customer service skills.  I travel through the airport twice a week, every week, and there will be no future visits to this place.
4	Great burgers.  The burger menu is a little odd so you may have to build your own.  Get that tator tots, they were bad ass!
4	This is the other of the two best restaurants in the Charlotte airport. Burgers, burgers, burgers! Grilled meat with cheese and stuff! It's called "Burger Bar" so don't waste your time coming here for scrambled eggs or a salad. You're a carnivore. Eat like it!So I got to the airport on time but my flight was cancelled. The replacement flight gave me an extra hour of time. Bad Daddy's it is! I chose the burger in the picture - topped with onion straws and jalapeno bacon and pepper jack cheese. It was AMAZEBALLS. I've had better, but not that much better. My only complaint was that they say it's topped with lettuce and tomato, but that's a bit of an exaggeration. One thin slice of tomato and some lettuce that's more like a garnish does not make for a proper topping.The fries came with a tangy spicy sauce and I poured some of that on the burger as well. Very messy, very good.If you're spending any time at the Charlotte airport, hit this place. It's on Concourse C. Everything in CLT is connected and you can get from one concourse to another without having to go through security. You have no excuse!
4	Very good burger cooked exactly like I ordered, on a good roll with fresh toppings. The house slaw is chunky, has a lot of flavor and a little kick, exactly how slaw should be. There was a little bit of a wait on take out, bit they were slammed. Service was with a smile and "sorry for the wait". Overall, much better than the majority of airport restaurants and even hotel restaurants. It is pricey, but they have to pay the outrageous airport rents and royalties...
2	Maybe I didn't order the right things, but the crispy buffalo wings were terrible. They were super small and over cooked... I guess that's why it's crispy? Also the fried pickles were so salty, it was good if you just had one. Then the sweet tea... I guess it was a south thing, but it was the most sugar filled drink and after a sip I asked for the unsweetened. My husband ordered a burger with BBQ and tots. Burger was well done after he asked for it medium, but for me it was good. It came with fries when he asked for tots and 10 mins the tots came and they were over cooked. It tasted like a ball of grease. Disappointing to say the least.
3	I really wanted to like this place.  It's got the atmosphere I like as well as a menu I like.  It's my type of place.  Truth is, service was good, the food was decent, and I wasn't unhappy here.  But the burger was a bit of a letdown.  And the reason was that they served it on a shriveled and wrinkled roll, which actually made the roll taste rather stale.  (Picture is on Yelp for the record)But the rest of the food was good.  That burger would have been pretty good had it been served properly.  And I loved the tater tots with the dipping sauce.  I saw other burgers served that had better rolls.  I don't know why the kitchen chose to give me the runt of the litter.  That's the way it goes I guess.  If I was in the airport again, I'd give them another chance to make up for it.  But it is what it is.
4	Tater tots and a couple of beers...right in the middle of being insanely packed.  Five minutes tops!  I couldn't have been more impressed with the speed of the service here.  The tater tots and cold ones were great.  The amount of space...fairly cramped.  I would give Bad Daddy's another go if I was down this concourse again.
3	Bad Daddy's is pretty bad, a 'good' bad that is =).  Great atmosphere and excellent service.  It's always packed every single time I come through Charlotte-Douglas Int'l Airport.Was greeted immediately and led to a table.  Pleasant service and good ambiance to kill some time and fill that hungry tummy.  Service was fast and food came out briskly after I ordered.The Bacon Cheeseburger was excellent!  But why give it 3 stars?!?! Even though the food came out quickly, someway, somehow, the food was COLD. I have no idea why but it was cold.  Due to the short layover time and just cannot missed the next flight, I downed it like a champ!  The bun was cold along with the cold fixins' didn't help either.  But the first thing I put in my mouth was the side of sweet potato fries...first bite...dissapointment...again...It was COLD.  The burger had everything a burger enthusiast wants.  Meat, bacon, cheese, more bacon, and the regular fixins,' oh, and MORE bacon...6 slices to be exact!  I added an overeasy egg and some avocado to top it off.  The combinations of flavors were good and the meat patty was cooked to order, not any rarer or well done.   Sweet potato fries were seasoned nicely and came with a side dip of chipotle ranch.  It actually is a decent place to eat and the portions are excellent for an airport establishment.  Hope the next time I give it another chance and the food comes out a bit warmer...
2	Excuse the stereotype, but Damn the chicken wings were so small as a black man ordering chicken (my credentials) I felt almost insulted. Or is it some sort of conspiracy to limit the amount of time black people spend here by having the tiniest of tiny chicken wings !?!!!? The beer was good though lol ...that is all
4	For an airport eatery this is above par, hense the 4 stars. Decent medium well cooked burger with slaw. Would be a 3 star outside of an airport though.
4	Defintely have to agree this is one of the better airport eateries.  It has a wife variety of tasty burgers, and they are cooked very well.  I am also a sucker for their sweet potato fries,  which I would go back just for them!  As usually the beer and liquor drinks are very expensive (but it always is at airports).  I would advice not to get their apple pie "a la mode" it was disappointing.  The ice cream was soft serve which is fine but it just didn't taste like "real" soft served ice cream, and their apple pie was just alright.  The service and wait staff is above average and rather attentive.  I would defintely go back for the sweet potato fries, and burgers! yum yum good! Enjoy!
4	This is my most favorite airport dining spot in the USAirways system, and my number two or three in any airport I travel to.Pros:  Quick service.  Amazing veggie burger (it's the Cantina Burger).  Countless topping options to customize your burger.  Piping hot and perfectly crispy tater tots.  Ice cold PBR tallboys.Cons:  Uh, they're always busy?
4	Please note - this is 4 stars in airport restaurant world. It's clean, service is pretty fast, and the food is good. They have the best fried pickles and tater tots!  If I have a layover in CLT, I normally try to stop here for a quick bite!
2	The food is pretty good here, but the service is consistently horrible. I ordered the Catalina 1511 burger which was very good, except it was ice cold when they brought it too me. Every time I eat here, even when ordering regular beef type burgers, it is cold when it arrives. The flavor of the food is great, but service is usually bad, and was so on this occasion.
3	Was excited to see a Bad Daddy's in the airport terminal and finally had a chance before one of my flights out to try it out.  The menu is pretty much the same as the regular Bad Daddy's locations, but I did notice some missing items (which was expected for a satellite airport location).  Not as many varieties of delicious burgers, but you can definitely still find something to eat here.The hostess... was a bit tired, you could tell by the way she was slumped over the greeter's podium when I walked up.  She looked at me like "what are you here for..." and definitely did not start my experience on a good foot.  Eventually she figured out that I was there to eat and I just needed a table for 1 (after I told her)... most of the tables were filled up so I sat at the window where they have a ledge and bar stools for singles (smart set up for airports).What the hostess lacked, my server made up for it by being friendly and prompt.  I got my black bean burger and tots... and most importantly my beer.  They didn't have much on tap, but they had bottles as well.  Burger was just as good as any of the other locations with the tots nice and crisp.Airport prices here, but I still thought it was worth it once I got over the bad start to my lunch experience.
2	Bloody Mary isn't great and costs $15. Save your money!!!!!
4	Enjoyed a delicious quick meal here on my last trip trough CLT. The patty melt, sweet potato fries, and large beer were served quickly.
2	Airport beer is supposed to be expensive.  I know this.  It is not supposed to be gouge your eyeballs out expensive, however.  I noticed there were no beer prices on the menu - but saw a 24 oz PBR on there and figured - what's the worst that can happen..... $4?  Maybe $5?  Wish I had asked.  This everyman beer staple can be had at your local grocer for $1.19, and Bad Daddy's is charging $7.50 for a 24 oz CAN of PBR.  Come on.  Almost as bad they charge $10 for a 20 oz draft beer.  Make sure you ask for the beer prices if you happen to stop here for a drink.  I'm fine with getting ripped off to the tune of $6.50 for a pint of craft beer in an airport - I understand that's how it works.  $10 for 20 oz draft and $7.50 for a 24 oz can of PBR is straight up redonk.
3	Great atmosphere! The "hostess" did not say a word to me....She is clearly MISERABLE!!! Waiter was nice though.
3	So you're in the airport therefor you have limited meal choices.  Well Bad Daddy's is A-OK for sure.  I'm not a huge fan of anything on their menu but I know they will try hard to have decent beer and their salads are always plentiful.  The downside here is the place tends to stay packed so service can be a bit spotty so keep that in mind if you are looking for a quick bite.  You may want to head elsewhere.  Service is super friendly, just busy.
4	After a day of travel that consisted of dead end after dead end, the burger bar was the perfect haven. Our server greeted us quickly and so did our drinks! We started off with the garlic wings that come with a peanut soy dipping sauce, DELISH. I then stuck with a basic burger with pepperjack cheese, bad daddy sauce and sweet potato fries. Amazing. My burger was cooked just as I had asked. My boyfriend ordered the bacon cheeseburger on steroids. Yes, that's what it's really called. This would probably be a must for any bacon lover. Why? Because it comes with three different kinds of bacon. Overall, I would definitely go back. If you find yourself hungry in the Charlotte airport stop here for a satisfying meal!
2	I was disappointed.  Even for an airport restaurant.  I felt like I was forever waiting for something here first and foremost.  My bartender, who wasn't rude, but wasn't Mr. Personality either, seemed at times to be overworked.  But now that I think about it, did he really need to go get that beer keg in the middle of making my spiked milkshake?  Probably not, but I don't know.    This happened time and time again during my time here.  My black bean burger was tasty, and I loved the consistency, BUT it completely fell apart as soon as I bit into it.  Therefore, I was the freak eating my burger with a fork and knife.  It just didn't taste the same...probably because everyone was staring at me.  The regular French Fries left something to be desired.  Also, I had read in another review that this was fairly inexpensive, that was not the case here.  My spiked shake was $13.00, here I was thinking that it was seven, but no, that was the regular shake with no alcohol.  It was delicious, but not $13.00 delicious.  I am going to stop typing now, because as I write this I am starting to get angry and will change my star rating to one.
3	I am a burger aficionado. When I saw Bad Daddy's in the airport and not being from the area, I was immediately intrigued and had to try it.My favorite burger chain is Five Guys. They are the gold standard for chain hamburgers in my opinion. Please keep in mind this review is for the Bad Daddy's burger only. I have no opinion on anything else. The service, the sides, etc.I ordred the 'basic burger'. It's a single patty and comes with leafy green lettuce, tomato and onion on a standard white bun. I added american cheese. I figured this was the best option to get an idea of whether these guys are for real or not.Standing at the take out window (cute as it's in the airport) the smell of caramelized beef wafted out of the kitchen. This encouraged me. That's the same smell that engulfs one upon a visit to the burger mecca, Five Guys.Although the restaurant was very busy the burger arrived in a short 7 minutes.I'll cut to the chase and spill the beans... Five Guys has nothing to worry about. A great hamburger is all about the beef and this is where Bad Daddy's fell short. I ordered it cooked medium. It did indeed arrive medium. But the patty had little flavor. This despite having a nice caramelized crust on both sides. On top of having no flavor, it was also a tad chewy. Bad Daddy's claims to use a "custom" fresh ground beef blend. They could've fooled me. The burger tasted of frozen, low quality beef to my finely tuned taste buds. I did like the bun, cheese, lettuce, and thick slice of tomato. But it wasn't enough to save the lackluster patty.So, to sum up: The Bad Daddy's burger is ok, and will do in a pinch. But if you are looking for burger nirvana, look elsewhere.
3	Burgers are good but the service is bad even for airport standards.  Do not be in any hurry if you go there....12 minutes to get a water after ordering a burger.
4	Love this place - great burgers - best of any airport I have been to.  When in Charlotte Airport, which I am in a bunch becasue I fly US Air, this is my go to spot.You will notice this restaurant in the wing becasue it is almost always busy.  Expect to wait or cozy up really close to someone at the bar.  The interior is whimsiaclly decorated with old comic books, posters and ample TV's.  For those on the run, they have a quick service counter to the left of the opening.  Music is not overpowering.The menu is all burger bar with very few salads.  For those that don't eat cow there are other options like turkey burgers and chicken burgers.  Their are a number of composed burgers with ingredients based on theme.  For those that like to build there burger there are a plethora of options from white cheddar to applewood bacon to fried eggs. I have never had a bad meal here even if I was eating a turkey burger.  You can even eat paleo here becasue of all the options.  I will say the only dissapointment are the fries.  That not withstanding, it is always a safe and quite tqasty bet in the airport.Until by next flying gastronomic escapade, dine fine.
5	I had a great meal here on my recent trip through Charlotte. Both my husband and I ordered burgers. I had the sweet potato fries. Everything was delicious. I am particularly a fan of the number of sauces they have. I also got a blood mary and it was delicious. It is very easy to ruin a bloody mary and this one was top notch. I will definitely be back on my next visit to/through Charlotte.
3	Day Two (and final) of my non-beef burger binge closed with a bite at Bad Daddy's.The Frenchie has such promise: a very salty turkey patty covered in oozing brie, sliced apples, applewood smoked bacon, garlic mayo and the phone number of a local cardiologist. This is supposed to feel healthier, ain't it? The flavors work, remarkably well, and I wolfed down the 'wich faster than Albert Camus' literary protagonist's descent in to madness. (L'Etranger reference +1)Three cheers for the slaw, which held a hefty dose of caraway seed (?) and a proper crunch. One cheer for noticing the seeds in the apple slices before taking a bite -- there were a bunch. Service was on point at first, then steadily waned as the meal progressed. Had to chase down the server for a check. I'd order the Frenchie again, but wouldn't necessarily clear a path to Bad Daddy's. Then again, it's an airport, and A-OK may be tough to come by.
3	The burger is not the best, but it is one of the most decent place in the airport. The relish condiment is good, and so is the sweet potato fries. I also had the strawberry milkshake which was thick and lotsa strawberry flavor in it - as expected for a milkshake.
4	Do not get the grilled onions..They were very rubbery. Over priced, but you cant find anything that isn't in an aiport. Great fries. Overall it was a good little burger joint.
3	Not too shabby for an Airport rest stop.  Properly cooked, hot, not just warm, and juicy burger, with crisp lettuce and a fresh bun on top. The fries, well they could be better, but this burger is not bad, not bad at all.Solid B, for Burger,
4	Wow.  What a refreshing addition to the CLT airport cuisine. Burgers fresh and cooked to perfection and ice cold beer. Nice.
2	Found a nice spot at the end of the bar. Perfect since I was alone. Ordered a Bloody Mary which was very good. The male bartender was very attentive. Here comes a waitress/bartender and asked me to move to the other side of the bar between 2 very large men. Apparently the couple sitting along the window in what the waitress said "uncomfortable seats" since they were metal wanted move up to the bar. I made the move paid my tab and left. She really made me uncomfortable!
4	One thing I don't like about Charlotte Douglas Airport are the dining options.  You have Chilis Too and Taquileria in the Atrium, and then if you're flying out of C you have Bad Daddy's or Philips Seafood.  Of those options this is the place I choose to eat.  I haven't been back to Chilis Too or Taquileria since this place opened.  I get the popeye for breakfast and have a good start to my trip.  To go service was slow a couple times when I used it.  I had 15 minutes before I was boarding at the gate next door and got my food with about 2 minutes to spare.  It was hot and fresh, but still seemed to take longer than an omelet should.I don't fly out of C very often at lunch time and it's not good enough to walk across the airport just to eat here, but for lunch it is a toss up between Philips Seafood or here.
4	Kick off to vacation - I wanted a burger and a beer. Definitely not bad for an airport locale!They had a good fucking burger, paired with a couple cans of a local brewery on hand (NoDa Brewing). Not the best fries in the world, but they were that perfect temp when it was chilly outside the airport.Order the western burger - has a great kick!
4	Very good Greek salad and chicken tortilla soup.  Much better option than chilli's and other airport restaurants.  I will eat here again.
2	I used to be a fan but now I am not.  I think I just had my last visit to Bad Daddy's because the competition is flooding in and they are not holding their own in my opinion. I've been here a handful of times and used to rave about it but something has changed the last couple visits.  The meat isn't as hearty, the fries aren't as crispy, the shakes aren't as creamy.  I don't know...just overall a couple notches down in terms of quality.I tried the mamma ricotta burger this weekend and the pesto sauce was good, the mozzarella was good but the burger itself was weak.  Even the tomatoes were weak!  They were supposed to be roma and they were not!  But back to the burger...it was limp, it was super bright pink on the inside and it was about as thick as a McDonald's burger.  What the heck happened?  It was juicy in some regards but it was also more so dripping grease than flavor.  Others at my table tried the turkey burger and just a classic burger and they seemed to enjoy their choices just fine.The fries are small, stringy and greasy so nothing special there...the sweet potato fries are pretty good but that's to be expected.  We ordered the banana pudding and a peanut butter and chocolate milkshake for the table and they were okay but not amazing.  I personally thoroughly enjoyed the banana pudding but others felt it was too sweet.  The milkshake was just boring and too frozen.  It was like ice cream served in a glass.  I couldn't taste the peanut butter in it.  Overall, it just was not that impressive.  The servers were friendly and the atmosphere is fun as always but I just think the quality was suffering for this visit.  I could be persuaded otherwise but giving them a break for now.
2	Well, this was definitely the worst meal I had on vacation. We ordered the texican chicken salad (lettuce, fried chicken, cilantro, onion, tomato, black beans, tortilla strips & corn with chipotle ranch dressing) and the fried pickles. The salad was bland and the lackluster dressing hardly added anything to it. In stark contrast, the fried pickles were SO salty, I couldn't finish them. Seriously, this may have been the saltiest food I've ever had. If the U.S. suddenly institutes a draft and you need to evade it, grab an order of these for a severe spike in your blood pressure. Otherwise, there is no reason to order these. We did have some pretty good local beer - I tried the Noda Jam Session, which was a pale ale with strong hops and a pretty cool hipstery can. Beer aside, I left here a sad daddy.* =(*Admittedly I am no one's father, but I was still sad.
2	Had a layover, was craving a cheeseburger, so I thought this would be the perfect place!I put in my name, waited 5-10 minutes. The hostesses were giggling and did not seem to care much about customer service. They did not make much eye contact or smile, and seemed to have a bit of an attitude.When I was sat down, took another 5-10 minutes for my server to take my order. I ordered the frenchie (turkey burger). It took another 15-20 minutes to come out. The food was pretty good, but the wait time was way too long (especially for an airport). My server did not come check on me, so I had to get up and grab some silverware myself. My check took another 5-10 minutes after I requested it while eating.While eating, I noticed probably 80% of the servers did not look happy at all. Not a typical "stressed-cause-it's-busy" look, but really a "I-hate-this-place" look. Does not make a pleasant atmosphere when everyone has attitude.The tables were also crammed very close to each other. The atmosphere overall was really, even for an airport. Very loud in there.I would not return. It is 2 stars and not 1 because I usually just give 1 star if the food is inedible...and the actual food was pretty good, although messy.
3	Had a layover at Charlotte's airport so my husband and I decided to stop here for a beer and a burger for dinner.  The beers were nice and cold and LARGE!   That was nice...it all went downhill when I ordered the "Frenchie" which is the turkey burger with brie, bacon, grilled apples and mayo.  What arrived was a burger with brie and bacon. The waiter forgot to tell me they were out of apples.  No big deal...until I take a bite.  When I say this turkey burger tasted like Alpo dog food, I am not exaggerating.  It was downright awful and I couldn't eat any more.  I noshed on some sweet potato fries and drank my beer. Will try this place again but will definitely NOT order the Frenchie.
4	Good breakfast.  Standard fare, but reasonable well prepared.  Service lacks.I had eggs with cheese, nice thick bacon potatoes, toast coffee.  Ice in OJ was a negative as was service, never came to check and they didn't put butter, and then took too long to come back for check.  Left cash, waitress missed out on a larger tip.
3	My first burger & tots came out like warmer. Manager was passing by & corrected swiftly and I was happily eating a hot burger.  Medium-rare and it was excellent. Nothing like smash burger but pretty darn good for an airport burger.
3	The food was just ok. I would not order a patty melt in the future as came out cold and not very appetizing. They were swamped and the waiter tried his best.
2	Food is ok, same as the service.  I fly into CLT at least twice a month and every time I walk by this place since it's been open it has that wet moldy towell smell.  I have been going thru this airport for years since I fly US Airways so I always have a connection.  Anyone reading this and thinks I'm just another crazy A-hole ranting on about nothing, just walk by and you will know exactly what I mean.  The only place like it is Gladstone's in terminal 3 of LAX.  I don't know what in hell it is but it's definitely not appealing.  The Sushi bar in the middle of the terminal is ten times better and doesn't smell like wet crap.
4	Was en route to a meeting and had a layover here, place looked jazzy so I stopped in despite the reviews. I had a great experience. They do have expensive food, but I had a great waiter, great beer, and a awesome burger. Their sides are gigantic, much like their burgers, and delicious. Big enough to share honesty. It was noisy, and crowded but had a nice "dive" feel to it. I will be back next time I am running through.
3	Not really very impressed. By nature, airports offer incredibly expensive food and drinks, so I wasn't necessarily surprised by the cost--but I guess I expected it to be better given the crowd that was inside. I can't remember what it was called, but I ordered a burger with jalapeno bacon and pepperjack cheese, and it would have been tastier if the bottom bun wasn't soaked with grease and terribly soggy. My order of french fries were 60% french fries, and 40% tater tots. Lazy cook! For two burgers, it was more than $32.00. I guess they're not at risk of going anywhere anytime soon though because that's kind of the standard in an airport. In the real world, I don't think the novelty environment would allow them to survive beyond the quality of the food. Again, wasn't awful, but the few things they blew it with were just enough to kill the overall experience for us. Could be much better with just a little bit more attention to detail!
4	Very good hotdogs
4	After a week in Costa Rica we were in serious need of some good american food.  First off service was great with a few suggestions provided when asked.  Cold shock top on draft with tasty fried pickles was a great way to start the meal.  My wife had their bean burger which she said was very good. I had the burger with pastrami and it was delicious.  Pastrami was nice and thin which provided for great flavor and did not overwhelm the burger. The burger itself was tasty with good flavor.  I like it was seasoned as most burger joints leave it all to the toppings. We both had tater tots which were okay.  They could have been better as it appeared that the grease was due for a change out.  Overall this was a great experience, especially for airport food.
2	Being from Charlotte originally, I always look forward to getting great food when I am back.  I love the other Bad Daddy's locations (Dilworth and Huntersville).  I was excited about the airport location for those visits to Charlotte when I just don't have time to go to one of the other locations.  However, this location is not anywhere near as good.  I knew as I placed my take-out order that it would require a wait time of about 15-20 minutes...which is fair enough to wait for a good burger.  I ordered the southern burger as chili on the burger is something I can't find in Cayman.  After waiting the 15-20 minutes and then getting to the gate, I was largely disappointed to find that they had given me a burger with only cheese and mustard.  I rushed back to the take-out to let them know that it was missing the chili.  The girl working the take-out counter did not seem to care much about customer service. She seemed to have a bit of an attitude and didn't listen well when I was telling her the problem so it took a few minutes for her to address it.  She was able to give me a little cup of chili to go to add to my burger.  I had ordered the burger medium and it came out well-done.  Although the burger still tasted excellent, it was not the high quality of the other locations. Bojangles in the airport is much better than this.
3	On my way home from business trip, during a layover in Charlotte stopped here.  Obviously when you are eating in an airport, you take what you can get I suppose. Nevertheless I was pleasantly surprised by this odd little Burger joint, most especially by its drinks, alcoholic frozen beverages, in my case cookies and cream. My burger was OK my peers had a crazy bacon laced, baconaise topped monster they enjoyed,but the drinks were the highlight of the experience.
4	Four Stars for a place in an airport. Yes. Every once in a while I get a 2 hour or more break between flight so I get to sit down and eat. Usually in Charlotte I go to Carolina BBQ or Bojangles. They are fast and easy to eat once your flying. And also tasty but average. Anyway back to the burger. Decent bun. Good size patty. About 1/3 pound. Got cheddar and bacon with mushrooms. Asked for medium rare and got it medium rare. And to the person whose bottom bun was soggy. That's what you get with a good juicy not overcooked burger. The fries were a bit to the cold side but they were still good. Price. It was $16 with a drink and tax but what do you expect for a sit down place with a wait staff. So add tip to that as well. It's not BK or Mc Ds. You have to pay if you want good food. To me it was worth  the $20.
1	Horrible food. I ordered the turkey burger what i thought would be juicy and round. What i got was a dried burger, non season, made with old meat!!. I complained and exchanged it for their chicken burger, bad idea!! The chicken burger was 80% bread and 20% chicken, no flavor. After all that the manager recommend the beef burgers because they are the best thing on the menu. Really you tell me this now. My waitress tried her best and was very attentive.
2	Basic Burger patty was frozen (medium well was gray and hot, but still squishy. Know what I mean?).  Stopped in between flights at 7pm. Fries were cold. Come on, guys!!  I'll gladly pay, especially when trapped in an airport, an extra buck for hot fries. Throw them out, for Pete's sake, when they time out!  But the beer was good (can't mess that up) and the view against the window of ground ops at C6 is worth it!  So go, but pay for the premium patty.
4	Left my Mexican paradise On a big vehicle that flies.Back to Tucson and my personal fortBut first a stop in Charlotte's airport.Had a burger earlier from the Cozumel airport food crewSo all I really wanted was a cold and tasty brew.Found Bad Daddy's and enjoyed a Blue MoonMaybe I had two on this rainy day in June.What a great way to spend a layover, drinking and watching the World Cup.If ever back this way I'll stop in again to say, Hey Bad Daddy, What's up?
1	EMPLOYEES GO AWOL AND LEAVE CUSTOMERS HANGING. 40 MINUTE WAIT FOR A BURGER. Employees were coming in and out of side door to talk with their friends. They were having great time while customers were waiting. They got the order messed up and then had to wAit 40 minutes for a to go burger. Management please do something!
4	I got seated straight away. The waitress brought me a glass of wine, a soda and water in seconds flat. My burger came out is a reasonable amount of time and was cooked as requested. My empty soda glass was refilled as soon as it hit the table. Decent prices for an airport!
4	If I'm waiting for a layover (or just leaving) CLT and I'm on US Airways in Terminal C, this is my restaurant of choice.  The food is better if you sit for table service, but at least they have a fairly quick (15 minute - 20 minute during rush time) if you do the take-out window.  They have a some good burger choices.  The chicken burger options are good too.  Between the fries, sweet potato fries, and tots; I would recommend you go with either the sweet potato or tots.The burgers are pricier than other burger options in the airport, but I find the quality better for the turnaround time than going to a Burger King, etc.  The price with a soft drink and fries is usually in the $16 - $20 range, and for the type of meal in the airport isn't outrageous.The wait staff seems somewhat distant but I'm usually stuck flying late afternoon so I don't expect the most cheerful people.  The reason to eat here is the burgers.  They do have a bar so if you have more time to kill and aren't urgently trying to make a flight I recommend you dine in for a better burger
2	This is only about their chili.Worst chili ever. I was so under whelmed that I couldn't wait to write a review. This review is only for the chili. Looked great but that first bite was just terrible. It was so salty but sweet at the same time. It seems like they just opened a can of ketchup, put some beans and meat into it and called it a day.  I had a short stop and just wanted to grab something quick, should've grabbed a sandwich somewhere else instead. The experience of ordering (take out) wasn't great either. Right outside it smelled really foul, like a dirty bathroom but it's not coming from the bathroom. A flight attendant walked by and was asking her collegue "Why does it always smell so bad here?" There are many more options and they all cost about the same. Next time I'll know to try somewhere else.
1	For as many people walking around in a uniform, it's nearly impossible to find a server. I sat for 10 minutes ungreeted and this is an AIRPORT!! Speed is important!! Fellow patrons had to band together to get a server's attention. Salad was good. BTW, when did it become the norm to not have water offered?
1	This place is disgusting! I sent food back for the first time in my life and had it replaced by something else entirely and the new dish was disgusting. They still charged me for it. Way over priced garbage!
2	As I sit at the front counter enjoying my view of the men's room and sipping my fantastically overpriced glass of Room temperature red wine, using the Tropic of Capricorn for the room temperature standard I woefully bat my eyes at multiple waitrons hoping one will take pity and  humor me by taking my order. Now granted I'm shoved into a corner like Baby would have never accepted but I'm desperately hungry and pickings are slim in terminal C. Thinking 45 min is plenty of time to order a burger and choke it down before I fly away was a pipe dream of gargantuan proportions. My up charged ($5) Kobe burger alas was boxed for cold consumption aloft to the chagrin of my seat mates. But they wouldn't box my million dollar hot grape juice to complete the awesome take away adventure.
3	Ordered the turkey burger with sweet pot fries and it was pretty good. Wanted to try them out and their spiked shakes because I got a shake on my last layover. For $7, I was impressed with the size. But I was not happy about the spiked shake. So much for wanting one. It cost more than my burger and fries. For $13.50, I need more shake and a little more alcohol. Don't get sucked in, proceed with caution.
4	This is a funky, on the run kind of place for bar food.  But the sweet potato fries were great, and the black bean burger - though small - was very tasty with a moist texture.  The bloody Mary was a steep $13.95, but when requested to be "spicy" - wooHoo - it could have arrived with a fireman's escort.  Loved it.  The tables are close enough to each other that no one is a stranger.  Frankly, that's a good thing too.  Say hello to somebody once in a while, y'all.  It can warm your soul as easily as a Bloody Mary can stoke your insides.
3	Bad Daddy's seems to have no pretensions of being anything other than a place to quickly scarf a burger as you're waiting on a flight. Nevertheless, I felt compelled to review them as their food was actually pretty damn tasty. I got the Southern burger with chili, cole slaw, mustard, and relish. Cooked far beyond the medium-rare that I requested, but it was still much better than I had expected. Couldn't even come close to finishing the seemingly bottomless bowl of tater tots, but those were good as well, particularly with the dipping sauce.Beyond the food, the service was efficient, which is paramount in airport restaurants. No complaints at all. Too bad I don't pass through Charlotte more often.
4	This is not a five star restaurant, it's a burger place...in an airport. I eat in airports often and as airport food goes this is one of the better choices, especially in CLT. This is bar none the best breakfast at the CLT airport, get an omelette, it's what they do well. My favorite is bacon, avocado and jack cheese, have them bring you an extra side of salsa . For lunch/dinner I have had the bacon cheddar burger, I get mine with no bun and a salad instead of the bun and they are very accommodating every single time I ask. I have also had the Stellas Greek salad and the Texican chicken salad, both were good. I like the burger best though honestly. I almost always sit at the bar and the service is always prompt and courteous. The prices are high, yes, yes they are, they are high at every airport restaurant, this is no exception.
4	Oooh yeah, bad daddy. Wait a second, this isn't the start of Alex L's erotica writings. Lucky you.Apparently this is a newish chain of restaurants throughout NC, SC and Denver. I was lucky enough to run into it during a transfer at the Charlotte Douglas Airport. I needed an excuse to eat like a bad daddy (this is killing me) and lucky for me...it was Cheeseburger Day. I needed to seduce my wife, who is a pescetarian to indulge in a burger with me. Even the strictest pescetarian (auto correct wants to make this proletariat which would also be an accurate statement) can't resist bad daddy's allure of a juicy burger and she proved to be no exception. "OK, just don't tell the whole Internet."So we sat down, were handed a menu and both of us ironically fixated upon the vegetarian option which looked most appealing. It was a black bean burger with avocado, onions and some jalapenos. I asked our server about it and he suggested subbing the black bean veggie patty with a juicy meaty burger. My kind of guy! So I did and asked for it to be cooked medium. He warned me that it would still be pink in the middle which was purrrrfect.My wife stuck with the vegetarian option, but made me promise to let her take a bite of mine. No problemo. I loved the fact that the burger came with a choice of fries, tater tots or coleslaw. I went with the tots. The burgers came out within 5-10 minutes, which is impressive since it was a pretty full bar / restaurant, but I guess they gotta keep it speedy at the airport.I loved it. The bread was high quality, fluffy and the burger was cooked perfectly medium, which many restaurants seem to fail at. It was served with a side of sauce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and lettuce with avocado and onions on the base of it. The flavors came together wonderfully and the meat was seasoned very well. My wife and I exchanged bites and I loved her vegetarian patty and she seemed to enjoy the sinful delicious bite of my burger, breaking her normally pescetarian diet. "You're not going to tell the whole Internet, right honey?" "This will be our little secret." We exchanged a sultry look while continuing to chow down. The tater tots were fantasimal as well -- crispy, crunchy and delicious. Her coleslaw tasted fresh and healthy.Entertainment was plentiful as a burner sat down a few tables away from us and attempted to engage in conversation with the beautiful single girl who was sitting  at a table next to us. He was trying to impress said girl with his burning man adventures and we listened with glee placing bets on whether or not he would try to get her # at the end of the conversation (he gave her a business card instead).Final verdict: delicious burgers at an airport. Prices are very reasonable for the airport ~10-12 a burger (you can substitute Kobe beef for an extra $5 if you want). I suggest getting the black bean burger but subbing the black bean patty with a juicy meaty patty.
3	On our way back to Philly from Michigan, the GF and I had a layover at Charlotte Douglas International in North Carolina. We were also in the mood for burgers so decided to check out Bad Daddy's Burger Bar.Cookies n Cream Spiked Milkshake [$13.49]Vodka, Kahlua, Baileys, Oreo cookiesWe decided to share one of the spiked milkshakes, which was a creamy mix of Oreo cookies and Kahlua and Baileys which always goes well together. You could get a faint whiff of the vodka, but the cookies and cream was definitely at the forefront. Not bad at all.Fried Pickles [$8.29]Sliced dill pickles, lightly breaded, ranch dressingAnd if fried pickles are on the menu, it's probably going to be ordered. These were delicious. Briny - almost to a fault - these were deftly fried and rendered crisp. The ranch dressing offered some respite from the salt at first, but to be honest, brought it over the top. But perhaps I was complaining because I knew what was to come for me. Chicken Club Burger [$10.99]The GF went with a ground chicken club burger, which came with the addition of ham, bacon, and cheese. The burger itself was moist and well-seasoned. The ham was a bit much, but who can say no to bacon.Onion StrawsChipotle ranch dipping sauceShe opted for the onion straws, which were delicious, but added to the heavy nature of this particular meal. It came with a chipotle ranch dipping sauce, which again initially tempered the salt and grease, but really brought it over the top.Bacon Cheeseburger on Steroids [$13.49]Burger, 3 pieces of jalapeno bacon, 3 pieces of applewood smoked bacon, Monterey Jack, Baconnaise, shredded lettuce, tomatoes, onion, pickleAnd what exactly was I 'concerned' about? I had to get the bacon cheeseburger on steroids - replete with 6 slices of jalapeno and applewood smoked bacon. Baconnaise added to this calorie bomb, with the grease of the burger and bacon resulting in a soggy bottom bun. And first few bites were delicious, the burger itself was overpowered and even I couldn't finish this. Needless to say, I was drinking lots of water for the rest of the day.Tater TotsBad Daddy's sauceI went with tater tots and couldn't help but enjoy these childhood favorites - crisp on the outside and creamy within, these were on point. So if you're looking for a light meal during a layover, do not head to Bad Daddy's. But if you're looking to satiate an urge for mounds of bacon and grease, look no further - they've got you covered, and then some.
3	Decent burger but Antonio at the window is a first class a-hat. The fact this guy hasn't been fired tells you management is asleep.
1	Terrible service, a waiter who didn't care and the wrong eggs. Didn't remove the disgusting scrambled eggs off my plate...just brought the new ones and I had to transfer everything else off the plate... Now cold by the way.
5	I saw a couple reviews complaining about the prices, especially on the adult beverages. While we didn't order any booze on our visit, I do want to point out that this is in an airport so I wouldn't be expecting any happy hour specials. Like with a lot of airport restaurants this place was very busy on a weekend but we had no wait getting a table. I was pleasantly surprised with how good the food was. Both the buffalo chicken sandwich and turkey burger were really good. I mean they were regular restaurant really good, not just an airport restaurant really good. While I enjoyed our meal, the main reason for the 5-star rating is the service. Our waitress Aubrey was one of the nicest people I have ever met. I even made a comment to the lady that I wish every day that I was as happy as Aubrey was. She had a great personality, checked on us just the right amount, and was extremely polite. I could see how someone who works in a busy restaurant in a busy airport could get frustrated and crabby, but it apparently doesn't have an effect on her. Thank you for a great dining experience in the middle of a long travel day.
3	So disappointed you cannot create your own salad here! My brother in law and I sat down and ended up leaving when we realized the salads weren't there!I am a regular at every other location and that's the only menu item I get. Best salads in Charlotte! Please bring this item to the airport-I travel often.
5	The actually restaurant on east blvd. is much better than the restaurant at the airport, but the product is close enough. The only reason I would ever return to Charlotte is for these burgers!!!!
2	I usually eat at the sushi bar in CLT, however, on this day I was stressed from work and really wanted a cheese burger, the largest cheese burger I could find! I saw Bad Daddy's and made a B-line for the hostess stand. The waiter took a while to get to me. I ordered a glass of red conundrum and a water, I never got the water. My food came about 20 min later. My waiter never came by to check on me again (no, they were not busy), and I literally had to chase him down to pay my bill which was highly annoying considering I was on a layover (as I'm sure most people were), so I didn't want to sit in there for 1.5hrs. As far as the food, the fries were mushy (gross), and the burger did not come how I asked for it. And frankly, the burger wasn't that great, I make better one's at home, with better quality buns, especially for their prices! I will definitely not be returning. I'll stick to the sushi bar and better wine selection in the common area between the terminals.
3	Anywhere else this would be two stars but +1 for the airport curve.  They serve very hearty salads with fresh greens and you can add grilled chicken.  The chicken isn't spectacular and the burgers look overdone but the scene is fun and rock n' roll, the servers prompt, and it beats the bad packages or faux fancy salad options in the airport.
4	I had a hard time clicking 4 stars for this place since it is in an airport...but MAN...it really is that good!!Keep in mind, that this is a burger place primarily.  If you come here, you need to get a burger.  They have many options including a build your own.  They also have Patty alternatives to their normal ones such as Turkey, Black Bean and even American Kobe.I had the Western burger which came with bacon, onion strings, a spicy cheese that I cannot recall (possibly pepper jack) and BBQ sauce on the side.  I also got the tater tots as my side based on a recommendation from some locals near us.  The tots did not disappoint!  They were amazing, especially dipped in their secret Bad Daddy sauce which actually was a highlight for me here.  The burger was cooked perfectly and really delicious.If I am even caught in a layover in Charlotte again...I'm coming here for sure!
1	Note: the food was great as was the service, (fast & efficient) however how my incident was handled was not handled well. On November 27 I ate at Bad Daddy's Burger Bar in the Charlotte Air Port in terminal C - At around noon I entered the restaurant and slid completely down on the floor.  I was not injured.  One of the workers took my name and number after I ordered.  Then my food arrived and I ate it. I was shocked when I saw my bill that I was charged for everything - an apology but not any kind of real courtesy was given.  It seems as though the staff was not even concerned that I was actually injured and yet they knew they have a very slippery floor.  Shocked that when I left no one cared what had happened - They  need to do something about those floors! It was very scary & even more scary was the lack of actual concern.
4	I have no complaints. Quick service, predictable prices. Sat at the bar, ordered the Western Burger (thumbs up) with tater tots. Was in and out in under 40 minutes.
4	This place was jam-packed when my boyfriend and I went a few weeks ago, to be expected in an airport. Whenever traveling, we make it a point to try the local beer offerings. Here, we ordered a couple of local beers by NoDa and were not impressed - not sure if it was the beer, the can, or if they were skunked (which is, of course, quite possible)... but no, not crazy about them... just a heads up for other out of townies. We got the fried pickles to start and they were delicious, as was the ranch dressing. I ordered the Pastrami Reuben burger and oh Mylanta it was great, just what I needed after a long day of traveling. For a side, I got the potato chips which were far too overcooked and inedible as a result. Otherwise, a great meal with good service.
1	Terrible service. We and stood at the front for a few minutes waiting to see if someone was suppose to seat us. Being that it's Christmas morning I was okay with giving some leeway for I understood from working in the serving industry that no one really wants to work on Christmas. The manager comes over to us and gives us a table and informs us that they are still serving breakfast for another 15 minutes. We are hungry and tired and thought that sounded lovely. But we sat and waited and waited for 10 minutes to be greeted by a server but the servers paid no attention to us or another table near us who had been there longer than us and hadn't been waited on either. One by one servers walked past and paid no mind to either of us. From the tables around us the food looked and smelled yummy, but the service definitely needs some adjustment. A disappointing start to our Christmas morning.
3	Good burger, good waitress. Just good thing it's at the airport. Not exactly sure would have went out of the way for it if it was in general public area.
