1	So they changed the name and the look. This bar went thru "Bar Rescue". Something was going on wrong to get to that point. Do bar owners think its only the 'name' or the 'look' that make the bar fail? In this case, I guess so. I went in about 12:30am to try one of their new 'signature ' drinks. I walked in and took a seat at the bar. Text my friends where to meet and waited for the male bartender(who was in front of me) standing there talking to the guy that I sat next to. After about 5 minutes in the conversation, he went and asked some other group of people if their drinks were good. Then he started balancing a bottle on the back of his hand and doing dog tricks for them. At that point, I moved closer to the middle of the bar area and sat right in front of this, I'm assuming, bar back. All she did was put dirty empty glass after glass right at my spot. 30 glasses easy after all said and done while I sat still waiting for acknowledgment. I saw her look at me, but not even a half smile. I got a text asking if I'm still there from my friends. At that time , I moved to a third location at the bar. There was this girl bartender counting out her drawer or something. She had her back to me as I waited and watched the male do circus tricks and the bar back clean the bar. I wanted to go to the area of the bar where people were getting served drinks. No one was getting help. Everyone (20) people total were just talking and playing pool. So I text my friends at 12:50 and told them to meet me at another location. This place blows. 20 minutes and not even a.. 'be right with you'? I read their menu 5 times and had my drink ready to be ordered. I just sat there with a smile on my face waiting for SOMEONE to say, 'we're closed', we ran out of..', we don't serve your kind here', or something. I see why this place Failed before and they needed to be "rescued". There are WAYYY to many other bars in Vegas to waste time in this establishment. I give this place 2 months after the bar airs on the show before it goes back to the way it was. Back to the 2 star Yelpers reviews (That's being generous).
5	I was there last night for the grand opening, cool place!  They have a Self-Serve Beer Wall!  You pay for a card with credits on it and you can pour your beer from one of 12 taps.  I got a 40oz card.  Conclusion: Beer and Bacon...who can argue with that?  Bacon Burger was excellent too, btw.
5	I was in Vegas for a few weeks for work and was invited here to the grand opening.  Loved the concept from the get go but obviously didn't have any expectations 'til I actually experienced it first hand.  I've gotta say I really love the concept of being able to pick my favorite beer and poor it myself!  On top of that I enjoyed my beer with an order of Man Candy (incredibly savory and sweet bacon strips served with Crown Royal Maple dipping sauce).  I also tried their "Double Wedged Sword" which was an awesome wedge salad.  This will be a place I'll definitely stop by on future Vegas trips!
4	Been a long time customer of Kerry's continuing thru the new ownership.....as is the same with much of the clientele.  I think what the Owners and these stupid "reality" shows have forgotten is that "if it ain't broke don't fix it".  I hate the new name.  I dislike the new decor.  I don't like the new food prep.  We all loved our old bar...and deposited our money there on a regular basis.  Not now.  It no longer feels like home.  I feel especially bad for the cooks and waiter/waitress staff, who now have to be different from the old, comfortable and successful ways.  Any decline in business since the old days has nothing to do with the previous decor, drinks, food or service....it's just aligned with the poor economic conditions and lack of disposable income.  To the owners:  as soon as you are clear of any contractual obligations with that damn reality show, put your establishment right back where it was.  Always hoping you the best if luck.
3	Bacon and Beer...I didn't think I could do anything but love this place.  However, I was less than overly impressed.  The atmosphere on a Tuesday night was almost dead and the few customers already there were just on their way out.The Cajun bacon with Crown Royal Maple syrup was pretty good.  The bacon was cold, but the waitress instructed me it was intended to be to enhance the flavor.  The beer selection was OK and the self-serve beer stations were not working yet.  They hope to have them up and running by mid September.I thought it strange that you couldn't get back on anything on the menu (including pizza) but they didn't have it as a topping.  When asked if they could add it, I was told I could order a side and crumble it up myself to put it on.The breakfast menu looks great so I will give this place another try after being out most of the night.  More to come, but right now...I'm not that impressed.
2	New name, new look, higher prices. Pizza and wings were good before, and they still are. Burgers and chicken Philly nothing special.  Prices are inflated for a product that doesn't warrant it. Like I said, the pizza and wings are still great,  but $80 bucks for two kids meals, two sandwiches, two lemonades, two beers, and a mixed drink does not make a neighborhood place that I will return to.
5	Pour your own tap beer. Yes please. 60/40 bacon patty, oh yes. And beating White D at pool... Priceless!
4	I don't normally eat animal fat but when I do, it's bacon (or pork belly)...stay fatty, my friend. This is a bar/pub type of place. There's nothing fancy. You walk in and you can immediately smell porky goodness. They have 4 different drinks with bacon in it and 4 bacon dishes on the menu. They also have sandwiches, salads, pizza and other typical bar food. We tried the Bacon Burger and The Cure, both with garlic fries for an additional $1.50/order.The Bacon Burger:60/40 patty comes with arugula, horseradish and chive cheddar, caramelized onions on a croissant bun. Slater's in California has a 50/50 burger which is 50% bacon and 50% beef. Bacon Bar's version is 60% beef and 40% bacon. It's not as great as Slater's but good enough...I wish they have something similar to vampire dip to add on the burger. I didn't taste horseradish. The patty was nice, smokey and fatty. 4/5The Cure:Maple glazed beer braised bacon with tomato jam and egg on a toasted baguette. A huge chunk of unsliced sweet pork belly on a sandwich. The bacon/pork belly wasn't crispy so I had to slice off the thick layer of fat. 3.5/5Garlic Fries:OMG! One of the best garlic fries ever. Garlicky and crispy fries with Parmesan cheese. I believe they use garlic oil instead of real fresh garlic cloves but the flavor is amazing. 5/5Baaaacon!!!
4	went in with a couple gals for lunch and drinks, mostly to see what had changed since the "bar rescue". It wasnt super obvious to me the changes but "barbie" the bartender was great and showed me besides the obvious menu changes. I liked it before. The concept seemed drastic for our neighborhood but ok kool. The food was good and garlic fries are the bomb. I did not try any funky bacon drinks but will for sure go back and come out of the box. Still a great experience.
2	I enjoy the beer and food, however the service is actually quite awful. More waitress maybe?? I waited over 20 minutes with an empty glass. Not good for business.
4	Family Friendly Bar/Restaurant with a good ole theme...Bacon!Not EVERYTHING is bacon drenched, so if you are looking for something else, you should still be ok with their long-listed menu.  But for the bacon/fat LOVERS out there, you will get your thirst quenched!I went with The Bacon Burger ($12.95): 60/40 Beef/Bacon Patty, Croissant Bun, Horseradish and Chive Cheddar, Caramelized Onions, Arugula, and Garlic Fries ($1.50 add). Great burger! Super juicy, fatty and messy...just how I like em! Not quite Slaters, but very good, and the Garlic Fries are the MOST garlicky I've had! Vampire worthy for sure!  Yum :)Also tried The Cure ($13.95): Maple Glazed Beer Braised Bacon on a Toasted Baguette, Fried Egg, Tomato Jam, and Garlic Fries ($1.50 add). This was good, "bacon" was an inch thick cut of pork belly lol...heart attack anyone?? It was very sweet, from the Maple glaze...pretty tasty overall!  I'd still recommend the burger of course ;)If the burger had a little more zing to it, I think it could possibly push this review to a 5!  Prices are super reasonable and the food is great, just needs a little more somethin to get it to sparkle lolI'll be back for another!Pics :
3	We are looking for a local bar to call home...well, this one ain't it!Bacon?  Not enough pork in the world could get me back in there...jk!We had lunch and a beer at 2:00pm on a Friday.We were one of only two couples in the restaurant area and still there were tables with dirty glasses and plates from the time we sat down until we left.This is a huge bar - LOTS of tables.The service was very good...we ordered a sandwich to share & without being asked they did split onto separate plates (very nice) - also did not charge a "sharing" fee like some places.We had the meatball sandwich - very good and the fries actually ARE worth stopping in for....Also, I tried their ranch dressing - let me tell you, the BEST ranch dressing ever!  They make their own!  A must try.The menu WOW!!!  Although, they recently changed from Kerry's to the Bacon Bar and had new menus - they have already (hand written) prices higher than printed (tacky).  The prices are a bit much for bar food.There is a huge lack of any atmosphere...We asked about Sunday football & our server told us to come early as they best seats/tables are taken early - then she showed us seats that the bar actually charges $25 for you to sit at....blowing my mind!!!Charging for seats...what's next?  - Plates and glass usage fees? Also, some of the flyers on the tables still have Kerry's on them and others have Bacon Bar - I wasn't sure where I was....Anyway, this bar is an easy 6 out of 10.  Prices are too high & no atmosphere.Sorry, Mr. Taffer this was a waste of a rescue! - P.S. where can I send you my resume?
4	Bartenders (especially Barbie & Judy) are great and a lot of fun! The food is really good and love that the Pizzas are still the same. Draft beer needs to be colder...much much colder, but the bottled beer is pretty cold. Their Bloody Marys are awesome! i recoomend to try them all (one at a time)
4	I came here after seeing it on Bar Rescue. Thursdays happen to be all you can eat rib night for $15. The ribs were quite good, especially for not being a BBQ place, their cole slaw was excellent, creamy and smooth. The service was excellent, my waitress check on me several times during my meal. I should add that my first rack was so big, I could not eat another. Others have commented that the rescue ruined this place, but from what I saw they have a winner on their hands. i will be back.
2	I want to like this place, I really do. I will say the food was great, but that wasn't the problem. The issue was the slow service. I'm not sure if it was the waitress, kitchen, or a combo of both. Either way, it took nearly 2 hours to get a large pepperoni pizza, and some chicken wings. The table next to us sat down after we did, received their pizza, and finished it before we got ours. I could understand slow service if they were busy, but it was a Friday night and this place was nowhere near busy. More empty tables than not. I would be willing to try it one more time on another day/time to see if anything changes.
1	1 bartender 3 cooks and 1 server with 30 Customers. The food took almost one hour to come out of the kitchen. The portions were extremely small. The burger was like chewing an old shoes from the side of the highway.  you can't hardly call this place bacon bar with only a few bacon items on the menu.
4	Super friendly barkeeper Stephanie!  She made us feel very welcome and comped our drinks without us asking after we each played about $20 of video blackjack.  I had the "Awesome Sauce" cocktail and loved it.  A bloody Mary that had a nice kick.  The place was impressive and well put together.  I'm a fan of Jon Taffer's show and this is the first bar I've been to that he renovated.  If I lived closer I would come here at least once a week.Check out the self service beer system!The Prices are low and all the food looks amazing.  Better than any PT's I've been to.
5	Awesome food and great service. Saw it on Bar Rescue and had to come when we were in town for Sema, from Hawaii!
4	Second stop on Bar Rescue night out. Thankfully ending on high note! I have been too this establishment back in the days before when I was Kerry. Talk about complete change over all in due part Bar Rescue. The whole sports theme is gone Hello BACON!!! Just totally different vibe then before lot nicer place too come hang out with friends. It still this nice open feeling with the high ceilings, the back of the bar with the Bacon Bar logo big fan of not just name brand here but everywhere you look around Bacon reign supreme, and back pool area feel like added section too the restaurant (same spot seeing the self serving beer machines; new felt on pool table; bar stools around). All around feel more welcoming bar then before and lot more lighting so feel light walking into more classy bar rather then dark dive bar. It nice size bar always place that sit at the bar, pool area, or sit in the dining area. Bar that not have too scream talk stories with your friends.The food talk about Baconlicous!!! Before loved the pizza ones that they still have on the menu! This night was all about the Bacon and trying new menu items. Between my roommate and I we just about had all of the new items. They have four or five Bacon drinks and then below that four or five food items. The "Man Candy". If you could go too Bacon Heaven on earth this is the way too go. Or if looking too go into diabetic coma another way too go. Lol. The combination between perfect crispy bacon not only that but tell nice slice from fresh slab not pre cut ones, and marinade in something on top of little kick too it or spice they add. The sugar coating on the outside and if that not enough sugar dip it in maple syrup. It all the best things about breakfast in mason jar. Yay!  I ordered thet Bacon Burger. I really enjoyed. The 60/40 of beef made the perfect blend juicy cooked too my order on point. The buns were great and loved the personnel touch with branded B on the top bun. Fries in brown paper bag. Loved that concept different plus it was good fries. Roommate ordered not remember but had the fried egg on top of looked short rib. The fact that they keep the fried egg running where as every other restaurant in Vegas scared for health reasons make it yolks running. Deserves Star all on its oWn. I never tasted it but roommate told me awesome.The service talk about Justin getting bad rap or the truth reality shows is whatever they make of it. On the show they make him out too be bad guy. The minute walked in Justin was nothing but professional! Totally on top of his job! Friendly, personable, describe the menu prefect when asking about the new stuff, and even gave us the real scoop about Bar Rescue. Never judge book by its cover or in this case never believe everything you see on television. I am fan of Bacon Bar. If in the area for sure place that would come with bunch of friends get some man candy, drinks, talking stories, hang out, and enjoy life!
4	I visited this place because I like Bar Rescue.If it wasn't in the middle of nowhere for me I would find myself here once a week. I live in the Southwest area so it was a bit of a trek.The bloody mary was good, but I could tell it was a store bought mix and it needed to be shaken. My first sip was basically vodka. Still enjoyed it. I got the spicy one, and the piece of bacon was the best part.Our server was perfect. I didn't get her name, but girl, if you remember the chick with the pink pigtails that was with two guys, you were awesome. Just attentive enough without being overbearing.The pizza was really good. I had the one with pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms, and onions. I love when pizza places aren't shy with the mushrooms, and they certainly are not. I was surprised not to see bacon as a pizza topping option and I think that should change.The garlic knots are good too, but the marinara is a little simple and lacks depth. It's also enough of an appetizer for at least six people. Man candy... Well, I loved it. We got a couple of pieces that were too sticky but the ones that were just barely caramelized were excellent. The Crown Royal dipping sauce made me feel like breakfast.All in all, I will go back to this place. I'd go back a lot if I lived anywhere near it.
1	So Disappointed!!!My girlfriend and I talked all day about trying out the bloody mary's at the bacon bar after a full day of shopping on Saturday 11/9/13.We got there - sat at the bar - received menus and then nothing...We waited probably close to 10 minutes and the server never came back.  She was busy talking on the phone over by the kitchen...  We saw her get off the phone, but still hadn't made it back to us, so we left.We walked ALL THE WAY through the restaurant to get to the door, not a single person said thank you, and she didn't try and stop us either, even though we walked right by her!So - we ended up going up the street to Viola's.  Great service, Amazing Food, Awesome happy hour specials.  Will definitely make Viola's a regular place to go!!!
5	The only reason I drove from the strip, all the way to this bar was because it was on Bar Rescue (I am addicted to this show), otherwise I would not have known about this place. I went on Saturday night (1/4/14) at midnight and the place was not too crowded, but as soon as I walked in, I was greeted right away by a great looking female bartender (I wish I got her name). She was very nice and gave fantastic service. I ordered a couple of their Batch 19 "Pre-prohibition" recipe beer on tap. instead of being served in a regular beer mug, its served in one of those moonshine jars which i thought was pretty cool. I ordered the breakfast plate with eggs, bacon, toast, and hash browns. I was worried I wouldn't be able to order breakfast at 1am but the bartender told me it would be just fine :) I wanted to try that 60/40 burger, which is a 60% ground beef and 40% ground bacon hamburger patty, but I had been eating burgers my whole trip to Vegas and I couldn't go there again. I'll save that for next time! All though it wasn't very crowded, all the customers seemed nice. The place is mostly locals because its 9 miles from the strip, but they do get customers like me who go just because they wanna see the place in real life after seeing it on TV. One guy walked in and seemed visibly upset that the place wasn't "poppin". I guess he expected more excitement and more people to be in this place, but the place was pretty quiet when I was there. They have a lot of nice TVs. I'd definitely come here for football if I was a local
2	You would think that a bar called The Bacon Bar, would have a ton of bacon dishes and bacon infused drinks on the menu, right? Well that wasn't the case here at all. It was very disappointing to say the least. A very small portion of the menu dishes had bacon in them. The name is nothing more than a marketing ploy the owners are using to try to differentiate themselves from the hundreds of other bars in the area. I won't be returning.
2	Very disappointing!!  We went there wanting to try burgers, bloody marys and bacon wrapped jalapenos!  The bacon wrapped jalapenos aren't even on the  menu!  Not a LOT of bacon items either.We walked in, waited a few minutes and were brought menus.  We didn't place a drink menu right then, as we wanted to see the special options. (about 4 over-priced bloody mary's were it).  There were maybe 5 or 6 other people in the place...early Saturday evening.We never saw the bartender again, well actually we did...talking on her cell phone.  After waiting about 15 minutes we left.  AND...won't be back!
1	Food was very overpriced and not good at all same w/ drinks and no specials or promos this bar needs to be rescued again
3	Eh it was ok. Located out of the way, and didn't have as many bacon options as I thought.
5	It was really 4 and I gave it 5 to balance out the 3's.Our server, Carol, was excellent! She's beyond GREAT!Try the man candy and the self-serve wall of beer!The chocolate stout is excellent!
4	Went here for a birthday party last week. Good place to have a bunch of friends.  The Beer Wall makes it easy to make sure your friends always have a cold one.  We ordered Man Candy and Garlic fries and both were good.  The host of the party had pizza and wings served and both were decent for bar food.  Service was great considering we were a big group.  I would go back if I was in the neighborhood.
2	We were up in the area so we decided to give it a try!  Boy am I glad we didn't make a special trip for this place.  The place is large with plenty of tables and bar sitting for those gamblers.  It's very clean with tv's mounted all around.  They told us to sit anywhere and our waitress was over quickly to get our drink orders.  The service here was great.   She was always coming over to give us refills and check on us.  Unfortunately, that's about the only great thing there.   To start we wanted to try the Man Candy~  glazed bacon with cayenne pepper.   Very very sweet.  Almost too sweet for me and that's coming from someone who loves her desserts.  To share, we ordered the Bacon Burger, of course.  On the side we had the garlic parmesan fries.   The Burger was overdone and very dry inside.   I was disappointed. The garlic parmesan fries were the best thing out of our entire lunch.   Great garlic butter flavor with the parmesan sprinkled on top.  Very tasty and loved those.Another strange thing we noticed is they have pizza on their menu...  but you can't order bacon as a topping!  So strange.  In my opinion, I'd skip this place.
3	Good staff with decent food but not the bacon Mecca I was hoping for. I gotta have more bacon!!
3	garlic knots are the best.wait staff excellent. chairs and benches are the worst places to place you behind and have a beer..... no comfort that says " come in have a beer, take a load off and relax. enjoy ". more like drink and get out. However, I can never seem to pull myself away as the staff, atmosphere and food are worth the bit of discomfort I endure from their uncomfortable chairs.
4	So good, loved it! Went with friends who have frequented restaurant  for years.All appetizers were excellent, especially the man candy...delectable!! Garlic knots were yummy as well.  Ate so much appetizers couldn't eat our pizza....all was delicious as appetizers though!! ;)Friendly atmosphere, wait staff is awesome.
3	We decided to give the Bacon Bar a try after living in the area for a little bit and then seeing the place on the Bar Rescue show. The place has a good feel with a large room with many available seats. The beer is good with a perfect temperature and they have a huge selection of beers on tap at bar and at world bar. The food is a mix of great and just ok. Certain items such as the appetizer "Man Candy" which is candied bacon with a side of syrup dipping sauce is great while other things such as burgers are good but nothing to rave about. I would suggest for someone who enjoys true fatty bacon flank to try a dish called "The Cure". That dish separates itself from other bar foods. One of my biggest complaints is the "Bloodies" which are a variation of 3 specialty bloody mary. They cost almost 10 bucks a piece which is very expensive if you wanna try a few different things. I ordered a Bloody Mary, The Cure, and Man Candy and my bill was right around 30 bucks. Not too expensive but sort of high for bar food. The service has been a hit or miss, everything has been served quick and efficient however some of the staff are pleasant while others feel distant and quiet.
4	Well above average for Bar Food!I saw this place on Bar Rescue and went in out of curiosity.  I am now a regular customer.  The owners are always in and around and the quality is excellent.Let's talk about the food.  First of all..  yes..  they have some GREAT bacon.  You will notice the bacon theme in the food I have eaten.  MAN CANDY is bacon rock candy with maple whiskey and a little bit of spice.  This might be the best treat I have ever tasted...  better than chocolate!  You get 4-5 pieces in a serving (I eat them so fast it is hard to remember) and that is all any one person should ever eat.  The POTATO SKINS are simple and delicious.  Potatoes split in half with cheddar, chives and plenty  PLENTY of crumbled real bacon.  They serve this with sour cream and is a meal all on its own.  The BACON BURGER is a 60/40 blend of beef and pork with a spicy cheese and sauce on a special bun.  Truly delicious.. and you will want to try this BEFORE you go adding ketchup.  It is very juicy and delicious.  It comes with a side of fires which are just average.  The BACON & EGGS breakfast is delicious.  Eggs are regular and served any style you like.  You have a choice of regular boring hash browns or above average cottage fries.  The cottage fries are really potato slices..  or wedges.  They are WAY better than their french fries and go well with breakfast.  You also get a toast choice and 4 slices of big delicious bacon.  The food I have had is quite delicious.  There are a lot of typical poker bar options on the menu and I can't say how good. bad, or average they are.  I stick to the theme .. BACON.The ambience of the place is kind of blah.   Its big and open and still a little dated.  Some of the touches from the Bar Rescue show are nice like the self serve beer wall and the bacon signage.  But overall this still feels like a big and open space.  When the place fills with people it gets VERY loud, no doubt a function of the large rooms acoustics.  And while the place is clean I don't get a feeling of great cleanliness.  Overall I really like this place for what it is... a Vegas Poker Bar.  If you are looking for fine dining..  this place will disappoint.  If you want to eat some bacon and drop a bill in the poker machine.. this place will suit you just fine.
5	Everyone should come here, even my husband who doesn't like bacon loved it!
4	Because who doesn't love bar food!? Sideline special please..def great for when you have a big group Not a fan of the garlic ranch tho I'd stay away from that.This place gets pretty packed on Fridays came in and had to look around for two open seats at the bar.the bar tenders are always friendly and the food is great definitely a chill place to hangout.
3	Saw the Bacon Bar featured on Bar Rescue and decided to check it out on our trip to Las Vegas. The "Man Candy", bacon wrapped jalapenos, and the Bloody Mary drinks were awesome! We were a little disappointed the whole menu would consist of more bacon entrees.  We tried the self service tap bud light and it was flat and tasted old like the tap hadn't been clean recently and the glass they gave us was cold but not frosted cold. Other than that it was a cool experience and the staff were really nice!
2	Food was average. Service was OK. Felt prices a bit steep but guessing covering cost of being on TV. Nothing wrong just nothing great.
4	The food was amazing. The drinks were a little expensive but were good. I will be coming back for sure!!!!
4	Very Friendly staff ( Bartender ) and customers where nice, its always hard stepping into a bar the first time espic when I walked in with mainly people at the bar rather then tables. I didn't recognize anyone from the taping. Also like Shawn H says not everything is Bacon oriented. I tried the philly steak was really great and also fries where not overly salty witch was nice. I also had a I think it was a choc stout with a cold glass I am not much a stout drinker mainly pilsner but wanted to try, very good if you like Guinness you like this. I did see the father I think witch was cool. Really cool I didn't do the touristy typical yelper thing and snap photos of everything like everyone does mainly at the bar. They are from what I hear a 24 hour operation with breakfast lunch and dinner they have biscuits and gravy witch I am shure to be back for and try. Tuesday at noon about 10-15 people I am shure pretty packed in the weekends.
5	The bacon burger is a MUST! One of the most delicious burgers I've ever eaten. The bartenders were very friendly and talkative. The ambience was very nice as well. Definitely worth a visit.
4	Came here because of the novelty- come on, who doesn't like bacon?!? But we'll definitely return because they offer decent pub/bar food with plenty of beer and unique cocktails to try. I also applaud their appetizer selection. So many to choose from! The garlic knots looked amazing, but we tried the spicy green beans. Battered deep fried and spicy - absolutely delicious! And they're vegetables, so they're healthy- right? Hahah, right. Bacon Burger- a 60/40 mix of beef & bacon patty, served on a croissant bun. So good! The caramelized onions added a perfect amount of sweetness. And substitute the fries for garlic fries- you'll thank me later. So in the end- this little piggy squealed happily all the way home.
5	After seeing it on Bar Rescue, being a bacon and bloody lover definitely put this place in my must try list. I was in Vegas on my honeymoon so we went over and checked it out and was pleasantly   surprised on how delicious it was! The "Man Candy" was amazing! I also had the Blue Cheeseburger also delish, as well as the bacon Bloody Mary great as well. Justin the manager/bartender was amazing and kept us well taken care of! I highly recommend this place!
5	Great food, great music, great place. Justin rocked the Bloody Mary. We will be back again soon
4	I'm giving them a 4 star rating even tho' I haven't been there, yet.  My gut has never steared me wrong.  I love Vegas and saw the Bacon Bar rescued by the one and only Jon Taffer on Bar Rescue/Spike TV.  I must tell you all that even though I have not yet had the pleasure of going to this great sounding bar, I can darn near smell the bacon through my computer just based on the great reviews everyone has shared.  I am telling my Vegas friends about it and can't wait to go the next time I'm there.  I LOVE BACON!  I need a bacon fix right now.  Please open one in Chicago.  I don't drink, but they can put bacon in my "mocktail".
4	You can put lipstick on a pig, but it's still a pig. And you can put "bacon" on this bar, but it's still Kerry's Sports Pub to me.This place was rebranded in an episode of "Bar Rescue." I hadn't been here in awhile, although I've visited in the past to watch football on their big-screen TVs. But despite the new name and the inclusion of some pork-related decor, it seemed like the old Kerry's. The tabletop cards even still said "Kerry's" on them, and their famous pizzas were still on the menu. Although most of the other diners around us were eating said pizzas, my husband and I decided to check out some of the bacon-related offerings. So the spouse ordered the bacon burger, and I had a club sandwich.The bacon burger was 60% beef and 40% bacon, topped with caramelized onions, cheese, and more bacon. Nice bacon flavor, but surprisingly it needed a little more salt. My club sandwich was tasty as well. The top half of the sandwich mirrored the bottom, so there was a nice ratio of turkey, bacon, lettuce, and tomato in every bite. Both of our orders came with fries, which were fine as fries go, and they were served in a cute paper container.We each had three draft beers, starting with a Rebel IPA and ending with a Rolling Rock, which was on special for $2 a pop. Sandwiched in between was a Batch 19 lager, a Coors product that was touted as being brewed in the "pre-Prohibition style." It was good, but I don't see how it relates to bacon; maybe I read the menu wrong, but I thought it was described as having some sort of bacon taste. Nope; just beer.Nonetheless, we enjoyed our meal at Kerry's ... er, I mean the Bacon Bar. Our waitress, Trina, was great: friendly and attentive, but not overly intrusive. I was surprised that the restaurant had so few customers, but hopefully that was just a fluke. And hopefully the name change will bring in a few more customers, because no matter what's it's called, this neighborhood bar deserves its new lease on life.
4	Highly recommend the Bacon Bar. Great food, great service, and a pleasantly, casual atmosphere. See Carol. She freakin' rocks!We'll be back that's for sure!
3	Neat concept but I must add a few comments. If you are planning on margaritas, think twice because they aren't the best or even the usual. We ordered two patron shots that tasted like water so it made me wonder about how honest their being about their "patron machine". Aside from the alcohol, the food was good. I had a pizza which was great and my gf had the bacon burger. The portions were fair. Next time I'll play it safe and we'll order beers instead
5	As anyone knows there are always 10 negatives to a positive review. I'm here to tell you that the Bacon Bar and the employees here are great and truly care about their guests. There was a post about the music being awful for that individual and their family member/s. I didn't have an issue with the music as its current, upbeat and what's on the top of the charts. I would highly recommend the Bacon Burger as it was a delicious and the presentation was done great too. There truly is a cook in the Kitchen that cares about what is being sent out and it shows! I also feel the pricing is extremely fair as well and it's an establishment that I plan on visiting again in the future.
3	Man candy was a 1st. Not bad. Food was good, service was great and atmosphere was super chill.
3	So we came here before getting on the road for a drive to California.  First lets start with the service.  It wasn't bad, a tad slow for as slow as they were at 10 or 11 in the morning.  She took our order and knew the menu.  I ordered a Philly cheese steak and a side of bacon.  The sandwich needed some more flavor, maybe salt and pepper.  I never received the bacon and when I told the waitress she brought a complementary plate of "Man Candy".  It was candied thick bacon with cayenne pepper.  I could have ate the whole plate then a few more pounds of it.  It was awesome.  The other 3 members of my party thought their food was better than mine so maybe I just ordered the wrong thing.  They also have beer by the ounce.  They give you a card that you slide at the taps and it's self service.  They were also on Bar Rescue show so you can look at that too.  I will be back next time i'm in the area.
4	Went there for the first time on Father's Day and absolutely love it. Awesome good, comfortable environment, good service, Hawaiian music collection on jukebox. Highlight was the Man Candy it was delish. I love bacon!! Bacon Bar is a must visit.
5	it was a bit of a drive from the strip but worth it.The Bloody Mary with bacon was delicious as was our bacon burgers.Ryan, the bartender, was quick, our order was perfect and we really enjoyed our dinneer.Ashley, the server tonight, joined a bit in our conversation, both her and Ryan were great hosts and very friendly.Great experience! We will be back!
3	I ate here the other day with a friend for lunch and I ordered caesar salad with garlic knots. I couldn't order anything really MEATY and JUICY because I had just come from the gym so I was already being bad with the knots. My friend ordered garlic fries and I couldn't wait to literally try ONE! ( ;o(  ).Since the knots were an appetizer I expected it to be maybe 3-6 pieces but when they arrived at the table it was ATTACK OF THE KNOTS! These little round knots seemed LIGHTLY brushed in butter, garlic, and parmesan cheese- not coated like I had hoped. I had two sauces (so bad for me) ranch, and tomato. I expected this to be WORTH me eating calories I just burned. Finally after one bite--I didn't really taste anything. I ate another knot--this time dipped in one of the sauces. Nothing. It was similar to eating a pretzel. You know its BREAD---but well, it's just....bread. It was like that with the fries, caesar salad, and my knots! Nothing had flavor. I expected the garlic to roar with flavor and cheese--and the knots nor the fries did that. The knots were also very dry and I gave my cheeks a massage afterwards. Overall the service was great, and I love the atmosphere--especially in the afternoon because no one is in there and its quiet. That is a huge plus. I'd like to come back and try something different and maybe I'll have some better luck. Despite the lack of flavor, I do like this place.
4	We dig it. Friendly service and the food is great! Lots of options. The bacon theme is cute and everything we had was very good. Strongbow Cider on tap, too! It's not a BACON-ALL-YOU-CAN-TASTE-IS-BACON kind of thing. I think the bacon is used very well to enhance the flavors of the other items. It's reasonably priced (not cheap, but neither is it expensive). I can say that we would NEVER stop here if it was still the "sports bar" of the previous incarnation. We don't care about sports, so we drove by it literally hundreds of times without giving it a second glance. We will definitely be back to try more goodness...after a few marathons.
3	I was excited to come here since I saw the Bar Rescue episode. Honestly, it didn't meet up to my expectations as it seemed more like a restaurant instead of a bar. The chili cheese fries were not good. I will come back to try their burger and pizza though. They do have a pool table which would entice me to come back for the self serve beer.
3	Had bacon burger. Sat at the bar, which even though place was empty, was an error. Slow, slow service. Burger was tasty enough, but as with similar places, bun fails to maintain integrity & becomes soggy & falls apart. Yet, I still ate it, all.Lots of non-bar seating, yet unsure how smokey it gets so unsure would bring family.
2	The bacon was overdone and the guests were immature. I really liked this bar but I'm a single girl so no security to walk you out just in case. :(
5	They actually have really good cheese and peperoni pizza :) I'm not a fan of their white pizza, though. I had a bacon burger once, it was good but nothing to write home about. Although, they have a "tomato jam" for the burger that is absolutely awesome! Will definitely be eating here again.
5	What can I say,  this place is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!  This is our second visit  in a month cause we live in California. The BACON MAN CANDY is the best thing out there.  It is sweet,  spicy and awesome!!!  A must have when you are in town.  Worth the short drive from the strip.
5	Great place with a cool theme. Self service beer taps and tons o' bacon. How can you go wrong with that? Some of the best Bloody Marry's you'll find anywhere. The food menu is excellent as well. Great place to enjoy sports due to tons of TV's located throughout.
1	We came in for breakfast at 10 am to find we were the only customers. Not a good sign. Super friendly and fast server...then again, we were the only people there. Wifey tried the Bacon Bloody Mary, great bloody, but the bacon they used tasted old. I tried the Southwest Omelet. Was just a flat griddle omelet folded with green chili's in it, covered with cheese. The hash browns were  very undercooked, devoid of any seasoning at all. Truck stop breakfast. Wifey had the Bacon and Eggs..gotta be safe with that, right? Not. Eggs OK, Hashbrowns limp and undercooked and no seasoning. Lastly, the Bacon! This was the thinnest sliced bacon we'd ever seen, this was like a joke. In a place called Bacon! Ha! More like a 99 cent strip breakfast.May return to try the burgers sometime, heard those are good but not worth the stop for breakfast.
3	While I wouldn't classify this place as excellent, the food is good and reasonably priced. Large portions, unique menu choices, and a large, spacious bar/restaurant area. There's shuffle board, pool, lots of beer taps, so I'm assuming this place is a much better choice for night activities than just for lunch. All in all, I recommend it!
2	I really wanted this place to be better than it was. Great concept, great environment, service was slow but friendly...food was mediocre. There is great potential here, a burger with peanut butter, strawberry jam and bacon should be delicious --should be.Maybe it's because the last burger I had was from Slaters 50/50, who uses 50%beef and 50% ground bacon, but I was very underwhelmed with the burger itself. It looked like a frozen burger. The fries were definitely frozen, battered fries, which I detest. Come on now guys, it has to be cheaper to buy potatoes and cut them in house, and they are soooooo much better!! This place has potential to be awesome, but as far as the burgers and fries we got tonight go, they fell short.Update: 9/7, edited this review to deduct from 3 stars to 2 starts after my husband and I were both sick Friday night and most of Saturday. Our Bacon Bar meal was the only thing we had in common, as he had been out of town until shortly before we ate here.
4	Came all the way from Chicago for this!!We watch the show Bar Rescue and decided that while on vacation, we were going to check this place out because.. who "doesnt love bacon" !!   When we pulled into the parking lot, we were a little surprised that for a saturday night, this place was not that crowded.  Then again, that was fine with us as we were just anxious to see the place after the remodel.We were greeted by a very friendly female waitress - Hannah.  She was very friendly and seated us in the dining area near the bar.  She quickly took our drink order and returned with them in a matter of minutes.  While taking our order, we asked for her opinion on a few items we wanted to try.  She was very down to earth about what to try after asking us what we liked to eat.  We ordered an appetizer of the garlic knots and they were very tasty.When our food arrived it was displayed pretty cool looking.  My burger had a piece of bacon spiraled on top with a tooth pick holding it in place.  My husband had a beef sandwich that was covered in cheese.   Both our meals were good, however the only item we did not care too much for are the french fries.  They are almost exactly like the new burger king fries, which I am NOT a fan of at all.  No flavor to them really.  We did have our option of regular fries, sweet potato fries or loaded waffle fries, so I am guessing we should have opted for something different.  Either way - the bar was very clean and in order.  The womens bathroom was also very clean!   I only saw one person from the show behind the bar, Justin.  we were going to say hello but felt wierd.. lol.Overall - i am glad i chose this place to come eat and check out.  We had a few other ones but this was one that we did not want to pass up!
4	This was our second visit and it was fan-tab-ulous! I had a bacon sloppy jo, that has haunted my dreams since.  We came with a couple of friends had a friendly fun waitress I can't remember what we all had but we were all stuffed and happy when we left! We'll be back for some man candy.
1	WORST EXPERIENCE EVER! Great concept, very bad execution. Very disappointing... I expected something better, at least decent. The service was the WORST! When I told the waitress, Carol,  that the food was not good, she raised her voice at me and started arguing with me, when I was saying everything calmly. Plus, she hit my daughter on the head, she said sorry after it happened pretending it was an accident, then later denied that she hit my daughter. Then why did she even say "sorry" if she so claims she didn't hit her. Environment: they had flies, smelled like old walls, paint, furniture, and reeked of smoke. Not family friendly, I could not focus on my food cuz of the strong scent of smoke. And they had FLIES. Not a pleasant experience when your worried about flies landing on you and your foodMan candy: overrated. Not as good as it looks. It tasted old and seemed like it's been sitting out on their counter too long just waiting to be ordered, even the side of maple syrup had a film formed on the surface, that's when you know it's been sitting out for a while.Bacon Chili cheese fries: the only decent thing we ordered, but not great. Nothing out of the ordinary Bacon Burger: not that great. Mediocre, the tomato relish was too sweet overpowering all the other ingredients esp. the burger itself. I can make something better with better ingredients at home.Service: our waitress was irritating, she kept trying to drill in our heads that the food is good when it wasn't.When I asked for a manager, Carol said that there was no manager on today.
3	We sat at the bar, playing poker, only one free beer a piece,  but spent 100. Disappointed,  bacon onion rings delicious!
4	Very surprised as this was one of those tv make over bars. The wait staff was all very friendly and the place is very much more like a sports bar. The food was delicious especially if you like bacon (garlic bacon knots). A definite stop next trip through.
5	I LOVE THE BACON BAR! This bar has excellent service, amazing food and a great atmosphere. My husband and I typically go on Sundays to watch our Detroit Lions games and eat breakfast. Right when you walk up to the door, you can look at a map of the bar and see which games are on which tv. There's no guess work or having to walk up to the bar and ask where your game is going to be. This last time we were at The Bacon Bar, they had raffles each quarter and you could win prizes! Who doesn't love prizes?!?
2	Good food but service was not. Might be back.  There was a woman at the bar that should have been cut off. Was very loud. The place was clean
1	Warm beer, uninspired service, and really nothing to write home about. While our group had high hopes going in, they were met with a resounding thud. To begin with we were not greeted by our server until about 10 minutes after being seated. She was seemed very bored and did not give off a very pleasant vibe. We ordered some beers, and looked over the menu which had a tremendous amount of good sounding items. The beer was warm and flat, but the waitress said that they were having issues with their tap system, and finished by not offering a substitution when we brought it to her attention. We ordered our food, and when it eventually made it to our table it did not have one bit of wow factor. The candied bacon (man candy)was too sweet to taste any of the bacon, the bacon wrapped poppers were overcooked, and the chili cheese fries had a lot to be desired. For this restaraunt/bar.....Big Expectations that fell flat on their face. John Taffer should come back and re-rescue this place. What a waste
3	Food and drinks we OK but not anything to continually come back for. The service at 12pm on a Monday was great!! On my way out the door I looked in the open kitchen and noticed the cook was NOT wearing any GLOVES WHILE PREPARING FOOD...GROSS!!
2	I love bacon unfortunately they forgot to really promote the bacon part of their name. I was really looking forward to the experience and it was such a let down. Not bad, just disappointing.
4	We've been to Bacon Bar several times, and the food has always been very good and very consistent. My favorite item is the Bacon Burger; it's literally the BEST burger I've ever had! In fact, I love it so much, I can't seem to order anything else for my entree! Lol My husband had the Bacon Sloppy Joe and said it was very good. Must've been, since he ate the whole thing in about 5 minutes flat and he never eats much. The Man Candy is decadent, as it's served with Crown Royal Maple infused syrup. YUM!! I like that they have a lot of items on the menu other than bacon. I looooove bacon, so I'm in heaven when we eat there, but my daughter likes other things, so there's a good selection for her to choose from.The service is good to very good and the servers have always been friendly. We always sit at the bar so we can play the machines. We've never won anything significant so the machines seem to be a little tight, but each time our drinks/beers were comped. We would go to Bacon Bar more, but it's about a 25 minute drive from our house.
4	I'll go back if only for the man candy!!! Awesome!!! Also had the bacon tuna Cobb sandwich and bacon burger..all was good!!
