2	I visited Upper Deck on a Saturday of Memorial day weekend during a UFC fight.  We were looking to watch the fight and there were tons of TVs and large tables upstairs so we got just what we were lookin for as far as the sports part goes.  As for the grill part, I'll cut them some slack for me having picked a busy night and weekend, but my drinks took a long time to get there and the second one was wrong.  I would have given a more favorable rating except that the food wasn't great either.  I ordered a philly cheesesteak with potato salad and some wings.  The wings were pretty good but the rest was kind of blah.
5	ATTENTION Eagles Fans!!!!! If you don't know already, this is an Eagle's bar during football season. And IT.......IS......AWESOME. Being a huge fan myself, imagine one Sunday, rolling in to what I thought would just be another normal bar where I would catch the game but instead, stumbling into EAGLES TERRITORY with the flags, the jerseys, and the offical song ringing through the speakers. I swear I blacked out for a little bit.So since then this has become my fave sportsbar! The two-story layout is awesome and really gets the crowd into the game. There are screens everywhere so there isn't really a bad seat in the house. The food is good, above-average bar standards like burgers, wings, wraps, and nachos.
4	ATTENTION MICHIGAN/MICHIGAN STATE FANS!!!Owned by a Michigan native, UD is the BEST place to watch any Michigan sport.  College to professional, if its being broadcast, it will be on at Upper Deck.  Both the Michigan and Michigan State alumni clubs meet there for football games in the fall, and Pistons, Tigers and even the occasional Lions fan line the walls the rest of the year.  Two levels, great seating and a million TVs...  Good promotions (Finlandia and Miller Lite are there a lot) and give-a-ways frequently take place.  Two bathrooms and theres usually never a line at either.  You'll find yourself screaming fight songs and meeting friends from your alma mater.  "YOU vacation on Glen Lake??  SO DO I!!!!"  Holy crap its just like being at home...without all the snow and misery.The ONLY reason I didnt give this bar 5 stars (sorry Tom) is because of the service.  I REALLY hope its better this year because last year it was pretty horrific.  Just not enough staff to support such nutty, starving, THIRSTY, wasted, midwest football fans.  Food is bar food...burgers, wings, fries, etc.  Order early, you'll thank me for it.
2	My husband and I frequent sports bars since we are both sports nuts and sometimes watching a game at home by ourselves is a little dull. Saturday afternoon we were starting to go a bit stir crazy at home, so we decided to check out Upper Deck Sports Grill to watch the Jag/Pats playoff game. The only reason I am not giving this place one star is that there were tons of TVs with a variety of sporting events playing and I liked the two level idea. We sat on the second level at this mini bar that lines the balcony so we would have a great view of the two huge projection screens that were showing the football game.  Other than that, I have nothing positive to say about Upper Deck.  The service was horrific...my husband actually had to go to the bar on the second level to get our drinks and order our food because while there were waitresses walking around, they never came over to us.  The food was incredibly mediocre...I ordered the "kickin chicken wrap"...I am still trying to figure out what was kicking about it.  My husband got the chicken burrito and he didn't care for it.  The menu is really lackluster and not much about it envokes the sports bar idea.  The beer prices were a tad high for the most part, but our 64 oz. Bud Lite pitchers were $8.50 which we didn't think was too bad.One of the most odd things about Upper Deck is the hodge podge assortment of universities or teams that claim the bar as their "viewing" place for games...Georgia Tech, Kansas, Virginia Tech, Michigan State, and the Philadelphia Eagles all had banners hanging up...weird.  What the common bond between them all is, I have no clue.  Needless to say, I will not be making a trip back to Upper Deck anytime in the future.
4	I was standing on a corner in Scottsdale, Arizona, looking for a good time on the Friday before the Super Bowl.  On the street where this bar is located was the Coors Light Block Party.  While it was $25 to get into the block party, you were rewarded with decently priced $4 beers (considering what everything else cost around there) and good live music. However, my uncle and I were hungry, so we wandered the streets looknig for some grub.  There were a few options here but we just sauntered into Upper Deck because it looked inviting.  First impression was that this would be a great place to watch the Super Bowl as there are more TVs in here than there were people.The service was fairly quick and attractive (my uncle fell in love) and we never had a problem getting a drink or our food.  The food was bar food, not too good, not too bad.  Drinks were on average with other bars.  They were selling seats to watch the Super Bowl on Sunday and they had a tent setup outside where parking usually is to view the game (all inside seats were sold out).  We signed up and came back a few days later.The spread they put out for the Super Bowl was impressive.  Nice area inside with tables and chairs, as well as couches for the VIP who spent twice as much as we did.  They had an all-you-can-eat buffet that rivaled much of what I am used to in Vegas, but drink costs made up for the unlimted food.Being able to watch the game at a Sports Bar in the town where the Super Bowl was being held was an interesting experience.  I much rather would have been at the game, but saving the thousands we would've spent at the big game meant a lot more fun for a lot less money.  For a big sporting event that I couldn't attend, but would like to watch, this would be the place I go.  Next time I'm in Scottsdale I'll be hitting this place up.
3	Have you ever shwerved your flat-brimmed ball cap to the side?Do you like beer spilled on to you from one story above, or have you ever spilled beer from above down on unassuming patrons?Do you enjoy waitresses refusing to accommodate you by providing a game on one of their [presently unwatched] mini-screens?Do you enjoy confusing menu options?Do you take pleasure in watching the inevitable pratfalls of any of the following teams: Michigan State Spartans, Detroit Lions, Detroit Tigers, Detroit Pistons, Detroit WGAFs? Have you ever had a cousin who did something or other on 8-mile?Are you annoying?*If you answered yes to any of the questions, then you have a chance at liking Upper Deck .... however, if you answered an emphatic 'YES!' to all of them, then Congratulations, you are from the enema tube of the United States, Detroit Michigan!!  Now proceed to this bar for further details on how to keep the Deee - Trooooit pride alive!  There is a bar full of fellow Michiganders here to discuss this civic duty.Ooookay, I'll give it a 3-star 'pretty good' rating bc all of those drunktards amuse me and 50% of my friends fit this description completely.
4	For starters, this is a SPORTS bar.  If you want just a BAR, go elsewhere.  Also, this is mainly an "Eagles" football place.  If you want a team agnostic place, go elsewhere.  I experienced this on a Sunday that the Eagles were to play on Monday night.  If my experience is the same as when the Eagles play on Sundays, then I would give it five stars.  Four stars for now, summed up as:Show up 30 minutes before the game, get a great pick of seats.  Note to all us game watchers: don't expect to get the best seats if you show up 1 minute before kick-off.  You know that, so why do you keep doing that?Your team is guaranteed to be on their TV's given they have over two dozen screens.  Mind you, the 3 big screens will almost certainly have the Eagles, the Bears, or the Lions on the screen.  However, showing up early as I did, the 'tv dj' let me select the TV I wanted.  NICE.The reason I capitalized SPORTS above is because you can not expect great food at a SPORTS bar, it should be ok to good and cheap.  Upper Deck scores on this one.  You don't go to a stadium and walk away saying damn they have great hot dogs and the draft brew is wonderful.  You go to SPORTS bars to WATCH THE GAME.  Upper Deck ensures you can.+++'s: FREE fast WiFi (so you can check the scores and your girl that's with you who gets bored after the 1st Qtr can social network); OK cheap sports bar food (breakfast burritos & other stuff before 11a and under $9); plenty of TV's; plenty of seating if you get there early; friendly, although not speedy, wait staff who put Hooters girls to shame; good relatively clean crowd although a little more than a healthy dose of the mid-western/north-eastern boys who think their team is THEIR team and those mid-west girls with the witch-chin, beady eyes, thin plucked brows, stark nose, and brown straight bob that wear banana republic clothes (they're still hot and I'd take one on the chin for 'em).- - - 's: bloody mary i ordered was a bit too peppery, not sure what the bathrooms looked likeIn sum, a good sports bar for guys & girls that want a place in Old Town that is down-to-earth and will have your game on (just don't expect to hear it over the regional fan din).  GO BILLS!
3	This is a very chill spot in Old Town, you can find Upper Deck across the street from Dos on craftmans court.  The food is not so bad here, I normally get the nachos are great.  If your an eagles fan this is your spot they call it the Eagles nest.  The bar scene here is low key during the week, if there are no games going on its a quiet spot.  Enjoy two big screens and many flat screens.  Also this location shows all the cage fighting events with no charge.
4	I've been going to Upper Deck for years and it is a great place to watch college football, college basketball and NFL.  If you are rooting for anyone in NFC East other than the Eagles prepare for some heckling as this is a Eagles bar on Sundays.  Decent food, good beer selection and the waitresses are solid.  There is also an OTB upstairs which is nice if the mood strikes you.  It really reminds me of good sports bars back home and I always have a good time at UD watching games.
5	This place always took care of my sporting itch.  Especially on college football saturdays.  The whole upstairs is a University of Michigan watch party. GO BLUE! Other than college football they always broadcasted the games from the east coast and midwest, which is a plus being from Michigan.  This place always made me feel like I was home.   Standard bar food, and good service. Free WiFi.  Not the mention the Off Track Betting!
2	Good place to watch a game, but I would never go there for anything else.  The menu is totally sports-bar-esque and the food was greasy.  Good place if you're hungover and want to watch the game.  Otherwise... ummm... no thanks.
2	This place sucks....the food sucks and it smells weird.  A pretty sorry excuse for a sports bar.   ...but what do i know.
1	Oh Upper Deck! Let me count the ways in which you are lame:- You have a $25 minimum for credit cards. Ayesha assures me that this is a standard thing, yet I've lived in the quintessential college town for 15 years and I've never even heard of anything so egregious. I mean, we drank well over $25, but still... lame.- A server never even looked at us. Not once.- Your clever little 'Balls to the Wall' mural has a hockey puck in it.  Puck, not ball.- Your food appears to be from large industrial size bags that sit frozen until the need to deep fry/microwave them arises.  Keep in mind I have almost zero standards for food.- And honestly, I drug my girlfriend here because it is supposedly a 'Michigan' bar and we were going to watch Michigan basketball.  I was willing to overlook just about anything - I just wanted to watch them play with like minded fans.  But seriously, its 2009 and you DON'T HAVE HD?!? You are a sports bar.  HD was practically created for you.  OK, Michigan won and they played the fight song over the speakers in the bar, that was cool and I was happy for it being so far from home, that's worth one star. But under normal circumstances, why anyone would ever come here to watch sports is completely beyond me.
2	My BF (who is a Michigan fan) and I went to the Upper Deck to watch the Stanley Cup Final.  He had been here once before and was terribly excited to find the place full of Michigan fans!  This event was no different...standing room only...however, the outdoor patio had a few seats open, so we sat there.We were never served (by a Server).  After a few minutes, by BF went inside to get a couple of beers.  From that point on it seemed the Server thought we were entirely self-service, so never asked us if we wanted to see a menu, never brought a menu (we asked the neighboring table for theirs when they were done), never checked back to see if we wanted another couple of beers, nothing.  I agree with my fellow Yelpers, Gabrielle Z. and Tyler B.: no thanks.
3	Great atmosphere for sports enthusiast especially Michigan fans. Food is average but a little pricey. Service is also pretty good as long as you don't mind waiting for about 15 minutes for a beer.   Personally I think for a social hangout for the average sports fan this is a great place for you.
4	I'm a Wildcat and this is the only bar in Phoenix I know of that will play Arizona games over ASU.  Being a Wildcat fan and at a bar that supports my alma mater, makes me give this place 4 stars.  I also really like their boneless wings with the Jack Daniels Chipotle sauce and the quesadilla.  Their draft beer selection isn't great for a sports bar and knocks this place down a star.  It's kind of pricey for a sports bar but not for Scottsdale standards.
3	If you LOVE Michigan sports you will LOVE Upper Deck...if you DONT, you WONT.End of review.
2	I'm sorry Upper Deck, I just have to. You just weren't good. At all. You had the UFC Fight on and didn't charge a cover, that was nice. But I wasn't really there to watch half-naked sweaty dudes embrace each other for the better part of 15 minutes, I was there to eat and drink and make inappropriate comments while the people I was with watched the fights. And I probably won't be back, because the eats sucked and while the drinks did what they were supposed to do, they didn't make up for the below average food and barely average service. I'm adding an extra star for the delightful mural they had in the Women's bathroom, my favorite part of which is now uploaded under "Photos".  You're welcome.
5	best place in scottsdale to watch a game. Great food (greasy, but what bar food isn't?), great drink specials, and an even better atmosphere. The owner came by and greeted us and made us feel very welcome. I will definitely return in the future.
1	Probably some of the worst service I have ever had...and I can say this because I myself was a server for 4 years.  We had 4 different "servers" and half the time we would just go to the bar and get our drinks. And the food is definitely bar food, in fact I think it was mostly frozen food. Pretty sure I will never return.
4	A great place to come watch UFC fights if you don't want to pay for the paper-view at home.  Super croweded though so get there early if you want a seat.  Good bar food, and the service has been good, even when it's standing room only.
1	I went for lunch with some coworkers.  I'm normally really easygoing about things like rude servers, slow service, and feeling dismissed.  However, this one merits a review.Jenna was our server.  She was perfectly polite, but in no way did she attempt to make us feel welcome or seem happy that we were there.  She scoffed at one of my coworkers for asking her to wipe off the table, and upon my few questions about the menu brushed me off and told me everything was good, so I should just pick something.Upon my return home, I noticed that my card was overcharged.  I was the only one that paid with a card (everyone else had cash) and I still had my reciept.  I didn't scribble or anything on the total line, so I'm not sure why the amount charged was different.  I called and left a message.  I called the next day and left another message.I called the day after that and left another message.Finally I called again today (a week later) and Jenna actually answered the phone!  I explained myself and she said "sometimes the bank has a minimum on their credit purchases" (no they do not) and then she said "Sweetie, what do you want me to do?"First of all, don't talk to me like I'm a child.  And really, if I was ready to give you another chance, I'm certianly not going to now!The overcharge straightened itself out, but I'm never going back.
5	Great service and pretty darn good food too. Perfect atmosphere for college football
3	If you're a U of A or Michigan State fan, this is the bar to watch the game. Upper Deck is a decent sports bar in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale. Decent is the common word to describe Upper Deck. The food is decent, the drinks are decent, the prices are decent and the space is decent. On game day, the bar can get pretty crowded so its best to get there before the game you want to watch actually starts in order to secure a seat. The upstairs area has another bar and additonal seating, including some red velvelt couches. On the ground floor, TVs line the walls and a theater TV is on the center wall. So, if your game is playing on that TV it's perfect. I typically only visit Upper Deck on a game day, but in that sense they've got their niche covered because on those, the place is packed. Be prepared to wait for your food and drinks due to the crowds but if you don't mind large crowds and decent (not always so quick) service, I suggest visiting to watch a game. And if possible, you might want to eat before. The food is decent, but it's worth checking out some other spots first and having a snack at Upper Deck.
4	I'm not from Scottsdale, but let me tell you - this place was like MAGIC.  If you're a Philly fan, this is your spot.  Phils/Eagles fans are a little crazy, and they were both playing side-by-side on the big screens tonight.  You can imagine what the atmosphere was like in the bar.Nothing fancy about the inside - lots of flat screens and projector screens so you can watch the game(s).  There are kind of 3 areas - table seating (and a few couches), the actual bar, and the upstairs.  Not a whole lot of people were sitting in the "upper deck", but there was some raffle stuff going on and they were playing some random games up there.If this review were based on the food alone, it wouldn't get 4 stars.  I had the beef sliders - fries were dry, sliders were greasy, but c'mon.  This is a sports bar.  You go to drink beer, eat some whatever food, and have a good time.  I didn't get the sense of any of the servers being rude or whatever like some of the other reviews - the bartender was actually really chill.Bottom line, wear your Phils/Eagles gear (almost everyone wearing vintage stuff from Philavania.com), grab a beer, and enjoy your time at this bar that brings a bit of the city of brotherly love to the desert.Oh yeah, check to make sure the Phillies or Eagles are playing before you go haha.
2	I like whiskey. I showed up before 11 pm, paid the $5 cover for hip-hop night (a Friday) because inside they have $1 well drinks. Honestly, how are you out of whiskey that early in the night.Needless to say I was forced to drink vodka. I'm not all that friendly when drunk on vodka.The place is okay to watch games. I've never gotten friendly service, more of a disdained treatment. I'll probably still come here when my friends bring me along. But there are better sports bars in the area.The only time I can recommend coming here is for New Year's Eve when they have a block party on the street with live music and  with the two bars across the street.
2	I should start this review where it really began: outside of the bar trying to find a parking spot. This place is in the heart of downtown Scottsdale, so parking is going to be an issue anywhere. Luckily it is next to a 3 hour (FREE!) parking garage, so plan just to park there instead of driving around.I walked into Upper Deck around 7:30pm Saturday night and it was PACKED! Upper Deck is a two story bar with many comfortable places to sit and lots of TVs - couches are in the lounge area and there are several bars through-out the place.The environment is inviting but the service is HORRIBLE. When we finally made our way through the crowd and to the bar, it took several attention grabbing gestures before the bartender even noticed me and when he finally got around to asking me what I wanted, he was rude, snobby, and disrespectful.Overall, there are plenty of places to watch a sporting match and lots of places that deserve my business with better service. Despite the inviting atmosphere, I won't be patronizing this bar again.
4	Great place for Sparty fans. Go Greeen! Go White! Food is good, atmosphere is fun.
3	great garden salad awesome Turkey sandwich
4	Great sports bar.  Lots of nice tvs. Food was fast and tasty.  Bar food.
4	I go there at least twice a month for my Kiwanis meeting.  We started meeting there back in the days in 2007.  All the servers are extremely friendly, we know the owners very well since they just been inducted as Honorary Member of my Kiwanis Club.If you want some cheap food and drinks, they have a $1.50 hamburger on Wednesdays, and lots of 2-4-1 deals on Friday and Saturday nights.They also have a lot of TV's inside for different sports.  College hoops, college footballs, NFL, NHL, NBA, and MLB.Definitely worth your time checking out the place.
1	Worked in Scottsdale for over 18 years.  Ventured into this place for lunch last week and what a dissappointment.  Like a strip club, this place probably feels better at night.  During the day it felt really unkept.  Tried the chicken wings, a staple of any good sports bar right?  Not here.  A couple of the "wings" were so mangled they were not recognizeable.  Think "Frog Back".  Needles to say, I cant recommend nor will I go back.
3	Monday evening at 5:30p....The streets are empty....we walk into the bar looking for a Happy Hour beer while we wait for a Yelp event to get started a few doors down.   Noticing a couple of people on the sidewalk we expected more people inside....*crickets chirping*  [You'd hear them if it wasn't for a few of the TVs that had their volume turned up.]  The interior was welcoming and clean...but why are we the only ones here...The bartender was rather indifferent and sauntered over like he was wishing he could be somewhere else too.  We had a leisurely beer and tabbed out....I may have to check out this place again if I find myself in the area.
2	Blech! The ONLY redeeming quality of this place is that  they play the school's fight song throughout the game, if there is an alumni group watching. Combined with menu items named for teams that call the Upper Deck "home," it's easy to find school spirit.That said: the food is "meh" -- the "big ass burrito" is the size of a microwavable burrito you may find in any middle school. The quality is about the same.Service is mediocre.NO real drink specials during big games is the icing on the cake.Definitely not my first choice and I plan to find a different place to watch next season.
2	one star is for the tvs. good amount of them, and a couple giant ones. i guess it depends what game(s) they have on them for one to care. 2 floors which is kinda cool. one star for the possible specials. daily ones for food and sometimes nightly ones for drinks, or something, it always seems to change. food still not worth it. if you can find drink specials at a time that suits you, maybe its worth a look. otherwise, dont bother. note this as a .51 star.this place used to have better food/menu for about the same prices. i even ranked them having the top 3 fries in town. that has since changed. i went last weekend for lunch and got 3 measly dry sliders and fries for $10. my friend got a chicken wrap for the same price. wtf. pathetic.off track betting which might be the only one around if youre into that kinda thing, you know, losing money. but youll lose it regardless if you pay for a meal here.
3	I'm not sure what's going on but something is wrong in your kitchen.   It's not the menu it's whoever is cooking the food.  I used to rank the burgers as best in town but now we can't stomach it.  Foods cold or undercooked as has been for past year. It's a great state atmosphere but we can't cheer much if we are throwing up outside. Seriously, please please please please please please just fix the food.  Serve a limited menu on gameday no one wants a salad.  Just focus on a small number of items and do them well.  We just went to another bar and the owner came out and asked what we liked and how he can improve.  Do that.  Take a poll.  Get it back to how it was years ago please.  This review will be 5 stars if you do.
3	Went here to watch college football and playoff baseball.  Decent TV setup and adequate seating.  Food is a different story.  Our soft drinks we ordered (coke) were flat with almost no fizz.  Didn't opt for any beer that day, so can't judge that.  Food order was not brought out correctly, and food quality was average at best.  Potato skins as appetizer were decent though.Told waitress the pop was flat and she didn't charge us for them, and offered us something else.  Service was good, and this place has potential to be very good, but right now theres much better choices in Scottsdale and the east valley.
4	This is my favorite place in the valley to go to for UofA games. They have a great set up and for Scottsdale, great drink specials.The staff is awesome and they blare "Bear Down" on the speakers. If UofA has an away game this is where you'll find me.  The only reason I gave this place 4 instead of 5 stars is because of some food issues. The food is not bad, its very standard bar food. It did take a little over an hour for our table to get a 60 wing order. It was busy and there were a lot of big wing orders there that night. The waitress did apologize for the long wait and gave us an appetizer for free.
2	don't bother. It might be in the "exclusive" area, but the service, drinks don't match the location. I came here for an 80's party and only one bar was working...with ONE person. So the guy handled better with cash. I had a gingerale-rum and it was LAME (compared to the one at Goat head). Food? Oh gladly I had already had dinner somewhere else. The plates I saw coming looked BAD.
1	I have gone here a few times in the last few years. I remember one time, ordering the sliders... DISGUSTING!!! It tasted like rotten meat... or as if the meat had fallen on the ground and put back on the buns. GROSS. It was game day, so it took forever getting the food, so we never complained or asked for another order since we had been starving. I ate the fries ONLY. Then, another time I visited, we asked for Pizza Rolls (thinking maybe they're as good as Casey Jones'). Nope... they were friggin Totino's pizza rolls, probably like $4 for a box of them at the grocery store, but $6.95 here. The next time I went, I didn't order food, I knew better! Don't have much to say about drinks, since I had nothing but water. Even that doesn't taste great though, like tap water. Great atmosphere for games, but just atrocious food.
3	Nice, hidden place in downtown. Kinda small though for The Great Urban Race.
4	The food here is fine, not great but not bad. We had wings in Jack Daniels honey hot sauce which was really good. My buddy had Philly sliders and I had regular burger sliders both with tots. Pretty solid.  The service was really good this night but it's usually mediocre. You come here for sporting events though and they do a great job of making sure what you want is on (keep in mind it's a Philly sports bar). I asked then to put the U of A game on and it was on a local New Mexico station that was really hard to find. They spent 5 minutes in the phone with direct tv just to make sure they got subscribed to it and which channel it would be on after 10 minutes of manual searching. U of A won! I'd give them 3 stars for our overall experiences over the years, but they get a solid 4 for going to that extent to make me happy.
2	Went here because the UofA Phoenix alumni held a viewing party for Wildcats baseball game.I agree with the other reviews: they are understaffed. They had 3 waitresses for about 40+ people. I was disappointed because they took 50 minutes from taking our drink orders to our food orders. Even after writing down what we wanted the waitress still forgot what beers my friends' got and we had to check up with the girl after 15 minutes and had to repeat their drink orders. Service got better at the end of the night (made sure our food was ok, refilled our drinks, and split the checks without complaining), but the beginning of the night left a bad taste in my mouth.Food was made quickly but it was nothing to brag about: our whole table ordered burgers and they are all just slight variations of one another. Even the salsa/chips appetizer was mediocre: most of the chips were crushed up and the salsa seems store-bought (other sports bars I've been to have made their own salsa, so call me a snob I guess).One bright side was that there was an open bar for 30 minutes after the Cats won. But overall, a less than pleasant experience.
2	The food is 1 star I would rather starve to death, but great place to watch NFL games and they have tons of tvs.
1	I went here on a Sunday night with my girlfriend looking to get a drink and some food. It was a bit later, a little past 10 pm, so when we walked in we asked the bouncer if they were still serving food. He told us they were, so we decided to check it out. It was pretty empty, with less than ten people in the entire place. First, we sat down at the bar at the first floor for a few minutes and could not find either a bartender or a server so we went upstairs. We sat at the round bar where there was a young female bartender putting stuff away and setting up. We waited for at least ten minutes while she was doing this. She didn't make eye contact or say anything to us even though we were literally sitting less than two feet from her. Finally, I asked if we could get a couple menus. She rudely said something like "Uh, we don't serve food past ten" then walked away. And so did we. I get it if you don't serve food late, but don't have your bouncer tell us you do. Also, if people come into your dead establishment looking to spend their money, maybe you should make some sort of effort to treat them like human beings. I can't wait until this place closes down and a new bar/grill opens that actually wants people to come in.Upper Deck: I award you no stars, and may God have mercy on your soul.
1	This place has the perfect storm of terribleness. A handful of UofA fans can ruin any bar but this place is particularly bad. In summary: Bad service, Construction fence around the perimeter, smells of broken dreams, a haven for the worst fans (wildcats, michigan and philadelphia eagles? Who knew you could find all of them in the same place!). Pretty sure I saw a kid, age 10-14, playing cornhole out front too.
5	Ok I don't like to give places 5 stars often, especially on my first time at a restaurant, but Upper Deck/Blitz was great place to watch the UofA game. I was surprised to see so many Wildcat fans at the bar.  I've heard that Blitz host the young alumni club view parties but never had a chance to come.  Seeing there is a battle with the Pac 12 network Direct TV so I found myself searching for a place to watch the game.   I've heard that this place gets real busy.  We arrived half way though the 1st quarter of the game and we were lucky to get a table near the big screen and had a perfect view of the game.  We had wings which were excellent ad a few pitchers of beer. Best thing we got our bill and saw that Yelp had a special for $30 for a $50 tab. So I ordered it on my phone and decided to have another beer each and more wings. Great price and when I checked in Yelp had offered us free house shots!  Awesome deal and thank you Yelp!Overall great service, got a seat in front of the big screen, they play dance music on commercials and during half time, and have a lot of chanting. They even play Bear Down after a score and on a good play!   I go to at least half of the season down in Tucson for the football games and this it the next best thing to the real game at the stadium!!I will be back here for my Wildcat games! Excellent price with the help of Yelp and great atmosphere for a big game!!!
4	I have been to this bar two times with two totally different experiences.The first time I went was because we wanted to check out the Eagles bar. It was a Saturday night in December and it was totally dead. I imagine that the only time they really do business is if there is a game on and there weren't any games at that time. But even though it was dead, our bartender was very attentive. They did close a little early but we didn't blame them and we were able to trek over to Dos Gringos to keep the drink on. The second time I went was the night before an Eagles Cardinals game. They were holding a special event. They set up in the lot next door so half of the party was outside that night. They were also projecting the UFC fight. On the inside, it was U of A central. They were playing Oregon and it was rocking with Wildcat fans and it was standing room only.
4	I came to this bar to enjoy the UFC fight and catch up with some college football games. It was only my second time at this bar but I really enjoyed it. The location includes two levels, a deck (hence the name:), two bars, an outside patio, & over 50 televsions with the biggest attraction being a huge theater sized screen upon entering, loved it!!!I'm a total Girly-Girl but I do love my sports. I was glad to see I wasn't the only one there cheering teams on while chugging down beer in pageant hair, hot pants, and 6 inch Lady Gaga heels. I loved that there were various diverse groups of people throughout the area.The drink prices were competitive & the staff was amazing. Cheers to the waitstaff and servers that night, seriously. The placed was well beyond packed and incredibly loud (I want my eardrums back!!), however they still managed to deliver immediate, prompt, service. The menu prices were good too. All I had were burgers and fries which were pretty delicious, well done and seasoned. My advice is make sure to actually swallow your food first before jumping out of your seat when your team scores a winning touch down. I learned that the hard way. Best sports bar I've been to so far.
4	This place is an awesome sports bar, with a tv in every direction! Best and most friendly place to watch a U of A cats game in this sun devil town! However the food is not so great
3	I know this recently changed it's name from Upper Deck to Blitz - I have yet to visit the new venue though I've heard it remains about the same. This is a good place to watch the game and drink a beer.
4	Great beer at good prices! The food is a little expensive, however, it comes with a lot. When I go in, I love betting on the horse races.. And they have a great bartender, Sam. One of my favorite sports bars.
1	You wouldn't believe the experience we had here. We arrived on a Thursday night at 8:00 PM, for the Arizona -Oregon game and some food. All the other bars in Old Town Scottsdale were packed. This place had about three tables occupied. While we had a great server, cute and sweet and friendly, we noticed how they kept serving beer to a table of about six guys who were really outrageously drunk. I mean they were really tanked -- loud, obnoxious, and using the F word in every other sentence. They had some kind of altercation with our sweet waitress and left in a huff. We were leaving about the same time, and my wife and I stumbled into them at the door of the bar where they had stopped, put their you-know-what's in their hands, and were pissing all over Blitz's floor. It was a real treat to see what we saw (not really) and my wife screamed for the manager. He came running, but the guys had all taken off down the street. The bar manager didn't offer to do anything for us. I think "Come on, let me buy you a drink" would have been an appropriate response for that one. I rate the place with one star because of this experience. It feels like it is going out of business in the next few days, it's dead, plus the food was only marginal and I had a choice of three lousy beers because their taps were dead on others. I would avoid this establishment at all costs.
3	Honestly, I'm torn.  The wings were super delicious.  We like "hot" and they came through.  Moist with the right amount of sauce.  We also ordered the Philly steak flatbread entree.  It was really delicious and came out nice and hot, but the size is more of an appetizer for two rather than an entree. The service on the other hand was lacking.  It appeared they only had two people in the whole bar, which would make sense why my boyfriend had to get up from our table and walk to the bar to order another round of drinks and then again for our food and again for the bill.  The server was nice enough, but I don't recommend going on a weeknight if you would like service.  Also, do NOT go on Tuesdays unless you want to hear some DJ doing the worst team trivia night ever.  He was way too fast and not even in visual range.  He did stop to say hello, but then started taking random pictures of people (including us) to post on his blog.  I believe he needs permission legally to do so.  I will go back for the food, but it will not be during "off" hours.
3	Was a cool spot due to its support for UA athletic events and loved the location in Scottsdale.  Would probably check out again.
3	I give this place 3 stars for the hard work of a 3 dedicated employees. John , leah, and Sarah actually manage to make this lifeless place enjoyable. All 3 are great bartenders the only reason I come back. The food is good but a bit over priced and they always seem to be out of the more popular beers. They do have 2 giant projector screens in addition to like 20 t.v.'s. The place really has no personality and it seems as though ownership doesn't care or doesn't know what they're doing.
1	just an FYI -- this dump is now closed. yelp should update this or delete the account in general. the new owners drove this place straight into the ground.Once this place became Blitz Sports Bar & Grill it was a lost cause. The new owner cared more about turning it into his version of Twin Peaks than the actual patrons or sports. The food quality was beyond disgusting. The bathrooms were so gross I had to leave and walk across the street so I could feel safe. There were flies EVERYWHERE in the restaurant... super safe for food. NOT.This place was amazing when it was Upper Deck! People loved it and they had a huge MSU & U of A following. Now it has chains on the doors and is pitch black inside. So sad.
3	This is a Michigan bar. I enjoy watching Michigan football. My girlfriend and I are both from Michigan, and at the time had recently moved out here from Michigan and thought it would be a nice shot of home for the Michigan vs. Alabama game. This is a Michigan bar. I should have known there are a million Michigan fans EVERYWHERE. I had quite the vision for how the first weekend of college football was going to go last season. It was beautiful. I had told a bunch of people that if they were interested they could join at Blitz for the game, but I wasn't really concerned whether they came or not because when I watch college football, I watch college football. In the end, I maybe should have followed up a bit more if I wanted any one to show up, but I was in the zone. Unfortunately, not realizing the popularity of this bar as it pertains to Michigan football, I underestimated how many people would be utilizing Blitz on this fine day. I had already bought the yelp deal thinking I was brilliant, a $25 for $50 available at a Michigan bar on this day... HA! Well I walked up to the hostess and asked for a table. It was clearly very busy, and she said what time is your reservation? Now, this is a SPORTS bar, to be perfectly honest, not that nice of one. So, I said, "Oh I actually don't have one, how long do you think it will be?". At this point, she still hadn't looked up from her book, but now she does, and laughs, "you don't have a reservation? Then you're not getting a table." Again, this was my first time here, I had no idea it would be such a hot spot for this game. Some people might be reading this thinking, yeah what the hell were you thinking, but hey it didn't occur to me I would need a reservation so what's done is done. Ended up watching the game at home, which I am usually happy about anyway because I can concentrate on the game. I wasn't all that happy though obviously because Michigan got blown out. Went back to use my $25 for $50, there is much better bar food out there. The only reason it's getting three is because they have a $25 for $50, which is an amazing deal at a restaurant.
2	A sports bar in Scottsdale you assume would have a little of that Scottsdale flair right? A little style, a little pizzazz, even with a rougher edge for those who don't fully embrace the Scottsdale flavor!!?!No!No it doesn't. What it is, is a water hole for those drunkards that happens to walk by. A pit stop during a switch in bars, or clubs.. because nobody in their right mind decides to go out, go all the way to Scottsdale and go to THIS place. That plainly doesn't happen. Someone mentioned a smell.. I thought that was my memory serving me wrong, but that is a thing I do remember too. They need to gut this place a replace it with something that is worthy of the location it is in.Yes, they hire cute girls.. so what, who doesn't?!
1	New owners, menu is smaller but the food still is good. Soft drinks were mixed wrong, the draft Coors light tastes funny... no more bells Obererons on draft.  Seating arrangements suck now. Not enough seating for big games.
