5	Kusina Ni Lorraine could easily become my new favorite Filipino Restaurant in Las Vegas. We recently had their food for Christmas dinner - delicious! Portions are big but the tastes are bigger! I recommend the pancit, lechon kiwali and turon - the trifecta of great filipino food.
4	So much for my "First to Review"I'm 2nd to reviewFamily trip to Vegas means a few things.- Be prepared to eat. Buffets all day everyday!- Practice that smile, because you will be taking lots of pics!! (Oo the Eiffel tower!, ooh the lights!, Ooh the water show!, Ooh the giant billboard of the half naked ladies!)- Be prepared to take turns watching the kids (rugrats not allowed on the casino floors)- Be prepared to eat.Yes I know I said that twice, but its the honest truth. When you go to Vegas with the fams I swear they just want to eat everything.On this particular trip, buffets were on top of the list. A full buffet of Filipino food is what made this trip different than all my other trips to Vegas!Kusina ni Lorraine(Lorraine's Kitchen?) used to be called Lolas. It is located off the strip in a Filipino plaza. (Filipinos taking over!? First Manny, now the buffet industry??)Good:- the grub. Besides the typical Pancit, lumpia, adobo, they had other favorites of mine such as beef steak, kare kare(dish made with peanut butter) and other items I cannot pronounce nor spell..(sad, I know)- Family owned. Lorraine herself took care of us!Bad:- if only there were more variety. (Like at the typical buffets, you have food from around the world. Here you have food from the Philippines...exciting, I know)Ugly:- My belly! I don't live at home anymore so eating Filipino food is rare. I made sure I packed my stomach with as much as I could!Vegas, yes we know what happens here stays here. Filipino Buffets, please stay there!!
1	Phil-USA Bikers held a breakfast officers meeting last July 24, 2010 at Kusina ni Lorraine.  Kusina ni Lorraine customer service is the lowest of the lowest.  Before two hours of our meeting, we were told by the owner, I believe her name is Aida, that we need to move our motorcycles to the uptairs parking area or leave because there are  only few parking spaces for other customers.  They do not have the right to make us or any paying customer moved their vehicle from the front parking area.  One, there is sign that limits our time to park.  Two, there is no sign that says "Kusina ni Lorraine" parking space so, it is a public spaces.  Their food is close to poison.  I had "Bopes" that morning and I have to missed my lunch and dinner because of gas built-up on my stomach.  That will be the last of me Kusina ni Lorraine visit.
4	Let's see...writing this review is gonna be a bit of a challenge because I really don't know what most of the foods are called.  I will, however, say that Kusina Ni Lorraine is a fantastic buffet.  Having spent 3 nights in Vegas at this point and nursing a hang over, my friend Mon and I headed over to this little buffet on the recommendation of her mother.  Being Filipino, we figured that if her mother approved, Kusina Ni Lorraine must at least be decent.Some of the highlights of this buffet definitely has to be the crab omelets, those delicious little Filipino sausages, and the blood stew.  Everything else there was pretty good too.
4	I'm Filipino and I'm used to all the "interesting" habits of my culture. So when the owner's  cute 2 year old daughter climbed up to the table and starting eating my food that didn't bother me. And it didn't bother me that even tho she took a liking to my 9 month old son and kept playing with him and us and the owners didn't even try to stop her or get her. lol. What can I say? We must all look like relatives to her! Anyways, but for $7.99 and all the choices of food you get, it's a steal. Oh yeah and the flat screen TVs showing TFC on heavy rotation is a plus for the hardcore. It's clean and spacious inside and the owners/staff were constantly wiping up and changing out food. That's probably why they weren't watching their girl. lol.Everything I had was good (fried bangus, pinakbet, bistek, curry) except a small amount of pancit palabok they had out, it tasted spoiled. My MIL, let them know and they immediately removed it, but they didn't offer us a discount. What can I say they're pinoy right? And I personally like my sisig more on the crunchy side. It looked crunchy but wasn't. =( I'd come here again as its so close to the strip and a nice change from all the American buffets etc you'd normally eat in LV. My recap:Pros:-Large selection of tasty food-Clean & spacious facility, so go ahead and bring everyone and their lola-Close to the strip-Attentive and friendly staff-Hella PinoyCons:-Hella Pinoy (lol...kidding).-The spoiled palabok, looked like it was the last bits from lunch or something. -They could have more desserts available in the buffet. All they had was honeydew, pineapple (can), cantaloupe and cheapy ginataan.
3	Been here twice... the selection seemed about the same... but not so sure. It's like walking into an aunt's house. The workers there are friendly, speak Tagalog to you right off the bat, even if you don't speak it (good or bad? Hmmm) and make sure you're ok for the most part.I like the pork gisantes they have, and the pancit is pretty tasty! At $7.99/ person there's not much to complain about. They also sell other goodies and snacks at the register.Probably will be back with the fam soon.Honorable mentions:PusitDiniguan (dinardaraan)Ohh, parking is somewhat odd. One way only, so make sure you take the correct entrance! Although the lot is small, I usually find parking right away!
4	I need to convince the parents to take us here more often instead of our usual spot at Pinoy Pinay. It was hard to come across something that wasn't good. From the adobo, to the pancit, to the bistek (beef steak), to the tinola. It was flat out scrumptious. You're guaranteed to make at least two trips. Forgot to mention it's buffet style, which is a plus in my book. No doubt I'll head back here the next time I want Filipino food in Vegas.
1	The food is bland and tasteless. Maybe I'm spoiled by good filipino food. The tocino is flavorless, how can this happen? The karekare had no flavor as wells as the adobo. Really? How can you botch those up? At least the food was warm and fresh. But I would eat anything cold with more flavor. The food here isn't made with care. This is a big let down.
3	Hubby and I ate here on Sat night, 12/18/10.  Parking is one-way at this little strip mall, so watch where you enter from Maryland Ave.  Kusina Ni Lorraine is a Filipino buffet for $7.99 for AYCE.  Drinks are extra -- don't know if they serve alcohol, as we don't drink alcohol.  But they have a choice of sodas and they also serve ice tea.  The variety of meats (ulam) are mixed and varied.  But unfortunately most of it was pretty greasy.  I had the kare kare  -- which was not the best in the world as it was pretty bland, even after adding the bagoong.  I also sampled the paksiw, bistek, pusit (squid), and pinakbet.  The bistek and pusit were good of the meats I sampled.  Hubby had the sweet & sour meatballs, bistek, pancit, and beef caldereta.  Hubby enjoyed the bistek and caldereta.    The steamed rice is on the buffet in a regular steam pan and not in a large rice cooker (as most Filipino restaurants serve their steamed rice from a large rice cooker).  Prefer the steamed rice to be in a rice cooker so that it doesn't dry out.  Oh well  ...  There is also a choice of fried rice.  Not too many desserts on the buffet  --  I did see a rice bibingka, but since we do not really eat dessert, we did not go looking for any others.  This is a cash only establishment, so be forewarned.  There are TV's on each wall with TFC on.  The restaurant is relatively clean and although not "Johnny on the Spot" with clearing your dirty plate, they do eventually come to your table to pick up your dirty plates.  They do insist that when you go for 2nd or 3rd helpings that you pick up a new plate.  (I believe this is a Nevada state law regarding buffets).  This is only the 2nd Filipino restaurant we've tried in Vegas.   We've been to Pinoy/Pinay and it is still our favorite in Vegas.  Although for $7.99 a person, Kusina Ni Lorraine is still a bargain.  You are bound to find an "ulam/meat" that you like, as they do have a large and varied selection.  Next time we are in Vegas, we will have to try them during breakfast/lunch hours to see if their breakfast foods are better.
4	If you are craving some good Filipino Style Home Cooked foods and too lazy to cook that day....GO HERE!Whenever someone asks -"Where is there a good Filipino Restaurant?" - I always say KNL!  It's not a fancy place,  so don't expect VIP treatment or someone waiting on your beckon call.  What you can expect is plain ole good cooking like home.  If you get there early enough...you can have "SILOG" BFASTS.  - and all the times we have gone there- they always have fresh CHICHARON CHICKEN SKIN.  (Which my gf Yvette loves)Lots of choices also.  ( I have been to other Flip Buffets and the choices were not as much as KNL)$$$$ the price?  So minimal for a buffet! But carry cash only.Location?  If you are visiting and staying on the strip- it is not too far for a quick cab ride.If you are into TFC...they have it on for your pleasure.  Dessert- not really much, GINATAAN and some cut up fruits.  But really.... after hella eating- who needs fruits.  At the counter where you pay there are some CHICHIRIA (snacks) you can check out and buy.  I highly recommend this place.  Go enjoy....your tummy will be happy.DON'T FORGET TO TIP YOUR BUSBOY!  BE NICE.
5	LOVE IT!  I wish there was a Filipino restaurant just like this out here in California, even more so out here in Garden Grove!
4	this place isn't a typical restaurant or buffet that you're looking for if you're not filipino. as for me, the atmosphere felt almost as if i went back home again {: it's been a long while since i've eaten filipino. so i was DEFINITELY satisfied when i ate over there!i think it'd be better if they had a dessert section though. cus filipino desserts are yummy! instead, they had a fruit section that was not getting refilled :[
4	KUSINA NI LORRAINE is a 'MUST' if you're:1. Visiting Las Vegas and in dire need to have filipino food...2. On a budget... Buffet for $7.99...Gotta admit... I've tasted better on some dishes, but overall, the variety is awesome, ingredients taste fresh and there are so many dishes... guaranteed something for everyone!If this review meets your criteria... What you waiting on??? GO!
5	We had a reunion recently in Vegas.  I had arranged for my cousin & her hubby to pick me up at the airport before meeting with my friends ...my plane came 3 hours earlier than most of them. I was craving for some  "dinuguan" they  drove me to this place for lunch.Love It....I come from New York where most Filipino restaurants serve a combo of 2 courses plus rice for $5.95 and the portions are too damn small.  This Kusina ni Lorraine is a filipino buffet ...Eat all you can for $7.99.  .and the dishes are pretty good...the pinapaitan, sisig, sinampalokang manok, dinuguan, inihaw na baboy, bopiz, adobong pusit, munggo guisado,tinola, binagooan, were my favorites..but the list did not end there...they have kare-kare, adobo, pancit, tahong, ampalaya guisado, upo guisado, and many more.....It's so good we had to go back  there like 3 times..we also dined in other filipino places, but I find this place a lot better...For desserts they have cut up fruits...pineapple, cantaloupe, honeydew & watermelon.  Oh and some ginatang muggo...They also have tuyo, tapa, tocino, daing na bangus, fried egg...longanisa...unbelievable...I wish there was one like this here in NEW YORK!!!   .Will I go back again?  Certainly!!!!
1	If you love food that's floating with oil, then go A head be my guest.
4	this buffet is only $7.99 with soda being extra. they have a pretty clean and spacey dinning area with flat screen tvs playing TFC.  mirrors on walls opposite from the tvs so everyone can watch. considering the beat up location around the restaurant i give them props. most of the food is pretty good like their lechon dish. they could've added a chicken dish like chicken adobo or bbq or fried chicken cause there was only meat or seafood dishes. they also have some Filipino snacks and desserts that are sold separately from the buffet.they are friendly and have good customer service. the llittle girl always does funny things cause she doesn't know any better. she took the open/close sign from the window and started waving it around while they were cleaning up and already closed. she also kept pushing away the moping bucket when they were moping.
1	Ok I just moved into the area and came into Kusina Ni Lorraine to get some take-out.  This place was extremely busy at the buffet so that usually is a good sign.  My dad bought some entrees and I purchased some dessert items.   I bought 2 karioka sticks, 1 banana que, and 1 halo-halo.  I gave them a $20 bill and received $7 back.  Of course, there is no pricing on any of the items except the halo-halo, which was listed on the board for $4.  At first I thought this was really expensive and after consulting with my wife and dad in the car, my instincts were right.  Being Filipino-American and only being able to speak in English, I felt they definitely decided to pull one over on me and overcharge.  As I was leaving, they were talking about me in Tagalog and I'm not sure exactly what they said but I laughed and they knew I understood.  So when I got home, I anonymously called and asked how much the karioka and banana que are.  They told me $1.99 for the banana que and $1.75 each for the karioka.  So the total should have been $9.50 instead of the $13 I was charged.  I immediately confronted them about the price discrepancy and the lady obviously remembered me coming in and came up with an excuse saying she charged me for a "large" halo-halo that cost $6 instead of $4.  Anyways, you get the point.  The halo-halo and banana q weren't good and the karioka was decent.   My dad ordered sisig and it was soggy.  The other entrees he got weren't that good either.We won't be coming back and I'll be sure to tell others not to waste their time here.  It's too bad because they lost potentially long-term customers.  I'm sure there are much better Filipino places in the area that I'll be giving my money to in the future.
5	love it!!! great filipino buffet. we love the staff. great place to go anytime of the day
4	Food is alright. Just dont waste ur food so u dont get charged xtra.
2	Darn it, I really wanted this place to be awesome. We arrived there after work around 7:40p...they closed at 8p! So we had to deal with the leftovers from the day. So of course, as all endings to Filipino parties go the food was luke warm, there were no garlic rice, no lumpia, and very limited choices. Well, $8 for dinner ain't nada I guess. Soda is extra btw. At least the ladies were nice about us being there. There were even a couple people coming in for dinner, so I didn't feel too bad. TFC (The Filipino Channel) was on, of course which made me feel like I was at my mom's house. Gave me a warm feeling...unlike the food. HA!I had heard very good things about this place in it's primetime (lunchtime is the best I heard) but I definitely won't be coming back that late. I'll try it again when I'm back in town.
4	One of my favorite Filippino buffets in Las Vegas. Its not their fault they lost a star. Its just the area. Lock your car. It is a comfortable, and clean restaurant. When I dine here, I get memories of the Philippines.
4	Treated myself this is homestyle Filipino buffet yesterday before meeting a friend at the New Hispanic Museum of Nevada location at the Boulevard mall across the street and before attending RAWVegas last night.  I came hungry as was not disappointed. Eating here transports back to the barangays and the fish head soup was particularly memorable for me.  This is basic Filipino fare but always satisfying.As the other reviewers point out,  this restaurant is basic Filipino cafeteria style, but very clean and the staff invariably pleasant.  There is a wide selection of dishes, although a Vegan would find the offerings rather meager.
1	Hands down, the worst Filipino buffet I've ever been to. I really didn't like the food selection (not varied enough, too bland) and the restaurant could be a little cleaner.My major gripe was when I found a long piece of hair in my fish. I pointed it out to the wait staff and the lady just took away my plate without offering any apology. On top of it, I was still charged full price for the buffet. I realize that restaurants have different policies when handling these types of situations, but the least the staff could have done was acknowledge my complaint instead of sweeping it under the rug. I will never go here again.
5	We had lunch here yesterday, and it was so delicious. We enjoyed every dish, and Maribec is a food critic especially of her own cuisine. So that says a lot. Staff was very friendly. "Bangus" was deep-fried with crispy skin.... fabulous. I enjoyed everything! Plus, it was all extremely reasonable. $7.99 per person, not counting beverages.
4	Came here for the first time last weekend.  Funny how I found out about this place from out of town friends.  Food is varied.  I took three trips to the buffet and every time, there is new dish being served.   Most dishes are good, reminds you of your mom's or aunt's cooking.  Pancit malabon and kare-kare are my favorites.  Some are just ok.Wish they served leche flan for dessert.  But for about $10, soda included, this buffet was worth it.
4	I felt like I was eating at at Filipino family party at this place, for only $7.95 per person.  CASH ONLY (leave the credit cards in your wallet).   You can eat as healthy (or unhealthy) you want here.   Non-Filipinos were eating here when I visited, so perhaps they think the food is good here, too ??   Looking forward to coming back here.  Worth it, especially if you are from out of town, AND have a car rental.  Not sure it's worth it if you have a take cab from the strip, since it's a lil bit of drive.Food isn't really greasy for Filipino food.  Didn't taste any MSG, either =).  Limited dessert selection (i.e. fresh fruit), but you don't eat here for the dessert.Enjoy your favorite ABS-CBN or GMA shows, depending on what channel is on !  Great service.
5	This place is seriously the bomb!  Delicious food, excellent service and not too far from the strip.  Everyone must try this place.  I will definitely come back here when in Vegas!!! I was upset with my family from Vegas for not letting me know about this place sooner.
5	Good stuff and pretty cheap too!!!
1	We decided to try this buffet again, we were in vegas last year and wasn't impressed with this establishment for the main reason: FOOD IS ALWAYS COLD!!!! For goodness sake, turn up the heat underneath where the food sits and no need to make a mound of food, the dilis was piled  mountain high but tasted stale and cold. I will guarantee you from getting your plate of food to sitting down, your food will be cold. Food is bland, it's seems like they are more concerned with the quantity of food they put out instead of the quality. I won't go there again.
5	Best filipino food deal in vegas. Bar none!!
4	I always come here to get some food to-go, and the staff are always so friendly and helpful. You can get a plate of rice and two types of food for $5--what a deal!The food is best around lunchtime and right before dinner--that is when it is the freshest because of the turnover from the number of people eating there.On Sundays, the dining room can be packed full of hungry Filipino families chowing down for the buffet, and they keep the food coming pretty regularly. For only around $8 a person for quality Filipino food, this place is great for a group of people to eat.The only thing I don't like is the area where the restaurant is located. Directly across Maryland Parkway from Sears/the Boulevard Mall, this place makes me want to get out of my car and into the restaurant quickly, and vice versa when I'm done. The parking lot can be also be pretty full, so you may have to go around again and park on the roof. It is also not the most pleasant area to be around in the evening. I have no qualms about the restaurant itself, however!When you come, try their sisig or the bopis. They're both usually pretty fresh and delicious. The kare-kare is also excellent, with extra bagoong. Try it out!
3	While visiting Vegas with family, our family friend who lives in the area took us here. Where my mom currently lives does not have filipino food available, so she was excited to go to a buffet that was exclusively filipino food.The price is reasonable... I think it was a little below $8 a person (not including drinks). The food was really good and the variety was great! Whenever one dish would run-out, they would bring out a totally different dish in its place. So I knew what we were eating was fresh (for a buffet haha). I guess that's also a downer though. When your favorite dish is gone, it's gone (well until the kitchen decides to make another batch). Loved the bilo-bilo that came out right when we finished, so I had to go make a quick run to grab some before it ran out.The manang (who I assume is the owner or family of the owner) was very kind and great to talk to. She kept apologizing that they didn't make a certain dish that a person in our group wanted to eat. She also gave me the heads up that the bilo-bilo was out. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat at this place, but I wouldn't not go back here.
4	I was glad that we got to try out this Filipino restaurant when we visited LV last week. I'm not familiar with any Filipino buffets in Socal so this was a treat. First off, the selection is quite a lot when considering that most turo turo only have between 6-8 dishes available. When I went they had at least 20. For sure they had everything from Dinuguan, Tocino, Daing, Munggo and even Sisig (which was my favorite dish of all).The place itself was clean. The area where the food was held was clean as well. The only thing I thought was different was the use of the trays. I know that probably served to keep the area clean and all, but I felt it just used up more room on the tables than needed to be. That part wasn't really much of a deterrent. I will come back again.My only gripe would be the parking. There is a one way parking and above building parking if you don't see it right away you'll miss it and have to make a u turn or two. hehe. If it wasn't for that I may have given 5 stars. Especially being the only filipino buffet around (not to mention the taste of the food was good!
4	"Pinay ako!" That's the Filipino/Tagalog phrase for "I'm a Filipina." When I saw this place had Hello Kitty stickers with "Pinay ako" on their wall, I had a feeling this was a good place. (Hehe, I tend to like places with Hello Kitty...who would have thought ;). Anyways my first instinct was right because Kusina ni Loraine is great! They have a buffet filled with lots of Filipino food! If you've never ever had Filipino food ever, this would be the place to try it out! They have traditional favorites like Filipino pork bbq, beef steak, kare kare (Filipino peanut butter stew), sisig (sour fried pork) and pancit (noodles). . They also have items you don't see often at a Filipino buffet like fried chicken skin, chicken curry, picadillo (ground beef with potatoes) and molo soup (dumpling soup with noodles).  It's a great selection of savory eats and tasty treats! I really liked that I got a little taste of all of my favorite Filipino food here! There's nothing like eating a fulfilling meal of white rice topped with kare kare sauce and pairing it with pork bbq sticks! Yum!Aside from the savory offerings, Kusina ni Lorraine also has some desserts. They have a fruit bar with grapes, cantaloupes and honey dew. The day I went they also offered a yummy Filipino dessert via ginataang totong (coconut dessert with mung beans). The ginataang totong was sweet and very good. It is like eating rice pudding.The buffet here is $7.99. You can pay another $1.50 for the soda.They also offer other treats here for an extra price like turon (banana eggroll), 3 for $2 and Filipino ice cream popsicles and ice cream drumsticks, $1.50-$1.99 each. They also sell a variety of different chichirya or Filipino snacks via chips, crackers and other goodies! (Oh and  they sell non food items like the  cool Filipino stickers with the Hello Kitty I mentioned earlier ;) and Filipino clothing)Kusina ni Lorraine is a great place to try different Filipino food! Whether you are looking to eat a traditional meal or a light snack, you can find it here! I have found my new place for Filipino food in Vegas! Pinay ako and I love good Filipino food!
1	Saw a worker drop a couple of plates on the ground and put it back on the trays for serving. Hmmmmm E-coli yummy. Sub par food gives this place one whole star!
4	This Filipino buffet smashes on all the Filipino buffets I've been to in Cali. There is a big selection and they had all the favorites I grew up to. They had chicharon bulaklak, dinuguan, beef steak, sisig, and more. Plenty of food for an unbelievable price.Like my parents when I was growing up, they wasn't any air conditioning but plenty of fans. The food and the atmosphere made me feel like I was back at home. I ordered a halo halo for dessert and it topped off an already sensational meal. Definitely going back again when I come visit Las Vegas.
2	Never tried Filipino food, so I couldn't wait to try this out.  The buffet is quite large and has an extensive selection.  But buffet food is buffet food.  Seems to me that the taste or the quality of food was at best average.  Nothing blew me away.  Nothing was terrible either.  I really wasn't impressed.  The fresh fruit was the best part of it.
1	Do not come here this is the worst restaurant i ever been. Food quality and customer service are both below average.
5	I'm from Texas & visiting Vegas once again but with my family this time. Let me start by saying i checked out the yelp comments first before coming to the restaurant. The negative feedback or 1 star were a little harsh but i still wanted to check out the place & experience the buffet (erthing is bigger in Texas, but no such thing as a Filipino buffet down here). So i was pretty excited! Lemme tell u, my overall experience was a total bliss. & same goes with my family. To all the haters saying no taste, too greasy, too soggy, too cold, hair in my food, dirty place, smell like clorox, over charged me this/that, soda is extra...c'mon! What's next, "this place made me fat!" This place is obvously not getting enough props. But bros, sis, uncles, unties, lolos, lolas...stop hatin!  If you dont like this place perhaps you've been domesticated far way too long, lol!Until we meet again Lorraine, mad love all the way fr the heart of Texas.
4	I found this place by accident. My wife and kids were at a discount shoe store (extra ghetto) and I took a little walk down through the shopping center and there it was.The GOOD: AYCE Filipino food and it's GOOD. This beats all the other Filipino restaurants/buffets/cafeterias I've ever been to and I've been to about 6 of them both here in Las Vegas AND in Hollywood, CA. The selection is much bigger and the food tastes better in some cases. Also, it's pretty cheap for what it is ($10.03 gets you the buffet and a drink if you're paying by cash)The BAD: 3 things didn't sit well with me about this place: (1) They are either (A) trying to save a buck by keeping the A/C off and running big fans or (B) trying to make the residents feel at home in the humid heat by keeping the restaurant hot. You choose. Either way I think it's ridiculous to NOT have the A/C on and to have all your customers sweating while they eat. Keep in mind that this is VEGAS in the summer! One of the fans wasn't even pointed at us it was pointed at the ceiling. Go fig.. (2) They charged me an extra $1 because I was paying by debit card, which is illegal by Visa/Mastercard policies. (3) It's in a really SEEDY part of town in Central East Las Vegas. There were bums and drug dealers walking all over the place. Most of the other shops were CLOSED around it. Funny sidenote: The shoe store we were in (about 200 feet away from this Filipino restaurant) was sooo GHETTO. They had all these pictures of black women (kids and adults) stealing shoes. These were people they caught on camera stealing shoes... from a DISCOUNT shoe store,,, like I said, it was a SEEDY neighborhood filled with SEEDY people.FINAL VERDICT: I'd still go here because that much good food at that price can't be beat. I'd give this place 5 stars if it weren't for (1) the A/C being off (2) charging me an extra $1 to use a debit card (3) being in a seedy neighborhood
4	Food is great.  plenty to choose from.  I like their adobo squid.  I had them as a kid and it's been a good 20 years since.  however, for some reason, they don't remove the cuttlebone.  so be careful on your first bite.  either lack of time or lack of knowledge on cleaning them up or they think cuttlebones will add more flavor to the dish or that's how they're cooked from 19-kopong-kopongone big turn off is their rice.  either low grade or they don't have a rice cooker.  or maybe they want you to focus on the 'ulam' and skip those carbs.
4	My first filipino buffet here in vegas, selection, food and the inside was good. The only thing that bothered me was the location, as we were coming out there was a guy pushing a cart rummaging through the garbage wearing a Britney spear torn out costume, my 2 year old was like what's that mommy? Other than that I would come back on daytime.
3	Kain na tayo!!!Holy cow are there a ton of choices at this buffet. For only $7.99, you have about 20 items to choose from. My plate was full and I had about 5 tiny bowls on my tray with various stew type dishes: Kare-Kare, monggo, adobo and a few more that I don't know how to pronounce or spell. On this particular visit, there were about 6 different eggplant dishes and I love me some eggplant! Although there are a ton of choices, like any buffet- you have your hits and you have your misses. It was about 50:50. The Kare Kare and the Dinuguan were huge misses, but the lechon kawali and the BBQ pork were huge hits. The fried chicken skin was quite salty but also oh so tasty.  When in Vegas- go big or go home. I came with my family (and when I say "family", we were about 50 people deep). Thank God we made reservations and reserved an entire section for our little get together. The service was quite accommodating and friendly, considering how large and hungry our group was. I was even touched when I saw a homeless man walk in, and one of the servers gave him a cup of something (food? drink? I don't know) but it was a very nice gesture. Way to go, my peeps! *Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 72/100*
4	Great food! Many choices, and they had Sisig and Bopis, which are a steal. They only had few vegetables though, and most of their foods are greasy, but I would definitely go back here again since the price is cheap for a Filipino buffet, and only if you're really hungry go here, otherwise, watch your calories soar above the sky. The location is not a good one, as it's in the ghetto area of Las Vegas, with bums asking for money roaming around the area. Overall, it's a fantastic place!
4	I really enjoyed this Filipino buffet. It's a lot cheaper than the ones in Hawaii and also has so much variety. I love how you could also get your own fountain drink and refills. It's not anything fancy, but the food is pretty good. The rice was kind of mushy and that was my only problem.They also sell snacks and I was super happy they had watermelon seeds available for purchase!!Remember to bring cash because that's all they accept.
4	Very friendly, the menu is awesome sarap talaga.
4	First time to have  Filipino cuisine and it was great!There were lots to pick from and they were always rotating to keep it fresh. And for 7.99 it was well worth it.The restaurant was VERY CLEAN and the staff was overly friendly ready to answer any question the newbie questions I had.Only downside was nothing had names so there was no way to know what you were eating. It was a surprise with every bite. Will suggest it to anyone
4	The food here was alright, I came here a bit closer to closing time so they never put out new food once the old ones were finished so I will give them the benefit of the doubt and say there food is usually better than what I tried (thus the 4 stars and not 3). Out of the 5-6 diff kinds of foods I tried while I was eating only 1-2 were actually good. The rest of them were either a bit too salty or a bit too watery for my taste. All in all I would say this place is perfect for a quick Filipino food fix (especially since the buffet is just 7.99)
3	*** 3 1/2 stars***Kain na!As a Filipina American, I know a little something about Filipino Food. Kusina Ni Lorraine is a go to place for my family when we go to Las Vegas. Located just a few minutes from the Strip, you can get a very extensive Filipino buffet for $7.99 per person. Pretty great deal for Vegas. The restaurant is very clean and the staff is very friendly. Good ol' Filipino hospitality. They have a wide variety of food options and rotate the options regularly so everything is fresh. Everything from pancit, to kare kare, lumpia, and a variety of other dishes. The one thing though is there aren't any labels on the food. So you may not always know what you are eating, especially if you are new to Filipino food. Still definitely worth the visit!
3	First, I would give this 3.5 stars if YELP allowed it..  My Filipina wife agrees with this rating.Unlike many Filipino buffets this one has a large selection.  Unfortunately there are no labels, which was annoying.  Even as someone familiar with Filipino food I was unsure about some dishes.  My wife also couldn't tell until she tasted some of them.   At least two looked like kaldereta.  Even after trying both I was only about 70% sure which was kaldereta. The food was good, and at $9 the price wasn't bad.  Another good sign is that the place was packed with Filipinos.  One disappointment was no desserts like puto or halo halo.  Just ginataang mongo. I prefer some kind of pastry or ice cream, but it didn't seem to bother my wife (so maybe it's just an American thing).They have one large TV showing the Filipino Channel (TFC), and they sell a few gifts also (like T-shirts).They will take a credit card, but they charge $1 to do it.  If your bill is around $30 that's what VISA would charge them, so it's not unreasonable (our bill was $40 since there were four of us).I'm not a huge fan of buffets (strangers who may or may not have washed their hands recently handling the serving utensils!!), but if you get beyond that the food was good and there was a nice variety.
5	This Filipino food is buffet you'll ever had in LV. My friends and I are visiting here from SF and man this restaurant has the best selection of food and the taste of there cuisine are very tasty and I highly recommend it for all you guys to try it :-) This will be my favorite restaurant whenever I come here to visit.
3	came here for the first time with hubby and cuzzen...it was alright...not too much selections for a filipino buffet type.
5	My friends from high school & other class graduates of other years decided to have a combined reunion in ......where else....Las Vegas..& was looking forward to see old friends. I was looking forward to go back to have a good meal at the Kusina ni Lorraine....Found out that they had opened their 2nd branch, good for them.    Had to drag my group to have breakfast there instead of having an all American breakfast at the hotel. The price of the buffet was still the same from 2 years ago..eat all you can for $7.99 and the food as usual was excellent...The dishes they have were all authentically Filipino...where can you get "Sinampalukang Manok" nowadays..Certainly not in New York. We were lucky to have it when we were there.I was told that they don't have it all the time & my favorite "Dinuguan" They have probably like 20 or more selections, its crazy...The place was packed...Well the food was damn good, you can see why they opened up a second place.Will I go back? Definitely!!! If I go back to Las Vegas for another reunion....probably next year, who knows!!!
4	Pleasantly surprised with today's visit here at Kusina Ni Lorraine. Food:  My mom and I had the lunch buffet. It was $8.99 per person and there were about 15-20 choices! I tried the sisig, kare kare, pinakbet, pancit, fried fish, soup, and white rice (just to name a few).. All were delicious! Def get the bang for your buck!Restaurant:  roomy, fairly clean, and you get TFC on tv. Typical Filipino restaurant setup. Staff:  They didn't hover (a plus in my book..!) but they weren't overly friendly either (again typical). No complaints here though. Area:  Parking is not that great (limited spaces) and this side of town is a bit sketchy.I will definitely come back. This may be our new go-to Filipino buffet restaurant. This first visit sure beat all the visits at Nanay Gloria!
4	Heard about filipino food buffets from a friend who just recently visited last Vegas.   I had to try one since we're already here.   Asked this filipina that works in the hotel where we were staying where's the best filipino buffets.   She gave me directions to get to this place.   For $8.99 all you can eat filipino food, it is so worth it.  Lots of selections and all the dishes that I tried are all good!  Out of towners who loves filipino food it's a must to try it!!  I'll definitely go back for sure!!
3	The selection was good and worth the price tag of $8.99 + $1.00 service fee to use a charge card. Some potatoes in the menudo was cold? Not quite sure why that was. Some dishes were too soupy for my taste. The veggies were half cooked in the pinakbet. The ginatang mongo was good. They could've had more Filipino deserts other than grapes, watermelon and cantaloupe. Parking was some what of a hit or miss, not a lot. Otherwise the food and customer service was good.
5	I feel like i'm back home! Cooking is great, staff is great, this really just takes me back to Philippines. Where everything was of equal taste for the buds.
4	Best filipino  buffet in Vegas. They have the authentic filipino dishes and it's delicious! There's many selection.
4	Came here with my family from L.A. There was 12 in our party and there was no wait to get a table. They were very accommodating and friendly. They have a Grade A rating and the food was actually really good. I'm pretty picky with Filipino food being a 2nd generation Filipina, but I liked it. The food was tasty and it was only $8.99! Recommend this place if you're craving Filipino food and are on a budget while in Vegas. They also sell little Filipino goods and magnolia milk bars (Thai tea, halo halo, red bean, etc.)! The soda is not included in the $8.99 but it's only $1.29 and they also have an assortment of Filipino drinks (mango juice, buko juice, royal, etc.).
1	Food was a super greasy. The employees were super rude. Never going back there. Dead flies on the ground. There's a dollar charge when you pay with your card.  Then the employee gives you attitude when you say "I'll pay in cash."  So if you enjoy greasy food with rude employee and like to see dead flies on the ground this is your place!
4	My "go to" restaurant/buffet for filipino grindz. Food: They have a good variety of dishes (kare kare, oxtail soup, chicken adobo, dinuguan, pancit, fried fish, pinakbet, bittermelon with egg) to choose from so its pretty much what kind of cholesterol...i mean flavor you want to taste (hehe). I enjoy the food here bc its the "comfort food" that I grew up on. My favorites are the chicken papaya soup and vegetable lumpia (their choices may change on the fly btw).  At $8.99 for the buffet, you are getting you're money's worth. Restaurant: Like others have said, its pretty roomy with a lot of tables. On a Sunday afternoon, it can be pretty busy. Its clean and TFC is always on. They have filipino snack items scattered around the cashier area for sale just in case you're still not full.Parking: Its a little tight but then again what do u expect from a small plaza area. Staff: No complaints. Very attentive in cleaning up. Salamat Ate Lorraine."Filipino food is 90% heavy. The other 10% is not eaten."
4	Clean, reasonably priced, great variety of food selection. We even got to meet Lorraine :) Came here for brunch on a Saturday, and they had tocino, beefsteak, sinigang, karekare, daeng bangus, adobo, fried rice, eggs, longonisa, and a bunch of other stuff. Not sure if the choices change for lunch and dinner. Wish they had more dessert options like turon or ube stuff, but otherwise a pretty good Filipino buffet for $8.99. Also, drinks are not included. But I would come back
5	Came here for lunch with my family friends about 17 of us.  Great value for the price.  A variety of Filipino dishes and all tasted excellent.  Had the dinuguan, Kare Kare, sinagang,  beef steak, tocino, beef mechado, pork adobo, and a few others.  Definitely will be going here next time I'm in Vegas again.
4	Since moving to Summerlin Las Vegas, I yearn for typical Filipino food at reasonable price. After 2 months since my moving into Vegas, I stumbled upon a nice young Filipino guy on the Bus Stop one Sunday morning. We talked and I did mentioned that I am looking for Filipino breakfast with fried garlic rice, eggs over easy, and longanisa. The young man who told me that his name is "Tan" said please go to "Kusina ni Lorraine" where I am currently working. So, we headed to the restaurant. It was 10:00 a.m.. The place is large, clean and workers are very polite. I easily feel at home. It is true! The Buffet Station was filled with authentic freshly cooked Filipino delicacy. I hardly can't decide which food to try. So, I decided to take a little of each. I loved Kare-Kare filled with vegetables, love the "chicharon bulaklak". There is chicken soup in tamarind and lemongrass. So gooood!Anyhow, it was an excellent find. The resto is infront of The Boulevard Mall Old Navy and Sears on Maryland Parkway Blvd. From the Strip take Bus no. 203 going East. Going back to the Strip take the same Bus heading West to Las Vegas Blvd. If visiting Vegas, eat here at "Kusina ni Lorraine", just US $8.99 plus Tax Total = $9.72. Soft drinks extra. Take my word. You will come out well fed without busting your vacation budget.Henry Sy Jr.
1	I love filipino food... And this buffet was such a great deal for only $8.99!! I was so excited to see the big selection of food choices. However all the food really let me down... Everything was way too salty, esp the soup and karekare. The customer service wasn't as bad as everyone stated. However instead of being too bland, I thought the food was too salty. :( will not be going back even if the price is amazing
4	Even though I heard about Kusina Ni Lorraine awhile back ago, I haven't paid them a visit until recently and I'm glad I did. One of the reasons for the delay was that I tried so many Filipino places around here and none of them were any good.Anyway, my co-workers and I decided to try their AYCE buffet lunch and we were blown away by the variety and quality. The customer service from the lady working there was awesome. She came by our tables and showed us how to eat Filipino food and explained the ingredients in food we didn't know much about. My favorite was the dried salted fish, which reminded me of my childhood growing up in Southeast Asia. For $8.99, I think it's a pretty good deal and it's something different from the normal burger and casino buffet.One thing I wanted to point out is Filipino food is not for everyone and it can be hard to adapt if you don't have a diverse taste bud. One of my co-worker wasn't impressed by the food but I think it's because it strayed so far away from the American cuisine or Chinese food that is often associated with all Asian food. If you have an opened mind and opened taste bud, you will like this place. Remember to go early because it seems parking spaces are very limited, but I heard there's a garage somewhere nearby.
3	I've had better.  Daing was overcooked.  Tapa was not the best.  Garlic rice was ok; again, I've had better.Tocino was a little dry.Pancit was subpar.The only thing I did like was the longanisa; not too fatty yet very tasty.  Was not brave enough to try the other stuff like kare kare, adobo, nilaga, miswa, etc. because they might use MSG.  Although this place is AYCE, I was not interested in going back to the buffet for more.
5	Home away from home. Lots of choices at a reasonable price. Very laid back atmosphere. The staff is friendly and efficient too! Definitely coming back.
4	It's never as good as when Mom makes it, but this buffet comes close. I like the fried bangoose and the mung beans with greens.
1	If I could give no star I would... This place sucks!!!!! 1. Everyone comes in for buffet price. $8.99/person. Sure that's not too bad. But young kids are charged almost just the same at $6.99/child. My kid hardly ate anything. Why the neck would I pay for rice and soup and 2 pieces of meat for a kid!???!! 2. Lemme start by saying that the food totally sucks. Eggrolls were ice cold. As if it was cooked yesterday and served today!? How gross??!! 3. The rice... C'mon, even a kid can cook rice better than them. It's very dry and almost hilaw. 4. As we were about to complain, we spoke to one of the ladies that worked there who never bothered to pay attention to our complaints. 5. The sinigang... Hardly had any meat in it and it took forvever for it to come out. 6. Bathroom, uncleaned, unsanitary, disgusting, stinky. Worse than a portable-potty! Altogether, our experience here is beyond horrible! Would never come back!!!
