2	We were looking for another Greek/Mediterranean restaurant but our GPS took us into this area. When we found out it wasn't the place, we decided to eat here instead. We were starving and noticed that they had a 50% off appetizers during happy hour and we were right on time for happy hour. The restaurant itself was decorated in a gaudy style with murals of the Acropolis and other Greek style architecture on the walls and ceilings. They have a full sized bar which during HH, all drinks are discounted, even non-alcoholic ones.We hadn't looked at yelp prior to visiting obviously, but after our meal, I managed to look at the reviews on here and the other reviewers were spot on regarding the book of the menu. The listings are really confused with Japanese and Italian offerings as well -- namely, sashimi and pasta.We stuck to the appetizer menu which consists of cold appetizers and hot appetizers -- taking up 3 pages.Taramosalata -- this wasn't bad but the taste of caviar did not come throughMelanzanasalata -- or something like that  -- eggplant dip. This was nice and had a tart finishSpanokopita -- FAIL! The Trader Joe's version is far better. It was obvious that they had originally baked it and then when someone orders it, they popped it into the deep fryer to heat it up. Totally disgusting!!Falafel -- not grainy but rather, mushy and very dense! I didn't like these muchDolmas -- their version had meat and rice inside instead of just rice. There is also this creamy-ish white sauce on it which didn't enhance these at all. Pass!Greek pizza -- pretty awful even the young man didn't want to eat it. We took it back to the hotel but no one even attempted to eat it so we ended up throwing it away. Greek cheese and olive plate -- this was a winner. We liked this one a lot. Two types of cheeses were offered along with Kalamata olives.Did I think the food was good? Not particularly. But some items weren't bad, the rest, just plain awful. If I had to pay full price I'd definitely tell you to pass! It's not worth it. However, at 50% off, our bill was actually quite reasonable for what we ate. I was even able to overlook some of the grosser items. Hubby had two drinks, one alcoholic and a Greek cherry juice. I had an iced tea. Our bill? About $40. Now double it and you're looking at $80. For $80 I'd say it was a totally awful meal. For $40? It's easier to swallow!2.5 stars.
1	I really should have checked out the Yelp review for this place BEFORE I decided to visit it on a whim.I really wanted to like this place. My brother's wife's mother owns a restaurant called the Mad Greek, which is a fabulous place. I thought for sure, any place that shares the name would share the food and atmosphere. I guess I was mistaken.So before I walk in I look at the sign to see if they were open. The sign was off, so I probably should have taken the hint and left, but I decided to go in anyway. I am greeted by a waiter, who is in the middle of taking someone's order, and who I cannot seem to understand. I just end up walking out to the patio area because it seemed like fresh air would be nice. Well fresh air mixed with smoke would have to do.So a minute or two later, the waitress comes up and gives me the menu to look at and takes my drink order. When she comes back I immediately order an appetizer, the baba ganoush. She seems totally clueless as to what I just ordered and nearly yanks the menu out of my hands so she can take it with her because she needs it to remember the order. I know, WTF?The baba ganoush comes nearly immediately. My guess is that they have it premade and just slap it on a dish and go. I tell the waitress that I need a minute to decide for my entree. It turns out that I need a minute equates to don't come and check on me for literally 20 minutes! In fact I don't see the waitress again until after my order comes back, so instead I end up flagging down the bus boy who luckily came out to clean up the table of the only other group that was out on the patio. I ask him to get the waitress, but he insists that he can take my order, in very broken English I can barely understand. I tell him my order and he is sounds confused. So I point to the two items on the menu. The guy still seems a little clueless, but walks off repeating the order to himself, only to return moments later. He has a pen, highlights menu items I ordered, and takes the menu with him. At this point I'm really unsure if I'll even be getting what I ordered if neither the waitress nor the bus boy can remember very simplistic orders.After all is said and done, the food was not very appetizing. I ate little but the baba ganoush (which was decent) and I ended up taking the okra home. I told the waitress not to box the soup that I hardly touched. So she asks, "Didn't you like it?" At that point I was kind of dumbfounded. Why else would I ask NOT to take it home. It was that atrocious. Do I have to spell it out?Now that I see the other reviews I don't feel so horrible giving this place one star. It seems there is a consensus on this place. I really need to get an iPhone already so I can check reviews before I make these bad dining decisions.
3	I have been to numerous Greek and Mediterrean restaurants, so at this point I have a good reference for what I should expect.  Overall, the food was good, as was the service and time to wait for the order.  More specifically, the food was good, but not any better than other places I have been that were more reasonably priced.  I am willing to dish it out for a nice meal, but the prices at this place seemed a little high considering what you are getting.  The outdoor seating they have at this place seems to be a favorite of a number of chain smokers, as the entire meal was complemented by the fragrant aroma of cigarette smoke.  The interior is... very Greek.  I unfortunately will not be going back to this place.
5	I LOVE this restaurant! Great food and good spirits! They put quality in and love into each meal. And not overpriced. :-)Oh, and you've got to try their homemade baklava.. YUMMY!
1	Would give it a neg star if I could worst food and service ever
4	YUM!  Do not walk out of this place without trying their zucchini fingers.  Delish!  The hummus was also awesome, and the lamb falaffel my husband had was great.  This place may have had a change in management/ownership, so please bear that in mind when looking at some of the older reviews on the site.  My husband and I happened to stop by when we were on that side of town (we live way over on the east / southeast side), but cannot wait to have an excuse to return!
2	First time back since they renamed it from The Golden Greek and took over a year in renovations. As The Golden Greek , where we ate several times, I would have given them a solid 4 and sometimes 5 stars had I been a Yelper then. That said, The Mad Greek has some more "renovating" to do before they will be as great as they were. We walked in and after looking around asked to be seated in the bar area at a table that afforded a view of the whole place. The waitress came over to give us menus and asked us for our drink orders. We asked if they still had their Happy Hour (1/2 priced appetizers and specials on drinks)...Our server said no and explained they are still working on their menu. REALLY? The menus we were given looked pretty well used and tattered (off since they have only been reopened a few months and these were plastic coated menus) and my husband's was actually torn. A second bummer was that they no longer offer the little "antipasto" plate that had these wonderful peppers in it that they use to offer. My husband ordered the Onassis burger (see pic) which had pastrami on top of the burger and came with homemade chip/fries... My husband loved it even if it wasn't "Greek". We also had the fried zucchini with tzatki sauce-good but not as good as they old way they served it. These were long skinny zucchini "fries" whereas before they were more like planks and had a lovely fresh flavor. We also ordered the hummus which was yummy as usual and came with a basket of warm fluffy pita. I understand that we didn't order a big variety or even typical Greek dishes. I think the no happy hour and prices just put us in a funky mood since we were comparing everything to the way it used to be. Our server was perky & friendly-she forgot our refill of pita BUT when she remembered she was gracious and apologized (hey we are all human and she seemed genuinely apologetic). There must be some connection between the current owners and past despite the name change because we saw many of the familiar owner looking people walking around and then sitting on the patio smoking and socializing. That's what I loved in the past. It was friendly, noisy in a good way and just felt festive. The new dining area is more spacious. The decor is nice in a funky, slightly-gaudy-but-in-a-good-way. We will wait for a time when we are really hungry and give them a chance because they are close and because we are still looking for our "go-to" neighborhood place. When you are sitting in the patio, you forget there is a Smith's and Hallmark store next door! : )
2	I am really getting tired of restaurants that specialize in a specific region of the world, yet do such a poor job a reflecting the culinary offerings of that region.I must confess, I am not an expert on Greek cuisine, but I feel I have had better Greek than this. I can tell the difference between fresh ingredients and something that has sat in the walk-in cooler for a couple of weeks. This is Las Vegas, a restaurant can not afford to get lazy about quality or it will end up being another victim of the recession.
4	My husband and I loved this place!  The atmosphere was a bit gaudy, yes but our waitress was cute as a button and extremely polite.  We came after Happy Hour, but she showed us menus for happy hour and told us about the blues/jazz and belly dancers for future.  We ordered humms, large greek salad and shrimp souvlaki.  Honestly, everything was fantastic.  Our pita was warm.  Our waitress was very attentive.  We ordered 2 lemonades that came in long, super tall glasses. It seemed fresh squeezed.  We did go a little late, there were about 4 other tables outside and they had the fire pit going.  We wil be back.
3	I really, really wanted to join the group at Rumour for Yelp drinks, but being temporarily heavily medicated, I decided to forgo it and meet my regular Wednesday Ladies' Night Out group, who chose the Mad Greek, just because.  The bonus was my Restaurant.com certificate.I would have loved to sit in the patio, but it was too chilly.  Have they not heard of patio heaters?  With all the renovation that went on here, you'd think they could have run over to Costco and bought a few of 'em.  But nooooo.  There was one measly gas-fed fire pit in the center of a table.  It had a real log burning, but the remaining table space wouldn't have been big enough for any plates.  So we sat inside.Black and white marble tile floors are surrounded by white walls and those big industrial heating ducts painted in Greek Isles blue.  I could have been on Mykonos - or Israel.  Same colors.We waited a long time for someone to take our drink orders.  We were just ordering coffee, but it took forever to arrive.  Mine - the high test version - was room temp, so I sent it back.  But it wasn't replaced until we managed to snag a waiter, which would have been easier if just one of us had a cane with a big hook.  Our waiter kept flying by so fast that it was almost necessary to trip him to get his attention.Three of us decided to share an order of saganaki, a Greek salad, and the 17-item appetizer assortment.  The fourth, on a special diet, ordered grilled salmon.The salmon came out charred, dried out and overcooked, and she had to send it back.  The replacement was okay, but nothing to write home about.  She said it tasted like it had enjoyed a lengthy vacation in the freezer.The saganaki was blah.  It tasted to me like fried fish.  Not to the others, but they didn't like it, either.  The Greek salad was very nice, but was a little stingy on the feta.  The appetizer platter is said to serve two people, but with the other stuff we ordered, it was too much for us three.  It was uneven:  the calamari were terrible:  soggy, too chewy, and not hot enough.  The gyro meat was way too salty for me, but then, everything always is.  It also had decent tabbouli, eggplant salad, beef sausage, ground kebab meat, but mediocre hummus, a completely charred pepper, and two boring chicken wings.The food wasn't bad enough to say that I'd never return, but it sure needs some improvement.  The patio is definitely a plus, hence the extra star.  But it will have to be much warmer to get me back to this place.The best part came at the end.  With the coupon, the whole food experience cost the three of us who shared the meal just $10 each, and that's including the 18% gratuity that was added on.  And the waiter regaled us each with a piece of baklava to take home, which was a very nice touch, considering we'd spent so little.  That and the patio will get me to go back.
5	I have always driven by this place and never thought it could have the food that it does. On top of the quality of food their happy hour is 11-7. The coconut shrimp is awesome, the steak sandwiches are sick and the mushrooms on it are so gooood! Don't let the outside fool you, I mean it is called the MAD greek.
2	I feel so let down... Heard the Happy Hour was back on. Got a great seat on the patio near one of the fountains. Now in the daylight, the patio decor may seem somewhat gaudy but it is shady and comfy.  At night it is a lot prettier.  It could be the perfect place to hang out.Unfortunately the food & drinks leave so much to be desired and I so wanted to fall back in love with The Mad Greek since changing from The Golden Greek.We ordered the Saganaki.  The cheese did not have the same taste as before and although the server lit it on fire in front of us, it was still hard in the middle. The hummus and pita were good. The fried zucchini and greek fries were good when hot-we got them barely warm and the tzatziki sauce was average.  We also ordered the shrimp cocktail, goat cheese flambe and a phyllo pastry with cheese insde were good.The service was slow as far as the food was concerned but the servers themselves were attentive.  Given their attentiveness the rate of food coming from the kitchen must have been due to the kitchen and not a fault of the servers.  Our first server was new and was quick to tell us when she was unable to answer our questions BUT she went to go find out! How rare is that these days?We started off with pomegranite martinis.  Yuck.  All I tasted was vodka and it was not worth $8.00.  Same for the mango mojito.  Too sweet-did not even finish.  My husband ordered cheesecake and my friend ordered the tiramisu.  They agreed that the desserts were average & most likely not homemade-nothing that a cheaper Sara Lee could not satisfy.I will have to hear about HUGE changes before coming back and I am so hoping that The Mad Greek will succeed.
1	I had been craving a gyro and spanokopita sooooo badly.Phoned in my order, waited 15 mins at the bar with no one coming by to ask me if i needed anything. I was right in the middle, with two empty chairs on either side of me.WTF? I just think they were racists.....maybe not, but i'm gonna call it that.I called to complain once i got outside to leave, the guy tells me "why didn't you get someones attention?". Hmmm, WTF do you think i was trying to do you racist?
1	This place was understaffed, food overcooked and greasy, the lettuce and tomatoes that was served in our gyros were half rotten.  The service there was non-existant unless you were Greek.  I always went through the Mad Greek in Baker, CA and love the food, but this place is sooooooo not like the one in Baker.  We were going to go to Paymons, but this was on the way there so we stopped here instead since we've been to the other one.  Big Mistake....  Not going to make that one twice.
5	Waited a LONG time for them to complete their remodel.  It was well worth it!!The food is amazing!!  Wonderful hummus, tzadziki, gyros....I would highly recommend checking this place out!
2	We went to the location at Sahara and Durango in Las Vegas.  I agree with some of the others.  The food was overpriced and could have been better.  My theory is that they are trying to improve flavor with salt, (like in the stuffed grape leaves) and sugar, (the strawberry shake.)  If they want to charge higher prices, they need to improve the flavor with a balance of ingredients, and the sugar or salt shouldn't dominate. Most people can see through over salting and over sweetening.  Also the chicken gryo on the salad was overcooked and greasy.  It was almost woody.  The Greek salad was good, but you can get those anywhere these days.  The albondigas soup was also very good, but for those prices you expect everything to be memorable and top notch.  Five dollars for a pot of tea sort of makes you feel like a sucker. The music was loud, and the decor was fun.  it would be a nice place to go to celebrate a special occasion if you could get your money's worth.We were there at 9:00 at night.  Perhaps the food and service is better on another shift.  Still. . .
2	I had a voucher for 30.00 that a friend had given me so I thought I would  check it out.  We sat on the patio on a Friday evening around 7:30.  The decor is beyond tacky, which in a strange way is kind of cool.  The service was ok, but just barely.  Indifferent is a better description. I ran out of iced tea several times and waited at least 10 minutes each time to get a refill.  NOTE:  Their iced tea is sort of raspberry flavored...period.  We ordered hummus and pita, which was really good.  Next we ordered two appetizers, the Greek pizza and some sort of avocado, feta, spinach on a pita thing, both of which were ok.  The baklava was ok.  There were quite a few customers who came in who seemed to be Greek, and they got attentive service.  The music was kind of cool.I will try it one more time, but I am not very hopeful that my experience will be better.Perhaps the one in Baker is better.
5	This restaurant has the best Greek salad in town.  No one else even comes close.  The salad is perfectly seasoned and packed with tomatoes, olives, and cucumbers.  I am also a fan of their hummus, tzatziki, and baba ghanoush and the fresh pita bread that comes with it.  You can get these items for $4-5 each during their happy hour.  The regular prices are not that much higher.  The pitchers of mojitos are huge, packed with fresh mint, and a great deal during happy hour.I have a hard time understanding the numerous bad reviews for this restaurant.  I agree that service can sometimes be spotty, but everything I have ever ordered there was delicious and worth the wait.  The past few times I have gone, the place has been practically empty.  This is probably due to bad word of mouth.  If anyone reading these reviews is on the fence about whether or not to try it out, I definitely recommend heading down there for happy hour.  The menu is pretty large, and there might be some items that disappoint.  I have never found another restaurant, though, that can even compete with their salad, hummus, or pita.
4	It's official. I am on a quest for the best gyro in town!I've been to the Mad Greek a few times this summer and I am glad I did.  Before then over a year ago I was at this location and we had some bad experiences.  The server got our order wrong and then proceeded to lie to my wife that it WAS what she ordered when it in fact wasn't.  They couldn't keep their story straight and someone else acknowledged that it was wrong and gave it to us on the house and ordered the right thing for her.  After that experience we stayed away for a while.I'm all for giving it another try after time has passed and I'm glad we did.The first time in a while that we went, it was on a Wednesday and it was kind of late.  We sat outside  and it was pretty dark.  The blue lights they usually had on wasn't on.  No matter - we were there for the food!I ordered the Gyro Plate which had beef & lamb with tzatziki sauce, an unlimited supply of pitas and for dessert we shared a "bomba" which is like two hard-shelled scoops of ice cream.   It was very good!The last time I was here was very fun! They have live music on Friday and Saturday nights.  I am not going to lie. The live music was SO CHEESY!  So cheesy in fact, that I thought I was in a Napoleon Dynamite movie.  But because the music was like that, I ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT!  Seriously! I had a great time.We sat outside again and they had the blue lights on this time.  Only bad thing was that the table we sat at didn't have a burning candle. :POur server was very attentive and we got our orders taken quickly and our food as well.For an appetizer I ordered the dolmades and it was exquisite.  For the main course I ordered the Onassis Burger.  Delicious!  It was like a large cheeseburger topped with pastrami.  We also had free pita bread that we ate with the sauce from the dolmades. My wife ordered the greek salad (the big one) and it was HUGE!  Next time we come, she said she would order the smaller one.  The waitress girl asked her the question earlier "are you sure you want the bigger one?"  Now we know why she did.And to top off the meal we each had our own order of bomba.  It was $5 each, but oh-so-worth-it.   I loved everything about that night. I had a great time and the food was great.Our waitress was great.The only negative thing is that sitting out side is kind of ghetto.  All the cars driving by the smiths, the pedestrian traffic, the crazy drivers and neighborhood idiots sure know how to make themselves known.  Next time we come, we are going to be sitting inside for sure.
4	Day 033/365Yelp Challege 2011My last night in Las Vegas.  Tia and Jesse gave me a gift certificate to the Mad Greek Cafe.  Jesse told me that he couldn't really eat anything at this restaurant and he received the gift certificate as a thank you gift for placing an ad for his garage door installation business.I'd never been to such a HUGE Greek restaurant ever!  There were white Greek lawn ornaments on the roof of their restaurant, a dance floor inside, and a huge chandelier hanging from the ceiling.I ordered the stuffed grape leaves (my favorite) and their small Greek salad.  The grape leaves didn't come with any dipping sauce, but they were still good.There was a crazy hamburger on the menu that consisted of a heaping of pastrami on top of the burger patty!  I don't usually order burgers at restaurants, so I just read about it.
4	I took my in-laws here for lunch.  Great food and wonderful service.  We had the gyro lunch special, and were very happy with the food.
3	We came here for happy hour over the weekend and had a relatively pleasant meal. We ordered a pitcher of mango mojitos, which were pretty good albeit a little sugary. For tapas we ordered broiled calamari, bacon wrapped dates, spinach puff, crab and shrimp puff and something else I can't remember at the moment. The price was ok, considering we got a pitcher of mojitos that amounted to about three full cups each for me and my fella. The food didn't blow me away and the service was incredibly slow in the beginning. Our waitress apologized profusely for keeping us waiting so long and was pleasant and helpful for the rest of our meal. All in all, good place for happy hour, which is 4-7 daily. They also have certificates available for purchase through the restaurant .com site, but they are not valid for happy hour items.
2	I want to like this place. I even would consider returning one day. But not anytime soon. While the food there is good, the menu extensive and the prices generally cheap-to-fair, I've got a problem with their service. I was forewarned by a colleague that the waitstaff is known for being super-slow, no matter how busy the place gets. But I wanted to try it nonetheless, so a friend and I went after the lunch rush. Mercifully, the speed of delivery and service wasn't an issue. But our server made awkward missteps nonetheless. She brought out a beer when one wasn't ordered. She looked at me funny when I asked her to either sub out or, if not an option, witthold the vegetables included with my entree. ("Our chef doesn't like to do that," she said, STILL bringing out the veggies. Where some restaurants' menus make it clear they don't do substitutions, Mad Greek's does not.) And then she included the beer on the bill, which meant she had to go back and amend it, though it wasn't without a passive-aggressive complaint to infer she was being inconvenienced. I enjoyed the food, but the server pretty much ruined the overall experience. Until I know the service improves, I'll be visiting other Greek/Mediterranean restaurants.
5	The Mad Greek in Baker, CA has been a staple of my families many road trips back and forth to Southern CA. We would either stop on the way from Vegas or on our way back to Vegas. Naturally we had to check this restaurant out since it had the same name and the same infamous fresh strawberry shake. In the past year that we have discovered this place we have been here numerous times for dinner, cocktails and their wonderful happy hour. Between their fair pricing on their food, their personable staff and their knack for accommodating children, I have to say that I have grown to really love this place. Happy Hour is my favorite time to go, its for a couple of hours between 4pm - 6pm and offers great HH prices on drinks (beer, wine and mixed drinks) and has a pretty good tapas-esque HH menu. I was here recently for happy hour with my 2 year old son and my girlfriend. Neither of us had any cocktails but we ordered quite a bit from the tapas menu. I always start with a HH sized Greek salad, its my favorite, so full of flavor including olives and tons of feta. I order the Greek fries with feta for my son who loves french fries (these are more like home-style fries,) and the spanikopita (spinach and cheese filled phyllo dough.) My friend ordered the coconut shrimp, a small Greek salad and the goat cheese flambe (which was not en flambe lol.) We shared everything we had and it was ALL so yummy!  We were all full and the bill came out to be about $30 or so. You really cannot beat that price for all the food we got. One of the other reasons I like coming to the Mad Greek is how kid-friendly they are. Every time we are there the employees light up when they see my son and my son equally lights up when he sees the Mad Greek sign. After every meal they always ask if its ok to give him an ice cream sundae and always check to make sure he is a happy camper. The Greek has a dance floor with a stage for the times they do live music (which is GREAT!) and my son loves to get on that dance floor and show his moves off - they all love it. Make sure to sit outside when the weather is a bit warmer, the patio is (as other reviewers have stated) in a parking lot but it is closed off and has a great ambiance, especially at night with the heat lamps and the fire pit. The Mad Greek is often on Restaurants.com and getting a certificate is a great way for a first timer to try out the restaurant. OPA!!
2	The service was good and the decor is fun, but I'm not sure that makes up for where The Mad Greek falls short. I went early in the afternoon on a weekday and although I was one of maybe six other patrons in the restaurant at the time, the place smelled strongly of cigarette smoke. I may not have even noticed this if it was in the evening as cigarette smoke is not uncommon in Las Vegas, however I found it odd that the restaurant was so large and empty yet the smoke was so strong. The menu HUGE but it's very cluttered and thereby overwhelming. Most of the foods on the menu either lack a description or the description is very vague, so if you've never had Greek food before, this may not be the place to start. I ordered my food to-go and the hostess (who was very sweet) even offered me a drink while I looked at the menu. The food didn't take long to come out and it was all packed in a plastic bag. When I got home with my food, I noticed the bag was wet. I opened it and saw that the tzatziki sauce I ordered was extremely watery (the consistency was somewhere in betwen Italian salad dressing and ranch salad dressing) and was spilling out of a styrofoam to-go box. I found this to be very odd that they would pack a sauce/dip in a standard to-go box. It seems like common sense that it would spill out of it and should probably be packaged in some sort of plastic container with a lid.Overall, I'd say the food was decent. If I lived closer to it, I might stop in once a while to satisfy a craving for Greek food. But anything more than that is a stretch.
4	Ran into one of the managers at a bar last month and he was handing out free gyro gift cards. Two of us finally made it over and very happy we did. The gyros were huge, beef and lamb with onions and tomatoes. Also got fried mushrooms and hummus with pita bread. Both were very good, and I really wished I could have finished the hummus but I was so stuffed from the gyro it was not possible! Their happy hour pricing is pretty amazing, and I will definitely go back to try more things. The service was a lil slow, but to be fair they were prepping for a party of 150!
3	Came here armed with a freebie for a free gyro, I am there, tried it out and have to say the gyro was small and salty,dry too,, but service was great,, but probably will not go back, sorry , just cannot take too much salt in my food...
3	If you want to stop off to see the worlds largest thermometer and have some food, then this stop is for you. The Mad Greek in itself is an ok place. There are two locations; one in Baker (near Death Valley) and then one near the entrance to LV. It's usually packed so if you like Greek food, then this may be for you. From what I remember, the falalel balls were tasty and weren't overly fried. A creamy Tahini sauce accompanies most dishes which is perfect since the weather here is HOT! The restaurant designed with roman statues and columns on the outside so you can't miss it when you are exiting. The inside is more like a greek cafeteria and is congested with a lot of seating space and people to match. The Baker stop has an option for a decent bathroom and like I said before, if you look to the left of the Mad Greek, you will see a large pole showing the temperature. This is the only one found in America and although it boasts that it shows the right temperature, its actually off a couple of degrees.
4	Beautiful restaurant like if a freakin greek temple was a dance club.  Love Pelmini (dumplings in lemon sauce), stuffed grape leaves with meat gravy, crab roll-a-snacks, even juicy chicken wings.  Ton of tasty Greek tapas
3	Good filet of sole skewers. Gyros meat is only good...not great. Might be a good place for large groups. Very good cheese puffs.
4	I'm a sucker for happy hour and greek food:  The Mad Greek gets it right.Large menu, especially happy hour stuff, which the staff is more than happy to describe for those of us that don't know what things are.  HH menu consists of $4 to $7 goodies (about a $1 off the normal prices).  Ordering 3 items is usually plenty for 2 people.  There are drinks as well ($16 pitcher of mojitos is legit), but be sure to inquire if you're not sure what's included.Some favorites:  hummus, baba, tzazkiki (veggie platter), chicken skewer, gyro snack (open-faced gyro sandwich, sans "fries"), and the mussels with clams.  Essentially everything I've tried has been pretty tasty.  Next indulgence on the list: the goat cheese flambe looked and smelled delicious.The down: it can be slow.  Although, tell the waitress if you're in a hurry or want something, and they're pretty attentive.  That said, we usually order everything at once since we know it'll be a while until we see them again.So, if you're hungry, have some time to kill, and want to indulge in a decent beverage, this is a good place to pick.
4	I always stopped at the Mad Greek in Baker- on my way to or from LA, but the location on Sahara and Durango is quite a bit different from that roadside stop.  It's a large space, with a pretty patio-- VERY Greek!  Statues and pillars all around- cute!  Food prices are good, and the menu is vast.  I like the traditional Gyro- and Greek fries are tasty.  Try the bacon wrapped dates and the spanikopita.  And do not miss out on the Date Shakes!! Super delicious!
3	I tried this Mad Greek location for the first time today. I ordered the Mad Gyro Combo with rice. The gyro was good. Full of meat. The salad underneath was a little store bought but refreshing nonetheless. The tzatziki was great. Loaded with dill and chunks of cucumber. The pita was kind of dry and even a little bit crunchy in places. The rice was simple but good. I think it was cooked with chicken broth. The best part of my experience was when they brought me a free sample of their fried zuchini sticks. Delicious. Between the good and the bad, the Greek was okay in my book.
5	Great food and great service. Best greek food in Las Vegas. Forget Gyro Time this is the place to go!
3	Although my meal was spot on ( lentil soup and eggplant appetizer ) I'm not so sure about the entire menu (for example the hamburger and fries) and with such an extensive menu, you have to wonder about quality control.  Also noticed some items were not available (calamari).  They were open on Thanksgiving though (lunch) so for this we were grateful and although it may not be my first choice, i would return...
1	I tried the Mad Greek again after telling myself two years ago, I'd never go back there again.  The food lived down to my expectations once again.  I picked up take out for the family.  I ordered Mousaka, Spanakopita, Dalmades, Gyro Platter, Tarmosalada, and a seaweed salad. (pardon the spellings).  The Mousaka was the best of the plates and I'd rate it as barely average, but at least it was hot which was better than the last time I ate in the restaurant.  The Spanadopita was soggy with an unpleasant aftertaste, the Dalmades were way too salty and uneatable, The Gyro Platter was good but lacking on the meat, the Tarmosalada was fairly tastless and reminded me more like mayo, and the seaweed salad was actually quite tasty.  There are too many far better Greek restaurants to enjoy.  My recommendation is to try another.
1	The food was bland and the service terrible. The waitress actually asked us if we could pay our bill so she could go home. It was five pm and we were not finished yet. The decor does remind you of Greece though!
3	We stopped here on a whim for dinner one night and had an overall pleasant experience.  The restaurant is very large and has incredibly ornate decorations from all over Europe.  We were seated by a friendly man who took our drink order and brought them out to us shortly after.  Then... we sat for about 15 minutes before our server came over to take our order.  To start, we decided on the zucchini sticks.  I ordered the chicken gyro and my fiance ordered the beef and lamb gyro.  There was some more waiting and our zucchini finally came out.  These were delicious with the ranch dipping sauce.  Our server asked if we would like some spicy sauce too and my fiance said yes.  She never came back with it and we had finished the appetizer and decided that it was no big deal.When our entrees arrived, mine looked unexpectedly...brown, for chicken.  I asked if it was chicken and our server said something along the lines of how she thought I had also ordered the beef and lamb.  Luckily, she brought over the correct gyro 5 minutes later.  I loved the fries, which look like little chips and the cucumber spread for the gyro was absolutely delicious.Overall,the service was very slow that night when they were not busy.  The food and friendliness of everyone there was great, so we will return again to try out some more of their selections on the menu in the near future.
3	I've eaten here twice just because I love the look of the place. Both times the staff has been friendly and the service adequate.My complaint here is the food. I just don't find it appealing. Now it could just be me. I've never had Greek food before. So perhaps I just don't like it.I'd probably go here again for a drink as I do like the place. it's fun and different.If I was to eat here again I'd try to find something more American that I'm use to.
4	I'm giving this four stars even though the food doesn't blow my mind or anything.  I go here because of the awesome happy hour, the kitschy atmosphere, and the entertaining wait staff.  I can take my kids here and no one blinks an eye if they make too much noise.  Families are welcome and celebrated.  I also stop in and pick up take out a lot.  Their tapas menu is excellent.  I hope this place is around for a long time.
2	Really disappointed. I've lived in the area for many years and I've seen this restaurantChange from once Greek place to another and have been always curious.  I can say now, never again.We came early, based on other yelp reviews I was excited to try out the happy hour menu. The waitress hands us the most confusing menu I've ever seen. There's a space with a piece of paper with new menu items taped over one section, and black sharpie crossing things out.  I did not see the happy hour menu, so when I asked our waitress about it she explained that they no longer serve happy hour because they've updated their menu with lunch specials. I found this was strange. Service over all was okay, but the waitress seemed a bit confused.On to the horrible!Bacon wrapped shrimp-4 tiny pieces of charcoal were delivered to us. Shrimp1 looked burnt but as I bit close to the tail it was frozen, shrimp 2 was burnt on the outside raw on the inside. Obviously the cook took frozen shrimp, wrapped bacon sound it, and put it under the broiler until it was burnt, thinking the shrimp would be cooked.Babbaganosh- This was okay, not the best I've ever had. But the only thing we readily ate.Meat (?) pita- not sure if this was beef or lamb since we were never asked  what meat we wanted, but again it was thrown under a broiler and over cooked so it really didn't matter what kinda of meat it was. Everything else on the platter was average.Ground beef with cheese- I don't remember what this was called on the menu. I was not asked how I wanted it cooked, and it was of course extra well done and burnt outside. The seasoning and meat was tender and good, they need to serve this meatball style. But where's the cheese??? It was supposed to have Kayseri cheese, but I saw cheese nowhere.There has some interesting things that on the menu that I would like to try, but not there.  They clearly feel like having a million crappy menu items (potstickers anyone) is better than having attention to detail and a handful of good, well cooked menu items that highlight  the ethnicity of the restaurant.
1	Stopped in for a gyro and couldnt believe how disgustingly dirty this place was. The service was just as bad, rude kids who didnt give a crap about what they were doing or serving. And then to charge $9 for a gyro...really. Never again!
2	The only way these people get two stars is because I liked the food. Well I loved the food. But anyways. The service was horrible. Wasn't busy at all and our server only had two tables to wait on. She either didn't like her job or she didn't like us. Wouldn't even fill up our sodas. And she was just standing there. Will never go back but I hear they have a take out place on Rainbow. I plan on going there to get some food without having to talk to their servers.
3	I decided to take a stop over here while exploring my local my neighborhood and when I entered the restaurant I was very impressed with the overall traditional greek/eastern european decorations and of course the bar they had inside. It was pretty empty during the afternoon but the staff members greeted me very nicely and educated me on what they had to offer for their menu. I decided to order a greek mint yogurt drink and a beef/egg gyro along with their own custom made round potato fries. I should've gotten something a bit more exquisite off of the menu, but I was simply looking for a quick meal after workout. The menu wasn't too bad, they featured most of the typical foods that you can find in a gyro restaurant at an affordable price. However, it didn't offer a huge wide variety of selections. I decided to head over to the bar to see what they have and lo behold they an assortment of exported beer, wine, gin, scotch whisky, and tequila from all over the world. I was quite impressed and I wanted to try something new, but I also didn't want to drive home drunk so I didn't purchase anything. The staff also informed me that they had music nights featuring artists from a variety of european countries on weekend nights and also special events on weekdays with up to a hundred people partying sometimes. So I might head over to see what they have going on occasionally. Overall, I honestly don't think that the place was too bad and every enthusiast should visit the place at least once in order to give their own personal opinion. I thought this place was simply okay. I wasn't too impressed with the quality of the food but it was something that I could possibly come back to try again occasionally.
3	It usually is better.   This time, so-so.   The gyro was missing flavor.   The sauce was so-so.   If you ask me whether I take it or leave it, I can take it, but I can also leave it.  I think reducing the size of the menu and focusing on making a few dishes better would improve the place.
2	I have long been a fan of the Mad Greek in Baker, California.  For years, every trip to Cali has included a stop at this historic and amazing restaurant, and it has never failed to please.  Massive, wonderfully thick milkshakes, mouthwatering well spiced gyro meat, AMAZING cheeseburgers, the best fried zucchini you've ever tried.  The original location in Baker is out of this world...So when they started opening them right here in Vegas, it's needless to say that I was THRILLED...and then I ate here, at the location on Sahara.  I don't know who trained these cooks, but they must love their spices.  I've had Thai food that wasn't this spicy.  I ordered a Gyro, a Cheeseburger, an order of Fried Zucchini, and 2 milkshakes for my wife and I.  The gyro and cheeseburger both got thrown away after about 2 bites because they were somehow lacking flavor while at the same time being too spicy to eat.  I really have no idea how they managed it.  The zucchini was slimy and limp.  the milkshakes were the only part of the meal that we finished, and while being better than average, they were nowhere near the foodgasm experience that I am willing to drive 2 hours to enjoy.They call this the Mad Greek...Their name is the same.  Their menu is mostly the same.  Their prices are about the same.  Their decor is the same.  Their food is NOT.  If you are an avid Mad Greek fan from way back, do not come here expecting the food that you know and love from that California gem.  This place embodies why so many restaurants fail when they try to expand into additional locations.  The quality suffers and they lose their regulars.  As much as I love the idea of having one close to home, I'll wait for my next trip to go back to the original.  This one is pretty bad.
5	Love this place! Best octopus in town! Great tapas menu and their smelt makes me think I'm in Greece! Great patio dining also!
4	Great food and service. Love the decor. The lunch specials are $7.99 are you get plenty of food. The kalamata olives were so good. We have had a difficult time finding a restaurant with good olives to go with the salads. I can't wait til we go on a friday or saturday night to enjoy the entertainment. Food was just as good as my Yia Yia's
5	Life in the Suburbs is lot different than the famous Strip (away from the Night Clubs, which are traps, established by Venture Capitalists, to part the money from the tourists mostly unsuspecting Japanese tourists, for promises of paradise, that was never delivered-only the paradise rd. ) When you are driving North on Durango and just before Sahara, you notice an ordinary looking Greek Cafe and the lure of the Gyro entices you to go in. When you are in you realize this is not a Cafe but a Greek Palace. The ornate and classy furnishings reminds you of  Caesar's Palace off the Strip. The Aegean Aesthetics is pleasing and soothing.Then you see if the food matches the decor. In my opinion of all the Greek places I have eaten...Yes. The gyro is a culinary invention  like the Chicken Tikka and Pizza. A vertical spit that is openly displayed at other cheap Greek places (like the rotating spectrum in barber shops) is hidden.  It is the best gyro I had, (other than "Nicks Gyro" on Touhy and Harlem, in Park Ridge, Illinois.) The Gyro is well done, the pita bread crisp not soggy, right amount of onion and the zatiziki sauce...oh the sauce. How did mankind exist without this sauce? The taste is just out of this world specially gulped down with a Greek red wine not beer (beer tends to fill you up and takes where as a chilled red wine before and during the meal is better for the digestion.) The other item I tried was Chicken and Lamb Kebabs. The only other place I have had that kind of kebabs was at Marrakesh on Paradise Rd. They even have belly dancers on last Wednesday of the month with a Variety Dinner Show. Can't beat this place for the money and the ambiance.The portions are huge and the food is as fresh you can get and is is fast. The bar which is one of the best stocked bars has video machines and assortment of world beers. The service can be spotty at times but if you are not in hurry-which is a shame-when you are dining in a classy place like this. They even have a gazebo.
4	Love the decor and ambience. Greeted at the door by the owner who was visible all night. Had the Calamari and it was just ok. The Mousaka was delicious. The desert was a kind of Creme filled deep fried crepe and was tasty.
5	Back at Mad Greek tonight. Food was awesome. Never better service anywhere.
2	I'm writing this review in sections, as I'm eating these foods....Our order consists of a Gyro plate, Hamburger for the wife, Fried Zucchini and Saganaki.Saganaki (aka Hopa Cheese) is bitter and there was no presentation, I'm disappointedThe Fried Zucchini are fairly decent but they have a good ranch dressing. The Hamburger leaves a lot to be desired, flavoreless. The Gyro plate was ok, I thought it was funny that the waiter couldn't pronounce it, so that was   cool I didn't think this place was so fast food style. Maybe I caught it on a bad day but I won't be coming back but I've been craving good Greek food so maybe I'll try somewhere else,
4	I've been looking for a good Greek restaurant that wasn't outrageously expensive.  I was very happy with The Mad Greek.  The only issues I had was my friend and I had to wait a few minutes to be acknowledged when we walked in and the tziki sauce was a little watery than I like.  But other than that, the food we had was wonderful, our server was such a sweetheart, and the price was okay.  I'd be happier if it was a little cheaper, but it was nonetheless a fun and enjoyable environment.  We'll definitely be back.
3	Lots and Lots of options on their menu.They've got good space for groups but be sure to make reservations.I always have a hard time figuring out what to eat because for the most part it's all pretty good.The greek gyro salad is always a good choice.... it's a meal in itself and comes with pita bread.  I sometimes get a side of rice... I really like their rice... but then I like all rice so ... that's just me.Fun place to go with friends so bring a few and hang out and eat your way through the menu.  Definitely suggest ordering a handful of appetizers and some wine and hanging out.  It's a casual, laid back place so take a load off and enjoy some quality time with friends.  :)
1	Not just NO but NEVER AGAINFirst, we arrived excited for Greek.. It was Latino Night.. \WTF ??  Our choice Quit and Outside with a lot of Cigarette smoke, or inside.. we chose inside.The Band was Loud, and took forever to noisily set up. While we were enduring this banging and clanging of noise ( around 9pm )  we were seated  ( in the VIP section ) then ignored.. no drinks,  etc. Finally we had to find a server to get service. We ordered two of the flaming saganaki.. they took forever,  and then dumped  on the table.. one barely   aflame, the other.. nothing, dada, zip. This is usually a fun highlight of greek dinners.. the brought out  replacements after a long wait.. then dinner arrived and they failed to serve on of our guests.Overall, a poor experience, we will NEVER go back... we have always had a great experience at OPA.. ( on Rainbow ) and we will go there instead..If you  want a noisy Latino Salsa Greek Rude Experience with BAD food.. ( the Ouzo was good though..) then this is your place.I have been here when they first opened under different management and a different name it was great.. the new ownership has expanded the place and ruined it.The food..Ouzo GoodSaganaki, HorridLamb Shank.. actually good, but with the experience, I didnt finish the dinner.. ruined.So where to go for Greek...Gyro Salad.. Winchells Pub on Warm SpringGreek Food and Entertainment, OPAPeople you dont like, send them here
5	Had the best new Years eve party and Christmas party with a group of 70 people thank you Jerry and the whole team! With lots of love from los Angeles see you soon! And you deserve 10 stars!
1	Bad service. I went to this place with my girlfriend the other night because there was a live band playing. We sat down and ordered two long island Ice teas. The waitress however asked us to walk to the bar and place the order with the bartender. Hmmm thought that was the waitresses job.   After placing our food order and 45min later We still had no entrees. However or waitress said the food was coming soon.  A half hour later she returned to or table and we were told that the kitchen had lost our order. I refused to wait another 45min for food so we left.  Sadly this was our second time there. The first time we at least recieved part of our order.
4	I don't know what it is about the decor in this restaurant, but it gives off a sort of sober feel to the ambience. Maybe it's all of the shades of blue used. Now that my complaining is out of the way, on to the good parts. First of all - the escargot! Oh my juicy snail goodness! Not only are they perfectly cooked and seasoned, but they provide the largest portion of escargot I've come across in Vegas. With that for a starter, I'm sold. I went with the grill plate - a mountain of meats with seasoned rice. While I wasn't a fan of the meatballs, every other item on the platter was delicious. Finished off with a couple of glasses of wine and you've got a very happy fat kid. The staff is extremely accommodating, offering up suggestions and even teaching me the proper pronunciation for the spanakopita. All in all, I would say this place is amazing - just cheer up the room a bit and you're set!
2	So we were back on this side if town and excited to have an excuse to return. Hate to say it but we were disappointed. Zucchini fingers were not crisp. They actually bent in half when you picked them up. Also, they no longer serve them with tatziki (sp?) sauce but will charge you $1 extra for a really small container. Um, isn't that like going to an American diner and being charged extra for ketchup?  Also, the zucchini desperately needed salt. My beef and lamb gyro was ok. A little dry. Hubby had their famous Oscar burger that comes with pastrami on it, which was dry. The little salad that came with the meal seemed to have a cup of dressing on it. Yikes!Sorry to say but won't be stopping by again. Better Greek food at Stephanos which is closer to us anyway.
1	Disclaimer: This review might offend you if you aren't Greek and take jokes too seriously. They should call this place The Bad Greek. Actually, maybe the name is a warning... "if you arrive here a happy Greek once you try our terrible food you will leave a Mad Greek".  I don't know who is back there making the food, but the cook should be sent to live with the Turks in Cyprus for being so impressively bad at being Greek. Maybe this place was opened by a Turkish housewife as a passive-aggressive jab at the Greeks. I could sit and do nothing but speculate all day as to how these people got so truly terrible at life, but then I would get hungry eventually, which might cause me to need to eat more of their crappy food.Kidding aside, we Greeks are a very hungry people.  If you are luring starving Greeks to your establishment, the most important thing you should know is that eating is not a joke to us.  So don't burn the freaking spanakopita.  Especially if you didn't even bother to put more than a half teaspoon of filling in it... ESPECIALLY if one of the minuscule four burnt "spinach pie" nibblets doesn't even have the correct filling in it!!!  Did someone drop some jam in there?  Why was it sweet??  And why did the nibblets consist of almost nothing but burnt phyllo dough?!  This I do not like. This is merely a reminder of what could have been.Everything else was mediocre at best...Pre-made cheap Italian dressing on my Anatolia salad that you can't call a "salata" unless you want to confuse them.Dolmades piled sloppily under a sea of bland mystery sauce, loosely rolled as though they were Taco Bell burritos, filled with unvarying smoosh and what appeared to be instant rice.Pre-crumbled feta... WTF?  Are they really so lazy that they cringe at the prospect of clasping their hand a few times to break up some blocks of feta?!None of this should matter to any Greek reading this... Because they had the audacity to serve me badly burnt spanakopita with no filling.  It was like a pastry version of the worst frozen potstickers you've ever eaten.  How dare they!!What they have created in the charliefoxtrot (clusterfffff) that is The Mad Greek is worse than spitting on my food... They have spit on my soul.  Don't mess with hungry Greeks!!!  Not cool.  Every time someone goes here to eat someone's yiayia drops dead... So save a yiayia and don't ever eat here!!!
1	Eat here two days ago for lunch. What a  MISTAKE!!Me and husband eat same thing the Gyro lunch special with fries...FOOD POISONING!!!! Started with Diarrhea in few hours after lunch and my husband is still down, in bed ever since. I guess my stomach handles more. I called the restaurant to let them know, to warn them and try to avoid more people getting sic. The person I talked to sounded pretty bored with the news and told me that we probably eat somewhere else... Hm hm nice answer... We will never go back there again, and I will remember this for sure.
2	I would expect this location to go the route of the other two vegas locations in the next 6 months.  came on Saturday night at dinner time and the place was empty.  the food wasn't terrible but it wasn't good either.  I had the gyro platter.  pita and hummas were good.  meat was ok.  my dining companion had a chicken skewer.  the chicken was moist but it lacked flavor.  the greek beer was good.  service was fine but it took 30 mins to get our check.
4	I don't understand the 3 stars, I was standoffish about eating there because of it. My experience at around 1:15 pm was great. They have great 7 plus lunch specials. Everything was delicious.  The home made pita bread was so fresh tasting and the best pita bread I've had, although I haven't eaten at a lot of Greek restaurants, my dining companion has and agreed. She also ordered the Baba ghanoush appetizer, I have never had that but, I keep dreaming about it and I don't even like eggplant that much. The chicken breast I had was phenomenal! The seasoning they use is delicious and they did not overlook my chicken, it's was perfectly juicy! I was very pleased, so much so that I wish I lived closer. It would be my regular spot for a healthy lunch or dinner.Here is a great tip, my friend goes at least once a week with her friends, they have some kind of deal going on, if you buy a glass of wine you get an appetizer, if you order a bottle, I believe it's 4. You can't beat that. So, if you can get over the obnoxious and strange Greek decor, and you like Greek food this place is yummy and ever so reasonable. They also have a patio if you like eating outside.
1	Let me begin by saying if I could leave a ZERO RATING I would.  My two friends and I were excited to try this place out as my friend recently moved into the area and wanted to begin exploring the dining options.  We walked in and was promptly greeted (only silver of customer service for the rest of our short time there) and sat at a nearby table.  Time continued on and we were NEVER looked at again - No water, no check up to see if we were ready to order.  There were only 2 servers - BUT mind you we were 1 of 2 parties to be served.  We couldn't believe it when a 3rd party walked in and they were greeted, sat, given water, AND got their orders taken within 5 minutes of walking through the door.  We were there sitting idle for a good 10-15 minutes before we decided to spend our hard earned cash elsewhere.  We were futher dismissed by the smug server when my friend advised her to pay better attention to their diners.  VERY disappointing.  And I hate to ever mention it -- but could it be we were least on their list as we were the only Asians there?
4	I like there Gyro lamb sandwich and rice however the lady doesn't like giving your change back (coins) she does give the dollars back though.
4	This place is awesome. Stopped in for a quick bite to eat before hitting the strip. It's reasonably priced and has a cool ambiance. You can sit inside or outside. You will need to drive or can it from the strip. The food was tender and well seasoned. The portion sizes are large as well. Service is great.
1	Please get courteous waitresses!  We dine there all the time in the evenings & those waitresses are kind & appear to be of Greek Nationality. Today we made the mistake & had lunch.  The waitress was Mexican & RUDE!  We no more sat down & she was on us to order NOW!  What's the rush?!?!?Make a change or you won't get our $$ any more, dinner or lunch!  We are the customers. WE MATTER!
5	Love this place!  Drove by it for over 5 years and finally decided to try it.   Great food!   Great service!  Nice atmosphere!   Definitely will be back.
4	I will never understand the hate fest this place gets on here. Let me start off by saying I could care less about service other than food coming out in a decent amount of time and keeping my drink refilled. Other than that who cares? Im here to eat not have my ego massaged. The food wasnt made in Athens and transported here or anything but they had some good food. Gyro was really good, the meat was very well seasoned, the tzaziki was really falvorful. I also had the fried cheese which was great with the pitas. Paid 20 dollars and portions were more than big enough. Its a hole in the wall greek restaurant off the strip not a Jose Andres 5 star restaurant inside a 5 star hotel. Cant wait to come back next time in Vegas.
5	My mom and I stopped to have lunch. The gyro was delicious!  The lunch special was reasonable. For $9, you got a salad, gyro, and rice or fries. The fries were fresh and tasted like Greek potatoes. Definitely coming back!
1	Wow does this place suck. The menu is solo mixed its hardly even a Greek restauraunt. I ate 4 chicken wings and some gyros and got the craps and the worst stomach ache I've ever had.
5	Man I'm from Chicago & I been living in Vegas 1 year, for this whole year I have been looking for a GREAT gyro like at home and I have finally found it, here!!! My boyfriend had a double gyro cheeseburger. The salad & fries was fresh & good as well!! Great food! We will be going back in a few days to try other things on the menu. It's a nice lil spot to come for a date or ladies out.
4	Been here a couple of time order take out and sat on the patio for lunch... great place... the patio is a hide away Cove... great for lunch... lunch special are great!!
4	I love their food.  The grilled octopus and escargot are my absolute favorite.   I've been 4 times and that's all I ever get.  I promise I'll try something else next time.
3	We ate here on Thursday, 8/14.  I haven't been here in a while but I thought I'd give it another try.  I've been to the one in Baker many times & always have a good experience.  This Mad Greek is a restaurant.  The menu has changed since my last visit.  Now instead of just offering a gyro & chicken gyro there are 3 or 4 other versions.  This was very confusing.  We asked the waitress who was no help whatsoever.  The food was pretty good but the service is terrible.  There were 2 waitresses working, which was fine since they weren't busy.  They were slow to come to the table, they never checked up on us, we also have a really hard time when we wanted the check & to pay.
5	Back for more deliciousness! This place reminds me of being in Greece. Their octopus is great! I also love their cabbage rolls aka lahanodolmade(sp) They have great zucchini fries and are not some cookie cutter chain! They are made fresh!! So service is a little slower because of that. When I see negative reviews about the food I wonder what people except for such affordable prices. I love the outdoor patio! Bottom line, if you're looking for a fun atmosphere and quality food give this place a shot but don't be in a rush because in Greece you have dinner for 2 hours not 30 minutes.Extra bonus! All of their chicken is organic!!
5	Stopped here for lunch The place was really clean Service was goodFood was so fresh Best calamari I've had Definitely coming back
4	For lunchtime, Mad Greek is the bomb. I'm very fond of their gyro which is a large, meat-laden pita baby. I get it served with piping-hot fries and a small side salad. The broiled octopus (oktapodaki) is a must try. I've never tasted a more tender octopus. They offer complimentary pita while you wait for your meal. The pita is warm, yummy and has a nice soft texture. The waitresses are sweet and friendly and I'm a bit surprised that this place doesn't attract a larger lunch crowd. I'm guessing that this place doesn't turn around food quickly enough for the regular 1-hour lunch customer. The Mad Greek's kitschy decor may be over the top for some people but I find it interesting. I have to admit that if I look at it for a long time, it pains my aesthetics. Some of the prices on their entrees are steeper than expected, especially the seafood. I haven't had a chance to explore other items on their menu but I hope the increased price equates to fresher ingredients and food made to order.
3	Pita greek village salad calamari onion soup GREAT!!!  KEFTEDES   DOLMATHES STAY AWAY UNLESS U LIKE CAPERS WITH YOUR DOLMADES BTW not greek They were extremely salty and the KEFTEDES peppery and salty.  I even sent them back to the chef and he said this was traditional and how he makes them.  Well I'm never ordering them again  and i am greek and Italian    capers are Italian  and they forgot parsley& onions in the KEFTEDES
1	Food was 'okay', been to authentic Greek restaurants so can't say food compared. Low rating more due to poor customer service and management.  Incredibly smokey patio area, hard to eat outside due to smoke everywhere.  We understood from the nice waitress, that a big group outside was the owner and friends.  Our poor waitress seemed to have so much catering to do with his obnoxiously loud bunch, that the service lacked because of it. I don't blame the waitress though...
2	We were the first in the restaurant for lunch. I'm used to great Greek food in Florida, so I was disappointed with the Mad Greek. First off, it's got a very cheesy atmosphere. You can tell the owner tried to make it look nice with its white washed walls, blue accents on everything and a chandelier in the dining room. But ultimately? It looks like a hodgepodge of everything Greek, white, and blue with a bare bones table setting. NOT impressive.Our waitress forgot to give us two menus, silverware, and napkins. We ordered iced tea, and it turns out it's some kind of passion fruit tea even though it isn't listed as such. Menu looks like a mess, too. Makes it feel less like a reputable restaurant. We finally gave up on figuring out what to order and just had calamari to snack on. It was good calamari, but not good enough to warrant coming back just for them. I think the only part I really enjoyed was the ample basket of toasted pita bread that came with it.Not to mention, the patronage is odd. We sat between a table of very old people in suits and a table of head-to-toe tattooed gangsters sipping a strawberry shake with whipped cream. Picture that. It was worth a laugh. But ultimately, the decor and service left something to be desired. Will try a different Greek restaurant the next time I get a Gyro craving.
3	Appetizer Tuesday. The Baklava was amazing with a touch of cinnamon & not sweet & gooey like others. Also the pita bread was light & fluffy. The Tz sauce was the best I have ever tasted. A little noisy but food was good. Very extensive menu.
4	Great experience! The beef and lamb gyro is delicious. The flavor of the meat is one of the best gyros I've had. The portions are large.  The staff is friendly and attentive.  They even have free wifi. This is a great spot for lunch or dinner. It's a must try for Greek food fans.
5	Ordered delivery 01/01 & was surprised they deliver to north las vegas, but they did.Food was delivered hot, quick and was very good!
3	Second bad experience with service. We went for lunch around 1:00 or so. Felt very rushed from the time we were seated until the time we got up. When our server walked up to our table, all she said was "You ready?" We'd just sat down, so we quickly put in our drink order and told her we needed a few minutes. She came back right away while we were still looking over our menus and said it again, "You ready?" If we would have gotten the server that was waiting on the table next to us, it would have been a very nice overall experience. She was helpful with the menu, gave menu options, pleasantly took special requests and didn't rush the patrons whatsoever. We got the opposite. Not helpful with the menu at all and made us feel like we needed to hurry. Everything came out together. Including our side salads. Since it had been a while for our food to come out, I figured she'd at least ask if we wanted her to bring out the hummus or side salads before our meal. I would have overlooked that but overall she was rude. At the end of our quick lunch, she stood there staring at my plates, basically rushing me, when I was putting my unfinished food in my take home box. She should have come back for the plates when I was done or offered to plate it for me if she was in such a hurry to take the plates away. I wasn't being slow. She also saw that we needed more than one take home box but didn't seem to care that I was putting it all together in one box. So since she was just standing there staring, I took that as an opportunity to ask her for another box. She came back and still just stood there waiting for my plate. As far as "you ready" and not asking what choices we wanted as our sides, either she doesn't speak English very well or just didn't care to take the time, or both. She was also wiping and blowing her nose behind the bar without washing her hands. I watched her just walk off after she threw her wadded up tissue in the trash. She was just plain rude. Maybe we'll see if we can request our server the next time we go. Our food was great. Piping hot and fresh. Ordered from the lunch menu. Hubs enjoyed the beef and lamb gyro. I had the hummus and pita (I went easy on the pita. It was hard not to eat more than I did) and I also had the stuffed grape leaves. If I wasn't watching my waist line I would have welcomed on the numerous warm soft pita strips. From what I've read on Yelp, they continue to fill the basket. They're soo good but I still went easy. Same with the generous amount of creamy sauce topped with capers that came on the grape leaves. I enjoyed some of it but mostly ate around it. Next time, I'll ask for sauce on the side or just easy on the sauce. The rice was perfect. The side salad was nice. It was all very good. Since it was lunch and I'm going easy with my portions, I ate a small amount of everything. Therefore, I had an entire meal to take home. They really do give you large portions. Ladies, if you're you're eating light and are going there with your girlfriends, it would be easy to order hummus and split an entree and be completely satisfied. The bar looks nice too.
1	Worst food ever!!! Look at my order on the pic! Kebab is burned:(((( I'm still hungry
