5	This is a fantastic art museum. The layout is functional, the installations are interesting, and I love the "safety zones" by the elevators.
5	Very good art museum.  The architecture makes it -- where else do you have the chance to look out a window from a staircase or hallway into a gallery, to observe people observing art.  Free admission and late hours on Tuesday evening help the museum to be a regional resource and to make art accessible.
5	I grew up going to this museum, and the expansion is killer. Part underground, four-levels, an expanded fashion gallery and finally a gallery just for photography! it's beautiful and it feels nice to be in there...before you realize it, you've been wandering around for three hours. do not miss the suspended charred wood installation piece on the third level of the expansion, it is really cool. i heard some snot-nosed kid who's parents weren't parenting ran through the suspended pieces, tangling them up and now it has a velvet rope around it...too bad.*** updatei just went there to see the Rembrandt exhibit and indeed, there is a rope around the piece - boo.i also wanted to be sure to note  the installation piece that is a DO NOT MISS- It's in the northwest corner of the third level. an entire room made to be near pitch-black, with every wall (including floor and ceilings) mirrored but with a brown tint- so you can see a faint outline of yourself... but you are not the star of the show. suspended from the ceiling are dozens of strings with tiny LED lights all the way down that slowly fade in and out as all blue, then all green and then all red and then a rainbow. with all the mirrors and the sound-proof room, the ultimate effect is that you literally feel like you are floating in space -- it was unlike anything i had ever felt before and it literally took my breath away.--side note-- before i left i couldn't resist and came back to the room for another experience, except this time i thought i knew what it was all about and just rushed in without taking my time to get my bearings and get oriented. i nearly had a panic attack after running into a wall. a totally different experience than the first, which further raises my respect for this piece
4	I'm a bit conflicted about the Phoenix Art Museum.  I was just talking about that to someone doing graduate work at ASU in museum studies - who also seemed to agree with me.  While it's a good museum and the expansion has given it more space and a more sweeping, dramatic entrance, they could have worked out a few more kinks in the layout and flow of the museum.  The boundaries between galleries are not exactly clear.  You're not entirely sure which gallery you've entered.  It still feels disjointed after the expansion, and a few galleries are built like Avondale cul-de-sacs.  Perhaps I've been to too many museums on the coasts, and I'm being nitpicky here, but the layout does strike me as rather odd.Phoenix Art Museum is still a great way to pass the day.  The collection is stronger than I expected with an emphasis on American art from the 19th and 20th centuries, and the visiting exhibitions are always impressive.  Make sure to check out the photography gallery and the contemporary art gallery with the hanging LED lights / dark room - you'll feel kinda drunk and woozy without the $60 bar tab.  Past exhibitions have included Annie Leibovitz and Frank Lloyd Wright.  There's a great view of the Central Corridor skyscrapers from the glass wall overlook on the 3rd floor!
4	O, adventures in the remodeled Phoenix Art Museum!My friend and I went in the old entrance (the only one we knew) after walking around in the new sculpture garden for a bit. When we entered, we were greeted and given little pink tags that said 'member.' The greeter asked if we were here for general admission. We said yes, and she said something about going down a certain hall. We think "Okay, this is nice! It seems like there's free admission today." And we wandered on. After about an hour into our meanderings, we were chased down by the same museum employee who asked if we had paid for admission. Apparently the pink tags were only temporary, and we were supposed to walk to the new entrance from the old entrance to pay for admission and exchange our pink 'member' tags for a green 'Phoenix Art Museum' sticker. OK...that...makes perfect sense... to somebody.  She said the old entrance would be closed completely soon, so that shouldn't be a problem in the future, but it  seemed like a poorly thought-out process. I also found the new layout confusing...I could never tell what gallery I was in or figure out where I was on the little map in the brochure. I basically walked in whatever direction seemed promising and hoped we stumbled into something cool (which we did, several times, like the Thorne Miniature Rooms and the UnInked cartoon exhibit)I had always been frustrated by the lighting in the hall that leads to the Asian art gallery, and I was disappointed to see that hadn't been improved. I hate to give this four stars, hopefully I can bump that up to five when I make another trip, maybe they'll have the kinks ironed out!
5	Really.... I want to write a review, but Lauren V said all I wanted to say.I loved the light and mirror effect room.  I wasn't sure I would call it art, but it was cool as all cool.The charred wood installation piece is fantastic to stare at...velvet rope and all.  I can't say I blamed the kid, I would have loved to run through it myself.They seem to get some of the greatest traveling shows -- the Secrets of the Forbidden Palace, the Rembrandts, there was an impressionist one, Ansel Adams,Curves, the evening dresses, the Himilayan Art, Degas....It's large enough that you can spend hours there, but broken up into sections so you don't feel you have to do it all.I hear they show movies there too!Tuesday afternoon/evening = free!
5	I personally love all art museums so this is very biased. I just like being able to wander a place with pieces of art, in all shapes and forms, and sizes. Now this is no Met, or that really hard to spell Museum in Paris, (also know as the Leuve, or Louvre) I don't think Dan Brown will be writing any mysteries of symbolic code of intrigue that unfolds in the P.A.M, but it's a nice way to spend an afternoon. I prefer modern art, but they do bring in a wide variety of art from Baroque, to Impressionism, and the all popular Cubism. They have a pretty sizable photography museum, and they change the works out frequently. I think my favorite part of the P.A.M. is the sculpture garden. It is very peaceful and quiet, and just a great place to enjoy a cup of coffee from their cafe and talk to a friend. Overall this is a great date place, nothing gets a emo, funky, artsy, girl hotter than an Andy Warhol original or a Jackson Pollack. (maybe it gets me hot) Either way, head to the museum and plan on spending about 2 hours, that is really all you need as it is pretty small.  Afterwards go home and paint your walls with graffiti, or rip up you carpeting and expose the concrete slab underneath,  You have to do something creative!! You could always cut your jeans into jeans shorts...now that is hot...
4	Art. Everywhere. Even in the architecture. That's what I like about the Phoenix Art Museum. From fashion to photography to sculpture and the revolving door of special exhibits, this museum has an appeal. Sure, you may not encounter the rarest of paintings, but you can come face-to-face with a Monet, O'Keeffe or Warhol. You can step nose-to-nose with an Ansel Adams photograph. You can get inches away from a slurp and slap of oil onto canvas, then slowly back away until the entire image comes into view. To me, that's the beauty of it, along with your own interpretation. Some pieces draw you in while others are, to you, more boring than spilled soy sauce (sart = soy as art). General Admission is $10. If you have a KAET Passport, you can get a two-for-one. Even better, it costs nothing on Tuesday evenings... AND they are now open FREE for First Fridays, from 6 to 10 p.m. So, there's no excuses to not check out the Phoenix Art Museum on a semi-regular basis. Or, if you like it alot, you can even try to volunteer there. I'd say there's something about an art museum that is relaxing, almost like a slow, tender lull into dreams. Yet, beneath those dreams are quaking moments of creativity. Conclusion: Phoenix Art Museum is a terrific way to spend a couple hours.
3	The museum has gotten better since the remodel and will hopefully continue to get better. In the meantime, it still lacks the exhibits (and maybe funding) like those of other large cities like L.A., San Francisco, Chicago, etc. Don't get me wrong, it is still worth visiting, I would just love to have a museum like SFMoMA that would keep me coming back again and again.The Phoenix Art Museum is a beautiful building, with a nice permanent collection that spans cultures, history and famous names. I look forward to seeing it grow with the city and community.
5	You Who Are Getting Obliterated in the Dancing Swarm of Fireflies  exhibit.  A MUST SEE IMMEDIATELY.  It's a feeling of infinity compounded by Star Wars with a dash of disco and a smattering of LED fireflies all around.  I want to live inside it all day long.
5	I love this place.  I especially love it on Tuesdays when it's free. I have been to many lectures, openings and films at the Museum and am always fascinated.  The changing photography exhibit is always fantastic.  The fashion room is one of my favorite features.  BUT my favorite piece is the firefly installation.  I could seriously live in that room. I take everyone I know and everyone is always as mesmerized as I am, and I have seen it many times.I love the new contemporary wing of the museum.  I also love the glass boxes on the sides of the building.  One time we were there during a thunderstorm and sat in the glass box and watched the lightening.  It was perfect!  The museum always makes me happy.
5	My favorite thing about the Phoenix Art Museum is that they manage to showcase southwestern art without it being the total theme of the museum. I am not much of a fan of cowboy painings and whatnot but I can appreciate them when I can also cart around to modern art, sculpture, photography, classic art and the likes.They also get some great special exhibits! I actually got a chance to work for their audio tour company during Norman Rockwell and China's Forbidden City and it was tons of fun!I feel like I should find the gift shop more lame than I do. They have terrific magnets, local jewlery, shirts, books, even dishes. It's like one of those nifty calalogs that come in the mail with random things you never knew that you wanted.The staff is my experience has always been helpful and pleasant. How can you not love this place?
4	The outdoor temperature and outdoor garden setting were just right for the first multi-media showing of "Diego Rivera's Murals Under The Stars" outside of CA.  Having been privileged to visit Diego Rivera's Museum in his native Mexico and close-up viewing of several of his famous political murals I felt it necessary to attend the PHX Art Museum event.  The tickets were pricey (loss of a star) but when you see saw four laptops hooked up to a bank of projectors and a large screen with wide aspect ratio you could tell this was not going to be your usual slide show and indeed it was not.  As the sky darkened one of the murals was tested in a four photo wide format requiring multiple image alignment. The final effect was totally different and in some respects more impressive than the IMAX format.  Four separate images had to be aligned and projected which turned out to be a remarkable way to display the colorful murals  Diego Rivera painted in San Francisco, Detroit, New York and Mexico in the 1930's and 1940's.The lecturer from the Latin American Latin Alliance started with early photos and paintings of Diego Rivera with some common and several uncommon paintings.  When the first mural was projected it jumped out at you with color and detail that is hard to grasp unless you have seen them in person.  In person it is easy to photograph a portion of a mural but to view an entire mural is only possible with your eyes. Many of Diego Rivera's life works were shown along with a crisp but all too short history otherwise we could have been there all night.  I knew all night was a possibility based on the time it took a well known Mexican lecturer in Mexico to explain the intricate political history of a single mural on the ceiling and side walls of a government building. There were at least a half dozen murals including photos of the mural commissioned by the Rockefeller family but since destroyed due to its controversial political overtones of a painting of Lenin.  The details in every mural is mind boggling and a complete story in itself.  The Detroit mural of the history of the auto industry looked awesome and may or may not be a good reason to visit Detroit (?).  In my opinion anyone with Mexican heritage and those without should make an effort to view one or more murals in his/her lifetime.The lecture lasted a little over an hour followed by appetizers, cash bar and the Mexican band Jaleo and singer Kiara Duran for another hour or so.  The entertainment was outstanding and including elaborate dance steps by the Duran family including Kiara's mother and her son.All in all an entertaining evening under the stars with just the right temperature before the real heat begins as it seems to do every year I have lived in AZ.  I keep hoping for an ocean breeze in July but it never seems to happen.
5	Honestly, I saw some things here which I cannot describe.  It's not that I don't *want* to describe them (what good is secret art, right?), and it's not like I don't have a decent command of the language.  Heck, it even occurs to me that I've been hitting more than my fair share of museums of late.  That said...I literally saw things here that were as visually arresting, as challenging to the senses, as anything I've seen in many moons.  Things that made you question your perspective from both a literal and figurative sense, and I came away impressed.  Phoenix, you have a great museum right in your backyard.  And if you weren't positive of that already, they're busy lining things up all the time to make that a forgone conclusion.I'm not just talking about some of the amazing pop art I saw (a weakness of mine, admittedly), the haute couture fashions designs that were pretty amazing up close (with stylized photos of the intricate stitching to boot).  I saw some things here that were as amazing as they were immersive, and if I lived closer, you can be certain that I'd darken the door lots.  If you do nothing else here, do try to find the spatial light installation:  what I can only attempt to describe as spatially placed color evolving pendant lights in an otherwise pitch black space, encased in mirrors.  You won't know where you are, exactly, but you'll scarcely wanna leave.  They're bringing in the King Tut exhibit one day soon, but don't wait until that hits to stop by.  You find something here to make your senses, even your sense of self, tingle.
5	I had to wait a few days to write my review of the Phoenix Art Museum because I thought I would be able to process everything I saw during a recent visit.  I was wrong.  I think I need to go back again and again because there is so much to take in... it was my first visit but it certainly won't be my last.  They have so many amazing exhibits and the 4 stories hold so many diverse pieces, i was literally in awe during my tour.  Shout out to Mark P and a huge thank you for walking me through your second home!  I don't even know where to begin, but a few of my favorite areas were the sculpture garden (it's manicured perfectly), the fashion design collection (I learned about the real meaning of 'couture') and the contemporary art collection (specifically 'Mass' made of burnt wood, wire, and string as well as the mirrored, sound proof, LED lighted room (talk about getting lost in time).  There is so much more that I'll have to go back to see more of and the exhibits are constantly changing...Phoenix Art Museum also offers a ton of events and activities including films, workshops, demonstrations, and discussions.  There is also a really great area for the kids and teens as well as an Arcadia Farms on the premises.  Next year they will be celebrating their 50th anniversary, so I'm sure there will be plenty more unique festivities around that as well... don't wait to go though, go now!  I had no idea what I was missing out on until I went - you should too!
4	Ralph Rucci. Phillip Curtis. Rickie Gonzales. Yes. Rickie and I had a late afternoon stroll through PAM. Admittedly my patience limit for museums is much like movies, dinner and employee meetings. NO LONGER THAN TWO HOURS!!! And our visit today was just that. Ralph Rucci: Relatively new designer launched into super fame by way of Paris Fashion Week and two noteworthy fashion critics. Brilliant. On every level. A fantastic exhibit. Phillip Curtis: Widely influenced by Mr. Gogh (you may know him by Vincent Van...), Curtis' work is laid out, revealing his struggle with colors while painting his amazing segue into more complex strokes.  Rickie Gonzales: My talented, driven and adorable bf....wide eyed and reeling from the art erupting around him on walls, floors and out of doors. What a lovely afternoon spent with an artist, absorbing art in a museum I had minimal expectations from.I would like to dress up the security team a bit from wrinkly, stale, beige polo shirts to black suits perhaps. The gift shop staff, while friendly, could certainly speed up the service a bit. But my love for the Getty, the Walker, the Guggenheim and Met in NYC is open to a friendship with our PAM.
5	PAM is a terrific museum, and it just keeps getting better!Check out the Sassoon Ivories.
5	Yes, the Phoenix Art Museum has both fantastic visiting exhibits as well as wonderful permanent collections--but did you know they also put on an amazing wedding?  My Husband and I got married there in March--our ceremony was in the sculpture garden and the reception was held in the Grand Ballroom.  Their event planners were helpful and always available when I had questions, and the caterers with whom they work all offered delicious options at a variety of price ranges.  The Phoenix Art Museum's bar, Artenders, was a little harder to contact and communicate with, but they were honest and accurate in their billing, and they made good drinks.  But really, most importantly, the entire evening was simply beautiful, and everyone had a lovely time. The art that surrounded us just made the whole evening--now, I am of course biased--magical.  I have had several people tell me (unsolicited) that ours was one of the best weddings they have ever attended.  Phoenix Art Museum:  educational place for an afternoon get-away from the heat, and also a beautiful and memorable place to get hitched to your honey!
5	I love the Curtis collection, as well as the fact that they have traveling, well-studied docents for free for teachers on a variety of subjects. Almost as good as a field trip. Wait, better, because the kids actually got to DO something and learn. A total success. Free Tuesdays ain't bad, either.
4	I still have to take away a star because it's just still so confusing. There was no entrance-fee wackiness this time, but I was still completely lost. Don't get me wrong, I love this museum. It's amazing. It's the perfect place to go if you -want- to get lost and wander for hours. But if you're going for something specific, sometimes it can be a little tricky to get to it.I went to see Making Waves (contemporary Japanese prints) specifically. I wasn't sure what gallery they were in, so we just started out by wandering around. Found some amazing contemporary Chinese paintings. After more wandering, we still hadn't found Making Waves, so we ended up asking a series of PAM employees/volunteers.1st employee: "Oh, that exhibit is right in this gallery *points at map*" We go there... and it's the Chinese paintings. Not Japanese prints.2nd employee: "I'm pretty sure it's in this gallery, here *points at another gallery on map*"Nada.3rd employee: "I'm not sure, maybe it's this way?"Nope.4th employee: "Wait... do you mean you want the Firefly exhibit?".....no. Finally, someone got us to Making Waves, which was in one of the few nooks we hadn't already wandered into by accident. Talk about painful. Anyway, Making Waves was great. We also checked out the previously mentioned Firefly exhibit, which is a permanent (yes!!!) installation called "You Who Are Getting Obliterated in the Dancing Swarm of Fireflies." It's amazing, disorienting, and totally trippy. Check it out.
4	this is a great museum. the temperature is always 72 degrees which is key in phoenix in the summer. the art selection is very good as well.i agree with other reviewers that the layout can be somewhat confusing. they could work on a better sense of flow through the building.
4	I dropped into the Phoenix Art Museum on a whim this past Tuesday night (Tuesdays are the night it's opened until 9pm which is also FREE ADMISSION night).  I was pleasantly surprised by their collection and their special exhibits. It's not at the same level of most large metropolitan art museums, but it has a lot to see and there are a few items that stand out. The building is somewhat maze like, but that makes it fun and interesting, as well, as the chance to return to see things you missed during previous visits. Remember, Tuesday nights are FREE, so it's a great opportunity to take the family away from the TV and see something different.
5	The Phoenix Art Museum is a total treasure. You have to go there when you visit because it has so much inside, all interesting and all educational for young and old.If you love Indian rugs and cochina dolls, the Phoenix has more original and beautiful examples than anyone else. And if you want to buy some, they are available in the Gift Shop for a BIG, BIG price. Real, authenticated Indian rugs are worth a fortune these days.You can take tours and the tours are wonderful because the tour guides really love their stuff and are glad to share it. You can go over and over again and not be bored, it's that much fun. Plus, it's air conditioned and anyway you can get out of 120 degree heat in the summer is worth it.Go, you'll be glad you did. Feed your head, will you.
4	Took the wife and kids a few weeks back to the Museum and was very pleasantly surprised. Loved the layout, art was gripping, kids had room to roam, and the grounds were clean and uncluttered. After a decade of being in busy NYC museums with sooooo much foot traffic, this trip was a delight. Highly recommended.
5	TRICK OR TREAT. Get drunk and go to the museum. They won't kick you out if you get in before the doors lock. I have to agree wif everyone else that the tours are spectacular.The place is great to bring out of town visitors for a real dry taste of the desert. The operators of the museum are smarty pants sometimes, though. etc.
4	Went for the first time last week.  Pretty much an awesome place.  The 'Blob' exhibit and the 'Firefly' room are trippy and lots of fun.  Cool place to hang out if your looking for a mellow day activity or maybe even an artsy date.
4	I made arrangements for my fellow faculty members to have an in-service at the PAM, specifically to see "Elihu Vedder's Drawings for the Rubaiyat," their current special exhibit. Have I been to better art museums in this country? Sure, but I really do appreciate the great traveling shows the PAM curators get to come here, and I have enjoyed many in the years I have lived here. The Vedder exhibit was great, and I highly recommend it to fans of Vedder and of Omar Khayyam, the scientist, philosopher, and poet whose words Vedder interprets in his amazing drawings. In a nutshell, the Rubaiyat expresses Khayyam's frustration with the infighting of theologians and philosophers, and dissatisfaction with the "answers" they give for the meaning of life. He feels this life is fleeting, so we should live for the pleasant moments, drinking, eating, and loving while we can. PAM has secured this collection from the Smithsonian, and if you are unfamiliar with the Rubaiyat, or with Vedder, I would suggest going on a tour. We all learned a lot, and were blown away by the art, even if our docent made a mistake or two. This special exhibit runs through Feb. 8, 2009. PAM also has outreach programs to local schools as well as provides group tours and lectures. It's a wonderful addition to our city, and one that should be better appreciated that it often seems to be.
4	Overall, I was pretty impressed with the Phx Art Museum. While the collection is not quite world class, the facility is nice and the art is worth a look. The collection leans heavily towards modern and post modern art and there are always several travelling exhibits on display. Def. worth an afternoon and a nice change of pace from the usual. The sculpture garden is also worth a visit - very peaceful and relaxing.Also, the museum store is a lot of fun. I always love museum stores b/c you can find unique, thoughtful and/or witty gifts that support the institution. On site there is an Arcadia Farms cafe. Similar to the one found at the Heard, AF specializes in a broad range of cuisine with a New American flare. I have tried several dishes and all have been quite good. If you are in the museum and hungry, this is a great place for a bite. AF also looks out onto the sculpture garden area, which is a nice touch.Def. check this place out. Also, FYI...the museum is free every Tuesday from 3 PM to 9 PM and on First Fridays from 6PM to 10 PM.
5	This is one of my favorite places in the valley - there's always something new here, and it's big enough that I don't often get to walk the entire thing in one visit. If you visit often, I recommend a membership. $75 gets you in for free, but the $200 level gets you invited to all 4 private exhibition event evenings.  The $100 level gets you invited to two. They host frequent lectures and all kinds of interesting events. You can always find something  going on, on their calendar.Some of the permanent collection I am very fond of... Seeing the same exhibitions a bunch of times is kind of like visiting an old friend. There is always something new to appreciate. The rotating and visiting exhibits are always well presented, as well. Arcadia Farms is a fantastic place to eat, the healthy slow food really fits. I mean, what do they serve at the Met in NY? They have a shitty cafeteria. We have Arcadia Farm bitches! OK so the Met has a huge Egyptian temple and Dutch masters paintings, but we have this weird reflective black plastic concave/convex thing and a dark room full of hanging LED's and mirrors. There is more culture in Phoenix than the out of date yogurt in your fridge!
5	Ok, so I had written a review of our Yelp birthday party, but not of the museum itself.Just got back from the "Selected Shorts" exhibit:  short films.  After having lunch in Arcadia Farms, a group of 12 of us headed to the film festival (No Festival Required).  Seven shorts, all very different.  And the exhibit was FREE!!!  We didn't even have to pay to get into the museum, since we were having lunch.  Entering the theater was really cool!  Stadium seating, which I hadn't expected.  When you're a shorty like me, stadium seating is a must unless you want to deal with a crink in yer neck.  There was a stage with the screen above it, so even the people in front would have a good view without said crink.  No popcorn, but the seats were comfy.  Staff was really friendly and it started and ended when they said it would!  *gasp*Definitely going to be back to the museum and most definitely going to catch screenings in the theater.
5	Very impressed, first time there and they had some extraordinary Art especially the Dancing Swarm of Fireflies by Yayoi Kusama ... that was worth the price of entry alone.Nice to have Arcadia Farms there too.
5	Wow! I was pretty blown away. The quaint Asian exhibit is a nice intro, but the modern art is what really takes the cake. Like Guy said, the Yayoi Kusama piece "You Who Are Getting Obliterated In The Dancing Swarm Of Fireflies" is worth going for on its own merits. I won't give any surprises that this great museum holds in store for you, you'll have to discover the magic yourself.Come here on a Tuesday, it's FREE!! And I wouldn't bother much with the audioguide, but it's free too...so it doesn't really hurt. Bring some headphones if you don't want to hold it up to your ear all the time.I'd recommend anyone visiting the Phoenix area to check this place out. Go go go!
4	Five Good Things and Five Bad Things About The Phoenix Art Museum: Or Ten Things You Can Say About The Phoenix Art Museum and Sound Pretentious.Good Things1: Yayoi Kusama' piece "You Who Are Getting Obliterated In The Dancing Swarm Of Fireflies". If you were lucky enough to be in any city were the Ecstasy exhibit toured a few years back, this will definitely bring back memories of that experience. This was the one piece that I felt really made the visit to this place. It's probably the most engaging piece they have at this museum. It's like Cornelia Parker's "Anti-Mass" on acid (a piece which is also housed in this museum and worth checking out).2: The samurai armor and weapons section. Overall, I thought the Asian Art exhibit at the museum was kinda "meh". It's the usual pottery and calligraphy fare, but this was something I was not expecting and was pleasantly surprised.3: The Khalo, Riveras, O'Keefes, Picasso, Keith Harring, and Candida Hofer. These are really the finest pieces of non-classical art that are housed here. Be sure to check them out.4: The museum has a couple of lookout spots with great views of the city hidden away at various corners.5: The architecture and design of the building alone are works of art. Everything from the fountain outside to the spaces created inside that really allow you to engage in the art form. Bad Things1: For me, the art here is kinda hit or miss. I feel like a few of the pieces are really good and engaging, where some of others are just average to dull.2: Waaaaaaaay too much Western Art. I know it's a part of our state's history, but really? I could go to some gallery in Old Town that pedals this stuff to tourists and old money in Scottsdale whose idea of fine art is a place mat set from the Louvre.3: The last couple of traveling exhibits that came through here are so-so. Generally, all art museums are like this. Not everything they decide to show is going to please everyone, and I can accept that.4: There really aren't a whole lot of sculptures or installations here. I don't think the museum should limit itself to a majority of paintings and photography. Something different would probably break up some of the monotony you start to feel after 30 mins.5: The museum's store kinda sucks. I like a museum store to have tons of books, dvd's, or other hard-to-find art-related items that I can really only get at a museum store. I felt like this place was decently stocked with their books but everything else is just kinda kitschy shirts and an overload of Frida Khalo memorabilia.
5	This place is tops.  I've been a member for two years and will always be a member.  I LOVE THIS MUSEUM! I once saw a show about women who fell in love with the Eiffel Tower and some other buildings or objects, and I totally understand because I am in love with this museum.It has a fabulous, diverse, and respectable collection.  The architecture itself makes the building worth visiting - I'd come to see it even if it was a bank, or welfare office or something.   They have a GREAT Kahlo, a not so great Rothko, some wonderful work by Calder, a couple of fabulous Tamayos, you don't want to miss the Philip Curtis collection, it's super fun, their asian arts collection is really interesting, and oh, they've got some O'Keeffe's that are worth seeing...oh, and I almost forgot - there is this really cool piece of installation art where you go into this dark mirrored room and there are all of these little LED's hanging from the ceiling - you feel like you are in outer space.  It is wonderful.GO TO THE MUSEUM. NOW.
4	Since EVERYONE knows there's no culture in Arizona, my husband and I decided to waste an afternoon at the Phoenix Art Museum.  And it's really too bad their collections of American, Asian, Contemporary, and European art are non-existent, for example.All sarcasm aside, not an easy feat for me, I really enjoy this museum.  Not having visited since the Yelp pARTy, I was anxious to come back.  Granted, I did miss the free food and drink, but it was still a great way to spend an afternoon.  I love the newly designed interior and I hope Kusama's "fireflies" exhibit stays forever.  I seriously wish I could camp out here.  I also really enjoyed Klett & Wolfe's "Charting the Canyon," exhibition.  If you are a fan of the Grand Canyon, this is a must see.  The two have layered their images with 19th century drawings and mid-century photos of the same locales.  Crazy inspirational, thought-provoking, creativity here.With the hot weather ready to pounce, the Phoenix Art Museum is a great way to spend the day.  Just don't bother to look for a fish taco on your way.
5	I love this museum.  So much so, that I became a member.  They have a great variety of work, the dosiers are very knowledgeable, and they constantly put on amazing exhibits.  Of course the Phoenix Art Museum pales in comparison to Chicago or New York, but very few museum can exceed those two cities anyway.  If you are looking for something to do and feel like learning something or looking at something beautiful, you should check this place out. It is worth it.
4	PAM - you are - sexy, sleek, sophisticated and still a work in progress - your collections are young and show in the smallness of them and in the lopsidedness of the collection itself...However, you are good time! And really that is all that matters. The collections are interesting, the docents are knowledgeable and have a way of engaging patrons so you feel asking any question under the sun...no matter how art ignorant it may sound. It was a great way to spend a few hours of the day and I walked away feeling enthused about art and yearning to go back. Enjoy!
4	Also a BIG fan of the Yayoi Kusama piece "You Who Are Getting Obliterated In The Dancing Swarm Of Fireflies". It is a great piece that everyone should check out. My husband and I were pleasently surprised by this museum....it represents a number of art forms, is nicely presented.....only missing a star because the flow from one wing to another could be better. There is also a great cafe....Arcadia Farms...that has very tasty food and a few nice wines to chose from. Our tour guide also recommended the membership which allows for discounts at the cafe and gift shop. We were also told that the library has free tickets to get you into the museum. Definitely recommend the tour as all the guides or docents as they are called are very knowledgeable (18 mth course)...and helpful! : )
5	Today we ventured to the Phoenix Art Museum to see the Tony Foster:  Searching for a Bigger Subject exhibit.Generally speaking, I am not a fan of watercolors as they tend to have muted colors.  But that is definitely not the case with Tony Foster. His paintings were alive with color, and because his medium is watercolor, there seemed to be a sort of deference to the majesty of the Grand Canyon.As I stood in front of his creations, I felt as if each canvas were a blog post of sorts.  Besides the articulate capturing of the scene before him, Foster also includes a little story on the bottom of each painting, as well as a few artifacts, and even various colored soils, sorted in small vials, affixed to the painting.Each painting was a story in paint, text, objects, and soil.Tony also, in his texts, did a wonderful job bringing you into the scene as he describes encounters with rattlesnakes, tarantulas, birds pooping on his canvas, California condors peering down at him like he might be their next lunch, frigid 28 degree temperatures, passerby's bringing him cookies, sudden rainstorms threatening to ruin his paintings, and much more.All in all, it was a wonderful escape into the mind of Tony Foster, replete with a view from his very own pupils.We thoroughly enjoyed his work, and would recommend it highly.
4	Returned on 8/15/09. Still as cool as always. There were a lot of the same exhibits, guessing it's the museum's collection. However, there were some new and exciting additions. In particular, the low rider on display as part of the post-chicano movement art scene.  The new items for this series were every cool and were stepped in graffiti culture. There is also a new collection of watercolors that is amazing because of the scale of the paintings.
4	The Phoenix Art Museum is an impressive array of arts and exhibits, and one of the few GOOD cultural centers in Phoenix. Admission prices are cheap and the exhibits there, (which are always interesting), gives you the best bang for your buck. The location at McDowell & Central give it a center-point location, and it's very accessible via light rail, bus, or automobile. The exhibits presented here, (the temporary ones) are always interesting, and I've yet to be disappointed by one. The fixed exhibits which call the Phoenix Art Museum home are also excellent. The only exhibit here that I didn't like were the dresses / fashion, but I suppose that's a matter of personal taste. I found that the employees here are for the most part kind of lifeless, which wasn't very inviting, but I'm able to get past that. On the contrary, the gift shop doesn't rip you off! That's a rarity in itself. In conclusion, The Phoenix Art Museum has realized it's potential, and won a spot in my heart. The employees here aren't the most compassionate individuals, but if you're focused into the excellent exhibits presented here, it won't phase you.
5	...for Arizona, this is as good as it gets when it comes to fine art.Unfortunately a large portion of the museum is dedicated to an era of art that is currently distasteful: desert landscapes depicting early statehood.Fortunately, since it has taken over the old library there is space for modern and rotating exhibits that will inspire young artists. (Example: the exhibit called "being obliterated by a thousand fireflies" will be a great experience for a child of any age).
5	I seriously love this place!  Great art, Great exhibitions, even the weird layout appeals to me.  I would prefer them to have a more interesting gift shop but that isn't enough to put a dent on my review.  Anyway i've gone many times probably close to 100 and i've never gotten tired of it it's just an all around great museum.
4	Made for an interesting Sunday afternoon.I enjoyed the modern art section the most, though some of the 300yr old European portraits were pretty impressive. There was a harp demo in one room, and several videos to watch. I most liked the "firefly" installation. They also have a decent kids section.It is BIG, and we likely missed half of the exhibits.They had a festival of some kind going on in the courtyard. We enjoyed the dancers, drummers, etc...
4	Our most recent visit to the Scottsdale area led to our first visit to the Phoenix Art Museum on a Wednesday afternoon. Here is what we learned from this visit - the museum is a great one but avoid Wednesday afternoons after 3:00 p.m. as entry is free at that time and the crowds increase. Fortunately we entered about 2:00 so had a chance to see the incredible Ansel Adams exhibit before the crowds started to gather there.  Then we went on to browse through the rest of the museum to see the other collections and exhibits as well as stroll through the outdoor sculpture garden. A woman who was a regular visitor to the museum gave us a tip that we'll pass along here. She said "Don't miss the fireflies." What she meant was to be sure to see the experiential art installation by a Japanese artist on the second floor of the South (?) Gallery. Tucked into a back corner of that floor, we think the installation is roughly titled "For those who would be consumed by the fireflies." The artist has arranged hanging, colored LED lights in a completely dark room that is surrounded with mirrors. The light level ebbs and flows as do the color patterns. The challenge is to make one's way through the exhibit from the entry to the exit but also to be able to enjoy the silence and colors and experience of the light. There is something in the experience that we thought was a pretty good metaphor for life in general, if one thinks about it. We noted on the first pass through that we were both intrigued by the light show but a little fearful about how dark the room was, and how difficult it was to see a path forward. We used as grounding the light we could see in the doorway behind us as we could not see the light through the exit ahead and we weren't at all sure there was going to be a safe exit. There were other people in the room and while we couldn't see each other we could hear each other and there were whispered exchanges, "Do you know the way out of here? Isn't it beautiful?" and so on. The second time through we were better able to just marvel at the shifting light patterns as we knew there was a path through. This time we also were more aware of the others who entered the room and that some people stood at the door and said to their companions, "I'm NOT going in there. I'll wait for you out here." Maybe it was that we were in an art Museum that made us connect this experience as life experience metaphor.  Maybe it says something about us specifically that we found it harder to to find the exit the second time. :-) Regardless, if you're at the museum, go see this!One last thought about this particular art installation is that we calculated the age of the artist, a woman born in 1939, to be in her 70's.  Use of technology and creativity has no age boundary.
4	I'm a proud member of the Phoenix Art Museum. People ask me all the time why I'm still a member now that I live in New York.  "I mean, what does the Phoenix Art Museum have that you don't in NYC?"Great question, nameless skeptic!  The Phoenix Art Museum is excellent for picnics - they'll let you lay out a blanket and hang out in the sculpture garden, munching Pane Bianco and reading McSweeney's books.Their area-code exhibition was totally awesome.  I loved getting to see art by local artists about the area I grew up in, and the emphasis on Mexican-influenced art was refreshing.But the best part of the Phoenix Art Museum is the installation, "You Who Are Getting Obliterated in the Dancing Swarm of Fireflies."  I won't say too much, but this is truly one of the most phenomenal things I have ever experienced.  I am obsessed with this exhibit, and every time I'm in Phoenix, I make a concerted effort to experience it at least once.You should, too.  You can't possibly regret it.
5	Great art museum - we happened to visit on the first Saturday of the month, so we go in free with of Bank of America cards (score!). This museum doesn't have as many "big" name pieces, but there is enough substance and interest in the exhibits to keep you occupied for hours. We loved the Ansel Adams exhibit, which took up most of our time. Incredible so see so many of his prints as well as videos and artifacts from his life. The sculpture garden was also great to stroll through, and since it was a lovely day it was especially nice to walk outside. There was also a flowers/art thing going on, where local florists were designing floral arrangements based on specific art pieces in the museum. Their pieces were displayed next to the art that inspired them - this was really cool! I will definitely be back to visit next time I am in Phoenix.
5	Now, anyone who knows me, knows my creative side of the brain has little to no activity. With that being said I am giving the Phoenix Art Museum 5 stars. I can't critique the paintings, I don't know how to interpret the different pieces, and I sure as hell couldn't tell you the different types of painting styles used, but I would really recommend visiting the museum one day. I spent a couple of hours here one rainy Sunday afternoon with the lovely Ms. M. She is an art student and was able to explain all the artsy stuff to me. Upon walking into the building I immediately noticed the architecture and would love to have a home that looked like it. It looks a little on the cold side, but very modern and sleek. There is a chandelier type piece right in front that is very cool looking. For the Star Wars geeks, it looks like when Alderon gets blown up by the Death Star. I went to see 2 exhibits in particular, the Ansel Adams exhibit and a piece called Fireflies. I have always liked Ansel Adams since my father is a photographer and always had his prints around the house and in his studio, so I grew to like them. There are some very beautiful photos throughout and the ones from Yosemite are particularly stunning. The second exhibit blew me away. You walk into a dark room with mirrors surrounding you on all walls and the floor. There are strings of LED lights that are multicolored hanging down and they go off and on at random intervals. It feels like you are just staring into the night sky with the mirrors giving you this sense of endless space. This was very cool and would have been fulfilling had this been the only thing I saw. There were a few others that were very cool as well. One called "Mass(Colder Dark Matter)". This was a piece comprised of pieces of wood from a church in Texas that had been destroyed by fire from being hit by lightning. The pieces of charred wood were suspended from the ceiling with the center containing larger pieces and smaller pieces out to the sides. There were still nails and such embedded into the wood. Again, Star Wars nerd alert, this looks like any asteroid field the Millenium Falcon had to fly through in Empire Strikes Back, last reference to Star Wars. I promise. The wall of paper in varying degrees of reds, yellows, pinks, oranges, greens, and blues was just visually amazing. The pieces utilize the sides of the colored paper. The name of the exhibit escapes. The last one that I really enjoyed was a piece that when you looked at it straight on, was just a few pieces of metal that didn't look like anything at all. When you look at it from the side though, it becomes an airplane. They have a camera and a monitor set up at the perfect angle so you can really see it. Very cool. So, even if you don't understand art you can visit this great museum and try to expand your horizons just a little. I know Ignite Phoenix #7 will be here and I am looking forward to going back to hopefully be able to sneak around to check these exhibits out again.The two links are for the Mass(Colder Dark Matter) and Fireflies pieces.http://www.phxart.org/slideshow/index.html#/COL/72157606315913654/3595186209/http://www.phxart.org/slideshow/index.html#/COL/72157606315913654/2677477643/
5	My husband and I we taking our weekly date night and since it happened to fall on a "First Friday", we decided to head over to the Phoenix Art Museum and check out the Ansel Adams exhibit. We were absolutely stunned by how large the exhibit was when we got there; there were so many prints as well as other misc. items including one of his 8 x 10 cameras. We spent a total of 3 hours there and enjoyed every minute of it. On another note, we had actually had our wedding reception in the Cummings Great Hall back in September of 2006; this was the week before the remodeling was completed & they had their grand opening. The events coordinator was incredibly helpful and the reception was even more amazing than I ever dreamed. I would highly recommend this location to anyone looking for an art inspired location for an event. We will definitely be back to visit soon.
5	I have been a fan but infrequent visitor to the Phoenix Art Museum, but my most recent visit was on an afternoon with my father in law, visiting from NYC.  We checked out the Ansel Adams exhibit, and it was wonderful.  As a college student, I spent many afternoons at the CCP in Tucson where his work is stored, and there were many pieces that they brought out for this exhibit that aren't always on display down there.  But it was "You Who Are Getting Obliterated in the Dancing Swarm of Fireflies" that dumbfounded both of us.  For some perspective, F-I-L is a cultured, well-traveled man (who lives across the street from the Met, no stranger to art, this guy) and he commented about what a completely unexpected, moving surprise the visit to PHXArt was.  I don't know why I'm compelled to mention that, I just am.  Phoenix Art Museum gets better every time I go.
5	I love the Phoenix Art Museum.  I love the permanent exhibit as well as all of the traveling exhibits they are able to get.  I have been lucky enough to see the Monet and Egyptian exhibits when they came and were amazing.
4	I spent a pleasant Sat. afternoon at this museum. Was a bit disappointed that many of the galleries were closed- including the Western Art and Impressionism. So I spent a lot of time at the Ansel Adams exhibit and the modern art pieces. Really enjoyed the fireflies room and the installation art. Also, a great photo exhibit upstairs which depicts photos of families throughout the years-it really catalogs the unstoppable effects of time.
5	I loved it. I've wanted to go here ever since we moved to AZ and I wasn't disappointed. It's HUGE!We didn't even get to see the whole place-as a former photography major I was super excited to see the Ansel Adam exhibit.free on First friday of every month. I'm so ready to come back and see what I missed.Loved the vibe and I agree with everyone else..I'm not an artsy sort of person, but I really was in awe of this place.What a wonderful place to have in Phoenix.3 hrs flew by-I could spend the whole day there.
5	Loves the recent Cezanne show. In fact I've seen it twice in the last week. I need to find out more about who curated the exhibit as it is very fine. The Oriental collection is very nice and soothing. The Downtown Chamber Group gave a wonderful concert in the great hall on Sunday. I wonderful and unusual program of saxophone and harp. I think it is great to have music in the galleries. I liked the musicians being on a platform. since the room isn't banked one can see the performers.A few things I'm not so crazy about:The great room is this awesome space for large art. Sunday I sat and looked at it for several hours. You know, not such great art. I find the Terrill boring and the other pieces uninteresting.The cafe never quite lives up to its promise. My lunch companion barley touched her lunch and the waiter never asked why or offered a box.Enough grousing I love the place and go often.
4	I love any art and cluture and being so close to downtown I try to soak up as much as I can. I would love to see the Phoenix Art Museum do more with and to support local artists. There are so many talented people from Phoenix, Sedona, Jerome.....all over the state. Why not celebrate them? I'd love to see more locals!!
5	Stay Cool...Be Cool!  The PAM is a cool, relaxing, often meditative oasis in the heart of this hot tamale of a city.  Changing exhibits and a diverse collection offer something for everyone.  Visit with the family and be sure to see the firefly room upstairs and the talking blob downstairs!  The Thorne Rooms are a blast from my childhood!Stop at the restaurant for a nice break and the gift shop for something unique.  Best place to go on First Fridays!Also free admission of Wednesday nights - makes it affordable to go eat in the neighborhood before or after as well!!
4	Some good art (one of  Jim Dine's tool drawings and a mesmerizing Lichtenstein -- not one of my favorite artists by any means; but this was a show-stopper) / some truly fabulous bad art (think: GIGUNDUS romantic painting of the perils of crossing the Alps -- complete with semi-exposed boobies, unbridled fat horses, and skulking wolves) in their permanent collection. Some nice asian art too.Only gripe I have is: one time, I found the desk staff to be a bit snooty. Here's a tip: Dress up a little if you know you're going. I think the afore-mentioned snootiness complaint may be the result of being mistaken as a streetperson. That's it.
4	In 2006, I returned to the P A M after a long absence.   I went to see a locally produced exhibit, (Judith Leiber,) which I thoroughly enjoyed and so I renewed My Membership.   Now at the time I was spending a good deal of time with My new granddaughter, Jade and started to bring Her to the Events and Exhibits.   Her first time was to the Cowboy Artist of America and at the time She did not speak much, Yet by the end of the event, She could say; "Cowboys!" (and the Artists always make an effort to, Draw Upon Her.)    Since then I have seen Rembrandt, special guests; The Tudor Tailors, Diego Rivera (with Frida Kahlo),  Author Michael Blake (with His Son) and much more.  As far as being, Good for Kids?!  My granddaughter, Jade's love of going to the P A M has made Me a bigger fan than ever.  ~Please View Pictures~
3	I enjoyed seeing the Cezanne collection. It's just like pictured in the book. I spent time reading about his works and his influence on composition and form. As in other museum I've visited, one really can't take pictures of their best display. It's really a place to walk around for a couple of hours when one doesn't feel rush.I wanted to be surprise to see Classical sculptures and hand made works of art and I didn't see any here as,  I'm very particular about the historical eras and movement of interest . Leave that to the big city museums. The fact that they have high end borrowed art and a place like this in Phoenix makes it a must for resident to see once in a while what the civic offering provides. This place is half a block off the light rail makes it convenient.
5	Even though a big chunk of  it was under construction, I was able to spend a few hours there.  The tour guides are friendly.I'm one of the many who adore the "You Who Are Getting Obliterated in the Dancing Swarm of Fireflies" exhibit.  It's surreal to say the least.
4	I went to see the Chicano art exhibit and was very impressed.  A great permanent collection as well.  Not world class but great for across the street.
5	Dennita scores again with her latest Costume Institute function !!!The focus was Halston, his work and a strange but highly inciteful film about this American fashion icon prevailing over the 1970's and beyond.Lots of young stylish men and women seem to echo my sentiments.  Dennita is the chief curator of the Costume Institute. For the last 8 years approx. she has brought needed energy and momentum to this faction of the museum. We are blessed to have her in our midst!Anxiously awaiting her next event !This one was entirely affordable at $20, offering a pre-party with yummy food and a 2 hour film.  Cash bar was reasonably priced as well.
5	I really like this museum a lot.It's very accessible, both physically (light rail just yards away) and artistically,is spacious and enjoyably laid out - though I wish they'd built more UP instead of wasting so much land,have a really nice courtyard,a great event space,friendly staff, andfascinating & fun events.Summary:I'm very glad to be a member here and will be renewing it next year :)
4	we did date night last night at the phoenix art museum and had the best time!!! wed after 3 is free too!!!
3	stopped by closing hours on First Friday -stunning Tatiana Sorokko exhibit on loan through Jan 2, 2011 - breathtaking pieces: Ralph Chado Rucci burnt rust plumed bolero, Vivienne Westwood "Storm in a Teacup," Jean Paul Gaultier fishnet/silk chiffon gown, Matsuda wool crepe suit, Yohji Yamamoto, Comme des Garcons. highly recommend.seems like the museum has a decent roster of ongoing/special events
4	Amazing collection for PHX!! Well never thought to find this place in this city. So next time I hear people saying there is no art going on in PHX...wait a minute! there is a place!!Haven't been there in a year, but I will probably stop any "first friday"
5	I am always impressed by this art museum. They have amazing exhibits, wonderful touring exhibitions, and an awesome contemporary and modern art collection. I love the atmosphere of this museum. The layout of the museum is fantastic and it's very fun to walk around. I like how they give plenty of space between each painting so that you can stop at look at a piece and you're not in someone else's way. Also, the staff at this museum is very friendly and helpful which you do not find at every art museum. They're willing to answer silly questions and they know alot about each of the exhibits which is awesome.Some of my favorite pieces were:Frida Kahlo's The Suicide of Dorothy HaleThe Tatiana Sorokko exhibit with beautiful dresses and a photo collageAnd some of the larger installations in the contemporary art collectionAlso,Wednesdays after 3, the Phoenix Art Museum is free!
5	The Phoenix Art Museum is on my list of cultural musts in Phoenix. And for those who say Phoenix lacks culture, they haven't visited some of our staple places such as the Phoenix Art Museum yet. If I walk in on any given day, I will be immediately immersed into a world of art, history and entertainment all in one. The art museum brings in a variety of different traveling exhibits throughout the year. I've seen timeless artists such as Monet, Manet and Picasso and I've seen unforgettable works from photographers like Ansel Adams. I've seen red carpet fashion and I've seen modern art that will never be forgotten. Regardless of the time of year, the Phoenix Art Museum always brings in a wonderful variety and adds a true element of art to Phoenix. I can either do a walking tour of the museum or explore on my own and I can and have gotten lost in the museum for hours. The cafe at the Art Museum is run by Arcadia Farms so not only can I enjoy a day of art but then I can have a nice iced tea and some lunch from one of my favorite restaurants in town. Throughout the month, the Phoenix Art Museum will host different movie and performance evenings, workshops, demonstrations and they have even host some young professional events on occasion. Not only is the Art Museum a great place to spend a lazy Saturday, but it is always a perfect event venue as well.
5	Let's be honest, Phoenix has developed a reputation as a city without any culture. It's institutions like the Phoenix Art Museum that are proving how untrue that statement is! Phoenix Art Museum is one of my favorite places in town, with the standard awe-inspiring pieces as well as traveling exhibits that keep me coming back. It's a great mix of new artists and classics like Picasso and Monet...and includes some great exhibits like Peter Wegner's Guillotine of Sunlight or my personal favorite Yayoi Kusama's fireflies exhibit. Step into this darkened room and experience millions of "fireflies" in a moment you'll never forget. With great promotions like Target's free Wednesday nights and great programs for the under 21 crowd, the Phoenix Art Museum stands as an example of all that the Phoenix cultural scene has to offer.
2	On the day I visited, many of the exhibits and galleries were closed due to one reason or another--preparing for a fundraiser, renovation. The Contemporary Art collection was really limited and unimaginative. There were very few multimedia works, or multidimensional works. There was a lackluster collection of coture clothing which were not contextualized in any way, shape, or form. Why would these clothes be art? No clue there. Frankly, smaller museums such as the Denver Museum of Art/Albuquerque Museum, and the Panhandle Plains Museum, do far better in their breadth and depth, respectively.The only really good thing about the Phoenix Art Museum are their grounds. Great willow acacia trees and fountains! I felt the building was arid and sterile and at the same time dark.
5	We have been to the art museum many times over the years, it always gets better.The current cowboy exhibit is as usual good, even though it is not my cup of tea. One good thing, I saw an artist name that I recognize as being on one of our pieces at home. The difference between ours and the pieces in the museum is ours has no cowboys in it, just animals. But we will have to investigate. The exhibit we went to see for the most part was, Extending the Runway Tatiana Sorokko Style. It did not disappoint at all.Of course we also enjoyed the rest of the exhibits and Phoenix should be very happy with this venue.
5	I'm adding "great place to find a gift" to my review of Phoenix Art Museum. While searching for a birthday present for my photography loving Mom, I immediately thought of the Phoenix Art Museum. I found a great gift for her at the museum gift shop and I also got to enjoy the latest exhibits and have a nice Arcadia Farms lunch all in one visit. Now that's birthday shopping at its finest!
4	I'm so grateful that we have this lovely museum because these are some of the exhibitions that have come through here and stayed with me:Frida KahloRembrandtPassport to EuropeAnsel AdamsCezanneDefining Moments - Judy and Sidney ZuberReally great spots inside here to steal some time to just sit and reflect.  By far, one of my favorite places in Phoenix.
5	Great collection!
4	Phoenicians are so fortunate to have this taste of culture and art.
5	Saturday the 19th of March was the perfect, sunny, morning for an Arizona cultural adventure.   I jumped in my Jeep, threw back the top, and headed downtown Phoenix.  There, I met up with Meghann and Melanie at the hip and trendy wine bar/patio of Postino Central.  We gobbled up a quick brunch of bruschetta and mimosas before our planned afternoon at the Phoenix Art Museum.       This was my first visit to the Phoenix Art Museum and it definitely will not be my last.   The museum was originally designed in 1959 by New York Architects Tod Williams, Billie Tsien & Associates.  It is conveniently located off Central/McDowell Streets and walking distance from a light rail stop (which I will probably utilize for my next visit).  It houses over 18,000 works of modern and contemporary art, features traveling exhibitions, presents festivals, live performances and independent films.       As you walk through the front doors of the museum, the first thing you will encounter is a blast of warm and humid air, necessary for preserving the artifacts which are housed inside the facility.   Gloriously hanging in the central lobby is a Josiah McElheny sculpture.   This piece was one of my favorites and not because the guard caught me touching it (the first thing that I saw, oops).  It is a beach ball sized metal sphere with approximately 6ft. poles protruding from it.   At the ends are glass light bulbs.  In essence it is a giant chandelier the size of a minivan.  Cool!        The north wing of the main floor featured an exhibit called the "Fashion Independent: The Original Style of Ann Bonfoey Taylor".    Ann Taylor amongst other things was a style icon.   She bought, owned, and wore a custom-made wardrobe.   The pieces in her collection were made by some of the most gifted 20th century designers such as Dior, Charles James, Givenchy, Madame Gres, and Balenciaga.  Her collection was donated by her family to the Phoenix Art Museum in 2008.   I was in awe at the perfect tailoring in some of the beautiful ball gowns.   Meghann drooled over the Henry Maxwell riding boots and I think each of us wanted to run off with Anne's collection of Louis Vuitton luggage.  It was truly an extraordinary display of haute couture fashion.       Our next stop excited all three of us.   We found ourselves on the second floor of the north wing.   Located in a small room (offset from the main gallery) is a collection of the "Thorne Miniature Rooms".    Resembling tiny doll houses, each window holds a small replica of a European 13th -17th century interior.   Mrs. James Ward Thorne had them constructed by a master craftsman in the 1930's.  The interiors were painstakingly built at a scale of 1" = 1' - 0".    Although most patrons of the museum wandered quickly in and out of the display; these miniatures were captivating to an audience of interior design students.  We spent almost an hour in the small space.   Taking pictures of each one and marveling at the brilliant craftsmanship of each tiny furniture piece.   Shouts from Mel "oh look at the tiny Chippendale chair" or "isn't that a Hepplewhite?" drew Meghann and myself over, to press our noses against the glass and confirm.   We were delighted.         Moving over to the south wing of the museum we were enthralled to find interesting modern art pieces such a string of thousands of 100 Centavos (Brazilian currency) put together like a snake, a box adorned with knitting yard to resemble faux wood, and a talking projected blob.   We wandered in and out of gallery spaces for five hours; taking in Monet, Georgia O'Keefe, M.C. Escher, Cornelia Parker, and Anish Kapoor.       A long and successful day at the Phoenix Art Museum was brought to a wonderful close.  We sought out a room recommended by the front guard (yep, the same one that reminded me "not to touch" anything).  It was Yayoi Kusama's Firefly installation.   We each gasped as we walked into a completely blacked out 12x12ft room. Better than any haunted house, the experience is literally breathtaking.  It is hard to describe the "feeling" but the design of the project is quite simple.  Individual LED lights drop down from wires which are suspended from the ceiling.  Black granite floors, mirrored walls and a mirror ceiling give the illusion that you are surrounded 360 degrees by tiny fireflies which go on to infinity.  BRILLIANT!   Mel went back in, twice.  I will be taking my sister and niece when they visit in May, solely for this fantastic exhibit.   I cannot wait to experience the PHX Art Museum again!
5	What a wonderful museum! I especially liked the modern art area. Went with 2 adults, a 9 and 4 year old and 3 month old. In many museums this would be frowned upon especially by other patrons but we were pleasantly surprised. Unfortunately, the kids area was closed the day we were there. Thank goodness they were all quite happy to check out the other exhibits! We only made it through about half of them before deciding that it would be best for us to leave the others for another visit. Loved the courtyard outside and would love to go back sans kids for a meal at the cafe. It will likely be a while before that happens because EVERYDAY the kids ask when we're going back!
4	The contemporary and American art sections of this museum are 5 stars, outstanding! I also loved the overall museum layout and architecture.
5	I had the privilege of attending this past Friday for the Phx Art Museums "First Friday" event. This time is was a floral themed event.... where local floral artists were paired with different pieces throughout the museum. It was really very wonderful! I had not been to the Phoenix Art Museum for many years (since the Monet Exhibit). And I had the impression that this time it was MUCH BIGGER than I ever remembered it.I loved the diversity of the art exhibits. My personal favorites are the more modern multimedia type pieces.There was a live performance art group when I was there... they were awesome... but very odd all at the same time. I look forward to attending again next month. I would very mch like to make it a routine.
5	I love the new PAM! Every time I visit I am reminded of what a cool Museum this is. I am so pleased with the remodel completed recently, and am proud of Phoenix for such a cool space. We went most recently to see a lecture by Andres Serrano who was brought to Phx by Eric Fischl. The talk was fun, and inspiring! I also go here on occasion to see Nearly Naked Theater which calls a theater here home.
4	I purchased a membership to the Phoenix Art Museum last year and I am very glad that I did.  Coming to the museum gives me a chance to relax and feed my soul with art on a regular basis.  The membership entitles you to bring another adult along so that is also a plus since it has given me a chance to introduce the museum to other friends and family members for free.Just in the year or so that I have been going it seems like this place is continually improving itself.  I have to admit that when I first moved to Phoenix I was disappointed at the museums here and I still feel like we are not up to par with other cities of the same size.  It is nice to see one art/culture venue that is striving to be better.  I have not been able to partake in all the events that they hold (tours, lectures, movie screenings, etc) since they mostly seem to fall on weeknights.  But I still have managed to see all the rotating exhibits (my favorite was the one on Cezanne and his contemporaries) while they are there.  It is great to have an excuse to get out of the 'burbs on the weekend and come enjoy downtown... or I guess its uptown... or midtown?  Anyway, I think they're doing a great job and this is a real Phoenix gem.
5	I can't get enough of the Phoenix Art Museum, I come every few months and always have such a good time. I really enjoy the Philip C. Curtis art, it is probably my favorite part of the museum, but the upstairs is also sweet with the more modern/contemporary art and the fun "firefly" exhibition. I also came most recently to a Heidi Duckler event, if you get a chance to see her dance group here I would definitely recommend it. The only issue I've ever run into is obnoxiously loud guests, which is not the museums fault. You've got to come here if you never have, or if you haven't been in a while, it's a beautiful facility with good staff and some schools get you in for free, and with a good sized gift shop with tons of cool trinkets, you just can't go wrong.
5	I went to see the Ann Banofy Taylor exhibit.  It was fascinating and really explained why couture is an art form.  The clothes were stunning and the subject led a fascinating life.  The museum overall was really a world class building.  They have many more pieces than I remember and I love the clean space.  It feels very open and free versus the old museum, which felt very cluttered.  Fascinating.
3	I had some extra time the other day and stopped in here to kill some time.  I'm a member and have been here on many occasions.  I really like the Philip Curtis paintings.
4	Went to the Phx Art Museum for the first time. It was First Friday so it was free to check out the museum. A woman stopped us inside and said she was giving a tour at 6:30 of the Theatre De La Mode ( http://www.phxart.org/fashion/ ), so we gathered around her and she was quite knowledgeable and had good information. She told us alot of history of Paris haute couture. The exhibit was exquisite, I wanted to touch the fashions so bad like a little kid. But they had an alarm around it.There were beautiful gorgeous hand made gowns and dresses by people like Balenciaga and other designers from the post-World War II France era.After showing us that exhibit , the tour guide also showed us the South Wing of the museum and some other interesting art installations. I want to go back to the Phx Art Museum. It's a large museum and there is no way to see the entire thing in one visit, they have some great, curiously interesting pieces with facinating backgrounds.There was a cuban band playing in the museum on this night,after the tour we all gathered near the band and just danced a bit while having drinks.
5	I recently moved back to Phx and visited the museum several times on free (with donation) Wednesday nights.  I really liked what I saw:  the Anne Bonfoy Taylor exhibit was stunning, all the great new contemporary pieces, the depth of their permanent collection, the Phillip Curtis paintings and the new Mexican modern paintings show.  I got a membership and plan to go often!  Also really like the restaurant and gift shop, and the museum is a must-do for out-of-town visitors.
5	We had a great day visiting the Modern Mexican Painting exhibit.  Upstairs there is an exhibit and hands-on activities for kids. There is always something to see for the entire family.   We had a blast and a great way for the family to stay cool.
5	I love this museum. The architecture is gorgeous. They have great collections. My girlfriend and I went to see the Modern Mexican exhibit last Wednesday when admission was free. We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. It was my third visit to PAM and I always leave feeling energized and inspired. I highly recommend it.
5	There's fantastic art to be seen here! Everything about this museum is great -- from the literal walls  (architecture) to the art within them!I'm partial to tours, personally. I like to know a little more than the title and artist which can be read on the plaques. It helps me to hear some background about a piece to generate more curiosity about the work. I strongly recommend spending a little time exploring their website before you go to read up on the pieces. It really gives your appreciation of the art a whole different perspective.The films and lectures are interesting -- learned a lot about Ansel Adams, for example. I especially enjoyed the Cezanne exhibition. Some of my favorites from the "regulars" are the Philip Curtis room and the conceptual work: Guillotine of Sunlight. Of course, everyone loves Yayoi Kusama's fantastic installation! It's only $10 admission to begin with, but the admission fee is waived for a  donation on First Fridays from 6-10 pm and Wednesdays from 3-9 pm. And, those days they're open "late," otherwise, they close kinda early (5 p .m.) Or, just join (I think it's $75) and support culture in Phoenix!
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this museum. It has a lot of great artwork and the collections are diverse too. They have modern art, Mexican, Asian, Impressionism (MONET!!!), paintings, sculptures, pottery, and funky stuff. You can spend a lot of time there. It is spacious and a well kept museum. I really recommend it. I say go on First Friday so you don't have to pay the admission cost.
5	This museum participates in the Bank of America Museums on Us program. On select weekends, Bank of America customers get free admission to the museum. I was delightfully surprised the last time I dropped by and admission ended up free for me and my boyfriend.  Info at: http://museums.bankofamerica.com/On a more relevant note, this museum is awesome. Really great contemporary art collection. This museum has a photograph by Vic Muniz, from his project he did in collaboration with workers at one of the world's largest landfills in Brazil. This project was the topic of  Wasteland, an AMAZING documentary that was nominated for an Oscar. I thoroughly enjoyed seeing the photograph at the PAM after watching the documentary. Good times.PS: The cafe on site is not very good. They don't even have an espresso machine. If need be, I would recommend getting coffee beforehand or afterwards.
5	I've lived in Phoenix for 16 years and just visited the Phoenix Art Museum for the first time last week.  What a huge mistake (my haste, not the museum)!  This place is amazing; beautiful building, gorgeous grounds and massive in size.  The modern/contemporary section was my favorite by a mile, with a collection easily on par with other museums I've been to worldwide.  I can't wait to go back and see what I missed! A+++
4	I was so impressed with this museum. I've been talking about it nonstop and it seems the only people not favoring it are comparing it to the MOMA, National Gallery and the like. That's like when my ex mother in law didn't like Fazoli's because it wasn't authentic Italian food. We're not New York (or DC or any place like that) but for Phoenix, this museum is impressive. Lot's of big artists and my sweet pea and I are big fans of the firefly room, a hi-lite for any four year old.
5	I am obsessed with this place!  I cannot say enough amazing things...I love their exhibits...I love Arcadia Farms inside...I love the architecture and design of the building...I love the staff (they are so helpful)...the gift shop is fabulous (I got the cutest watch bangle)...I love the giant red t-rex out front...I love the kids area (or at least my son does)...I love the diversity of the art!  I would recommend getting a membership because it allows you to be able go all year long with your loved ones and family!  You can have weddings here and they are beautiful!  They have events here all the time if you sign up for emails or become a member...at least just go once and you will fall in love!
4	Wait what?? Phoenix has an art museum?!? Are you shitting me? Really? Yah I guess so...It's a little bit of everything in here. And when I say everything I mean, stuff from the Renaissance all the way up to and including a lot of modern and contemporary art. They have a few impressionists and post-impressionists art as well.During my visit here they also had the Mexican artists exhibit. Paintings from the 19th and 20th centuries from famous artists such as Frida Kahlo and Diego Garcia and others were part of this temporary exhibit. But most paintings are modern.There are two full buildings here, with 3 full floors each so one can come here and be immersed into the arts and sculptures for several hours.The staff were super friendly. And this is a great museum to take the kids or have a field trip. The museum store is pretty nice and they also have a cafe. They have random tours throughout the day, and it's free. So just jump right in one when they offer a tour. There's a nice little garden and walking path in between the two buildings so take a stroll there too if you have the chance.So yes, they do have an art museum in Phoenix.
4	I had no idea that a city such as Phoenix would have such a world class art museum. Ignorance on my part and I was glad to have it brushed away by the culture in this lovely and well organized museum.$10 for a visitor and I was able to get nose-to-art with a Picasso, Pissaro, Money and several O'Keeffe's. There is a big focus on art of the Southwest and of Mexico but there are lots of other fantastic pieces here. Some ancient stuff (a 4000 year old vase) and some more modern stuff (the Cruzieros display) are a lovely mix of new and old. I particularly enjoyed the gallery of Stallings photographs that followed the construction of the bridge at Hoover Dam. (I've added that to my bookmarks, btw.)The Great Hall seems like an excellent place to have a gathering and the sculpture garden was also quite lovely (though it was surprisingly cold outside today).Parking is easy and the museum has a free map that helps you find your way around the galleries. The only thing that I felt was missing was an audio guide. I really like to have some help with interpreting the art and understanding what I'm enjoying.
5	Loved the location for First Fridays! I loved the older crowd and more of a family atmosphere. The exhibits were absolutely wonderful. Coming from NYC and Chicago, I was not expecting too much having been spoiled with the likes of the Met, Moma, Art institute of Chicago, and museum of contemporary art in Chicago, but I was wrong! There was a special under water theme area with adorable DIY crafts and nibbbles (similar to first friday in Chicago). The fashion section was also great as was the modern exhibits with heavy hitters like my favorite Rothko. I grew a lot of appreciation for some new artists. The museum is a great size in that it is actually accomplishable in a night and similar in size to the Guggeheim. Some areas leave something to be desired but I have no regrets leaving. It was a fabulous time.
5	It makes me sad to see that so many people are surprised that Phoenix has an art museum, let along a good one.   Why wouldn't we have great places where you can just wander around looking at stuff all day in the air-conditioning?  Did you think we only offered malls for that?That being said, the Phoenix Art Museum has really done a nice job of making it interesting for those of us escaping the heat.  They have some great installations (the firefly one is a must!) and some amazing paintings by artists that you likely know.  Often, they also showcase some regional collections (cowboy/western exhibit) or offer exhibits featuring some historical AZ reference - currently running is the Frank Lloyd Wright exhibit & Historical AZ photography exhibit.  Those are what you keep you coming back.The sculpture garden is awesome too when the weather is nice.  The restaurant onsite also boasts local foods, wines & beers which is an awesome experience for both natives and tourists alike.  Most of us from here are clueless to the what AZ can really bring to the table, literally.The Museum sits on what was once the Phoenix Public Library and Phoenix Children's theater.  I have fond memories of the card catalogs and microfilm adventures there after school.  And on the weekends, Grandma would bring us the children's theater for a shows put on by The Cookie Company.  The best part were the Oreo cookies and carton of milk they handed out after the show (not just a clever name).  Some of my favorite memories - thanks for letting me share.
4	My husband and I got married at the Phoenix Art Museum last month. This is a review of the museum as a wedding venue.The Phoenix Art Museum is a fabulous place to get married. You can have your ceremony in the courtyard, in the modern art gallery (which is what we did), in the front lobby, or on the front steps by the fountain. They have an enormous hall for the reception.Pros:- It has that modern, not-at-all Southwest feel that my husband and I were looking for.- They do a couple of weddings a year, so they know what they're doing, but they aren't simply a wedding factory. None of our guests had ever been to a wedding there, so it felt unique and special.- There are so many amazing locations for individual, couple, and group photos.- The event managers, Heather and Jackie, were great. They got back to me quickly when I had a question; they included my husband in the process; they were professional and friendly; they thought of the little details that helped everything flow seamlessly.- If you have your ceremony in the gallery, as we did, there's a big staircase for a dramatic entrance.- You can have your ceremony and reception in the same place, so your guests don't have to spend time traveling.- The guys' ready room is behind a secret sliding wall. My husband got a kick out of that.Cons:- It's $500 for the ceremony and $4,500 for the reception, so it's a little pricey.- You have to use their bartender, ARTenders, so you don't have much flexibility to keep alcohol costs down. - You have to use one of their preferred caterers, but they have a long list. We went with Santa Barbara Catering, and they were fabulous.- The marble floor can get a little uncomfortable for dancing in heels. We put out a bunch of flip flops in a variety of colors and sizes (labeled "Sandals of Relief"), which were a big hit.- The ladies' ready room isn't that attractive for the getting ready photos.- When you're doing walk-throughs and meeting with vendors, you have to pay $10 admission, but they're free on Wednesdays.Overall, we are so very happy we got married at the Phoenix Art Museum. I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a unique, beautiful wedding location.
5	what a beautiful place. although we only saw a fraction of it (it was the site of 2012 Phoenix Devoured), i was highly impressed at all the art pieces we did see. the area was completely spacious and at times, seemed utterly expansive. the courtyard was immaculately groomed, with lots of paths and even the museum showcased some food for the event. their food options were exceptionally tasty and would be a dining option even if you didn't go to the museum itself. i especially liked the big bang sculpture in the lobby and the giant red dinosaur out front.
1	I am an art lover but don't dig the overkill by the people who are "guarding" the art from the common folk.  After having a run-in with an over-zealous guard and then discussing it with Heather the manager, I will most likely not return.  They are many friendlier art installations in the valley...I will give them my hard-earned support instead.
5	Wednesday afternoons are free - and you MUST take advantage of this!  There are new exhibits every few weeks, and once you have been a few times, you start to pick out special pieces that become familiar and expected, and yet always continue to intrigue and inspire! My favorite thing to do is listen to a meditation podcast or instrumental music (not classical - but latin, indian... something interesting) and take in the art with my own soundtrack going.  Very art-school, I know - but totally fun and indulgent :) Please go and enjoy! (*also, the staff there is friendly and helpful and do not hover or stand weirdly close to you while you look a things. this is a big plus)
4	For an Art Museum away from a place like New York or Washington DC, this place is really great.  They have a fairly sizable and diverse collection, and they have great special installations coming through all of the time.  You can easily spend an entire day here.The space is absolutely beautiful and is among one of the more lovely museums I've been in.Admission prices are fairly cheap, as are memberships.  The museum is a real jewel for Phoenix.
5	The architecture is just as pleasurable as the art. The building is almost like a playground trying to explore all the floors.  The museum does a great job of representing a diverse collection especially for Phoenix being such a young city compared to the east coast.There is a fair mix of Contemporary, European, Southwest, and traveling exhibitions.  My favorites right now are: Mass by Cornelia ParkerChuck Close's portrait tapestry You Who are getting Obliterated in the Dancing Swarm of Fireflies by Yayoi Kusama.Wednesday nights are also free (voluntary donation) from 3-9pm [Courtesy of SRP]Also went Easter Sunday and got in for free as Bank of America let's their customers in for free the first FULL WEEKEND of the month.  Nice little perk.Would like to see more corporations and entrepreneurs donate to help the collection grow.  Hard to develop funds when so many people in the city have ties to the midwest or east coast then make their donations back east.Downtown is a great time to invest as it's growing by leaps and bounds right now.
5	Van Gogh show was great!!
5	I'm just going to come right out and say it: I don't get a lot of "art".But I also know that if you don't use your brain (the lump of fat three feet above your ass) regularly, it'll atrophy.  Plus, if you're a student in the Maricopa Community College Syatem, you get in for free.  And it's inside, so it's something to do when the mercury starts climbing into the triple digits.  And like so many other things in Phoenix, it's accessible.  Light rail is right there.  Otherwise, parking is a breeze.So, expand your horizons and go check it out.  You may not "get" a lot of it, you may "like" even less, but I think you'll find something that strikes you that you weren't expecting, and that's kind of the point.It was with some trepidation I darkened the door of the Phoenix Art Museum with a friend of mine.  Little did I know that we'd actually run out of time, and would end up leaving before seeing everything.Sure, there was plenty of the modern "art" that I expected, mocked, and asked predictably "how is this 'art'?" derisively, with a hint of sarcasm, while my much more cultured friend just rolled her eyes and shook her head.  Hey, what did you expect, taking me to an art museum?  But I found a lot that- even if I didn't love it, I was able to marvel at the time and effort- the craftsmanship that went into a lot of the collection.  And sometimes, at least for me, you have to respect the amount of detail, time, and care put into getting every last detail just so.If you ask me, like some kind of cultural Mad Lib, "Do you see the __________ of __________ that the artist intended to reflect in his piece by including __________, __________, and __________, and by choosing to use __________ as his media?  Do you feel the emotions of __________ and/or __________ as the artist intended?" I may just look at you like you have an extra hole in your head, but that doesn't mean I don't like it.And any art museum that can host an exhibition called "Curves of Steel" about automotive design and the art therein has my vote (and my patronage).  Too bad I missed it.  By 5 years.  But here's to hoping they commission another exhibit about the automobile as rolling sculpture- I'll be there.And while I'm there, I'll take another look around, and see if I can see what Georgia O'Keeffe was *really* painting when she painted all those flowers (they were women, right?).
5	We've been to the Phoenix Art Museum several times, but this was the first time we had attended a film (of sorts). It was held in Whiteman Hall and it was a simulcast from the National Theatre in London of "One Man, Two Guvnors".  Terrific seating and accoustics and just the cost of admission to the museum.  Highly recommend for viewing of films and theatre.
4	Nice art museum with plenty to see.  I pretty much spent a whole afternoon here during my visit.  The museum has a diverse offering of collections but the Contemporary Art collection stood out to me, so many bright and unique pieces that really caught my attention.  I also quite enjoyed the beautiful pieces in the Asian Art collection.  The Fashion collection was interesting as well, but it was tiny compared to what I was expecting based on what I had read about beforehand on the museum's website.Photography is welcome in the museum except for certain pieces that are marked.  Most of the pieces that were off limits to photography were in the Contemporary Art section.I loved that parking was a breeze since there's a large lot on site.
4	The first thing that I used to notice about the Phoenix Art Museum was its beautiful, modern facility, including the sunburst chandelier hanging in the entrance, and the museum's beautiful grounds, some of it landscaped with local cacti. In the past, I have enjoyed a variety of temporary exhibits here, including an Ansel Adams photography exhibit and one showcasing the quirky art of yixing teapots. If you like contemporary art, then you will love what the Phoenix Art Museum has to offer. Historic and more traditional artwork is featured on one of the museum's upper floors. In fact, this is where I first encountered my now favorite Southwestern landscape painting, "Sweeping Clouds," by local artist Ed Mell. The museum's gift store has an outstanding selection of gifts, many of them bearing relation to the artwork on exhibit in the museum. I just wish they sold a poster copy of Ed Mell's famous Southwestern landscape. If I have one suggestion for improvement, I would like to see an expansion of Western American art, including landscapes, at the museum. What is currently on display is very good, but I just feel there should be even more Western American representation here. At any rate, this is a wonderful art museum, and with it being located in such close proximity to the Heard Museum, it would be easy to make a cultural day out of visiting them both. Definitely worth the visit.
5	I love this museum and go there pretty regularly.  I try to visit every few months when they have a new exhibit going on and I have never been disappointed.  They have free tours so if you have trouble "getting" art then go when there is a free guided tour of the current exhibit.
4	We went here because my daughter really loves art.  I'm not  a huge fan personally, but I was impressed with the amount of art on display as well as the knowledge the staff shared on demand.A nice way to get a little culture on vacation.
4	Wonderful place to view both classical and modern art. The different wings of the building feel like completely different spaces because they contain completely different installments, yet the whole space is cohesive and contemporary.A little tip: go on Wednesday nights. Admission is free (with a suggested donation) and you can see the special installments (such as the Frank Lloyd Wright or Paper! exhibits) for free.
4	Love this museum and the pieces and if you have bofa its free first sat and sundays of the month. Don't bring water bottles in. A phx must see, will be back next first sat of the month. The pieces are pretty and the place is great!
5	Fairly extensive collections that span a wide range of different mediums and eras of art.  There is usually a special exhibit, and the ones I've been to have been superb.  The current one, Paper!, despite the pedestrian name, is actually a very interesting exhibit, for there are some famous artists' works on exhibit at this show, including M.C. Escher, Warhol, Duher, Joseph Cornell, Toulouse-Lautrec, and Rembrandt just to name a few. The paper exhibit is not limited to 2D art, for there are some paper fashions from such designers as Chanel (by Karl Lagerfeld), as well as some political ad paper dresses from the '60s (Examples include a Nixon dress, and a "Romney for President" paper dress).  There are also amazing sculptures made from paper that really utilize the medium well.  There is a good mix of contemporary art as well as art from the old masters.  One of the more contemporary artists on exhibit did an amazing woodblock print piece called "The Triumph of Death" that spans a whole wall, but is actually made up of pieces of individual woodblock prints put together to form a cohesive whole.  The detail in it was amazing, and it reminded me a little of some of Bosch's cautionary works, except with a Latin twist.You can easily spend hours here, and if you have a Maricopa Community College ID you get free admission!  Definitely a good way to spend a day if you have free time in the summer and want to escape the heat.
5	I have lived in the Phoenix Metro area now for 16 years, can't believe this was my first time at the Phoenix Art Museum.  I came because of Bank of America's Museums on Us program which got us in for free.  This place is pretty huge and extensive.  Currently they were having a display about the art of paper.  I thought this was pretty cool.  I had lots more fun here than I ever expected, and will definitely be back.  Living in the East Valley this was very convenient to get to being across from the Central & McDowell Metro stop.  I now know why AAA has given this museum a gem rating in their Arizona travel book.  Highly recommended. =)
3	The BF and I went to PAM this past week and I must say it wasn't their best showing. I have gone for special exhibits in the past and it has been great, but they were between exhibits so a lot of the museum was out of commission. The older paintings were very cool, they even have a Monet. The majority of the museum is modern art, which I personally am not a fan of. The 'art' reminded me of stuff you see at first Friday....it was not so impressive. I would go back if there was a special touring exhibit to see, but as it is, I wouldn't visit again.
5	Great place to go on First Fridays.  Phoenix has an art walk, galleries are open, food and street art all available, even Ollie the trolley to give you a lift from the Phoenix Art Museum to the main areas of the art galleries.  So Park at the Phoenix Art Museum on the first Friday of the month, free admission, donation recommended and enjoy the museum.  Once your done with the museum Ollie the trolley will give you a ride to downtown where more art and food can be had.As for the museum it has great contemporary art as well as classic art.  It is several stories high and displays several exhibits throughout.  We enjoyed the classic art and  the modern exhibits as well.  My suggestion is to go on the first Friday of the month so that you can enjoy the museum at a donation admission price.  Then take Ollie the trolley to Roosevelt and enjoy local art, street art, and food.  Take in the complete Phoenix art scene in one night.  Enjoy :)
5	Great museum, exhibits change every few months.  Free on First Friday evenings and Wednesday afternoons.  The bar/restaurant is delicious, and it's nice to have a drink and a bit in the sculpture garden.  Wonderful place to volunteer at.  Drop in and spend the afternoon, you won't be disappointed.
5	We visited the Phoenix Art Museum yesterday to see the wonderful photography show by William Clift. It represents nearly 40 years of passionate work and should not be missed. The images are there to be seen and enjoyed. There are no labels or descriptions, just you and the work. It is landscape photography, but so very much more. Don't miss it. My first trip to the Phoenix Art Museum, as we are new to Arizona. It was a great and pleasant surprise. The museum shows the long time direction of an excellent director. This regional museum is as good as it gets.Finally, the Palette restaurant was another special discovery. Forget everything you know about institutional food. This is local, organic when possible and delicious. My vote is for the Butternut Squash Bisque.
3	We didn't have a great visit but maybe the problem is that I brought 3 children with me to experience the art?
4	I really like this museum.  Every time I visit, I tell myself "I should come here every week," but I don't.  Admission on Wednesdays, between 5p and 9p, are free, which is the day I usually go.    FYI, I read in a flyer somewhere that if you're a Bank of America customer, you can get in for free on the first weekend of each month.  Good to know!There are a few pieces I always visit, and I'm glad they're on permanent display here!  On one of my previous visits with an aunt in tow, we were able to see a few complete- to almost-complete Samurai warrior attire-- serendipity indeed, as one of her sons is an expert (of sorts) on Samurai culture, WWII swords (many have been retrieved on Philippine fields), and a martial arts aficionado (both of her sons took Kung Fu for many years, and the sword-enthusiast regularly visits Korean and Japanese dojos!).  I will try to upload some photos of my last few visits soon (if not today).
5	I have spent more hours here than I can count - and even if there were no traveling special exhibits, I'd find something new every time.Granted - I am that person who spent over an hour staring at a single Kandinsky a few years back. I do have real appreciation for the special exhibitions.I also appreciate the sculptures in the courtyard, the miniatures, the Asian collection and several other pieces from the permanent collection. One of the advantages of being in Phoenix is the accessible parking (happily also along the light rail) and the reasonable entrance fees. (To the people who gripe about the museum and theater prices in Phoenix - go to NYC, San Francisco, Boston, Chicago, etc. We have bargains in comparison!Having lived in PHX for as long as I have, I've watched the museum grow. Section by section. I appreciate the modern lines and use of light throughout - and given how many additions have been built on over the years, it's still architecturally coherent.The cafe is a nice pit stop, and the gift shop is well stocked and has something for everyone. There are great events through the course of the year - and annual membership is well worth the price for how much you get in exchange!
5	I'm not an art aficionado, but I thoroughly enjoyed visiting the Phoenix Art Museum. I went there with a group of friends and we walked through almost the entire thing. It's huge! The best parts of our visit were walking to each unique exhibit, like the firefly room and the 1920s fashion showcase. Those types of exhibits really helped break up our nearly 3 hour visit. Another highlight was simply walking around the building. The museum and The Phoenix Theatre share a pretty green courtyard with water fountains and halls lit by LEDs. Plenty of opportune places to snap a few pictures with friends.At the end of the night, we were all talking about when we could come back for our second visit. Job well done PAM.
5	Great place. You gotta see the exhibit on 20th century art. Post Mao paintings are eye opener. Don't miss the video on the couple who collected them. It explains a lot. The exhibit on artists who were influenced by major modern artists like Picasso, Rivera, Kahlo- another don't. The regular modern art exhibit is also a great collection
5	I overheard a few visitors commenting on their surprise at the Monet on exhibit. No, you don't expect Phoenix to be a spectacular cultural destination, but this museum is big with a handful of interesting collections and they get some great exhibitions that come through. You WILL recognize some of the artists and you'll likely see and enjoy pieces you didn't expect!It's a great way to spend an afternoon - I walked through everything in twoish hours, but easily could have taken more time and do plan on going back to do just that! With free admission every Wednesday and during First Fridays, as well as the Culture Pass available from local libraries and opening on holiday Mondays when they're normally closed, they really want to make the museum accessible and remind Phoenicians that it's not just hot here, we've got culture too! So go ahead and act like a tourist for a day. Plus, after you've worked up your appetite, there are plenty of great restaurants around to rest your feet and talk about your favorite pieces...like the unmarked back corner room on the top floor of the South Wing, it's worth getting all the way through!
4	The Phoenix Art Museum is a great way to spend an afternoon! I visited during their free hours (usually $15 for adults)  on Wednesday after 3pm. I LOVE contemporary pieces so that's the area I gravitated towards first, but all the other exhibits were wonderful too! The modern art areas covered portions of all 3 floors. However, it seemed a little sparse, considering the amount of space it took up in the museum. Maybe I'm just greedy for more!! No matter... I'll be back :)-- check out the Firefly exhibit, coolest thing ever!!
5	A surprisingly classy and well-stocked collection. Props!
5	I had to journey to the Phoenix Art Museum for a class project and I was going to put it off until a Friday evening but then I came across something on their website that caught my eye. Apparently on Wednesdays from 300pm-900pm the museum has no admission for students, Im not sure if its only for students or if its for everyone but once I saw that I made a trip of it. The museum is totally worth the admission fee (I learned after my voyage) but everyone likes to save money when they can :) The exhibits are well put together and I was very surprised by the collection. The Museum employees were so very nice and of course, very knowledgable of the museum and its contents.All in all it was a wonderful evening, I spent two and a half hours with my girlfriend and we absolutely loved it. I will try and visit the museum more, next I would like to see The Heard Museum... up the street.
4	I have always loved the Phoenix art museum and remember seeing many exhibits there on class field trips! I guess I'm a grown up now, but I still like to go when they put something new up. Right now the front hallway is covered in black paper butterflies, which is so cool! I also still love going into the room with all the twinkling lights and pretending I'm in space (If you ask the museum staff for the twinkling light room they will know what you're talking about!). The art museum was a fun part of my childhood and is still an interesting place to be.The best times to go are Wednesday nights, when the museum is free, and First Fridays, when the art museum comes to life with the art walk population!
5	It's not the largest art museum I've been to, but definitely one of the best. They constantly have new exhibits and there is a diverse offering of art to view.
3	The museum is medium sized.  You can get through the museum in 2-2.5 hours if you go at a moderate pace.  The Phoenix Art Museum is free every Wednesday after 3pm and every first Friday of the month. That being said, I normally don't like complaining about anything that is free but I felt like I was constantly being scolded while I was here.  I was told when I entered, that cameras were allowed.  However, every time I went to take a picture of something, a security guard came up and told me I wasn't allowed.  Only some art has signs next to them that say no photos.  I made sure not to take photos of those ones specifically but I still got yelled at for taking photos of those without signs anyway.  I was also told several times that I was getting too close to some sculptures, even though there was no wire around it.  The museum houses a variety of work but I was not too impressed by any of it.  I only saw 3 pieces of art with recognizable artist names.  I took art history for 4 years in college, I know many names too, not just the big ones like Picasso and Monet.  I'm not saying art is only good if the artist is well known, but I would expect more familiar names. Anyway,  it was free and that made me happy in the end. It would have been more enjoyable if I didn't bring along my camera that was tempting me to take photos. Maybe next time, I'll leave it at home.So beware of the photo nazis at the museum!
5	I visited the Phoenix Art Museum for the first time on a Wednesday when admission is waived for a voluntary contribution during the hours of 3-9PM.  The free admission seems popular and the museum was a abuzz with a lively crowd of all ages.I spent a leisurely four hours and discovered many entirely unexpected surprises and a few new favorites.  The Modern, Contemporary, American, and Southwestern galleries appeared to have the most extensive collections, while the Asian collection is the smallest.  The entire museum is a pleasant and comfortable space to spend some time, especially during the hot season. The Modern collection offers work from Marsden Hartley, Diego Rivera, William Zorach, Joseph Stella, Pablo Picasso, Andy Warhol, Frida Kahlo, Willem DeKooning, and Peter Wegner.The Southwestern collection offers a full wall of ten of George Catlin's pencil sketches of Native Americans from 1855;  John Sloan's  "Palace of the Governors" (1919) and "A Road to Santa Fe" (1924); Georgia O'Keefe's miniatures, "White Rose" and "The Green Apple" (1920), and the larger "Canyon Country" (1965);  Willard Nash's "Santa Fe Landscape" (1925);  Ernest Blumenshein's "Fishing on Eagle Nest Lake" (1931);  Howard Terpning's "Offerings to the Little People" (1998);  Peter Hurd's "Portrait of Nito" (1961) and "Polo Game"; and other representative works by Henry Cheever Pratt, Nicolai Fechin, Lew Davis, Maynard Dixon, and Paul Pletka.Passing through the European collection one will be surprised to find Claude Monet's "Flowering Arches, Giverny", as well as Auguste Rodin's sculptures, "The Kiss" (1880) and "Jean D'Aire" (1904), and Andrea Della Robbia's bust sculpture, "An Aged Apostle" (1490).  Two notable Western sculptures are Frederic Remington's "Mountain Man" (1903), George Phippen's "Roy Wayland" (1965),    The top floor of the museum's South Wing is home to a few exceptional experiential art installations that must not be missed.As the elevator doors open on this level, immediately before you is a mesmerizing digital projection installation by Jennifer Steinkamp titled, "Mike Kelley 13".  Entirely digitally designed, her work is that of a tree with limber, flexible branches endlessly shifting and dancing in the wind, captivating the viewer into a trance of peace and wonder.  Over the course of nine minutes the tree further transitions through the seasons.  Chairs have been thoughtfully provided on the side to allow one to fully surrender to this soothing experience.Just around the corner is the breathtaking installation by Cornelia Parker, titled "Mass (Colder Darker Matter)", which is composed of charred chunks of wood in varying sizes suspended from the ceiling on filament, forming a large three dimensional spatial cube.  The charred wood used here was salvaged from a burned church in Texas ignited by a lightning strike.  This installation is fully open on one side to the gallery but provides the best viewing experience and highest contrast when viewed through the portal on the side.  Before coming to Phoenix, this work had previously been installed at the Tate Gallery in London, UK. Inside of a 12x15 darkened room with mirrored walls, one finds Yayoi Kusama's installation titled "You Who Are Getting Obliterated in the Dancing Swarm of Fireflies", which is an unforgettable atmospheric and spatial experience.  The installation consists of LED lights suspended on cords from the ceiling.  The LED's slowly cycle through various colors and luminosities and are multiplied into infinity by the mirrored surfaces of the room.  The experience is one of being afloat in the middle of the Milky Way.  You enter the room on one end, move across the dark space, and exit on the other end.  It was very easy to spend some extended time inside the space and really appreciate it, even to sit on the floor.  Others didn't linger inside and merely passed in and right out again, perhaps due to being disoriented by the darkness.          If the Wednesday free admission hours are inconvenient, the museum is also one of the available venues in the CulturePass program offered through the public libraries throughout the Valley.  Depending upon weekly availability at your local library, use your library card to get free admission for two through CulturePass.
4	My kids enjoy coming here. I came here and was super excited to see that they had an exhibit called the art of video games. This was an awesome experience taking the kids down the history of video games starting from Atari and Commodore 64 machines to today's PS3 and Xbox 360 while fully explaining and appreciating every gaming console inbetween. My kids looked bored with my take on the history of video games but I really enjoyed it and it gave my kids an idea of what games we played and what they looked like. Ha! really got them interested comparing 8 bit Mario bros to minecraft.  Other cool attractions include the firefly room and the four seasons tree plus all the wonderful art exhibits.
4	This was my first time here. I am not a big art person. I appreciate it but standing for hours looking at one thing just not into it. Of course I do have ADD so it is possible for me to stair at the weirdest things for a while. I was here for a special reception for their new exhibit The Art of Video Games. So I didn't get to see the entire museum just this one section.The reception was for members, Mom is a member, and it was really nice. They had two catering tables set up with cheese, crackers, Swedish meatballs, roasted veggies, some sliced up wraps and little cakes. Everything was very good. Cash bar. That was a good idea too. I will say most of the members seemed to be much older people, which is no surprise extra money and lots of time on their hands, but it was funny to see them at a video game exhibit. Hey who would turn down free food and a cash bar.The exhibit itself was very interesting and definitely a trip down memory lane. It was about the evolution of home gaming consoles and computers games. They had four genres they concentrated on and showed how those genres evolved from the very first home console, the good old Atari, all the way through to the Xbox 360 and PS3. It was nice to see my old friend the Commodore 64 there. Many an hour on summer vacation was spent with one of those. It was interesting to see how they tried to bring early arcade games like Pac Man to the home console but had to make a lot of compromises to make it work and it was Pac Man but it just looked horrible but hey it was the first try so you have to give them a little bit of a break. I also didn't know that Doom II was the first "online" multiplayer game. Lots of interesting facts and also cool to see how games evolved. The curator of the exhibit was also there wandering around talking to people and explaining things. That added a lot to it.If you are a fan of video games you should go down and check it out. It is free on Wednesday and they are open until 9pm that day. I am glad my Mom took me to this. It was quite the experience. It even had my Mom wanting to play video games. This from the woman who hated them when I was growing up. Would much rather have us spend hours reading a book then glued to a computer screen. Being a school librarian didn't help either. Who once ripped the power cord out of the wall to get us to stop playing. So it must be a good exhibit if it got her excited about video games.Also check out the gift shop they have some great video game related gifts. The exhibit is only there until the end of September so don't miss out.Maybe some time I will go back to check out the rest of the museum. We will see.
4	I've been to a number of art museums in my lifetime, but the Phoenix Art Museum was pleasantly different from the norm.We went for the Video Game exhibit, which I enjoyed immensely. I saw some parts of the rest of the museum, but mainly stuck to the exhibit.My only gripes are that the bathrooms were a bit confusing to locate (I didn't have a map), the wandering staff wasn't terribly helpful (couldn't tell me where the bathrooms were), and that the gift store didn't have a good selection of magnets (I collect them).
3	'Twas my first time visiting this museum - and before I get into anything else, let me say that the art was definitely impressive.  Now, that's out of the way.  Let's talk about the rest of the experience.  Remember when you'd go into an antique store - or a fancy place when you were a child?  And someone would follow you around whilst leering - making sure you weren't going to destroy anything - or ruin expensive pieces?  THAT is how we felt for close to two hours as we wandered the various exhibits.  Was that necessary?  I don't think so.  I was told no less than four times that I wasn't allowed to take pictures of certain pieces because "they didn't have the rights to it" when there were no signs explaining so.  Even in the gift shop, surrounded by children, we were followed and judged unneccessarily.  I'm a big guy, with an even bigger personality - but that doesn't mean I should be treated like a twelve year old with a can of spray paint.  Truth is, it only makes me want to misbehave.At one point, Angie pointed something out that was in a glass case, and out of nowhere a lady swooped in and basically slapped her hand and stated, "uhh, it's REALLY tough for us to get fingerprints off of these glass cases - so if you could NOT touch anything, we'd appreciate it".In other words, I felt like I was stuck in a cubicle being Lumbergh'ed - on a SUNDAY no less?!?  No thank you.  I will not be back, nor can I recommend the experience for anyone unless they're a mute amputee.  Side note - the art of video games exhibit was underwhelming.  The displays were fun, but if you're going to have examples of the various consoles throughout the years, why in the world would you not have each of them set up with the ability to play?  There was an Atari w/ Pac Man and a classic NES w/ Super Mario Bros. set up - but hundreds of people and only two screens.
4	I've been to the art museum on a few occasions now since living in Phoenix for 2years.  The standard exhibits that they've had this entire time are definitely nice even seeing them multiple times I've enjoyed them. I've seen 'special' exhibits a few times now. A few photography exhibits, the video game exhibit, even the fashion exhibit. Sometimes I pay... sometimes I remember its free on certain days.  That has never swayed my enjoyment of the museum.  I've never been harassed for taking the few photos that I have.. although admittedly I'm not a big photographer for art I can revisit and enjoy in person.  Well worth a visit.
3	Went to check out the Video Games exhibit and was a bit disappointed. I thought it would cover more of the artwork that went into game design and that was a very small part of it. The rest of the museum was great though, the upper levels were my favorite. The people working there seemed a bit freaky though, following closely behind-almost scary.  I will go back to check out other exhibits though. They do have a kid area but I would be nervous bringing my 3 year old around the rest of the museum.
5	I LOVE the Phoenix Art museum! The PAM holds it's own when stacked against other museums I've visited in major metropolitan cities in the US and even rivals those I've enjoyed in England. Their exhibits are impressive, their collections are diverse and varied, and their hours and prices are reasonable. I am especially impressed with their Renaissance collection which I canNOT get enough of! PAM is free on Wednesdays and first Fridays... how awesome is THAT? Even on these "suggested donation" days, the museum is still peaceful and hospitable. If you haven't been there before I recommend going when it's free to get your first taste!The museum is medium in size- which I enjoy. It's small enough that you can get familiar with the works after a few visits, but large enough that you never feel crowded or bored. Their rotating exhibits are always compelling and they are thoughtful about engaging various audiences with their selections. I am so proud of this museum. Let's be honest.... Phoenix doesn't always deliver when it comes to cultural experiences so I was full of joy when I discovered this gem!Enjoy!Kelley
4	Had the beet salad with goat cheese. Perfection. Great little restaurant, nice ambience, good service.
4	I fully support the arts but I appreciate even more the nights and events that get you in for free! It's not a very large museum. Some of the exhibits can seem pretty boring, but take some time to read about the piece and/or artist to get a better understanding of what you are looking at.
5	Love this place! Came on a Tuesday night, so it was free admission but I would definitely pay during my second visit. It's a fairly large museum; there's lots to explore so give yourself more than two hours to do so. Be aware that you can take pictures of some exhibitions and not others so be on the lookout for any signs. Overall, I would go again and I would recommend it to other people as well. I am by no means a museum junkie, but I still loved every second of my visit. Check it out!
4	This was our first visit to the Phoenix Art Museum and it did not disappoint.  We went as part of an alumni event, so we didn't arrive until around 6 p.m., meaning we didn't have time to cover the entirety of the museum's offerings, which really just means that we can go back and enjoy new things next go around.The array of exhibits was nicely done, and the layout was interesting also as you travel from large rooms with only a few large sized pieces into smaller rooms that have a plethora of exhibits.  The miniature room is definitely a "do-not-miss" portion.
4	This is a fine museum with a good inventory of classic and modern art and a decent succession of featured exhibits. The building itself is large without being overwhelming and is contemporary in design. It has a spacious function hall as well as a beautifully maintained courtyard/sculpture garden suitable for a variety of events, including my favorite recurring one - Art Night Out. And I really appreciate the fact that those of us on a limited budget can avail of the museum's exhibits for free on Wednesday evenings and during the monthly First Friday art walk.
5	Love this place - it was great!  We didn't get to everything, and we can't wait to go back and see the rest.  The rooms were just as interesting as the pieces.  Some rooms were enormous and had only a few large pieces on exhibit in it, while others were smaller rooms and had TONS of pieces in them - ex. the Miniature Exhibit (so neat).  We went for an alumni function so we didn't get there until 6:00 p.m. so we didn't get to parts of the East Wing of the museum.  Definitely need to get back there and check out the rest. Be sure to hit up the basement room for some bizarre pieces with a very interesting take on Japanese animation and culture.Overall: AHere's hoping they change out the exhibits regularly so we have excuses to go back regularly!
5	An excellent museum that has something of real interest for everyone. I'm not a big fan of experimental art but there were pieces and installations that were really cool and command your attention whilst the Chinese and Japanese rooms are well put together and very interesting.  You could be there for most of the day if you want- I was there for two hours and probably only managed to look at 50% of the rooms in any real depth. For a city that supposedly 'lacks culture', PAM is as good a place to spend an afternoon as anywhere in New York and so on.
5	The docent that took me on a tour was FANTASTIC! She was friendly and very knowledgable. She showed a handful of prices that she chose to tell a story with. I want to go on another tour with her, I know the possibilities are endless as to what they could show us.
5	Family and I decided to have a day at the museum. Phoenix Art museum was a fun choice. It has two levels. It needs more signs inside and a sign showing the main entrance for the actual museum instead of the theater. Loved the modern art section, the star room was my family favorite.
5	Loved it wish we had more time.
4	Phoenix Art Museum was wonderful. We only had an hour or two so did the contemporary half of the museum, but saw a lot of very interesting art. People are waiting hours in the cold to spend 45 seconds in her exhibit in New York, so I was delighted to be able to just walk into Yayoi Kusama's "You Who Are Getting Obliterated in the Dancing Swarm of Fireflies" and spend as much time in there as I liked. Such a simple idea, but a unique and exciting experience.Also, you wouldn't think it could be that interesting, but the exhibit with all of Madeleine Albright's pins was fascinating! She had such a variety and I didn't know they were so meaningful.I liked the layout of the museum space, it was modern, open, and interesting... unlike some older museums with more boring and repetitively laid out rooms. Someone was having a wedding in the Great Hall surrounded by modern paintings and taking pictures in the sculpture garden.Only dislike was that they don't allow you to bring water bottles in. There's a bin in the locker room for people to leave their water bottles, but when I came back out, my plastic bottle of Dasani (not worth stealing!) was gone...
5	Gorgeous building and grounds! This was the perfect stop during our layover in Phoenix. The exhibitions and permanent collections were surprisingly expansive. There was a nice collection of modern and contemporary art - it wasn't just southwestern art. The work was beautifully displayed and viewed from different levels (open staircases and overlooks). The textiles/fashion collection was a nice component of the collection. I really loved finding "hidden" artwork like the digital display of the man and woman walking - great use of an exterior space with a nice view from the inside of the museum or from the street. I would love to come back and see other pieces.
4	Museums are always a great reminder of how art has transformed culture and how culture is being transformed through art. Though there weren't too much to look at the day I went, the museum offered enough to spend a good 2 hours at. Also saw that a wedding was being put on before leaving as well.
5	A great place for an adventure with art. We don't get too many rainy days in the valley of the sun but I would head here when it does.
5	I can find absolutely nothing at this museum that isn't top notch! I used to work for museums in a past life doing research and exhibit design. I am now an extremely "picky" proofreader and almost always find typos & snafus in everything I read and see . . . but I have never found one tiny period out of place, or one exhibit that I felt could have been done with more gusto. So far, I have to admit, the Phoenix Art Museum is as close to perfect as an institution can be. (Geez, did I really say that????) But, it is true. No complaints and I enjoy going over and over . . . it is never boring and there is always something new to see. It is worth every penny to become a member of the Phoenix Art Museum.
5	An excellent art museum: it's full of impressive art, it's beautiful, and it's vast.  Who could ask for anything more?  Coming from Philadelphia, I foolishly assumed that an Arizona art museum wouldn't have anything that exciting to offer - and that snobbery cost me years of enjoying the extensive permanent collection at this museum.  Since I realized what I was missing, I've seen some wonderful exhibits here, including some phenomenal Japanese anime art, a fantastic and extensive exhibit on video games (think pre-Atari through today), some incredible photography, and more.  There are breathtaking pieces throughout.  For something a little out of the ordinary, check out the Thorne Rooms, a collection of diorama-like miniature rooms.  A lot of the furniture, rugs, etc. were commissioned from the same craftsmen that made the luxurious large ones.  My husband and I became members because it's that amazing!  There are wonderful benefits, like seeing the exhibits early, discounts, etc.
2	After reading so much about this museum, I was really excited to finally visit the museum and view the exhibit.  The building is impressive and full of interesting art.Unfortunately, I felt extremely uncomfortable during my stay.  The staff watch you like a hawk and monitor every move you make.  They walk around making sure you do not touch anything and give you glaring looks if you even think about getting too close to a painting or sculpture.  I asked one of the staff if there was a problem and they didn't respond.I do not recommend bringing kids to this museum otherwise they will face the wrath of museum staff.
5	My happy place, and one of the best parts of Phoenix. I have an annual membership because I come here so frequently. PAM gets big draws for national exhibits and has some remarkable names in possession. We truly have a world class art museum, here, folks!!!  Go. You'll be happier than Pharrell in the moments before he lost the Oscar. Go! Go!
5	I love this museum! Lots to see. The first time I visited was during First Friday and I didn't think it would take long for us to see everything, but it did. I've seen the video games exhibit and hope to see more in the future. Fun for all ages.
5	This is an awesome art museum.My wife and I enjoy this place so much, we bought the family membership.  We really like to come here on date night after dinner, see and exhibit or two and then leave.While their permanent collection is fantastic, I'm especially impressed with how many new exhibits come here.The Madeleine Albright exhibit is incredible.  We really enjoy how much time and effort they put into the plaques and descriptions for all of the pins.At the end of last year they had an excellent "cloak" exhibit.We are very excited to see the "Hollywood Costumes" exhibit next week.
5	Don't miss the Hollywood Costumes exhibit. allow two & a half hours! AND eat in the restaurant .. . excellent food and well worth the price!!!
5	Just love!! One of Phoenix Arizona's gems! Saw the new Hollywood exhibit and it was SO FUN and extensive!  Madeline Albright pin collection is still there and...I just love this museum.  Last night, with that costume exhibit...made me seriously consider membership!
4	This place is HUGE!  It was so much fun to go to the Hollywood costumes event.  It was nice, big, and informative.  Lots of bling, lights, and costumes.  Loved the behind the scenes why and how the costumes were picked.  We finished the event and was allowed to wander around the rest of the place.  After 2 hours here, I don't think we saw everything.....
5	I visited after 3:00pm on Wednesday and was pleasantly surprised to find that admission was free at that time. I spent a few hours lounging around, there was a t o n to see and was well worth the visit!
4	Saw that the Phoenix Art Museum is open late on Wednesdays, so I swung by a few weeks ago after a conference. What I didn't realize is that admission is also free on Wednesdays from 3:00-9:00 pm. Pleasant surprise!I did pay the special discounted rate of $5 to see the current "Lifelike" exhibition. I really enjoyed it - fun play on the eyes and mind to see artwork that so authentically mimics everyday objects. Only wish the exhibition was larger.This museum is way bigger than I expected and I did not make my way to all of the exhibitions. Two of my favorites are the Asian and Contemporary collections.Helpful staff and I encountered a very friendly docent who recommended one of her favorite exhibits in "Lifelike."
5	I love this museum. Runs efficiently. Friendly staff. Always has a great exhibit. I've been to the Lifelike 3 times and the Hollywood twice. Don't miss these!!
5	We went for the Hollywood costume exhibit. It was great. We also got to see the Albright pin exhibit as well as the Oscar dress exhibit. A great facility. We'll have to go back and visit the galleries. Woth the trip to Phoenix.
1	A nice museum, an interesting Hollywood themed exhibit, and a pleasant first ever art museum visit with a group of young adults -- all ruined by an exhibit attendant drunk with the power of his polo shirt and name tag. The obnoxious prick who was working on the third floor of the south building today should find something else to do. Cultivating art appreciation is not his forte, nor is working with the public. Thanks for permanently turning off my 17-24 year olds from art by confirming the stereotype of "art museum" as a snooty and uninviting place where they do not belong and are not welcome.
5	I. LOVE. THIS. PLACE. I'd been going to a lot of smaller museums so to walk into this gigantic vault of history and beauty was so overwhelming I almost needed to sit down. This is one beautiful museum. The way they have everything curated is perfectly perfect. It's not all artists or all sculptors together, but they blend with one another depending on the period. And it is visually stunning. I love being surprised by seeing an artist I love mixed in with everything. It's like a present! Then to walk along and see something so familiar, but not know where it was or how it came to be there is one of my favorite things ever. I wish I could name everything I loved about this museum, but I don't have the time or the words. Just visit, you'll be so glad you did.
4	I came here to see the Hollywood Costume exhibit that I purchased a Groupon for. There was quite a long line to get our tickets & the lady at the door was very unfriendly.  But it was all okay because once we got in we went straight to the exhibit and we were really impressed.  I loved reading about the costume designers & their thoughts for designing the different outfits.  It took a bit to get through it all since some people were going VERRRRY slowly through the exhibit & others would just cut in front of you as you are reading. We also enjoyed all the cute items they had in the gift shop.  We wanted to stay & check out the rest of the museum but we were pretty short on time.   We will be back soon to look at the other areas.
2	This was, unfortunately, a disappointment.I think the key to art museums is that they don't have to have super famous works of art, but they should carry pieces that have significance. I realize this can be very subjective, but I've found amazing experiences and hidden gems in places like Kansas City and St. Louis. I was surprised by the Phoenix Art Museum.The price is a bit high for admission, but I really like that they allow you to apply your funds for one visit to a membership if you'd like. It's big, clean, and well staffed, but parking can be an issue.The pieces of work... hm. I think part of the issue is that Arizona is a relatively new state, and the art museum is just over 50 years old. My impression is that this art museum has not had the time to collect varied, interesting pieces to exhibit. I did also find the Asian art section small and disappointing.That being said, I thought the Phillip C. Curtis exhibit was wonderful. He was a local artist from Arizona and his work is really interesting, especially the commentary on social class in Arizona and the town of Jerome. I think I spent most of my time looking at his work. This is definitely the highlight of the museum.I really hope with more time that the Phoenix Art Museum will grow, but as of now, I think one visit was enough for me.
3	My rating should be 2.5 stars.First, I just want to say that I really appreciate the Hollywood Costume exhibit being brought here. A lot of the display was impressive and fun. The animated screens and sketches were especially informative and well designed. I loved how the exhibit covered the long history of cinema up to more recent films. The red carpet gowns were nice to see as well.Unfortunately, the flow of the exhibit was terrible. I wish it was not so crowded because the design of the layout really warranted taking time to look at and read everything as well as watch the accompanying videos. It was too easy for people to cross cut around those of us who had been waiting in line behind wheel chairs and other slow movers. The flow of the exhibit should have been better indicated with signs and limited with cordons. It also might have moved faster if the videos and longer reading bits were set aside with chairs.One small annoyance was that after I had gotten through the entire exhibit and moved on to other areas of the museum, I was then told that my purse (it is a small backpack) was prohibited. I was told that I should have checked it up front. I was NOT told at the front desk when did I not see the sign telling me that all backpacks were not allowed on backs. I was told to hang it on one arm if I didn't want to get reprimanded further. Other museums with this policy are much more polite about it UP FRONT. I try to comply with policies but I resent being treated the same as flailing gaggle of students with giant school backpacks with stuff dangling off of them.
5	At the moment I am very convinced of the merit of this establishment.  While I did not yet get to explore it in its entirety, I did get to see a fair share of their collection.  Not only is the building beautiful (I love the open foyers, the hard, straight walls along with the more narrow, intimate spaces.  Plus, I'm a sucker for concrete), but they have a varied collection.  I'm not a connoisseur, but I do enjoy a mix of contemporary, modern, classical etc. art, with influences from around the world.  I felt they provided in this aspect.  And the Hollywood costume collection (though a temporary feature) was awesome.  Granted, I had no expectations -- so maybe that was the key ;)Beyond this, I really appreciated how helpful they were to me.  Let me explain.  I brought my bike to the museum (it's mostly how I get around) and then realized I had left my keys for my lock at my place...now, I'm not about to leave my baby untethered and ready for the taking.  So, not knowing what else to do, I approached the ticket desk, who directed me to the security rep.  They in turn found a place for me to store my bike in their receiving area!  This is thoroughly above and beyond.   Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my bike ye have done it unto me (is that blasphemous?).  Take care of my bike and you've got a friend/fan in me!I'll be back PHXArt.
4	If you're in Phoenix and are a fan of modern and contemporary art, you would probably enjoy a visit to this museum. The collection is especially strong in these areas.  I don't know if I'd fork out the admission price based on the rest of the collection, but the museum is open late on Wednesday nights and admission is free from 3-9, so that's a good way to check it out.I really felt that the contemporary art collection had the best pieces. I really loved the Josiah McElheny  (The Last Scattering Surface) in the entrance and the Anish Kapoor  sculpture (Upside Down Inside Out). You know Kapoor as the artist responsible for Chicago's "bean" (Cloudgate) and this work is obviously along the same vein. One of the newer items in the collection is a James Turrell that has a prominent spot on the ground floor. And they have an amazing Kusama installation that should not be missed. There are also a few paintings that I really enjoyed - Georgia O'Keefe - Pink Abstraction, Joseph Stella - Flowers, Italy, Frida Kahlo - The Suicide of Dorothy Hale. I especially loved the Kahlo and how the painting spills onto the frame.The museum gift shop had a lot of unique items (especially for kids and jewelry), so be sure to factor that into your visit.
5	Loved my visit here. I think it was my second or third time. Loved whoever curates the shows because I enjoyed everything! They had just torn down their Hollywood exhibit and that's find with me because I'm from LA. I recommend that you go into the Yoyoi Kusuma room/exhibit. I LOVE that room! Kusuma loves dots and paints dots and makes dot art. She was a contemporary of Warhol and has lived at the Seiwa Hospital for the Mentally Ill in Japan since 1973. Crazy, huh? Seriously, she must have an art studio at the mental hospital because she's still making some serious art. A can't miss!
5	I have been a member of the Phoenix Art Museum for five years.  I stop in for ten minutes sometimes, just to go in and take a friend to "the light room!"  If you don't know what I am talking about, THEN YOU NEED TO VISIT THE PHOENIX ART MUSEUM.  Seriously, a smaller version of the exhibit went on display in NYC, and there were lines around the block.  We, in Phoenix, have it here ALL the time, it is a permanent exhibit.Anyway, the museum is the largest art museum in the Southwest, the facility is gorgeous, and the staff very helpful and nice.  I find the changing exhibits to be mostly good.  They went all out recently with the hollywood exhibit.  I went twice, and loved it, but I am a big movie guy.The restaurant has a full bar, which makes for a nice sunday with a bloody mary brunch and art exhibit!If you are on a budget, I am pretty sure the museum is open for free on first Friday's!!!Enjoy,D
4	The exhibits were pretty cool, especially the special exhibit on Antonio Berni and the fictional characters that he created named Juanito and Ramona. Overall the museum has interesting exhibits, and the staff and volunteers are nice and helpful.
5	I came here last year to check out their video game exhibit.  2013, it was a summer event and they had different things going on daily.  It was definitely an experience and it's great to see downtown changing it up a bit (for the better I think).  When I went to the museum it was great they had the exhibits and  their daily art and most of it was beautiful.   It's funny because the building looks small on the outside but once we got in there it was tall and huge.  I don't recommend high heels for you will be walking quite a bit.   On that day they happen to be having a gamer convention, showing all the new and old systems and schools, and contests.  It was pretty neat.   I would definitely go back for another event or maybe to relax and check it out for the weekend.
4	This was a very good experience!  Had lots of time to look around all the interesting art around. My favorite is probably the dark matter sculpture....you just get lost in the details. It will take you a good 2-3 hours to go through.
3	We went for the Kid's Day.  We were a little disappointed at what was actually there for kids.  It's a nice museum though.  Didn't get to see all of it but if I could ever come alone, I'd definitely like to spend the day there checking out the art.
3	Apart from photography, I'm a fan of the arts and facts. So, I'm glad I had a chance to visit the Phoenix Art Museum after 3 years of spending my new life here in Arizona. The place is good, there's also lots of art collections that you'll love too.
4	Excellent. Large collection. Well displayed.
5	Free parking, Wednesdays 3-9pm free admission, what a great way to spend an afternoon! I was quite impressed that they have such an impressive and diverse collection.
5	I was really impressed with the Phoenix Art Museum. I went there with Google and we had a private tourguide, a retired fireman who was very knowledgeable. The museum is filled with old fire engines and memorabilia from the olden days. We've come a long way in fire fighting technology. This is a great place to take pictures and you can even try on a firefighter outfit, helmet and all.
5	I visited the Center without any expectation except that its gardens and the view would be marvelous. Indeed, both were. I was however really impressed with the generosity and warmness of the volunteers; the activities they had in store for the kids and of course the art collection they had. I was quite blown away with how impressive the collection was considering that we did not have to pay for anything except the parking fees. Information regarding the collection was readily available with the free audio guides. The food options were also enticing. Must see!
5	I have often driven in/around this part of town, but had no idea of this gem!The garden tour was fantastic and our guide was very knowledgeable. The linear nature of Richard Meier (architect) buildings and garden was very interesting. The art collection/exhibitions were well-thought out. I specifically enjoyed the Scandalous art of James Ensor and the Center for Photography.
5	so many beautiful things to see even if you don't know anything about art. very interesting, and so many different types of art, there should be something for everyone to enjoy.
5	Get here early OR after about 2:00 - at least for us, parking was challenging and we waited for the tram which takes you to the top of the mountain to the entrance (more or less THE way to enter the museum). We were fortunate enough to see Mural by Jackson Pollack and it was amazing. We loved reading about how the piece was currated and conserved, so interesting and after looking at the actual piece, reading the background/history, we needed to stand and look again! The outdoor spaces to Phoenix Art Museum are just breathtaking - the brochures mention "framed views" and you really do appreciate how at every turn, your perspective is different, the view different, your impressions different. I loved just being around the buildings and gardens. This is a very special place and if you are in AZ., you really need to experience  Phoenix Art Museum.
5	We only had the time to take the Garden tour , but what a treat it was. The architecture of the buildings and the landscaping is phenomenon. And the art work was beautiful. I wish I had time to take other tours as well to learn more. It is a nice place to picnic as well. We used their restaurant and that was pretty good as well. I strongly recommend it. I will see their other place in Malibu next time.
5	This place is definitely one of the jewels in AZ  crown. You get to see awesome art in a gorgeous setting and equally gorgeous views of AZ from the hilltop. There's also a great restaurant that would be a destination in and of itself even if it wasn't on the property. It may take more than one day to see everything properly, especially if your feet wear out but it's worth it.
4	and would return in a heartbeat. Architecture matters, and for us was the high light of our visit, both the buildings and the landscape architecture are what really captivated us. The art work is world class, and normally would be exhausting to view, but not so here, where each floor is broken up with an outside deck view of LA. And if that is not enough, the Restuarants, and even the cart food, is more than passable. Plan on a full day, anything less will leave you wanting more. If you have more time, add the Getty Villa in Malibu which you can see and park for free, on the same day.
5	Every time we g to AZ, Phoenix Art Museum is on our list of things to go and see. The changing exhibits are wonderful. And, the price is right -- you only pay a nominal fee for parking.
5	We met up with 25 people for a morning at Phoenix Art Museum. It was the first time for most of us, and the entry was a little confusing as to how to find the tour. The one hour overview tour took us to several paintings to hold a discussion, the guide was quite knowledgeable. One of our headsets did not work well and there was no way to get another as this property is huge, and we would have missed most of the tour. The cafeteria food was fresh and well prepared, but very spendy in my opinion. I will travel back and spend more time there, as well as the architectural tour that we missed. The place is huge and beautifully laid out to see the views of surrounding vineyard and Phoenix and the coastline.
5	The tram to the top of the hill where the museum is located was great. You could see downtown Phoenix when you looked down the hill. The museum, itself, is a series of buildings with walkways connecting them. We went on a day that there was free parking, which made the visit even more exciting. The artwork, sculptures, gardens and catus were outstanding. There are places where you can just set and enjoy the outside and wonder through the gardens. Plan on spending the majority of an afternoon at the museum, then plan on going back to see more. It was one of my favorite places to visit.
4	This is a do not miss experience. The museum, the architecture, the setting, the view the tram are part of great experience.
4	While the Phoenix Art Museum Center is worthy of a multi-day visit, even a three hour visit can be really fun and informative.
4	Irises awesome Manet Monet Turner Fox Talbot Hepworth and Moore but saw the Canterbury Cathedral windows and St Albans bible both being restored. And would never have seen. Designed like a sixties cult HQ but will be back!
4	Been to AZ and Chicago museums so I was not expecting a lot. Boy! Did not realize we were in for a treat. Wished we even had more time. It is one of the best located museums. The short tram ride gives you a glimpse of Bel Air. The crisp surroundings make you think you are in one of the movie settings. The exhibits were enjoyable. My teen and young kid both appreciated the displays. We were visiting with relatives from out of state and I was glad I brought them to the right venue. I can't believe we just visited this place this year. It was time to do it.
5	My husband and I spent the day at Phoenix Art Museum and had a wonderful time. Parking ($15) is at the bottom of a hill and you ride a tram to the top of the mountain. The building and grounds are amazing! The art inside is alright. Nice but does not rival anything in Europe. One exception would be Van Gogh's Irises. The garden areas are beautiful! We went to a deli in Santa Monica and grabbed lunch and then ate it in the garden, something I would recommend everyone doing. The garden and architecture tours were very good and shouldn't be missed. Great day over all!! Would love to go the Phoenix Art Museum Villa based on how much we enjoyed Phoenix Art Museum.
5	I was pleasantly surprised. It's a museum restaurant, but the view was nice, service was great and food was good. We spent the afternoon on the grounds and at dinner at sunset. Food was good, drinks were good & service was excellent
5	This in only my second visit to The Phoenix Art Museum Center and I'm always impressed with the spacious and well kept landscape, the outdoor artwork and the wonderful exhibits inside.
4	the Phoenix Art Museum Center was completed and waited with anticipation until its grand opening. Since then we have visited every year and it never disappoints. Make it a day, don't worry about food, get it there. Don't try to see everything at one time, that is, if you live in AZ . When we return, we alway feel likes its brand new.
