5	I love this place. The service is great and the food is fantastic. The staff are always friendly and helpful. I always tell my friends about this place.
4	Good prices, good fast food Chinese, and good Boba tea flavors!And they deliver! :)
3	We ordered food from China One about 3 weeks ago and had it delivered. It was delivered to my house within the time specified. We ordered sweet and sour chicken for the kids and shrimp with lobster sauce for the adults. The sweet and sour tasted old, which was really disappointing. The fried rice was delicious, though, as was the shrimp. Even though the chicken was old, I'd be willing to try this restaurant again.
5	Chinese takeout has never tasted better!  This place raises the bar as far as quality, cleanliness and taste.  The kitchen is in complete view from the dining room which is rare for any 'fast food' establishment.  The biggest surprise is the fact that all food is cooked when ordered and my last bite (that I could handle because of the big portion size) was as hot as the first bite which is way more than I can say for other heat lamp restaurants.The staff is great and the lunch specials are a great value.  All in all, this is a game changer in the takeout business and a great find
4	This place is awesome if you can't get to Spring Mountain Rd.  Hot, fresh, tasty the BEST Chinese out this way (and I have tried lots).  The staff are super friendly, the place is CLEAN.  The fish in black bean sauce is my favorite.  Big portions great prices.
4	I absolutely love this place for take out Chinese food. They are quick and very reasonably priced. We usually order the Canton Dinner which includes two soups of our choice, two egg rolls, two crab rangoons, two entrees (there is a list you pick from) and a BBQ fried rice for $23.95. Its a great deal and its only my boyfriend and I, so we will have left overs for almost 3 days. They also have good priced lunch specials, I would say the only thing I dont like is they dont have separate dinner specials besides the combo dinners. I encourage everyone to try China One.
3	Good Chinese place been here twice. Love the Orange chicken and the fried rice. Very clean place with great service. Maybe I will change my rating after a couple more visits.
5	Still love this place. They actually make the effort to get to know you and remember your favorite item or what you've been up to.
5	Always delivers a fresh, quality product. I find myself craving the Black Pepper Chicken quite frequently.  Friendly staff and quick service. Love, love, love this place.
4	This place has some of the best Chinese food I've had in a long time. I stopped eating Chinese food, because I couldn't find a good restaurant. The prices are right and the food is delicious. Try the mongolian beef, kung Pao chicken, and the mu shu chicken. I've also had a few dishes that were okay, but not my favorites. There hasn't been a single meal that wasn't at least tasty. This place is super casual and has delivery.
4	Food tasty and served quickly. Place is more designed for takeout, only 6 tables. No real ambiance or decor, but food was some of the better Chinese we've had in NW area of town.
5	Authentic, authentic Authentic!Fresh vegetables, perfect flavors and seasonings.Try the broccoli, cooked to perfection, not overcooked and not raw just right!So do not expect chinese fast food with the wannabe orange chicken and eggrolls.Try the Mongolian beef, just the right amount of hotness.The peppered Chicken is very homey.The Garlic Shrimp scrumptious and flavorful.The price is just right
5	Love this place! Great Kung Pao. Good heat and good flavor. Best chinese in the valley.
4	authentic?  i think not.delicious?  i think yes, and the serving is generous.China One over Panda Express.  The End.
4	I avoided eating at China One for the longest time, mainly because of the name and hokey "Chinese restaurant" font they throw all over the place as if it were a cheap kung fu film. That, and the stigma a lot of awful take-out places have built up inside of me over the years. In need of the real stuff, I gave it a shot. As a result, I left feeling like I was going to die.From being so damn full, that is. Portions are big, hearty, and impressively fresh all-around. The natural flavor of every ingredient demands attention; something I attribute to expert cooking and selection. Also, the meat arrived very, very HOT. Like drinking coffee too soon hot. That extra heat didn't overcook the food, and stuck around long enough to make my final bites far from lukewarm. I appreciate that. Sides are also above the norm, with great soups and Rangoon where you can actually taste the crab. You'd be surprised how rare that is.In a minor strike of sadness, their soda fountain makes drinks taste rubbery and their fortune cookies are bland and brittle. This is the only area where they could learn something from a joint like Panda Express.While admirable, I can't quite declare the food perfect. It lacked that certain something that flawless Chinese food packs. By no means is this an insult to China One. In the area, they can't be beat. It's delicious, quality stuff. Sadly, I've experienced Chinese food nirvana in the past; the kind that spoils your palate forever. If it weren't for this, I'd likely give the place five stars. As it stands, it's merely "outstanding".Located by Smiths, they're hidden away next door in a spot just big enough to hold them. The inside is very clean, quite nice, with a handful of booths to relax and have a meal at. You can go in and order at the register take-out style or sit down for the restaurant experience. A bowl will run around $5, lunch for $6, or the big-enough-for-two dinners around $9. They also feature family combos in the $25 region, which I hope to try soon, as they sound massive.For Chinese, this is the place to go. My loyalty is theirs.
5	I had a similar thought as to one of the posters about not trying this place for a long time.  Having lived in Centennial Hills for three years, we always get their menu that have coupons.  We ordered Mu Shu chicken, chicken chow mein, butterfly shrimp, vegetable egg rolls, fried rice, fried won tons and a teriyaki bowl.  All of this only came to $40 and we had a coupon for a free order or orange chicken on top of that. The portions are so huge that we'll be able to eat this for the next several days.  It's nice to find a neighborhood place that is different than pizzas and subs.  We can easily get the bill down to well under $30 next time since we won't have as many people at dinner and still have lots of leftovers for lunches and dinners.Excuse me while I go take a nap now!
4	The portions are huge and the price is right. Delivery time is within an acceptable time frame too.
3	After moving here from the S.F bay area I had a hard core Chinese food craving but was trying find something close to home. The food was good. A bit crowded. Best for take out.  Mongolia beef was awesome. Chicken wings are yummy. Quality and service was a pleasant surprise.
2	I understand everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but I am completely shocked at all of the positive reviews for China One. There is no doubt in my mind that all the reviews are either A - Basing their score on quantity not quality or B - Family members of the China One owners.I admit it. I actually went to China One over ten times when I first moved to Las Vegas over a year ago. So when you read this mini-review, you can rest assured that this often intoxicated man with a really large appetite for Chinese food knows what he is talking about. The only good things about China One are the amount of food you get for your money and the somewhat enticing coupons they send in the mail. You can get a FREE magnet and pen in store too, but if the place sucks and the ink in the pen only lasts about three seconds, I can't really consider those "good things".As for the food, the beef and chicken entrees are chewy and the sauces are nothing that make you smack your lips twice to. The chow mein was horrible. I'd rather eat the packaging that it came in than that garbage. If you ever want large portions of lackluster Chinese food or an extra bowel movement in the morning, China One is your hole-in-the-wall. Otherwise, I'd run for the hills, not look back, and settle for Panda Express down the road. Did I mention that the ultra generous staff at China One throw in a few fortune cookies that taste like their from 1985 too!? RETRO, DUDE!!
4	Good, fresh, chinese food.  It doesn't taste like it's been sitting around for hours and the veggies are actually crisp.  TONS of food for the price too.  I had leftovers for 2 days!
5	After going there consistently and trying several dishes, I take back everything I said about this place not being perfect. They're amazing, every single time I go. The quality of my week jumps several notches with the inclusion of their wonderful food.
5	I believe this is the best quality and best tasting Chinese food in Las Vegas...  It is clean and I never feel like I have to worry about having sub-par meat... Paper wrapped chicken is great!  Sesame beef is my favorite dish and the chicken fried rice is a hefty portion with giant pieces of chicken.Can't beat China One!
4	Listen, this ain't authentic Chinese cuisine. Very much modified to leverage our western palates.  Nothing wrong with that!Tasty fare.  Fantastic prices.  Good service.  Certainly the best casual Chinese joint in Centennial Hills.  Plus, meaty chicken fried rice!
5	Love this place. Fast, hot and delicious. We don't usually stray far from our go-to items like orange chicken, beef and broccoli, chicken and broccoli, egg drop soup and fried wontons. Try this place, I seriously doubt you'll be disappointed.
4	There was some to little people eating or ordering their food here. It wasn't really busy, and the food prepared was delicious and was made in a timely manner. The staff spoke good English and was great.
4	Chinese eats are never my first pick when I'm hungry, but when I craving my one and only fav' Chinese dish, pan fried noodles, i gotta have it right away. Didn't feel like driving all the way to Spring Mountain, oriental central, so thankfully Yelp helped led the way to this nearby chinese spot. Inside has some nice contemporary furnishings , Walls painted a nice dark grey, really warm and comfy inside. Ordered the pan fried noodles, aka hong kong style chow mein. Noodles perfectly crispy, broccoli/carrots fresh, meat tender not chewy, shrimp plump. My bf ordered Kung pao chicken lunch special comes with delicious egg soup, hot the way soup should be delivered, right? The nice part of it was the wonton strips served with a tasty orange zest sauce. Mmm-m-mmm.. Mm.So the food is good, definitely better than the usual all you can eat, but of course I've had much better at a seafood house or china town. Not bad at all, I'll be back.
5	We love this place. Inexpensive. Huge portions (the husband and I usually share a main course and rice). Fresh, very tasty food. Great service.I've decided to up this from 4 to 5 stars. It's not the BEST or fanciest Chinese restaurant in the world ever, but it IS the best Chinese food for the price and convenience.  It beats the local competition hands down.
3	Not impressed with all the hype, dined for two here she got the pepper steak and I got the orange chicken, we both sported extra $2 for brown rice, we both got drinks to go. I heard all the reviews about how you get a bang for your buck here. I got the bill $36 later.... hmmm could of went to PF Chang's for that price for two.. and we could of had some saki there... haha. The food itself wasn't horrible... the pepper steak lacked that real meat taste... felt like we got a mushy substitute? My dog Cleo like the meat and chicken at home to so she gives it a 4 star.
4	We were lazy one day and decided to get some food here. It looks like a very Americanized menu, but we thought maybe it might be decent white people Chinese. We got one of those family meals and the food it comes with is crazy plenty for around $25. The Won Ton soup was a full sized soup loaded with wonton dumplings, veggies, bbq pork and shrimp and was pretty decent once I threw some seasoning soy and hot mustard in. We got general Tso chicken as one entree and it's not like others I've had. A bit heavy on the breading, but the flavor of the sauce was good and it had sliced jalapenos and pineapple which kinda works. Shrimp in lobster sauce was plentiful, fresh and the sauce was pretty tasty. We chose fried rice which was loaded with chicken, shrimp, bbq pork, peas, carrots and was standard as far as fried rice goes. They have us eggrolls and rangoons and fried wonton strips- all pretty standard. The BF wanted paper wrapped chicken which came with good sized "meatballs" about 8 I think in a order. Pretty tasty juicy little chicken meatballs with a sweet based soy sauce to dip. All the food lasted a few lunches and snacks. Easily could feed 4-6 people.Lunch specials we found to be pretty cheap so we've come in a few times for those. You can get chow mein, but it's very "white people" like and not that good to me so I just opt for all plain rice and it comes with egg drop soup. My favorite so far is the pork with woodear mushrooms in a spicy garlic sauce. It's all fresh made and decent for NW so I would say it's recommended for a fix when you don't want to go far.
5	This place isn't fancy, this place isn't fine dining, but boy is this place GOOD! The portions are HUUUUGE, the food is fresh and tasty, and the service is fast and efficient, even during their busy times. We often get the family meal for about $25.00, and it can quite literally feed 5 - 6 people. My boyfriend usually gets the General Tsao chicken or the Beef with broccoli and I get the green beans with blackbean sauce, but have them add chicken. DELICIOUS and you sure can't beat the prices! And I wish that I could give them an extra star for having chinese almond cookies and jasmine tea. Yum!!
5	The singapore rice noodles are bombay as well as their selection of fresh veggies
5	Love love love this place. Fried rice is very good. Try the spicy pad thai noodles. Listed as Pad Thai shrimp in the attached picture, but it is so much more. It has chicken, shrimp, and is delicious!
4	We were in the mood for some americanized Chinese food so we tried this place for take-out. Bam! Hit the spot.I had the moo goo chicken lunch special. Don't be fooled. The lunch special will be plenty of food. I'm not a small dude, and I was able to have left-overs the next day. It was a healthy dish with no deep-fried madness.  The quality of food was better than I expected. Although we only had take-out, the place appeared very clean and the staff was welcoming and attentive. Only criticism is there could have been more chicken in the dish.I will be back to dine-in foooo shoow.
3	It is your typical fast Chinese food.  Nothing special. Adequate   The portion are ample for sharing but the sodium is always high even when requesting low sodium.  Some how it does not register.  After eating here sometimes you will want to drink a gallon of water.   The last time I ordered the chicken lettuce wraps that I requested low sodium. But within an hour I was drinking water like my life depended on it and I eventually woke up with a massive headache.  Not good. If you want reasonable priced fast Chinese this is a decent selection. If you are looking for quality choose wisely.
1	Horrible service!!!!!  When they make a mistake, they just keep blaming my wife and fighting, instead of fixing it. Also had a hair in my wife's last take out order.
3	Meh.  It's your standard fare Americanized-Chinese food.  When I feel like Chinese and don't feel like driving all the way to Chinatown then I usually go here for the lunch specials.  The portions are ample and it's cheap.  I usually get the Mongolian beef or the chicken with hot garlic sauce.
1	My order was delivered pretty quick instead of the 45 minutes to an hour the lady on the phone told me.  That's about the only plus I can give this place.  Despite the fast delivery they forgot to include my order of orange chicken...so I called back and asked for it to be delivered.  The woman laughed at me when I said I can wait for the delivery person to drop it off, instead of accept store credit.  Panda Express tastes better IMO, and they don't laugh or fight when they make a mistake...
1	Just had to deal with one of my pet peeves: Horrible Customer Service. Felt discriminated when I walked into a restaurant and immediately noticed there was no where I could park my stroller to sit down and eat with Emily; The lady at the counter rushed me to give my order and was very rude. I moved furniture around to sit while I waited and saw that they stored all of the high chairs in a corner with boxes stacked on top of them! And they obviously didn't want us to stay when they made our order to-go! UGH. Why did I even bother?!
2	If you're not in a position to drive to the Spring Mountain Road area, this place is fine.  I've been a regular since they opened this location a few years back.  Earlier on, their food was more consistent and tasty, especially for a suburban Chinese restaurant.  You still get food that's cheap, quickly prepared, and in big portions but in the past 6 months, I've noticed a drop off in the taste and the food is prepared with less care.  I always order 6 or 7 dishes for my family and at least 1 or 2 always come too salty or with ingredients (chow fun noodles) that are not fresh.  I will be trying a different Chinese chain in the Centennial Hills area when I can't get the real thing in Chinatown.
4	My husband and I tried this for the first time a few weeks ago and had to come back! I love the chow mein and rangoons. Soup is a very generous portion! Recommend to anyone looking for yummy Chinese.
1	These people are always rude. The food is good, but only if you can get through order process without feeling humiliated for being Caucasian. I get related better at McDonalds. Just sayin.
4	I've been getting takeout for a bit here now and the overall is good. There are some misses too like with any place with a big menu but if you just want fast made to order  takeout this is the best on in the Centennial area. It's Americanized Chinese, Cantonese food. They're pretty accommodating about various requests too if you're trying to eat a certain way. Also, they deliver if you don't want to leave the house.I figured I'd give a rundown of what I've liked and didn't like. First, the lunch specials are a good deal $6.25 meats - $6.95 for seafood (until 4pm daily). They really stuff the box with a entree and fried or steamed rice or chow mein (or half and half) and you get egg drop soup dining in. A la carte items come stuffed as well and pretty reasonable for most $7-10 for a portion one person will usually have trouble finishing. Eggplant and tofu - probably my favorite thing. I just like their sauce and if you have leftovers the tofu just absorbs more flavor so reheating could even taste better. I know some people don't like the soft, mildly slime factor of eggplant. Then get the tofu and vegetables and replace the brown sauce with the szechuan sauce that normally comes with eggplant and tofu.General Tso- sometimes I just want something Americanized and I like the pineapples and veggies mixed in theirs. It does have the typical fried breading though you can see if you like if with just sliced chicken. This is janky guilty pleasure type stuff and not something I order a lot.Chicken w/ black bean sauce-pretty good, bit more Canto than Americanized out of their offerings. I love black bean anything though. Pork with string beans in black bean sauce. I think I prefer this only slightly, but I love green beans. Shrimp in Lobster Sauce- pretty decent and plump shrimp and they tend to cook it right here, never had a shrimp thing be overcooked or gross.Kung Pao chicken/shrimp - pretty decent here as well, lots of fresh veggies. I order it extra spicy which they add more dried chilies and sliced green peppers in it. I'm also a fan of their House fried rice being LOADED with meats and goodies in it. My big disappointment was their ma po was rather bland and that's normally one of my favorite take-out dishes.  I thought their Honey Walnut Shrimp was too mayo heavy. I didn't like their mongolian beef but I think its the matter of me not being a fan of that style. Their chow mein is too soft/sticky for my taste so I never get it on my lunch combos.
1	I placed a delivery order tonight'' 3/8/13 My food took a hour to get here'' I am ok with that'' But it was cold:{  and I had to call them and tell them my shrimp chop suey was awful the shrimp was rock hard and it tasted old. I did call them and they would not take the item of the bill, they offered me a credit.  I do not want to order again from them''it was just that bad. And when you have worked all day and you do not want to cook - and you pay for a bad dinner'' who wants a credit'' I do not/ REFUND me''' as I could not eat part of my dinner and what I could eat had to go in the microwave. Never Again!
5	Dig the chicken fried rice here.  My fav fast good Chinese here in the NW LV area.  I think I'm hooked on it.
4	I've been going here for about 4 years.  The staff are friendly.  The food comes out hot and very good tasting. I love the Chicken Teriyaki  Bowl.  The luncheon menu is the best deal. Sometimes I would order lunch meals and take them home for dinner, you must order before 4 PM.
5	great food!! It actually reminds me of new york chinese food. They have good delivery times and prices.
1	Food was bland. Ordered chow fun and singapore noodle. The chow fun tasted like old boiled water and Singapore noodles tasted as if they just threw a little cayenne pepper on. Very disappointed with the flavor so called the restaurant to discuss. The woman who I spoke with argued with me, stating that no one in the restaurant had complained about the same food. In order to get the refund I requested, they sent the driver to come back and pick up the food. The worst part was when that the driver brought a plastic bag filled with a partial refund. Apparently, the delivery charge was not going to be refunded. Have been trying to get a hold of a manager for 24 hours with no luck. Will never order from here again!
5	Great food!! Get the egg rolls, they are crispy and yummy!!
1	If I could give 0 stars I would!! This place is beyond horrible! I ordered food for myself and my 4 year old daughter at 6:07pm, and they gave me an estimated time of 30-45 minutes. I have ordered from this place several times in the past and never once have they been in the time frame they tell you at the time of the order. Tonight, 50-55 minutes later I called to get an estimate on delivery as my 4 year old has yet to eat... They tell me 5-10 minutes away and they have already left (mind you I live literally 3 minutes away, 4 if you get stuck at the light). 20 minutes later I had to call and tell them to cancel my whole order and refund my money because they still had not arrived to deliver my food. The lady spoke little to no English, and did not even bother to remedy the situation, or apologize for the situation. The people are rude, and have no mind for the customers.
4	The portion size of the lunch special is very generous. The staff was friendly and the food was out hot and fresh. The sweet and sour pork is some of the best in recent memory. The Crab Rangoon was awesome.
4	I haven't had any issues ever ordering from here. Ive usually been for take out and the food is always hot and fresh. The portions are quite generous. The lunch specials are reasonably priced for the mass amount of food you get. My one disappointment was the salt and pepper pork chops which weren't crispy at all, more of a bread crumb coating instead of the cornstarch coating I've grown to love.
5	Since we've moved here my husband and I eat here all the time.. The good is beyond good. Everything is flavored VERY well and the portions are very good. The customer service is awesome and super friendly. The lunch are dinner special combos are great. My husband and I always get a dinner combo B and it's so much food that he has lunch left overs for at least 2 days (which he loves) I absolutely LOVE the crab ragoons here, they are soo good and actually have filling in them which seems to be a rare occurrence at most Chinese places now for some reason. Not to mention the house rice.. It's literally loaded down with pork, chicken, AND shrimp. This is by fat our favorite place to eat.
2	I actually like China One's food but my family got food poisoning the last time we ate there and we've had it about 4 times. I'm pretty sad about it because they have a good variety of food and portions but me and my husband ordered the fried pork rice and we were sick for 3 days.  I was warned about the place from the girls who worked retail next door but since I had eaten there already I figured it was fine.Just a warning: There have been 6 people including me and my husband who got food poisoning from this place so I'm going to have to look for another chinese restaurant.
3	When our favorite asian food place, WOKS INN closed, we wondered where we would eat.Well these guys make some great food, if you haven't had it get the Wonton Soup because it is excellent.
4	Picked up two small boba and taro smoothies and a Thai iced tea on the way to the game store next door. All three came out to less than $10. Pretty solid.The eatery also offered mango or strawberry smoothies.I didn't try any of the food, but the drinks were good for north Las Vegas.
1	After reading the top reviews, I was excited since we recently moved to this area of Las Vegas.  The best I can say is that the woman on the phone and the delivery man were nice.  It is by far the worst Chinese food we have ever had.  We ordered the combo appetizer.  The only decent item on it was the Crab Rangoon.  We also ordered MooShu Pork and Pork Fried Rice.  We wound up tossing it after trying both.  What a waste of $30.00.  Buyer beware!  I will drive to the section of town where we used to live and take it home from our old Chinese restaurant from now on.  Taking no more chances!
1	I'm picky but fair..... bland and greasy chicken chow mein (my son even spit it out without any influence), not spicy chicken wings and Mongolian Beef.   The beef was spicy but poor quality meat with lots of grissle (flavor was slightly sweet and I don't like sweet).   Sad because it was Chinese New Year,  the patrons abd staff looked happy.  The establishment appeared clean.  Waste of $24.
1	This place has constantly gone down in quality, mainly customer service. I get coupons from this place almost monthly in my mail from this place and EVERY single time I want to use one it had been a hassle to say the least. I have been over charged or charged the wrong items. Tonight took the cake when one of the front desk women thought I didn't pay for my egg rolls with my coupon and attempted to take my egg rolls out out my box after just previously eating herself and licking her fingers!!!! This was after I literally watched my order sit on the counter for 15 mins while all 4 front desk front desk clerks chatted and shared personal interest on there phones. Last time I'll be going here.
5	Very fast service. We came here for lunch and it was pretty busy but we got our food very quickly. The waiter was very polite and checked in on us several times I got strawberry boba and it was very good but I think I'll try mango next time. They also offer taro. They're more like a slushee than a smoothie, though. Food was fresh and delicious. We'll likely return!
3	The food at China One was pretty good, but my Chinese tastebuds are pretty hard to please. The trick was that the place was really busy, but we got to the front of the line so fast we didn't really have time to look at the menu before ordering... so we ordered what we thought were individual plates, but turned out they were a couple of ginormous servings... But again, the food was decent. I might go eat there again.
5	Love this place! They are always very fast, even during the dinner rush. I highly recommend the Singapore noodles! Yuummm! :)
5	LOVE this place!  Previously we had dined at the S. Rainbow location and loved it but recently moved to the Centennial Hills area so the N. Durango location is closest to us now.  Food was excellent and the staff was very friendly! Best Chinese food in Vegas! They are always busy, so that tells you something!  Great food!
1	Probably some of the worst Chinese food I've ever had.  Husband ordered the shrimp in lobster sauce & it was flavorless.  Shrimp was mushy as if they were overcooked.  I ordered chow mein & the noodles were overdone, sticky and the taste was bland as well.  Also ordered chicken fried rice & that was unflavored too.  Everything tasted bad.  We won't be back.  Very disappointed that ordering 3 dishes cost $30.
5	Looks like a normal takeout but doesn't taste like one. We randomly went in the service was quick, food was fresh unlike usual take out places, and the prices were very reasonable. Must try their Taro Bubble Tea.Their eggplant is amazing and so is the Kung Pao chicken! Their food does taste fresh.Highly recommend if you don't want anything fancy but quick and in budget.
5	Best wonton soup here! The foil wrapped chicken was an awesome app. There's always coupons, so check online to see what they are before ordering. I've never had them take the coupon, but you have to tell them which one you're wanting them to apply. Delivery times are accurate and they're worth a 45 min wait for it. Love them.
4	Huge portions, great service and the best Chinese food around. We will be regulars for sure! Four stars only because it is small and not many tables.
1	If you are thinking of having Chinese food delivered, you might want to think twice about ordering from here. We used to order from here regularly but after too many issues with not receiving complete orders, we will find another Chinese food place to give our business! Even after speaking to the manager, it is clear that accuracy and quality control is not valued by this establishment.  Their prices are fair but the food is not so exceptional that it is worth the hassle of receiving incomplete orders 50% of the time. Spend your hard earned money somewhere they can get your order right!
1	I used to go in here quite a bit and thought it was pretty good but hadn't gone for awhile.  I was really disappointed.  My chicken chow mien was the flat noodles and extremely dry and sticky.  They were stuck together in one big clump.  It was nasty.  The pork fried rice was mediocre.  Won't be going back.
4	This is my go to neighborhood Chinese spot. The food is yummy and the prices for lunch can't be beat. Their Chicken in Hot Garlic Sauce lunch special is $6.55 and the portions are plenty big. They never give me a problem when I have my special requests either. They deliver as well! They have boba, with different premixed slushes and the milk tea isn't the worst I've ever had. I also really like the crab rangoons! They usually have an ad they send out in the mail (just in my junk mail pile) with different coupons too, so keep an eye out!Out of all of the Chinese restaurants that deliver to my house, this is my favorite.
1	I took my family to china one to dine and disagree, this isn't authentic at all in fact the food was the worst I have ever experienced, their service is OK although we were one of two families dining. Both my wife and my son had to go to the Doctor the following morning.
4	Is this the best Chinese in town? No, but it is the best anywhere near 95 and Durango. It is well priced, service is always fast and friendly, and food is tasty. The Mongolian beef is better then most, and the kids really like the Mongolian chicken. Have ordered dine in, pick up, and delivery and food and service always consistently good
4	we ordered the general chicken and moo goo chicken.  Both are very delicious.  The service is fast and friendly.  Will come back again.
1	Found a worm when I ordered beef and broccolli. When I showed it to the server and told her that I wanted the pork chops instead, she wanted me to pay extra. I took photo of it. Not going back there anymore.
5	The best chinese in the area. The chow mein is great. The hot and sour soup is to die for. If yiu dont like seafood (like me) you can get the hot and aour soup with only pork which is soooo good. They deliver so fast. They tell you 45 minutes but honestly you have it within 20-30 and it is always hot. I cant say enough about how much i prefer this place to the other chinese in the area. Really dont waste your time somewhere else.
3	It's basically your typical run of the mill Chinese food restaurantn but's better than the other Chinese food restaurant in the neighborhood. Very fast service in store, delivery times vary but they run on the faster side. I would order them if I just wanted to stay near home, but if I'm taking family or friends from out of town, there are better places around town.
1	It's my first time ordering from the China One near my house.  I ordered delivery from them last night,  Mu Shu Chicken... Not my usual dish from Chinese restaurants,  but I was feeling adventurous. Rice-good, cookie-good, Mu Shu chicken-makes my entire body cringe and convulse! Big ass bug in my meal... Made it to my mouth! I crunched down on this wing thing and it was hard! Big beastly bug!!  Disgusted!!
1	Have been going to this restaurant for years and also for delivery, But after today I will never be returning. I ordered the lunch special which comes with soup, I was not able to finish it all, so I asked if I could take the rest home (after all I am paying for the food). I Was told that I absolutely under no circumstances may I take any unfinished food home with me, including the soup which I hadn't even touched and wanted to take home for later . "It is for eating in only" explained to the ignorant lady that I did eat in and would like to take the rest home that I could not finish, since once again  I am PAYING FOR IT!!!! I was told no way we don't do that, it must be finished here and can never leave their Establishment, WTF I told her I have been coming here for years and that I will never be returning, She was like that's fine. Guess they don't need any repeat customers. Typical  customer service at Chinese food establishments.
5	Not only do I love their food but they just made super happy... You can order online and have your food ready by the time you get there! Great for a busy gal like me!!!
3	First time ordering from here.  Looking for a good Chinese restaurant.  Food was good but delivery took an hour and a half!  If I order from here again, I'll just pick it up.
1	I must say....this is the WORST food I've ever had...orange chicken tasted as if it was fresh...fresh out of the FREEZER and then microwaved. The chow mein was soggy and the chicken was basically as chewy as bubble gum. Fried rice was decent and ended up becoming the main course due to rest of our meal being far from decent. It also took and hour and half for the delivery man to show up with, what I'd like to refer to as "dog food"....but actually I wouldn't even feed this to my poor dog. Cheers
1	do not eat anything here you will get sick . i saw the server  touch raw chixken beef and shrimp and grab cooked rice with his  bare hand  put it in a togo container.  wipe his hand on his apron  sneezed in his hand and grab raw vegtables  .. this place used to have a d  per the. health department rating im not sure why this place is open ...  buyer beware.
4	we orderd on christmas day, 3 family dinners, all food was hot, yummy, and staff was freindly. I will come back to this place for sure.thank you china one!!!
4	The General TSO Chicken was great and I loved the Taro Smoothie. The Salt and Pepper Shrimp did have a different coating than I anticipated but it was still tasty.
5	Awesome food and delivery service!  They even gave us a free entree when we moved to a new home!  Sometimes it's the little things that make the difference!
