5	Ever seen one of those commercials TV of a restaurant that exists nowhere near where you live? Enter Ruby Tuesday. As a Bay Area resident, I have seen repeats of their commercials on many occasions, especially the one about revamping their image (something about a lamp?). At least I think thats what was one of the commercials. Anyway, I went to Vegas this past weekend and crashed at a friend's house in the area. Granted the house was half an hour away from the Strip, there was one night where we didn't want to drive all the way there, and so when we discovered this place, it was a no-brainer to try it. This particular location was rather empty on a Sunday night, but then again its not a heavily populated area. There's a salad bar right when you walk in, and silly me I thought it was free. As a carnivore I tend to ignore salad bars, but if that's your thing, add that onto your tab. I ordered the Brewmaster burger. Remember, if you order any burger, it comes with unlimited fries. It's like T.G.I. Friday's and Red Robin had a child and bore Ruby Tuesday! They even have some decent strawberry lemonade, with real strawberries. The burger itself, was pretty delicious, and the wheat bun is also a plus. It wasn't drenched in BBQ sauce, and you could taste the hint of beer in the meat. Another reason why I like this place is.... Leinenkugel's Sunset Wheat on tap! You know I had to get it. Suddenly, Yard House isn't the only franchised place to find this. By the way, if anyone knows where else they carry it in the Bay, please shed some light. Our waitress was awesome and very attentive, but then again there weren't too many people eating there. What's even more awesome, the bill was split per person and how much food they ordered. Basically, the overall receipt showed how much each person needed to pay. No need for separated checks or the need to write down how much to charge to each card! I bet you if this franchise was more common in the Bay, I'd give a lower score. Then again its not. Eating a pretty good burger with unlimited fries, enjoying a brewski, and watching the NBA playoffs with some good friends is a wonderful experience. I still hate this place for showing commercials when they don't have any locations nearby.
3	My grandpa doesn't get out much and after he had the Crab Cake Dinner here last week...he has been thinking about it ever since. I think it's because he got to eat some of my aunt's Lobster Carbonara, my mom's Lobster Mac & Cheese, and some Tiramisu. I went on their website and joined the email club. They emailed me a 2 for 1 coupon(up to $10) right away.This time I ordered the The Ultimate Chicken Sandwich which has chicken breast topped with Havarti cheese, applewood smoked bacon, sliced avocado, and all the trimmings. With honey mustard dressing. Oh yeah, the ENDLESS FRIES! I only got one refill this time. When the bill came, it had a card to join the email club and it said you can get a free entree. I'm not sure if that means another 2 for 1 coupon or a coupon for a free entree.http://pages.rubytuesdayrestaurants.com/page.aspx?QS=773ed3059447707deabda7bb9014e2bc76683fcf2ec10edcbf62b7dc638cf860
3	This was our second sojourn to this restaurant. Again I was not disappointed. No wait,seated immediately. Server very prompt when seated. Took our ice tea order,returned promptly with our drinks. Took our order immediately. She was great, didn't try to up sell us a drink or salad bar. Partner elected salad bar...very comprehensive a little bit of everything from salad to pasta to fruit salad assortment. Dressings very tasteful.  Entree presented, not rushed which was nice. Both entree's were delicious 1/2 rack of ribs and florentine chicken. Both hot. Veggies were fresh not soggy. All in all a good experience.
3	Awesome salad bar but mediocre service.  Had to ask twice for iced tea refills.  Perhaps the waiter didn't expect much of a tip since we got the salad bar....  he should have stepped up, I'm from CA & I tip well deserved servers.
4	Love this place, had their typhoon shrimp and their bacon cheeseburger. Didn't finish the food but definitely a two thumbs up.  Quality of food was 5 star, service was 3 1/2 star.  The type of bread they used for the burger was similar to a croissant :)
4	Fiance & I drove down to this location to use our 2for1 coupon and a gift card burning a hole in our pocket.  We were seated right away and the lay out of the place is much more inviting than the location that closed in Summerlin.  Tom was our server and he was nice but busy taking care of all the tables in our area alone.  We each had the salad bar, ice tea and the ribs.  A nice assortment on the bar, but no potato salad which I thought was a standard on every salad bar.  We also enjoyed the new offering of cupcakes (Red Velvet or Carrot) and they were very moist with butter frosting.  Overall a very nice lunch.
4	Ruby Tuesday kicked it up a notch:) I was pleasantly surprised with my meal. I had the new Orleans style talapia with a Parmesan cream sauce with sauteed shrimp on top, and choice of two sides I chose cauliflower mash and grilled zucchini  . Great  meal for lo carb diet. The fish was broiled to perfection and the sauce made it better they even broiled the lemon a nice touch. Throw in unlimited salad bar for a few more bucks and I was stuffed and happy as I can be on a diet.:(
2	I really, really wanted to love this place. I'd never been, but it reminded me of a nicer Friday's or a Chili's or something. I liked their more creative menu and their drink menu.  All good things. But, the actual experience was meh.We went around noon on a Sunday. The place was empty, awaiting the post-church crowd. We're a sans-church crowd, so we were there first.As far as first impressions go, unfortunately, this place did not make the best. Our booth was dirty, with the seat and the back end of the table covered in crumbs and pepper, like they only cleaned as far as they could reach.Our waitress, while sweet as pie, looked like she'd just done the walk of shame. Her black shirt, front and sleeves, was *covered* in crusty, dried food, like she'd spent the day feeding toddlers. It was only NOON, and the place was empty, so this told me it was yesterday's shirt or one she pulled out of a pile on the floor. Her hair was just thrown up in a quick pony, the kind you do to wash your face or sneak out of someone's apartment the morning after.  The whole package wasn't very appetizing. It didn't say a fresh "Good morning! Let me serve you edibles!"She also forgot the biscuits that came with our brunch until we'd almost finished and I had to ask her for them. (Biscuits were tasty, though. Size of a half dollar and only two of them, but tasty. I assume we could have gotten more if we'd wanted them.)Our meals started with a "parfait" of plain yogurt, blackberry puree  and granola. What it seemed like was plain yogurt, jam and a crushed up Nature Valley granola bar. But it wasn't bad. In fact, it was surprisingly good, but a bit too filling.  That's essentially a whole meal in itself.We each got an omelet (their brunch menu is fairly limited) and the arrived hot and with "homestyle potatoes" which were basically cubed Ore-Ida out of the bag. They tasted ok, but were a little dry and served with a side of ketchup. But what wasn't dry was the butter/oil drenched omelet. It was so covered in grease the edge of the omelet were crispy and butter was pooling on top of the eggs.  Did it taste good?  Yes, it wasn't bad, but way, way, way too oily for me. WAY.  We casually mentioned it to the manager who picked up our plates and asked how we liked everything.  She said they had a new "spec" that required them to brush the omelets with butter before sending them out to the table.  I could see where people would like that -- it's just not for me. I prefer a healthier omelet.We left with mixed feelings. The food wasn't bad -- but we wished it'd not been as greasy and had a few more options on the brunch menu.  It was also a little on the pricey side for what you get, considering Vegas is full of amazing restaurants and buffets.We were fairly turned off by the details, like our booth being dirty and our waitress so unkempt. That sort of killed it out of the gate, to the point that we almost just paid for the OJ and left.  Dirty doesn't inspire confidence.  If she'd been tidier and the booth cleaner, I'd say 3 stars with more pending other meals, but I don't think I'll be back now, unfortunately.
4	Really have stepped it a notch! My husband and I had tried it several years ago and well just didn't thing about returning. But looking for something new and different, we decided to try it again. They have a new menu and the crab cake appetizer is great! There are big bites of crab and the sauce is a spicy sweat Asian chili. There are plenty of healthy grilled entrees and you can pick you sides, the grilled zucchini is excellent. There is a really fresh salad bar that for a few more dollars adds to any meal. If you aren't really watching calories, the cheese bread rolls are too bad either! I haven't tried any of the deserts, but they look yummy. If you want a simple low calorie meal, check this out!
3	I've only been to one other Ruby Tuesday and that was in the East Coast. We came here to have dinner with family friends since it was close to their house. Service was pretty ok, I did wish they paid more attention to us, though. Food was pretty good. Their garden fresh salad bar had tons of great choices, but I wish the salad dressings were labeled (some were, but those were the REALLY obvious ones). Try their lobster macaroni. PRETTY GOOD and great deal on weekends. The complimentary scones or w/e was also a surprise... I can't quite figure out what makes it taste SO GOOD.
5	Oh my god, they closed the ruby tuesday near my house and i was a sad panda. Came to vegas for my bday and found one here. Words cannot describe how happy i was. So, onto the review. -Triple prime burger HAS to be ordered medium rare or rare.  The taste of the meat is way off if cooked more than medium rare.  Send the bitch back if you have to.  Juice should be dripping out of this bad boy.-get the fire wings hot-try their flavored teas. Peach tea is my favorite. Their mixed drinks are also very well made,Almost everything I have ordered from this restaurant was good, if not great.  I had my burger cooked medium and politely sent it back for a medium rare, and yes, the difference from medium rare to medium really does have an effect on the taste.  Fire wings are delicious and like the great restaurant they are, the wings come with...BLUE CHEESE dressing, bitches!  Fuck ranch! Well, I do like ranch, but blue cheese owns.  This isn't your crappy runny or too thick blue cheese either, it tastes really good.  Even if you're not a big fan, it'll make you one!Peach Tea...NOM NOM NOM, orgasm in my mouf!Anyway, check this place out, I do get bummed out thinking about how I can no longer come here anytime I want :(
1	I only gave it one star because the waitress gave us nice service, other than that said this place was awful.  I went for dinner with my husband, usually good the food is good but everything was dry and flavorless. The whole restaurant smelled musty and dirty, the restroom was dirty and when I walked out of it I saw most of the wait staff goofing off with the cooks. No wonder the food suffered. I can honestly say that I had the worst steak of my life there. I gave my husband a piece just to make sure it wasnt just me and he spit it out immediately. We have black listed that place and hopefully Gordon Ramsay will start helping large chain restaurants.
4	My client choose Ruby Tuesday for lunch which I've never experienced prior. The restaurant is large and we were seated asap. The lunch menu had such a large variety and I was overwhelmed with what to order- Salads, 14 different types of beef, turkey and chicken burgers, seafood, pastas, chicken, steaks and even ribs. Finally decided on the Chicken & Mushroom Alfredo - Grilled chicken tossed with linguine pasta, sauteed baby portabella mushrooms, green peas, and rich Parmesan cream sauce. This entree was generous in size, tasty and flavorful. My client ordered a grilled chicken salad and it was large and looked tasty. Our waiter Eric was super. He constantly checked in and took good care of our needs. For checking out Ruby Tuesday for the first time I was impressed with the variety on the menu, quality of my food and the service.I would return to Ruby Tuesday in the future and check out some of their other entrees.
4	so i had the chicken bella. I had the white cheddar mash. And spaghetti squash marinara.  Mash was great, right hint of seasonings, the spaghetti squash marinara, was bland. had no flavor.  Chicken was good had a parmesan cream sauce, a little hint of spice but i enjoyed it. great addition was the portabella mushrooms. my friend had the seafood festival mix. It all looked good, but didn't taste since it was all crab and lobster, and I am allergic. She liked it. we had the appetizer of Asian Dumplings, suprisingly good. I believe it had water chestnuts, and they were sliced big, so it kind of gotten in the way of the chicken goodness of the dumpling, but that's just me. This place is a little more upscale than chili's and applebee's. the food was great and so was the service. Couldn't complain or expect nothing more, than what it is, a chain that served American Fare. It is the only one left in Vegas. Because the one in Summerlin closed.
4	Oh, how I miss the Ruby Tuesday that used to be practically around the corner.  Right before it closed last year, my husband bought a gift card for us to use.  It was a good deal, so we figured we'd have no trouble using it up.  Ha!  A couple of weeks later, it was gone. Our trip to this venue - now the only one in Las Vegas - was much longer than I anticipated.  But it was worth it.  The service was terrific, and the food very good.My husband had the Pasta with Broccoli and Chicken.  Not wanting the creamy Alfredo sauce it came with, it was no problem to substitute marinara.  He also had the salad bar (an additional 2.99), so there was enough of the main dish to take home leftovers.  We love leftovers!!I ordered the surf and turf combo, which was a couple of shrimp in a spicy barbecue sauce, a tiny grilled chicken breast with a fresh mango salsa, and a very small steak.  I substituted broccoli for the brown rice, again with no problem.  I didn't get the salad bar, but I'm not a big eater, so I had leftovers to go, too.  It was all very good, though I would have liked it better if the shrimp were a bit bigger.All in all, it was a good meal, and we'll be back.  When the price of gas goes down.
4	I was pleasantly impressed with both food and service on a recent dinner outing to Ruby Tuesday.  The chain had provided me with a "25% off entire bill" online coupon, so I decided to use it.  This saved me over $12.We began with Asian Dumplings as an appetizer.  These chicken-filled potstickers were described as steamed but were actually pan fried, which I prefer.  Covered in black sesame seeds, they were cooked just right, very tasty, and comparable to T.G.I. Friday's potstickers, which I also happen to like.  However, instead of being accompanied by a Szechwan Dipping Sauce, these potstickers were served with a slightly spicy but smooth and tasty Peanut Sauce.  Only a little sauce was smeared on the platter, so I asked for and received an ample supply of additional Peanut Sauce.Our fine beginning was followed by a trip to the Garden Salad Bar, just $2.99 for unlimited salad bar visits added to the cost of an entree.  The salad bar was all I hoped it to be, with good red tomatoes, hot red onions, yummy egg, fine homemade skin-on potato salad, and a wide variety of ingredients and available dressings.  The only missing item I would have liked to have seen was garbanzo beans.  The only disappointment of the night was the Chicken Harvest Soup.  This unusual looking soup consisting of reddish pieces of chicken, carrot bits, peas, and pasta, and served in a rectangular dish, was not very hot, and both its flat and spiral noodles were mushy and clearly overcooked.  The soup still had a good tomatoey flavor though.The Seafood Festival is on, and my Shellfish Trio exceeded expectations.  For its diminutive size, the broiled Lobster Tail was one of the best I have tasted.  The Jumbo Lump Crab Cake was also quite tasty, and so were the three grilled Shrimps, except they were more medium to large than jumbo-sized as billed, and one was a bit undercooked.  The Garlic Scampi Butter enhanced the taste of all of these crustaceans.  The sliced tomatoes I ordered as a side were good but I discovered that I did not really like them covered with Vinaigrette Dressing.  A second side of Cheddar Mashed Potatoes, made with White Cheddar Cheese, was creamy and very filling.  Tasty, too!An excellent Double Chocolate Cake with a molten center, mixed with Vanilla Ice cream, and shared with Diane, was a fitting end to a fine meal.
3	What can I say?  This place has all the other neighborhood bar/grill chains beaten.  Their food quality is much higher and their service more professional.  If you are nearby, it's the right choice.
5	dinner was delicious
2	I don't know what the fuss is all about. The burgers are not that good. The service was above average but the menu does not do it for me. I have no desire to come back. In and out burgers is just up the street. On a bad note: the men's restroom was so stinky, sewer problems I think. It ruined my appetite. Sorry Ms. Tuesday, any day of the week is not going to cut it for me. I am completely disappointed.
5	Service was absolute 5 stars and the meal was absollutely wonderful.  I am so happy to have discovered Ruby Tuesday.  Oh btw the prices are excellent as well.  Just $9.99 for an entree.  plus salad bar comes free right now with their special.  cannot beat that.
4	When it comes to lunch in North Las Vegas, there are a few things I try to do: Stay away from fast food.  Eat something reasonably healthy.  Keep lunch cheap.  Surprisingly, I've been able to do those things at Ruby Tuesday!I've always sat at the bar during lunch and ordered an entree; I haven't done the salad bar.  While sitting at the bar, the bartender gave me a card that gets me $2 off my lunch at the bar if I pay with a card.  I've been ordering entrees from their petite lunch menu, which is a smaller (and cheaper!) serving than the regular dish.  Each petite lunch is $8-$9, so after that sweet $2 discount you're looking at a $6-$7 entree at a sit down restaurant!  It seems that nowadays you'll be spending that much for a combo meal at a fast food spot.I've had the chicken lunch and the cajun fish lunch, and both are decent meals for the price point.  They come with a side of mashed potatoes and broccoli, and the portion is enough to keep you going until dinner time.  The fish has been overseasoned before, but it's not a regular thing.If you can relate to the first paragraph in this review, consider Ruby Tuesday a solid choice for lunch in North Las Vegas.
4	I love the salad bar and the variety of ice tea! I had pomengranate ice tea and my friend had mango ice tea.  This is a great place for lunch!
3	Went there for a late lunch.  I ordered their sirloin steak and was not impressed at all.  It was not fresh & has been frozen for too long, which gave it a grainy texture.  The steak was mediocre at best.  However, I did enjoy their salad bar and the service was good.
4	I had a very pleasurable dining experience once again recently at Ruby Tuesday.  The Salad Bar had very good offerings, including, ham, bacon, egg, peas, carrots, red onions, cucumbers, and zucchini.  Asian Dumplings (potstickers) were excellent dipped in a zesty Peanut Sauce, while Diane chiefly enjoyed a hot and very good Shrimp Fondue.As Diane enjoyed a big filet of Tilapia, my Shellfish Trio included a flavorful Lobster Tail, a slightly zesty Crab Cake, and very tasty Grilled Shrimp.  White Cheddar Mashed Potatoes were good but too creamy for my taste.  On the other hand, the creaminess of good and creamy Cauliflower was well calibrated--although this accompaniment was warm rather than hot.  Service was exemplary by a team of servers.  Three different staff members timely brought food items or utensils to our table.The meal ended quite well with an excellent and delicious warm Blondie: a blonde brownie with melted chocolate chunks and nuts, served with Vanilla Ice Cream.4-1/2 earned stars on this occasion!
4	Staff is always nice, food is really good and prices are fair.Their steaks are always perfectly cooked.And the appetizers they bring before the meal are really tasty. If you wanna have a relaxing dinner id suggest you to stop here.
4	Dinner was great.  We went back with my parents for lunch and the service was poor.  Other than that, I did like dinner service and may go back again in the evenings.  As for the salad bar, it's good.  Nice touch to add it as a side with a meal.
4	Not bad for a national chain type restaurant. I don't frequent these types of places too often and I only find myself here when my taste buds are in a generic mood, and can't seem to pinpoint exactly what they want. They have great specialty drinks that start at only $5. Their salad bar is always stocked with only the freshest ingredients. The quality of the food is very good and pricing is just right. I've never had a steak that was cooked at the wrong temperature and service is always friendly and efficient. I liked that the hostess took my drink order when I told her I was going to the restroom before sitting down. A simple gesture like that is very much appreciated. My drink was ready for me when I got back to the table.They must be doing something right because they are one of the few remaining restaurants on Craig Rd that hasn't closed down in the last five years. They are definitely above average for a national chain family restaurant. Keep up the good work guys!
3	The food here is okay, there is nothing in particular that has ever impressed me. Not even anything uniquely bad  but nothing ever sticks out. I have eaten here a couple of times and though the service is good, the food just comes across as bland and boring, almost like everything is pre-packaged or came to the restaurant as frozen.
4	I haven't been to a Ruby Tuesday's in years, but my dad was raving about the soup and salad bar, so my husband and I made it a point to come have just that.It is a pretty nice salad bar and it is only $1 more for a bowl of soup. Our total before tip was $24.82 for 2 soup and salad bars and 2 ice teas.We will definitely be back. It was pretty good and a reasonable price.
4	We returned to Ruby Tuesday with another couple, and despite trying different entrees, everything was tasty again, and service was exemplary.  Complimentary Cheddar Garlic Biscuits would have been well worth paying for, and Shrimp Fondue and juicy and plump fried Asian Dumplings made great appetizers.  The cheesy fondue came with an unlimited amount of warm and thin tortilla chips, many of which were larger than normal tortilla strips.  I next stuffed my face with a massive salad covered by Bleu Cheese Dressing that I constructed from the fine, many ingredient Salad Bar that is featured here.  Yet I still had room afterward to enjoy Chicken Mushroom with Alfredo Sauce and Pea, which was really good and creamy.  Peach Lemonade was used to wash everything down.  I was then pleasantly surprised by tiny pieces of peach shooting up my straw to reach the mouth and enhance the drink with bursts of fresh fruit flavor.Other members of my party enjoyed Parmesan Grilled Shrimp with Penne, and Sirloin Steak & Shrimp with a Baked Potato loaded with butter, sour cream, and chives.   After consuming all of this food, ordering dessert would have been counterproductive.  So, this time we refrained.  This consistently reliable establishment will remain one of my staple choices for comfort food.  But  on a Friday night we had to wait about ten minutes to score a table, so next time I will call in advance to make a dinner reservation, which I was told are accepted here.
4	Woohoo!  Who knew there was a Ruby Tuesdays in Las Vegas?  Not this girl until when I saw it when we were driving down Craig looking for a place to eat.  (We live in Henderson and are not up on this side of town often.)So, I am on a diet.  Annoying!  But they have some great options on their menu that state the calorie count.  I ordered the Creole Catch, which is labeled as having 335 calories.  Wow!  It was really tasty.  Husband had a bacon cheeseburger and the kidlings had pasta and fried shrimp, respectively.  The salad bar was pretty impressive.  They bring those little cheese knot biscuits to the table.  They looked yummy and disappeared from the table, but I didn't want to even think about the calorie count in that!Our server was a sleep at the wheel.  He wasn't rude, but he wasn't friendly, was not prompt with refills or the check.  I ended up chatting with the manager and she was really nice.  Overall, I would return if I am out that direction.
4	2 words.. Salad Bar! I like Ruby Tuesday if for no other reason than the salad bar. Its tasty and has a decent selection. Came here with my pops on a random wednesday night outing and was pleasantly surprised. I hadn't been to RT in several years so i was delighted when I noticed they had seafood gumbo on their menu. Now don't get me wrong here, It ain't the Oyster bar but its still some damn good gumbo. It had shrimp, chicken, and sausage (they said anduille but im not convinced) despite that I was still pleasantly surprised. If they worked on their gumbo to rice ratio (2:1 NOT 1:1) it would be spot on for a nice, inexpensive, bowl of tastiness. If i'm in that neck of the woods I will def return!
3	Ah...not my favorite place for eats.  Honestly, main reason we went there for date night dinner was because I had a coupon for 25% off our meal!  Yes, cheap date.The one and ONLY Ruby Tuesday in the entire Las Vegas is on Craig Rd., thankfully this is closer to my side of town.  Unthankfully, that means, yes, this Ruby Tuesday is VERY close to the piggie farm!  Ugh, if the smell of leftover slop doesn't make you hungry...I don't know what does, ha ha!  So just be aware that if you come to Ruby Tuesday here, that funky smell outside is probably not from the restaurant, but from the stench of the leftover buffet that awaits some happy pigs.  Pigs which will later, in a round of great irony, be part of a buffet.  Oh the Circle of Life...I should have been wary once we entered Ruby Tuesday that even with this coupon floating, and on a Friday night, this place was pretty much empty.  There were open tables everywhere!  But only a small handful taken with smaller parties of 2-4 people.  It was quiet...you could almost hear the sound of an owl hooing, and the brush of a tumbleweed passing by.  However, I was determined to use my 25% off coupon!  I sucked it up, placed my eating gun in the holster, put on my @$$less chaps, and tipped my cowboy hat to prepare for the ensuing dinner shootout.Our server was pleasant, and quick to the draw for drinks.  For some reason, she KNEW I had that darn coupon on me.  Either she's good, or she knows that her Ruby Tuesday was only busy when these coupons came out.  Bad, bad sign.  I should have high-tailed it out of there and rode out into the sunset.  My stubbornness persisted as I ventured into the menu.Being a chain, Ruby Tuesday encompasses just about all the types of food you see on a typical chain menu.  Burgers, fries, steaks, chicken, sandwiches, wraps, sliders, salads, some seafood, desserts, and a kids menu.  They do have some special items for a brunch menu, as well as a 'Chef Inspired' menu to showcase what they do different.  A GOURMET Ruby Tuesday if you will.  If I had tons of money like some of you YELPERS who get to eat at a steakhouse on The Strip once a week, I would probably be doing that too.  I'm middle-class (BIG PIMPIN'...SPENDIN' CHEESE), so luckily my niche is around cheap eats or places that give you the best bang for your buck.  For many of us, that buck is getting smaller!  I will just wait until Yelp offers me some extra moolah and a side job as their goodwill ambassador to dine if finer establishments.With most of Ruby Tuesday's entrees, you get a choice of two sides to go with your main.  I chose the 'Chef Inspired' Caribbean Chicken, rubbed with jerk seasoning and topped with mango salsa.  I chose a side of Creamy Mashed Cauliflower.  My date for the evening chose Louisiana Fried Shrimp, with cajun spice breading, and a spicy chile sauce for dipping.  She chose a side of onion rings.For our other side dish, we both chose the Ruby Tuesday salad bar!  Yes, it was the other main reason why I drove down there for dinner.  I love a good salad bar that comes with a meal.  It's almost like having another entree if you build your salad right!  As I like it, more bang for the buck.  This salad bar wasn't half bad either.  All the produce was fresh and crisp.  I made myself two FATTY salads before our entrees arrived!  Surprisingly enough, their bleu cheese dressing was pretty killer.  Chunks of bleu cheese galore, I was game.The salad bar, unfortunately, was the highlight of the night.  Our entrees?  Not so much.  They were really kinda bland.  Very BLEH.  I wasn't impressed by my 'Chef Inspired' Carribbean Chicken.  The portion wasn't the greatest, two tiny breasts!  I don't mind tiny breasts...but these ones just had no substance to them.  The jerk seasoning on them wasn't salty enough, there was more heat from pepper than anything.  They were cooked ok (kinda hard to mess up a chicken breast), but the mango salsa on the chicken didn't bring much to the party either.  I could have easily made this dish with a better salsa at home.  The Creamy Mashed Cauliflower was ok, but again it wasn't seasoned well enough so they were bland.  My lady's Louisiana Fried Shrimp failed to impress.  The breading was way too heavy, and they were overcooked.  Golden brown crispy was not so.  This bordered on dark caramel, a sign of too done!  Funny enough, these shrimp were OVER seasoned...too much salt and spice.  The spicy chile sauce for dipping didn't help since when you used it for the shrimp, everything was just overpowered by heat.  Killed the taste of the little overcooked shrimp inside.  Her side of onion rings were ok, nothing worth noting except these were better to dip with the spicy chile sauce.Not too impressed Ruby Tuesday.  Of course you are a chain so I guess that puts you par for the course.  Even with the amount I spent for dinner after coupon, I could have gotten a better meal at a number of other places.Lucky for you SALAD BAR = +1
4	By no means am I a regular at Ruby Tuesday's but I have been here enough times in the past several years to know a few important things.  One, I love their salad bar.  It is always fresh and has some great topping and greens options.  I have to get the salad bar every time I come in.  Two, I was disppointed after not having been in a while to see that their menu had changed drastically.  They used to be known for their burgers.  Today, some of the burgers are still there but not like they used to be.  For instance, I was impressed that they had a bison burger in the past.  Now, it is no where to be found.Three, given the change to their menu, I have found other items to be quite satisfying.  I think I have tried something different each time I have gone in during my last few visits.  Most recently I tried the new spicy chicken tacos.  They were indeed spicy.  Not too overwhelming though.  It was enough spice to make its presence known in a big way.  Spicy grilled chicken, sauteed onion and bell pepper, cheese, cabbage and salsa in a soft flour tortilla was very good.  There were two on a plate.  Those two tacos plus my self-assembled salad were satisfying enough on their own.  For some reason, though, I was unable to pass up dessert tonight.  The cheese cake was calling me.  So I answered the call.  I'm glad I did.  It was a thick cheese cake.  At least three inches tall and topped with raspberry sauce and crushed fresh berries.  It was delicious and it filled me to the top.  I went home with a full belly and a happy heart.
1	I am severely disappointed in the treatment we received by the manager on duty, Ryan. We took my grandparents out for dinner for my grandma's birthday and we asked another patron to close the blinds at the booth they were sitting at because the light was shining in our eyes. He rudely refused and we asked the bartender to please assist us. When he did so, the other patron became belligerent and complained to Ryan. While it is unfortunate that the other patron was so upset over a simple request, we felt that as patrons ourselves, we deserve some level of respect from the manager for the situation. While the other patron was reseated, we watched as Ryan visited their table multiple times but never once approached us to address the situation. He even helped serve food to our table and did not take the initiative to be a professional manager and apologize for the situation taking place. He had multiple other opportunities to do so and did not. We also overheard him verbally reprimanding our waitress for "handling the situation poorly" when in fact she and the bartender did the appropriate thing by reseating the other party and apologizing to us. After we paid our bill, I personally went to the manager to thank him for the excellent service we received from our waitress (Morgan) and the bartender and to give him one final opportunity to address the situation. When he still didn't say anything about it, I reached out to shake his hand and he refused to shake my hand. I am honestly so offended and disappointed by the treatment we received from the manager - the only thing that made our experience even the slightest bit better was the extraordinary service from our waitress and the bartender. As the only Ruby Tuesday's in Las Vegas, I hope Ryan reflects on his role as a manager and understands that he is responsible for EVERYONE'S experience, not just the individuals that complain. Needless to say, we will NOT be visiting this establishment again and will not recommend it to our friends and family. If you do decide to visit this establishment, ask for Morgan as a waitress or go sit at the bar- they're the BEST!
5	Just finished having dinner at Ruby Tuesday's on Craig in North Las Vegas and I can't believe I'm saying this but it can rival any 5 star restaurant on the Strip!Had a sirloin steak, cooked perfectly, medium rare, juicy, no veins or marbling at all!Side of zucchini was good, a little garlic and lemon juice would have made them excellent!Wait wasn't bad, service was good but a little slow at times.  Only comment is that the table was greasy and sticky by the window.  The manager said it was due to the heat but I think it was due to poor table maintenance.Best value for the money.  Haven't found a deal like this in Southern Nevada since the mob left the casinos.Music  way too loud for dinner dining.
2	Ruby Tuesdays has fallen on hard times a least this location. The wait staff  will argue with you if you don't like some thing yelling at you it must be your fault. The too hot for me chicken tortilla soup was mild at best and really bad.Do not recommend this location to anyone I will eat at ruby Tuesdays again but never ever here
5	I've been here numerous times an I haven't been disappointed yet! The service is always outstanding and the food is always HOT and delicious! The drinks are yummy too! I have always been a fan of Ruby Tuesday since my first visit back in 2001 in Tacoma, WA! If you're looking for great food on a budget then this is the place to go!
5	We were in this afternoon and we were both impressed!  It was our day off :) so we sat at the bar.  Our bartender, Victoria, was very knowledgeable and patient as we are not regulars so it took us a bit of time to decide and read through the extensive menu.  She even gave us suggestions even though she was so busy!  The salad bar was a great addition to our meal.  The food was good, the tv's were great, and the food arrived in an appropriate amount of time...Overall, we are so glad we stopped in and gave this local place a chance!  We will be back!
2	Okay let's start with the complimentary biscuits they give after taking your order. They were dry, over baked, but a pretty good flavor. I have fried shrimp dinner with crab cake and a lobster tail! HORRIBLE! The lobster was cooked too long, shrimp had an after taste like they were fried in oil that need to be changed out. The crab cake had TOO Much breading and not very flavorful.I will Not eat at this restaurant again. Oh and the lemonade is so tart that we had to mix with water just to drink it....SOOOO from the drinks, dinner and biscuits, dinner was horrible! Only decent thing there was the salad....I could've gone to Wendy's for a Great salad and spent way less than $50!
3	I traveled hundreds of miles for the new burgers they were promoting and unfortunately they weren't up to par. I went to Wendy's and had a very similar experience. I only give it three stars because I had prime beef instead of regular beef and I did taste the difference. Fries were meh! And service was below par. Disappointed.
3	Normally I give this place 5 stars. Great service. Love the salad bar. I always get coupons by email. But tonight? Nope. Customer service blows. They redid the chick tender batter and was literally falling off the chicken. I tried one and told my waitress I didn't like it at all. It tastes like tempura. Well then she brings the bill with the tenders still on it. Maybe it's just me but normally they should take the meal off. So I waited. And waited the waitress finally came over and I asked. She takes the bill and takes forever to come back only to say that they will take the chicken off but now charge me $9 for the side salad. Waited again. Finally somewhat got it sorta because I made them take a coupon. Like I said normally love this place but either the manager was a twit (never came by the table) or the server was new.
4	It's been years since I've had Ruby Tuesday's and when I realized there was one in the valley, I was excited to try this particular one. We arrived late on a weekday night, so there weren't many people there. We sat at the empty bar to watch TV and keep the bartender from falling asleep. The thing I remembered most about Ruby Tuesday's was their salad bar that  you could add as a side to any entree and when I walked in I was glad to see that was still the case.I've always liked their burgers and decided to try the turkey burger this time with the salad bar option for an additional $2.99. The salad bar was clean and everything looked and tasted fresh. Since there were only a handful of tables being occupied, our food came pretty quickly. I was barely half way through with my salad when the entrees arrived. My turkey burger was extremely juicy and perfectly cooked. The only challenge was eating it along with my salad and fries.The bartender was friendly and conversed with us the entire time (probably because he was bored). We asked if happy hour started at 9 PM and since it was 8:45 PM when we asked, he said we didn't have to wait and could order drinks if we wanted to. That was nice of him but happy hour prices are a measly $1 cheaper than the menu price! What a joke, no wonder nobody cares!Overall the food and service was good and just what I remembered from frequenting the locations back in Illinois during my college days. I will definitely be back soon
1	Dog food! I wish I knew about the bar before a terrible lunch.
4	I have always been a fan of RT. Their salad bar is always fresh and offers a good variety. On my most recent visit, our server, Debbie was extremely friendly and efficient. She was at the table quickly to take drink orders. When the drinks arrived, they were accompanied by warm little bisquits that were outstanding and complimentary, or included in the price of the meals . Either way you look at it, they are a must have. You won't be disappointed. I chose the Ruby's Mini's with the salad bar. Cooked to order sliders with endless french fries and a bottomless salad. Everything was fresh and flavorful. A great meal at a good price. I opted for the peach iced tea this time, which was refreshing and full of flavor. The tea was a little pricey at $3.99, but was very good and did come with refills. I will definitely be back.
3	Food is ok..Tables are made for little people...not average sized people...Service is just OK!
2	Service good, a little pricey and the quality of the food wasn't what I expected. Don't think I will be heading back for seconds.
1	I hadn't been here in a while and after tonight's mess of a meal I know why. First of all my lobster was old looking but the taste was horrible.  It not only looked like rubber it tasted like rubber.  My food was cold , crab cake small burnt and awful. What a waste of our money.  I have no ideal what happened to the establishment but they need to get it together,  I pray that I am not ill in the am. Just disgusting.  Shame on you Ruby Tuesday for selling mockery of food.It was so bad there is no star to give
1	This place is a hot mess now. I used to come here about 5 years ago but it seems the service and food is continually getting worse. The waiter was extremely slow and inattentive. We ordered the rib & chicken tenders special and the chicken was not done and had to be sent back. They don't automatically give you extra BBQ sauce either for the ribs that had no sauce on them...not coming here again...
3	The best thing here is the strawberry iced tea!
5	We went to Ruby Tuesdays Tuesday night and we were so impressed with the food and service!  The selection is awesome and atmosphere great!  We would love to have one up in Northern Nevada!!
4	The food here was great, the service good, and parking was good.  The only things I might have a problem with is, The prices are a little on the higher side as You get a burger and it costs about $12, and you only get to choose 1 side, so when you get your plate it looks kind of bare.  And I like Salads so I picked the "Salad bar"  On the commercials it looks like its 15 feet long with everything.  But in fact it has less then the bare minimum for a Salad bar.  Just lettuce, about 6 toppings and 5 dressings.  I mean when I want a salad, I want enough choices that I could make a cobb salad of sort, not just lettuce and dressing.  Other then those 2 things, it was a pretty nice place.
2	After living in Jacksonville, FL for a couple years, I have grown to love Ruby Tuesdays.  They were everywhere in Florida so when I moved here I was a little disappointed that they did not have one close to where I live.  I live in the Southwest area so it is a drive for me and my husband to go to the north side of town.  We had a coupon so why not right?This was our second trip there.  We were seated immediately which was great.  I noticed that the place wasn't even busy so I thought great we don't have to wait long for our food.  My husband and I waited a while for someone to ask us for our drinks.  I noticed around that there were a lot of servers cleaning the tables so I was a little confused why it took so long for someone to get to us.  Someone finally came and took our drink.  My husband and I always get the New Orleans seafood.  We got our food and I have to admit it was so good.  I loved it.  I can't complain.  If that is one thing that annoys me is if my drink is not filled.  I am usually patient when it comes to servers because I know that they are busy, however this place was not busy at all.  Our server came to check on us once and did not even bother to get us a refill.  I noticed that our server actually went to another table and was having a chat with them while my husband and I were sitting waiting for our drinks to get refilled which is a good 10 minutes.  I ended up having to get someone else to get our drinks.  We finished our food at this point after we finished our drinks.  We were still waiting for her to even give us our check which by the way she never came to give us.  She never did.  We both had to get up and find someone so we can pay our bill.  I mean this is ridiculous.  We should never have to wait for them.  We are giving these people our business.  So pretty much we drove 30 miles for us to get bad service with good food.  I was wondering whether or not I do want to come back because the service was just that horrible.  I am glad that other people had a great experience, but we didn't.
3	It's was okay. Nothing too special if you're looking for a place to just grab something to eat.
2	This was our first visit and our last. The waitress was slow and forgetful. My husband said his food was tolerable but would have been better if we went to fast food. The salad bar was great and tasty. However, the broccoli cheese soup was disgusting.  It tasted like nacho cheese from 7-11 with broccoli florets dropped in.
5	Enjoy coming here during the week.  It's not to busy and the service is always good. I really like the salad buffet. Always fresh and so good!  We also mainly love going here for the iced tea!  Always have about four to five glasses. I would recommend this restaurant.
3	Things did not go as well on another visit with a different couple.  First of all, one of my favorites, the Asian Dumplings, having been cut from the menu, are no more.  And Mango for Mango Iced Tea has been replaced by a mango-flavored syrup which was not well received by two of my fellow diners.  A new app, Thai Phoon Shrimp is billed as tender and crispy shrimp tossed in a Sweet & Spicy Chile Sauce, but I and a table mate found the shrimp to be too heavily breaded, and the sauce too cloyingly sweet.My Jambalaya Pasta, consisting of chicken, shrimp, and slices of Andouille Sausage mixed in a creamy sauce with linguine was hot and spicy but not that flavorful, and the sausage tasted like thin, spicy pieces of fried hot dog.  As usual, the make your own salad from the Salad Bar, this time with French Dressing, was excellent, although few spring greens were on hand to go with Iceberg Lettuce and spinach leaves.  Diane very much liked her Coastal Trio of sweet lobster, tilapia, and skewered shrimp.Service was good, and booth seating comfortable.
1	This Ruby Tuesday Was Really Gross The Bathrooms  Were nasty Smelled Like crap. I lost my appetite and ended up leaving with a turned my stomach. The staff was horrible we asked for a manager and they didn't even come to our table and see what went wrong.  Me and my husband didn't even want the salad bar it was so gross. We left right as the food came out and even that was cold. All across the bored I would never go back to that location again.
5	Ruby Tuesday is great!   I seriously give them an "A".  The restaurant has an overall clean and appealing look...we are always made to feel welcome and the service is always wonderful. The salad bar is always crisp and fresh. Today I had the Petite Sirloin and Lobster Tail. The steak was cooked perfectly at just the right temperature. The Lobster was fresh and :melt in your mouth" delicious. the baked potato was huge! This makes several visits now to this restaurant and they deserve my solid "A" grade! I travel to northern Nevada (Reno area) often and I only wish they'd open one there.
3	Nothing really special about the place.Food and service was alright!Wouldn't go there again!
3	Good service. Salad bar was pretty depressing I probably won't go back to this place for a salad.
4	As usual we got excellent service fromLoise, the bestest server I have ever had anywhere! We ordered the Ribeye Steak, Chicken Bella, Smokey Mtn Chicken with the salad bar and Firewings and Thaiphoon Shrimp. The Ribeye was ordered medium rare but arrived medium, which was OK because it was very flavorful. The fresh zucchini is a recommend as a side! Very good! The Chicken Bella was an excellent blend of artichoke, mushrooms and cheese. The Smokey Mtn Chicken was good too.
3	I expected the place to be busier for a lunch hour so that was a pleasant surprise. The food was tasty and the salad bar was well-equipped but the cost was higher than I like for a lunch spot. Good value? Eh. I didn't feel like I was robbed but would have opted for a fancier place for that cost. Our server didn't bring us the complimentary bread until our meal was done and only after we hunted her down for it. She made an excuse about having tried to get us some earlier but there being none available. Would have been believable if we hadn't seen another server take some to the table right behind us. I'll probably go back but won't be a regular here.
