5	Great new North Shore bar!Some co workers and I decided to check out this new addition to the North Shore, It just opened this month and is located in part of the former Firewater's North Shore Saloon across from PNC Park. They are open daily from 11 to 2am. With about 20 flat screens on the wall they are a great place to catch the game. They offer a ton of different drafts and great specialty cocktails. My favorite so far is the Thai Coconut Tea. Simply delicious!They offer some type of drink special Monday through Friday. Food choices include all of the bar staples, burgers, pizza, sandwiches, salads, wings, sliders, fried shrimp, fries and much more. I haven't had a chance to try any of the food yet but, I can't wait to try some.All in all they are a great addition to the much needed bar scene on the North Shore.
1	Just stopped in for "Express Lunch"...never again.  From the hostess to the bartender to the waitresses, no one seemed to know what was going on in this place.  Food delivered to the wrong tables, incorrect pricing charged for lunch, and the wait for the "Express Lunch" to go was over 30 minutes.  My coworker & I both got the Greek salad with lamb.  This was the only item that supposedly didn't include a side - even though the menu says the lunches all include one.  It was a scant handful of romaine, half a can of beets, maybe 2 Tbsp of lamb, and sweet, thick dressing.  This was at best a side salad (with a half can of beets poured on top) for $10.  A waste of time and money.  Just gross.My coworker called to complain and was offered "more lettuce" or a free container of soup.  They threw in a free dessert as well - which would have been nice if she was actually able to eat sweets.  I didn't bother calling because I don't want anything they have to offer.
2	There was no one at the bar so I walked out.  That is all
5	We stopped by on a recent Sunday afternoon.  It was surprisingly quiet here.  Turns out that they opened very recently.  This will all change when baseball season starts.  They have a prime location right across the street from PNC.  We were greeted by the bartender who helped us pick a table.  Our server Krystal is the sweetest person ever.  She was very helpful with recommendations and advice and we appreciated that.For my drink, I took a queue from Tim W.'s review and got the Thai Coconut Tea.  The drink was so so good, I had two.  Very refreshing.  BJ got his usual beer after trying a sample at the bar.We started with the Goat Cheese Crostini with forest mushroom, honey and parsley.  Who doesn't want an appetizer with honey?  So good.  BJ got a Shrimp Po'Boy.  It was served with yummy fries and were delicious.  I got a Buffalo Chicken Salad.  It was not at all what I was expecting.   The chicken wasn't your usual deep fried battered variety swimming in red hot.  If I had read the menu more closely, I would have been inquiring as to what piri-piri chicken is.  It's basically chicken marinated in a hot chile pepper marinade, then grilled.  It was really a nice surprise.  And I loved the combination of arugula and romaine lettuces and thinly sliced fresh radishes.  I was very impressed with my salad.  Their dessert choices were limited, but the choices sounded great!  They offer a chocolate lava cake and s'mores cheesecake which I was really wanting to try.  Unfortunately, we did not have room for dessert.  We really liked BZ's and plan to visit again soon.
5	This is my favorite new restaurant so far  for 2013.   They just recently open so I went down to give it a try.  The thing I love about them is that if you want traditional bar food: burgers, pizza, mac and cheese -- you can get it.  But if you feel you want something a little different, they have traditional foods with a twist.  My favorite dish I had here was the Mexican Mac & Cheese.  It contain mac, cheese, goat cheese, and chorizo .  It is AWESOME.  It is so tasty.Their duck sliders were very good and I hate duck.  Their skinny fries are tasty and not overly salted.  I am not a drinker but my friends raved about their cocktails.  I tried my table mate's turducken burger which was good.At the end of the meal, we had a s'more cheesecake.  Yes, s'more cheesecake.  This is by far the tastiest cheesecake I have ever tried.  Seriously, I love that they didn't skimp on the crust. and the s'more on the top of it was just so good.  I don't know if I can try anything else when I come back.  Because all I want now is that Mexican Mac & Cheese and S'more cheesecake!
4	$3 drafts after 3.$3 draftsAfter 3.Honestly, I didn't know that was a thing when my boyfriend and me decided to randomly visit on a Friday afternoon. The place was dead when we walked in, which always makes me hesitant. Not this day. Which I had started with a lunch at Meat & Potatoes.The bartender was extremely friendly and, what do you know, he's a friend of Blake's, our favorite bartender at M&P (small world). Since we had just eaten, we didn't order anything off the menu so my review doesn't include that. I can't wait to go back and try some of their items, though.The design/layout was not at all about what I was expecting. It's nice and I love the blue and black colors. I didn't interact with the hostess or waiters/waitresses at all, but they all seemed friendly. Their draft selection was also much better than what I was expecting. What can I say? I don't think the North Shore's selection of bars and restaurants is anything to write home about, but BZ's could definitely change that, especially if the food is spot on.I enjoyed myself for the couple of hours we were there. Because we were the only patrons for at least an hour, hour and half we got to pick the music! Stone Temple Pilots station on Pandora. It's the little things, people.
4	Excited about the new place in the northside.  Finally have a place to drink Sunday night.  Great beer selection. Had a burger which was done extremely well. Only down side was no one was here.  People help support this bar.  Pirates season will be amazing but I don't want them to reduce the hours.  How many times were you looking for a chill place to eat and drink on a Sunday night.
3	The manager at BZ, Brandon, contacted me after my previous review.  I almost always access my account by phone so I didn't get around to writing back.  Today, he surprised myself and my coworker by delivering tons of food for us to try.  I was still skeptical - since everyone from my office who has eaten there has not been pleased - but I decided free food won't kill me.  He delivered spicy chicken salads, lamb salads (the dish we had last time), bruschetta, and hummus with pita.  So far, everyone loves it!  I have to say the salads are brimming with crisp lettuce, tender meat, and tasty veggies.  The bruschetta was pretty decent - likely better eaten fresh in the restaurant.  The hummus is so-so, but came with soft pita wedges and a trio of toppers that were delicious.  I have to say, the food is much improved.  Brandon seems like he truly wants to make BZ's better all around.  He reported to my coworker that they have revamped a lot of things since our last visit.  Now, we'll have to head over for Happy Hour to check out the service some night.  Thank you, Brandon!
5	Great addition to the North shore. As a foodie I enjoy their "Twisted Cuisine" menu. They offer appetizers and entree's that a typical "BAR" wouldn't dare to attempt, yet they still offer a very--I guess "American" menu, that I am sure will do well on North Shore game days.The Goat Cheese Crostini's that someone else pictured above are my go-to appetizer when visiting. If you need an excuse to go, I recommend them.Last night I had the Fish Sandwich they are offering everyday during Lent. It was probably the best I have had this season. My companion had the Chicken Marsala and gave me a bite with a lil bit of everything--it that had a great flavor to it.They are currently offering a dinner deal on both Facebook and http://www.midnightguru.com/Facebook - http://www.facebook.com/bzbarandgrillMidnightguru - http://www.midnightguru.com/deals.php
1	My experience here was sub-par to say the least.  We arrived late Sunday evening to take a family friend out for her 21st birthday.  There was maybe 15 people at the bar, staffed by 1 bartender, 1 waitress and 1 manager.  We ordered some drinks, and they took quite a long time to arrive..  Since the birthday girl was turning 21 at mid-nite and our 1st round took nearly 20 minutes to arrive, we asked 15 minutes before mid-nite for a round of shots..  15 minutes after mid-nite, we still had no drinks.  The excuse was 'sorry, we're busy...'   As we were told this,  I looked over to see the bar tender, leaning over the bar, chit chatting with his patrons...  I've worked in the food service industry, and I understand what good service is.  I am not hard to please, and generally don't complain about my service.   Let's just say that the service here was bad enough for me to create Yelp account.
2	First of all let me start off by saying, the stars have NO REFLECTION ON QUALITY OF FOOD. The food here is delicious and I have been here a number of time since its located right down the street from the office I work at. I have even brought a group of co-workers to experience the new bar in town and they too love the food....what we hate is THE SERVICE. Dont go by the specials on their sign because we saw the sign that said tuesday bbq and canned beer special and when we asked about it she said they had no special that day...You get seated quickly and your drink order gets put in and comes back out fast, your food order is also taken quickly but the wait for food in my opinion was a long wait. Considering we were there before the lunch rush and there were only about 5 other tables with people there for lunch. The staff, im not sure where the picked up the girls but they are awful, we would have bought more beer had she asked if ANYONE needed a refill. We all ate our food and finished our drinks and by the time she came back over she looked at the table and started taking plates and said "i will be back with the checks" not even enough time to stop her to ask for another drink so we didnt. Needless to say we wont be going for a happy hour stop off but the food is delicious. I wish the waiting staff would have done a better job so i could have given this place all the stars it deserves.
2	The bar is small but the service is good. I had a chance to sample bar food and probably the worst I have ever had. I don't understand how one can screw up a deep fried dish?? The cheese balls tasted like they were sitting out for days and reheated in the microwave .. And fried zucchini was even worse .. Bland no taste.  The establishment was clean but there was nothing exciting about it .. Not impressed and will not be back to visit ...
5	Great location! Great construction and set up, brand new bar, huge improvement from "Firewaters".  BZ will soon be the best bar/resturant on the North Shore. Open up those garage doors, fill the patio and entire bar with fans, pre games, games, and post gamers. Perfect location. Management staff is excellent, open, and friendly.  Great jod Brandon and Matt. This bar has great service and great food. Inovative items you must try. i.e. Turducken burger!  Great beer selection with inventive and wonderful mixed drinks. But the main reason I keep coming back is because of the excellant service and company of the two bartenders, Amanda and Brittney!  Those 2 are the best. The nights they tend bar are usually when BZ has its most customers. Props also need to be given to bartender Luke who is also a great addition to the mixologists behind the bar.  I have never been dissappointed by a visit to BZ.
5	I work across the street and there was no better way to unwind.... Brendon took good care of us!
5	This place is great.  I've worked on the northshore for years and they easily have the best happy hour.  Great beer selection, and good food.  The $6 burger and blt special on mondays are unreal.  The service is great and friendly.  Amanda is by far the best bartender on this side of the river if not the town. "
5	I have worked on the North Shore for 3+ years now and am thrilled that BZs came onto the scene.  I'm now a Monday regular for their $6 burgers/BLTs -- the Memphis Melt is a GREAT burger -- and I also love their individual-sized pizzas.  Happy hour is also awesome at BZ as they feature $3 drafts and have a very nice selection of draft beer.  Service?  Not sure what a few of the others were talking about with bad service -- but I eat here at least once (usually twice) per week and usually stop by for Happy Hour at least once per week -- and I've never had a bad experience.  Brittany is an awesome server -- order is always perfect -- and she's such a sweetheart!!  Amanda is also awesome behind the bar and always provides a positive atmosphere.  I couldn't be any happier that BZ joined the lunch scene -- they've certainly won me over!!
5	Went in the other day it was pretty busy for the pirate game, brendon was our bar tender, he suggested some great apps and also got me to even try the bacon vodka! will surely come back.
4	Stopped in this place because it is convenient to my work. I had heard mixed reviews but I always like to form my own opinions. Let me say I will definitely be going back. I'm so used to places where the food looks like it came right out of a bag or deep fryer. Not this place. My food was fresh with a 'just picked from the garden' feel. My server, Michael, was awesome with just the right amount of attentiveness. He suggested some great craft beers to compliment my meal. I would have drank more but it would have required a taxi. I will definitely be returning and saving room for what looks like awesome dessert!
4	I'm originally from Pittsburgh and went away to school in Columbus and just recently discovered bz's and I'm so glad I did. My friends and I decided to stop by after going downtown and we were all definitely pleased. The food came out hot and tasted awesome. Our server Michael was great  too, really attentive and personable. Definitely going back now that I'm home for good!
2	I would give the waitress a break being that it was a Pirates game and the area was crowed. But either the restaurant was understaffed which I truly believe was the issue, or the she was new. The section we sat in wasn't full but with two tables, including our own. The menu was interesting, they had a lot of new dishes I've never seen before, mixed with some favorites. I really can't be a critic with the menu as I am not use to the type of items they were serving. I only ordered appetizers, but my tacos weren't bad, and the fries were really good.
2	I was pretty excited to check this place out last Friday, and enjoyed it while I was there. The service and food were both pretty good, and I really enjoyed the venue and the crowd. However, both my friend and I both ordered the pulled pork sliders and we both got sick later that night. That is enough to keep me from coming back.
1	Worst food ever!!!! It taste horrible and it took forever!!!! We were going to the baseball game , We had kids with us and by the time they finally brought the disgusting  food out they were restless. Bz also brought all the food late, and at one time, including appetizers and meal. On top of all that they didn't bring one of the kids meals untill about 5-10 mins of us already having our food. Our food was cold when it did finally come out the order was messed up. The manger did take money off our bill for all the mix up. But take it from me, save your money and time. It was a horrible experience and the food was horrible as well. I will never eat there again !!!
4	good atmosphere pre game.  seemed solid to me. good burger, fries and beer.  wasnt overly crowded so maybe a lot of the complaints about service were not seen by me.
4	Lots to love, here. Really amazing happy hour (extended on Wednesday and Friday!). Nice selection of beer and wine make it perfect for pre-Pirates games, and sitting outside will get you a view of all the action. Inside, the bar is spacious and there are plenty of flat-screens - definitely a sports bar! The menu has generously portioned apps plus some vegetarian friendly fare on top of normal pub grub. Also, great bloody mary bar on Sunday!
5	Went in just to watch a Pens game on a Thursday night and the place wasn't busy at all. They have  a great craft beer selection (all drafts are $3 during happy hour!) and the service is friendly and quick. Plus...I was expecting normal bar food, but upon ordering I was happily surprised by the fantastic menu selection - I wanted to try everything. I eventually chose the Turducken Burger on a recommendation from the bartender (turkey burger, duck confit, arugula, and aioli) and it was AMAZING. Highly recommended. My boyfriend had the Lo Country Mac n Cheese (with fried chicken) which was incredible as well. Another friend got the duck tacos which were also good, but maybe had too much sauce and were the least impressive of the the dishes we tried. Overall, great service, amazing food, and tons of great local and regional craft beers (in addition to the typical domestics). A classy, bright spot in the North Shore.
5	I've been to this place quite a few times and haven't sat down to write a review yet, so here it goes!! I've never eaten anything I did not like from here. Some favorites are the crabby Mac and cheese, turducken burger, shrimp scampi, and the BLT's....oh,and the duck sliders and goat cheese crostinis and fried shrimp. Yes I go there OFTEN! It gets busy before a game so the food may take a little longer on game day, but I've been there before a game and had the food come out quick more often than not. and other places on the north shore may take an hour to two hours to get food out! To top it all off, their food is FRESH. No frozen or pre made garbage, just good, made from scratch food, they even smoke their own brisket! Love this place!
5	Was here yet again the other day and got to try some things I haven't had yet. HOLY CRAP, the mushroom ravioli is AMAZING!!!!!!!!! I almost got another to go and am wishing I did right now!!! Also got to try the brisket, my boyfriend got it, it was sooooo good and I love that they smoke their own meat!
1	One of the worst service experiences. We were seated outside at a dirty table which the hostess starters to clean but stopped midway. When the server came over, she knocked over a dirty water glass and spilt water all over my phone and jeans. She left broken glass at our table. She offered to buy us a round of beers. 20 minutes later she came back without any drinks. She took our orders. Another 20 minutes before any beers. (There are still dirty glasses and bottles from the previous customers). The table was cleared and wiped almost an hour into us being there. When she finally brought our check, it had incorrect charges or thing a we never purchased and those beers she offered for spilling things - she charged us for. It was a busy night and they seemed short staffed but broken glass, spilled water, and a waitress more interested in talking to her roommates that stopped by made for a very unpleasant experience.
1	Just awful. I ordered a dirty martni because their logo has a martini glass on it. I figured that's what they specialize in. I asked for it to be chilled with 2 olives. Well my order must have been too complicated because they served it in a beer glass. Nice and warm. No olives. I chalked it up to maybe a miscommunication. Some how... So instead of seeing the signs and leaving I ordered some food. Do not get their lump crab Mac and cheese. They are really just serving TUNA. I do not recommend this place for food or drinks.
5	Amazing food and very friendly service. A big shout to Holly! She is awesome!!!! Bartender extraordinaire.... and don't forget the Plethora of beer choices. This is my first time in Pittsburg but I sure know where to hang out next time
4	This place is a sports bar so there's not really much to report on here.  The wings are excellent and so are the tacos. The quality of service here changes like the seasons. Some days it's hot and some days it's cold.
3	Hmmm. Not sure how to rate them. The bedded duck pizza was a bit salty (they used feta instead of the advertised goat cheese). I liked the spinach artichoke dip, and the turducken burger was pretty good. My dessert was supposed to be a fresh fruit trifle, but it was nothing special since it was just yogurt and blueberries. The decor was nice. Service was so-so. I had a bite of darren's cheesecake, and it was really good. BZ's is just a little inconsistent.
1	Just went there tonight. No one at the door,  sat ourselves. No one came to wait on us; fine we will sit at the bar. Sat for literally 15 minutes after female bartender gave us a menu and waited on a christmas party and did not come back. Got up and went across the street to Mullens where the waitress not only immediately got us drinks but FOOD ALSO!  We ere just a couple of girls looking for a bite to eat;  never again will we go to this place.
3	Just moving into the area, I came across this place and thought that BZ could be my nice little new hangout to come to after a long days work to catch a game and grab a few cheap beers. It does seem like a fitting place, but it kind of pissed me off when I went in there last night. Every single TV at the bar was tuned to March Madness and all I wanted to do was watch the Pens game. I kindly asked the bar keep if he could switch a TV for me to the Pens game and he said its on that TV over there. So one TV in the corner of the restaurant had the game on it and you couldn't even of sat at the bar to see what was happening on it. I could have understood more if the place was jam packed with people wanting to watch the March Madness games, but on a Thursday night at 9pm and only 3 people at the bar and a few TV's even showing the same game, I shoot the bar keep a look like really bud? But lo and behold the Pens game was still not put on so I had to squint with my eyes across the whole restaurant to watch. I thought about leaving and going next door to the Beermarket cause it was just one of those days and the majority of their TVs in there had the Pens game on when I walked by, but who wants to pay 6-8$ for a cold one...That being said, they did have a cheep Miller Light 2$ ponder on special for March Madness so after a few of those my mood lightened up a bit. I also ordered a plethora of food throughout the evening. I started off with some wings, ehhh I'll pass next time. Pretty generic wing and hot sauce all around there. Plus for $11 I'd like to get more than ten pieces...Next up was the Truffle Fries. They were sprinkled with truffle oil, parsley, Parmesan cheese and some kind of lemon butter spread. Honestly I scarfed these down pretty quickly. They were delicious! Finally I settled on the Beef Sliders which were equally as good as the fries. Besides being a little pouty about the Pens game not being able to be put on, I'll continue to come back here again since its within walking distance of my place and try some of the other sandwiches, burgers, and apps on the menus. Being a hot wing kind of guy, I think I'll pass on their wings though as they seemed pretty generic, but they do have a nice liquor and cocktail bar menu with a ton of drafts on hand if that's more your thing too. I'm sure this is a cool place to come and pregame for before a Steelers or Pirates game as well.I'd give this place a 3.5 if I could...Its not bad, its not great...but it could be better.May your drink always stay cold!Yours truly, the Shaw....
5	Our experience at BZ was awesome. Edward our server was extremely attentive. They had recently changed their menu and while he didn't have a favorite from the new menu, he chose a few of his favorites from before. We started with the truffle fries and really enjoyed them. They had great flavor and were extremely crispy, just they way I like them. My boyfriend got the turducken burger and Mac and cheese, which he said was awesome. I got the Memphis BBQ burger and it was cooked to perfection. I would absolutely recommend BZ to anyone visiting Pittsburgh. It was easy to find and right across from PNC Park.
3	This place is in a great location on the North Shore by the Stadiums and Beer Market but their menu is disappointing.  We went in hoping to order a few appetizers and they do not have much too choose from-fries, cheese sticks, bruschetta and that was about it.  The menu is just ok and we opted out of ordering appetizers and my date instead ordered the BLT sandwich with avocado.  The fries it came with were cold and McDonald quality.  The redeeming quality about this place is the beer list!  Lots of great beers on draft and bottle. I went with the Summer Shandy.  Our waitress was great and it wasn't too crowded for a Saturday night.
5	So glad I came back to find a NEW MENU! Not that there was anything wrong with the other one, but this one has fries with crawfish and gravy and cheese that were AMAZING! Also got crawfish bites that were good, go light on dunking in the yummy remounted, and another new favorite, and super hearty vegetarian dish (I'm NOT vegetarian), was a portabella entree. It was country fried I believe, with gravy and potatoes and "angry corn", LOVED IT
4	Loved the server and California chicken club was filling, bit overpriced but would go back again
3	We were visiting the PNC Park for the first time and stopped here for lunch before the game. It was crazy busy, but our server did a great job taking care of us. I had the Cobb salad and thought it was very good. My son ordered the Mexican Mac n cheese and it was just ok - it reminded us of hamburger helper which is not what we had expected. They were out of the duck (this was strange since they had just opened, so that was certainly a negative) so couldn't order the duck pizza. My soon to be daughter-in-law chose the fungi pizza instead. None of us liked the name, but we did like the pizza. My daughter had the fries and burger and thought both were good. Hubby declared the BLT was ok.
3	Poor North Shore. I want so badly for it to be awesome... including this place. But I left feeling just okay about it. Actually totally loved the Turkey burger I ordered. After I fixed what I had noted to the server to leave off...Wanted to make it even better with some extra BBQ sauce, but after asking, and waiting... and waiting some more, it finally came! I also waited a while for refills. Just not the best service.The side salad was pretty boring. Iceberg lettuce with unripe tomatoes and a few pieces of onion. I'd opt to just not serve tomatoes this time of year and replace it with something else, but I'm being nitpicky. We also ordered the s'mores cheesecake, as it was free from the Yelp check-in! I was super pumped, as I love both s'mores and cheesecake. The marshmallows on top were toasted perfection, and while the cake was good, it seemed like it was missing something. Not rich and cheesy enough, maybe? Crust was awesome though! Much hipper inside than I imagined from the name. I definitely wouldn't be opposed to stopping in here before a game.
4	Been there twice for lunch during business hours, service is always fast and friendly, had the same young lady each time, really attentive and nice.Have had their Turducken Burger, California Chicken Club, and Buffalo Chicken Soup... always tastes good and fresh, the soup is def ambitious, but a bit odd.Overall I would recommend for anybody in the area, they are really great about rotating the business lunch crowd and prices are very good
5	In town for the weekend to catch a couple of Phillies Pirates games and stopped in with the wife for lunch. Lots of places nearby but glad we came here. Great beer specials on game days ($12 for a bucket), free desert with Yelp check-in and very reasonably priced entrees. Wife had the border town BLT and raved about the bacon. Apparently they smoke it on-site. I had the Big Tex sandwich and it was amazing! Smokey brisket (also done in-house, of course), pickled red onions, cheddar cheese and spicy mustard on a soft chewy roll. Wow. Seriously one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Both our meals came with shoestring fries that were golden and crispy with just the right amount of salt and pepper. For our (FREE) desert we had the s'mores cheesecake and it was super awesome. Chocolate chip cheesecake covered with toasted marshmallows and chocolate sauce. So good.Manager checked in on us and made sure everything was good, which it was. Service was quick and friendly, too. Highly recommend!
3	I would go with 3 1/2 stars for this one! The location is great, right near PNC park! I love that they have live music, the night I was there was a two man group doing acoustic with a wide range and they took requests! Outdoor seating and TV's to watch games. Service is friendly and helpful. They make a good martini, complete with blue cheese stuffed olives and I would recommend the Duck Confit sliders with cranberry--yummy. The bread is not so hot, store bought but I ate mostly the duck which was yummy. My friend got a salad which was good. Great spot for before or after game!
4	Good food: tried a burger: well cooked, good state, liked the originally of the recipe. They have a decent selection of beers on tap. Service is OK. The only complaint I can make is about the noise level: they blast TV, I guess it is part of the ambiance. I would not bring a first ate there for sure.
4	It's a nice place specially on game days and during summer since you can sit outside. The food is just normal pub food, very normal quality but it's a nice place to drink.
5	Arrived in the city late on a Sunday and I was starving. The staff was amazing and super helpful. The place was super clean and I look for that. I had the hummus for an appetizer and it was awesome. I had the cucumbers and that was a good choice. The chicken Marsla was delicious. Not sure why this place isn't rated any higher. Good work, BZ's.
1	Horrible. I signed up for yelp just to give this review. I waited almost an hour for a simple burger. The burger was not good at all. I also tried my boyfriends, and it was far from good. The fries weren't even good...hard to mess up fries. Waste of money.!
2	BZ's is very meh.  The staff was ok, but not overly excited to assist their customers.  It appeared we received a little better service than other couples near us.  I ordered a Bud Light and the waiter had to actually check they hadn't run out.  Yes, he was concerned they had run out of beer around 4pm with a night game about to start across the street.  A waitress waiting a large group next to us actually dropped a credit card on the ground and had I not picked it up and gave it to our waiter, who knows what charges that poor gentleman would have received.  I feel that a little more attentive staff could turn this place around for me.  I tried the cordon blue chicken sliders.  They were good...not great.  My wife ordered the mozzarella cheese "sticks"  which are actually balls filled with a water like substance when you bite into them.  They also place the balls in a funnel shaped "bowl" with very questionable shredded lettuce on the bottom which in return, made the "cheese sticks" taste like an awful salad.  I would recommend avoiding the so called cheese sticks.  We left shortly after to find another place before we went to the ball game,.  It's not that I would never go back, but with several other options in the area, why would I.  If I knew that the service would improve, I would give it another try.
4	After kayaking... all you want is water, food, and rest. With that kind of desperation, it's not a tough order to fill. Right down the street from the North Shore rental place, BZ's was our answer. We were a group of 13 on a Saturday off-rush hour afternoon, so we pretty much had the place to ourselves. They let us push the tables together into one long one with the wall seats. [ Service ]Pretty friendly, but struggled with the size of our group. Food took around an hour to come out for all of us. There were some switch-ups, where someone got the wrong drink (which cost $2 more, and she was charged for it) and another person got the wrong entree (but we got the wrong one for free). I also asked about a Yelp check-in deal to get a free dessert with my meal, but the server never got back to me after asking his manager. [ Food ]This is where BZ's does really well! I had the turducken burger, and it was tender, juicy, and well-seasoned. There were plenty of fries that came with it, and they were also tasty and crisp. Someone next to me got a beautiful salad with blackberries, and I think everyone loved their food. If you're willing to wait, you'll get pretty good  food. I think the service would be suitable for two people, but 13 was definitely our unlucky number.
4	Good food and good value as well. Go on Tuesday for $5 sandwiches and discounted beer.
4	I know poutin - I've been to Montreal enough times to know that pile of gravy, cheesy sinful goodness.  What they served at BZ's was not poutin (it's gotta come with cheese curds, not shredded mozzarella and the gravy tasted like it came out of a jar), but the fries were damn good. I ordered the turducken and swapped out the turkey burger for beef (because medium rare beef tastes better with duck confit and a runny egg).  I was nervous coming in, but lunch was quite serviceable, they had plenty of craft beers on tap, and every ESPN channel running on each TV.
