5	They are turning this into the El Cortez Cabana Suites- as of this date they were preparing to open it looks awesome!!! This is what it was called before they renovated it:The Ogden House, a 102-room hotel that serves as an overflow for the El Cortez hotel, is now under renovation.It will be renamed as the El Cortez Cabana Suites. El Cortez managers told the board they are spending about $6.4 million, or about $100,000 per room, on the upgrades."We like the history value of it," Nolan said. "But we are continuing to modernize it."CAN'T WAIT THE EL CORTEZ ROCKSS!!!
3	The El Cortez Cabana Suites is not too shabby!! I found out about this hotel from my Budget Traveler Magazine! They had a spread on budget Vegas! So I thought I would give it a try...a fairly new hotel in Downtown Vegas for only $80 on a Saturday night. Save money on a place to sleep will give me more money to eat and drink! You'll have to check in at the old El Cortez, which is just across the street. The old El Cortez is filled with old old people who smoke a whole lot. Upon walking in, my asthma started kicking in and the smoke smell stuck to my hair. Ick....minus one star! The parking situation...you have two parking structures to chose from, both are across the street...not connected to the small hotel....minus one star! The hotel itself has pretty good security, you have to swipe your room key to get in. The lobby is super cute, very art deco-ish...it reminded me of the small boutique hotels in Miami. There is no casino in the Cabana Suites, so it's pretty smoke free which is nice for a change. The room was super cute. I liked the bright green walls against the black and white furniture. The TV was a flat screen, the bed was nice and big but not so comfy like the Hard Rock Hotel. The bathroom...I wasn't a big fan, small shower with a leaky door. The sink was nice, but not enough space to put all your toiletries.Also the walls are a bit thin...across the street there was a band playing wonderful 80s rock music...which I was diggin' at first. But when coming back to sleep at 3am...the music was still going strong and it was loud in the room! So all together, my stay here wasn't too bad. For the price...I had a pleasant stay...it's good if you want to save some money and still have a nice clean fairly new place to sleep in Vegas!
3	El Cortez has expanded to Suites across the street, and instead of offering more of the same they've made an alterna-cortez.  Different styling, bigger bathroom, newer everything.  Ipod decks in the rooms and free candy in the key-card-only lobby.  Work off that candy in the adjoining, mostly cardio exercise room stocked with fresh fruit.  It's small, but nice to have around.The Cabana Suites do the boutique-y thing fine.  Personally, I prefer ElCo main building across the street, mostly for its character:  The suites aim for cool, but the tower rooms have warmth.  My suite had a single window with a view of the parking garage; the tower rooms win there.  Plus I prefer the tower rooms' sitting areas and desks to suites' more spacious bathrooms.  Hopefully you've got enough info to know whether you'd rather go for the suites' amenities or the tower rooms' old school vibe.  (Note that I didn't notice smoke in either the suites or the tower rooms, but the nonsmoking vintage room at a previous stay was a much different story.)
4	For $50 a night (found on a hotels discount site), this is a deal! Don't be afraid when you check in at the smoke filled casino of the old El Cortez. Don't worry when the clerk gives you less that stellar service and tells you to go out the door and across the street. When you arrive at the Cabana Suites you'll be greeted by the friendliest security and front desk attendant. There's a great little work out room with ice cold water all day and all night long and candy in the funky lobby. The room itself is pretty spacious with a stand up shower, Kohler sink/toilet and a flat screen TV, fridge, safe and HUGE bed. The only downer is the really loud outside club across the street, but they shut down at 3am, so not to worry, you'll probably just be getting in from your shenanigans yourself, right? If you can, ask for a room on a higher level. We were on the second, and you could see the street from the room. Likely making peeping Tom's happy, but really not my style. If you want a quieter stay away from the lights of the strip, this is a good choice. And if you want a yard long margarita, or a $1 Sailor Jerry's and Coke, well those are within stumbling distance on Freemont too!
3	Green walls, Green walls, black carpets, funky furniture,loved it so stayed here last year on St. Patty's day, the walls are green, enough said! That was my only reason for trying this new property which was built from the ground up, used to be the Ogden House which was more like a homeless shelter for rent, anyhow glad that place is history! This place is awesome! I would stay here again, my Jr. Suite was $45 bucks for the night booked directly through the property in advance.Key note: check in desk is at the old school El Cortez across the street, park at El Cortez as well in their parking structure.Loved the room, nostolgic meets goth combo, very exciting!Would love to go back and use the room as a background for a hot photo shoot! Lots of fun things to do in these rooms!The air conditioner is right next to the bed! Ice cold, mmmmm love to jump in to a nice ice cold bed with ice cold sheets after a night of partying it up! Not joking or being sarcastic, I really do...Stay here on St. Patty's day and do the downtown fremont experience! I will be doing it again next year. Take some freaky pictures with the green walls, and crazy furniture :)
4	Thank god this place was non smoking.One breath of cancer air down at the lobby was enough to make me bolt in search of supplemental oxygen.Yuk!Our suite was pretty A-OK for the price. A bar fridge to store the Gatorade in to aid the hangovers, and all the free filtered water you could ask for down in the respectable workout room. The club across the street was pretty loud with an outdoor "concert" into the wee hours one night. But oh well. Can't complain. We should have just joined in the festivities. What the hell were we doing trying to sleep before 3am. anyways? Duh!Friendly staff downstairs at all hours, and a security guard posted at the door too. So it was pretty secure I guess. Not sure why they needed all the heat?
5	We've stayed at the El Cortez quite a few times because it's cheap, right downtown, and great for people watching. This is how I like Las Vegas. A little bit seedy & sketchy. Screw that fancy, gaudy, touristy stuff on the strip. I DO like a super clean and nicely decorated room though. We will stay in the Cabana Suites from now on, we were so impressed. * Friendly front desk * Giant glass containers of free candy in lobby * Double sink in bathroom * Fridge * Iron and full size ironing board * Comfortable bed and pillows * iPod dock
4	Stayed here during the Electric Daisy Carnival. The cheapest price I've ever had in Vegas: 4 Days; 3 nights = $64 dollars.Loved the look of the place from the lobby to the room.  They even had a big tub of hot tamales for people to grab. PERFECT.Nice bathroom, comfortable bed, mini fridge, internet (paid), a little gym and it was the perfect location for us since our shuttles to the speedway were located next to the Golden Nugget.  Downside: no pool.PLUS, Freemont street really is a fun spot at night, prices for Downtown are all significantly cheaper than on the strip and $20 gets you a 3-Day Shuttle pass up and down the strip.  For the budget conscious Vegas-goer, this place is a MUST.   Cause let's be honest, when you're in Vegas how much time are you really spending in your room?
1	So I reserved a room online on EL Cortez site for my 31st Birthday, 3 weeks in advance. I show up on the day of my reservation(saturday at 5pm) and the front desk attendant indicates they overbooked and are sold out of cabana suites. What! I made this reservation 3 weeks in advance and yeah its my Birthday. (like that matters but still) I get a oh I'm sorry we can put you in our tower rooms with a $25 food credit. What really!? LIke I want to eat at this place, I just want a room in the cabana suites! I dont care about your hotel, I only am staying here because of the cabana suites. SO if you book a room I'd call them the time of check in or go there AT check in so you get a room. GRRRRR.
5	This is a really charming little option just off Fremont.  It's across the street from the El Cortez.  They took a nondescript building and made it into a modest boutique hotel.The lobby and rooms are modern and downright hip for Downtown Vegas.If you love gambling downtown, but you also care about having more than a bed and some blackout curtains while you're there, I highly recommend this.  Rooms are generally only about $20/nt higher than regular rooms at the El Cortez.One caveat: Rooms are a bit small.  If you want bigger rooms, stay in the main hotel in the Tower.  If you want chic and modern and an alarm clock with an iPod dock, stay here.Small gym on the 1st floor is surprisingly nice and well-equipped.  It's small, but not heavily used.  If you're staying at the El Cortez, you can also pop over here to use the gym at Cabana Suites.
2	Great funky style... We USED to recommend it. It pains me to write this review, because the Cortez tried so hard. However, there is a new latin club adjacent to the Cabana suites; and their loud music goes into the AM almost every night of the week. I know this is hard to fix, but a hotel room in which you cannot sleep, isn't much of a room. Should that issue ever be fixed, they would have a return customer for years to come.
5	Stayed here for our 11-11-11 wedding, (just us two). Loved it. Rooms are so cute, big, clean, an good prices. Super quiet. Good location, just walk through the main casino and out to Fremont street. Even the shampoo and conditioner are good! That never happens! And check out is not until noon. We will stay here every time we visit.
3	Okay I've stayed here twice now so it's time to comment. Overall, I like the cabana suites but there are some pros and cons. Pros: Very modern and comfortable rooms, beautiful decor, amazing lobby with freebies (water, candy), TVs, and a friendly staff. Price.Cons: No view! The view is so unsightly that they painted a translucent stripe over the windows so you can see light but not focus on the outside. You have to walk outside from the El Cortez  to get here and cross a street (but security is always there watching). Small rooms. Not much room to spread out here and no desk. Oh there's sort of a desk but trust me...when you see it you'll agree...that's not really a desk. Having stayed twice, I'd certainly come back because the above cons don't bother me. I'm not in Vegas to sit at a desk or spread out or peer out my window. So I'm a fan. And as long as you're aware of the conditions I've listed above and you're okay with them, you'll enjoy the El Cortez Cabana Suites very much. The extra "service with a smile" really sets the whole place apart, in my opinion.This is not my first choice, but it can be the right one depending on your budget and what you're looking for.
4	I originally wrote this on the El Cortez Hotel Yelp page, but since they have their own page now, here is the review:The best hotel I've ever stayed in for under $100! My boyfriend and I were attending the scooter rally downtown and this location was perfect. Everything about the hotel was beautifully decorated and well maintained. Free parking across the street, no need to walk through smoky/stuffy lobbies, 24-hour secured entrance, friendly lobby staff that greet us all the time, free/different candy daily. The lobby, elevator, and hallway all were decorated with taste.Room: We stayed in the Junior Suite. Very spacious, still had that new hotel smell, green walls were relaxing, flat screen HD TV on the wall, cute vintage-inspired furniture, soft low lighting (that's what I prefer), comfortable bed with clean bed sheets (not that quilt cover that other hotels don't wash), black and white tiled bathroom, mini fridge, and my favorite part of the mini bar was was a little tin called the "intimacy kit", but no thanks I brought my own! Window view was of the quiet street.The neighbor hood is downtown, not a lot to do, but the Fremont Experience is very close. Unsure about the locals and the NASCAR fans were in the same area that weekend.**DOWNSIDES**$150 deposit that you'll get back in 5-10 days. Why does it take so long?! Plus, my room rate went up without the hotel notifying me- I had to find this out on my own. They said the rate went up because of NASCAR weekend, but I booked early through the internet. I called at the manager and he was able to adjust my rate back without any hassle
4	Ahh yes, the Cabana Suites. Pretty awesome room, I loved the decor. Honestly, I picked this place just for the room decor ;) You don't really spend much time in hotel rooms in Vegas anyway!It was a little off Fremont St, which was nice so we didn't have to listen to white trash drunkards all night. It was right across the street from the El Cortez where we like to gamble, so that made it central for us.The front desk person was friendly yet quiet and the security guard that stood at the front of the building was always friendly. Not really any qualms about this place at all. Don't know that I'd stay here again just because I have vowed to avoid Fremont St any time I'm in Vegas now.. it's changed..
4	The room is great and very large with a huge flatscreen and the shower can easily fit a family of four. Mini-fridge is nice and couch is an unusual touch in hotel room. Book this on Vegas.com and you might get Buy 1, Get 1 free night like I did. OK, all these reviews mention candy and water. Yes, they have them in the room, but it's not free and its the usual overpriced stuff. Not so sure about friendly security guards and front desk either. I think that depends on if you are friendly first. They do offer free apples and pears. Very quiet rooms too, but don't make a left turn out of hotel or else you will be in the heart of Loserville. It's also fun to totally ignore the bums asking for change and not even acknowledge their presence. The only reason they are talking to me is for money. It's the small things that make me happy in life.
4	I was here in June for some meetings in downtown Vegas, and our host suggested this hotel. I'd never stayed near Fremont before, and I'd heard the old section was a bit run down. Imagine my happy surprise about the ECC Suites!You check in across the street at the El Cortez, which is dark, smoky and dated. But head across the street to the Cabana Suites and it's a completely different vibe! Lobby is light, spacious and well-designed, and has a giant container of M&Ms. Employees are very friendly and helpful.The room was small but stylish. The bathroom was also well done and the shower had good water pressure. I was in the smallest of the suites, so I couldn't sit at the desk--not ideal--but I also understand most people aren't working in LV.It's not as posh as some other hotels I've been to, but a great value and very clean. I'd definitely stay here again for an off-strip experience.
5	Very clean rooms, comfy bed, fridge and giant shower all at an incredibly cheap price. I will be back.
4	This is the first place we have stayed "off strip". If you are looking for a budget hotel this place rocks. The rooms, although small, were very clean and comfortable. The bright green, black, and white decor probably isn't for everyone..but we liked it. The prices can't be beat and the location (short walk from Fremont) wasn't a problem.The casino is quite old, and has that funky old cigarette/recycled air smell, but that is to be expected in such an old hotel. We ate at the 24 hour restauant attached to the casino and found the food to be pretty tasty..even at 2am.All in all a great cheap and convenient spot in the Fremont area, we will be back.
3	*INEXPENSIVE*I've been visiting Vegas since I was in diapers so I'm over the strip, club/party scene. I just come to hang out and this is the (I dont want to say perfect but insert something synonymous yet slightly inferior here) place to crash. I usually get the super suite. Nice size bathroom, spacious room (you dont feel like you're in a box) the flatscreen TV is a plus if you're into that (I dont watch tv)
5	Loved staying here as my first trip into Vegas.The rooms were all vampy and newish. I loved it. The green headboard behind the bed and the little kneeling thingy at the foot of the bed!I had to call my sister back in Sydney Australia so that I could skype the room to her!My only embarrassing moment came when after 13 hour flight and 5 hours on a greyhound all I wanted was a hot shower. And I couldn't figure out how to make the shower tap get hot water out.A shameful call to reception, the woman laughed at me, which was fine. I was laughing at myself at this point! And if I hadn't been laughing I think I'd be crying as all I wanted was a hot shower and bed!The lovely engineer guy came up and didn't bat at eyelid at the weird Australian woman in her towel looking totally dejected at the shower and showed me how to turn the hot water on. I couldn't get him out of the room quick enough so I could have my shower!Thank you lovely man for making me the happiest Australian in the joint!
3	If you are staying off of Fremont Street then this is not a bad option. It is clean and painted brightly- greens and blues with a lot of white and black in between. The  front desk attendant told me the owner's daughter decorated it and wanted it to be- reminiscent of where they stayed on their family vacations to Miami. The beds were comfy however the sheets are not fitted so they kept coming loose and there was no comforter - just a black blanket between 2 sheets which also kept coming loose.  But the bed was big enough for the two of us. There was also a good sized shower and I liked the extra shelf space. The towels are small and rough but the shampoo and body wash are smell nice - aloe, lavender and rosehip. There is also Fiji water for $2 a bottle in the room - a deal and snacks between $3-$5 dollars (nuts, candy, cookies) along with an intimacy kit available for $6 or $8 that includes lube, condoms and I am not sure what else because if you break the seal you buy it!There is a tiny gym - think treadmill and one or 2 other pieces and they have water and fruit available. The lobby also has fruit - apples, pears, bananas and oranges along with a candy jar - something for everyone. Nice after a rough evening.They will also print your boarding passes for you unless you are flying Spirit Air - for some reason it crashes their computer system. I appreciated the yelp tip about asking for a room on a higher level - thanks for that as it was spot on. The cabana suites only have king beds so only good for 1 or 2 people only. The double beds are across the street at the El Cortez but I would not recommend staying there.
3	El Cortez is less than one block walking distance from Fremont Street. I used to valet my car there when I went to bars downtown. The casino isn't big but they have penny slots! It's nice and cozy and I always feel welcome.
4	Crashed here on a recent trip to Vegas.  My friend was turning 30 and through a club-owner connection we got comped rooms at the El Cortez in the Cabana building.  These are the newer, recently renovated rooms.  Honestly, even if we didn't have comped rooms, I think the highest price we heard was maybe $160 for a night?  Not bad, especially considering the proximity to Fremont. The building has key-card access from the outside which leads to a front desk.  Rooms were clean and spacious.  Kind of has the layout of an old school motel that has been massively updated.  Rooms were a bright green color.  Modern shower/sinks.  Surprisingly powerful hairdryer for a hotel.  Beds were clean and cozy, although there are no dual-queen room options in the Cabana, only King size beds so if you're going with friends make sure you don't mind snuggling!  Haha.Goodies available on the counter and there were a couple chairs and ottomans that provided some extra seating space other than the bed.  The only annoying part about the room was how quickly and heavily the roomdoors shut (so if a lot of people are up late, you will hear tons of doors going SLAM!!!).A great place to crash AND they have checkout time at noon.  Love it.
5	I was comped a few nights here after playing a couple hours of blackjack and tried both the regular hotel and the Cabana sweets. I highly recommend the Cabana's - the room was clean and beautiful. The AC worked great, huge TV, comfortable bed, amazing shower etc etc.. A very good room for the price (if you have to pay it!) and in a great location for hitting up all the real downtown casinos.
4	Stayed at the El Cortez Cabana Suites on a recent trip to Las Vegas. The hotel is housed in a separate building from the rest of the El Cortez - basically across of Ogden. Check-in occurs at the El Cortez's lobby, which is a short walk from the parking garage and EC Cabana Suites entrance. Security is constantly present to ensure that the walk is not too intimidating. You will need your room key to gain access to the EC Cabana Suites building. Upon entering, you are greeted with a cool looking lobby with couches, a tv, and a few other amenities. Elevators are to the left, the fitness center is down the hallway, and so is the ice bucket. I booked a Super Suite room, but I'm not so sure that it was worth it. The room is big, but a lot of it is just empty space. The room itself is a funky green color, which took a little getting use to, and eventually grew on us. The bathroom was very elegant and clean, and had a large shower stall. The room had a king bed, and a large lcd tv. For the low low price of just 35 a night upgrade, the EC Cabana Suites is quite the bargain - I've spent more on Motel 6's per night than this place!  If you are looking for a premium room product, at a bargain basement price, the El Cortez Cabana Suite is for you! Location: Overall, the El Cortez's location does feel a little disconnected from the rest of downtown (Fremont Street Experience). It is located about a block away from the canopy. It is, however, located within the Fremont East Arts District, which had its pluses and minuses. While this area does feel (at times) like it is turning the corner (bars, hipster coffee shops, restaurants), it still has a ways to go (too many beggars and drunks roaming around).
1	Sigh. I liked the look of the Cabana Suites from afar, but I suppose the price should have let me know not to expect anything. We booked a junior suite for one night so we'd have an easy place to crash after a party for work, so my only expectation was a clean bed and reasonably good service. When we got to our room, the bed was stripped except for a dirty, scratchy blanket, and the pillows were on the floor. There was random hair all over the mattress. The bathroom was also dirty and lacked soap, but it did have a bonus used towel from the last guest.I am not a complainer, but I did hope to get some sheets, so I called the front desk from the room's phone. This rang the registration desk at the El Cortez rather than the desk at the Cabana Suites, and the woman answered with, "I have a very long line. How may I help you?"  I told  her I could hold, and she suggested I speak to the desk at the Cabana Suites, which is what I was going for anyway, so I said thanks and waited to be transferred, but she just hung up. With that, we headed out for dinner, and stopped at the front desk to request sheets. The two ladies there were very friendly, and reacted with disbelief. They immediately called housekeeping. While one woman was on the phone, the other told us to go ahead, and we'd get sheets before we returned. This was around 5:00 p.m. At about 1:00 am, we returned to the room in its original state. My husband called the desk again, and they said they'd deliver sheets so we could make our own bed. Thanks, El Cortez! With that, I called the desk again and said we would just like to check out and get a refund. The woman was not authorized to give us a refund, but would leave a note. She also let me know that they were going to upgrade us to a super suite earlier, but since we took off, they couldn't get ahold of us. I found that amusing, since they had my number, no one called, and instead of mentioning that upgrade when we asked for sheets the second time, she just offered for us to make our bed and sleep in our dirty room.Unfortunately, beauty is only skin deep in this case, and even the snazzy interior is already showing signs of its budget reality. Lesson learned!
3	This was my third time staying here, but since opening a few years ago, things have gone downhill for this hotelI booked on January 2, 2013 for a Cabana Junior Suite - King (medium size room) on their web, but upon arrival on March 1, 2013, I checked into the room to find that they gave me a Deluxe Room, which was too small and I purposing was trying to avoid this room. I went back to the reception and the clerk said the hotel was sold out and could not give me the medium sized room. At the time of check in, she did not notify me of this change. My two friends also booked the Junior Suite at the same time, but they were not moved into a smaller room. I have enjoyed staying here the last few years, but because of this, I will not be returning.
2	I thought this hotel would be a good idea. It certainly looks nice. However, our room had bed bugs in it, and we were bitten multiple times. They first treated us very suspiciously, until their security actually saw the bed bugs. They moved us into a room that was ever so slightly larger, however the bed was smaller. They made me sign a thing saying I hadn't been bitten. Little did I know that BED BUG BITES CAN TAKE UP TO 2 WEEKS TO APPEAR! Nice one. Very shady. The assistant manager claimed to have no idea what they were when I showed her. The other assistant manager LITERALLY walked away from me while I was talking to her. I never met the actual "manager manager", I think he was out of town, presumably the first manager was trying to keep him from finding out about this incident. They gave us a $40 food credit, which was not enough to eat at their real restaurant, so we ate at their cafe. BAD IDEA. The cafe was the most depressing and unsettling place I've ever dinned at. It was like we were in The Shining for a minute there.The room, as I said, looks nice, but I can assure you that we never slept well, worried that the bugs had gotten into our suitcases and into the new room. Also did I mention that the bed in the new room was smaller. Also, the second floor facing north has all the windows covered in privacy plastic stuff to obstruct the view of the crackhead hotel next door. Also, the cable (satellite I'm guessing) didn't work well on most of the channels.We drove in my Van, which had to be parked in the bottom part of the parking structure because thing is so old, it was built before people had cars over 7 feet tall. On Saturday, we went out and when we came back we found that FIVE of the oversize spots were being taken by small cars belonging to people at a really loud hip hop party across the street. The Security Guard, who's job it is specifically to monitor this, said that the previous guy had let them park there despite their cars being small and not owned by guests of the hotel. My ski rack was completely ripped off when we got stuck on the sign that tells you the clearance. I would never have attempted this if the guard hadn't absentmindedly waved us on. So presumably, one or both of the guards were taking bribes to allow non-guests to use their oversize parking. CLASSY! Once again, the security was brought in again to make me sign a bunch of legal paperwork. Really great way to make me feel like a criminal! I never had any thought to sue or pursue legal action, I just wanted you guys to DO YOUR FREAKING JOBS! YOU ARE IN A CUSTOMER SERVICE INDUSTRY. CUSTOMER SERVICE! I feel bad for the nicer members of the staff, but frankly, it was pretty much a 50-50 thing. AND MOST IMPORTANTLY, when your Guests have legitimate issues, you do not bring out a rent-a-cop to intimidate them. You figure out what's wrong and fix it!!!
4	A very small room, really vivid neon green, but really good deal for the money.All Vegas hotel rooms charge $10 - 20 / nite for resort fee,or $10 - $15 / device / 24 hours for internet use.The El Cabana doesn't charge resort fee but only Cabana suites are free for internet usage.  That adds up!advice: The bathroom is almost the same size as the room.  The bathrooms r nicer than the room, lol.  And If you are really clean type person, bring your own towels.For dinner, head over to The California hotel for their $10 prime rib deal.  That's really good for the money too.
1	Okay so here's my story:My significant other was visiting Las Vegas for the first time & since I've stayed here numerous amount of times without any problems I said "what the hay" I'll book a suite again & it'll be great because there's entertainment up & down Fremont Street. We checked in everything was great but when my darling took a nap all hell broke loose! She woke up with a bed bug crawling around her head so we called front desk ASAP! A security guard and the casino floor manager came up & inspected the room while they made my wife sign a paper saying that she was bit & around what time & blah blah blah! They had to "shut down" the room we were staying in & we were instantly moved but on our way to our room we made it our business to tell everybody we saw to check their beds for the little critters as well. Just a word of advice guys just avoid this place altogether if you want to stay downtown go to the D!
2	The room was very nice, however the dynamics of this particular hotel building were off. You have to park in the garage and walk across the street to the casino. The security of the parking garage is sketchy. The cabana suites building is next to an abandoned hotel and they attempt to block the view with decals on the window.The casino is a different story and lots of fun.
5	What a hip experience . We spent our first few days on the strip in our time share . The crowds, traffic and solicitors quickly grew old. Downtown Vegas was a welcome break from the madness. El Cortez's location and friendly staff made me put Vegas back on my Do Again list. The security staff was discretely keeping everything in order. I also did not see children wandering around everywhere, which I found appalling on the strip at one in the morning.The slots were very kind as well!!!!!
1	Do not park in the lot next to the suites even if you are guest!  Security guard LaRosa will take your room key and throw it in your face and tell you "to get the fuck out of here"... and then get in your face.  Can't make this shit up folks... true story.  Soooooooo disappointed, cannot believe this is what customer service in Vegas has come to... berating and harassing paying guests! smh
4	The super suit is not really SUPER but it is clean and comfortable. It's like a retro boutique hotel with the slowest elevator in the world. Food is mediocre but edible. Friendly staff and just not a great part of town, however it is slowly getting better downtown
4	We were doing a race downtown and wanted to be close so we booked at the El Cortez reasonable rates for our weekend stay....they upgraded us to the suites and let me tell you awesome!!! Big room, quiet, clean, so boutique fun! Fitness room fresh fruit in the lobby nice staff ;) even printed out boarding passes and had a shuttle to tr airport. Downside have to pay for wi-fi 11.99 per day, no pool and a very loud b day party at 1:00 am but after a few calls it was taken care of.If we were to stay in downtown again I would stay here
4	Got the room for less than 40 dollars a night for 2 nights.These are the nicer rooms in El Cortez. I remember also getting a breakfast coupon and like 15 dollars for slots. I played video poker and came out ahead.
3	The good:It's cheap, and the rooms are very nice. The lobby is nice (there is free fruit and candy). The building is quiet (except by the front desk), and out of the way.The bad:When we checked in, we were "upgraded" to a bigger suite. It was a handicapped room on the first floor next to the ice machine, elevators, and front desk (the noise kept my wife up). The next day, it took speaking with 3 different managers to have us moved to a new room by 2pm. Once we were set, the rest of the time was great.
4	I was in Las Vegas and I decided that I wanted to stay downtown so I picked the El Cortez Hotel which is located just off of Fremont Street in downtown Vegas.I did not have a reservation and I thought I would take my chances so I  showed up at 4:30 hoping that I was going to be able to score a room for the night. They had one available but it was a little bit more expensive and it was located in the El Cortez cabana suites which is located right across from the main hotel.I brought my luggage over there and I was pretty impressed with the building that I walked into. For starters you need a key card to get in there and there was also a security guard that monitored the comings and goings of everybody in the hotel. If you know downtown Vegas it's good to have security measures  in place because there are some pretty sketchy folks walking around there at night lol.When you walk into the building there is a counter there and it it is kind of like a second lobby to the main hotel. I learned that you can check out with the gal there versus lugging your stuff back across the street to the main hotel,  standing in line and checking out there. This was much easier!In addition to the cool lobby area, they have a pretty nice gym in the cabana suites. I am pretty sure you can use the gym in the suites if you are a guest in the main hotel as well.I loved the inside of the room! They had a big huge white leather type headboard thing on the bed and they had matching chairs. Very plush and retro feeling. There was a big flat screen on the wall and the bathroom was redone and that was very stylish with little black and white checkered tiles on the floor there.I guess my only complaint was the elevator was very  slow and it took forever to go up the three or four short floors that is the El Cortez cabana suitesOther than that the hotel has very cheap roulette tables when I say cheap I mean $.25 kind of cheap so that's fun and then of course it's only a block away from Fremont Street experience. I recommend it for sure!
5	Love, love, love the cabana suite!!!!!! You have to check in @ the main El Cortz hotel where the staff is super friendly, sociable & knowledgable. We had a nice valet/bell hop guy bring all of luggage & goods across the street to the other building where the cabana suites are located. They have a security guard standing outside 24/7 & you can only get into the building using your room key outside the doors that unlock the main doors for you. A little sketchy area by this hotel, more so @ night time. We got information one day about Container Park (short walking distance from the hotel) & other Vegas attractions from this awesome front desk staff inside the cabins suites named Dion. The cabana suites are so fancy! Nice workout gym & decorated lobby, hallways & rooms! Definitely would stay there again! Only bad thing is they have no pool!!!!!
4	Vegas is almost like my home away from home. It's where I've spent nearly every 3+ day weekend growing up but I've always stayed on the strip. I've heard that the downtown area is quite charming and that there is zip lining available but it was never enough to pull me away from the main strip. After much thought and consideration, I reluctantly moved my most recent stay from the strip to Fremont St.I had EXTREMELY low expectations going in. I was expecting a no-frills set up equivalent to a tiny motel you might find along a long freeway stretch between major cosmopolitans. When I pulled up to El Cortez, I saw it as a casino that was past it's hey-day and the decor looked heavily dated. Stepping inside, the place was dimly lit and I was hit with a pungent odor that I can only describe as depression and broken dreams; kind of a mix between stale cigarettes and an over-perfumed, musty antique shop. My heart sank a little. I tried not to show my dismay while I wondered how I would survive the weekend in these conditions and tried to stay upbeat and laugh it off. It'll be a experience and funny story to share later! The line was long and check in was taking a while. Since I was in a time crunch to meet people over at the Four Queens 2 blocks away, I left my belongings with my friend and ran off before I could even check out our room. I was even a bit envious at how much better the casino smelled and looked at Four Queens! But all that was about to change....PLOT TWIST!!!!!I hurried back to my hotel and noticed a text from my friend telling me to call when I came back because the room would be hard to find. Say what?!? Pshhh! He gives me too little credit, I can totally find it! Oh wait, never mind. He was right and wins.I wave the little white flag and he comes down to fetch me and leads me out the back of the casino then across the street into a completely different looking minty-green building. Huh, interesting....He's gushing to me about how nice the hotel is and I'm just nodding along and not believing a word he says since I thought he was trying to be nice about the situation. Nope! Once I step into the lobby, it was completely different! The best way to sum up the description of the hotel and room is a very mod retro-chic boutique hotel. It's adorable, clean, comfortable, and spacious.So what happened? Apparently, when I was booking our rooms, I had the option to upgrade to a larger suite (400 sqft vs 240 sqft) for about $5 more a night. Looking back, best decision I've ever made! By upgrading, that moved us from the regular El Cortez over to the El Cortez Cabana Suites. I was so comfy sleeping in our bed, everything was smoke free, clean smelling, and they had an extra fuzzy throw blanket (I love these!!). Did I mention they have a bowl of free candy every day? I mostly saw jelly beans, M&Ms, and starbursts (I may have hoarded the red ones...) - I appreciate that they had clean scoops and little containers to shovel candy into because my germaphobe side shudders at how many hands would have gone into that bowl. They also have platters of fresh fruit including apples, oranges, bananas, and pears. I would definitely rebook here again for any future off-strip Vegas trips and highly recommend them. The only reason why they lost a star from me were:1. Most airport shuttles won't take you here directly. Bell Trans is the only one that does for $8-9.2. I was left on hold for nearly 30 minutes by the front desk while making airport shuttle reservations. I was then told by another staff this would be taken care of for me. I would find out 2 hours before my flight that the shuttles were all full and they decided to contact me with a note slipped under my door and leaving a message on my room phone instead of calling me directly.
4	I had booked a vintage room in El Cortez while booking tickets on allegiant air. I never stayed on the south strip of vegas but as I got a good deal I went for it. After reaching the hotel, the receptionist said that all the rooms are full and so they are givibg me free upgrade to a suite...Sweet :) These suites are in a different building in El Cabana across the E Ogden st. They call it as suite but I just found that the rooms are clean and not 100% suites. But anyway, I never booked a suite so getting this room was alright. This hotel is almost 15-20 mins drive from the main strip and almost 20 mins from the airport. I would recommend this if you get a good deal.
1	Stayed here 2 weeks ago. Upon entering my room; I noticed a strong urine smell. It was coming from the bathroom and the room itself. I immediately call the front desk and tell them about it. They said they would take care of it. Two hours pass and no one came. I get ready for my appointment and walk down to the front desk to tell them about it again. I was told not to worry and said they would fix it. I come back to my room 3 hours later and nothing was done. Drove to the nearest 99 Cent store and purchased 2 air fresheners. It helped a little.This is how the El Cortez treats Las Vegas locals. Terrible!
4	This is a very nice place to stay if you are going to stay downtown. The cabana rooms are cool with lime green walls and flat screen TV's. The glass door shower is very nice, and these rooms are very clean. It's worth the little bit of extra money to stay here.
4	A suitable spot for a Downtown escapade.  Cabana Suites is an affordable and updated hotel for the hip crowd.  There were many poor reviews on here.  I wouldn't let those be a deciding factor.  If you are choosing a hotel room from downtown your choices are basically from Old fashioned - outdated - old - run down - scary - all the way down to health hazardous.  So it is nice that there seems to be a different option to choose now.  Lets be honest beggars cant be choosers, but for the price and location I would still consider Cabana Suites.  It has a well balance of vintage and modern.It is apart from the original El Cortez and just  across from the new parking garage.  Kind of in its own little world.  At night the security presence is always there and adds to the general safety of the property, so you don't have to worry about creepers.  A room card opens the front entrance and an attendant is always at the front desk.  There is only one elevator for the 5 story property.  There was only a slight indica/sativa odor when exiting the elevator on the 4th floor.  Definitely just from one of the patrons.  The room we had didn't have any strong odors.Our room was cute.  The decor was passable for a south beach type of modern.  The bathroom was rather neat and much nicer than you could expect from the location and price point.  The bed was comfy and a mini fridge is included in the room.  42" flatscreen tv and an Iphone clock radio were present.  The size was roomy enough and I would say we enjoyed the overall ambiance.  If anything was sub par it was the view of the El Cortez parking garage.  Aside from that it was an enjoyable stay and we would definitely stay here again.
3	Having tried most of the hotels on Strip and Downtown, I thought I'd give the El Cortez a try. I had read a review on VegasTripping when the Cabana Suites first opened, and was intrigued by them. Booked on Expedia for a long weekend right after Labor Day.Check in was in the main El Cortez hotel. At 2:00 on a Thursday afternoon, there were only a few people in line, and it moved fairly quickly. There they will swipe your credit card and authorize $50 and the room/tax (in my case, since the room was prepaid, they held the amount of the estimated "resort" fees). The clerk was friendly and gave me a coupon to claim at Club Cortez for a Funbook and $5 free slot play. I did like that the Cabana Suites are located in a separate building on Ogden Avenue, easily accessible from the main casino floor. I usually saw a security guard by the door most of the times I came in and out, and you also had to swipe your room key to gain access to the lobby. A receptionist was stationed in the lobby at all hours. It's far enough from Fremont Street that it's practically quiet most of the time, which I appreciated!I was assigned room 6311, on the 3rd floor. I liked the modern decor, as well as the comfortable bed. Room keys are of the fancy new RFID type...love these since most of the time I can leave the key in my wallet...I just have to hold my wallet to the sensor and the door will open...sesame!42" TV with HD channels, a mini fridge, mini bar with overpriced cookies/snacks and bottles of water, a cute little ottoman/chair, and a desk area. Not bad.One complaint would have to be that there weren't really any dresser drawers in the room. Sure, there's a "closet" area which holds the iron, ironing board and safe, and there was room in the cabinet next to the mini fridge, but I think it would've been nice if they somehow worked that into two shelves or something...other than that...love it.In Las Vegas, unfortunately, resort fees are slowly trickling into Downtown from the Strip...but on the bright side, El Cortez only charges $8.95 per night plus tax. They happen to call it an "Amenities Fee" and it covers two small bottles of water daily, parking, WiFi, daily slot tourney, and access to the fitness center. I got a decent deal on this place on Expedia to begin with - the room was $240 including tax for four nights before I used a $150 loyalty coupon they gave me. So at $90 before the resort fee...it's still one of the best values DowntownI would definitely consider a stay here next time.
1	Huge letdown..... I'm shocked after reading other reviews that were good. The pictures that I saw prior to check in were not accurate. The rooms are "cute" but they're very cheap. The bed was very uncomfortable. It's basically a mattress on a wood box- no boxspring. The tables were dirty and the carpet was really sticky around the mini-fridge. When the housekeeping staff was cleaning other rooms it smelled horrible. I would think it would smell clean? Basically this place was "yucky". I can't think of any other word to describe it. Day #1Upon checking in they automatically charge you $120 over the cost of the room... They say it's a deposit and will be refunded at checkout. More about that later. We had 3 friends staying here at the cabana suites. I paid the most for my room (about $40 more than the others). I booked directly from the website. When we got to the room it was literally a bed inside a large closet. You couldn't walk through the room without turning sideways. I was disgusted. Went to check out the friends rooms and their "suites" were at least normal room size. Not normal suite size- but they weren't in a closet. So I called the front desk and she said "too bad". When I asked to speak with the manager she said "he's too busy" and I told her I would wait. I waited for 35 minutes before he got on the phone. He did move us to a "suite" which was nice. He also said he would adjust the price to my friend's price. Day #2The maid knocked on the door at about 8AM. I decided to ignore it because I had it locked.  Then she decided to come in and my husband caught the door before she could open it and told her to go away. She came back an hour later (do not disturb sign still out). She would not stop knocking until I went and asked her to come back later. Eventually we left and she cleaned the room. By 6 PM my friend still had not had her room cleaned. There was a room service tray left outside a room for over 24 hours. It seriously began to make the hallway stink!! It wasn't picked up until we informed the front desk staff about it. Day #3Room not cleaned all day. My husband mentioned to the housekeeping staff that it hadn't been cleaned and when we left they could clean it. Instead they came directly over and knocked and knocked and knocked even though the "do not disturb" sign was out. They knocked until I told them no. We checked out and I was told I would only get $116 from my deposit back but they didn't know why. I informed the front desk that I was supposed to receive a credit to offset the price to my friend's price. She said that had been done. How? We didn't use any of the amenities and I paid upfront for the cost of the room. So that never happened. I was also told at check in that I would receive my deposit back at check out. When I checked out I was told I would get it in 3-10 days. I'll update when I receive it. The room was not impressive. It was not cleaned to my expectations. The staff bordered on rude- definitely not very friendly. I would never ever stay here again.
4	I stayed in the Cabana Suites a couple of weeks ago. The place was clean and being on the top floor was high enough to avoid traffic noise below.The place had a cool, modern design. The bright green walls and exaggerated over-sized headboard were the first thing I noticed. If Dr. Seuss designed a French brothel, it would look exactly like this room.The walls seemed thin because I could hear most of the conversation going on in the room next door. Evidently dad believes mom is way too easy on Jr. Mom tells dad that Jr. is only 14 and has to find his own way in the world. As the disagreement escalated, I learned so much more about how mom coddled Jr. way too much and how dad went through that big bottle of tequila from Costco in just one week. After about 15 minutes of this, the voices were completely silent. Then a slow, somewhat offbeat thump began against the wall. Mom and dad were either having make-up sexy time or playing handball. Well, at least they weren't talking about Jr. anymore.Oh, yeah...back to the hotel...There was a security guard by the hotel entry 24/7. You cannot get in the lobby without sliding your room key. There is a front desk attendant all the time in the event you need anything.I was a bit concerned about having to walk across Ogden street from the main hotel to the Cabanas. I was afraid it would be like playing Frogger with the taxicabs and wayward Canadians. But there is a flashing light at the crosswalk which makes the walk across the street easy.It's not perfect, but for the low rate and decent location, I have no real complaints.
5	There's so many mixed reviews on here that I almost missed out on this lil place. So I was looking for something cheap and nice otherwise we would have stayed at my house. I paid $104 for two nights (11-23-14/11-24-14) for the Jr suite with a king size bed. I payed with a credit card because that way the deposit was a firm $50 for the two night stay. With a debit pard it would have been variable; $40 and up to $120 per night!!  . . . First of all, I loved that the check in is at 2pm and check out is at 12pm!! (Most check ins in Vegas are at 4pm & check out at 11am). The parking structure has a security guard in the entrance/exit 24/7. You cannot park here unless you have a room key (all you have to do is show it to the security guard). The next cool think is that there's also a security guard infront of the hotel entrance 24/7. The doors to this place open automatically with your room key! Thats so cool! FYI: the suite isnt a suite at all. It is a small nice regular room. During my stay I didnt encounter any bad situation. I didnt have to use a wristband 24/7, nor pay a $25 fee for my guest, I didnt have any problems with bed bugs, nor problems with housekeeping waking me up even though I had the sign outside the door like other yelpers experienced. I would definitely stay here again. I like it better than The D hotel. . .
5	Checked-in 20 Dec, checked out 22 Dec as a staycation:- Great value.  Paid approx $50/night including taxes/fees for a Super Suite.  It was cheap because booking 2+ nights there was a 20% discount so the Sat nite base rate was $42.40 and Sun nite base rate was $28.80.  El Cortez' resort fee is $9/nite (where at The D it's $20/nite, which is expected at a Strip property but for a Downtown place, that's excessive).- I stayed in Room 6402.  Wi-fi was crap, www.SpeedTest.net clocked it about 1 mbs download/1 mbs upload.  I just tethered off my Verizon Iphone (which got me about 5 mbs download).  The iHome clock radio had a broken volume dial and couldn't switch on the radio.  Couldn't dock my Iphone because the iHome has the 30-pin connector (not lightning connector) but even pluggin in via aux 3.5 mm cable still couldn't play my music on it.  The large LCD screen has an HDMI but I couldn't access it (to test my Chromecast and Fire Stick TV).\- Gym was ok.  Had 2 treadmills, 1 elliptical trainer, a cable weight machine (no free weights).  Free banana/orange/apple/assorted fruit.  - Nonetheless, for a deal I will stay here again.
3	Not the best. But reasonable.... Priceing. And greeat machines. Will come back for summer again
