2	I was eager to try this place out when I read that it was serving beer and wine.  I know it's always been kind of a dream of many adults to have alcohol as an option when choosing a beverage at the concession stand.  I was even more excited when I read that they were serving Four Peaks brew, along with Guinness, Heineken, and many others.  So this wasn't going to be a gimmick with the small payoff of either Bud or Coors as an option...this had the possibility of being great.  I ordered my ticket online because I wanted to see what that whole reserved seating/choose your seat deal was all about.  Sadly, since not enough people had bought tickets yet, I wasn't able to choose my seat, but was urged to arrive early as to get a great spot.  So I ended up paying $13.00 instead of the $11.75, which is pretty ridiculous.  Regular tickets (when they're not in the Star Class auditorium) are $9.75 which are pretty comparable to Harkins/AMC, but if you want to be in an auditorium that is 21+ and serves food and drinks, then you pay the extra $2.00.  When you walk through the theater, you can't help but feel slightly impressed because it's pretty swanky compared to your regular Harkins/AMC.  That good impression quickly left when I noticed that none of the employees seemed happy to be there, and the lady who looked at my ticket didn't say a word other than "ok" and didn't direct me where to go.  So I had to ask somebody else where my auditorium was.  I approached a second ticket counter where another, but friendlier, employee took my ticket and told me to head down and would find #10 on my right.  To my surprise, the auditorium looked identical to any other I had been in.  I don't know why, but I was expecting wide aisles and possibly fold out tables (for the food) attached to the seats.  The one big difference was that the chairs were wrapped in leather, which seems attractive, but then you sit down.  It's noisy.  You can hear people moving around, getting up, crossing their legs, whathaveyou.  It makes you question whether or not you REALLY need to go to the bathroom, because the noise from you getting up might be too distracting.  It was nearly 5:00 and only a few people had drinks or food, so a few of us audience members were left wondering (aloud) how this was all going to work.  Nicole, our server, introduced herself and asked who needed menus or orders taken.  At this point, the lights dimmed and the previews started.  I was feeling anxious that she was going to be taking orders while the movie was starting, though I took solace in the fact that typical movies have 20 minutes or so worth of previews, so we should be safe.  Nope.  After one ridiculous preview of the terrible looking 'Red Riding Hood,' the movie began.  This is when I really started regretting my choice to see a long anticipated film (Harry Potter)  in a gimmicky theater.  Nicole was taking orders (loudly, I might at) while the opening shot was taking place, which includes a monologue spoken by Bill Nighy.  Never do I want to miss a monologue by the great Mr. Nighy.  Instead of hearing what the Ministry of Magic was up to, I instead heard "do you want the supreme nachos, or just the regular?"  Yeesh.  As the film went on, things were less annoying (despite the server spilling a couple drinks in the top row, and  loudly, and quite profusely apologizing).  About an hour into the movie (HP is 2 and half hours long) I was really getting a hankering for a beer.  Since the concept was in my head, I really had the urge to act on it.  When Nicole had initially introduced herself, she said she was going to focus on this auditorium alone and would be around to take additional orders.  I tried flagging her down when she was going up the stairs, but she didn't see me, as I was deep in my row, thus leaving me beerless.  I've gotten over that, since I don't really want to give them my $7 despite the quality of brew.  What I can't get my head around, is how this works when the theater is crowded.  How does the server step over people when they need to serve something/take an order/receive payment?  My auditorium had maybe 10-20 people in it, and it was pretty distracting as it was.  Maybe I just didn't think about what I as getting into when I got my ticket, but I was just hopeful that I could drink a beer while watching a new film on the big screen without a problem.  I think I'll just stick with my Harkins $1 refill cup and the Cine Capri.  My money and time will be much happier.The Pros:They renovated the old theater very nicely, and the outdoor area is very pleasant and inviting.  Though noisy, the leather seats recline  and are very comfortable for long periods of sitting.  The screen quality is crisp, and the sound is just as good.  My suggestion is that you just continue to go to your favorite theater, and only patronize this one if your date is only impressed by seeing gobs of your money quickly disappear.
3	Ill give them second night jitters. The Mister and I have been waiting for months for the old UA Theater to open into the new UltraStar theater since this past summer. We were so happy to see that they kept the theater Disney-like with its Space Mountain type exterior. Though were kind of disappointed to see that they made the interior "Tuscan" like. This means Italian tile and faux painting throughout. Its nice but more like a model home than a movie theater. I don't know, being a Phoenician Ive grown up with Harkins more modern approach to the movies and theater design. The box office is more like a hotel check in than a little hole in the window you'd expect to find at most theaters, nice touch. Also, they have what they call "Star Class" auditoriums where get this, you can drink! Yeah, this means beer and wine with your movie! They also have a gourmet snack bar that serves up pannini and humus though we didn't order any, just stuck to popcorn and Diet Pepsi. The popcorn unfortunately was stale and greasy, not making for a great first impression. Another bad impression, the auditorium where our movie was playing was a filthy mess. Spilled drinks, trash on the floors, half eaten food. Come on, you just opened and you're a mess?! I let 'em know about the mess and right as the movie was starting they decided to show up and start cleaning it up, A for effort. Onto the good.. the seats are super comfortable albeit not stadium style, this is the part where the old theater showed itself. We had good seats since there were no seat in front of us. This observation is only in the theater we attended, perhaps the others have been more updated? The arms of the seats do come up so you can cuddle during the movie if you so wish.All of the theaters are digital so the image quality is pretty amazing! They also have 3D capability as well as the new D-Box seat in one auditorium. D-Box, think Star Tours at Disneyland while watching a full length movie. Not sure you wanna ante up the money? They have a demo in the lobby. We sat through the Harry Potter trailer demo, I think Id get motion sick with those. The Mister loved the "4D" effect! I honestly don't think a movie is supposed to make you car sick, none for me thanks.Was a fun night checking out the theater and I'm glad we no longer have to go to the mall to see the latest movies. Oh, they also have discount days on certain movies, so keep that in mind when you're planning your visit. Check the website for details. (Woo, that sounded like a commercial!)
4	Had an opportunity to visit the establishment for the first time the evening of 11/20 to see Harry Potter. The atmosphere of the theater is upscale. While the basic movie ticket is 9.75 (cheaper than other places), you have the option of adding the D-Box seats ($8) or Star-Class featuring seat side food service ($2). Be advised you will be paying premium prices at the concessions! ($7.25 for a tube of popcorn, $3.25 for a small soda, $7 for a SMALL glass of beer!). The seats in the auditorium were extremely comfortable and the sound system was out of this world. Non-D-Box patrons could still feel the vibrations from the sound system during the movie. I take off one star as I feel the concession stand personnel have a few wrinkles to iron out.  I ordered a single menu item (The stariffic combo w/ a set price for popcorn, 2 sodas and 1 candy. Even 3 confused concession workers couldn't get my order right and ended up only charging me for the drinks and received free popcorn and no candy.. In addition the carmel popcorn is not made in house as I observed the popcorn was taken out of a bag (Cracker Jack?) under the counter and not from the popcorn popper. If you want fresh popcorn just order the non-flavored butter type.
3	I have such mixed feelings about this new movie theater. A lot of what UltraStar presents itself as is good in theory, but doesn't quite work out well for the customer in execution. There's a lot of up sides to it, yet there are also so many downsides, too. My girlfriend and I went to see the new "Harry Potter" last night. Ticket prices for a regular film at UltraStar are a pretty fair deal at $9.75. Not only is the price on par with other theater chains in the valley, but this theater uses a pure digital projector and audio system. The picture and sound quality is way above any Harkins or AMC I've been to. The seats are also big and comfortable and recline pretty far for a movie theater seat. The leather is also a nice touch. We decided to see the movie with Star-Class service since that's one of the features that's supposed to set UltraStar apart from the others. Little did we know until we got to the theater was that the service is an extra $2 per ticket. For that $2, you get seat side food service. That again is better in theory. The Servers only come before the movie starts, and the theater is regular size, so if it's packed you may end up not getting anything from a server at all. To get this service you also have to be 21 and over. They do serve beer and wine, but the price is a rip off. I paid $7.25 for a Kiltlifter that couldn't have been the size of a normal 12 ounce bottle. Even concert and sports venues don't rip you off that badly. I also had the hummus and pita chips from UltraStar's premium concessions. It's the same hummus and pita chips you can buy at Costco. I know I'm going to overpay at a movie theater, but that was ridiculous. The only real plus I think there is for paying for this extra "luxury" is knowing that there aren't going to be any kids in the theater being too loud or crying during the movie. The staff is very friendly. We arrived pretty early (about a half hour before the movie), our theater wasn't ready to be seated in, so the "concierge" gave us a little tour of the facility. Showing us the premium theater, which is a lot smaller, but the seats looked very big and comfortable, and it had a suite. Seemed like a cool place to have a private party for a movie. A manager then kindly found us and told us that our theater was ready. The theater itself was way too dark premovie. It was lit only enough to see what was just in front of you. Not very friendly for a place with service where I was trying to read a menu. Fortunately, the server had a small light to give me so I could see it. UltraStar is also another establishment that doesn't accept American Express. It's my card of choice, and while I understand why small businesses can't afford to pay its fees, I am not a fan of chains that won't. I highly recommend this theater for its presentation. If you're just planning to see a movie and not have any of the "premium" concessions or services, it's the best theater in the area. But if you were hoping the "luxuries" were going to add to the experience, I'd advise you to stay away.
2	Went back this past weekend.. still kind of a mess.. its like they hired all new people and didn't train them at all. Very annoying.
5	wow, time to debunk these incorrect reviews.1.  I saw Harry Potter in the 21+ STAR CLASS theater.  the aisles were amazing.  each row had 3 seats-space-4 seats space then 2 seats.  this way if you can have your own row in a group of 2 3 or 4!! wow! I have never seen a theater like this before. I saw Harry Potter with no kids for the 1st time ever, WOW what a difference it made!! great food and drink service right from our seats. the extra aisles made it so the servers never blocked the screen.  what a great idea, and the ticket was only $9 +$2 service charge which was worth a FREE POPCORN so..it's the same price as other places.2. you CAN reserve seats online, just not yet. it's a new theater and that system isn't up yet.  it had nothing to do with how many people ordered online. I talked with the manager.3. very friendly service and the ticket taker told me which theater and where the restrooms were located.4. food service was continuous from the moment we got into the auditorium.  there are different setups.  the STAR CLASS theater has the seating arrangements to accommodate ordering from the seats.  If you want beer brought to you during a move, go to star class.5.  movie had 3 or 4 previews like any movie I'd ever been to.6. the seats will break in as time goes on.  they're supposed to be a little stiff the first few months.wow, what a great experience.  1 more thing.. I bought 4 tickets online by mistake and wanted 3. I showed up to the box office (3 days before the show) told them my mistake and they said no problem and gave me a cash refund (even though it clearly states no refunds on internet orders)great customer service, great STAR CLASS experience, worth the extra $2 (but had free popcorn remember) amazing food for a movie theater. next time I'll try the motion seats :)
3	This theatre is such a cool concept and I am really surprised there aren't more movie theaters that serve beer, wine, espresso, sandwiches, salads, desserts, and bring them to your seat. They also offer the option of upgrading to more comfortable seats with "call" buttons, private rooms with wet bars available to rent, and D-Box Seats (motion seats). It is nice and new inside as well. I went the very first week it opened and was frustrated. A shot of espresso costs $3!!??? I have never seen it cost more than $.50. Service was super slow and unorganized, they don't have a website and google maps gives the wrong directions, and when my friend requested information on possibly renting out one of the private rooms they couldn't provide him with any, no prices or anything. I will definitely go back in a few months in hopes they have their kinks worked out, I really want this place to work out its such a great date night place!
5	I went to this theater on opening night and was very impressed by the entire experience. When you order your tickets you're not just ordering them from some kid behind a glass who hates their job. You feel as if you're ordering tickets for an actual live show. The people who work their are very friendly and extremely eager to assist you.The decor of the theater is like nothing I've ever seen before. It's as if you are in a small European town complete with a cafe. The cafe serves delicious food that you'd never be able to get at an AMC or Harkins including paninis, real nachos, and beer and wine. For those of you that like good beer its not just Bud Light or Coors Light. They have Four Peaks, Guineas, IPA, and Heineken just to name a few. For those who love the traditional movie snacks they have those too. Unfortunately due to over protective liquor laws you have to consume your drinks either in the cafe or have them delivered to you in a particular theater, so make sure you plan ahead.The theater itself is stadium style seating with extremely comfortable leather chairs. It's like watching a movie in your very own lazy-boy.To sum everything up this was the most pleasurable movie going experience I've ever had. I hope it stays that way and people don't ruin it. I also hope that this theater is the start of the rejuvenation for the Pavilions Shopping Center.
3	This theater concept has potential, but doesn't quite deliver yet.  I'm more of a matinee person, and not into liquor in the afternoon, but I love the comfortable seats with lots of legroom and a bit of personal attention so I don't feel like a member of a herd of cattle.  On these fronts the theater delivers.  Prices are confusing, however. I was led there on a Thursday by the ad promising $5.50 pricing on "most films".  However, as it turned out I could get a $5.50 price on only two of the 12 films then showing, thanks either to restrictions or the $2.00 upcharge for certain screens.  The line at the box office was slowed down by the fact that the display of movies and showtimes was too small to display them all at once, so you had to wait for it to cycle several times to read everything, which everybody in line did.  We selected a show which started in 15  minutes, paid $7.50 each for our tickets, and discovered that the auditorium had yet to be cleaned and all the seats were strewn with popcorn.  A complaint quickly brought an employee, who painfully attempted to pick up all the popcorn kernel-by-kernel for lack of a vacuum cleaner.  The seats were big and comfortable (though it's a bit of a stretch to call it stadium seating), but don't allow getting cozy with your date, so it's not surprising that the other customers were a party of 3 men and another party of 3 women.  An employee came in to welcome us and tell us about upcoming events, but was unable to explain an ongoing promotion.  Another employee took our food order before the show, then returned during previews to deliver and collect payment.  This was only mildly distracting, since as a regular cinema goer I'd seen all the trailers already, but payment in the dark was a challenge and I was not offered a receipt.The digital cinema quality and the sound were both first rate.  I can only hope that all the glitches in the above two paragraphs will get worked out in another couple of months.
5	Most definitely a breath  of fresh air for the area.  New comfy seating, new screens, all digital and best of all none of those annoying Harkins commercials before the previews.Even better is the wine and beer bar in the center.Now for the really good news.   Several smaller 30 to 36 seat screens with really comfy seats with food and beer/wine service for only a two buck premium.  In the rear is a one way mirror and private screening area for small groups that want to party.Hope the concept works out for renewal of the Pavillion coupled with the new Talking Stick Spring Training Facility.
5	a great movie experience new clean reasonableenjoyed the whole thing!!!
3	The seats are comfortable and the staff is friendly. I noticed they offered a kid friendly night that accomidates those with young ones. The adult beverages are expensive and they could be a bit cleaner.....otherwise a great time!
5	I went to this theater on opening night and was very impressed by the entire experience. When you order your tickets you're not just ordering them from some kid behind a glass who hates their job. You feel as if you're ordering tickets for an actual live show. The people who work their are very friendly and extremely eager to assist you.The decor of the theater is like nothing I've ever seen before. It's as if you are in a small European town complete with a cafe. The cafe, which is located behind the traditional snack bar, serves delicious food that you'd never be able to get at an AMC or Harkins. They serve paninis, real nachos with all the fixings, beer, wine, and a great selection of coffees. For those of you that like good beer its not just Bud Light or Coors Light. They have Four Peaks, Guineas, IPA, and Heineken just to name a few. For those who love the traditional movie snacks they have those too. Unfortunately due to over protective liquor laws you have to either consume your drinks in the cafe or have them delivered to you in a particular theater, so make sure you plan ahead and ask questions when purchasing your tickets. The theaters that allow liquor are call StarClass and you have to be 21 to be in those theaters.The theater itself is stadium style seating with extremely comfortable leather chairs. It's like watching a movie in your very own lazy-boy. Some theaters even have seats called D Box, which are seats that move to the movie. I saw Tron in the D Box seats and in 3-D which made the tickets almost $20 a piece. I wouldn't say it was worth it, however I'm glad I experienced it. I wouldn't shell out that kind of money for a non action movie. They are only cool in the flying, driving, and major action sequences. An improvement to the experience would be if your feet were off the ground. Try lifting your feet through one of the scenes and feel the difference.To sum everything up this was the most pleasurable movie going experience I've ever had. I hope it stays that way and people don't ruin it. I also hope that this theater is the start of the rejuvenation for the Pavilions Shopping Center. There is a lot of room for expansion and a wonderful patio complete with a gas fire pit out front.
3	I like the space, the roomy seats and aisles and the concepts going on here.I don't think it has quite jelled yet.I will say that on a slow Monday night, the few people I was with as well as the other 5 that were in the theater seemed to enjoy the attention.If I went on a date without the kids I might enjoy grabbing a drink and relaxing before the show or even having a drink during the show in one of the theaters that allows such things.I tried out the new concept seating demo that jiggles and sways somewhat in sync with the action on screen...no thanks. I prefer my jiggling and swaying in venues other than a dark theater.
4	So this week we did a comparison between the Scottsdale Ipic and the Ultra Star. Price difference for the high end seating here at Ultra Star was $26.00 for two of us compared to $50.00 for two of us at IPic. Second the food choices were total opposite. This is more comfort food with a slight upscale edge with Paninis of all different styles and tastes (Marilyn Monroe- Dark semi sweet chocolate and Brie Panini) as well as the regular cheeses and meats. Personally I enjoyed this comfort food for a movie. Bonus is they have carmel popcorn which is amazing and I always wondered why no theater here ever sold it before. The Ipic is more of upscale gourmet style food and full bar with a matching price. Our seats were comforable big leather seats with plenty of leg room. I wish they reclined like the seats at Ipic which was a luxury but then again the price is twice as much so it depends on what you are looking at for.  I loved the fact that they had wine and beer in case you wanted it and the server was very friendly and helpful. It was enjoyable watching the movie with only 30 or so seats in the theater. I really have no complaints about the theater other then perhaps it would be nice if they did have the reserved seats like the Ipic so no scrambling for seats but that is probably a more expensive website expense that could draw up the price to match Ipic. Great job. I gave Ipic a 5 star because I based these particular reviews on the luxury scale offering and would say this one is a 4 star in luxury (-reclining seats, blankets and a full bar that is at the other theater) but way above a regular movie theater of about a 2-3 star range. Plus real food.. Bonus. I really do not see why in  the future I would not go here or to Ipic for all my movies unless I am just hitting a local quick movie with the kids. I will be back.
5	UltraStar offers a great option for something fun to do.  I love how comfy the seats are- you can actually enjoy watching a movie without being crammed and you can order an adult beverage!  Their specialty popcorn is delicious and I rather enjoy their hotdogs.  I recommend this new spot for locals looking for a new spot to enjoy a flick.
2	Great concept but just doesn't work well here.  The employees just are NOT with the program. Been here three times and the film was late each time. Employees didn't seem to care nor did the mgr when I complained.  Theatre was dirty twice  and sound was way too low the other. This is how it might get after ten years, not three months. FAIL!
4	I have been to this theater twice and even though it is a bit of a drive to get there, I love it!  I love the plush leather chairs, the in theater service and the food selection.  You do have to get there early because the movies do sell out and you want to be able to eat your food before the movie starts.  Some reviews have said that the employees aren't nice or know what they are doing, but both times I was there everyone was very friendly and helpful.
5	So i'm an avid movie watcher, love to go out and enjoy a good flick with my boyfriend.....but when you have kids running around and babies crying, it ruins the night. .....Which brings me to UltraStar Theater: This place is awesome...you can get upgraded to star class, which bascially means no one under 21 allowed!...yep not allowed even with a parent. They have a separate family friendly screening. So yeah I love it.....plus you can order food, 10X better than harkins food and you can enjoy a nice glass of beer.. $7 for a blue moon was ok but cheaper elsewhere of course.So if you hate when people/kids bump your seats, come here and enjoy the space, food and drinks...Oh and the service was awesome too, so friendly and ready to serve!
3	We tried this theater for no other reason than it was close and it was playing a children's movie (Mars Needs Moms). I knew nothing about it before we went. Unfortunately, the new spring training complex behind the theaters was not built to include parking for fans, so the Pavillions parking lot also doubled as a baseball parking lot, and it was packed the night we went. There were parking attendants stopping cars heading towards the theaters, trying to charge $5 for parking. When I explained that we were just going to the movies, I got a puzzled look, but he let me through without paying. I don't remember the exact ticket prices, but it was $26.50 for two adults and one child, which seemed about normal for a non-matinee movie. We then went to the concession stand and ordered a small bag of popcorn, two pretzels and two drinks, which totaled $27. A bit on the steep side for my liking, but whatcha gonna do? The pretzels were frozen and needed to be cooked, so the clerk offered to bring them to us in the theater, which was a first and a very nice surprise. He was very friendly and helpful, and bringing us the pretzels just proved the point. The theater was very clean, and I really like the renovations they made. I LOVE stadium seating, but the 3-D movies I can do without. My daughter seemed to enjoy it though, so I guess there is a market. All in all it was a decent experience. I didn't have any of the problems some of the other reviewers had, but I did think that spending over $50 for a movie and basic snacks was a bit extreme. I also tried the demo of the moving theater seats, and I will definitely be avoiding those theaters. I'm sure it sounded good on paper, but it just made me want to puke and in no way would it ever enhance my movie experience.
1	I was on vacation in Scottsdale and decided to go to the movies. Ultra Star Cinema double charged my card at the consession stand. When I called to inquire about a credit, the night manager would not credit me the second overcharge. Then she took my name and phone number (most likely to brush me off) and never returned my call with a resolution. I find it completely unethical to take a consumers money without reason and unprofessional not to return a promised call. Do not use this theatre they will scam you out of your money, literally.Horrible customer service.
5	I love this cinema. It's a bit more expensive than others but it is incredibly clean, the 21+ theater is a great concept (why shouldn't I be able to enjoy a drink with a move?) and the seats are so comfortable! I wasn't surprised when the old theater at Pavilions closed--it was filthy--and I'm just thrilled with the new one. They have pretty good food, too. It's as good as Farelli's and it features first-run movies.
5	The great thing about watching movies in your home is your comfy couch, the ability to drink whatever you want, and the luxury of whomever you are with asking "can I grab you anything while I am up?"The sucky thing about watching movies in your home is that they aren't brand new, your TV isn't the size of a movie screen, your surround sound can't possibly be as good, and you don't have movie theater popcorn.But wait... what if you could have ALL of those things! YES! That would be amazing! Drinking a beer on a couch with surround sound watching the latest release with a giant artery clogging bag of popcorn.I know what you are thinking. I do. "Amber, that is just TOO good to be true..." and "That only exists in HEAVEN."Nope, faithful fan, untrue. This (and more) exists at UltraStar Cinemas.The 9 theaters that cater to 21+ (NO KIDS!) allow you to drink beer/wine, provide servers that bring you drinks and food during the show, amazing recliners, foods like hummus and paninis, and awesome customer service. This past weekend Dallas G and I decided to catch a flick (Lincoln Lawyer - great flick) and the next showtime was UltraStar. We raced over, ordered our beers and hummus, and popped into 21+ theater 9. Unfortunately, they oversold and we started to freak. But have no fear, the theater attendant saved the day by talking to his manager and getting us in the VIP section. What does this mean? Well, we got our own room with couches, our own surround sound with volume control, our own AC, and our own server. People walked by thinking we were famous (maybe Katy Perry and Russell Brand, even)... No brainer.
5	I'll miss the $1 loyalty cup refills at Harkins, but that's about it.  UltraStar is my new go-to theatre in the Valley.  It's clean, the StarClass theatre seats are ridiculously comfortable, and they serve all kinds of amazing food and beers!  I could go on, but you really should try this place for yourself, immediately.
4	UltraStar cinema is a fun experience when you feel like splurging.  I went and saw a movie in the Star Class theaters, and had a good time.PROS:  -- Big Comfy Seats with big armrests-- Great Decor-- Serves Beer and Wine-- Friendly Staff-- POPCORN.  Can I just say, OMG...they have cheddar, caramel, and kettlecorn popcorn.  TIP - get the cheddar and caramel mix together.  It's delicious.CONS:  -- Portion size on food.  We definitely went all out on the food and ordered the quesadilla ($7-$9), hummus ($7), and nachos ($7-9).  For the prices, they definitely skimp on the portion size.  -- Taste was bland.  The food was very mediocre unfortunately and didn't have a lot of flavor.  -- No tray space or place to put your food.  The biggest design flaw at this theater is, there's no tray for holding your food.  So you're stuck playing this game...where am I putting the food?  Armrest? Floor? Lap?  Kind of annoying when you feel like stretching out in your seat.  Maybe a consideration for the theater...when people get food, leave a tray on a trayjack somewhere so there's extra room for plates.-- Beer is priced at $7.25 a glass.  When you're paying that much for a Blue Moon, you're expecting a normal size glass.  NOPE, you get a small glass of beer.  My recommendation, stick with the wine as the size is normal.-- Halfway through our 7pm movie, our waiter dropped the check off and gave us last call.  Hmmm a bit early?Overall I like the concept of UltraStar.  I'll definitely be returning...but I'm not willing to pay for the food or beer.  I'll just stick to the popcorn and wine.
4	Let me start by saying this place has the best CHEESE popcorn I HAVE ever had at a movie theatre....PERIOD. Okay just wanted to get that out of the way first....LOL. Now as for the Cinema itself....well considering it has only been around for 7 months or so....i must say I was very impressed. The staff was very friendly and professional.....the Cinema has everything to offer from a great food lounge.....and let me say the prices are not bad either.....to a various array of movie options. All the movie rooms are fully digital....3D capable.....DBox motion seats....and the Star Class are for 21 and over only. Now night shows for adults run 9.75 per person....if you see a movie in Star Class it is 2 bucks more....3D 3 bucks more.....and DBox motion seats......8 bucks more.We got a great deal with "Deal Chicken" which is like Groupon and Living Social so we used our voucher for tonight's show. There were only 40 seats in our Cinema....side by side....wide chairs....with plenty of legroom and no one could walk in front of you. They even have a red button you can push at anytime during the movie to call for a waiter to take your order or assist you with any problem. The reason this locale didn't get 5 stars was because the walls are very thin. We could here the other movie next door at times....and that was very distracting. I am planning on making a call to the Cinema tomorrow to talk to the manager about that very issue.  However that didn't get anyone down....we truly enjoyed our movie and I highly recommend that anyone who reads this to give this cinema a try and don't forget THE CHEESE POPCORN!!!!  Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
5	Review #800  I had to wait for a great place to feature for #800.  Enter: Parent morning movies... in a theater that offers changing tables and dim lights in addition to their ultra nice seating, VIP rooms, 21+ beverages, good food service, incredibly friendly staff, and caramel popcorn.  I'm in!!  Oh, and did I mention it's a beautiful, clean theater, too?WHO: All mommies, daddies, and other care-giversWHAT:  Go see a movie with your lil one!WHEN: Wednesday mornings and occasional featured nights. WHERE:  Listings for participating Ultra Star theaters are here... http://www.ultrastarmovies.com/parent_movie_morning.aspHOW: Because Ultra Star theater is AWESOME.WHY:  Because you deserve to get out and enjoy a movie... bonus that it's a movie with Early-Bird prices of $5.75!I wanna give a shout-out to the management, staff and... whoever thought of parent movie mornings to begin with.  It was nice to get out of the house with my lil one, to do something that I used to take for granted when I wasn't a parent. haha  And then to get there and have the theater so nicely set-up, complete with changing tables and dim lights... well that was amazing.  All of the care-givers there were relaxed, happy and able to enjoy a movie without worrying about missing a part if their lil one fussed.  We all had nothing but praises for your kid-friendly attitude and made plans to meet often.  Thank-you Ultra Star Cinema for a new, great experience.  It's been a while since a place surprised me so much (in a good way)!  See ya there!
3	Things I love:Close to my house.Not at a mall.Comfy seats.Things I don't love so much:I need a booster seat for most of the seats.  Seriously.  Even when no one is in front of me, the back of the seat is in my view.It's sometimes difficult to see a movie that is NOT 3D, D-BOX, or Star Class.  I was forced to see Pirates (which I was not happy about seeing to begin with) in either 3D or Star Class...both with an upcharge.And the number one reason I can't give UltraStar the 4th star?Specialty popcorns are available only in the 55-gallon drums.  Why?  They're not even made there, but scooped from a 110-gallon drum from underneath the counter.  So why can't they scoop it in a bag instead of the drum?  Am I complaining because of the cost?  No, at $7, it's only 50 cents more than their outrageous pricing of a smaller size anyway.  Is it because I can't eat the contents of the drum?  That's a stupid question.  The problem is I WILL eat the contents of the drum, which means I can't order it.  Fix that and I'll be a fan.
1	I've seen two movies here, and wouldn't have returned today if the movie weren't free... (We were seeing an advance screening of Super-8 today!) Though I doubt I'd return even for a free film after today's experience. Without going into a detailed story:-The seats are mildly uncomfortable but distractingly noisy - they squeak whenever anyone adjusts position in their seats, so all film long.-The popcorn is priced as though it were premium, but even the "actually premium" flavored popcorns, at $7 for a medium, are not fresh, which was a major disappointment for the price. Their standard popcorn was mediocre.WORST: They have all-digital projection, which I usually prefer, but the projector in the theater I was in today (#2) was out of alignment somehow. The distance between the red and blue light, on the right half of the image, was enough that it felt like I was watching one of the old red-blue 3D films; the colors were all off and there were colored halos around anything high-contrast. If I had paid for tickets, I would have walked out in the first minute.Annoying seats, mediocre concessions, and to top it off bad projection? I guess if you were drinking at their bar, you might not notice? Ugh.
3	I visited Ultra Star Cinema with too high of expectations based upon the reviews I read. The cafe does not feel European... it definitely feels like you are in a movie theater that just has some added amenities. The theater chairs are larger than normal and feel like a recliner (without putting your feet up). I also like how the theaters are smaller and don't allow noisy kids due to the serving of alcohol. Just for the full experience, my husband and I ordered quesadillas from our seat with the push of a button. They have menus on the back of the seat in front of you to order from. Overall I was impressed with my visit but I don't know that I need my movie going experience to be all that. I mostly go to the movies to go to see the movie. I prefer to go out to a cafe before or after the movie instead of being charged a higher price for the movie tickets.
5	"Welcome to Ultra Star. May I take your order?"Seriously, we have our own personal waiter?"Here's our menu. Would you something to drink?"Wait, you serve wine and beer? By the way, your seats are ridiculous. Did you contract with an airline to purchase from their first class seat vendor? Oh, and loved that only 40 people - all over 21-years old - were in the theater. And all the seats are set as doubles? Perf.Too bad there isn't one in Nashville. I'd be there every weekend."Ma'am, how was your panini?"Perf I tell you, absolutely perf.
4	I have been an AMC/Harkins viewer since I was a kid.  A friend at work, said who wants to go see the new X men movie tonight, I have free tickets. Yes, I do. Cool. They were to a newer theater in Scottsdale. I pull up and remember this use to be the old united artist theater that was horrendous. We walk in and I immediately notice this isnt the same old UA. The interior is beautiful. The people were really nice and helpful as Ive never been to this type of theater. The theater has a couple 21 plus theaters, where you can get food and alcoholic drinks sent right to your seats. We were not in one of those theaters so I cannot speak to those. We were a normal theater and the first thing I notice is the leather large seats. They were very comfortable, puts the AMC/Harkins brand to shame. They recline nicely too. The movie started without previews too. I am not sure if this was because it was a first run movie, or because they had a promo for the showing.I will be back and my search for a movie theater is over...
3	Went here for Father's Day with my sister and dad to go see the new X-Men movie. I had never been before and had wanted a little something extra to make the movie a special experience. The downside is that it was a bit of a hike from where I live (many other theaters closer), but the great thing is that a matinee movie in a fancy theater like this is the same price as a normal theater.The seats were comfortable, there is seat side order service by the press of a button, and any seat is a good seat. The down side is they only have seats in pairs of 2. Purchasing the ticket online was kind of tricky to and it didn't show where our seats were so the ticket attendant (after sending us to the theater) had to run down and find our seats.
5	Service at your seat!! =D Food and drinks!! Beer and wine!! What else could you ask for!! The VIP room's is the way to go, with the huge cushy leather couch, privacy and did I mention no inconsiderate patrons talking or eating in your ear!! Your next special occasion you got to give it a try! We got a sneak peek on how they prepare their flavored popcorn, I could'nt believe it was made there! Too bad there is not one in Californina I guess I need to go back out to visit the theater and have the best movie experience EVER!
5	So I'm a big movie buff, and I absolutely love going to the movies! With that said, this is my favorite theater hands down! This place has good prices, comfy seats, and great popcorn (the caramel is incredible). It also features a little cafe with decent food if you're hungry. But I'll tell you, the thing that makes this place 5 stars is the people! They remember your face, always say hi, and just plain nice! It's amazing what difference a friendly smile makes!
5	Great movie theater----staff so friendly!!!    If you love movies and comfy, clean theaters at reasonable price, check it out!!!!    Parking so easy and close as well.
5	This has become my movie theate of choice. The location is great, Parking is close & easy. The Star Class theatres have ample leg room and extremely comfortable WIDE seats. They serve you food & drinks in Star Class. Look for $6.00 coupons in the newspaper weekly.
3	Very comfortable way to get out of the AZ heat.  Not so happy that for some reason we had an upcharge of $2 to see "Bridesmaids".  I'm still not clear why there was an upcharge...but since I guess I have no choice...fine, whatever.  Seats are really comfortable, and not too close to each other.  I sat in it thinking it should really recline and that would make it even better.  Popcorn was good, but I love all movie popcorn.  Paid 600% markup on bottled water, as usual at a movie theater.  I really need to start smuggling drinks in with me.
2	To start, we purchased tickets 45 minutes prior to the midnight opening of Harry Potter. Unbelievably we got awesome seats in a small theater with comfy seats + the screen was IN DIGITAL!!!!OK so where to start. I did not print my tickets, bad idea. Upon arriving I assumed I could walk up to the box office and get them. This was not the case. They said all I needed was a confirmation number which luckily I brought my phone and opened my email and bam...right there. She said good then just walk up to the podium and give the gentleman your confirmation number, afterwards the gentlemen pointed me to the otherside where another gentlemen asked for what seat numbers. I had to pull out my phone again since the guy did not have a computer to go off of. And he put us in the wrong theater where the seats were already taken. After going back to the box office we finally made it into the theater, and sat down. There was waiter service upto 20 minutes into the movie, after that its on you. Not bad and really good idea. The theater was small and you can hear every one or all 15 people that was. Lucky for us though we had an all adult crowd. Now the reason why I only gave it 2 stars. The sound!!! I felt like I was watching a TV. Everything was coming from the front speakers. Which I did not feel immersed in the action. Also if someone coughed you could hear it over the sound as if they were sitting right next to you. Now I come to theaters to get immersed with sound and visual. As much as they put money into the visual I though they went cheap on the sound and removed the entire theater boom experience, and in my book thats a huge no no. If they fix the sound and dampen the theater to more sound proofing then I will definitely make a return. Overall: Everything was excellent, but the sound was worse then watching TV late night with the volume on low so you don't wake anyone. If they fix the sound I will revisit and give it a 5 stars.Until then...2 star fo you!
5	This is a surprisingly nice cinema! While many are rundown these days, this one seems new, modern, state-of-the-art. The seats are quite comfortable and there is a full bar inside! I heard mention of a "21 and over" theater. I can't confirm its existence but it sounds great. There was a mess-up with my tix (purchased online) and the management handled it well. It was a good experience overall!
3	Just saw my first film at UltraStar tonight- Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Part II in 3D D-Box.  I imagine that the 715p showing was empty (there were three other attendees, all in D-box seats) due to the movie being out ten days now, and bec. these seats were expensive!  Adults $20.75, students $17.50, and seniors $16.50.  The $4 upcharge for D-box seating over 3D pricing ($12.50 at most houses) is, for me, worth it, although I would like to suggest future D-box technology designs to allow moviegoers to customize the 4D intensity levels to their tastes-- I kept wishing the "rides" to be a bit edgier than they were.  I'm sure that future screenings will be more rewarding.  (I thought, more than once, how I would've loved to experience "Avatar" in 3D D-box!!)Besides my finding the 4D* experience to be a little anti-climactic, I and another attendee felt like we were in an icebox 30 minutes into the film (HP runs 130 minutes, folks!  Bring a couple layers of clothing when you go, and make sure you do a restroom break before setting in-- you've been warned!).  I'll be back to check out the dining options soon... I've yet to experience iPic, so I don't have anything for comparison, but asked an usher if UltraStar was similar to iPic in that we can eat dinner while watching a movie, and he said yes.  Psst!  Thursdays are discount days at UltraStar!  Most movies are around $6.25...  D-box seats are $2 less, as well.  Oh, and be sure to arrive early enough to "reserve" your D-box seats--you'll be pulled aside to choose your seats as these will have to be activated for the 4D experience.  (*Note on 4D-  Aside from the few rollercoaster rides and a dusting of vertigo, I don't consider that I had the 4D experience tonight.  Not while viewing Harry Potter, anyway.  I've had the 4D "Immersion" experience at Baltimore's National Aquarium many, many moons ago; I was jabbed in the shoulders and waist, misted w/ water, and felt "mice" run next to my legs, among other things!  Now, THAT was intense!  So much so, that most of the children in attendance were moved to tears and crying moans.  :(  Tsk, tsk to those parents who ignored all the placards asking those w/ skittish children and toddlers to skip the Immersion experience.)
3	Went to see a movie last night here. The movie theater is nice but not as amazing as IPIC. Ordered a couple of popcorn's and my husband and guests complained they were stale. I took a bite and just thought it was cold. I returned it and got another cold batch. Oh well...the lady was nice and told me to come back in ten min if I wasn't happy and she would replace with fresh popcorn. My question here is why wouldn't you of just told me to come back in ten since you were making a fresh batch? Anyway seats are comfy and place is clean.
2	Where to begin to tell this tale of woe.  We arrive at approximately 10:18 am for a 10:20 showing.  Clue #1 this is not going to be a happy ending--although it's the first showing of the day, we are charged for a full price ticket.  I question why the price is so high, and basically get "I don't know," but it is corrected.By 10:35 previews have not begun.  We are the only ones in the theater so we ask if we are in the wrong theater.  They double check our tickets, send us back in, and call for assistance.  Another employee comes in, also checks our tickets, and calls for the movie to begin.  All is well until..With roughly 15 minutes left of the movie, guests begin to file in for the next movie creating chaos.  An employee then has a conversation over the RADIO about what is happening.  At this point, our movie is abruptly cut, and we are directed to the manager to whom I am already planning to pay a friendly visit.The manager does apologize but tries to justify a problem in their schedule (the 10:20 movie was supposed to be a 10:20 pm showing) and convince me they had done us a favor by playing it anyway.  They also offer free passes and offer to have us join the 11:30 showing for the ending, which was about an hour behind!  While I am trying to explain the favor would have been to not run nearly two hours of a movie only to cut it, but to be up front about the problem BEFOREHAND, I hear laughter in the background.  Yep, it's my husband who has suddenly found this whole thing humorous.  Now while I'm trying to listen to the manager's excuse that they were "hoping" it would be over in time (don't movies have published running times?) my husband's laughter in the background is becoming increasingly deafening.  That's all I can focus on.  It's ringing in my hears, and my head is about to explode.I am thrown off my game, and I accept 4 free passes I don't want just to get out of there and redirect my attention to Mr. I Just Made a Big Mistake, which I did all the way home.  That's when I remember the refund.  To salvage the rest of the day, I offer to let my husband return to the theater for the refund and record the conversation to prove me to me he did so without any kind of "wow, sorry dude that my wife is mean" kind of banter.Only taking off one star because the manager was apologetic. However, I did not appreciate the attempted spin that they were trying to accommodate us.  Wasting nearly two hours of my time to see "almost" an entire movie is not accommodating.  And train your employees!  Start with the one up front who doesn't notice that $19.50 doesn't seem quite right for two early morning tickets.And in case you're wondering, the movie was "Crazy, Stupid, Love."  It begins with a wife asking her husband for a divorce.  I don't know how it ends.
3	I like this place.  I really do.  But I like hot dogs and popcorn when I go to the movies, too.  The seats are comfortable, the place is clean and there's lots of theatres.  The problem:  every time I go to get a hot dog it's more like a Slim Jim.  They're hard and overcooked and it forces me to have them make me a fresh one which takes lots of time.  And the popcorn is almost always stale.  If they could get those two things right, this place would get five stars from me.
4	This was a fun experience.....assigned seating is nice.  I would like to try the D-Box seating for an action movie
4	I HATE dealing with kids in movie theaters.  I never go to see a Disney or pixar flick, so I obviously don't want to be annoyed by the non stop chatting and BS that goes along with having kids. (Let me just add that parenting isn't what it used to be.  My mother would have smacked the crap outta me for acting a tenth of the why children today act. Its disgusting.)With Ultrastar I don't have to worry about it.  Just pick movie showing in a Star Class theater and we are assured a nice evening.  I can order a glass of wine or a veggie sandwich and just relax in their comfy chairs.  Love it!!
5	Very happy with the wonderful service. Compared to other theaters I was surprised to find the prices were just about the same. We got pretty excited over the fancy popcorn & adult area seating!
2	eh... the 1st time we went there the lights never went off in the theater. We had to get up and go ask them to turn them off. Also the sound went off before the movie was over. We brought it to their attention and they were very nice, apologized, and gave us a few free passes. They are new and have to work out the kinks I guess.
3	Definitely "A-OK" by me for frequently snagging good "art-house" titles and therefore saving me from having to go to AARP-laden Camelview. (Oh, let me count the movies that have showed here and NOT Camelview...you'd be surprised...thank you, UltraStar Cinemas, thank you for that-!)What I don't like is having to literally *choose* my seat when I purchase my ticket. It's assigned seating. Not a big deal when it's an early matinee on a less-crowded movie. But it's a huge inconvenience when it's a crowded theater and someone walks up to your seat, or you have to walk up to someone - and, despite what the theater tells you, it's not that easy to find your assigned seat once the movie starts. I don't want to have to pick my seat for a two-hour movie - that's ridiculous. If it's one of those simulcasts for opera or a football game, that's one thing - but for a two-hour movie? Arrrgggh... decisions,  decisions. (And, no, the "S" in the seat name doesn't mean "starclass.")  I'm pretty ambivalent regarding having a beer with a flick, though I appreciate the theater's roundabout way of essentially "enforcing" R-rated movies by having some of the theaters be 21+. Because if there's anything that ruins a good movie more than geezers who can't read subtitles, it's little kids screaming and yelling. On that basis alone, I'm tempted to bump the grade up one star by being a "child-free" theater.  I didn't give them a higher grade because the theater staff really "oversells" the "starclass" thing when those shows typically are evening show times only. It doesn't do me any good if I'm there at 3:00pm and I can't get full service until 4:00 or 5:00. Either have it all day, all shows, or not at all, otherwise it's really misleading people. A-OK, with potential for Woo-hoo!
4	I enjoy this theater.  It is clean, new and the staff is friendly.  I really like watching movies in the Star Class theater.  The seats are spaced further apart.  There are only about 35 seats in the entire theater and you have a waiter or waitress that will take your order and bring you food during the movie.  The star class theater is for 21 and over because they do serve alcohol.  A glass of wine, a panini, popcorn and a movie...What could be bettter!
2	I'm hoping today (Sunday after Thanksgiving) is an exception to my earlier happier experiences at Ultra Star.I took my 10-yo to see the noon showing of the new Muppet film. First problem was that the electric sign at the theater entrance showed it was playing another movie (Thomas & Friends) so there was a bit of confusion. Once we confirmed that it was the right theater and went in to sit down, we were hit by an overwhelming smell of poop. I guess Thomas and James and all of them were way too exciting for some tots.Plus, it was dirty and Ultra Star in the past has been very, very clean.I went outside and got an usher to bring in air freshner which thankfully worked very quickly. He  apologized to us and explained that the earlier showing was Margin Call "which has a lot of older people in there." Huh? Not Thomas? Is this a weird way of blaming the poopy smell on older folks? That's a new one.He also assured us that the theater "will be cleaned up after this show." I pointed out that this doesn't help us now, as we are seeing the movie now not later. He agreed.So, this was a less than satisfying experience. I just hope it doesn't turn back into the trash heap that was the old theater or worse, into another smelly mess like Harkins Camelview.
5	NICEST movie theatre I have been to. This Place is AWESOME! They took a rundown theatre and made it into something special. When you walk in it smells like leather bound books and rich mahogany. The seats are leather or pleather not cheap cloth they have real food here and even serve beer in select theaters. They have D-Box seating where your seat moves with the movie, so if they are driving in a car it feels like your in the car. This place ROCKS!!!!!!!!!!
4	We went on Christmas Day to see The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. I loved that we could order and choose our seats on line, even the type of theater, as it was showing on two screens. This is my first experience at one of the new "ultra" "luxe" theaters, so I have no real basis to which I can compare it.  I was pleasantly surprised at how comfortable the seats in the "Star" theater were. They are a tiny bit stiff, but so much better than traditional theater seats. It would be even better if they reclined with foot rests or had foot rests that could be moved out from under the seat to have that true "lay back and watch a movie" feel. I didn't in the least miss the pillows and blankets that some other theaters tout, just for the sake of germs, cleanliness, etc.  You just don't know.  The screen and sound quality were spot on . . . and the fact that you can order from a real server by pressing a little button is a great feature.  If I had been hungry, I probably would have ordered something from the diverse menu.It was also nice that the theater had comfortable chairs while you wait to be ushered into your theater.  That's a really nice touch.  Oh, how I hate to queue up in a snaked line and wait and wait.  That was a real plus!The bathrooms were completely designed with germophobes like me in mind.  There are buttons you press to get in and out of the door, so you can just use your elbow or another part of your body instead of your bare hands.  Toilets automatically flush (mine was a little slow), and they have the Dyson hand dryers - my fave! Then you just nudge another button to get out!This is definitely on our list for our next movie if they're featuring a show we want to see!  Good job UltraStar!
3	This place has an awesome deal on Thursday nights(not sure if it's all day)!  This is the only time we really go to the movies because the price is better than paying for a student ticket priced at $7.  So for a better theater than harkins or AMC thats a great deal!  I like how far the chairs can recline back but i don't think the regular seats are anything worth bragging over or highly recommending because they feel kind of cheap like a fake leather and definitely not LA-Z boy status.  just a nice theater seat spruced up and not as cushiony.  service cannot really tell you because i have not gotten much interaction with anyone. My boyfriend hands me my ticket we hand it to the ticket stub person and off we go. No customer service to review/critique.From what i can remember the better chairs were okay not on Ipic level but better. is it worth the extra money on a Thursday if you could upgrade id say yes. but on a regular day no.
5	Just went to this theater last night, and it was great!  Started with friendly staff...every one of them! (not common these days)  Went to get a popcorn, and the nice girl suggested...."why don't you press your button at your seat and someone will come serve you!  Take advantage of the service!"  We went to our seat and after we pressed the service button, someone came within a few minutes.  There was a full menu at our fingertips...including alcohol and specialty coffees.  Our seats were comfortable, leather (or pleather), roomy, we could stretch out our legs without touching the chairs in front of us, we had 3 cup holders between the both of us, and the seats leaned back.  Not a bad seat in the theater...we got to pick our seats BEFORE we went into the movie on a touch screen computer/pad.  I'm really impressed with the prices, too, because for just $2 more than a regular, cramped, loud, teenager-infested movie theater, we felt like we were getting First Class treatment, all night!  The snack, food and drink prices are typical for a movie theater; but not more than it would be elsewhere.  Pretzel was about $4.50 and Hummus was about $6.50 for example.  I'm sad to read Ruth Ann's review because it sounds like an isolated incident, and it also sounds like they did a lot to take care of the issues she had...an experience can't be absolutely perfect.  In my case, there was a little bit of stickiness near my cup holder, but that's not something that will bring my experience down an entire star or 3! Go to this theater!  It's really a great night out! (As long as you like the movie you pick, which we did :)
3	We went here last week because I had VIP tickets given to me. I had been wanting to check this place out for several months. I have to say, I was a bit confused when I entered because I didn't see my movie on the show list, but sure enough when I got to the counter and asked, it was playing. I was able to upgrade our seats to the 'D-box' seats (they move with the movie); I thought this was odd, but decided to give them a try. I was not able to get in the theater that served drinks because the show we were seeing wasn't in those theaters. There were two concession areas and one served alcoholic beverages. I didn't see that area into after I bought our snacks at the main concession stand. The prices are the same jacked-up price as any other theater (highly over priced)...then I went by the bar areas - $7 for a bottled beer!I ordered popcorn and buttered it myself, it was excellent (yes, I love popcorn and always eat a TON). They also serve Milkshakes (we got a chocolate, it was ok, mass produced and supplied frozen), our son had a slushy and he loved it. Similar to Harkins, they offer a popcorn rewards program. They offer a loyalty card for $22, which gets you a free popcorn / visit. What I really liked was the fact they offered carmel, cheese and kettle corn for $7.50 (again, too pricey for me but I did taste the carmel and cheese and it was good).Now about these super awesome 'd-box' seats - they sucked. They were uncomfortable and unnatural. However my son totally loved them. (age 11).In the end, I like this theater, I like the 'adult' atmosphere and options, but at the same time I am perfectly fine with my cushy seating in a cheap matinee at my beloved Harkins.
5	Huge transformation!! I remember the Pavilions movies theatre growing up as a staple place to go for movies. Once the economy went downhil, so did this theatre..until now!I've been twice since they re-opened. I went to see a G rated movie and an R rated movie. In the G movie, we took some time to visit the bar beforehand and grab a drink. For the R movie, we had someone give us a menu and come to us in the theatre to grab our drink and food order. I couldn't believe I could have a glass of wine and watch a movie in a theatre! I was in heaven!The seats and theatre itself were very comfortable and clean. I loved both experiences here and will be returning! I wasn't bothered by the prices for the movie since movie tickets nowadays are ridiculous. I'd rather pay the same or a little more for an experience like this than go to a regular theatre. Well worth it!!
1	Not impressed. First, only certain theaters have service. You can order food and take it in but then you have to sit in the seat with a plate in your lap. Not very comfortable. Second, the food is mediocre at best. Tried the hummus and it had obviously been scooped out of a can with what was probably the last of a bag of pita chips. Lots of crumbs. Third, $7.50 for a 12 oz beer is ridiculous. Fourth, we couldn't take drinks into the theater because it is one that children are allowed into. This despite the fact that an R rated movie was playing.  Lastly, the seating is not clear. We entered a theatre during the previews and it was dark and somewhat crowded. We found the two seats together and sat down. But, a manager kicked us out of the seats because they were the special kind that you pay extra for. By this time, there were no other seats other than the second row. Pure digital or not, the picture sucked. They need to have someone to check the tickets of people who try to sit in the special seats. Overall, it was very disappointing.
4	Went here on Sunday to see an early morning showing of Chronicle.  I hadn't been to this theater since it was a United Artist (I think, right?) back in the day.  Boy, have things changed!  After stopping off at the refreshment stand and the espresso bar we sat in our theater (in the Ultraluxe section).  There was only one other person in there besides us so we got our pick of the litter.  The seats were plush leather recliners and probably the most comfortable seats I've ever been in.I'd still pick Harkins just for the pricing structure but might consider renting out a VIP room here someday.
1	showed up at 940 for a 945 show.  mgr greets me at box office and says, sorry, we are done for the night, you are like the tenth person to come in but, moviefone and flickster are wrong, we close early every night except sat and sun.Me: ok, can you give us a couple of passes for a future movie for our trouble?  We planned our whole night around this info.  Him; No, sry not our policy.Me: (a litlle aggravated) its ok, this theatre wont be open in 4 months anyway.  You guys are horrible.Him;  I couldn't care less
3	UltraStar is new to the Phoenix area. It has a spacious lobby with all the warmth of a airplane hanger. Its corporate vibe is immediately apparent in every aspect of the consumer experience. One can almost sense the calculated, committee-approved decision making that dominates the theatre. The concession stand and gourmet coffee bar must seem amusing to Europeans. The seating area has little ambiance and is certainly not a place I'd spend any time hanging out. Boring.The theatre I viewed the film in was serviceable, but nothing outstanding comes to mind. The film started on time. The UltraStar management really would benefit from a visit to a Harkins theatre to get this whole thing 'figured out.'
1	If I could give less stars, I would.Pros:  very nice quality, large screen and neat seats that move to the movie.Cons:  well lets see....We went to see the hunger games.  We had a Groupon for 2 tickets and a large popcorn.  Sounds awesome, I know.  Well we upgraded to the d-box seats that move to the movie for an extra 8 dollars a ticket. The seats were neat and all, but definitely not worth it, and not very comfy...  I wanted to use a coupon I had gotten for signing up for their email list, and was told to go to the box office to have them print it out.  The, what I assumed was the, manager told me he couldn't accept because the fine print, which was invisible, said it HAD to be printed.  Whatever.  Concessions are waaaaaaay overpriced, I mean way more than the already obligatory astronomical movie markup.  In my opinion, you shouldn't charge that much for a small amount of nonrefillable stale popcorn.  (really. Really stale btw).Customer service here sucked.  No one was older than 17, which isn't a bad thing, except that inexperienced management leads to horrible service.  I heard a few times "OK, whatever."  and "well there's nothing I can do".  That and the fact that the place was pretty empty, but for some reason every time you needed someone, no one was there.  Two concession stands and no one there?  Really?  OH!!  And forgot to mention!  Movie was to start at 730.  They wouldn't let anyone in until 720 because they were "cleaning". Sure didn't look clean to me with all the popcorn on our seats...PS- I used to be a movie theater employee, and I'm ashamed of what they are doing to the movie going experience.  Needless to say, I will NEVER be coming back.  Wish I could get a refund and just donate it to a good theater just for being there.
3	04/04/12I used to like the Star class seats--  my first experience was when I treated my two cousins and myself to a screening of "The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo."  Fantastic video and sound (even if it was a bit too loud, I had to exit the room to let management know), lots of room to stretch out your legs, and there were no distractions.Second time was tonight, when a friend and I saw "The Hunger Games."  While the video and sound remained great, I didn't enjoy the experience of food and beverage service- too distracting (the presence of servers, the aroma of ketchup, and then the necessary chatting to place the orders and to purchase).  I suggest touchscreen interfaces where guests may view, place, and purchase orders to lessen distractions, and perhaps the addition of reclining chairs.  Until then, I may have to avoid star class level until the service "bugs" are taken care of.
2	Nice theater with some nice little perks.Seating is comfy but the seats aren't really deep enough to really relax because you can't really recline in these chairs without propping your foot on the seat in front of you.  I know they are similar to the seats at Harkins but they are not the same.Since you are sitting through the entertainment it is important to be comfortable.I liked the concession AND cafe option.  The sandwich and hummus was pretty good.  Really wish they had an option to purchase a cup and get inexpensive refills for the year.  Saves on waste and you get a real idea who your loyal customers are.Will probably go back again to take advantage of the specific event but I remain true to Harkins Theaters.  ;-)
4	I like this place. The boyfriend doesn't. He's partial to Harkins. But I prefer this theater because it's typically pretty empty and we don't have to listen to bratty kids talking through the whole movie. We've been here a couple times - tried their food from the cafe. Ehhh. It was just okay. But the big leather seats are comfy and I really want to try their DBlock seats. They move around with the movie so it's almost like you're on a ride! We sat in the row right behind the DBlock seats and I was so jealous, I just wanted to kick the guy in front of me and steal his seat. Obvi, I refrained. They have specials on Tuesdays and Thursdays and the tickets are only $5. I'll take that over the super expensive tickets at Harkins any day.
5	It's not over-crowded, the theaters are always clean and tidy, and the crew is always friendly and helpful. They have an array of different options from seats that move and rumble with the movie to wait staff that will bring your food and drinks right to your seat with the push of a button. If you haven't gone, then you should, but don't go too often...I like the lack of crowds! :-)
4	My mom and and I practically had the entire theater to ourselves this past Monday afternoon. There were 6 of us total in the entire theater. You walk in, pay, pick which seats you want to sit in, and the rest is history. The fresh carmel and cheese popcorn they were making smelled and tasted fantabulous and the seats were extra comfortable. This would be a great movie theater to come to for a date night.. Hmm. :) Plus if you want, you can order food and drinks from your seat as well. Score!!!!
4	Thirsbusters Make Me ThirstyBy The RueUltra Star or Ultra Lux, The attire here is casual,But you can wear a tux.I saw my movie in the DBox,I really wish I could say,That the experience rocked.Motion seats were kind of cool,The price is way to high,If I did it again I'd be a fool. Here you can adjust your seat,Turn it on or turn it off,Don't get caught beating your meat.I got a bag of butter popcorn,The top quarter was fresh,Don't come expecting to see porn.Like simliar theaters there is a cafe,You can get food, wine and beer,But for $7.50 a beer it ruined my day.If you have to be drunk to watch a flick,Bring a 40 oz. malt liquor with you,And down it in the parking lot real quick.Alchy
4	Actual address for this place in Scottsdale is: 9090E Indian Bend road Scottsdale AZ 85250With a friend we stopped by to watch the movie "Prometheus"I got the gold star tickets for $8 each. We got to pick out our own reserved seats. very comfortable seats with lots of leg room.Food/beer menu is on the back of the seat in front of us. Beer is WAY too expensive, $7.50 per beer. Press the service button to the left and you get a server asking for your order.Movie screen was clear and digital. Much better than Harkin's theater screen.Best part of watching this movie in golds star seats. NO CRYING, Bratty kids in the theater.  Next time i will bring my girlfriend to this theater for a fun relaxing movie night.
5	Great place to see a movie!  Seats are very comfortable and sound is great.  Also went here tonight and found out Tuesday and Thursday are $5 movie night!  Can't beat that!
4	The seats were nice and it was roomy. the cup holder held my cup instead of letting it fall through since I did not get the GIANT DRINK (Mayor Bloomberg says we can't have those any more :) )
5	Great new find! I saw The Amazing Spider-Man here in 3D and in the DBox seats. The only downfall was that their popcorn was disgusting. It seemed stale and burnt at the same time. There is a cafe and full bar as well as many lounge areas inside and out. You can have a dressy date or a casual night at the movies here. I love the versatility. Now, the DBox seats have me hooked! For action movies, they are so fun and I will definitely be back, haha. The guy next to me laughed every time they kicked on, lol, and I giggled some too. My bf had a huge grin on his face as well so I'm guessing two thumbs up from him! I'll be back next time there is a superhero movie for sure. There are also other screens here which offer $8 tickets. You get reserved seating and food is served throughout the movie. Sounds distracting, but maybe I'll give it a chance at some point.
2	Hello my fellow Arizonians......As a reminder.... I am the pickiest person I know and detest not getting my monies worth!Are you up for going to see a movie?  Give Ultra star a shot and see  what you think.I have been here several times and there are pros and cons, so lets start with the pros.The seats are quite comfortable and it is rare that the theaters are full (which right there should tell you something).Thats about it for the pros.Now for the cons.......In "star seating" you can hear the rumble and noise of the theater next to yours, which is very distracting especially when they are playing an action packed show with loud audio.We have tried to order from their menu two different times and the deal is you press the "red" button and someone is supposed to come take your order.I have found this not to be the case, so we just gave up on trying and bring our own drinks and snacks.My last con is, if you are sitting back in your comfy chair you cannot see the bottom of the screen because the seatbacks in front of you are too tall... I realize this sounds odd but I am not kidding.I was at the theater today and I was told the show I was seeing was in theater 10, as the ticket also showed.I sat in the theater (the only one) and the theater was very warm and muggy so I went in the corridor to inquire into some A/C and although I am not sure why I asked, I asked the employee to confirm the movie I came to see was in this theater at which time he advised me they decided to switch theaters and now the movie was in theater 8!Had I have not inquired, I would have been sitting in that theater until the movie was supposed to have started to find out.This was not the first time that happened.I like certain things about the concept of this theater however I do not think they have it all together.I understand there is another such theater called "movie studio theater" which I have purchased tickets for on GROUPON but have yet to use them.I will them a try next time and let you know how that one rates....Until then......Live each day as though it were your last....enjoy!
5	I've been to many movies here.  Friendly staff with yummy popcorn including my friend's fave: kettle corn!  You have got to try the Ultraluxe & D-Box theatres.  I love being able to sit in a movie theatre and have my food delivered to me!  Nice touch!  That's what makes this movie theatre special!
1	I'm very disappointed with the customer service at UltraStar.  My boyfriend and I bought several groupon type deals for tickets.  Last time we went to redeem them, the staff informed us that one of the coupons had already been used despite the fact that it was still marked "unused" by Groupon.  That wasn't a big deal and we went ahead and paid for our movie and went about our day.  It did, however, make me realize that if I buy multiples of their coupons it is impossible to know which have been redeemed and which haven't.The next time we wanted to redeem a Groupon I called the theatre in advance to make sure that my remaining Groupon was still unredeemed.  I didn't want to have to drive the 30 miles to the theatre in scottsdale just to find out that it had already been redeemed.  So I called the theatre to ask if they'd be kind enough to run the Groupon numbers so that I wouldn't have to waste an hour driving up and back to find out the Groupon had been used, and the staff refused to help me.  I even agreed that if they were able to redeem a Groupon and set aside the tickets for me, that I would lose both the tickets and the Groupon should I fail to pick them up.  Even speaking to the manager, he stated he "wouldn't feel right" checking for me.  I'm very disappointed that the manager was willing to let two customers be very inconvenienced just so that he wouldn't have to take the time and effort to ensure that our coupons are still valid.  For a theatre that is supposed to provide excellent customer service and a luxe experience, UltraStar fails in my opinion.
5	First time visitor tonight and will return. Friendly staff, awesome picture and sound quality, comfortable seating and libations.
5	AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME! theater! the best in the valley that I have ever been to! it has luxury theaters, a full bar, full wait services while youre in the movie...this is the only theater that I love to go to!! prices are a little higher but ya pay for what ya get :-) luxury movie goin! check it out, youll love it :-)
3	My first visit to this cinema.  It was a nice place.  Nothing really special, but nice.  It was clean.  The seats are a synthetic leather.  While decent cushion and comfort, they do allow the butt to slide.  Snack bar was nothing special, but they did have a 'cafe' also.  Which was cool (and expensive, of course).The screen was a bit small, but not atypical of many theaters these days.  Sound was pretty good.  Staff very friendly.All in all, not a bad cinema.
3	The movie I wanted was list at this theater but didn't have. So I had pick a second choice. All in all theater seems fine.
3	Just ok.  Been to better.
1	I came here today (a Sunday) with my whole family (two adults and three teenage kids) to see a movie. We walked in and the place was completely empty, regardless of the fact that it was a Sunday night-- no customers present. Anyhow, we went in and proceeded to buy tickets but were refused because all viewers of the movie had to be 17+ because they serve alcohol in the theater...? Despite the fact that all of the teens in our group were chaperoned by parents, some were aged 17, we were still refused. This seems like a dumb concept 1. Considering the poor location of the theatre that once went out of business (that still receives very little business) and 2. That the nearby iPic theaters admit viewers of all ages to their cinemas even though they serve alcohol. When we asked the lady at the ticket counter why the teens in our kids couldn't be admitted with parental supervision, her response was rude and abruptly cross. Regardless of their "policies" or regulations, of which similar and better theaters don't have, we took our business somewhere else. If you are looking for a family environment, please look elsewhere.
4	StarClass is the ONLY way to go at this place! Limited reserved seating + chair service of food and drinks and the big PLUS... you have to be 18 and over to sit in this theater (YES! No screaming kids). It's worth the extra cost of the ticket to experience a movie in peace and with good service.
3	Make sure to check the UltraStar website, not just Moviefone.com, for their "Babies Night Out" showings.  House lights stay on throughout the movie and there is a changing table in the theater for any diaper changes the children may have.  Moviefone.com doesn't state this and it may be an unpleasant surprise if you're taking a date, etc.  The movie we were attending was rated "R," not exactly a child-friendly movie in my opinion.
5	This is our favorite theatre!! Comfy seats, clean, fancy popcorn, serves alcohol...and it's not crowded. The positives goes on & on! I hope they stay in business.
5	Nice little low key cinema at the Pavillions. They constantly have groupon/living social deals for this place which I always purchase. For $15, you get two tickets and a large popcorn with one free refill. Can't beat that! You can also upgrade your popcorn to a bucket of their flavored popcorn - caramel, kettle or cheese, for no additional charge (except there is no refill which is fine because one tub is more than enough). Their seats are comfy leather ones. Some of their theaters also offer waiter services which is nice since you don't have to miss any of your movie. You simply ring the bell by your seat for service. On Tuesdays & Thursdays they run a special for $5 movies, which is something I'll have to take advantage of sometimes.
4	I like this place since the remodel - they have decent snacks and beer. Hot sauce for popcorn and an unlimited supply of jalapeno slices for your nachos. Easy to get in and out of here too. Don't bother with the "rumble chairs" - waste of money.
4	The new UltraStar in Maricopa City is AMAZING.Love it there. Great for having events there.Good food too and great prices.
5	What a wonderful experience, never again will I attend a regular, old movie theatre. Pricing for everything was extremely reasonable (for a movie theatre), and I enjoyed the comfortable seats. Servers were quick and attentive. I loved this concept and will definitely be returning in the near future!
5	I love this place. It's a drive from my house but so worth it. I'm a fan of Pepsi products and they serve Pepsi. The popcorn is FANTASTIC!! I love the butter topping they use. The prices are good as far as movie prices go. The theatres are in good shape, good sound quality. And did I mention the popcorn was awesome?
5	Clean and quite! Dont miss the long lines and craziness that you get at the other theaters in the Valley. UltraStar is our new favorite place for movies. Have heard great things about the StarClass theater, cant wait to try it out
2	Theater was just okay, advertised big comfy seats and I found  seats were actually uncomfortable, no bigger than any normal theater seating and actually reclined back too far. Thought the soda was pricey, only offer 2 sizes, medium or large, large .25 more than medium, made more sense to get the 2 large drinks for $10 than 2 medium for $9.50!  Can't even begin to compare to AMC Esplande. Will most likely not make a return visit!
5	Not only do you walk into a place and think "This doesn't feel like a typical movie theater, it's pretty darn fancy" with a tower skylight and indoor water fountains, but the options of real food instead of junk to eat is fantastic. The coffee and wine bar located on the other side of the entrance make fine drinks and enhance the movie going experience yet again.The final nail in the coffin as to why I choose this theater over any other is that they have D-BOX seats. Not only can I reserve the seat ahead of time and not worry about showing up two hours early for a good seat, but once you've had a full motion viewing all other movie watching seems dull in comparison.
4	I really like UltraStar, they gave me a prize pack for The Conjuring, which I was there to see for the second time. It does not seem that they get very busy, or maybe that I arrived at a time (thursday night) when they were not. Not a very pretentious theater, you are immediately greeted by the concession stand and the guest/ticket services are to your left. A bit different since I am used to attending the AMC/Harkins theaters with their box office jutting out at you. Customer service was friendly although it was a little confusing deciding beforehand where to sit for their Star Class seating. The ticket worker was nice enough to let us peek into a theater beforehand to see how the theater looks. We chose the perfect seat: a middle row two seat recliner. Everything went smoothly save for some clueless girls who were sitting in our seats. After we disposed of them, the seats were very comfortable! The popcorn needs work though, the kernels were too small. I did not participate in the bar/coffee bar situation they had going on, but I will always come back to this theater for one reason: the D-Box seats!
5	First time to this theater last night and must say was impressed.   The seats are comfortable and place is clean and cool inside.  I will be going back for sure in future.
4	Only three other people in this theatre for the early showing of Two Guns. It was $5.50. Surprised at the setup, but this would clearly stink if all 30 seats in the tiny place were full. Great sound system and the reclining seats are nice, but if crowded you wouldn't be able to put your feet on the seat in front. Did not like or need the teenage employee getting in front of the crowd before the show and make a speech about "i'm your host, enjoy the show, turn your cell phone off" Nobody listens anyway, but less of a chance of an idiot or two at a matineee. Nobody drinks coffee in the AM either because half the snack bars were closed.
4	This is a good theater.  They usually have a nice selection and often show independent films.  I like their VIP seating area.  The reason that I gave a 4/5 is because their menu for VIP seating leaves much to be desired.  The menu is basically just a bunch of panini's that aren't that different from each other.  Mine was okay---super cheesy---felt like I was eating a $12 grilled cheese.    Ipics has a better food selection.  This theater is the closed theater with VIP seating and dinner service during the movie to my condo so I am there frequently and do consistently enjoy myself :)  I just wish their food was better!
5	Love this movie theater! Super homey and nice! Seats recline and they have some theaters that are extra nice and have a waiter! Also, pricing is reasonable! Haven't tried the food though so no comment on that.
5	So tonight we went and saw Anchorman 2 and earlier bought tickets online. There was apparently was an issue with the process and when I got there my ticket was not in their system. Instead of giving me flack and having to go through the entire process again, the woman at the ticket office, whom I believe to be the manager, apologized for the issue and issued me a ticket no questions asked. Now this is an example of excellent customer service. One comp'd ticket goes a long way with me and will now be frequenting this theater when I go see future films. The theater was also clean, comfy and the rest of the cast working at the time was great. I definitely recommend the UltraStar Theatres for a great all around movie viewing experience!
5	Love this theatre! Great place to meet friends and see show!Good food at the Wine Bar!
5	Love this place. DEFINITELY get the D-box upgrade for action movies. Worth it! It is pricier than some of the theaters, but why not. You get to reserve your seats, you can get a cup of coffee and a legit meal. Also the employee's are nice people!
4	Big fan of this place, first showing of a movie on any day is super cheap and the theater is always clean.  Oh, did I mention they have a full bar?
1	Customer service was very poor. Maybe I came on an off day but none of the three attendants up front were very helpful today. Questioning if I ever want to go back now.
5	Very clean, modern, excellent sound and picture. My only regret is that I didn't know that they had fresh caramel popcorn until after the movie.
4	Nice theaters in a good location, right off the 101 in Scottsdale. They serve alcohol, so you can actually buy a drink and enjoy the movie.
4	Tried the Dbox seats!  They were pretty cool. It was a fun experience - good location and theatre was clean& friendly
4	This theater is clean and quiet, the best place to watch a movie in town. They seem to have a hard time doing business but to your benefit good chances you may have the theater to yourself.
2	We usually go to AMC Esplanade with their CinemaSuites so wanted to try out the UltraStar UltraLuxe experience. I just want to start by saying the folks from UltraStar need to go to AMC to learn how to do this. It is not worth the premium. The chairs don't recline, squeak (not great for a movie theater), are not super comfortable because the backs are way too lose.  You can't rise the menu, no lighting provided at seats. No tray tables for food. Service is severely lacking. The girl seemed annoyed at having to serve us. The panini was alright, but served to us like warm to cold. Seriously? It is not stadium seating like AMC so you are looking up at the screen and it is a very small screen at that. I would never choose this over the AMC Esplanade . Not even in the same ballpark.
4	I hadn't been to this location in years but I sure did remember the reasons I liked it.  One huge parking lot so you can see how crowded it is beforehand,easy access to it from Pima or if you're in that section of the Pavillions shopping center. I liked the machines in front where you could buy your tickets with any form of payment.  The snack bar was just what you'd expect, over priced candy ($4.00, & $3.75) they have an imitation milkshake that wasn't too bad. The soft pretzels we got were anything but soft,but they were exchanged for softer ones using.....the microwave.  So if you get a pretzel tell em' to nuke it afterwards to soften it up. it is worth noting they had 4 different types of flavored popcorns,I like the traditional but if you like caramel,or kettle corn it's nice to have the option.  After you give your ticket to the stub man you'll notice another snackbar with all types of alcoholic beverages, I also avoid alcohol at theatres considering the massive amount of food I usually ingest while sitting down. I liked the theatre,it had a lot of room between the seats so when I needed to go return a pretzel I could walk through the aisle without disturbing my fellow patrons. The fact that you had to be 21 or over to be in this place makes it that much quieter,not only in the theatre,but in the lobbies and restrooms as well. It also helped with the overall cleanliness, as the place was very well kept. I would like to try the moving seats and would definitely return to this location.  Even though I live in Phoenix I think it was worth the drive, I saw the movie Chef and it was a great movie we enjoyed it,and the whole experience immensely.
4	This past weekend was my first visit to the Ultrastar for a 6:45 movie on Saturday night.I'm a big fan of the relatively new concept of movie theaters serving alcohol, having bars, lounge areas, etc. So much so that I basically do not go to regular movie theaters any more. In the Phoenix area, I've been to the Ipic, the AMC Esplanade, the Studio Movie Grill and now this place. I think that may be all four in the Phoenix area with this concept, although I'm not sure.I enjoyed this theater a lot. Not quite as good as the Ipic, but about the same as the Esplanade, which is plenty good. Small bar area once you get past the ticket-taker. The movie theater that i was in had around 30-40 seats, so it was smaller. But, it was very nice. The seats seemed new and clean. Plenty of space. Between every two seats, there is an extra amount of separation, not considering the aisle. The service was good and the bathrooms were updated and clean.In regards to some of the negative comments of other users: 1) Screen is smaller than usual, but so is the theater. It's still plenty big. 2) I didn't see any seats that looked uncomfortable. They were all the same in the theater that I was in. I suppose that could be different depending on which theater you're in. If you sit in the front row in any movie theater, you will be uncomfortable; not just this place. On a side note, they did have an issue with the tickets that I purchased online. I think this is fairly irrelevant because they handled the issue very well and I don't think it happens often. I purchased two tickets online in the second from the back row. When I got to the theater, I was told that the seats got double booked and the other party was already there and in the seats. They had open seats in the second to the front row, but they also offered us the private room in the back of the theater. Which of course we chose. They also gave us free tickets for next time.
3	Ditto the above. plus it's great for the budget and a nite out & not infront of my tv. It's easy to rent but this is better
