5	Located at the Monte Carlo Hotel, this restaurant was a pleasant surprise.  We were lucky enough to be there for it's first day of business.  Although, the dining room was fully booked, we were able to find a seat in their lounge / bar area.  While seated on the low couches, which does have a table, we ordered from the full menu. To start we chose a very nice Cab wine from Paradigm Winery that was suggested by one of our waitresses, Rose.  You will notice several wait staff always available to help you out.  Our first course was Caesar salad.  The dressing was not over done and was just enough to not get us too full.  The crouton's were an excellent addition to the salad. For our appetizer we order crab cakes.  These were fantastic!  I would not expect such fresh tasting Lump Crab Meat from a restaurant in Las Vegas. Fantastic!  For our main course we ordered the "The Ultimate Steak"!  This porterhouse come in 40, 80 and I think 160 oz sizes.  Since it was just the two of us, we chose the 40. We also added to the steak Lobster Thermador.  Along with the steak comes two sides.   We went with the Lobster Mashed and the Asparagus. The presentation was fantastic.  The steak was served already cut with the Porterhouse Bone upright in the center.  The flavor was fantastic.  The cut was prime and very tender on both sides of the bones.  It was also accompanied by two sauces.  Although they were not needed, they did add an nice flavor to the steak.  The sides were also very good.  Especially the lobster thermador.  My wife, whom does not like Lobster, could not stop eating it.  The other two sides were just as spectacular. Especially the Asparagus with a fantastic sauce.. As we got down to the bottom of our 2nd bottle of the 2004 Paradigm Cab, we checked out the dessert menu. This menu did not do the rest of the meal justice. Good thing for the waitstaff that was able to interpret the menu.  We went with the Strawberry Baked Alaska.  It was a great dessert we would be regretted if we overlooked it..  We both came to the conclusion there was really noting bad we could say about the meal.  The only slight issue that is worth mentioning is the temperature of the steak.  Again, it was fantastic but it was a bit on the cool side.  This was either due to the time we took consuming our crab cakes or the fact the is comes sliced to the table.  All in all, the was one of the top 5 Steak places we have visited.  The prices were very fair and comparable to other high end steak houses. We look forward to our next trip to Vegas to enjoy this place again.
5	Monte Carlo's new restaurant was drawn in by the decor.  It was very nice and simple.  I ordered the "ultimate steak" which was a 40oz porterhouse steak and game with Gratin.  The steak was perfectly cook and gratin was  so good.  I also got a piece of the New York steak which i highly recomment.  The only down fall was the service at the end...took about 20 minutes to get our check.  But overall will go back to the restuarant
3	The Vegas Slider Pilgrimage continues - is this the last stop ?!?!?The exception to the ground beef rule - the veal cheek slider !hit Brand last night - part of the Light group restaurant chain ( fix. stack, etc ) similar to those places - they put twists on old favs, but the bottom line, this place is a steakhouse.  my focus the sliders, but real quick - the other dishes ( brought the gf on this trip  and we ordered WAY TOO MUCH )  - the veal porterhouse - not good - very little quality meat on the bone !!  the mushrooms, mac and cheese and lobster mashed - the mushrooms ( 3 sides cost $24 )  get the nod ! the lobster bisque with what i believe was a bacon/goat cheese grilled sammie ( $11) - 2 lil chunks of lobster and a whole-lotta cream in that bisque.  the sammie was tasty !! and what appear to be a trend - the drinks - some pineapple thingy with bitters - there can't be more than 4 ounces of liquid - $11 - yeah, whatever !now the sliders - it came with a generous portion of tasty fries.  2 veal cheek sliders with a bbq style sauce - a little too much sauce - but the veal cheek ?  i liked it.  very tender, nice flavor - i believe it cost $17 .  the total bill $130.also a side note - decor - not as "creative" as their other restaurants - the gf liked the flower arrangement , whatever !  no dessert - hit the craps table afterward - everyone at the table wanted the leftovers - hit the hard 10 3 times  made over $300 - got the hell out of Dodge !
4	It's your average steak house with white table clothes and dark wood overtones.  I would have preferred to have gone to some place a bit more creative, but what the bachelor wants he gets.  This place wasn't to busy and my friends who left the restaurant for a smoke got stopped and asked if they were on the guest list.  Are you serious?  This place had a bar lounge area, but I wouldn't consider that a place for a guest list.Anyway, the food is your typical steakhouse.  I gave them 4 stars because the service was great, it better be since there weren't too many people in there.  Also, the table liked the lovely ladies serving us.
5	We got married here in Monte Carlo! And the second time around, we went again and visits Monte Carlo just last month. Brand was offerring some promotional coupons that we took advantage. And yes! bingo! This place is highly recommended! Drinks! are awesome! We are red wine lovers so they did a very good job! Their steaks are 100% recommended! Service is the best! The ambience of the place are so clean and hip and really just a nice place to lounge in. You won't be disappointed if you try this restaurant!!! A++++++++++++
4	Well deserving of 4 stars--it would need a bit more creativity with appetizers and sides etc. to get another star from me.Hostesses and wait staff were all personable and professional.  We were met, greeted and escorted to our table promptly.  Friendly but not overly so.  Efforts are made to employ good looking people and the female staff should please the lads and dads.  Service was polished and prompt.We both enjoyed the steak very much--"himself" got the filet mignon and I tried the Flank (or whatever it is called that is flatish).  His was so tender you could eat with a fork--mine which is a more robust/flavorful cut arrived sliced, and was very good,too.  They came with 2 sauces --worchestershire and black peppercorn--served on the side.  Neither cut of meat really needed any enhancement.  We both ate every bit.We tried scalloped potatoes and asparagus.  Note:  sides are not huge as in some steak houses--if you are a hearty eater you may need 2 all for yourself!  Dessert was the bananas foster bread pudding with ice cream which was "deconstructed"  (i.e. do-it-yourself with brioche type bread pudding accompanied by sliced bananas and syrup),  and it was just to die for.  Big portion which --in all honesty--was so good I would eat the entire thing myself next time -calories be damned.The room is dark wood, modern with emphasis and mood created by light and dramatic (spare) asian-style floral arrangments.   Good for a business party or for a date.  The room is open to the casino.  We sat further into the room--which would be my choice in the future,too--bit more private and intimate, and far from the noise of the casino.Diners were a diverse group.  This was Memorial Weekend Monday. Moms and Dads from mid-America, newly-weds and younger hip people.  It was not terribly busy.We didn't spend time in the bar--it looked inviting.I would eat there again.  Note: the day after we had dinner--I saw special deals for dinner for 2--which would have represented quite a bargain--makes me wonder if the place is still trying to establish itself--hope it does.
4	Ate here under my lightgroup bday package. I'm not really a steak eater but everyone wanted a steak so here we are. Everything served here was really good. I am used to chain restaurant portions but they really delivered. I don't think anyone really finished their food over the 4 courses. The mac and cheese sides was really good. They put large pasta shells with this really creamy cheese. This isn't no freaking kraft product thats for sure. Man I love their hostesses, super cute in them little black dresses. The bartenders here are fast and attentive as well. I know you sweet tooths would love their deserts. They served us 3 different kinds. This one chocolate covered bon bon thing with a carmel sauce is drool worthy. They had warm donuts with cream inside and creme brulee also. Oh and the music here was awesome, better than some clubs! Well mixed hip hop all night long.
5	I am SO SAD. I was VERY sick the night we went to Brand so this review is based on my hubby and my mom's experience. I ate some plain lettuce and later, a donut. Ugh- I WISH I could go back!!!Anyway, hubby and I split a "Dinner for Two"  which consisted of two salads, some au gratin potatoes, some creamed spinach, a shared steak, and desert (donuts or creme brulee). Mom got Sea Bass- mostly for me as I don't eat meat. SO- hubby got to enjoy the entire "dinner for two" and I had the tiniest portion of fish- again, I was super sick.  Both hubby and mom said the food was amazing.I appreciate the Light Group putting this place in the Monte Carlo. I'll for sure go there again- and then I'll be able to review based on my OWN meal!!
4	We were staying at the Monte Carlo and were looking for a great steak dinner.  Brand Steakhouse is located at the Monte Carlo, in the midst of the casino floor, and was recommended to one of my friends.I found the setting tacky.  You don't get a feeling of calm or glamour that you expect with a pricey dinner.  Instead, the restaurant overlooks slot machines and old people plucking pennies into them.  If you're looking for some romantic ambiance, head elsewhere.  Why four stars then?The food was quite good.  Others in my party ordered the steak.  I had the fish.  It was a bit on the salty side but still good.  We each ordered one side which was perfect b/c then we were able to sample a little of each.  The asparagus was great as was the mac and cheese.  Also, their bread was really tasty.  Very doughy and right-out-of-the-oven warm.
4	I've been here a couple of times, and let me tell you, they know something about steak.  I thought the steaks were perfectly cooked both times (well done filet mignon, NOT butterflied thank you very much) and the sauces they offer are really nice.  The crab cake appetizer is great, and its really a good enough size that you could have it as an entree, as my cousin did on one visit.  The side dishes are very good and seem generous - mac and cheese and the spinach were both great, but don't be like me and order both by yourself, you'll never finish.  and i had the brand manhattan drink and another drink with a sugary/cinnamon rim on the glass - forget the name of that one but both drinks were well mixed and nice and potent.  my only complaint is that the restaurant is open to the casino, so it really is not that intimate, but then again, i did kind of enjoy people watching too, so its 6 in one, 1/2 dozen in another.....anyway, this is a great restaurant if you're a meat lover
4	This place was suggested by the concierge at the MGM, where bf and I were staying. We had stayed at the Monte Carlo before, and even walked by the place several times, but never had the desire really to eat there. We should have! The food was delicious, and before the meal you get your own little round of dinner rolls in an iron baking dish, and if you know me, you know I'm very fond of bread. I had the Chilean Sea Bass, which was cooked perfectly- moist and tender, served on top of creamy risotto, which was, in fact, creamy, and just plain delicious. My bf had the Kobe beef hamburger, which came out on a rectangular plate with a metal cup of fries and a little glass jam jar of ketchup, so it was just cute to look at. Now, I "don't eat beef", but the hamburger was good, and I know this because I've stolen many a bites of my bf's burger before. 5 stars for the food, but -1 for making us wait about 20 min (the same wait as everyone) with reservations, and for the unhappy hostess who just looked awkward with a smile.
3	I made reservations for BRAND with high expectations. I've eaten at STACK, another restaurant put out by the Light Group, many many times and the food there is superb. BRAND was just.. okay. Nothing blew me out of the water.My man and I decided against getting  any appetizers, and went ahead and ordered our entrees. I ordered the bone out filet minon, and he ordered the veal porterhouse. The steaks were quite tender, but the sauces severly lacked in flavor. We chose the three sides for $24. The Lobster Mashed Potatoes were the highlight of the meal, very rich and creamy and very buttery. The Asparagus with 'truffle' fondue sauce was watery and bland. The sauteed wild mushrooms were okay, but leaned towards the oily side.  For desert, we ordered the Bananas Foster's Bread Pudding. The bread pudding was nothing great either, I was so dissappointed. It literally tasted like straight up mushy bread. Aside from the food, the service was A+. Maybe the chefs had an off-nite, or maybe we didn't order the right things.. either way, we probably won't be back.
3	**Review on Club/Lounge**Didn't eat here, but came for the drinking.  I guess the recession has been hitting everyone, even Vegas.  Walked up to some women passing out 2 for 1 cocktail passes so you know we ain't gonna pass that up.  Walked up to this lounge as they were playing Kris Kross "Jump!".  The crew walked into this spot but two of us were wearing LA caps.  Before you could say, Kris Kross will make ya...We dipped into a house party Snoop Dogg laced and all.  The DJ played California theme gangsta west coast songs from that point til close.  At first didn't see the trend, but after the 3rd 2Pac song in a row, we figured he was definitely catering to our crowd.  I love how he played jiggy BS then went str8 gangsta on yo ass!!! Hilarious!Drinks were good.  Can't beat 2-for-1 specials at 2 in the mornin'...
5	I highly recommend this place if you want some place trendy, moderately priced (for Vegas anyway), and a place to treat your taste buds to a treat.  I remember going to Monte Carlo, where I LOVE to gamble for some reason, and seeing a white wall where construction was being done.  Well, apparently it's done now, and the restaurant looks awesome.  This is pretty similar to Fix at the Bellagio.I'll rate the things I got:1. Unlimited bread to start: 5 stars - I'm a huge fan of this.  If I come back here and gamble my life savings, I'd come here and order just a soup, and gorge on this stuff.  I like it even better than the bread at Texas Roadhouse.2.  Kobe beef burger - 4.5 stars - this was pretty much the cheapest thing on the menu at $20, but it was mainly the Kobe label that got me.  The burger was huge, and I was definitely stuffed at the end.3.  Asparagus appetizer - 3 stars - nothing special here, it was good, but only came with about 6 pieces.4.  Lobster mashed potatoes - 5 stars - this was pretty awesome.  Definitely treated my palate to a treat.5. Hashed browns (I think) - 4 stars - pretty good.
5	While being in glamorous Las Vegas I was pretty bummed to be shacking it up with my girlfriends in the Monte Carlo.  Sure we got a great deal for our rooms; however, other than that, there was nothing special about this no frills hotel it was just a place to sleep.  That is until we ate at Brand Steakhouse.  Impressed, I was!Reservations were easy to make, and in spite of being almost 30 minutes late, they were still able to accommodate our group of 6 immediately upon arrival. Since we were with a semi large group and wanted to avoid the drama that comes with dividing up the bill, we decided to order 3 dinners for 2 between the 6 of us. First up, the bread.  For all you familiar with Filipino food, the bread tasted exactly like pandesal.  Except the fanciest, most delicious pandesal of your lives! Already, I was impressed.Then briefly after came our salads.  I went for the cesar.  Simple romaine lettuce wedges evenly covered with the most delicious cesar dressing I've ever tasted! And garnished with a few shavings of fresh parmesan and two croutons.  I would have been satisfied had the meal ended there.Then came out the creamed spinach with black truffles and the potatoes au gratin with a generous crispy layer of cheese on top-- all to be shared between me and my +1.  And the steak... oh, the steak. So delicious and 5oz was just the right amount! They give two sauces. One was more of a gravy, and the other was more of a steak sauce.  There was also some sort of garlic herb butter on top.  None of the sauces were necessary.  The steak was perfect as is! Hands down, one of the best steaks I've ever had. Period.Then came out the dessert! Between the mini donuts (which reminded of of a custard filled churro in donut form) and the creme brulee, after that heavy meal the creme brulee was a better choice but both were equally good.  Dinner for two is really $30 per person, but if you're with a large group, add on gratuity, tax, and a glass of wine per person it came out to about $70ish. Not bad! The portions though very generous, was the perfect portion size for each equally hungry girl. The quality of the food was AMAZING, service was wonderful, and the meal and overall dining experience definitely will be etched in my memory until the experience gets topped.5 stars, baby!
1	If I could have given Brand Steakhouse ZERO STARS I would have. My girlfriends and I were in Vegas this past weekend (memorial 2009) and we were looking for a good steak. What we got was incredibly disappointing. From the service to the food the whole meal was a nightmare. Our waitress could not keep a single order straight and when she delivered our drinks (each one to the wrong person I might add) she said, and I quote, "this is what we do when one gets the wrong drink" and she slide my drink from in front of my friend across the table to me. And that was just the beginning. I heard every excuse in the book from the runners being new to them being super busy... there were maybe 4 other parties in the whole restaurant. The food was sub par at best. I order the 9oz. Filet Mignon and what I got was a fatty piece of beef that I could not identify. In addition, the potato pancakes were a greasy gooey mess dripping with oil... YUCK!! Take my advice skip this restaurant at all costs! Instead go to N9ne Steakhouse at the Palms. If you are stuck at the Monte Carlo and need to eat there you will not go wrong with Diablos. The food is delicious and the wait staff are wonderful
5	This is absolutely a 5 star restaurant.  I was incredibly pleased with the service.  I went to Vegas this past weekend and after searching and searching for a steak place, we settled on Brand for my birthday dinner.  It did not disappoint.  The hostess was incredibly considerate, and they sat us right away, even though we were a bit early for our 8:30 reservation.  Our table was in a great location.  We were nervous about eating at a restaurant that opened up to the casino floor, but the ding of the machines could barely be heard and my date and I could talk and relax while watching the action.  Our waiter was top notch.  He knew all of the specials, had recommendations and gave us time for a nice slow birthday dinner.  He was well worth the gigantic tip we left him. If I could give the food 10 stars I would.  We each got drinks, that were delicious and very unique.  We also ordered the fried Calamari, which came with two delicious sauces that I couldn't get enough of.  I ordered the NY Sirloin and was not disappointed.  It was absolutely the most delicious, melt-in-your-mouth piece of meat that I've ever had.  I didn't even try the sauces because my meat was so delicious.  We ordered the three sides for 23 dollars, and they were also excellent, but HUGE.  I was so disappointed that we couldn't take them home for a snack later.  We picked the mac n' cheese, which was creamy and delicious.  We also got the lobster mashed potatoes, which were incredibly unique with delicious lobster chunks in them, and the wild mushrooms, which were buttery and very well seasoned.  It was one of the best meals of my life, so good that it prompted me to open a yelp account and write about my fantastic birthday experience there.  Yum!
3	What a disappointment. A *huge fan* of Craftsteak (MGM Grand), we decided to give Brand a shot since we were staying at the Monte Carlo.  Should've taxied to Craftsteak. Food was just mediocre. The beef was rather tasteless and tough, and the extreme sauces couldn't even mask the poor quality. The sides were fine. The service was actually good but did not save the so-so fare. BTW, the building of the CityCenter monstrosity has delivered a blow to the Monte Carlo. (It is now completely disconnected from Bellagio, and the MC-Bellagio walkway and tram are bye-bye.)
5	Clearly, most if not all of the negative reviews on here are from prime, annoying, waiters-worst-nightmare customers, because this is a fantastic restaurant.  Ladies (and maybe a few complaining men), it's quite simple: don't act like a bitch, and the service will usually be great. I mean, you can tell a lot about the attitude of the reviewers just by reading their poorly-written reviews. Anyhow, about the restaurant. . . .  The bread is insane.  All you need to know. If you're a bread fan, it's worth coming here just for the rolls. The Caesar salad is good, but the croutons are what differentiate it a bit (anchovy paste, perhaps?).  The steak was worth the money, the drinks were drinks, and the sides were a solid 8 out of 10.  Kinda skimpy, but everything else is too filling to notice.Only downside, to me, is that the dining room is open to and borders the casino floor.  I know, that's the point, but. . . . Doesn't take anything away from the food or service, just an ambiance preference that particular night. If you go there and hate it, Email me and tell me I'm a jerkwad: SPquikslvr@aol.com.
5	Yum Yum and Yum!  I really enjoyed my meal at Brand and every bite was delicious. I had the filet which was cooked to perfection, with the gratin potatoes which were made with a rich garlic cream.  With little notice they were able to write Happy Birthday on the plate of my guest as it was his BD. The restaurant itself was chic, modern, lowlit, hip-music and awesome wait staff. I will come back here next time I'm in Vegas...
3	Only went because it was free. Food was good but not great. Fillet undercooked. Asked if we prefered bottled or tap water and then charged $8 for a bottle of FIJI water. Au Gratin potatoes were great. Service was good. Glad It was on the house.
3	Had dinner & drinks here - same night, different visits.  Yay dinner, boo cocktail service.Dinner (both food & service) was outstanding.  Our server Brian gave us a free appetizer - the hot rocks.  We decided to share another couple appetizers as our meal - the shrimp cocktail & crab cakes.  Best crab cakes I've ever had!  We also had a couple glasses of Riesling and split a very decadent chocolate dessert (I don't think it was on the menu).  Pricey - but hey, you can win it back at the casino, right?The cocktail waitress for our later visit was not good.  Even though we were one of only about 4 groups in the bar, it took *forever* to get a round of drinks for 4 people.  When she returned, she told me she'd forgotten what I ordered.  I didn't get my drink until we'd been sitting there for about 20 minutes, and shortly afterward, she told us they were closing and we'd have to leave.  Nice.
4	I would have given this restaurant three stars if not for the warm ambiance, friendly staff and scrumptious desserts. I made reservations through Light Group for the Bachelorette Package which also includes VIP access into their affiliated clubs and lounges in Vegas.  All-in-all, a good deal, but probably not something I'd do again as the meals can get rather pricey and VIP access is not really needed into the lounges, just the clubs, and I'm not much of a clubber.   Our server was excellent with attending to our needs and the hostesses were also very helpful and courteous to us. The look of the place screamed; "Heifer!", from the ginormous bull nostril portrait, to the suede placemats, to the cow-print ceilings, it was one of the last places you'd expect a Veggie like me to be, but it was for my sister's bachelorette, so I didn't have a cow about it (pun intended). On to the food, appetizers of shrimp cocktail were put on the table, I didn't try it but the other girls in the group loved them and finished them all. I did have the fresh bread,  which didn't real need butter as they had so much flavor and were very soft. I ordered the Veggie Pasta and it was your run-of-the-mill penne with marinara and some sauteed vegetables tossed in, nothing spectacular. The dish came with a side of crispy fries presented in an adorable paper cone while the ketchup was encased in a teeny glass Mason jar. The place is dedicated to their steak, and three other girls ordered it but I heard neither rave nor poor reviews around the table so I assume it was more of the run-of-the-mill fare that I experienced with my pasta. The last course of the evening included an offering of  mini desserts, each one too cute to eat, but we hoovered them still. They presented us with mini powered donuts with a serving of caramel sauce, bon bons dipped in peanut brittle and  coffee flavored creme brulee. The bons bons were the star of the show; the peanut brittle coating harmonized with the chocolate shell and vanilla ice cream so well..I would go back just for those, too bad it's a four hour drive away!
3	We ate here in February, 09' and we saved it for our last night in Vegas. We made reservations way in advance and for a Friday night at about 9:00PM it was surprisingly dead. I think there may have been 2 or 3 other couples dining besides us, and they were gone by the time we were even seated, ahaha.  I guess reservations weren't needed afterall.It is definitely a trendy steakhouse with a good size bar area to sit at, but it is right off the casino floor which might bug some. On to the food...we split the meatball pizza as an appetizer and it was ok...I mean it was pizza! We both had steaks, but I don't remember what kind/cut. On the side, I think it was asparagus and some kind of mash. I think we were kind of disappointed to see it so empty in the restaurant, and it made us want to leave that much sooner, so we didn't order dessert, which we almost always are down with trying something. The service was pretty slow for being the only ones dining. I'm not too sure what was up with that, but it was kind of a turn off! Anyways, service was nice...just not very attentive. There are other better steakhouses to try, like Prime or Stripsteak!
2	This pricey joint is in the middle of the Monte Carlo. The food was good, but was incredible rich. First bite-- this is great, but after about 3 bites of each thing I was like- ooh this is too rich. However the bread rolls are like heaven. They are a puff of joy! Being a vegetarian (no entrees are veggie friendly by the way) I ordered the choose 3 sides for 24.00. I got the asparagus with parmesan sauce (thank God that this came on the side because it was really rich and creamy), the green beans (which were the least rich thing of the meal), and the baked potato with chives and cheese (talk about salty). My boss frequents this place and would probably give it a 4. She ordered a steak, a shrimp cocktail, and au gratin. She really enjoyed her food, but also agreed that the food was really rich. Sorry folks we didnt try any dessert. However the menu looked pretty darn good. Overall I would say it was okay, but I would just skip it and go to the Monte Carlo buffet.
1	Give me a break! We decided to try this place and so we go over to the bar and have a few drinks and then it is time to be seated....alright, well that was the best part of our experience! We sit down and wait....and wait....and did I say we waited? They are NOT busy at all either. He finally brings over a wine menu and says NOTHING! and walks away. We waited for about 15 to 20 min. and he does NOT come back. We got up and complained to the hostess and left! DO NOT go here, seeing what was being served for the price...go somewhere else....It is a RIP OFF!
4	The steaks are excellent and the staff was very helpful.  I came here after a long walk down the strip on a Friday night around 6pm and there were still a lot of available seating.  My friend had a rib-eye and it was so delicious!  The New York sirloin was so tender and juicy!  A wonderful atmosphere in the middle of the casino.  The dim lights and layout was really classy.  An excellent place to have a cup of wine and some good cocktails.  It's a little pricey given that it's in the casino.  Overall, an excellent place to go and I'll definitely be back at Brand next time with more friends.
5	Pricey: YesQuality: YesGood for dates/business meetings: SureI was fortunate enough to go to Brand with some friends and colleagues of mine.  We ordered the Dinner for 4 which consisted of this steak (I can't remember what type, but it was huge and cooked 2 different ways), 2 sides of scalloped potatoes, the best mac & cheese ever, and some spinach.Everything was great and served fairly quickly.  The downside was that the spinach was fairly salty.
2	Went here when it newly opened...so dont remember much. We grabbed drinks at the bar area, and they gave us samples of their Wood Grilled Thin Crust Pizza....and that's what drew us in. Their apps/sides are good, but the steaks are ok. Whenever I crave for pizza I always think of Brand!
5	Not sure what was bigger... the servers breastages... or the piece of prime cow I devoured.   Not sure what was more fulfilling...the greatest caesar salad... or the sheer fact that I turned down a good looking woman while getting my grub on!  (ok.. she was more than likely a prostitute, but still very attractive... maybe.  I couldn't stop sweating from all the COW)I won't begin to compare the Dolphin cocktail I had.... it's a freakin' jumbo prawns cocktail... they can't screw that up.     Anyway... don't complain about pricing when you're in Vegas.   The price of these steaks were well worth it... perhaps next time you shouldn't chase your money on the black jack tables!!  Vegas... the only place in the world where you can be a total jackass and blendddddd in..... besides your own living room.
4	I took a few of my friends here to celebrate a bachelor party and it was pretty awesome.  We were looking for a classy place to go before partying at The Palms and this place hit the spot.  Out of the five of us who went, three got the kobe burger, one got the penne, and one got the sea bass.  The kobe burger was among the best I've ever had (I've had plenty of burgers to know), the penne was alright, and the sea bass was good.  The appetizers took this place over the top... The lobster bisque was exceptionally tasty, the mac n cheese was appreciated by everyone, and the fondue sauce (came with the asparagus) was great on just about everything.** Make sure to look for the representative handing out 2-for-1 drink coupons so you can enjoy the Impeared martini at half the cost.  Between the coupons and the appetizer deal, we all left satisfied, with leftovers, without hurting our wallets.
4	Went here after drink prices at a club left us thirsty!  The lounge portion of Brand is great. Great, STRONG drinks, awesome DJ, and quite a few people having a great time. My boyfriend was perched at the bar and when a girl noticed me swaying to the music, she invited me over to dance with her and her friends. Awwww how sweet! My boyfriend eventually joined us, but I think he was having a better time watching!  Everytime we walked by this lounge over the weekend, the music was bumpin'....top 40/hip-hop and some good old school. I will defintely go back if we're there just looking for a bar to chill at.
4	My boyfriend and I went here for Valentine's Day. We got the Ultimate Steak for 2, which was a 40-oz filet/strip steak combo. It was way too much food for two people... and yet, somehow, we managed to finish it. I don't want to talk about it. I didn't eat for 14 hours afterward.Oh, we also got cocktails, which were tasty. If you get one of those "2-for-1" Brand cocktail coupons they pass out on the casino floor, you can use it at your table.After finishing the steak, we decided to test the limits of how much food our stomachs could hold by getting chocolate cake (at least we split it). Fresh and cakey. Mmm.I wouldn't say my steak was perfectly medium rare - more like medium - but DAMN it came out fast. We were in and out of the restaurant in just about an hour. The decor is nice, if perhaps a little leather-heavy (it feels kind of gross to order cow meat from a cow-hide menu under a ceiling covered in more cow hide). It's also very pricey ($85 for our 40-oz steak, $11 for a cocktail), but I would say for a special occasion it's definitely worth it.
5	Brand is awesome. We came here with a group of 17 with essentially no reservation. They sat us all together and did a great job serving such a large party. The food was very gioid also. I had the double cut pork chop, cooked perfectly. We split a bunch of the sides: macaroni and cheese, creamed spinich, and mashed potatoes. The mac and cheese was especially good. Also had lots of wine and a Port for dessert. Can't complain about anything, it was a great meal.
4	I was looking for a Steakhouse for my bachelor party last weekend. We had a group of ten who were all on mixed budgets but I still wanted a good steak. With a group of ten guys in their mid twenties I wanted a restaurant that was more trendy and less romantic. This worked out nicely with it's ambient lighting, good music and easy going staff. I'm surprised of the complaints about service. We received excellent service especially considering we had a few guys who had been drinking since noon and were not the easiest to deal with. They were friendly and we received prompt service.The food was great. The only thing to beware of is that they cook their steaks a little more on the well done side. So since I wanted a medium-rare, I ordered rare and it came out perfect for my taste. A couple guys ordered the sea bass and were very impressed. Only the two who ordered chicken were less than impressed, but who orders chicken at a steakhouse anyways. Make sure you get the 2 for 1 drink coupons from the girls handing them out in the casino. They were more than willing to take the coupons for our large group which knocked 100 dollars off of our total. Well worth it.
4	LOVED THIS PLACE!stayed at the monte carlo and ate here for a birthday celebration. +1 i ordered the seabass with the risotto. It was HEAVELY. the fish melted in my mouth and the risotto was cooked to perfection!-1 my boyfriend ordered the filet mignon which was good, but i expected more from a "steakhouse+1 complimentary fresh baked bread... so good!!!! but its very filling+1 great service+1 dark and romantic atmosphere+1 view of the casino, but not the smell of cigarettes
3	I was excited to eat at BRAND because I've literally eaten at every light group restaurant. The atmosphere was nice, but I'm not a fan of the "open restaurant facing the casino theme", luckily we were seating where we weren't in front of the open casino.We were pleasantly and promptly greeted by the staff and our server was very attentive and made us feel very welcome.To start we ordered the Passion Fruit Cocktail. It was a good drink, but wasn't as sweet as I thought. None the less, great. For our appetizer we had the Hot Rocks. Basically they bring out an immensely hot rock in a wicker basket type thing and a plate of raw beef. The beef was marinated in what seemed to be their homemade Worcestershire Sauce and was peppered as well. What we then had to do was cook the beef on the rock. Soo much fun! My only complaint is that for $14, they gave us 6 thinly sliced squares of meat, so $7 for 3 pieces each. If they brought out at least 12 pieces it would be well worth it and wouldn't make you feel like you ate too much, as with 3 pieces each, it only made our empty stomachs feel empty.We ordered the Filet Mignon and the Veal. The filet was amazing, but the veal wasn't as tender as I thought. I've never had veal before, but everyone tells me it is sooo tender since it is a young cow that I would love it. The filet was more tender than the veal.For sides we had the asparagus with the white truffle butter sauce and the Gratin potatoes. I may be spoiled but not a bad restaurant, but not my favorite.
4	Not crazy about the restaurant open to the casino floor, but luckily smoke and noise didn't affect our meal. Service was very good.We shared the Ultimate Steak for two plus potato gratin  ($85) among three of us and also ordered three sides ($21): baked mac & cheese, hash browns, asparagus. Everything was very good. The potato gratin was my favorite, the mac & cheese was well-liked, too.We noshed on fresh baked buns beforehand. Yum!
3	This review is for the LOUNGE part of the Brand Steakhouse and Lounge. We went there after hours to watch my brother's friend's band, The Skooners. Every Wednesday night, Brand hosts a local band playing a rare acoustic set. They also host local bands on other nights. I really like the idea of providing local talent with such a nice venue. It's a higher class setting than your usual local showcase. The lounge itself has a nice ambience. The drink prices are what you expect in a strip hotel, but look out for people handing out 2-for-1 drink coupons before you head in. That definitely helps.
4	Yum! There were four of us and we got the Ultimate Steak for 2, the Tomahawk Rib Eye, and 2 sides. Because the Ultimate Steak came with a side and there were wonderful warm and fluffy bread buns to eat, we were all stuffed when we left. The food came out promptly and was cooked perfectly to order. The staff was friendly. Everything was very tasty. The hashbrowns  were awesome, but got a little greasy/salty by the end. I liked the Rib Eye better than the Steak, but all was good. We spent more than I would normally, but for the amount and quality of food, and being in Vegas, it wasn't an outrageous bill.
4	I think I'm the first vegan to review this place. So, why the f is a vegan reviewing a steakhouse? Because they can make you amazing vegan food if you ask.  Yes, it's true.  The dirty little secret about REAL chefs is that they know how to make anything, even vegetables, taste good.  I ate here during the soft opening of the restaurant, with another vegan, a vegetarian, and one omnivore.  The chef (at the time, he has since left... hence only 4 stars), was totally accommodating, and the pastry chef also made us a special vegan dessert.  I was amazed at the fluidity of the service (especially since the place wasn't actually open yet, from the cocktail servers to the sommelier to our main server.  Everything was perfect.  The dishes the chef created for us were perfectly seasoned and made the most of highlighting fresh veggies.  The specialty cocktails were terrific as well. I will also add the the meat eater at our table looooooved his Kobe carpaccio, tomahawk steak, and all the dairy-laden sides and bread.I would call ahead to make sure they are willing to make vegan items for you! But this might be a good option if you're stuck on the strip with a bunch of meat eaters!
4	My wife took me on a surprise visit to Las Vegas over the Father's day weekend. We had some last minute changes in our plans for Saturday and needed to get a new restaurant lined up for dinner. We were able to get a reservation easily and actually got in early and they seated us early. We were seated along the casino floor...which we enjoyed, great for people watching; which in Vegas is always worthwhile. You just never know what you are going to see.My wife had the filet (8 oz)and I had the tomohawk ribeye (20oz) with the added lobster tail. The steaks were fantastic! They served them with side sauces ( a red Worcestershire sauce and a peppercorn sauce). We also asked for the creamy horseradish side sauce. Her filet was so good she needed no sauces at all! Both steaks were cooked perfectly and were very, very good. Sides and salads are a la carte. We shared a gratin potatoes side and it was fantastic as well...definitely enough to share.I should note they also have a porterhouse that comes with sides in varying sizes depending on the size of your party. The largest being a 120 oz porterhouse to serve 6...but if you can eat it by yourself the bill is on them ($250 steak deal)! Great place, great service...we loved it.oh, they also had bathroom attendants which I often find creepy but is still kind of a nice touch in service.
5	This review is for the Bar/Lounge only, as I did not eat at the restaurant. I met a large group of friends to see Joey Resly play an acoustic show in the lounge. The lounge is spacious yet still very intimate.  The layout and colors are quite nice. Very comfortable and a great place to grab drinks and relax or have a business lunch cocktail.The large group I went with ordered a lot of different cocktails  during the evening spent there. Every person was impressed with their cocktail. The bartenders are very friendly and from the evening I went they were both skilled mixologists as well. The cocktail waitress was friendly  too.You will get a nice pour and great cocktail for the price you pay.  When you come across great service or skilled bartenders or servers make sure you are taking care of them (tipping well). Being in the liquor industry you come across a lot of places that have sub -par service  and/or outrageous prices.  Brand delivers great service and  fair prices. Great drinks, great service, cool, comfortable lounge and all for a decent price. I will be  coming back. Its worth the trip.
4	While playing my favorite 2-cent slot machine at the Monte Carlo, I noticed the sign outside Brand advertising their Happy Hour. Hmmm...hubby and I were not starving yet but were getting hungry, and the prices looked great, so we gave it a try. This review is for the Happy Hour stuff only. I haven't tried the restaurant itself.Happy Hour deals (5-7pm daily) are only for the bar/lounge area, so we found an empty sofa and sat back to relax. The $3 drinks cover beer, house wines and Skyy vodka drinks (not mixed drinks like a Cosmo, but you could add *a* mixer to it ). Appetizers were half-price. My drink was fine - Skyy vodka and cranberry juice. Hubby had a couple glasses of the house red (I think it was a Cab). We ordered the Kobe beef sliders and the meatball pizza. O. M. G. the sliders were AMAZING. The two sliders came with a side of fries that were equally delicious, but the burgers were perfection. They were perfectly cooked and just the right size.  $8 - what a bargain.The thin crust meatball pizza ($7) was definitely not in the same league as the sliders. The meatball slices were not flavorful, and the crust was so thin it got soggy in the middle very quickly. I'd skip this one, but there were a number of other items that looked good (crab cakes & "hot rocks" - sliced sirloin). We think we found the winning combo to eating in Vegas - go to a buffet for lunch (better prices than dinner) and pig out. Then at happy hour, find a deal like at Brand and get half price food. It's just the right amount of food, and it won't cut into your Roulette money too much.
5	I came here as part of a Girls' Night Out package, so I understand this won't be available to everyone... BUT... for a 55-per-person prix fixe, we got: shrimp cocktail with the biggest freaking shrimp I have EVER seen, a wedge salad for each girl, a 10 oz. filet mignon for each girl, two sides of green beans and two sides of asparagus to share, an individual serving of french fries for each girl, and a mini creme brulee and caramel donut for each girl.First of all, that's a lot of damn food for 55 dollars in Las Vegas! The 10 oz. filet could have easily been that much on its own, and it was phenomenal. The meat was flavorful and tender, and we hardly even used the sauces they gave us. We couldn't finish everything they gave us; if I wasn't signed up for a prix fixe menu, I would definitely go for the filet and maybe a side of green beans. It'd be enough food, and it's incredibly tasty!
5	THE BEST FOOD I HAVE EVER EATEN IN MY LIFE!! I visit numerous "high end" steakhouses throughout the year, and this BY FAR has been the best.I really wish they would open one in SF so I wouldn't have to wait to go to Vegas to eat here.
5	We had the best dinner here. Danny, the Assistant GM, was wonderful and gave us special attention. The food was amazing and the wine perfect. So would go here again next time in Vegas. Loved it!!!!!
5	Had dinner here last Friday for my best friend's Vegas bday trip.  We had reservations @ 9:30pm and by the time we got there, our table wasn't even ready.  Waited about 15min. which was getting me upset since I noticed there were plenty of empty tables.  So I was thinking, the food better be damn good to make up for the lack of competence by the hostess.By the time we sat down, I was starving.  Took us only about 5min. to decide on what we wanted.  I ordered the prime rib, she ordered to filet mignon and her friend ordered the chilean sea bass.  We also had 3 sides, mac & cheese, grilled mushrooms, and mashed potatoes.  All 3 entrees were sublime.  The filet melted in your mouth like ice cream on a hot sunny day.  The prime rib was juicy and tender.  The sea bass was amazing also.  The mashed potatoes was so creamy, it's like they just put a tub of butter and mashed one tiny potato.I would definitely go back here for dinner when I'm in Vegas, but then again with so many other choices in Vegas, why would I??
5	Looooove Brand Steakhouse!  We ordered some burger ( it was really good, the kobe one, I think?) and I had the seafood platter.  Loved it all, fresh seafood, flavorful meat, good service. It's not cheap, but it's a higher end steakhouse in Vegas, what do you expect?
4	After a day of swimming and walking around, we decided that a late dinner would be in order after a very late lunch.We wandered down to Brand Steakhouse around 8:30pm and opted to sit in the lounge section of the restaurant.  It was a Wednesday night and the lounge only had a few tables when we got there.   As we were looking though the menus I noticed that a few more tables had come in and that there was a single server on in the lounge.  I didn't think much of it then.We ordered a couple of mojitos.  Great, well balanced and well mixed.We then ordered the New York Sirloin, with the Asparagus(with Truffle Fondue Sce), Baked Mac and Cheese, and the smokey mashed potatoes.Now this is where the single server in the lounge becomes a bit of an issue.  Within 15 minutes I see our food go by and taken to a table beside the bar.  I assume that it was brought there so our server could bring it to us.  I mentioned this to my wife and she said, it must have been taken there as we did not have our Cutlery yet.  So 5 minutes passes and our server comes running over with our napkin wrapped  cutlery, followed immediately by our food.  The server looked very worried.Now our food wasn't cold, but it wasn't 'right off the grill' hot either.  Did this hurt the taste..mmm maybe.  But the food was still outstanding.  IF we would have gotten our food right out of the kitchen, I may have given this meal 5 stars.I chalk this up a small staffing issue.  And that happens.  I fully recommend this restaurant and will give it another chance to earn the 5 stars that I think it is capable of.
5	This steakhouse is INCREDIBLE! The food was delicious, the waitstaff was attentive, and the atmosphere is dark and sexy. I enjoyed every part of the meal- the surf and turf was the best I have ever had.If you like dessert? get the cheesecake. it is TO DIE FOR.
4	$4 Sky Vodka Happy Hour drinks.  The best part of the hotel (and maybe the only one).Great atmosphere and friendly a friendly staff.  While I didn't eat here - the food looked and smelled fantastic.
4	After reading YELP reviews, we stopped in before seeing the Frank Caliendo  show. Wow, are we glad we did. The Brand was the highlight of the evening. The Sky vodka happy hour ($$4.00!!!!) is the best deal on the strip. (where you can easily pay $20 for a call liquor) How refreshing to get a good cocktail for a great price. We both ordered the 3 course meals ($55.) and they were excellent. Beautifully presented and very tasty. Too much food, but all of it was great. Service was right on and they were pleased to know that we were locals. My husband even enjoyed people watching from this perch next to the casino. GO...try this steak joint in a sea of over priced vegas steakhouses. Excellent by any standards.
5	Brand is awesome. I've been here twice on work trips after our meetings and both times enjoyed myself a ton.After 9 the restaurant puts up walls around the outside and it turns into a lounge.  The seating is limited a. They take reservations if you have a group. Te down side is reservation seating is first come first served even though they put a hold on $50 on your card to keep the reservation. It is charged if you don't show, FYI. Very fast service and fun karaoke on Thursday nights.
4	Not bad. Awesome steak, the best potatoes I've ever had. It could get pricey. I paid $220 for two people. In their defense, I was addicted to their Cucumber Essence Martini. 4 out of 5.
5	the BESt tomahawk steak---ever! the sides---all of them, (yes we ordered ALL) were all so amazing.... the calamari was an added bonus!
4	Super chill and relaxed lounge with simple but delicious cocktails.This is my kind of place. You can sit back on comfy couches and relax with a nice drink all while being able to hear the people you are trying to talk to! It was also a great place to people watch as it looks out onto the Monte Carlo casino floor. Add to that buy one get one free coupons for all well drinks and now you're talking! This place was a nightly stop on my trip to Vegas and I was always happy with my drinks and the service.
3	I was in Vegas for the first time in about 10 years, and the Monte Carlo was our place of residence.  Arriving at around 8pm and ready for a good meal that could accommodate a group of 8 who didn't feel like venturing out of the hotel, the Brand was a great choice.  Despite waits at most restaurants on a Friday night, its large dining room just off the blackjack tables provided the perfect medium for our evening's start.  The service was a little slow here, and that was my one reservation about a giving it a five star rating, as the food was wonderful.  It wasn't unattentive once we ordered, but getting our waitress to take the order took some time.  Drinks around began the night, and for me it was a perfectly made gimlet with lime juice, not roses, which was a pleasant surprise.  We didn't splurge on appetizers but went right for the meals.  My entree was the 18 oz bone-in Veal Porterhouse steak cooked medium rare.  Warm to the core but deliciously pink, this was a fantastic choice.  The well seasoned veal was salty but not over-seasoned.  it was a bit like eating meat candy, and I loved every bite...or, at least most of them.  It's worth saying that this piece, and only say this because it was $50 dish, had a bit more connective tissue around the bone than I would have liked, but I didn't let that ruin the meal.  Still, it was a bit disappointing and was not the signature of a great steak house.As a side, I ordered the wood grilled asparagus topped with truffle oil.  This too was tasty, but not what I expected.  It was both a bit smaller (very thin rods of asparagus) and a bit soggier than I expected, as though it had sat in the back under a heat lamp after they cooked it.  The flavor was enjoyable, but the experience wasn't what was expected.  If I were at an outback steakhouse and paying $35 for a steak and side, I would've given this a higher rating. But the cost and the billing made me expect more.  This is a restaurant that had a lot of things going for it, and gave us a relatively enjoyable meal, but wasn't a place I would write home about...but, obviously, a place I had to yelp about.
5	I stay at the Monte or Aria a lot and I always make sure I stop in the Brand at least once.  It has great food, steaks are tremendous, actually I have never had anything bad there.  The bartenders are beautiful and fun and the atmosphere is nice without being too stuffy.  Great place to meet someone for a nice drink and food in Vegas.  Fun but not too loud either.  Only problem is that it closes too early.
5	No complaints from me!! We both had the filet which was cooked perfect, smokey mash potatoes and the spinach. They were all very good and went well with each other. The service was great from the hostess to our server to the bus-boys. They also have a nice bar you can chill at after dinner.The ambiance is dark so if you're taking an ugly date (which i obviously wasn't) no one will think twice!! ;-)
4	As for a casual steak house in vegas on the strip the prices are very reasonable. They do not use prime steaks, however, it does not matter. I have eaten here several times and it is always great! The portions are on the larger side, so beware. The food has always been  great. The service is freindly and good, not great! There have been times where it was less then stellar. However, you bring your own wine in and have a great time. The atmosphere is always buzzing. It's located on the casino floor at the Monte Carlo in the middle of the action.Overall, if you want a quality meal with great pricing for being onthe Strip in Vegas!! This is the place
2	Meh. Staff was great, food was ok at best. Our steak was described to me by my friend as "Eh, it was a steak.". I got the Kobe short ribs which were very bland and unimpressive.The bar looked trendy and had a good atmosphere, though.
2	NOT too impressed with this place AT ALL...It was nothing like what we expected it to be...It was very dark, tooo dark--not  cool/ comfortable dark. The food was VERY SALTY...all of it--steak, chicken, sides...SALTY. (maybe because of everything being served on mini cast-iron skillets?! My theory is that the skillets were over-seasoned, and add to it whatever extra salts they placed on our actual food..i dunno, but its waaay 2 salty!)  Steak was just run-of-the-mill. Menu very limited. Totally missed the mark with the sides. Even the choclate cake was inedible! It was ICE COLD!! Common'! I'm sorry but you just CANT screw up the choclate cake, too!!! Just don't know what else to say. Highly disappointed, and especially at the price you pay...$139 for two people. no appetizer..and we only drank water
2	Steak was a hockey puck.  Still somewhat tender actually but burnt burnt burnt and tasted exactly the same.  Food nothing spectacular, I could've cooked at better meal at home.  Asparagas tasted the best.  Expensive.  Skip it and spend your money on something better.
2	I would seriously give this place a 5 had my last two experiences not been so dismal. This place has a great Kobe burger and is nicely placed in the casino with a great DJ who's songs you can hear from the bar next door...but the service is a whole other story.On my last trip we went to Brand as a table of 6. It was not even busy, maybe four tables and they had two servers. My guess is they were understaffed as they were also probably taking care of the bar. Anyhow, we ordered appetizers and drinks and the appetizers came out twenty minutes before the food. THEN, they brought the food out at separate times for each person and the waitress was getting a little too friendly and joking a little too much with the table. Overall, we were in good company but I don't think I'll make it a point to come back here...
4	Had a quick meal here when I was in a rush before meeting friends for Cirque Du Soleil 'O'. They were able to get me in and out in about 35 minutes which was great for a fine restaurant and they brought my food quickly with attentive service. I sat at the bar to avoid a delay for a table. The restaurant was small, kind of dark, and full. It is also open to the Casino. I am not really sold on those aspects of the atmosphere but oh well. My steak was perfect and delicious but a small cut. The side of smokey potatoes was good. My friends met me and had some appetizers which they said were also great (probably would have been more adventerous to order those instead of potatoes) and we got some beers. Overall it is a great place to get a steak, maybe not the same amazing experience as some of the celebrity chef restaurants on the strip in terms of creativity and atmosphere, but sometimes you just want an excellent steak with no frills where the chefs won't get too creative and cut up a mango on top of the thing or something.
5	I love this place. The service was excellent. We came here for a late dinner after we checked into Monte Carlo hotel. I was really tired and not really in the mood but knew all I needed was a great meal to lift my spirits. I was homesick. Yes I know 30 something in Vegas on my bday week and homesick. Don't judge!!!! We skipped appetizers because we really weren't that hungry since we got a sandwich at the airport. I ordered the filet mignon and lobster. I didn't care for the stuffing in the lobster and thought it was rather small however the filet was perfectly grilled. I love the seared charred-ness  sealing in the  bloody juices from a good cut of meat. Just love it! The sides were something to rave about. The mac n cheese was oozing with yummy creamy cheesy goodness. I love the crunchy topping. The spinach was good also but the bed of spinach my piece of meat sat on top of was excellent. It was sauteed in olive oil and garlic. It had the perfect amount of salt in it, not bland at all. I would def return and can't wait to have my hubby try the mac n cheese here.
4	Fantastic value.  My wife and I went to Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak a few nights before and definitely preferred Brand.  It is less pretentious and offers more substance. We started off the tuna tartare and it was amazing.  It's $18 so try not to get angry when you see it.  You get a small portion, but if you savor it you get your money's worth.I had the 20oz rib eye that was flavored and cooked to near perfection.  My wife had the short ribs and nearly finished them off which says a lot considering she almost never finishes an entree whenever we go out to eat. We shared the corn for a side and loved it.  Finished dinner off with the baked alaska and it knocked our socks off!
5	Great meal and great service.  We were there for my sisters birthday and used a private room.  We were really happy with everything, lots of yummy food.  I had the filet which was cooked perfect (rare), the mac and cheese side was money.  The bread was even awesome, the cocktail shrimp were huge.
5	The food here is superb. And for the price you pay, it matches the quality of the food. I've been here a few times and able to try a few things. This last visit was for a friend's bachelorette party. There were 10 of us, and they had our table already set up. Out of the group, I was the only one who had gone to Brand before so I recommended a few items to the girls. We had the hot rocks appetizer and calamari, both insanely good. They bring out hot rocks I think around 900 degrees and thin slices of sirloin and you prepare the meat on that rock. Don't be a fool and try and touch it though! My friend and I shared the Ultimate Steak for 2, and added an extra side of creamed spinach. Total foodgasm. The steak was prepared perfectly, good thing we both agree to medium rare. It was sliced so that we would have an easy time getting pieces. The creamed spinach was delectable, so tasty. Our steak also came with potato gratin. If only I had extra room in my stomach. I also sampled some of my friends dishes, the prime rib, crispy skin chicken, baked mac and cheese, smoked mashed potatoes and steak house hash brown. Everyone enjoyed it. All the times I've gone, I've had great service and was always satisfied with the food. I recommend this place to people who do have some extra money to spare, it is a steak house after all.
4	Great steak house.  Prices were average for a steak house in a casino on the strip.This review is for my party of 4 on a Saturday night.Bar-We started with the $5 bar specials (Sky Vodka or house wine drinks at the bar).  The wife had the house red (and liked it a lot) a cabernet.  I had a sip - It was very good.Meal-We ordered the filet (8oz) Med Rare to split which was ~$45.  The other couple ordered the Rib-eye to split (~$50) same Med Rare.  The server cautioned me that splitting the steak would not be enough for me but I wasn't worried because I don't usually eat a lot in 1 sitting - plus we ordered 3 sides ($24) (mashed potatoes, asparagus, & baked potato).  Also I wanted to save room for dessert. A word of caution - splitting would probably not be enough for most.  Steak was cooked perfect.  It was a good cut and very flavorful.  They put a mustard sauce on the steak - which I don't usually do and didn't know they did that.  Used to just having salt/pepper/butter on my steaks.  I scraped most of it off.  It was alright flavor.  Not bad, not good - just not a sauce guy when it comes to steak.  The rib-eye was very pleasing to the eye when it came out because it had a giant bone stick out of it - literally 6-9" bone - looked like a lamb shank.  The rib-eye was a very good size cut - I believe it was 20oz.  The other couple finished most of it.  It too was cooked to the correct temperature.Dessert-We ordered 2 of the special desserts (sauteed BBQ s'mores).  It was strongly suggested by the server.  It was very good. The presentation was great.   Basically a banana cooked (wrapped in foil left in its' skin), with chocolate and marshmallow.   About 6 or so graham crackers on the side,  along with 3 small bowls of chocolate flakes, coconut flakes, & caramel ice-cream.
1	I hade extremely high hopes for this steak house.  Doing my research for steak houses in Vegas this one always made some of the top list by user reviews.  Service-  I made a reservation well in advance which was good because we were seated right away.  The server was very kind and knowledgeable about the menu.  She answered all our questions.   She told us the specials up front which was nice.  So overall the service was good.The food-  To start we had the Hot Rock appetizer.  It is pretty gimmicky but its something you have to do.  They basically bring a rock out that is heated to 900 degrees and you cook thinly sliced sirloin on it for a few seconds.  At 17 bucks its pretty pricey for the 6 thinly sliced pieces of sirloin you get.  The flavor was good but price wise they should have included a little bit more meat or something in addition to it.For our main dish my wife ordered the kobe short ribs 36 bucks and I ordered the ribeye 49 bucks.  We also shared baked mac and cheese and some parker house rolls (they are not on the menu but I recommend because they are free).The Kobe Short Ribs are nothing to write home about.  For kobe beef it sure tasted about average.  The meat was actually a little under seasoned for my taste.  The Baked Mac and Cheese was great.  The crust on the top was very tasty and the cheese not to greasy.  This side was full of flavor no complaints.The Ribeye steak.   This is where my whole meal got ruined.  Now a ribeye is my absolute favorite cut.  It is supposed to be juicy and melt in your mouth.  I always pick the most marbled cut that I possibly can when I shop for one and I would expect a high end steak house to do the same.  For starters I got my steak medium rare.  It was absolutely burnt on the outside.  All the wonderful fat was crispy and tasted like pure well burnt no if ands or buts about it.  To give them the benefit of the doubt I cut into the middle which was rare but instead of a tender peace of meat my steak knife had trouble cutting it.  It was rubber!  I couldn't get passed the burnt parts to fully enjoy my 49 dollar steak.  I was expecting luxury but it came out no better then something you could get at Denny's.  It ruined my whole dining experience.  The cook must have been having an off day because the table behind us sent back their steaks also.  Overall for the value I would avoid this place.  There are better steakhouses who take pride in what they serve to their customers.  Just because you charge a fortune does not mean you are good.  I am giving this place a one star simply because I was expecting something amazing and got all my hopes dashed. To be fair the manager did agree with my complaints about the steak and refunded us for it.
3	The restaurant is open to the casino floor, which I thought was a bit strange. It's not as loud as one would think though...Being from Chicago, there are many good steakhouses there...This would rate at about average for me..Ordered the filet, decent cut, flavor was ok...Service was a bit slow at first, but managed to keep up...
3	I don't think this place is better than Mastro's but the service is excellent.For some reason when my friends and I go to Vegas, we always get something for free at a dining place...last time it was Bouchon, this time it was Brand Steakhouse.We had reservations at 9pm, which we noted at the end of dinner that the kitchen closes at 10pm (and the bar is open till 2am). When we got there we all ordered the rib-eye, and the kitchen ran out of and asked if we could switch out our steaks to maybe porterhouse or the NY strips. We were really disappointed because our friends come here all the time and swears on their rib-eye. We say okay and the restaurant apologizes and promises to send us free dessert.Next, my friends who order a porterhouse medium rare and a medium get it both well done. Disappointed, they asked the waiter if they could get another steak, and the restaurant happily comps them 3 free steaks for the mistake (and the previous mistake of not having enough rib-eyes for our group).The steaks itself and the sides (macaroni, spinach, etc.) were all good but not comparable to Mastro's. I was happy that the restaurant honors itself of being a fine dining restaurant by comping us with free dessert (enough to feed a group of 10+ with barely any leftovers) and comping us 3 free steaks. But if you're a steakhouse, you shouldn't run out of steaks, and shouldn't have overcooked in the first place, but it wasn't comparable to mastro's, so I give it 3 stars.
5	just hit vegas again for business and went to the Brand for my birthday.  what a way to celebrate.  Had a caesar salas with a new york strip.  very good food, not the cheapest but hey - it's a good steakhouse! Very tasty in a nice venue.  their peppercorn butter is great.
4	This is a review for the Friday Night Club of Brand....!Excellent! $20 cover for males AND females (love that equality part)Women get free drinks all night but don't lose your cup!Don't let the outside fool you, this place may look small but its just as great as a bigger club you hear about... the music is right, the drinks are great and you can even get a long island as one your free drinks!!!Party til 2am or so with cup in hand!In and out privileges were excellent because we also gambled a bit then went back in and danced some more!No rude bartenders, patrons or bouncers here...No one pushing you to dance or get a drink...A few places to sit but who needs to sit when you are too busy getting your groove on!Party on!!!
5	Brand has amazing steak...but if you're like me and don't eat steak, there are still plenty of options for you! My girlfriend ranted and raved about the Chilean Sea Bass dish, and I had the Crispy Skin Chicken which was amazing. The sides are great and they have so many options. We loved the Baked Mac & Cheese, be sure to try that! Save room for dessert as well, because the miniature doughnuts with caramel sauce are to die for!
4	Liked this place better than Craftsteak. Brand Steakhouse has modern decor, dim lighting, and you can look right out into the casino area. It turns to a lounge at night which I can't comment on. I had the crispy chicken skin which was pretty good, but the steak looked way better. The crispy chicken skin isn't just skin, they give you two full pieces of chicken and is served with mashed potatoes. The steak has a few small sides on the plate making it look more appetizing and colorful. I also recommend ordering a few sides to share with the table. Dessert was also really good. We had roasted banana smores and some kind of strawberry cake. I would definitely say this was a solid meal and recommend it to others.  Service, however, was a little slow at times. We were a little pressed for time because we had tickets to see the Jabawockeez.
4	This is just a review of BRAND LOUNGE.  We went to happy hour in the lounge which is everyday from 4-7pm.  They have a great appetizer menu that is only $9 each and drink specials: 2 for 1 Sky Vodka cocktails is what we had, along with the Hot Rocks and Kobe Beef Sliders.  I must say this was the best appetizer-happy hour food I have had besides Morton's.  The Kobe beef sliders were awesome!  I could have eaten four more of them...such great flavors and nice presentation!  The bar atmosphere is nice and relaxing with comfortable couch-chairs.  It is in a living room style setting, great for conversation.
2	I will give it a 2 for the horrible service I had at the bar. The bar guy didn't know s___ about beer or wine. It took him about 5 minutes to even say hi. I asked for "menus" and he gave me the drink menu... after 5 mins. He asked what I wanted... then I asked for the food menu... another 2 mins. then another 10 mins. 'till he asked me about the food. There were only 4 people at the bar an about 15 in the restaurant. Food - I really liked the food and think the $9 app. happy hour is well worth it. Try the Hot stones.
2	The food is excellent, but the service is HORRIBLE. Lost our reservation, told us to wait at the bar while they found a table. After about 45 minutes we asked if our table was ready. They forgot about us. Offered to sit is on some stools in the bar. Not friendly in the least. If the staff could catch up with the quality of the food, this would be a great place.
3	I probably wouldn't come here if it wasn't happy hour just because I thought the prices didn't match the quality of the food, service and atmosphere. That being said, I came during happy hour (which lasted the entire length of the football game) and ordered various appetizers. The sliders were insanely good because if the sauce and grilled onions BUT the patty was too thick. Fries had waaaaaay too much all spice to the point they were almost inedible. We also ordered fried calamari which was great. The batter was excellent. My drinks were only $5 each and I'm way on board with that.
5	Four of us came to Brand's for dinner.  Food was wonderful and service was excellent.  Best Prime Rib I have eaten in years and the Ribeye was to die for.  Sides are wonderful too!
4	Their food was great and there cucumber Martini is the best martini in the face of the earth. A must try.
2	Vegas ... how do you choose a restaurant?  I think most of them are really pretty average for the outrageous prices (and I don't mind spending money on food - as long as it's good).  My husband was immediately put off by the 10 minute wait for the waiter to get our wine order.  I'm okay with a slow dinner, but if you're not, pay attention.  The wine list was decent, nothing special.  The wine my husband chose (even though I am usually the wine-chooser) was gone, so the waiter did a substitute for us that was okay.  We had some oysters - they were $3 in the menu, but he informed us that they had just jumped to $4 because they were bigger (I'd hate to see what they were before, these were not large by any means).  He had the tomato soup, which came with mini grilled cheese, he loved it.  I had a filet mignon, cooked just fine, but wasn't that tender.  He had the Tomahawk rib-eye, which was decently flavored.  The sides were nothing special at all.  Overcooked asparagus, mashed potatoes that need the sauce they served the steak with (first clue:  steak needs no sauce if it is truly stellar).  He had the mac 'n cheese, I am anti-cheese, but he liked it.  The service was merely okay.  If I am paying this much, I want a server with some charisma, though.  This one lacked it.   We didn't bother with dessert, it was just too ordinary of a restaurant for a $280 bill for 2.  Go elsewhere for your money.
5	Came here with a group of 10 during our vegas trip to celebrate a couple of October birthdays. Me and three others shared the steak for 4 that came with two sides, we picked mac and cheese and mashed potatoes. Everythings tasted so yummy and the mac and cheese was pretty damn amazing. Some of the people in my group said it was the best mac and cheese they've ever had. I may have to agree, it was that good!Hang around the casino before you eat here and you may find people giving out coupons for buy 1 get 1 free drinks for this place. We got lots of coupons and we were all able to use them.
2	I've exp. better. Bread and butter is apparently not served at this restaurant, regardless of the pic on Yelp. The server must've had a big section b/c it took her FOREVER to serve us. The wait was about 10 minutes until she even showed up. She was nice throughout dinner when she showed up. The bus boy just stood around as the water glass sat empty. They have an option where you can purchase 3 sides for $28 dollars, but neglect to list the price of sides solo. They are $9 each we found out although we ordered 3 sides. (the deal makes no sense mathmatically). I inquired if they were large enough to share and she said they weren't. That's odd b/c the cast iron pan of Mac and Chz could easily serve three people. Also, if you bring in your own cake its a $4 chg per person, which they waived. And they auto-grat parties of 6 or more. Prices are about $40 per entree and the Scottish Salmon and Prime Rib were delicious! The Mac and cheese wasn't anything to rave about.Looking back...the experience was worse than I thought.
1	Fail, Fail, Fail. Waste of my valuable time walking into this establishment.I write this review as I sit at the table.After having our reservation  pushed an additional 50 minutes (table had to be cleaned and set according to the staff) we finally sat down.Its ok we were to told by the staff to have a seat at the bar in the mean time. By the way I really appreciated the 15+ minute turn around time to deliver cocktails, I under stand how busy it can be for one waitress to serve a total of 6 total people in the bar on a Wednesday.After finally being seated a well deserved meal was on my mind. Note to owner you might want to wipe down your suede menus before you distribute them, not a very pleasurable thing to hold a greasy and  messy menu.After deciding on the Colorado Lamb Chop I sip on my beer anxiously awaiting my meal.Entrees are served and I patiently wait for my meal. The second round makes its delivery and still no meal for me. At this time I instruct my party to commence the meal assuming my Lamb was on its a way out.10 minutes pass and I start to get upset since I see no signs of our server or the manager. I ask another server to locate our server in regards to our missing meal. A few seconds later the "Manager" appears to my side, he ask how my meal is. I point to my empty place setting and sarcastically ask him how does he think my non existent meal taste, suddenly he darts away to the back to speak to our server.After I am sure a heavy load of verbal abuse from the "Manager" our server come out and humbly apologizes for his mistake promising to correct his mistake.So while my table feast on Tomahawk Rib Eye, Tuna Tartare and Colossal Crab. I sit here like a jackass staring at an empty place setting snacking on some dinner bread contemplating why I am still sitting here. Oh that's right the manager and the server both reassured me my meal "WAS ON ITS WAY"As meals are winding down the server comes to collect the plates with another reassurance "My Meal Is On The Way" at this point I tell him not bother because my party was done. He collects the remaining plates and walks to the back. Seconds later my meal arrives courtesy of the manager and wishes me a pleasant dinner, when I ask for the status of the crab legs I ordered as well he gives me a look of confusion a replies "You Ordered Crab Legs as Well?" As he starts back to the kitchen my frustration peaks and I inform him to take the meal back, I refuse to eat in front of 8 other people that have already completed their dinner.A debate arises and the manger points out that I should still enjoy the tasty lamb regardless of the delay since its not good to just not eat, he even offers to compensate the cost of my meal and a free round of drinks. I refuse and request my table cleared.The server makes another appearance and humbly offers his apology I can clearly see he was reprimanded by his superiors in regards to this ordeal. I accept his apology and ask to speak to his "Manager" in order to smooth things over, I under stand humans make mistakes.The manager arrives and instead of  listening he begins to defend his position and goes as far as blaming my attitude for the horrible experience. At this point I am hungry, tired and upset. I walk away back to my party and dismiss myself, I figured I would head over to Subway and order a meatball sandwich for dinner.Suddenly the "Manager" comes back to the table and speak to another  individual in our party trying to justify our poor experience on my attitude and sarcasm. As the two head to the corner of the restaurant to continue the argument I start this review on Yelp.After spending $10,000 for a weeks block of rooms at the Monte Carlo I would have expected a little respect and satisfaction.If I could give this place a zero star rating I would.I can guarantee that this is the last time myself and our company will be using the Monte Carlo and the Brand Steakhouse services.
4	I went here on a Saturday night with about 10 guys for my bachelor party. I'm not sure if this is really a good thing, but it was fairly easy to get in and there definitely was not a wait around 7:30-8pm when we arrived.We got a great spot, our table was all setup. Chris, (manager? owner? not sure) came to our table and congratulated me on the engagement and gave us the special they had which was a 120 oz (thats one-hundred-twenty) porterhouse cured in bacon for 2 days that serves 6. We got 2 of them... and hardly finished one. It was absolutely amazing. Take a look at my pictures to see how the final presentation was. The mac and cheese was delicious and easily the best side dish. Followed by the creamed spinach. I think we got asparagus and mashed potatoes too, but at this point we were completely stuffed.We passed on dessert but a few of us did order some glasses of 28 year old port that was a good ending to a filling meal.I'm thinking it wasn't that crowded because it's at the Monte Carlo... which isn't that happening of a place. But I will say, I'd rather go here and get quick service for a large group and not have to fight lines and wait times than another steakhouse where I'd be in lines paying double for who knows how good of food. I'm not sure if Brand management would agree though... haIn summary, food is 5 stars and I'm taking 1 star off for ambience. It just seemed a little dead in there other than us of course. Also, bread & butter or something before-hand would be a nice add... especially since it's a nice steakhouse. Service and food were delicious. And for a really nice steakhouse, I'd say the prices were very reasonable. All in all, I'm happy we went here for my bachelor party dinner. It worked out perfectly.
4	THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE NIGHTCLUB ***Everyone pays $20. Ladies drink free all night. They are NOT SKIMPY on the alcohol content for the free drinks. I love this little place; especially when you arrive late. They open until 4AM.The dancefloor is small, and not much room for "bottled-service", but they still offer it. The DJ (@ least the one I experienced) was awesome. He played all the right music and knows how to mix in the 80's with today's house music.Did I mentioned ladies drink free all night?? Need I say more??
4	*this review is for the nightclub..I think it was a pretty good deal, $20 entry fee and ladies get free drinks all night. They give you a pink cup and you just simply take it to the bar and ask for the drink they want... they are NOT watered down at all, they are legit!I saw sooo many people around the bar and only one bartender... dang I thought I was going to be there forever.. but I was wrong, the female bartender was super quick to get to everyone.She took only about 5-8 minutes to get my drink every time I went up there... I definitely got my $20 worth back in drinks! haha..The place is open until 4am so you will have plenty of time to drink =)
5	Wow what a great change of pace for a casino restaurant. First of all this is a very romantic and hip atmosphere. This is the type of restaurant you go to have fun. Even though they have great food leave your foody check list at home. One wall opens up to the casino. Very unique. You have a dark intimate dinner atmosphere typical of a steak restaurant yet you have a large conection with what is going on in the casino. For an appetizer I enjoyed selected the thinly Sliced pieces of beef that I Cooked on A hot stone they provided. I tasty, healthy, and fun. Exactly what is was refering to when I said change of pace.For an Entree I had a filet. The filet was Cooked perfectly and went well with the wine my Server suggested. We had a late dinner. So i was there as it changes over to a clubby lounge atmosphere also. I think this was around midnight. Again, this restaurant was fun so i kind of lost track of time.
2	This review is for its bar/lounge and NOT for the actual restaurant.Over $12 for a 6 ounce glass of watered down Crown & Coke? Y'all can haul @$$!As for the lounge itself, it costs $20 per person to enter. Unfortunately we realized that we donated to the cause as there were a lot of couples and not as lively as we had hoped. It's very dark inside. Almost all of the seats were reserved and there were no stools at the bar, so we were forced to stand the entire night. Ladies get free drinks throughout the entire night while they charge an arm and a leg to us guys for our drinks so they can recoup some of their lost revenue. Is it fair? No, but I can't blame them for wanting to draw more females to their bar. Unfortunately that wasn't the case as the ratio of guys to gals stayed the same throughout the night.I've come to the conclusion that I will never have that awesome nightlife experience again like I did when I was living in Japan. The Japanese women are nicer there, not at all stuck up, and always willing to engage in polite conversation. They don't have that "I think that I'm better than you" attitude and they treat you as a human being. And the parties don't end there until about 8:00 in the morning! I miss living there :(
4	This lounge is elegant  and beautiful. I felt like I was in an episode of CSI without the mayhem.  Great music, dancing, and open bar for $20. Lil girl....you ain't in Kansas any more! This is the new Vegas, elegant and food forward.
3	Came here b4 Wockeez show with a group of friends, steak was good, service was aight - took a while, long while for one of our orders. Good spot to eat but nothing special.
4	Monte Carlo...one of the best rib-eyes ever in your life?!  Wasn't expecting that but that's what I got.  Party of 10 arrived under the assumption we had reservations but we didn't but the staff was extremely accommodating and had us sitting down pretty fast.  I had already looked at the menu and I had decided long before to get the Tomahawk Rib-Eye.  20oz of medium-rare cooked to perfection beef is what was presented to me.  Absolutely delicious.  Ordered grilled asparagus which was very flavorful and crunchy.  The only downside was one of the wines my company makes falsely identified (different appellation).
4	Only negative is that this place is very pricey, but it's a steakhouse so of course it is.I got the chicken, which was just ok.  BUT the hubby got the filet mignon and lobster.  I tried the lobster - DELICIOUS! Other than the lobster the hit for me were the sides! I could have made a meal of just the asparagus and mac n cheese!
4	Delicious with a cool lounge atmosphere. The hot rocks appetizer is fun and yummy (though very smokey). We had the prime rib and sea bass, and both were perfectly prepared. Sides run on the small side, but tasty. We finished our meal with the NY cheesecake, which was huge!One drawback is that the walls are open to the casino, so the sights, sounds and cigarette smoke from the casino are unavoidable during your meal.
5	This is a Spring 2012 RW review (even though spring doesn't start for a few more weeks).When we were deciding on a restaurant to check out, one of the criteria was a place that neither of us had tried before. Well, I failed on that. Hence the review update. But that previous visit was just to the lounge to watch The Skooners play. I had never dined at Brand before.Let it be known that I'm pretty cheap. RW doesn't normally interest me. So with that in mind, I have to give up the five stars to Brand. Everything was excellent (to my admittedly unrefined palate).1st course: Onion Soup - 24 Hour Caramelized Onion, Four Cheese GratinI don't know that I've had a lot of onion soup in my life, but this was a tasty start to the meal, especially since I was recovering from a little cold.2nd course: Chilean Sea Bass - Lemon Risotto, Rock Shrimp, Lobster BrothThe fish was perfectly flaky. The risotto had great flavor, but wasn't quite perfect. Granted, I just had the best risotto in my life the previous week up in Napa Valley. Still, it was an excellent main course.3rd course: Grilled Banana Smores - Coconut Peanut Butter Sauce, Vanilla Ice CreamO. M. G. Each course of this meal just kept one-upping the previous. Talk about a creative and delicious dessert. As Angela H described, it's cracktastic! Think of a grilled whole banana filled with chocolate and topped with marshmallows, and served with graham crackers, peanut butter, more chocolate, and some ice cream. It's truly redonkulous.Apparently, Brand has a happy hour from 5-7pm. I think our next plan of attack is to check out the HH and just order some more of that grilled banana goodness!
2	Ok so the service completely sucked here. First, we made a 7:15 reservation. We were not seated until 8 pm. Even though there appeared to be tons of open tables and people that walked up after us were seated ahead of us. We are a 40 something sophisticated couple from San Francisco. My husband and I were likely the best dressed couple in the restaraunt, with him in a white long sleeved dress shirt, and me in an elegant cocktail dress, so I have no idea why we were treated like second class citizens. In any case, I will say the food was excellent, however, I will not go back because 50% of any dining experience at an expensive restaraunt is about the service one receives. Our bill was over $300 for the two of us, so I expect for that price to be treated first class, which generally we are when frequenting the 5 star restaraunts in San Francisco.  We had a much better service experience at the  across the way at the Eiffel Tower restaraunt on the strip.  That place is worth every penny in terms of the very attentive service you receive.
4	This was the only place I went to more than once during my trip to Vegas with 18 people to celebrate a friend's birthday.I spent my first day in Vegas alone waiting for people to get off of their plane since I arrived at 9:45am and my friends weren't joining will much, much later that night...basically I did what anyone would do after I was done surveying the hotel - I went on a solo bar crawl :).I wandered in here because of their $3 cocktails and $9 apps sign and sat at the bar for a few hours. My bartender's name was Gustavo - he was fun, personable, charming and attentive. Normally I feel a bit off downing drinks by myself at a bar, nonetheless at a steakhouse (albeit a small one in a casino, lol) he made me feel right at home.The restaurant manager needed a charger for his iPhone and his employees didn't have one, but I did so I got free drinks after happy hour...for a few hours and this was great.The following day I went back with a few friends and we had the hot rock appetizer (pieces of nicely seasoned and very thinly cut pieces of raw beef sirloin and grill  it yourself with VERY hot rocks in a bamboo steamer like thing) - I LOVED it and thought it was delicious but those with me weren't crazy about it...granted I do agree with them that it would have been tastier had the sirloin pieces been thicker, at $9 I wasn't expecting the stars - when it's NOT happy hour the hot rocks are $17 - THEN I would have been really disappointed, but for $9 I was pleased.I also had their beef sliders (Kobe beef, cheddar cheese, louis sauce, fries) they were pretty juicy, small and the 'louis sauce' (whatever it was) was quite good. My friends also ordered the crispy calamari and the Finger Licking Lollipop Wings (Signature sauce, blue cheese, carrot sticks). The calamari was ok, nothing to write home about and I didn't sample the wings because I don't do spicy...My 4 star rating is really because Gustavo was super cool, I liked the ambience, great happy hour specials, people were friendly (staff and clientele alike!) and the location was convenient to my hotel and to getting our night started. If I come back to Vegas (which honestly, I'm not clamoring to do anytime soon - I mean I'm from NYC ;-D) I'd definitely make a point of stopping back here :).
3	my husband and i dined here during restaurant week. i ordered the caesar salad, fillet with mashed potatoes and the banana smores. there were good and bad points for each course, the caesar salad was ok but the presentation wasn't my idea of a salad. full leaf of romaine lettuce, shaved parmesan, and one crouton. strange. and i hate having to use a knife to cut up salad.the steak was tender and the portion was perfect. however, it was accompanied by a spoonful of mashed potatoes. seriously. it was like two tablespoons of potatoes. again strange. the best part of the meal was the banana smores. so simple yet so perfect. i wasn't a fan of the coconut peanut butter sauce though. thankfully, it was served on the side.brand was a nice way to spend our anniversary. i just wished that we didn't have such a long wait in between courses. and the restaurant is open to casino so there were several people who stopped by and chatted with others dining along the edge of the restaurant.
3	I got dessert here, the S'mores option, which apparently they're known for.  It has a banana cooked with marshmallow and chocolate on it and served with sides of peanut sauce, ice cream, chocolate flakes, and graham crackers.  Not a fan, the banana tasted weird and grainy.  And it didn't really work together.  The only thing I enjoyed about the dish was the roasted marshmallows on top of the banana which I wiped clean off the plate.  Oh and I ate the vanilla ice cream...I mean you can't really mess that up.I added an extra star for the dessert that my friends had, I think it was called the Baked Alaskan something...not 100% sure.  But it had the mildly sweetened strawberry glaze and fluffy as a cloud cake with a frosting so light and delicious that you'll think you're eating extra whipped cream.  Move over banana s'more b/c Alaska strawberry something was the star in this show.
5	My husband ,me and  our friend dined here for his birthday and let me tell  you boy was he a happy guy lol . we looked at our menus and everything seemed awesome . so we first started with the crispy fried calamari which they both enjoyed it very much as i am not a fan of it but i had there yummy buttered bread served to you so hot and fresh . So the 3 of us decided to say what the hell lets get  the Ultimate steak for 4 . well the ultimate steak for 4 is a 80oz steak and pre sliced and included was 2 side dishes so we picked there baked mac and cheese which was SO yummy and there yummy garlic mashed potatoes .It was awesome and yes 3 people did finish the 80oz steak lol . The steak was so juicy ,tender and so flavorful it was worth the money if you have a group of 3 or more . we are still talking about our 80oz steak  . Nobody had room for dessert but since it was hubby's birthday they sent out a piece of 7 layer chocolate cake with a glass of milk it was so cute how they prepared the birthday dish which i had called in advanced the morning of.The staff was great and the chef even came out to see how everything was which was super sweet . we had been to this steak house when we got married and we were on our honeymoon it was originally called Blackstone steakhouse i believe but everything changed for the better i love the new improvements  but since then the name had change to Brand steakhouse This will be my steakhouse to come to when ever I'm in Vegas for sure
4	Monte Carlo is not what it used to be, its completely different. Modern very modern. The steakhouse itself was nice. Its in the middle of the casino. They have a bar/lounge area and a dining area. Brown and earth tones is the color scheme of this place. Very warm feeling. Lots of pretty waitresses and hostesses. Now for the food.Appetizers:Chicken wing lollipops - awesome Crab Louis - served on a bed of lettuce in an ice block container - superb Caprese salad - mozzarella goodnessMain course:Tomahawk rib eye - excellent and cooked perfectly. It came with two sauces. Bernaise and Worcestershire both complemented the steak.Sea bass - wow its goodDessert:Smores Strawberry AlaskaButter cake !DELICIOUS WITH. CAPITAL DMy favorite is the strawberry Alaska !!!!!!With several drinks our bill came up to around $230Not bad at all.Service was OK, nothing special just alright. Overall experience was absolutely 4.5 stars Ambiance, value and everything else. I was glad to dine here. I would come back.
5	Great lil' late night lounge with fabulous cocktail selections and fantastic DJ! Love it!
4	Decent steak house, food was good and wait staff was very accommodating. Good Vegas meal. I had the filet, medium rare, came out a little too charred for my taste. Other dish was the 16 oz prime rib, very good. Garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus were the sides, very delicious.
4	This is a pretty awesome place.  Yes, the view out isn't great (your usual casino with gawdy neon lights, etc), but turn your chair the other way and you're offered a very well decorated steakhouse.  The food, of course, was the star of the show.  We came with a few (15ish) friends and got a variety of their entrees, including the steaks (for the guys) and salmon (for the girls).  The steaks were great, and you couldn't go wrong with the 16oz prime rib or the 8oz filet.  They also had an "ultimate steak" option which we were not man enough to try.  Essentially, you share with anywhere from 2-6 people, and on average each person would get about 20oz of steak, as well as a couple sides.  Maybe next time, we'll tackle this challenge.Overall, the prices are the usual LV prices.  However, this truly was a pretty awesome steakhouse and we certainly would not hesitate to stop by again.
5	This place is amazing!!Im not a steak person (yes im a chicken kind of guy), but I will eat their filet mignon any time. The filet mignon is so juicy in the sauce they put it in and just melts in your mind each bite.I think though the most amazing thing is the mac and cheese. Glorious Mac n cheese, baked in all its cheesy goodness. I would graciously skip the desert and get two mac and cheeses.
5	Had a table for three at Brand on Saturday night during Yelp's Spring Break weekend and enjoyed an excellent meal and overall experience. We started off the evening at their lounge and enjoyed two for one drinks. The bartender was friendly and the atmosphere was just right. We were seated at our table by the casino floor which was the best seat in the house for people watching. Our waitress, Alexan, was friendly, attentive, and professional throughout our meal. I definitely recommend getting a table in her section.We started off with some appetizers to split. We all enjoyed the wedge salad, tuna tartare, and a Hot Rocks (a large hot rock to prepare some thinly sliced sirloin at your table). All apps were awesome and I recommend each.For our main course, my friend and I ordered the 12oz bone-in filet mignon, while my girlfriend had the Chilean Sea Bass. The filet was fantastic and prepared to medium rare perfection! I sampled some of the CSB and enjoyed that immensely as well. For side dishes, we split creamed spinach, asparagus, and macaroni and cheese. The spinach and mac & cheese were particularly out of this world and the asparagus was fresh and delicious, seasoned with some lemon.We were pretty full after all of that, but some how found a way to muster up the strength for dessert. We decided on splitting the NY Cheesecake and Strawberry Alaskan (basically a strawberry shortcake with ice cream). Let me tell you something...these are enormous desserts! You don't need one per person. One should be enough for a table of 3 or 4 to split. The slice of cheesecake would still have been huge if they cut the sucker in half! Size aside, both desserts were delectable.Overall, I think you can tell I was a fan of Brand and would recommend this steakhouse to anyone visiting Las Vegas.
5	I think I found the only reason to stay or even visit the Monte Carlo.http://bit.ly/MDJHE1Why yes, that is a 120 oz Porterhouse cured in bacon for 48 hours. When I saw the damn thing, the only words that I could muster up to descibe this masterpiece was "Meat Tower"Besides the Meat Tower, other items on the menu looked and smelled just as delicious. The full bar satisfied those who are on liquid diets and the beautiful decor and waitresses kept your mind off being hungy, that is until the Meat Tower came by your table.I think I just found Ron Swanson's new favorite restaurant. If you don't know who Ron Swanson is, I feel bad for you son.http://bit.ly/x3SgoJOK, maybe you might be at the Monte Carlo to see the Jabbawockeez.PS. The Meat Tower is meant to be shared.
5	I had tuna tartare, fillet mignon, mac and cheese, and baked Alaska. The tuna had too much spice. It was very good, but it slightly over powers the fish. The spices, while good, are the stars here. The fish plays second fiddle. The steak is tender, had a nice crust from the fire and was tender (yup, I said i twice, I was tearing it with my fork.). Also, it tastes like beef. That one is a bit had to explain. I've had many steaks that don't pack the beef punch. This one does.  You get two sauces, their steak sauce, which seems like their version of A1 sauce. You also get a pepper and cream sauce. Hands down, this is the sauce to go with. If you are a fan of mac and cheese, then you must come here. If there is a better mac and cheese anywhere, please let me know. I will drive, fly, swim to there. They use shells and a penko bread crumbs topping, as they bake it on their individual iron skillets. Then dessert came. Take a pound cake cup, line it with fresh sliced strawberries, pour a scoop of strawberry ice cream, cover it with meringue then cook the meringue.... and there you have their baked Alaska. It all goes so well together. Your mouth will thank you, your waist line not so much. Some of my friends had the NY cheese cake. They are the biggest slices of cheesecakes I've ever seen. You should share it with a least another person.
4	Visited Brand twice this last trip. The first night was to watch the last half of the Laker game at the bar. The bar is your typical lounge. Nothing out of the ordinary. They do offer the full menu here, so if the restaurant it full, one of the lovely waitresses can help you out.The next night, we took full advantage of the Yelp Spring break prix fixe. I started with the hot rocks. It's a cool gimmick that makes people want interactive dining. Basically a huge blazing hot rock comes in a bamboo steamer, along with some thinly sirloin steak marinated. It wasn't too special, but when it arrives, everyone looks and watches. For the entree, I ordered the Chilean sea bass. The fish was a generous portion, seared atop of a lemon risotto with shrimp and lobster broth. The fish was cooked spot on, but the risotto could have  been cooked a little longer. Last came the strawberry baked Alaska. The extremely tart strawberry syrup on the bottom of the plate threw the taste off and the short bread tasted a little stale. Overall, Brand is a huge plus for the Monte Carlo and I hope they can keep up the good service.
5	Wow! Brand Steakhouse really 'got it' and came up with a phenomenal Yelp Spring Break prix fixe menu which was an amazing value through-and-through. Our party of six managed to order most everything on the menu and we were all impressed by the portions and quality of the menu items. I was particularly enamored by the 12oz. Bone-in Filet Mignon (a.k.a. Brooklyn Filet) which could've been perfect even at a Medium-Well temperature, it was that tender. I ordered it Medium and it was pink all the way, bordering Medium-Rare towards the bone. This steak eats like it's a 100% 'dark-meat-part-of-a-Ribeye' which is one of my favorite parts of a cow. (My other favorite is the Hanger steak but a Hanger can cook up tough.) Smooth, grass-fed texture and phenomenal flavor. I have been known to be a steak sauce whore of sorts, but I found myself using the house-made peppercorn and red wine sauces in moderation. A mix of the two proved to be perfect.Delicious cast-iron-baked dinner rolls arrived at the start, and for sides I ordered the creamed spinach (great) and a wedge salad (also great). The cheesecake slice that I got for dessert was no less than one pound, 4" tall and 10" in length. And it was a good one - dense and solid just like you would expect in NYC. Very, very pleasant atmosphere with a commanding view of the casino floor, and not-too-loud music. Conversation was easy - perfect for a date or a business dinner. This is a stellar restaurant that you will become fond of. Can't wait to go back!
5	Thank you, Brand, for offering such an amazing value on your prix fixe menu for Yelp's Spring Break! I admit, that's why I came - having never really heard much about the restaurant, but what a gem! We were even there right when dinner started, and although we were one of the only folks in the place, the service and ambiance still made it feel very special. And on that note - service was really great.For our starters, Mr. L and I shared the Hot Rocks and the Brand Salad. Hot Rocks was so much fun! What's not to love about an 850F rock that you cook razor thin slices of sirloin on. And the amount of flavor they were able to get in those little slices was surprising, too. The Brand Salad: I know, salad, boring, right?... no. There wasn't even lettuce in the salad --- straight shrimp, green beans, and tomatoes --- big chunks of shrimp, and plenty to share. Impressive.Entrees: Let's be honest, we both wanted the 12oz bone in Brooklyn Filet... but in the interest of variety, we only got one, and we got the Chilean Sea Bass. And quite honestly, I think the Sea Bass was a contender for the title. Both were amazing. Tender/flaky, perfectly cooked, seasoned, the works. The risotto with the Sea Bass was also a winner, and was cooked with lobster broth and gave me even *more* shrimp! What's not to love?There's also nothing not to love about the mac and cheese, and believe me, I know my mac and cheese. This had a thick creaminess to it, with that crunchy breadcrumb topping. Lots of flavor, lots of cheese, nicely cooked pasta.Dessert was just excessive, but we forced down one of them... Baked Alaska was a nice meal ender - not too heavy, strawberry icecream concoction. I'd order that again. We brought the cheesecake home and that made for a great breakfast ;-)Wine list was also pretty extensive and had a good range in prices. I'd definitely go back for a special night - I might split a few more dishes than I did, but hey, hard to turn down such a generous prix fixe deal!
4	In all of my trips to Las Vegas, I'd never been to Brand Steakhouse before - nor had I even been to the Monte Carlo for that matter.  But this restaurant came up with an incredible prix fixe menu for Yelp Spring Break, and my party of six was blown away with the quality of our meal.Our waiter and the rest of the staff were attentive, although, if I recall correctly, it may have taken a while to get the bill.  Other than that, recommendations were awesome, drinks were always refilled before they went empty, service was prompt, etc... and I really enjoyed the environment of this restaurant as well; just feet away from the casino floor, yet not too loud that you can't carry on a conversation.  Our booth was comfortable as well.My group chose a bottle of Terrazas Malbec from their plentiful wine selection, although the cocktails looked awesome too.  And before our first course, we requested Brand's infamous cast-iron baked dinner rolls, which were doughy heaven!The best part of the experience, aside from the company, were the courses that followed.  Be forewarned though: portions are huge!  I had a wedge salad to start, the Chilean Sea Bass as my entree, and I shared sides with Katie B: the creamed spinach and the asparagus.  Everything was delicious!  I think I was in a food coma half way through my entree, but I managed to almost polish off my Baked Alaska dessert as well!Others in our group were also pleased with their selections: Filet Mignon, Chicken, Tuna Tartare, and more.  Time to start watching my diet again now that Yelp Spring Break is over, but I'm sure I'll be ready to dine at Brand again next visit to Vegas.  It was a memorable meal for sure and I highly recommend a visit if you find yourself on the hunt for a steakhouse in Vegas!
3	So because we were staying at Monte Carlo, for our Anniversary dinner, we decided to try out this restaurant. I searched on Yelp for a nice restaurant, and this one happened to come up as closest (obviously, since it was inside Monte Carlo) with 3 money signs. Plus it said it was romantic. So we made reservations and headed on down there. First of all, the hostess was not friendly. She asked for my last name and when I told her, she replied "what??" instead of "excuse me" or something similar.. And then when she located my reservation, she said "ah" with no further instructions. And as I looked around, she finally said that another hostess was coming up to escort us to our table. (awkward of her to make us momentarily confused).Then we get to the table.. The restaurant is literally right next to the tables at the casino so it's pretty loud.. (specially when some Las Vegas Virgin is overhyped and keeps yelling VEEEGAAAAAASSSS every time he wins a hand.. Uff) So it's not quite romantic.. Then the service was ok.. I felt rushed by the server. He seemed rushed as well too. We ordered the calamari, my boyfriend ordered the filet mignon, and I ordered the Chilean sea bass.Calamari - was amazing. Probably the best calamari I've had in a long while. They were fried to perfectionFilet mignon - was amazing as well and I don't even like steak! HOWEVER, the steak came with NOTHING. It as just 2 bits of steak on a plate plus 2 different sauces and that was it. Um!? Usually, at a steakhouse, steak is served with at least a side of veggies or fries.. or SOMETHING. NO. Here, it came with nada! WHY!? Idk. But fine, if the steak comes with no sides, I would expect the server to inform us "the steak does not come with any sides. Would you like to order any sides such as fries, baked potatoes, or etc?" But no. He didn't say anything. Chilean Sea Bass - was amazing. It came with lemon risotto. Cooked to perfection. I finished the entire plate way too quick!! Excellent. We didn't order any dessert here so I can't comment on that. All in all for the above items plus a beer and a glass of wine, the total came up $130 + tip. For that price, I wish the server was more attentive to us and MAYBE told us about the sides situation for the steaks. "/ Also, as mentioned above it was pretty loud.. Not a good place if you want a quiet dinner with conversations. Also, the wait time between taking the order.. and getting our appetizer.. and then finally getting our entrees was quite long... But I must repeat again that the calamari and chilean sea bass were AMAZING. Just was a bit disappointed with the service (including the hostess who should be the face of the restaurant who provides us with the first impression of the place... And she ruined the first impression ;[ )
5	Diane and I enjoyed a dynamite dinner at Brand during Spring Break ordering off a special menu for the occasion.  We knew right away that we had chosen wisely when we bumped into our outstanding and vivacious Vegas CM Misti Y., the very talented Bobby Y., immensely capable Chicago CM Andrea R. and her friendly husband, fantastic Phoenix CM Gabi M., and lovely crackerjack Los Angeles West CM Katie B. seated at an adjoining booth.  The ambiance was nice and classy, with driving jazzy music playing throughout our meal.  The place is sprawling, and it required a hostess to guide me to where my wife was sitting after I dropped her off in front of the Monte Carlo before taking the car to valet parking around the back.  We started with two fine appetizers: Hot Rocks, that featured very fast cooking of thinly sliced sirloin strips with a Thousand Island type dip that tasted like Louie Dressing, and Ponzu Sauce in olive oil; and The Big Wedge, which consisted of refreshingly cold Iceberg Lettuce, very tasty warm Applewood Smoked Bacon, two Red Onion circles, and small crumbles of Roquefort Cheese mounted on top of the lettuce mesa, and Bleu Cheese Dressing, that I had changed from the normally presented Creamy Ranch Dressing, draped over all.  The salad also had several components laid out on the side, including more bacon and cheese crumbles, more dressing, yellow and red Grape Tomatoes, diced egg yolk, and a very crunchy strip of crouton that when cut yielded nice tasty individual croutons.  When the meat was placed on the steaming and thermally treated rocks, it immediately began to sizzle, and reached medium rare doneness in less than 3 seconds.  I also ordered a Loaded Baked Potato that was prepared perfectly with butter, cheese, chives, and bacon, and its skin rubbed in salt.My entree of 12 oz. bone in Brooklyn Filet Mignon topped with Maitre d' Butter was cooked just right (again medium rare, as requested) with good Peppercorn Sauce and an excellent Red Wine Worcestershire Sauce.  It just got better near the bone, and came with very good grilled asparagus tips. Diane's Chilean Seabass was very good, served beside a tasty Lemon Risotto with Rock Shrimp and Lobster Broth.  The bass was delicate and very good tasting.  But it was barely cooked enough, and could have used just a bit more fire.  Her included side of Baked Mac & Cheese, prepared "Granny's way," was comforting and outstanding in taste and texture.Diane enjoyed a great New York Style Cheese Cake with a fine but unusual Graham Cracker Crust for dessert that would have come with fresh berries but was nude because she is allergic to berries.  Meanwhile, I enjoyed a fine Strawberry Baked Alaska, complete with Strawberry Ice Cream, meringue, and a moist cakey bottom.  I didn't notice any fresh strawberries as advertised.  But big chunks of frozen strawberries were definitely embedded in the Strawberry Ice Cream.  I had never sampled a Brooklyn Filet or Strawberry Baked Alaska before.  Both were delicious.  I asked for and checked the regular dinner menu, and our special three-course meals with one included side were slightly less than half price.  Servers were omnipresent, and their service was excellent.  What a terrific deal!
4	Probably the best steakhouse I have ever been in my life.The bone-in filet (Brooklyn Filet) was cooked perfectly, and so tender, I could almost cut it with a fork.The Crab Louie as an appetizer was presented like a work of art.Service could stand some improvement.  Service staff was not as attentive as it should have been for the price point of the restaurant.  The background music is this throbbing disco which needs to go, as well.  Not exactly what I call dinner music.The quality of the steak makes it worth it, though.  I went two nights in a row it was so good, and would have gone a third had I stayed in town.
5	I have absolutely no complaints here! This was an amazing steakhouse nestled in the Monte, with a view of the hot tables right outside the restaurant. Staff was on point and so was the Lamb chops i had and the filet my hubby got melted in your mouth! I wish we had room for dessert but we were stuffed and satisfied :)
5	The meal I had here is the best meal I have ever had at a steak house. Every plate of food was phenomenal. Service was exceptional. And to top it all off, it was a great deal because of a Yelp Deal (thanks to Yelp Las Vegas CM, Misti). Even at regular prices, though, it is well worth it. My first course was the "Brand Salad," which was a mixture of large chunks of chilled shrimp, bacon, tomatoes, and beans tossed with  vinagrette. The salad was of substantial size, and in and of itself could be a meal for many people. The salad was simple, elegant, and well balanced. I had the bone-in fillet mignon for my main course. The fillet had a nice smoky flavor, was well seasoned, and perfectly cooked to my request (medium rare). It came with 2 dipping sauces, of which I thoroughly enjoyed the peppercorn sauce. For a side I had the mac and cheese with 4 cheeses, peas, and bacon. It was very good, but a little too rich as an accompaniment to a fillet mignon. For dessert I had the cheesecake. It was a huge slice that 2 or 3 people could share. It was velvety smooth and buttery. It was a nice ending to a great meal. I would be remiss if I did not mention the exceptional service I received from Gustavo, the bartender. He was friendly and attentitive without being overbearing.  He offered great suggestions and information about the food. If you are dining alone, and don't feel like sitting at the table, you will get just as good service at the bar.
3	Just Okay.  Nothing special.  There are a lot of reviews that say the "Best Steakhouse ever".  Although I doubt they have been to many real steakhouses.  Surprisingly the Steakhouse in Circus Circus is quite good - but very traditional; we tried it last year based on a recommendation from someone else.  They were right.  This (Brand Steakhouse) was just okay.  Food was fine, but nothing outstanding.  We had the Ultimate Steak for Two with Mac & Cheese and Creamed Spinach.  The Mac & Cheese was very good.  The meat was as expected, but nothing flavorful.  It may have something to do with the Ultimate Steaks being sliced for you.  You may be disappointed if you expect something a little more traditional.
3	Service was slow. They ran out of steaks so we had to eat a different cut. Not the best experience.
4	The Monte Carlo may be nothing special, but dinner @ Brand made me happy. My husband was a bit skeptical when I mentioned we were dining at the Monte Carlo, but even he left very impressed.Like Gabi M we took advantage of the special $37 Yelp Spring Break prix fixe menu. It was quite the meal for $37! I knew I was in for a treat after just a few bites (or OK...a few pieces) of their amazing bread. The baby in my stomach isn't a huge fan of shrimp right now, but it sure seemed to love the shrimp (and rest of the ingredients) in the brand salad. The chilean seabass was pretty incredible as well.  I didn't save nearly enough room for the ginormous baked alaska dessert, which may have been just for me, but was clearly big enough for my party of six.  Somehow I managed to put a bit of a dent in it so good thing I wasn't sharing!For $37 this was quite a meal, but it would be just as tasty at full price.
5	Had a meal with my boyfriend here and it was amazing. Everything we had was just perfect and the service was just as good. I love the design of the restaurant so overall it ended up being a great experience to all senses.
5	OH YUM!Stayed at the Monte Carlo as usual (hey, don't judge.  They give me free rooms and are in the middle of the Strip!).  This time we were celebrating a friend's birthday so we scoped out Brand.  SO glad we did!I was pleasantly surprised when we reviewed the menu; a steakhouse in Vegas that isn't trying wring your pocketbook dry!  I thought $39 for the filet mignon was completely reasonable.  PROS:* Impeccable service* Fantastic decor - hip but elegant... go figure* Steak done P-E-R-F-E-C-T-L-Y.  I always order blue rare and very few places will serve my steak this way.  Slightly cool in the middle - melted in my mouth.  Delectable!* Mouth-watering sides.  Their mac n' cheese was so amazingly creamy and delicious... I miss it still.* Decent portion sizes for a steak house!  Left feeling full and although we finished every bite of the food we ordered, we weren't left wanting more.CONS:* Ask for a table away from the casino floor if you're looking to hold a conversation.* It was over too soon!  :)I'd come here again in a heartbeat - sad that I missed prix fixe deal!  Guess I have to go to Sin City again.
4	WHY THE HELL NOT So me and a buddy checked in at the Monte Carlo ( 6/21/12) for our annual Las Vegas trip.After having a few drinks and a few shots to start the night we were going to hit the strip and see what trouble we could get into .We ran into a promotor for the Brand Lounge and we figure ," why the hell not ?"THE lounge is kinda smal and dark . But you will over look that once the bartenders go to work . the staff was friendly  and the bartenders knew their way around a bar. The best part about the brand is that it pretty much a bar just for people staying at the Monte Carlo . We met people form Indiana, Denver , and Brazil jus to name a few that was staying at the hotel . For a small lounge, there were at least 60 people in there so it felt packed and everyone there was just as happy (drunk) as i was. needless to say we ended our night there. Btw ladies drink pay 20 dollars for all you can drink all night .
5	This is in the Monte Carlo. It's way in the back of the casino and is darkly lit. Looks very business-like.They had a special deal that weekend. Three course meal for $37... YES, PLEASE.They did give us a salad... Caesar... and it was good. APPETIZER: TUNA TARTARE - Pine Nuts, Asian Pear, Toast PointsIt was delicious. I'm so glad I got it because it was a good size.MAIN COURSE: CHILEAN SEA BASS oh YEAH! This is the good stuff. Especially... the sauce! My fiance got the filet mignon and kept dipping it in my sauce (that's what she said). It was really good. Very savory and the fish mixed with it. YES. LOBSTER SAUCE.SIDES:BAKED MAC & CHEESE - This was alright. It's not truffled... but it was still good. VERY Big. Share it.GRILLED ASPARAGUS - Standard. Dip it in my lobster sauce! :DDESSERT:NY STYLE CHEESECAKE THIS... WAS HUGE. Don't expect the Costco size slice. This is HUGE. You can share with this four people :/ After a big hearty meal. STRAWBERRY BAKED ALASKAMY favorite. It was like a strawberry shortcake really.SERVICE:Very good and attentive. Dropped my fork... got a new one instantly. We had to wave at them several times, but it was fine. We got our bill and on our way. OVERALL:If there is a deal, grab it.This place was delicious. Even wotuout the deal. Get the Strawberry Baked Alaska!
5	Came here for dinner this past week, the week of July 4th.  Started with great bread, hot and fresh.  For apps we ordered the house salad and the rock shrimp, both were amazing, the shrimp were crunchy and spicy, just perfect.Now for the main course....  We order steak for 6, this steak could have easily fed 8.  It was cookered perfectly and the steak was flavorfull and tender, just perfect.  Throw in mac and cheese and mashed potatoes and you are in heaven.  The staff, included the mangaer Sarah, are all very firends and attentive.  Will definitly go back next time in vegas!
4	Place was pretty nice, but people can stare at you while you're eating, because you're practically eating on the gambling floor.Steak was nice high quality meat cooked exactly how I wanted it, with sauces to compliment the meat.Everything presentation-wise was first class
2	Did not enjoy the experience.   Chicken was sent raw on the inside.  It felt like there was no separation from the casino.  Management and hostesses were rude.  The only redemption was that Jessica and Roselle were friendly and attentive as servers.
4	The table service was fantastic!!!!!! The food was delicious!!!!!!!The hostess was an asshole. The casino host required a booth when she made the reservation for us, we had to remind the hostess when she seated us....She said "oh yeah... Booth for you two..." Please be professional when seating your customers W/ SMILE too!!!!!!
5	EXCELLENT food & service! Steaks were cooked perfect & had amazing flavor. Baked Mac & Cheese was to die for. Strawberry Baked Alaska is a must, YUM!!
4	This is an awesome restaurant for a bachelor party or other large gathering. Reservations are a breeze with Open Table. The Ultimate Steak to share with a few people is definitely the budget way to go if you want a steak and a few sides to share family style.  However our waiter did forget to being the extra side we ordered until we had already finished our meal. He was apologetic, and did comp us the extra side.  Attentive wait staff and superb presentation.  I'll definitely come here again.
5	My husband and best friends came to eat here and OMG. We had the steak for 2 with asparagus, Mac and cheese. It was to die for. Then off course I can't say enough about our waiter, he was funny, professional and efficient while attending to other patron's that is customer service..."  Couldn't say enough good things.
4	Excellent service, and obviously steak! The mac and cheese is a must! The restaurant seems to try to have a romantic vibe, but thats a little hard to do with the noise of the casino. Request a table in the back! My steak was cooked to perfection and it was presented with two sauces which complimented every bite! I will be going here again soon!
4	I came to Brand Memorial Day weekend for a bachelorette party. I arranged for us to have dinner through the bachelorette menu package. Our reservations were for 6pm and the restaurant was pretty empty which was kind of nice actually. We didn't have to yell over a bunch of noise to talk.We each got a glass of champage, our choice of salad and we all shared entrees which were really delicious. We had hot rocks, shrimp, penne pasta and calamari as well as individual desserts. The food was good and very plenitful. The servers brought out two of each entree, so for six girls we had a ton of food. In addition to celebrating the bride to be, it was also the birthday of one of the girls in our party so I secretly asked our server if she could bring out a little something special for her and she did, which was nice. The one negative thing was that hostess tried to seat us in the lounge area for our dinner even though I had the women that set up our dinner put a note that we wanted to sit in the actual dining area. If I wouldn't have said anything the hostess wouldn't have seated us in the correct area as I had arranged. Luckily, as I stated before the restaurant was empty so we got a table anyway.Overall, the dinner was lovely and I would definitely go back.
4	We are in Vegas, and THIS is fancy dining. Brand Steakhouse is one of the fancy spots that you'll find in the fancy strip casinos. I wouldn't have came here otherwise since I'm not a fancy fan, but this is the time for splurging and rewarding yourself for being an awesome person. My group purchased a prix fixe which included appetizer, entree and dessert.-=-Beef carpaccio-=- Thin cut slices of raw beef. Here's the kicker, they were topped with truffle slices. These were delicious. We also had tuna tartare at the table, but I preferred this for an appetizer.-=-Mac cheese-=- I got to try this from a neighbor. It's cheesy and good. Really, the frills here are the bread crumbs on top. While it wasn't unique enough to meet the caliber of gourmet food, I would have gladly scarfed these down in any other situation.-=-Filet Mignon, rare-=- It was either filet, salmon, or chicken. It came with 2 different sauces, but none that I really liked. The cream sauce was too strong on the milky side, and the pepper sauce had an undesirable after-taste. I ate the filet the way I usually eat my steaks, sauceless. While a filet cut is usually the most tender, for some reason my meat just seemed a bit too tough for my taste....tough meaning too warm of a temperature.-=-Cheesecake-=- It seemed there was no way to go wrong with the choices of 2 desserts here. I enjoyed this cheesecake thoroughly. It wasn't too sweet and was rather large and fluffy, exactly how I enjoy my cheesecakes.
5	SERIOUSLY AMAZING FOOD! Wow. I mean the food here is consistently good, I don't know why I haven't written a review sooner!I ate here again last night with 7 other people around 8pm. I had the seabass this time around and it was great. It was pan seared to a golden brown on top of a seafood risotto with little shrimps tossed in there too. I also split the wedge salad with the BF and it was a perfect portion with cherry tomatos, bacon, blue cheese crumbles, dressed in a bacon ranch dressing! The BF had a the brooklyn filet, a bone in filtet, which was amazing!! Mac and cheese... um omg. Truffled with ham and peas and baked to perfection. Whipped potatoes were creamy and delicious! Our friends had the steak for 2 and added the 2 lb lobster! So yummy... glad they shared!Service was great! Randall was really great about recommending things, and he was knowldgeable about the wine list too. He was attentive and we never felt rushed. This place is a hidden gem! Definitely try it out!
5	Went to Las Vegas recently celebrating my hunnie's sisters' birthday. Choose Brand Steakhouse due to variety and good pricing, was a bit skeptical cause sometimes just because the price is cheap doesn't mean the food is good. Was I wrong food was EXCELLENT!! We had the hot rocks for appetizer to start I thought not only was that fun for the family but it tasted really good. For dinner we had the meal for four it was an 80 oz steak we shared with two sides which we got garlic mash and grandma's mac n' cheese dinner was equally as good loved the mac n' cheese it was super creamy. As we rolled right onto dessert we got a kentucky butter cake to share simply light yet delicious. Over all experience was stupendous!! Service was great, a must go next time we hit up Vegas again.
1	This review is for their Lounge. I was walking with my group from Diablo Cantina to The Bellagio, and one of their many promoters on the street convinced us to go to Brand. I have stayed at the Monte Carlo before, and I did not even know they had a lounge. Anyways, he confirmed with us it would be $20 bucks each. He even walked us to the line. We saw that the line was a little long, but he assured us it would only be about a five minute wait. After a while in line I noticed that the only reason it was getting shorter, was because people were leaving the front of the line. Someone from the back of the line yelled at the hostess monitoring the line and told her that they were spewing lies, but some how we did not connect the dots. When we got through the rope, the girl working the line told us it would be $30 each. We confronted her and told her the name of the promoter that told us it would be $20. She did not even consider this, and goes on and on about how it was technically Saturday night, and now we had to pay the "weekend" price. Naturally, we left. Either the staff had NO sufficient communication, or they were just building up a line in order to get people to come to their obscure lounge.I'm sure it must be a lovely restaurant.
5	This was the only really nice dinner I had in Vegas. I wish i had more points of comparison in the city but I don't,Our server was great and professional. Maybe a little bit of "shtick" when he talked to us but I enjoyed him.6 of us split the 120 oz steak. It was great and satisfied us pretty well. My buddy ordered a 10oz Kobe Wagu sirlion (I apologize if I'm way off), I had a bite and it put out steak to shame. Possibly the best bite of steak I have ever had. Our sides were a loaded baked potato, mac and cheese (really good) and asparagus. We added a side of shrimp and crab which were $20 bucks a pop. These were the only let down. 4 shrimp and not too much crab. Oh well, seafood is expensive for what you get so what can you do.Dessert was awesome. At the table was a couple creme brules, a few kenucky bourbon cakes and a banana smores. The Smores are a site to be seen and something you should save room for.Would definitely go to again when in the area.
5	BEST FOOD IN VEGAS!!! Had the hot rocks, brand salad, carpaccio and oysters here. It was all soooo good!!!! Also and the banana s'mores dessert which was fun and tasty too! Chris the general manager was friendly and check on us and made sure we had a great time.  Roselle was out server ad she is amazing!! Great service and even better food! The steaks all cooked on a wood burning grill and the flavor was tasty. In short, get the hot rocks brand salad, then a ribeye with Mac n cheese. Best meal ever!
5	The most underused restaurant in Las Vegas and maybe the world.  Walk in and get a seat on a Saturday at 6pm?  Shame on you Las Vegas!  This place should be packed every night of the week.Get a table along the casino wall for the best experience (People Watching!!).Shout out to our server, Randall !!  (he said Randall with two L's but the credit card receipt showed only one L).  Not only was Randall fantastic, but when he was busy and we need more wine... NOW... other servers jumped right in without any problems.He steered us toward their special of the week.  A small 6 oz. Kobe Beef NY.  It came with side of peppercorn dressing that blew us all away.  Give them back the steak knife as there's no need for it.  Kobe Beef for $40!?!?  Wow!  Awesome!Mac & Cheese.  Do it.  Order two.  One's not enough... even if you're there alone.Asparagus... nothing special.  Same old same old.  I wanted the green beans but was outvoted.Mashed taters.  didn't try them.We're going to start staying at Monte Carlo just to make it easier to eat here.Thanks Brand!  And Randall!  You made our last night perfect.
4	GREAT RIB-EYE!Went here at 8 on a Saturday night with 4 other people. It's a great looking place with perfect lighting. The waitress was knowledgeable and quick. 3 or 4 drinks later i was ready to order. The rock shrimp was great. The tomato soup with grilled cheese was amazing. The rib-eye steak on the bone was simply incredible and the highlight of the night. The steak, complimented by 3 house sauces, is truly one of the best you will ever have. Also, the mac n' cheese side order and creamed spinach is must to go along with the steak. (my brother had the stuffed baked potato) I will definitely be back again my next trip to Vegas. Oh and on the weekends the bar of the restaurant turns into a lounge, pretty cool.
5	Wow i am seriously impressed with Brand. Prices are a bit steep but holy hell it's all worth it. The Tomahawk Ribeye just an amazing cut of cow and the presentation just sells itself. If you've never seen it browse the pictures and it'll catch your eye, just remember TOMAHAWK ribeye...I choose to have mine done Oscar Style which was explained to me by our super awesome bartender Gustav. Oscar Style tops the hunk of dead cow flesh expertly cooked with some asparagus, crab meat (Crab with a C not Krab with a K) and they drizzed Hollandaise sauce all over. Simply amazing.From start to finish the steak was cooked to a perfect medium rare and...perfect it was just damn near perfect. Remember that one scene in the first Matrix where Cypher was doing his dirty deal with the Agent and he was eating the steak? That kind of reaction but from the steak not the thought of betraying all your friends to get plugged back into a battery.From start to finish the entire dining experience at Brand has been nothing but super amazing. Gustav knows his cocktails and he will sell you on the menu. He doesn't just know the menu he believes in it as well as can recommend wild and crazy hacks on certain dishes to improve the dish. When the steaks came off Gustav grabbed another plate and poured the two offered sauces on to the plate so we can try it and in the middle was a mix of both sauces. Didnt even cross my mind to mix the two sauces but man it was a great idea.An amazing place. Highly recommended and locals get 20% off. So what are you waiting for? GO NOW!
5	I been here many times and I absolutely love the food. Filet is so tender and flavorful so worth the trip to the Monte Carlo. Sat in the lounge with Jenna and she was so attentive and so cute! The manager tonight was a well dressed slender gentlemen and was a pleasure, I think his name was kaleo,  everyone here made our dining experience a memorable one. Thanks again brand.
3	My husband and I were staying at the Monte Carlo so we wanted to try their steakhouse. The steaks were good. Not the best I've ever had, but still good.  The presentation or should I say lack there of was in need of some help. They basically put your slab of meat on a white plate with no garnish or pretty dressing of any kind. sorry but if I'm paying for an expensive filet/ steak I think the presentation of the plate should have some flair. The service was not so good. There were some larger tables that seemed to take precedence over our table of 2. Our waitress never checked on us till about 10 minutes after our food was delivered. We needed refill on our drinks and water. We ended up just getting the water refill. she knew she was slacking on us trying to clean off our table after we were ready for our check. Good food but this place needs some assistance.
2	Overrated. Had dinner at the bar and the service was terrible. The bartender was pleasant but did not listen. I ordered a capresse salad and rib eye. I asked that they come out together. They didn't. Later I was bothered by a drunk dunk guy, I saw they brought his out fresh bread. When I asked why he got bread and I didn't I was told it was available upon request and the manager requested it for him. I left the smallest tip I could, I am a former bartender and still cannot not tip.  I was really looking forward to the meal and I have had much better. For a rib eye I would suggest going across the street to Craftsteak.
4	Okay four very large men vs an 80oz steak, who do you think won that battle? While it was an epic display of man vs food the steak bravely lost to our constant barrage of bites. Honestly, it didn't stand a chance against us. The first to go down were the amazing loaded baked potato mashed potatoes (order that after a few of Brand's delicious Cable Cars). There were vegetables involved somewhere, creamed spinach and killer macaroni and cheese (yes, mac and cheese is a vegetable as far as Im concerned, it doesn't have seeds you know) but those were a mere tasty calm on war our ravaged table. While Ive already described the outcome you should know that it was one tremendously amazing steak. The meat was already removed from the bone for us but that didn't stop me from gnawing on the spoils of war. Medium rare tender supple juicy beefy.How do you have a steak battle of your own? Grab friends and journey Brand Steakhouse for The Ultimate Steak.
4	My group & I were heading to dinner when approached by a gentleman telling us about Brand Ultra Lounge.  Next to the restaurant after 1030pm they have a live DJ come in and the party begins. After dinner we went directly to the club.  They offered open bar for ladies till 4am. A deal our ladies couldn't pass up for $20. The staff was friendly & very helpful. I lost my cell phone & within minutes of telling security I had my phone back in my hands. They bartenders were quick to make drinks & recommended some shots that were a great compliment to our cocktails.  Next time I'm looking for a great dinner & some dancing. I know where to bring my friends.
4	hidden secret in Vegas! great steak & lounge also , so I had great wednesday, didn't want party too hard, the restaurant was pretty good and the door staff of lounge super nice & personable . good place
3	I wanted to try Brand after reading the good reviews on Yelp.  The food and the service was good, but it didn't make it to four stars.I ordered the Brooklyn filet, a 12 ounce, bone-in filet.  I ordered it black and blue.  I opted for the loaded baked potato as my server suggested it was more of a single diner option for a side than some of the others which are almost large enough to be shared.  The baker had butter, sour cream, cheese, and bacon.  For dessert, I got the banana s'mores, a unique dessert of a banana with with some chocolate and toasted miniature marshmallows on top of the baked banana.  With the banana came 3 dishes, one with some extra chocolate bits, one with vanilla ice cream, and one with a sauce of peanut butter with coconut.  There were also some graham crackers to dip or just eat with the other things.The food was good.  The filet was grilled nicely and done the way I requested.  The dessert was quite creative and something you don't see anywhere else. Service was excellent.  Iced tea was refilled promptly, my server came by several times to see if I needed anything, and they passed the dead sweetener packet test with flying colors!So why 3 stars.  One, they had no bread service.  Really?  At these prices you can't do bread.  I also am not fond of the openness of the restaurant to the casino.  When I'm at a casino steakhouse, I want to be cut off from the sights and sounds of the casino.  Here, I had a view of several flat screens at the blackjack pits and i could see lots of flashing slot lights.  Finally, there really wasn't anything special about the food.  The s'mores dessert was special but the rest was OK.  Hence the 3 stars.  It's not a place to which I'd come back.
3	I ordered the filet but should have ordered the tomahawk ribeye. The food is good the service is good and it is worth the money spent. I had business dinner and the setting was great. I am impressed with the quality and service I received and didn't expect it to be that good. One of the appetizers I was able to cook myself on the "hot rock" which is awesome. I would give them a 3 1/2 stars but don't have the choice. Maybe they will get to the four stars when I go back and try the tomahawk ribeye or the bone in filet.
5	Best steak I've ever had!
5	A great overall experience.We had fish and steak.  Both were great.  The restaurant is wide open to the casino and sits alongside it.  The service was very good as well. I usually never put  anything on a great steak from a top steakhouse. I don't even like the melted butter.  I had a new York strip.  The waiter brought me two steak sauces that I thought I wouldn't use.  I tried the peppercorn steak sauce and loved it.  It went very well with the strip.The sea bass was great as well.  I am always hesitant on ordering fish out of town.  Being from Long Island, I am used to very fresh fish. It was soft and cooked perfectly.  The fish was seared and flaked off with a fork.
5	We ate at the restaurant after going to the Blue Man Group.  After eating at a few other places on the strip we became used to high prices with small portions, that was not the case for this place where the portions are anything but small.  Both our meals were the best we had on this trip and came close to be the best we had on any trip.  The 24 oz Rib Eye was to die for as were the mushroom side.  I agree with everything Elizabeth W. wrote in her review.  This place is a must and I wish we would have ate there sooner because we would have been a repeat customer during the trip.
3	Nothing to write home about. Steak was decent but I've had better. Our waitress didn't know the wine menu which was a bummer too.
4	Pretty solid steakhouse .... So the PIC got us tickets to the Jabbawockez and we had to figure out dinner since Gordon ramseys steakhouse was booked for like a damn week :( :( :(  Im still sad about that! Oh well, we knew we wanted to do a steakhouse dinner at least once  during our Vegas stay! So what better place to do it , than the hotel that has both our show and a steakhouse! Cool thing we received, was a 20% discount off our meal  since we were watching the show inside the same hotel. SCORE!   So we made rsvps and got there with no waiting. Service yet again was great. Man im loving Vegas for the service we've been getting! So we scale the menu and we decide to be easy going and not overfilling before the show. We order some cocktails that were tassssssty. I had this cucumber drink with a very plump cherry tomato with it. Very refreshing.  We started with the tuna tartare appetizer and man I wasn't expecting for it to be so garlicky. It was good BUT man you breath on a vampire and they're ghost. The mixture had cashews  as well. I liked the crunch and the crustinis were yum as well. For the main course we did a ribeye split with a lobster tail. The steak was cooked perfectly (medium rare) but lacked some seasoning for real. The lobster tail was the best one I ever had. I loved that they deshelled it and sliced it with this CRACK stuffing stuff under it , Im still thicking about that stuffing under the tail! I could eat two of those! Damn. For dessert we did the strawberry baked alaska. That was aight but then again by this point I was wasted LOL. So can't say to much  on that HAHA.  I most definitely come here again but probably for a pre-dinner :)
5	this place was probably one of the highlights of my trip. my friend at work went a few months earlier and even did the ribeye for 6 or some craziness like that. the ribeye was phenomenal. i have a weakspot for wagyu but it was so good. i almost didn't have to chew and if my stomach allowed i wouldn't have. great mushrooms and the mac n cheese was phenomenal. they know what they are doing and i can't say that about many of the famous steakhouses in the country. some places have a bazillion staff members but very few know anything about truly great steak. actually most steak house in vegas have great clout or branding but execution is pitifulservice was phenomenal. of course im beautiful but im not exactly screaming 'whale'. however they never once made our party feel like we're tourists from the middle of omaha nebraska. they know many tourists go through the place and make sure that all of them can recall brand as one of the highlights of their time in vegas. i am surprised its in monte carlo. cosmo or aria should QUICKLY steal it if possible. monte carlo is lucky that it has this place. however the perk is that if you're near by you dont have to fight through all the crowds and cluster yet still get one of THE best meals in vegas. if this place was in aria or cosmo or etc it could easily add a 20% mark upJEANS: OK but dont wear flip flops or a t shirtORDER: wait staff
5	WOW.This place blew my mind. Mind you I had eaten all day and we only came for appetizers but that was still great.Appetizers chosen:Hot Rocks- what the place is basically known for. They bring out an 800 degree volcanic rock and you cook your sirloin meat on it. So amazing, fun, bitchin, and tasty.Caprese_ My absolute fav. Fresh, crunchy, and the toasts were savory.Ahi Tartare- Just the right amount and very flavorful with garlic. Mac n Cheese- This needs to be eaten wearing sweats. Straight up. That's so fat fuck it was. Ceasar Salad- My friend got that one. It was more traditional.Butter Cake- Tasty and warm.The wine selection is wonderful. :)Our server AJ was phenomenal. He was so helpful. attentive, and put a smile on our face. Plus, he was a cutie. Ladies, get it!
5	Loved the food at Brand. The steak was amazing, the side dishes were excellent. I was really pleased with this restaurant among the number of choices available in Las Vegas to eat. The steaks were actually cooked to your liking, the staff was attentive to our needs being that most people such as we did have an 8pm show to attend when they come in just before 7. And they ask you if your seeing a show tonight... Ahh customer service how nice. :-) I love Brand and will definitely return on my next trip to Vegas.
2	For a "High End" joint, this place leaves you in want. Move on.
5	Most likely the best Filet Mignon I ever had. Professional waiter and a nice ambience. A+++ in my book.
2	For the price... I was expecting much better steak.  My group split an "Ultimate Steak" for 4, which was 80 ounces of steak.  It was very dry, lacked flavor, and I just did not enjoy it at all.  The sides were pretty good - we shared grilled asparagus and macaroni and cheese. The mac and cheese was creamy and flavorful and the asparagus was fresh. We also ordered calamari as an appetizer which was good too - nice and crispy with just the right amount of seasoning.  I just feel that something with "steakhouse" in the name should have good steak, and I just did not feel that this place had it going on.  The service was good though.  Our waiter was attentive, friendly, and very charismatic.
3	A decent meal, though a bit pricey for what you get. Had to send the Prime Rib back (asked for medium well, it came out rare. Shouldn't happen in a high end steak hous - reheated steak=bad steak) Filet was nothing special, a bit dry for my taste. Service was good, just not impressed with what we got for $240.
5	My husband and I love the Brand Lounge. They have a great happy hour with delicious food and drinks. We made it a point to come here on our most recent trip. Thanks to myVEGAS we had a total of $100 comped. The Wedge Salad with Lobster is one of my top recommendations. We also shared the Salmon Carpaccio, Shrimp Cocktail, and the Sliders. Everything tasted amazing!. The service was nice and attentive. This place has never been a disappointment to us!
3	Only average tasting, at best. I ordered a 50 dollar tomahawk steak, which says 24oz, but at least 20oz of it is the bone. It was medium cooked yet the outside is burnt. I would give it a lower rating but their mac n cheese is pretty damn good. My friend had the sirloin which was not bad. Brand you guys need to step it up, maybe I expected too much? Also noticed particles in the glass of grey goose we ordered... sigh. 150$ meal.....
5	Dinner & Dancing. What a great night. Started off with a wonderful dinner with all the fixings.  After dinner the transformed into an Ultra Lounge. They had an open bar for ladies all night.  My girl was loving that.  If your looking for a great night out. Brand is where I'd want to be.
4	When I heard Brand was opening, it meant Blackstones was closing.  I liked that place, so I was a little annoyed.BUT, Brand is way better.  Eaten here a few times.  Both times I've been with my wife, she has gotten the Ritz cracker stuffed lobster.  This is the best stuffed lobster we have eaten.  Can't recommend it enough.  The stuffing doesn't take the place of the lobster, and you get a lot of lobster meat.The seafood platter is always excellent, as are the oysters.  But, the star here is the steak.  My groups usually get the steak for 2 or 4, depending on how many.  It's a very large cut and it's more than enough to feed 2 people with sides and sauces.  By the way, every side and every sauce I've had here is fantastic.  You can't go wrong at this joint.  I just can't quite put it in the upper echelon of steakhouse with Cut and Carnevino, but you will get an excellent meal for a competitive price (on the strip at least).
5	The steak is delicious.  Easily in category of the TOP 3 best steaks I've ever had."The Ultimate Steak" platter, 120oz of steak for $250 - DELICIOUS!!!!! -The steak is cut into thin slices for your entire party to enjoy, so you don't have to worry about dividing it up.  We had it medium rare and it came out PERFECT.  Slightly bloody, juicy, and tender.  Just writing this review makes me mouth-water for it!!  We had a party of 5 guys and 1 girl sharing this and we were all STUFFED w/o any leftovers (keep in mind 3 guys in my party were over 200 lbs).  You can probably get away w/ 7-8 people sharing this monster.  Plus for the price?  $250 seems like a lot but split between 6 people is $40 a head.   Score!!SidesMacaroni & Cheese - Above average - The Mac & Cheese is delicious.  It came out baked and was still crunchy (I hate when it's creamy/runny).  Worth it.Cream Spinach - Average - Wasn't anything memorable, standard spinach.  Dessert-NY Style Cheesecake ($10) - Exceptional - This is a delicious dessert!! The cheesecake is rich & thick.  I was amazed w/ every bite I ate.  Strawberry baked Alaska ($10) - Average.  Don't remember it being any memorable. I'd pass on this.Grilled Banana Smores ($10) - Below average.  This was ok, but wasn't anything special.  You can buy all the stuff at home for half the price and it'll taste the same.  I'd suggest asking for extra graham crackers tho.TIPS:-Bread is complimentary UPON REQUEST.  Ask for bread!  It's delicious too.-Place turns into a lounge/club at night.
5	By far THE BEST steakhouse I have ever eaten at and I've eaten at quite a few, and supposedly the best, steakhouses. This is now a must for me very time I'm in Vegas which is about every 2 - 3 months. I'm going next month and am already excited just thinking about BRAND!!! Everything is delicious!!!
5	Just sitting here thinking about that steak makes my mouth drip with excitement.MAKE SURE YOU ASK FOR THE BREAD AND BUTTER - IT IS ONLY GIVEN WHEN REQUESTED! It's delicious, you won't want to miss this.Steak: Our group of 6 ordered the Ultimate Steak Platter (ordered medium rare) which is 120oz of steak for $250 (breaks down to about $40 per person which is a phenomenal deal). It was out of this world delicious. The steak is cut into slices making it easy for everyone to dig in and share. Every piece was so delicate, juicy, creamy, so mouth wateringly good, that it rates as one of the top 3 steaks I've had anywhere, ever.Side Orders:Mac & Cheese - It was pretty good. It was baked with a nice crust on the top, very decadent, with a good amount of creaminess from the cheese. I'd order it again.Cream Spinach - Meh. It wasn't that great, but it wasn't bad. I'd probably order something different.Dessert:Cheesecake - Top 3 best cheesecakes I've ever had. I'm a man with a sweet tooth for pastries and I'm telling you, without a doubt, if you miss this, you'll regret it. It's one of the richest cakes I've ever had. Make sure you split it with someone, 1 slice is too much for any one person to handle.Smores - Not very good. I could make it better myself at home. The grilled banana is a nice touch but it doesn't save this dessert.Strawberry Backed Alaska - It was good but a little heavy on the whipped topping for me. The ice cream was good but it was an overall average dessert.I paid a total of $70-$80 and I was stuffed to the brim with great food and great dessert. You can't go wrong here.
4	Food:"Hot Rocks" - Tasty.  I was a bit worried it'd just be plain sliced beef, and thus just a gimmick, but it was nicely seasoned with ponzu.  Don't cook it too long obviously, otherwise it'll be tough and chewy.Crispy rock shrimp - Pretty good.  Almost the same as Dynamite Shrimp at Sansei's, or other similar preparations of lightly tempura battered shrimp with a tiny kick.  Tomahawk ribeye - Surprisingly really delicious.  I honestly  wasn't expecting much, but it was quite nicely salted (on the heavier side, which I prefer), with an excellent char (not too burnt, not too bland).  If I was a tad picky, or Tom Colicchio on Top Chef, I'd note the bone wasn't uber cleaned/Frenched, but still one of the better tasting steaks I've had.  Ultimate Steak 80oz - only had a piece, which I found a bit on the bland side, as well as a tad chewy (though not from being overcooked).  Sides (mushrooms, mac & cheese, broccolini) - on the smallish side, but given the size of the beef, sufficient for sharing with ~4 people.  Mac&cheese was a tad rich, though the crust was great.  Ambiance/service/etc:The decor is dark and trendy, though there's only a partial wall separating out the main casino floor, which sort of detracts from the ambiance with all the flashing lights and hubub.  If seated further in, it helps a bit, but the seats closer to the casino wouldn't really feel particularly steak-housey.  Service was good.
1	Wow!  What a disappointment this 'romantic' dinner experience was!  With reservations for 700pm and high reviews from yelp and other sources, we ended up sitting at a 2 person table very reminiscent of Bob Evans, rendering the  'romantic' ambience instantly negated.  Followed up with Techno music playing as loud as any Rave. It contrasted starkly with the rock music and gaming that filtered directly in from the casino floor.   It seemed it was meant to drowned out the casino sounds. The food. Let me start by saying the waiter offered drinks. I had a beer, my wife declined any alcohol. He failed to offer her any non-alcoholic beverages. She drank water.  The steak carpaccio was sinewy, fairly tasteless, and nearly impossible to pick up with a fork.  My guess was it was cut frozen, placed on a warm plate and then refrigerated. We had the '40 oz' steak for 2. We had more than enough steak for 2 ; but it was more like a 24 or 28 oz cut.   Asparagus was on the menu but the only had broccolini ( baby broccoli spears).  Not fans.  We voiced our concerns with the waiter who was more offended than interested in corrective measures.  Definitely somewhere we would NOT recommend OR return to. Did I mention the offensive Techo 'vibe' of this 'classy ,intimate, romantic, and upscale' place with an 'average' noise level?  It as anything but those descriptors.
3	Had the fish, looked better then the beef.
4	Better then expected. Service was great. Food was excellent except for the prime rib. Whatever you do, do not get prime rib. It was dry and it doesn't come with au jus sauce. It come with this werid thick sauce that doesn't taste good. Never heard of a place that serves prime rib without au jus sauce. WERID and just so wrong, but the rest of the food was great.Hot Rocks-thinly sliced Sirlion that you cook yourself on a very hot rock. It was interesting and very tasty.Tuna Tartare-I loved it. The pinenuts went so well with it, but need to get rid of the toast. It was just plain white breadCrispy Rock Shrimp-the sauce was yummy and not too spicyChilean Sea Bass with Lemon Risotto-Risotto has got to go, but the fish was cooked perfectly and the flavor was so yummyTomahawk Ribeye-to die for. So tender and wonderful flavors. The Ultimate Steak 80oz of steak that serves 4. My hubby ate it all himself. Very surprising. They cut it all up for you. It was yummyRoast & Smoked Mushrooms-very yummy. Great smokey flavorsMac and Cheese-fail. Has peas and was way too creamy.
3	I stopped by here to get a small bite and quick drink. Wine was fine. The shrimp cocktail wasn't bad. A little chewy but okay. The only thing was that the waitress kept calling me "babe." Wtf?? Weird. I'm not uptight but are you trying to portray an upscale restaurant or some cheesy Vegas bar? Ehhh.
5	So we were set on going to a steak house, but had waited to long and most of the highly rated Vegas Strip restaurants were booked up. We came across Brand and discovered that it had a deal for 80oz of steak for only $180 (for 4 people) so we thought hey, why not. Such a great decision!!The food and service was amazing. The steak was cooked perfectly and they make 2 sauces daily that you can use with it, which were amazing. We were a bit hesitant at first when our waiter kept saying everything we asked about was his "personal favorite" but we soon learned why. I did not have one bite there that I didn't like. While this may sound crazy, they also had, hands down, the BEST creamed spinach I have ever had in my life. Amazing.It has a swanky lounge type setting, which made it feel like a nice steak house, but also is situated right in the casino of Monte Carlo so we even had a little people watching entertainment. It wasn't loud either, considering its location. The 4 of us had no issues hearing each other throughout dinner.I would definitely go back!
4	Had great steak, best meal we has in LV
1	I never thought I wouldn't be giving a 5 star rating, we've dined here before and we were very impressed. I made reservations on open table about a month ago and 15 minutes before we were to be at dinner I accidentally cancelled our reservation, I immediately called BRAND and let them know of the mistake I made but I kept getting their after hours center even though they were open so my husband and I decided just to go down early and speak with them. Once explaining what I had accidentally done the hostess wasn't going to allow us to eat there because they were "fully booked" luckily the Manager was there and allowed us to keep our reservation. We waited a while for our waiter to come by they finally brought us water and in about 15 minutes we were able to place our wine order. It was clear to us at this time because we had accidentally cancelled the reservation (15 minutes prior) that we weren't going to receive the same level of service as the others dining near us. I hadn't been feeling well and it took a while to place our order and get our appetizer (hot rocks which was very good). About an hour into dinner I decided I would rather go up to our room because I wasn't feeling well. My husband asked them to pack up our dinner which they did however once we got it up to our room we realized they didn't give us any utensils we then had to order room service   to get utensils because I still wasn't able to get anyone on the phone at the actual restaurant. After spending 200 on dinner and then another 20 to get utensils my husband and I unfortunately will not be dining at BRAND again. I was very excited to dine here because of how awesome our first experience was but this was just horrible to wait that long for drinks and dinner and to clearly see open tables throughout the restaurant, just not acceptable.
4	Was here for Valentines day dinner. As with all Vegas hotels, the restaurants are usually overpriced. So we take the plunge and go for broke. The atmosphere is kind of unique as some of the seating area is part of the casino, so you get to inhale all the smoke and hear all the action while people walk past your table and gawk. Putting that aside we ordered the steak for 2 and a wedge salad. I must add, you need to ask them for bread, (I learned this from a previous review) which is a must have. It is baked on request and it is awesome. The salad was good, but a very very small portion. The steak was good, they give you a choice of one side and 2 steak sauces.We had the garlic mashed potatoes which were great. We were stuffed after dinner and passed on dessert. It is a little pricey, but if your looking for a good meal at the MC I would suggest    Brand.
4	4.5 stars.We stayed at the Monte Carlo during our Valentine's trip last week. While we could not get reservations on Valentine's night, we got them for the following night. Service: The service was seriously impeccable. I believe our server's name was Chris and he was absolutely amazing. Appetizer: Fried calamari. Perfect. 10 out of 10. Probably the best we have ever had anywhere!Meal: We got the steak for 2 which was the porterhouse, sliced off the bone. I am a rare steak kind of person and my boyfriend is more medium rare. The steak came out pretty rare, even for me. But we ate it anyway and we were not disappointed in the least. The flavor was awesome despite being a little under-cooked. I wasn't too crazy about the house sauces (red wine Worcestershire and a peppercorn sauce) but they weren't terrible. They were out of asparagus but they subbed us some broccolini cooked in browned butter which was just out of this world. We also split a baked potato which could have been fluffier but was still delicious regardless.Dessert: Strawberry baked Alaska. This is like a 15 out of 10. If we could have licked the plate I think we would have. It was spectacular. The only things I will take points off for are the music (it's pretty loud but I think that's because it's right beside the casino and it has to be sort of loud to drown out that noise) and the little things we found wrong with the meal.
4	Expensive but outstanding meal located right next to the Monte Carlo casino floor. The service is first rate, as you'd expect in an expensive steakhouse. They are friendly and happily answer your questions while also allowing you to enjoy your meal without constant interruptions. Be sure and ask for some bread, they have excellent garlic rolls but you have to ask for them for some odd reason. The French Onion soup is very good but not amazing, if you like that soup it's worth the order. I had the New York sirloin which was well seasoned and cooked perfectly. I would order this again. As for the sides, the green beans are excellent, the mushrooms are good if you like a stronger mushroom flavor, and the mashed potatoes are okay too. If you have room for dessert give the Kentucky Bourbon Cake a shot. Others have commented about noise, but I was seated in the middle of the restaurant and didn't hear any outside noise. This is an expensive meal but worth the price, I'd return here.
3	Food = 5 starsService = 0 starsWent here last Sunday for dinner, told the hostess we didn't have reservations and she said they were fully booked and we could eat in the bar if we wanted. The place wasn't even half full. We left to smoke and finish our drinks and this time we came back the manager Justin was up front next to her and I said "I guess we're eating in the bar since we can't get a table." He asked why I said that and I explained and then he said it would just be a 10-15 minute wait and I should have been informed that instead of not given a choice. We order a drink and wait to get seated, which was very quick, not even 10 minutes. Sat down and our female waitress Alex gives us our menus, a couple minutes later comes back and takes our order and that was the last we saw of her until we flagged her down for our check. We didn't know of any specials they had until a couple sat down next to us and we overheard their server Russell tell them. I told Russell I wish he was our server because Alex was horrible. Russell even cleared our table because he noticed how long the plates were sitting there. Besides the service, our meal was perfect! My Brooklyn filet was prepared a perfect medium rare with a nice char and flavor to it. Her filet was also a very good medium and tasted great to me, even though she added a little more salt and pepper. The best mac and cheese i've had yet and the creamed spinach was also excellent. Bottom line, the food was amazing, the hostess that night was a bitch, our female server Alex should work at a fast food restaurant, Russell cares about his job and is the man and the manager Justin did his job to try and rectify the problem. I would only go back if I'm sitting in Russell's section...
3	This is the steakhouse that just happen to be in the same hotel me and the wife were at just few weeks ago.  The Monte Carlo hotel in Vegas.  Well we first found out that this is a spacial steak house its been on few food network shows. So, automatically it makes it our favorite. The first time we checked-in We wanted to just relax and enjoy a good steak. We both of course had our regular drinks "wine" of course that goes well with the steak cut we were about to order.  We ordered their 40oz steak dinner for two which was perfect for "two." It also comes with two side dishes and Omg their to die for signature steak sauces. Everything was just perfectly cooked along with great customer services.  I strongly recommend their "Brooklyn filet" like I always say its "to die for" in every possible way. Me and the wife found it a little too high on the price side. but again its 1) Vegas and 2) Steak house! haha (: Cheers guys!
5	I was walking thru Monte Carlo and I started to hear the music get louder and louder. The bass dropping. I knew there was a party brewing. Next thing you know I'm in the middle of the dance floor of Brand Ultra Lounge. Great energy. DJ Guy Williams just killing and the crowd is going wild. Had a great time. Will be back soon.
5	Brand was Amazing.... In fact, while we were there, I was looking at the YELP reviews.... What's funny is all the previous reviews sorta rolled into ours... We sat in the table section next to the casino floor. Randall (Great Server) was our waiter. I had the Tomahawk Rib Eye (Yes I ate the while thing) Med-Rare- Cooked perfectly.Wife had the Filet cooked well done (Ugh... Hate seeing a great steak ruined)... We had the Rock Shrimp appetizer.... AWESOME. Our sides were Asparagus and the Mac and Cheese. Both were really good.... And I do not like Mac n Cheese... Wife had wine-  Muscatto (sp) and I had 2 beers.  Our bill was $175 but well worth it... I was lookin for a great steak and I found it!
5	Let me preface this with I am not a steak eater at all. I can blame my mom, growing up on meat and potatoes, I have no desire for it. With that being said, I had one of the most incredible dinners here to date. Starting with cocktails, I had to try the cucumber martini as this is one of my favorite drinks, but I'm very picky about the preparation, has to made with Hendrick's Gin, I'm not much of a vodka drinker, so I was hesitant to try this, but our server encouraged me to try it, made with Square One Cucumber Vodka, cucumber essence, lime, cane nectar, this was actually pretty good, but the next cocktail I tried is still haunting me in my dreams to this day, Heat of The Moment, made with Patron Silver, fresh lime and passion fruit, smoking hot fresno chiles and smoking peppers. Hands down best cocktail I've ever had. Ever. When you take a sip, the passion fruit comes together with the chiles to create a magnificent spicy and sweet drink. They have an amazing mixologist behind that bar. We started out with The Big Wedge Salad, I have a soft spot for this kind of salad, and it came out on separate plates without us even having to ask to split. I needed help ordering as I honestly have no idea about cuts of steak and what not. I went with the Tomahawk Ribeye only because it looked like so much fun. My date had the Brooklyn Filet, I had a bite and I liked this WAY better than my steak. Dang I hate when that happens. I learned that I prefer a filet over a ribeye (less fat and more clean tasting). Both were cooked to perfection. We shared a couple sides and the Baked Mac & Cheese stood out the most.The atmosphere is fun, the restaurant is open to the casino, so you have a birds eye view of the tables, and we even got to see the Blue Man Group Parade come through. Service was impecable, our server Christie was very attentive. Will very well come back, and would send friends here on recommendation.
5	I also had the  medium rare ribeye. It was delicious. My daughter had the 8oz filet. It was very good also. We had baked potatoes as our side and they were good as well. They had cheese, bacon, and just enough sour cream for my taste but not too much. I did notice that they were a bit on the salty side but not enough that I didn't eat it all.  We also had Randall as our server. Very nice guy, pleasant and attentive. I would definitely eat here again
4	Great experience. The food was awesome. Went there with a group so we tried many things.Appetizers: finger licking lollipop wings were cooked perfectly, flavored perfectly, and had ample meat. Hot rocks was fun and delicious. Colossal crab Louis was tasty with huge lumps. We had a carpaccio, but I could not get it off the plate with my chopsticks; it crumbled apart. The jumbo white shrimp cocktail looked amazing, but it got devoured before I could get a piece.Main course: I had the Wagyu steak. Per the waiters recommendation I ordered it rare. I did not like it that pink. It was too rubbery. I tried a friends Brooklyn filet. It was amazing. Wonderful flavor.Side dishes (ala a carte): Mac and cheese was really great. Crunchy cheesy crust with hot creamy noodles. Yum! Loaded backed potatoes were really good. Served whipped in a cast iron skillet. Grilled asparagus and roasted and smoked mushrooms were also delicious.Dessert: baked Alaska was a nice ending. The cream top tasted of marshmallow, not whipped cream. Kentucky butter cake was also good.On a side note, I did not like the yellow lighting.Wait staff was polite and attentive.I would go back.
4	Awesome steak, kinda pricey but I think its well worth it.  One of the best steaks I've had in a while. It was alittle louder with the music selection, but overall it wa a very nice dinner at a nicer restaurant in Vegas.
4	My husband and I decided to visit Brand Steakhouse before we went to see Beatles LOVE.  It took the waiter some time to visit our table.  I gave him a heads up that we were seeing a show following dinner so we would not be taking our time...Bread & Butter- I am a carb addict and was starving after my walk to the place.  Wonderful!Anton's Tomahawk Rib Eye- Our shared entree.  Great steak!  Kept it simple with the right flavors; cooked medium.Baked Mac & Cheese- Shared this side.  So delicious I wished I had my own!!The food was a nice experience, but our waiter was not as attentive as I would like with our drink orders and pace.
4	We just stayed at the Monte Carlo and we wanted to do a nice steak dinner for Saturday night.  Being 6 dudes, we were not disappointed.  They gave us 2 for 1 drink specials and sat us at a great table.  The atmosphere of the restaurant is really nice, only bad this is it is in open view of the casino floor.  Monte Carlo isn't the classiest hotel on the strip, so takes away a little bit of the steak experience when you look out at smokey gamblers and big screen TVs.  But I digress...The steak was excellent.  They have a 120 oz steak for 6 on the menu, so of course we got it.  Came out as an excellent Mound of Meat presentation, but totally classy.  Cooked to perfection as any expensive steakhouse should do it.  Came with sides and dipping sauces, both excellent additions to the meal.Staff was friendly and efficient, which is always appreciated.  They gave us free entry into Brand "after hours" as the lounge portion turns into a club at night.  We rolled in there after midnight, and it was not a hot spot.Bottom line:  Great steakhouse, bad nightclub.  Only in Vegas.
5	A definite must try while in Vegas. It's a guarantee you'll love. For a couple seeking a steak, you must try the Tomahawk Rib Eye!
5	Went recently to Brand for some appetizers, not being quite hungry enough for a full blown out dinner.  Though I've done the steak there before and it's DEElicious!! This time had the meatball flatbread pizza- chopped into eight pieces and easy to share, calamari and Caesar salad, crisp cold and refreshing and the lollipop chicken wings, wow!! It was so fun to get a couple of plates and share, everything was tasty and presented with a little fanfare. What a well curated wine list-oldies but goodies such as Sonoma-Cutrer and also a few less known gems offers something for everyone. We had a two person team, Kristi and Randall taking care or us. And we felt taken CARE of, we sat in the back section which felt intimate but not stuffy and were walked through a casual but elegant dining experience. I certainly recommend a stop here if you find yourself at the Monte Carlo or in town and in search of a delicious meal. It would be appropriate for a business dinner as well.
5	One of the best steakhouse's in Vegas.  Service was great.  Servers name was Brianna (I think).  She was very nice and there wasn't a single time that she bothered us.  She knew exactly when to show up for service, and she was very nice on the eyes.  The food was excellent and better priced than most of the Steakhouses in the area. Go to Vegas every year and the Brand will be on my list next year.
5	Delicious meal, great service.
4	Great upper-casual atmosphere.  I prefer a darker setting, which is what you get here.   Nice ambiance, the Hot Rock appetizer is a must!  Looks fantastic, tastes even better.  Our table ordered, among other items, the Tomahawk and sea bass.  The steak was cooked perfectly to order, and sea bass was one of the best.  Little heavy when paired with risotto, but that's more of a personal preference.Make sure to ask for the bread, you will NOT regret it!!!Attentive and cooperative staff, tended to particularities with ease.Will definitely dine again.
5	Hands down my favorite steakhouse in Las Vegas thus far!I took my friend here to celebrate his birthday in December 2012. The hostess in front of the restaurant was very nice, and we were seated promptly because I had made reservations ahead of time. The lighting was very dim and you could make out "cow decor," you'll see what I mean when you eat there. It's definitely a very relaxing environment.Thank you to the Yelpers that gave me the tips about the Hot Rocks appetizer. We ordered it, and LOVED it! It was so much fun cooking it like that, and we wish there was more because the meat was so flavorful.I ordered the New York Sirloin and honestly, I've never had a softer steak. It cut easily and they cooked it a PERFECT medium rare. Which is hard for me to find around here for some reason. My friend ordered the Chef's Nightly Wagyu Selection. I had a bite and mm mm mm! It was juicy and delicious. I wanted to finish his, haha. During our meal, the Blue Man Group was parading around the hotel. They even had a conga line going and that was certainly entertaining.It was a great experience and I am definitely looking forward to going back!
5	We dined here with a large group. The sashimi appetizer was very good. I opted for the piggish tomahawk steak, the bone rotating around my plate, knocking over drinks on the table as I chowed down. Too many drinks, I now can't even recall all the different appetizers, I was stuffed. A nice place for a meal, recommended.
4	First and foremost, the rib-eye was really awesome. I ordered the garlic mashed potatoes with it and think the serving size was on the small side for sure. I sat at the bar and it was early in the night so I couldn't get a feel on the energy level of the place, but the design was pretty cool. It was dark, with a south beach type of design. I was one of only a few at the bar eating(by myself) and thought that they shouldn't have such a pregnant girl bartending because she was she seamed tired. This place would do better for sure in another hotel. I would recommend this place for groups and dates, not boys nights out.
4	Delicious food and best of all- we didn't have to leave the hotel! Ordered a bottle of sparkling wine to have with dinner and it was yum. I could have eaten 2 filet mignons!
4	We ate dinner here with some friends while in Vegas.  The steaks were great... everything is ala carte~ nothing comes on the plate except the steak.  I would highly recommend the tomahawk steak.
5	This place is great.  Went here for my bday this year.  Have to try the hot rock app, delicious and for dessert the bread pudding with the captain crunch on top, cant go wrong. If they didn't tell you locals get a discount.
3	decent food of course but kind of like if you've been to one steakhouse, you've been to them all. i would go back but nothing really stands out as insanely delicious or different.
5	Always a great experience here at brand steak house and lounge! Never a disappointing moment!! Food is amazing and the quality of service is always up to par.  Warmly Welcomed at the door by Lola the hostess  , also by Chris the gm, he is always so nice and makes sure everything is going well. Roselle really is one of the best servers here and trinadad our busser was very attentive to our needs. Even the food runners delivered out food with smiles. Love love love this place and can't wait to dine again, what a treat!! Got to get the beef carpaccio, brand salad, hot rocks for apps and def. steak! The Mac n cheese is a must as well. Don't forget the add on lobster tail! Only 25$!! And it comes with a crab stuffing!
4	I went here while I was staying at the Monte Carlo the beginning of June. Loooooved it! Stopped by for a quick bite and caught the happy hour specials. Perfect service and friendly bartenders. Had the shrimp cocktail again and tried the Kobe sliders w/ fries....yummmm!!  Great happy hour specials!! Love that they have my favorite white wine too!
5	Awesome Food!
4	A bit pricey, but the Porterhouse for 2 was fantastic! We savored each bite as it melted in our mouth. This is definitely for special occasions only, but it's so worth it. Oh we loved the mac and cheese too. Greatest steak in Vegas!
4	My friends and I were staying at the Aria and wanted a great steak with good service while not getting gouged on price. Brand delivered. Low-light ambience with a view of the casino floor was just the right amount of activity while still being able to have a conversation. Tomahawk ribeye was delicious. We will return!
5	Been here twice. First time it was me and my gf, and we ordered the porterhouse for 2 with a side of Mac and cheese. All I can say was damn best steak I've ever had and my gf agreed. I have been to other high end steak houses like mastros, Morton's, and blt and they were easily beaten by brand. Keep in mind that this place according to the waitress only serves USDA choice meat compared to the superior USDA prime, but I guess there cooking style is superior. The next morning I ate the leftovers cold and damn it was still good I was eating off that bone like a dog 5/5 for my leftovers.2nd time me and my gf brought my bro and his gf. We got the 80oz for 4. And we were not disappointed. My bro also said one of the best steaks he's ever had. For me and my girl it's the best steak we've ever had, and we are going back in 2 weeks:)
5	This was a great place with a group of friends. We were in Vegas for my bachelor party and six of us ordered the 120 ounce steak to split. 120 ounces of tender steak- I can't begin to explain how surprisingly delicious it was.The cocktails, the sides, the wine, everything was great. Highly suggest a glass of the Prisoner, and if you're into cocktails with a bit of a kick- Heat of the moment was a mix of sweet with a bang. The side of mac and cheese is not to be missed as well.So if you're in Vegas with a group, check this place out in the Monte Carlo- great people watching and an insane amount of steak!
3	From the Light Group; creators of some of the most impressive mega clubs, ultra lounges, and restaurants in Vegas, Miami, and Dubai so yes, it's impressive, contemporary, and trendy.  Smoke and mirrors.Bottom line, you're paying for beautiful plates of "contemporary" cuisine unjustified by the quality of the ingredients.  In other words, want to impress a non foodie, this is your kind of place.To start, the "Hot Rocks" (Japanese style of cooking thin slices of beef on super heated stones), fun but it's USDA choice at best and a chewier sirloin cut.  Not much internal fat, marinated in an acidic ponzu, olive oil mix causes the protein to tighten up even further.   Fun and visually cool but misses the mark. The tuna tartare, much better.  Deconstructed at service, mix everything up to enjoy.  Everyday sushi grade tuna mixed with well toasted pine nuts, crisp Asian pair and some soy with a hint of horseradish on toast points.  Refreshing and texturally interesting.For mains, no mention is made on the quality or aging of the beef.  It appears to be USDA top choice, not prime.  Steaks are well trimmed.  Cooking temperatures off.  The tomahawk rib eye cooked mid well when ordered mid rare (twice) was OK.  Not as tender as it should be.  Good bitterness from the wood burring grill but lacking intense beef flavor of a well aged piece of beef.  The menu says 24oz but a lot of that weight is the bone.  Maybe 12oz of actual beef.  The bone in Brooklyn fillet is OK.  Cooked to temperature.  The bone, slightly cut away from the beef for looks fails to impart sufficient flavor as dry aged versions of the same cut.  Pet peeve:  they put a pat of COLD butter on top of the steak.  Am I supposed to rub it around in the beef drippings and make my own sauce?Correct sides.  No real standouts.Good happy hour where you can try scaled down versions of the starters for $9.Good wine list.  High Vegas resort pricing.Smoke and mirrors a bad thing?  Hey, you're in Vegas aren't you?
5	I had the New  York strip and hands down it was one of the best steaks I ever had. We were there with a party of 6 and the only downside to the meal was you have to buy all the sides separate which can add up big time. I purchased my steak and 3 sides for the table and a drink and after tip, (which they add on) my tab was $99.  I don't mind paying good money for a meal but come on can we at least get a side with our steak or some bread?
3	I still can't decide if I really liked this place or not. The restaurant is open to the casino (no walls whatsoever) so if you're planning a nice cozy dinner forget it. you'll see badly dressed tourists walking by ogling your meal. The drinks were good. They had a nice selection and the food I had was quite good as well. THe carpaccio was some of the best I have had ...anywhere.It blends with their bar area which is also open walled during the evening but 10:00 it turns into a "club" and they close off the walls with glass panels, crank up dance music, and charge outrageous drinks prices for drinks in plastic cups. as well as a cover charge. So the dance music bleeds over to the restaurant and so do the drunks. Luckily I had made nice with a bartender who let me drink in glassware but by then the crowd got so skeezy I just wanted to leave anyway. I'd go back for evening drinks, and appetizers in the bar, but I'd go to dinner elsewhere and wouldnt come back for the clubbing
5	Everything here was absolutely amazing.  The steak was juicy and flavorful.  The truffle pasta was perfect.  The calamari and shrimp were some of the best I have ever had.  For dessert we had Nutella filled donuts.  We were all completely happy with the food.  Service was great too!
5	The food here was amazing! I can honestly say that this was the best meal I've had from a restaurant, ever!We were here for a reception meal for a wedding; served Caesar salad, shrimp appetizer, filet mignon (my son had the chicken, also amazing), and a dessert (have no idea what it was but it was good).I don't come to Vegas frequently but would definitely recommend coming here!
4	Brand is an extremely high-quality steakhouse without the unreasonable wait-time or reservation availability. Anywhere else, you normally wouldn't eat at a restaurant that's located inside of a hotel. In Vegas, it's a different story. You SHOULD eat at ALL the restaurants inside ALL of the hotels :).We stumbled upon this place during a night out (of course) and decided to pop in before watching the Jabbawockeez. The bar was first-come-first-serve seating and it was completely open, so we sat down at a table for 4. We had the tomahawk ribeye (medium, without a doubt) and a couple of sides of vegetables. It was a perfectly cooked steak with great marbling and fantastic flavor. We came here during another Vegas trip and had the same steak and same experience! That definitely shows consistency of quality. We also tried the banana s'more dessert, which essentially is a banana stuffed with chocolate inside and marshmallows on top and roasted to perfection, then scooped out onto a piece of graham cracker just like a regular s'more, but infinitely better! Sorry for the run-on sentence, but the dessert was too good to be described in anything less than that. Too bad we couldn't pack the bone from the steak home for our dog as we normally do. From many seats in the restaurant, you'll have a complete view of the casino, which can be fun for people-watching. I noticed that a lot of tables ordered the ultimate steak for the whole table, which can be 40-120 oz. That's just like Thanksgiving in July. :) We would definitely like to return next time we are out there, but would also like to try all the other steakhouses in the area.
4	Love this place. Wednesday is there industry night for the lounge & it's just good times all night. Great crowd and friendly staff.
5	Brand's Anton's Tomahawk steak is one of the best steak I've ever had!!  My husband and I are both steak lovers.  We frequent Morton's, Ruth Chris, Lawry's, Providence, London, Melisse... and many other michelin starred restaurants for a piece of good meat. However, I must say Brand's Tomahawk steak is our fav!!  Every time when we visit Vegas, this is a must have. When we are here, we always order the Tomahawk steak, their Cesar salad, and their mac & cheese side. Those are the must haves. Their caesar salad is made the proper way and the taste is superb... Perfectly balanced caesar salad. In some places, the dressing tastes too creamy or has a sour note... But not in this place. Each lettuce is individually seasoned to perfection. I'll try to add a few pictures of these dishes with this review so you'd know what I'm talking about.  Their Mac & cheese is the best Mac & cheese I've ever had!!  My husband doesn't even like cheese but he can finish the Mac & cheese here by himself. The flavor is great and I love that they make the Mac & cheese with a crispy top.  It's delicious. The Tomahawk steak is juicy, tender, with just the right amount of fat. It comes with two sauces - a horseradish and a red wine sauce. These sauces complement the steak very well. They make eating the steak fun and interesting.  As I indicated, this is our favorite restaurant for my husband and I for steak. We occasionally ordered their French onion  soup which is not bad.  Their lobster bisque and colossal shrimps are only ok. Oh and don't forget to ask for their bread .... It's delicious and buttery but they don't give it to you if you don't ask for it. By far one of our favorite restaurant and date place
4	As per other Yelp reviews, my party tried the Hot Rocks appetizer.  Definitely fun to cook, although I think they could have used slightly better meat for the price.  A warning: if you're bad with chopsticks and manipulating meat on a hot rock, that might not be the best appetizer choice for you.I ordered the Tomahawk Ribeye (around 24 oz) with a number of sides.  The steak was cooked perfectly (medium rare) with just the right amount of fat, and very decent marbling.  The sauces they provided went very well with the steak.  I was a definite fan of the red wine sauce.The guy at the table next to me was adventurous enough to get the Tomahawk Ribeye with lobster.  That was an inordinate amount of food on the plate, but judging from the quality of the food I noticed so far at this restaurant, I may just order that and scarf it down the next time I'm in Vegas!
3	I came here for dinner and had ordered the wedge salad, tomahawk ribeye, and the sauteed wild mushrooms.  The wedge salad was pretty good.  I was sharing it, and they kindly split it before bringing it to the table.  The steak was cooked perfectly medium rare.  The two sauces that they served with it were both kind of one toned.  I felt like I needed something acidic.  The mushrooms were also good.I saw the table next to me order the hot rocks.  If you're not good with chipsticks, this is probably not the appetizer for you.  The stone is so hot and the slices of meat so thin that you basically only really need to put the meat on to take it off right away.
5	Came here on the 20th for my birthday dinner... One word AMAZING! We both ordered the tomahawk rib eye, it was cooked to perfection & to die for, beyond delicious!! We also ordered 3 sides, Mac n cheese...10 stars the best I ever had! Very very good! Excellent green beans! They had a yummy taste, diff then anything I ever had, & last the baked potato, which was also good! Excellent server, & drinks! We ordered the salami n cheese board for appetizer but you don't really need that because you get plenty of food. Make sure you ask for bread because it's available only on request! Excellent place. Would go back!!! :)
2	The service my party & I received today was TERRIBLE. It took FOREVER to get our drink orders and food orders taken. Our servers name was ALEX & she really made us feel like we were a HUGE inconvenience to her because 1 guest moved seats. Her exact words were "Sir, I'm gonna need you to move back to your original seat because you already ordered your food and you're going to make things complicated when we bring the food out." Ummm, hello?!?!? Ever heard of changing seat numbers and COMMUNICATING to the food runners/chef that the food will be going to a different seat. It's seriously a NON-ISSUE! I'm a food server myself and I would NEVER EVER let a customer know when they're making things "challenging" for me. She also got pissed off that most people in our party needed separate checks. Granted, there was about 20 of us so I definitely understand how annoying that was but we had all just came for a wedding and that's the last thing that the bride and groom need to spoil the night. She said "well, how do I know you all need separate checks unless you TELL me first?! I don't know who's all together!" RUDE!Lastly, my friend ordered the chicken breast and in the fine print, it said that you get mashed potatoes with it but he didn't read that part so he asked to get a side of the baked potato. So, he ended up with 2 full sides of potatoes. He asked why he got 2 & she informed him about the mashed potatoes. He said he had no idea and she shoulda explained why he wanted 2 full starches. She said "WELL, I JUST ASSUMED YOU WERE REALLY HUNGRY AND WANTED A LOT OF CARBS!" I've been here before a year ago and loved it but I doubt I'd ever come back. 2 of us spoke to the manager and he offered NOTHING to compensate us for our horrible treatment. Not even taking off the added gratuity. If you make a mistake, fix it so good that we forget there was ever a problem in the first place.
5	Went to the Monte Carlo casino for a night out and decided to celebrate at the Brand Steakhouse. We ordered the rib eye and it was to die for. One of the best steaks I've had ever. It was tender and juicy with the entire bone sticking out. I was chewing on the bone for more. Great choice for a great steak in Vegas
4	It was a bit empty when I got to Brand, so I was a little worried about how legit it is.  Coworker and I each decided to start with the French Onion Soup, and share the Penne Pasta and the NY Sirloin.When the Onion Soup came, it looked pretty glorious.  Super thick layer of cheese!  Whatever the 4 types of cheeses are, it tasted awesome.  Not much in terms of the "croutons" but I like it that way.  The soup itself is intensely rich, and they say they caramelize the onions for 24 hours and hell, I believe them.  The only thing was that it was very salty.  That might turn some people away, but it didn't bother me too much.The steak was a perfect medium rare to medium.  Very nice seasoned crust too.  I think the best part about the steak was the sauces that it came with.  Loved the red wine worcestershire sauce.  It's like the grown up version of your A1!  The peppercorn sauce has a nice touch too, but definitely went with the red wine worcestershire much more often.The Penne Pasta looked really simple but it is one of the better pasta dishes I've had in Vegas.  Came  prosciutto, peas, and truffle sprinkles in a rich parmesan cream sauce.  Not much in terms of quantity for the truffle, but just the sprinkles are enough.  Pasta's also cooked to a perfect al dente!Service-wise, our main server was great.  However, the other wait-staff looked like they are PO all the time haha.  Generally in Vegas, especially on the south end of the strip, I'd go to Gallagher's but now, Brand is a strong consideration for next time!
4	Service was excellent and the food was phenomenal. We shared a 120oz porterhouse between 6 people... It was amazing. We actually had trouble finishing it! I would definitely come back.
5	Took a break from Pizza last weekend while in Vegas.  Someone made reservations at Brand.  Everyone's food was top-notch.  The Mac & Cheese was very good...as was the French Onion Soup.  Several people had steak and loved it.  Several had the Sea Bass, which was exceptional (I sampled).  I had the Salmon, just to be different.  Here's the thing, I'm not usually a huge Salmon eater.  It's okay.....and it's healthy, but I don't crave it.   However, Brand served up a Salmon with assorted greens on top with a sauce that was unbelievably good.  Not only was it the best Salmon I've ever had; it was the best fish I've ever had (and salmon isn't even normally a fish I like that much).   SO good.  Service was good.  Ambiance was good (modern / hip steakhouse....not a dark "old school" place)Lots of steak house options in Vegas (and I've been to many,, eg, Strip Steak, Hugo's, Gallagher's, SW at Wynn, The Palm, etc.).....but Brand really is quite good.
5	Amazingly tasty steaks! (I recommend medium rare to ensure maximum tastiness)  Very nice appetizers (the shrimp cocktail is huuuuuuge) and drinks as well.
5	I can count the number of times I paid less than $100 for a nice steak dinner on the Strip...yeah, one. This is the first one actually. A group of us went here on a Wednesday night since they were offering 20% off on dinner for locals. We got there earlier than the rest of the group so, we decided to have a few drinks at the bar which was offering 50% off bottles + the 20% locals discount.  We ended up with a bottle of Veuve Clicquot for only $35! Oh my word!I was debating whether to split a Tomahawk or the 40oz Ultimate Steak with somebody. In the end, I'm glad I listened to his decision - if the 24oz Tomahawk was hard to finish, what more the 40oz steak? The price can't be beat at $51 for a 24oz steak. The quality and flavor of the steak were not compromised though. We also got a lobster tail, garlic mashed potatoes and cream spinach.Anton's Tomahawk Rib Eye:24oz rib eye cooked medium just the way we like it. It was tender, juicy and flavorful. Careful with the huge bone though. Regular price: $51. 5/5Maine Lobster Tail:For an additional $25, you get a nice lobster tail with crushed Ritz crackers. The lobster tail is already split and sliced. 4/5Cream Spinach:The Boursin cheese makes a world of difference. This is not your boring cream spinach. Super creamy and delicious. 5/5At the end of the night, we spent about $140 for steak, a bottle of champagne, 2 sides and a lobster tail. I was so full and completely satisfied. Definitely cheap for what we got. GREAT VALUE!  They also have a 3-course prix fixe menu for $39 and happy hour from 5-8pm.
3	Had a fun third meal here because of great company and conversation. The 10 of us enjoyed the locals' discount (20%) and half-off bottles of wine which reduces the 300-350% wine menu markup to a more local-friendly 70% :)Had six Beausoleil oysters ($4 each), albeit on the smaller side (RM Seafood attracts larger specimens). I had a Ritz-cracker-crab-stuffed Lobster Tail ($25) add-on to my steak entree which I definitely wouldn't order again. It was a small tail, from a 1lb-ish lobster, and I found the stuffing too sweet, too pasty, and lacking any visible crab. The tail is one of those $5 tails you see at the fishmarket, so it isn't a screaming value. The creamed Spinach is still tasty as usual.Be warned that the 24oz. Tomahawk bone-in Ribeye is easily 12oz. of bone. The bone was enormous, almost a foot-and-a-half long. If you're planning on sharing this steak, it's not a ton of steak. On top of this, some the fat weight on the Ribeye cooks off so you end up with maybe 10-11oz. of actual meat. From a distance it makes for a great Instagram, but if you're looking to eat like Fred Flintstone, pick a different steak. (maybe the Brooklyn Filet instead?)We asked for a few separate checks, and I can understand an included gratuity on parties of 6 or more (we were 10). But service was on the lame side - almost European-like. We had one server in charge of our table the entire meal, and she would disappear for 7-8 minutes at a time which was odd because the restaurant was really empty that Wednesday night. In example, only one tray of steak sauces was left in our vicinity (good for one or two persons max) and short of actually getting up to ask the manager, I was left no option to ask for additional sauces (worcestershire & ketchup, yeah that's how I roll) before my Ribeye would've gotten cold. When the checks come, everyone is hit with a 20% included gratuity. Which is kind of a mind-fuck because that is the same amount as the locals' discount. Ha!It's a nice environs - might good for a business dinner / expense account kind of thing. Rather low on the value scale. Service was far from spectacular. The people we were with made it fun, but shit - this ain't summercamp. We just spent $1000+ up in here!
5	Great atmosphere, great food, and great prices...but on Wednesdays, it's a RIDICULOUS deal!!Wednesdays are 50% wine bottles....and if you are local, you get 20% your entire bottom line...INCLUDING your already 50% discounted wine!!Ex : Veuve Cliquot ($85). My favorite champagne under $50 (in stores)....On Wednesdays, bottles are half price, and with local's discount, it's an extra 20% off the bottom line, so it only costs around $35!! GREAT deal...since you can't even go to Total Wine for that price most days!Started off with the Complimentary bread...we had to request it for some reason. It is sweet and slightly sticky...good stuff!I shared the 24oz Tomahawk Ribeye ($51) and Maine Lobster Tail stuffed with Ritz Crackers ($25). This is THE best non-aged Ribeye I've had so far, and the price was CHEAP! After the 20% off for locals, it's a $40 steak!! The lobster was very TENDER and flavorful, and the Ritz Cracker stuffing in the tail was delicious!  One of the most enjoyable tails I've had in town, and for a $20 bill after the discounts :PFor sides, the Cream Spinach ($9) with Boursin Cheese. I love Boursin Cheese, so this was an easy win for me!!  The Mashed Potatoes ($9) with Roasted Garlic as well...good amount of garlic flavor...tasty!  They didn't blow me away, but they are solid choices.So even at face value, this is a great steakhouse on the strip.  Are there better ones in town?  Absolutely, but considering their very fair prices, AND THEN the Wine Wednesday and Locals discounts, it's a STEAL of a deal!Check out the pics :
5	Still my favorite steakhouse in the city ! The filet melts in your mouth and the maine lobster must have just came out of the Portland harbor
5	Pure perfection!  We had a group of 20 eat here for a family reunion and everything was perfect.  The seating as great, we had two kids with us who were treated well.  The restaurant put together a prix fixe dinner for us that as outstanding.  We had two vegan diners with us and the chefs prepared special dishes for them.  Everyone's steaks were prepared perfectly.  The sides dinners and wine choices were great.  And the creme brulee was amazing.  Thanks for a great meal and excellent service.
2	Below average for a steakhouse in Las Vegas.  Popcorn shrimp was fine.  The sirloin sears on a hot stone was ok.  That fad is gone.  The wedge salad was decent, nothing special.  I had their "signature" tomahawk bone on ribeye.  Pretty average.  I think it was choice, not prime. The steak was pretty rough.  I did not pick this place.  Disappointing.  The server actually forgot ask for my drink order.  No more future visits.
5	yummmmmmm!!! Mac and cheese to die for!!! broccolini..... mashed potatoes..., amazing!!!! goat cheese crusted filet mignon.... one of the best I have EVER had!!!!! never mind the stuffed lobster tail!! best place we have encountered on our trip in Vegas!!
2	I came here for an early dinner by myself monday on a work trip.  I always find it telling when the hostess won't seat you at a table despite the place being empty.  I was fine sitting in the bar area but had to ask for a menu etc.  The service wasn't great and the food was average.  They do have really good complimentary bread that you have to request as it's never offered.  The Mac n cheese is a delicious side and the sirloin was pretty average.  The menu looks like there is a decent happy hour with some salivating apps listed at $9 vs the regular prices of 15-20.  I also thought it was strange that the waitress asked for my name and id, not the room number that I wanted to charge the meal to.  I felt uncomfortable with the service and hence 2 stars- 1 for service, 3.5 for food, and pretty average on overall feel and atmosphere for a nice steakhouse on the strip.  I'd recommended going elsewhere.
5	Easily the best prime rib I've ever had! My girlfriends filet was also well prepared and delicious. The service was great and it was all around a great experience. I'll definitely be coming back for the prime rib. We ordered the baked mac & cheese as well as the garlic mashed potatoes...all good. We even managed to win $70 at the craps table.
5	Talk about classy and fancy ;) this place was so nice. It was a friends birthday. Iwas chill and the music was great. Chatted with the gm who's name is John. He was down to earth funny and super friendly. If your looking for a nice steakhouse and a chill evening where you can talk with friends this is the place.
4	Eight years living in Las Vegas and never been there... until tonight...absolutely great food.. excellent.... very good service... Our waiter Brian is one of the most courteous, polite, helpful waiter I have seen in YEARS..... I will be back , no doubt about it. I'm sick and tired of spending my money at places supposedly top notch whose staff think they are making you a favor and whose food is mediocre... This place is great....
4	Stopped in at the bar with friends for Happy Hour drinks on a Friday night. Not too busy, with very friendly waitstaff & bartenders. Had a pear martini - excellent. The Hot rock steak appetizer hit the spot, but wished it wouldda been a little bigger. A decent value for HH. I'll try a full meal (steak) next time...
5	Went to Brand for their Thanksgiving dinner menu.  Had been there on a couple of occasions for their regular menu.  Again, was not disappointed.  Great service and the turkey and sides  were excellent.  Consider their regular menu as well as I recall their steaks were great.
5	Vegas is over-priced for it's artificial fanciness and being from LA, I'm done with the gimmicky steak places.  But WOWers place was unexpectedly great!  We got what everybody gets, the tomahawk ribeye (med rare) with lobster tail (ritz mush was grainy but I don't think you're suppose to really eat it eat it), Caesar salad and mac and cheese.  There was barely any room thanks to their large plates, but everything was delicious!  I would definitely come here again next time.  Nice dinner without a huge financial burden.The only odd thing was I asked for tobasco and they gave me those tiny hotel/airplane bottles in a dish.  None of them were wrapped/sealed and had various levels.  I really think there is someone in the back knee deep in tiny empty tobasco bottles refilling them with a huge $1.99 tobasco bottle.  They must have a really small funnel and the patience of a leprechaun.  Classy!
3	I stayed at the Monte Carlo . So i decided to keep it convenient and eat at this place.The place is nice and cozy for a nice steak dinner. The waitress was nice. I  ordered a beer they didn't give me a cold glass. I noticed another table with bread. I asked the waitress why didn't they bring out bread. Answer was we aren't allowed to bring out bread unless you ask for it. Who goes to a steak house with out eating house bread!!!The more expensive steak was dry. Your better off getting the other steak the advertise from 5pm to 6pm. If you order steak it doesn't come with sides you have to order it separate. I told the manager my concern. Might sound dumb to complain about the bread. But at-least offer the bread. He said he would express his concern to the chef. He was to busy looking at the people passing by. He should no concern for my opinion.As a fancy steak house that's bad for the hotel!!! Thank you Michael i hope you told the executive chef my opinion!!!i give you a 3 stars ..... People if you eat here ask for bread and look out for the dinner special from 5pm to 6pm....
2	I must admit, I was VERY excited to try this restaurant after reading all of the great reviews and seeing the pictures of the food.  When we arrived, we were early, so the hostess suggested that we sit at the bar until our table was ready.  We sat in the lounge area and ordered drinks.  Shortly after, our table was ready, so we asked the hostess to tell the bartender/server that we had been shown to our table and to please bring the drinks when they were ready.  After being shown to our table, we waited for about 15 minutes before the bartender brought our drinks and said she had been looking for us since she had no idea where we had gone.  Turns out, the hostess never passed our message along.  Very poor communication in a restaurant that should pride itself on great food AND service.  Moving on, it took some time for our waiter to finally address us, but when he did, he was very nice.  I had already decided that I was going to get their Seabass, and my mom was going to order the Filet Mignon.  When we go to order, our waiter informs us that they're out of BOTH of our selections.  Wait, so this is a steakhouse, and you're out of the Filet Mignon at 8pm????  And the Seabass???  Very very disappointing, but what can we do at this point?  So, we order and ask for some of their bread, which looked so delicious from the pictures that other Yelpers had posted.  He brings us out two orders because, guess what, they're about to run out and he wants to make sure we have enough.  Very sweet and thoughtful gesture, but you're going to run out of BREAD?  What is going on here?  My mom and husband shared the 40 oz. Ultimate Steak, which I thought was a good value.  But, the steak wasn't very impressive.  I got the Salmon, and didn't even finish half because it was just....eh.  And, the waiter had no idea how I felt about the meal because he didn't check on us.  The favorite part of the meal were the sides of the Mashed Potatoes (YUM!), Macaroni & Cheese, and our drinks, which were very creative and tasty.  Service was just okay...it took a while to have plates cleared and we were never checked on, despite the fact that there were multiple managers walking around who passed our table plenty of times.  I understand that running out of food wasn't our waiters fault, but then he didn't even offer a complimentary dessert or anything, which again, just seemed a bit odd for a nice restaurant.  Having been so excited to dine here, I was very disappointed when we left.  My family always lets me pick restaurants because I love yelping and reading other reviews, but this time, I was completely let down.  Maybe it was an off night, but unfortunately, I'll never return (and, we go to Vegas quite often...actually going in 5 more days).
4	Love this place!! It's a real hidden gem at the Monte Carlo. I come here for alot special occasions. It's a must try.
5	It has been a month since I've eaten here and my time here was quite memorable. The food I had a chance to consume the Saturday evening I was here was succulent and amazing; the thought of this dinner is making froth at the edges of my mouth (I know, sexy imagery right?)I was quite pleased with the service from the hostess, the busser, the expo and the server. My SO wanted a malbec wine and the server brought us one that wasn't on the menu and it was superb. Props to her wine knowledge and/or luck in providing a malbec that complimented our meals and satisfied our taste buds. The Chillean Sea Bass was amazing as well as my SO's NY sirloin and Maine lobster tail. The flavors of each dish was superb! The sirloin was not too fatty and the quality was fantastic. The cream sauce that was drizzled on the lobster was like the icing on the cake--soo good. We dropped 400-500 dollars on this meal for 6 people. I thought it was reasonable for the quality of the dishes and the service we received here. Can't wait to come back!!! :)
5	Great Vibe, Great Bartenders, Great Food,,, what else can be said,,, highly recommend!
5	Absolutely LOVE the Tomahawk Porkchop!!! Sooo good! Try it with the Creamed Corn or the Mac and Cheese! Sit with Gustavo at the bar or Ashley and Jessica in the lounge! All 3 are awesome!
2	I came after the first day of a work trip with a coworker. The service was great, all the food was delicious, but both of us ended up sick for the next two days. I wanted to go back for the food but getting that sick it just isn't worth it. :(
5	From the moment you walk in the vibe in the room is excellent. The bartenders and staff are completely knowledgeable and quite helpful. Cocktails are perfection the food spot on. The Rock Shrimp is an amazing start  the brand salad has the perfect flavor the Brooklyn filet is one of the best steaks I've ever tasted the most difficult part was choosing the right side dish so I chose 3 the mac and cheese creamed spinach and the cream corn. The flavors were wonderful.  And for dessert they have all the classics from creme brulee to key lime pie to bread pudding but I decided on the Munchkin donut holes made fresh. Absolute perfect ending to a perfect meal!
5	One of the best steakhouses I have been to! Must have the rock shrimp and hot rocks for apps!! Perfect for the table to share.. My ribeye was cooked perfect and the sea bass was a big hit..Mac n chz and mushrooms are must tries.. The service from beginning to end was spot on.. My server Jessica was super nice and her suggestions made our experience one to remember... We will be back!!
5	DREAM DINNER!!!! Apps:Hot rocks, calamari, onion soup, entree: bone in filet with a ritz cracker crab stuffed lobster tail sides: Mac n cheese, creamed spinach and smoked wild mushrooms. I eat here more times then I can remember and every single time I am amazed on how delicious the food is, and how amazing the the staff and managers are. Monte Carlo sometimes has a rep for a certain crowd that doesn't appreciate good food, that's why I listen and read reviews by people who actually eat!! And I do eat .. A lot!!!! I've tried many steak houses and by far BRAND is the best!!! Trust me you will not be disappointed!
5	Absolutely amazing.  Shared the ultimate steak, which is a porterhouse cut, with some friends also the super creamy  n cheese and the velvety creamed spinach.  The steak was cooked perfectly.  Service was on point as well.  There are a lot of steakhouses in town but this one never disappoints.
5	Had an amazing meal at the bar with our very friendly bartender Gustavo. Enjoyed a couple of Brand's specialty cocktails including a cucumber cocktail made with fresh cucumber juice! Gustavo was very informative and knowledgable about the menu and guided me towards their tomahawk ribeye as an entree: 28 day dry aged beef, 24oz with an 8" Fred Flinstone style bone protruding. Baked mac and cheese was amazing too. This is my favourite steakhouse on the strip!
5	Las Vegas has several steakhouses and as a local definitely have my favorites. I was reluctant to try something different but after reading the reviews and convinced by some visiting friends, I figured I would give it a shot. I must say from the ambiance to the service and finally food, everything as above any expectation. Specifics...the Tomahawk and the Ultimate steak were amazing! Can't remember the server, but he had a short beard and I think he mentioned being from NY...ask for him! Great service and funny!
5	I have been going to Brand off and on all football season long... I never have had a bad experience.  The bartender's Gustavo and Jon always take excellent care of me and anyone that I am with.  The food is awesome and with happy hour specials during the games I have been in heaven.  All of the food is amazing!  I have tried almost everything on the menu and have yet to find something that isn't fantastic.  A+++
4	Awesome service and tasty food. Our very knowledgable and friendly bartender Gustavo made all the right recommendations. Tomahawk Ribeye: great. Creamed spinach: fresh and creamy but not too rich.Mushrooms: super meaty. I'll definitely be back.
4	The Monte Carlo may be a bit ragged on the edges compared to some other nearby hotels, but it has one thing going for it, and that's Brand. We were roped in by the ad for cheap appetizers, but they're available only in the lounge. We were seated in the restaurant and realized we would be paying quite a bit with entres between $25 to over $75/pp. Okay fine, we'll bite. Why not go all out and share the signature steak for two? I don't regularly eat steak, though I had recently been persuaded to do so at another LV restaurant, the Barrymore. The Barrymore really talked up their delmonico-cut steak, but the Brand signature hunk of meat was definitely better. It was efficiently pre-cut in delicate slices and cooked to juicy pink perfection. It came with two dipping sauces in small sharing portions, a balsamic reduction and creamy balsamic peppercorn. Both were delicious, and paired with broccolini, I appreciated the obvious precision and effort from the chef and kitchen. There was no up-selling or kitschy decor to attract customers; this place simply knows how to make delicious steaks.They also know how to make a well-balanced tasting dirty martini. Not too strong and not too salty. Classic. Professional. Delicious. (But beware it apparently gets clubby and bouncy later in the evening.)
5	I tend to stick with a great thing...When I'm in Vegas, I'm usually staying at Monte Carlo.  When I stay at Monte Carlo, I ALWAYS eat at Brand Steakhouse...usually, every night that I'm there.  There are enough appetizers and entrees on the menu that you don't get bored, and don't fall in a rut.  I love the atmosphere...I love the friendly staff, and the way I am always greeted...and as a "regular" (though I live in Ohio), I feel like I'm "family" when I show up for dinner.First, the food...a good descriptive word here is "terrific."  My favorite appetizers are the rock shrimp and the oysters.  I've also had the shrimp cocktail and the hot rocks.  I generally like the Caesar Salad and the Big Wedge salad.  As for entrees, I've tried the crispy skin chicken, the prime rib, the New York sirloin, the filet mignon, the Brooklyn filet, and the Tomahawk rib eye.  I often add jumbo shrimp to my steak order, and I love the peppercorn sauce.  As for sides, mushrooms and creamed spinach are my favorites.  Last October (2013), I ate at the restaurant all four nights I was in town, and just this past week (January 9-14, 2014), I ate at Brand two nights, back-to-back.  I am never disappointed with a meal.Second, the service...for me, it's nice to be welcomed by name...by the greeters, by the servers, and even by the managers.  Like I said, I stick with a great thing...and along those lines, I highly recommend KRISTI as one of Brand's BEST servers.  She is very friendly, very professional, and extremely efficient.  On numerous occasions, I've seen her "balance" several small tables and a large party at the same time...all with a smile on her face, and never looking frazzled.  She never "pushes" any particular menu item...she makes sure that she mentions the evening's specials...and she even mentions the $39 prix fixe, if it is still in that time frame.  I always enjoy sitting in her section.  I observe her interactions with her co-workers and other customers, and I believe she truly enjoys her job.Whenever I'm in Las Vegas, I make at least one trip to Brand...and more often than not, two or three.  Sure, the menu can get pricey, but the food, the service (ask for Kristi), and the friendly atmosphere are MORE THAN WORTH IT."SIX" stars...
5	Amazing steak, great cocktails, plus very efficient and friendly service. We'll definitely be coming back!
4	Great place in a not so great hotel. They have a great choices on cuts of beef and sides. I took my kids here ordered the hot rocks, tuna tartar and oysters for appetizers. For the main we shared the monster size ultimate steak 120 oz, they cut it in pieces for easy picking and all the trimmings, literally we couldn't decide so we got all of them. Lol.Atmosphere is lounge style, service was great, food was great and definitely got what we paid for. I would come back for sure.
5	Brand is simply a fabulous steak house. We had the wedge salad very delicious.  The Flat Iron steak was cooked to perfection and very savory. The Penne pasta was outstanding. The Donut Holes for desert was scrumptious. We will definately return again.
5	Have to try this gem in the middle of Monte Carlo! From cocktails to apps to main course, all amazing. Last time I went I had the hot rocks and lobster bisque which both are a must. Hot rocks are an experience in it self, not to mention very tasty. Time before my lady and I shared the 40 oz steak for two. It was cooked perfectly topped with a roasted garlic clove and a side of smoked mash. And try both of their signature steak sauces, delicious! If you haven't been to Brand steakhouse, make sure it's on your to do list next time in Vegas.
5	What a great experience.  I have had a better tasting steak.  But not many.  The Shear size of this thing is worth the trip.  Enjoy!
2	We had the best steak and Mac and cheese here.  The tomato soup is awesome.  However, the salmon was way too salty.  It was so salty that it ruined a good piece of good fish.  We should have taken it back, but we were too tired that we wanted to go back to our room.  The broccolini was plain and the mash potato was just ok.
4	Affordable steakhouse for 4+ groups. Their porterhouse had amazing flavors and I loved the garlic clove.
5	During my last visit to Las Vegas, we kept looking around and calling random restaurants to schedule a last minute reservation for dinner. Unfortunately most were not available but we decided to give Brand Steakhouse a chance for various reasons. One reason was because we were staying at Monte Carlo so this place was pretty convenient, second reason was because every time we walked by it, our mouths would water from the amazing smell, and final reason because of all the amazing yelp reviews. First things first, we had made reservations and were welcomed by the friendly host when we arrived a few minutes before our scheduled time. Our table was ready by so without wasting any time, we were seated right away. Our waiter introduced himself and thoroughly reviewed the highlights on the menu and also gave us recommendations. He was very friendly, helpful, patient and for sure a wonderful waiter to have. Food:We decided to go a bit crazy and order the ultimate steak for 2 and the 40ozRitz-cracker-crab-stuffed Lobster Tail. OMG honestly THE best lobster tail I've had. The stuffing was truly savory and the best stuffing I've had ever. Cmon! Ritz with crab .... in a lobster tail?!?!? wahhh So Good. The lobster was huge, fresh, sweet and perfect. It made my taste buds dance a very happy dance. The steak wasn't too bad either. It was cooked to perfection, juicy, tender and tasty. This place for sure knows how to cook one hellva steak to make any mouth water and savor it. The whole meal was more than enough for two very hungry people. Sides: baked mac and cheese- creamy, nice crust on top, steaming hot and so cheesy and the cream spinach. Cream spinach was good but nothing spectacular yet it was gone by the time we finished our meal. All in all, Brand had a spectacular ambiance, great place to catch up with friends, family or even for a date. Great customer service and delicious, flavorful food to keep you happy for any Las Vegas visit. Would love to come back and try out their hot rock items.
5	Like many of the high end casino restaurants, Brand is pricey but very good.  In my opinion, the Monte Carlo isn't the nicest of casinos and, to be honest, I had low expectations going to Brand especially after perusing the menu and prices beforehand.  I thought we were surely in for another overpriced Vegas meal.  We went to Brand because we had tickets to see Blue Man Group.  But, my wife and I were pleasantly surprised with the quality of the steak.  We also shared mushrooms and broccolini which were both tasty and not overcooked.  The wine was ok and the port was good as well.  But, the mark of a good steakhouse is the steak and the filet medium rare was melt-in-your-mouth good and deserving of 5 stars.  The service was professional, attentive, and courteous.
5	Wow, where do I begin! The food- absolutely to die for! I ordered a NY Sirloin that melted in my mouth.  I got a side of mashed potatoes and a side of smoked mushrooms that couldn't have tasted better.  The heirloom salad- the tomatoes were so juicy and fresh.  Ordered a bottle of red 2011 from Napa Valley, just fabulous and went so well with our meal.  My friend ordered the pasta dish and said it was delicious.  Ambiance was very nice, relaxing.  The waiter was on top of things, food was brought to us in a timely manner and he was very friendly and funny! GREAT place!
4	The food here was amazing. I got the 24 oz Tomahawk rib eye with creamed corn,macaroni, garlic mash. The food was good and the other follow diners seemed to enjoy the experience and comfortability of this steakhouse as wellCon- sometimes it seemed to take an extra minute or two for our server but other wise she did a great job.
4	Reservation for bachelor party for 9 at 7:30PM on a Saturday, prompt seating, attractive host.  Sat at a long rectangular table with battery powered candles, and very dim lighting.  Didn't appear too crowded.We were served dinner rolls that came in small cast iron pots.  Rolls had the texture of Kings Hawaiian Rolls only they were baked fresh and not as sweet as a Hawaiian Roll. They were served with whipped butter and the rolls were refilled at least once.Drinks were typically priced per a $$$ restaurant charging around $10 for most drinks including Stella which appeared to be the only beer from the tap.  Stella was served in a stella glass.Ice water was refilled constantly which was great for a group of guys suffering dehydration.  During rehydration, by the time the water was refilled for the last guy, the busser would have to refill the glass from the first guy.If you plan to share an ultimate steak, do yourself a favor and figure out the price per ounce for the steak for each option.  There's actually a fairly big price jump from a steak that serves four people to a steak that serves six people and I wasn't quite sure why.  So we decided to just go with our own selections.Our table ordered three Tomahawk Steaks 24oz, 2 chilean seabass, 3 prime ribs, and a filet.  My Tomahawk 24oz was medium rare, and came out perfect.  Crisp char on the outside, warm red center.  Couldn't tell if it was purple on the inside due to the dim lighting, but it was perfectly salted, marbled, and bursting with flavor and I devoured it all including some gnawing on the bone.  The 24oz tomahawk steak had a slice of baslamic butter on the top that slowly melted.  The plate wasn't very hot, but it wasn't cold.  Sometimes I don't think the steak needs a 500 degree plate so this wasn't a bad thing.  I tried the prime rib from a friend's plate, however I had four slices of prime rib at the Mandalay Bay Buffet the night before with Au Jus and there isn't a whole lot of room for improvement on a decent buffe prime rib so I stand by my choice to order the Tomahawk Ribeye and have no regrets. The condiments were supposed to serve two people according to our waitress, but I think they should be considered just 1 serving (except for the mashed potatoes) because the brocolini's, and the mac/cheese, corn, etc was quite small.  The green beans were on par with hometown buffet, and the mashed potatoes were a little sticky and gooey that they were as good as the mashed potatoes at the Exalibur buffet.  At least the broccoli wasn't overcooked and didn't taste like tap water.  These were, afterall side dishes but the price tag and very small portions left me a bit dissapointed because I feel there is room for improvement.For dessert I ordered the bread pudding and my friend ordered the chocolate cake.  The cake was not all that impressive and even the plating composition needed some help with the layout of chocolates, a cupcake, and some syrup.  My friend said it wasn't special and I agreed that it tasted like microwaved lavacake from a grocery store.  The bread pudding was above average, the sugar glaze was over the top sweet, and the portion was very generous for $10.  The bread pudding I would consider to serve 2 people because it comes in its own cast iron pot that was about 3 inches deep, and maybe 6 inches wide with a side of glaze.  I didn't even have the urge to try the cheese cake due to the lack of excitement we all had for the desserts, and we ended up leaving some chocolate cake, bread pudding, and cheese cake behind on the table.  BTW, this place serves expresso if you need to a pick me up.Brand made my steak perfect, the rolls were great, service was top notch, but the side dishes and dessert need a little help.  Luckily the steak was good enough for me to come back someday.
4	4.75/5 for Brand Steakhouse. To outline the experience, i will say the following:Service: 5/5, if it wasnt impossible to obtain more than 100% I would gladly give it. My server was SPOT on, and I have a great history serving tables. He clearly understands the value of, "Silent Service". Attentive when needed, non intrusive and very helpful. My advise, ask for Robert (gentleman with salt and pepper hair), his demeanor and attitude were a delight.Appetizer: 5/5: The calamari was AMAZING. Crisp, light, not over or undercooked, with a delicious dipping sauce. PERFECT!Management: a truly nice addition, i had just finished my appetizer and the manager took my plate and ensured i enjoyed it. Great attitude.Dinner: 4.75/5: i had the 8oz. Filet (mid-rare) and perfectly cooked, accompanied by the mac n' cheese. First off the steak was MAGNIFIQUE! However, 2 things...A. The mac n' cheese needs some help, slightly bland, and in need of more seasoning. Sorry Brand, but for my money, the mac 'n cheese at Galagher's in NYNY is superior. B. Albeit a small grievance, regarding the two sauces (which were DELICIOUS, by the way), perhaps a better method of delivery is in need. They come in 2 small creamer pourers, which can make for keeping them separate on your plate a small challenge. Perhaps two small accompanying saucers (as recieved for soy sauce with sushi).Aside from that, dinner was excellent. I left filled and delighted i stopped in. I will definetly bring back friends and co-workers for a nice dinner.Excellent work Brand!
4	good selection of food especially during happy hour. I liked the rock meat as well, it was a good cut of meat that was seasoned well. the gimmick is cute too. good drinks at reasonable prices.
2	Good steak.  I just wasn't overly impressed, I can cook a steak just as well and it was too expensive.  Typical tourist strip joint.
5	No kidding, probably in the top 3 meals of my 30 year existence on this planet!We started with pear martini's and hot rocks (myvegas reward made the hot rocks free). Hot rocks were fun and delish! Then it was salads, my friend wouldn't stop raving about his caesar salad and my wedge was TO DIE FOR! We went all out and got the 40oz porterhouse for 2 and surfed it with a lobster tail for two. Got mashed potatos and mac and cheese. WOW is all I can say, everything was on point and 10/10. Who'd of thought that such a phenomenal place would be inside the Monte Carlo?!?!? Not me!Take the chance, you'll love this place. PROMISE!
4	This place was great, and I thought the steak and sides were amazing. We got the tomahawk steak and it was MASSIVE. It was also cooked to perfection, the bread was also to die for. You also can't be mad that we got $100 for free from myvegas to spend there as well. Thank you Brand and myvegas!
4	I was walking around with friends trying to figure out where to get a decent steak that wasn't overpriced. Trusty Yelp had a recent review on Brand that sounded promising. We trusted our fellow traveling reviewer and gave it a try. Though our local expert said he had a questionable experience when it first opened, our surf & turf adventure was a hit. Great lobster and decent steak. It says it serves two but three grown men split the dish plus an extra side. You can't complain about the quality and the effort. Since I'm a sucker for dairy & gluten, we tried the mac-n-cheese. Winner. Great texture and flavor. Creamed spinach wasn't bad and the prices were not insulting. Service was a level above the usual Vegas offerings. Take advantage of reserving tables online thru the app.
5	Located in the middle of Monte Carlo Casino, Brand is easy enough to find :)  Although this is a typical upscale steak house it has Vegas style open seating meaning you can sit along a half wall and watch people go or have people watch you eat as they walk by, not my preference.  Fortunately there are more secluded booths farther back in the restaurant.Decorated in dark wood with dim lighting Brand certainly looks the part of "steakhouse" There is a full service bar and lounge area as well which showcases half priced apps and reduced drinks for Happy Hour.We ordered the Prime Rib and added a lobster tail.  The normal cut 12 ounces was $35 and the lobster tail was an additional $25.  I ordered the large cut which was 16 ounces and cost $39.00.  The prime was tender, juicy, cooked perfectly, seasoned well and just darn Yummy.  Au Jus and creamy horseradish came along with the prime.  The lobster tail was about 6-8 ounces and also steamed perfectly.  Accompanied by melted butter, there was a hidden surprise inside the lobster tail shell was a cornbread type stuffing flavored with lobster bits.  The stuffing was scrumdelicious and made for a perfect bite paired with the sweet lobster.Sides averaged $9-12 each and they had a special of 3 for $25. We tried the loaded potato, mushrooms and green beans.  The potato and mushrooms were good, but the green beans were way to "Al Dente" for us, our server swapped the beans out for creamed spinach.All the sides were good and the mushrooms in particular were very good :)Although we didn't have room for desert, we did look at the menu and prices are only $10 per desert so don't worry about desert breaking the bank if you have room to order some.Service was prompt and friendly without the "attitude" you sometimes receive in more expensive eateries.  I highly recommend trying Brand if you are looking for a good steakhouse in Vegas.  Brand has quality food and service and very reasonable prices to boot!
5	Love this place! Dined here for the second time on Saturday and it was awesome! The prix fixe meal for $39 is an awesome deal! The hot rocks app is fun and delish - and a generous portion! The mini donuts for dessert were super yummy! Also, very good wine by the glass list ! Will definitely be back on my next trip to Vegas!
5	What a wonderful surprise!! Everything was perfect!! You can really tell that the kitchen has an amazing chef who is picky and only serves quality foods! To top it off our waitress Alex was AMAZING! She really made our experience top notch!
5	My husband and I went to Las Vegas to celebrate one of my past birthdays. For my birthday dinner, we made a reservation here.Brand Steakhouse is located within the Monte Carlo hotel and on the same floor as the casino. I know what  you're thinking.. a restaurant surrounded by the casino?The restaurant itself is 5,000 sq ft with a nice sleek and modern design. The chairs are so comfy! The restaurant setting is elegant and perfect setting for a nice dinner.We ordered:Classic Caesar Salad ($14)8 oz Filet Mignon ($44)24 oz Anton's Tomahawk Rib Eye ($53)The bread they give you is so amazing. Delish!Desserts are $10 and they offer things like chocolate cake, key lime pie, toffee bread pudding, creme burlee, Doughnut "Munchkin" holes.I highly enjoyed my dinner here and would definitely return if we're in Vegas again.87/100 Reviews for 2014
2	Not quite sure where all the superlatives begin with pace either someone is writing them for this place or they have had much better experiences than I did.   10 of us tonight on Friday and we are seated promptly in a Back Annex Room which is actually quite nice but a little tight for 10 people.  When we inquired about the other room with more space we were told its reserved.  Note we took over 2 hours to dine and when we departed that room was NOT IN USE.  Anyway very nice modern decor kinda of novue steakhouse that is a little unusual and interesting. Review the menu and we are presented with your standard fare of mix of steaks and chops / appetizers salads etc.  Wine list is extremely overpriced but its a steakhouse in casino and we roll with it.  Couple drinks ordered bottles of wine in route we are off to the races. Bread... not served until asked and told it is upon request... WTH?  50.00 average per steak and bead is by request?  Hot fresh rolls with topped butter are good but not the reviews "To die for" Appetizers:Couple of wedge salads were cold fresh and good though they needed more dressing and it was promptly delivered. Several shrimp cocktail are great looking but to be honest MUSHY and a little fishy and the cocktail sauce was bland with no bite.  Asked for extra lemon, horseradish at time of order yet it never did arrive.  Either way the Shrimp failed. Couple of Tuna Tartar's were ordered not my thing but 6 on the 1 to 10 scale from the persons that sampled them. Entrees:Dry Aged Rib Eye was very good tasty and cooked perfectly.3 Bone in Filet Mignons 1 was outrageously god while the other 2 were simply ok.  Note this is a wet aged prime piece of meat. Chillean Sea Bass was once again 6 out of 1-10 scale fort the fish lover.The "Ultimate steak" 40 Oz Portherhouse carved in back not tableside with 1 side and steak sauces was good but lacking any great depth or flavor to the strip or the filet and it was luke warm to cool at serving temperature. This was accompanied by the extra $25.00 stuffed lobster tail.  Well I don't know what this was but it certainly wasn't lobster.  It was  chunks of fish stuffed inside the tail with a ritz cracker bread crumb stuffing. It tasted funky no explanation of what it was but it I've eaten many a Maine Lobster tail and this was NOT IT. Two $90.00 stuffed lobsters were absolutely awful.  Same funky lobster taste with the stuffing doing nothing to save these sorry dishes.  Sides:Wild mixed roasted mushrooms in oil and garlic were undercooked. Mac & Cheese pretty good flavor no complaints here. Baked potatoe $10.00 cold and undercooked and certainly not worth 10.00.Garlic Mashed pretty good.Broccolini was blah. Deserts good especially the donut holes and chocolate dipping sauce.  Service was OK.. lots of the extras were never brought even though requested during ordering process.  The room must be right next to the broilers in the kitchen as the flame and frying smell permiated through the walls.All and all a few good things but absolutely totally over priced $1500.00 for 10 people with only 3 small priced bottles of wine and not heavy on the drink orders, makes this place a HORRIBLE VALUE.  Night before we were at Hugo's cellar 10 of us with incredible wine 1k.  No comparison.  As previously mentioned not sure who's reviewing this but THUMBS DOWN For me.
5	We went here on May 2, 2014 at 7:45 pm for our Anniversary Dinner. I'm so happy we did!We arrived 30 minutes early for our reservation, planning to just wait in their beautiful lounge, but they seated us immediately! The host was very polite and professional. Our first table was a 2 top, and we felt a bit cramped, and they immediately offered a 4 top and moved us so we'd be more comfortable.We had the Crab Louie for starters. DELISH! Then for dinner, we did the "Steak for 2" with the Mac and Cheese. This meal was, in a word, phenomenal. The Medium Rare steak was served sliced off the bone, yet it had obviously been allowed to rest before slicing. It was so juicy! The Mac and Cheese was actually a homemade Shells and Cheese with a crunchy topping that will blow your mind. SO GOOD! To top it all off, they carefully boxed our steak bone for our dog at home. We really really appreciated that.And last but not least, the service. From the host to the busman, to the server. Kind, polite, professional. We loved every single moment!!
2	Our waiter greeted us by saying "Brand is one of the ten best steak houses on the strip."I'm sad to say I strongly disagree.My husband and I came here for a rare night out while my parents watched our 2 year old daughter in our hotel room. We arrived around 8:30 pm, on a weeknight.  The restaurant was not busy at all, but they seated us at a tiny table even though there were plenty of open tables that would have been more comfortable.Our server took a long while to even bring us a menu or offer drinks.  We got the drinks and our appetizers ordered without any issues. The buffalo wings were the highlight of our meal.  It's the one thing I can say we enjoyed.   I watched a server bring out our main course, see that we were still eating our salad and then go to the back of the restaurant and set our food down on a random empty table.  A couple minutes later another server came and took away the salad I was eating before I was done.  Annoying.She then brought our main course out again but this time put it on our table.My steak that was supposed to be cooked medium rare - medium was very well done.I have to wait a good 5 minutes to get the waiters attention. I tell him I'm disappointed in my steak.  He offers to have it re-made, and I say ok.  Sadly, my husbands food was not re-made.  So we did not eat together.  In fact, I did not get to eat at all.  By the time my steak was done, so was my husband. He had eaten.  His dishes had been cleared.  At this point a very polite manager came to our table and offered me my steak.  I had to decline however.  I was in no mood to eat alone.  I was irritated.  All excitement for the meal was lost.To their credit our meal was compt.  They were very apologetic.  But they are far from the best steak house on the strip.
3	The service was good.  We entertained a large group and several joined in for their signature steak plate of several different cuts.  The one platter was ok and parts of the other platter several thought the meat was slightly over down.  Good place but I think there are other better places for slightly more money.
4	Happy hour is the best! They do half price drinks and have a great appetizer menu. Don't miss out on the chicken lollipops and avocado potato skins!
4	Went here on our last night in Vegas over Memorial Day weekend. It was a Saturday night, we had a reservation but still not very crowded. Service was so-so. The waiter was attentive when he was talking to us, but didn't come around very often. Other than that, this place is absolutely delicious. Their chicken meal is quite possibly the best I've had in my entire life! The green bean side is delicious, especially with the touch of almond. My date enjoyed the prime rib and said it was amazing. Left very satisfied, but not "too" full - we pretty much stopped being hungry the moment we got to vegas, because there is so much food and drink we were always eating! I can't comment on the wine/beer/drink because, looking out at the floor where they're free, we couldn't stomach paying upwards of $10-15 a pop. The prices here are a little high, but at the end, the food was so good we didn't even care. Delicious! Might come back next time we're in Vegas!Also, the place is really cool looking inside! Great decoration, aside from being smack against the casino floor.
4	We used MyVegas rewards for Brand, and glad we did as we may never have thought to try the place.  Everything from the service, the food, and the ambiance was very nice.  The waitress was very helpful in helping us decide on our meal and she was spot on.  We started with a shrimp cocktail and had the ultimate steak for dinner.  Both were extremely good.  They also give one side dish and the waitress recommended the garlic mashed potatoes and this was a perfect compliment to the steak.  I do wish there was a bit more beef as we left still wishing we had a bit more...but otherwise, this was an excellent meal.
5	I was here for a vacation trip and at 10pm we for hungry and saw the sign. We went in for dinner and had the most amazing Panko wasbi ribeye that was cooked to perfect.The hot rocks was cool and fun but not a lot of meat but super tasty. The service was just perfect!
5	Decided to eat here on 2nd night of our trip after we booked tickets to Blue Man group and noticed their sign for the special Prix Fix dinner from 5 - 6pm.   I believe it was $39.00pp and you could choose an App an entree and dessert.   For the appetizer my husband and I both wanted to try the hot rocks.  So unique and delicious. I recommend giving it a try.    We also wanted to try the 24 hour roasted Onion Soup with 4 cheese top.  Yum, we split the soup and it was full of rich delicious flavor.  My husband had the flat Iron steak and I had the crispy chicken.  Both very tasty.  For desert I had the creme brulee which is my favorite desert and it was good.  My husband had the doughnuts.  He never EVER orders desert, but since it was included he decided to try it.  Loved them.  So warm and oozing with Nutella.  Our server was friendly, attentive and knowledgeable.  Overall a very nice, experience and delicious dinner.
5	My boyfriend and I dined here on 6/29/14. We made our reservation on open table. We got there early, they still seated us and were very friendly. Our server Kristy was fantastic (we made sure to speak with the manager after dinner, to let him now what a great server she was. Often times they only hear the bad, we like to share the good. I hope she gets a raise).  He ordered the  CABLE CAR Cocktail- OK seriously it tasted like a "Churro"  one of the best drinks i've ever had!!! for diner I had the filet mignon- it was delicious and cooked just like i like it, medium/well. My boyfriend had the wagyu selection. OMG it was to die for!!! it's a must have. We shared 3 sides- the mac and cheese (yummy, I wanted more). the mash potatoes and cream spinach.... both just as delicious.  For Dessert- We had the strawberry baked Alaska (this is a must have).
3	Came with 2 other couples, had reservations, but didn't need them at 9:45 it was pretty dead.  The ambiance is not great as it's right in the middle of the casino, but it does make for some entertaining people watching.  Table had calamari, bruschetta, salami/cheese appetizers.  We ordered Fiji for the table since we were all parched and the water in Vegas tastes like bleach.  The waiter did NOT hesitate to pour heavy even when people didn't want more as it was about $10 per bottle, I think we ended up with $100 spent on water.  We had the filet and lobster tail it was ok.  Filet was charred on the outside and was quite bitter, the inside was good and cooked medium.  Lobster tail has a bed of ritz crust which is very rich and filling, I feel it is unnecessary if you have a really nice lobster tail.  Friends had large lobster tail, they loved it.  Other friends had the ribeye, I tried it and found it to be tough and dry, but it was medium well, I prefer medium and it's just a tougher cut to begin with.  It's pretty expensive for the quality, but if you are at a show at Monte Carlo, why not.  I wouldn't make a special trip for it.
4	The location is great, wide open to the casino & it's very dark so the openness is great. The food was all delicious except for the lobster tonight, it was unfortunately overlooked. The chef did the right thing and sent out another but it was also overlooked. Everything else was very good & the service was also great. The ambiance is beautiful with dark wood & beige touches. Contemporary & minimal which is always enjoyed by me. Overall a great experience.
5	Was looking for an amazing steakhouse without breaking the bank. Had 5 girls, bill was around $330 with wine. Amazing meal. We did the ultimate for 4, some salads and sides. Come here. It's worth it
4	The food was excellent. The ribeye cooked to perfection with their cognac sauce. Worth the price. They need a better hostess that will represent this establishment better.
5	Dined here last night and oh my goodness. If you read my posts, you will see we are frequent Vegas goers. I can honestly say that Brand Steakhouse is a hidden gem found in the Monte Carlo. Some of the complaints on here focus on the fact that it's in the casino. Get over it people...its Vegas. Anyway....this dinner was the best dinner we have ever had in Vegas. My mother in law and I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass. Wow. It was fabulous!! The ever so tasty fish laid on top of a delicious pile of rock shrimp rissoto, topped with bruschetta. We're slightly sea bass snobs and this one tied for first place in my book. My husband and his dad ordered the waygu beef short rib. It was extremely tender and tasty with a side of candy striped beets that tasted like they were fresh out of the garden! And the price was unheard of! For the sides, we ordered the garlic mash potatoes, green beans and mushrooms. Holy moly, the mushrooms mixed with the steak or even the mash potatoes....to absolutely die for!!!! The green beans were fresh and crisp to perfection. Since we were celebrating a birthday for my father in law, we opted for dessert. The waiter recommended these little donut holes, injected with nutella with a side of peanut butter/coconut sauce and a side of strawberry sauce. Seriously. Our waiter was an absolute doll and the service was to perfection. I highly recommend this place!!
4	We were pleasantly surprised by the excellent quality of the food and service. The restaurant itself is lovely and you can sit further back from the casino if the open view of the casino is distracting.  Frankly we enjoyed the people watching.  All of us had beef and the prime rib was perfectly cooked with a compliment of horseradish and au jus.  Great creamed spinach and the bread pudding for dessert was awesome. Key lime pie not very good but otherwise a perfect meal.
4	Went there on a Saturday night with some staff and vendors. The steaks were great so was the service. Order a variety of tapas before dinner. The French onion soup was so-so.
2	I wrote a great review about a year ago... unfortunately, this one won't be great. Las Vegas restaurants are part of the gambling. One day it's great, another day it's not... all depends on the waiter... went there today... my birthday... my wife asked ( discretely behind my back) if they could bring a slice of cake/candle after the meal)l .... but first we were seated on a table about the size of a confetti, ridiculously narrow... their dishes are huge, taking 1 third of the table. Ordered a bottle of champagne.. they were going to keep it 10 yards away in a 'community" ice bucket. I requested to have my own because then the waiter gets busy and you can't get a refill. Matter of fact, she showed up once to serve it.  Apps=$20 and up, meat $53 per person, plus $10 for a mini mashed potato, and have to eat on a confetti.. a burger joint has bigger tables.. then we were given the dessert menu. I could see my wife scanning the room expecting a candle coming... nada... we passed on the dessert and ask for the check. Yet my wife asked what happened with the birthday thing, you know what every restaurant in America do for that occasion for about 200 years, you know. The waitress said:'Well, you didn't order dessert".. then we paid, got up and were walking out and here she comes with a ridiculous saucer with 2 mini cookies on it and 1 candle stuck on each cookie, light them up and say "happy birthday" while I'm walking out the door.... first i'm no starving homeless to give me 2 skinny cookies, and I'm not going to blow those candles in the middle of the hallway...what's wrong with this people.. never again.
4	Great place to treat yourself to dinner in Vegas!! It is pricey, but you won't be leaving thinking it wasn't worth it. We've gone here multiple times on Vegas trips. The filets, mac and cheese and chocolate cake are amazing! Both peppercorn and red wine sauces for the meat are amazing too! The veggies have always been a tad hard for our liking (even after asking for them more well done), but other than that great service and we always leave satisfied. Two thumbs up!
5	Awesome food!!My husband and I stayed at Monte Carlo in Las Vegas and we had a great time! We decided to have our anniversary dinner at Brand because we both love steak and we were very happy with everything! The food was great and the drinks were good too! We really enjoyed our server and to top it off we got some free entertainment too since it's on the casino floor! We would recommend Brand to anyone looking for a good steak and some people watching!
5	I have been to many steakhouses and this place had the best tasting steak I have ever had. Ever since coming here, all steakhouses for me are compared to this place and I always end up saying "It wasn't better than the steak at the Brand Steakhouse." I haven't been here since last year but I definitely need to come back and confirm my love for this place. The Tomahawk Ribeye is the best thing you can ever put in your mouth. I love Vegas and this place is one of the few reasons that make it great.
4	Stopped in and they got dessert only out of us only but they treated us like we had a dinner reservation. Offered free champagne for our anniversary. Very nice.
5	Oh my wow, quite possibly the BEST meal I have ever had. We aren't exactly foodies, but we enjoy splurging on fine dining, and while in Vegas for a weekend getaway we decided to try out Brand. We got there right at opening as we had show tickets to get to, and they did an exception job of keeping our meal moving quickly but not too fast. We were at first seated right next to the casino floor, which actually would have been fine, it was fun to watch the action, but this evening we wanted something a little more quiet and romantic and they were happy to oblige with a booth towards the back. Right behind us was a bridal party in a private room, it looks like a perfect spot for a very small Vegas wedding reception. It was restaurant week, which benefits the Las Vegas food bank, so we went with the restaurant week prix fixe menu. I had the wedge salad, crispy skin chicken and creme brule. As hard as it was to finish, I could not stop myself it was so incredibly delicious! My husband had the onion soup, new york stip and mini nuttella donut holes. He loved every bite of his and could barely touch dessert because it was so much food. Every member of the staff was very attentive, we had at least 3 different staff members check in on us several times. Very very happy with our meal and we will definitely be back!
1	So my friend & I went to check this place out during restaurant week. She ordered the steak & I had the chicken dish & added lobster tail. Well........her steak came out & wasn't cooked to ordered temperature (medium rare) so she sent it back & I thought....oh no! I told her I learned a long time ago if a place can't get it right the first time then they can't get it right the second time......well poor thing she sent that steak back 3 times & in the end only ended up eating her wedge salad & dessert. The manager gave her a free glass of wine for the trouble. My chicken was dry but luckily I had some mash potatoes to mix it with to help with the dryness. I had been craving a lobster tail & was sooooo disappointed when I went to have a bite. Ugh! It was soooo dry!! Really? The presentation of it looked fabulous....what a disappointment. I informed the waiter of this problem & he offered me another one & I declined worried that the next one would come out the same way & I didn't want to waste their food. I must say the cracker & crab crust that was under the lobster tail was delicious! The custard dessert was yummy but the plate is was served made it look like there was more to it when there wasn't. Unfortunately this wasn't the first time I have dinned here & wasn't too impressed the last time I went.I chose to go because my friend wanted to check it out & since I had steak the last time I figured I'd try the chicken. Well I must say I don't think I will be back here for their food. Due to this visit & unfort. had to rate this place with only 1 star. Sorry guys!!!
5	In Vegas for a convention and had tickets for Blur Man Group - so wanted a place close by for dinner.  I don't think I could've made a better choice.  Started with the crab cakes with chunks of crab meat, followed that with the wedge salad (which was also great), and finally the rib eye.  All I can say is wow!  Everything was fantastic -service was impeccable too - ask for Christie - she was wonderful and we had a lot of fun with her.
4	Came here for 4th of July and was very pleased with our meals!
4	Steak was prepared properly.. service was great Highly recommend.  But if u grill a lot at home the steaks are really nothing special. But is very over priced.
4	We were looking for a new steak house to try and based on Yelp reviews we chose Brand at the Monte Carlo -- we were not disappointed.Although the restaurant is off the Casino, it is a nice cozy space if you sit in the back (which we did). We started with the crispy shrimp, had a little kick of spice but not too much.I had the 8 oz filet and it was perfect medium rare. Hubby had the NY Strip and that was perfect too. Sides were OK, mashed potato and roasted veg.Overall, Brand was in line with other steak houses we have tried, good service, great food and high prices.BUT if you only have one night for steak, we would highly recommend the Steak House at Circus Circus (the BEST!) or Charlie Palmer at Four Seasons/Mandalay Bay.
4	View of the casino, good music, classy seating. I had been here many times not particularly memorable. THIS TIME, was a great one. I enjoyed being here to celebrate a birthday.  I was comfortable.  AJ gave us excellent service. We had were on a time crunch and did not have to worry about it at all.  The hot rocks was thee highlight of my meal!  Deliciously flavored, really wished there was more of it to eat!  I love anything I get to cook myself. 3 seconds on each side perfection. Told my boyfriend I'd find him a rock outside that he could cook on for his bday gift! =PWe split a bone in ribeye... Man what a bone!  I could grab it with my whole hand and just take a bite out of the steak if I wanted. (Secretly wanted to). It was cooked perfectly on the inside. Extra charred on the outside.  If this is your thing, I would recommend it.  However it isn't my thing.  I felt like it countered the fact that I wanted my one cooked medium. As we did share we also surfed our turf.  Good firm lobster tail.  The sides were smaller than I am used to.  I did think this was great because we can get more variety and still finish our food.  Mac n cheese, mashed potato, and green beans. Enough for the 3 of us to share. All really great. Mac n cheese was the best out of the 3. Birthday candle in the ice cream to top it all off!  It was a good dinner.
4	Nice restaurant.Had dinner there during my buddies bachelor party trip.   They were able to accommodate us 3 hours before we wanted to eat.  Reservation for 10 made at 4pm for a 7pm reservation on a Saturday....not bad!Food was really good.  Filet was perfectly cooked medium rare.  Crusted Mac & Cheese was also delicious.  My only gripe was with the wine.  Ordered a glass of wine, which was not cheap by the way, and it came out warm.  I prefer Red wine to be a little cooler than room temp, but that was the only negative.The owner was helpful as well.  Got alerted that my card got ran twice, and the owner came over, gave me his card, and assured me if I did get charged twice that he would work with the bank to refund me.  Everything ended up being fine.Would recommend!
4	I had the crispy chicken and some moscato recommended by the waiter. Wow. This chicken was good. It was blackened without tasting burnt. The potatoes were perfect. The atmosphere was quiet even though it's on the casino floor basically. The only downside for me was the cost. A bottle of mineral water was around 9 dollars.
2	Food was great, service not so much!! We had dinner at the bar ( place was empty ). The bartenders were very aggressive on there up selling.Two sips into a martini they were asking to get us another drink ( this went on through out the entire dinner). It was more stressful than relaxing. I would not recommend dinning at this place, there are other steak house options in Las Vegas that employ a professional staff....that may explain the emptiness in the restaurant.
5	Had a great experience here with my wife tonight. Will definitely be back new to yelp but I would highly recommend this place
5	This place was absolutely amazing!! I would give it 100 stars if I could! My husband had the prime rib and I had the filet mignon topped with goat cheese and we shared a side of cream spinach and mac n cheese! Literally to die for!! The couple we were with said their meals were absolutely amazing as well. We don't usually spend that kind of money on our meals but it was Vegas and we were on vacation and didn't mind spending a little extra on a good meal and it was well worth every penny. Our waiter was wonderful too! He was very professional, polite, and attentive. I know places in Vegas hotels tend to only be around for a few years but I hope this place is still there when I'm back!
4	Steak... yes please!! So my boyfriend and I went here this weekend as part of our weekend in Vegas celebrating our 6 month anniversary. Read the good reviews and we were also staying at this hotel along with a $50 dining credit from MyVegas made this an easy choice to choose as our first fine dining Las Vegas experience. I made reservations online, requesting a booth and stating it was our anniversary. This restaurant is open to the casino floor, but surprisingly, inside the restaurant, you do not hear all the casino noise. Anyways, so we checked in and were seated right away... in a corner with a TINY table with neighbors in the connecting seats... I was NOT happy with that as I had requested a booth ahead of time. I asked the waitress if there was a booth instead as I had already asked for a booth with my reservation... she was nice and moved us to a booth with a LARGE table! Honeslty, for a high end steak house, I think the small tables they have are not practical! They are so small that you will be lucky if you can fit your steak on the table. Also, those tables were not stable and shaky... I'm glad our waitress was nice enough to move us to a booth. Anyways, so after being moved into the booth, we were both much happier! There was actually room for my clutch, our drinks and food. Despite the table mishaps, the service was great. They were very attentive and our water cups were never empty. For starters, we ordered the hot rocks appetizer that everyone seems to rave about. It was 6 slices of beef that you cook on these hot rocks they bring out to the table. Expensive as it was $19... but it was so good! The meat was tender and tasty and it was fun to cook it on the rocks! about 3 seconds on each side unless you want it really well cooked! We've never done that before! The marinade tasted like a vinegar marinade. For our entree, we went for the ultimate steak for 2 for $99! A 40 ounce t-bone porterhouse cooked to perfection. As our side, we chose the mac and cheese. I personally did not think that we could finish it... but it was so good that we devoured the whole thing!! We were trying to get as much meat off the bone as possible too! They bring you the steak already cut up so it's pretty easy to eat. The mac and cheese side was a good choice!! It was creamy and not overly cheesy. The bread crumbs baked on top added a delightful crunch! I'm not too big on mac and cheese and even I was loving this mac and cheese!They also have complimentary bread... but you have to ask for it. I saw people post pictures of bread... so I asked our waiter and he said we had to ask for it, so I did. They brought it quickly with butter. the bread was so soft and warm. We loved it with the butter. I wanted to make steak sandwiches! I was stuffed with my half of the steak... but my boyfriend wanted more because it was so good. He claimed he could eat another ultimate steak by himself... I told him there was a steak challenge, lol. I've also heard about the "ultimate steak challenge", however I never saw it advertised anywhere. We did not order dessert as I was full and I was hoping they would bring us something for our anniversary... but nothing came unfortunately. Oh well...Conclusion, excellent steakhouse with excellent service. Minus 1 star because I had made reservations asking for a booth and instead we were seated at the smallest table possible that shared seats with others. The original waitress had no issues with moving us to a booth, so I don't know what was up with that... also, they didn't do anything to acknowledge our celebration like Andre's did... so while service was excellent, it was not "above and beyond"... so 4 stars for this place in the end. Prices here are high, but the food is excellent and comes out quickly. Even with the higher prices, I think it's worth the cost. I would definitely come here again! The steak is big and excellent!
3	Brand could be a much better restaurant if the kitchen staff paid closer attention to what comes out to the diners' tables.  My gf ordered a Caesar Salad that cost $14.  It had a handful of Romain leaves, a small piece of Parmesan cheese, and two croutons.  Are you kidding me?  Who let that dull salad out of the kitchen?  My salad, the wedge was really quite good.  However, my medium-rare strip steak was a gristly unappetizing mess hardly worth being served at an all-night diner.  We spoke to the manager, John, who was very attentive to our concerns, and he not only listened, but also "did right by us."  So give the management some credit.  Might return, but that's iffy.
4	This was a great place to have a business meal.  The meal was great.  My manager had steak and I had the salmon.  It was delicious.  Perfectly made.  Our party continued to say how delicious the meal was the following day.  I highly recommend Brand if you want a great meal.
2	Not a lot of flavor to the food. I got the lobster bisque and it tasted like tap water, Caesar salad wasn't impressive. My husbands prime rib was good but I was just expecting the food quality to be higher in such a nice resort. Service was adequate, no complaints.
5	Expensive and good. Be prepared to pay $85 for a steak, the tomahawk steak is to die for.
5	After an eventful first day in Las Vegas; a day where everything that was planned seemed to fall by the wayside due to timing, Brand Steakhouse saved the day.After our original dinner reservations at PRIME fell through due to timing, we decided to give the Brand Steakhouse downstairs a try.  Despite many reviews talking about the lack of quality restaurants within the Monte Carlo and they do not recommend this place, I decided to heed the advice of one my co-workers and give the place a try.  We originally made reservations for 6:45 but decided to pop down around 6 to see if anything was available beforehand.  I am glad we did because the place was relatively empty and we were seated immediately which saved us time and allowed us to not rush as much to ensure we made our show on time.  Our server John was great, real down to earth, helpful in making suggestions and telling us of the specials for the evening and staying on top of everything.  We aren't drinkers so they quickly ushered away our unused wine glasses and our iced teas and water came out quickly.  Being as this was not the intended restaurant I went in with no knowledge of the menu but quickly settled on the 8oz. Filet Mignon (cooked well done) and a loaded baked potato on the side.  Yes; I know, well done and Filet do not go together but I don't like the pink and bloody steaks and am often told my steak more resembles a hockey puck or shoe leather as opposed to actual meat.  Well rest assured, Brand cooked the steak well done and it was still full of flavor and absolute perfect for my liking.  This to me is the surefire sign of a good restaurant, being able to adapt to a customers wishes and still deliver a great product.  I know a few other restaurants who could learn a thing or two from this place.  Both the steak and potato were delicious and quickly devoured.My wife, who tends to eat much lighter and healthier than I, went with the crispy chicken.  This came sitting atop a bed of garlic mashed potatoes and she seemed to also really enjoy the dish.  We decided to go with the New York Cheesecake with berry compote for dessert.  This was quite a large slice for the price and being as we were sharing it, the size was quite adequate to close out the meal.  The food, service and ambiance were all amazing and for the price this place would be hard to beat on the strip.  For 2 meals, 2 drinks and dessert our bill was $113 bucks and after a generous tip we got out having spent significantly less than we would had if our original plans did not fall through.  I would definitely recommend this place and would love to come back here again.
5	Enjoyed many steakhouses. This up there with the best. I Had a filet. Great value. All of 8 oz and then some. Mac cheese side is a must. For fun get the hot rock appetizer. Wonderful wine selection. The staff was more than attentive. Offered suggestions at each turn. Calamari starter is better than normal. Enjoy decor and place settings.
3	Loved the service, drinks was excellent.  Server was very attentive,  and suggested my husband and I the porterhouse.  So we ordered the porterhouse medium rare, it was a tad bit under cooked, we let them know, didn't make too big of a fuss about it and just continues on with dinner. Our friend has the filet mignon which was terrible, their Cesar Salad was a joke a few pieces of lettuce that was not yet cut.  Overall save your money for a different steakhouse!
4	We were having a good weekend here in vegas and decided to splurge for a fancy dinner on our last night. I was referred here from the concierge so we gave it a shot. I ended up ordering all to go and we ate in our room. The food was delicious. We got a60 steak and added a lobster trail to it for 25. Then we also added a shrimp cocktail  to share which I think was 17. There was quite a bit of food and it was very well done and even as a togo dinner was amazing. The steak came with some sauces that made it so flavorful. One of the best steaks I have ever had. The lobster was cut for us into to bites which made it easy to devour. Wow it was so good. The shrimp cocktail was also large and fresh and really good too. It made for a very nice ending to our trip here. I wish I could do this every time. I did order loaded mash which they forgot but there was plenty of food otherwise. I also had one drink in the bar which was 19 and customized for me the way I like margaritas. I had a great experience and would recommend it to anyone wanting to indulge themselves.
4	We had a 5:15pm Reservation as we had a show to catch. We were seated right away and given the specials. We did not do appetizers, but did the shared $99 Porter with mushrooms on the side and lobster tail and sides of Gouda Mac, Asparagus, and twice baked potato and a glass of Syrah.The steak came and they put all the mushrooms on top :(  we said whatever we didn't have time to fix but they took the steak back anyway. After doing some math we realized we could make show and wait for new steak and complained, I also complained about the wine, tasted like bottle was opened some time ago and should not still be served.They fixed problem, we got Steak ASAP and new wine.OMG the steak was mouth watering so good....worth every melting steak morsel. The sides were great too. I have would have rated this 5 stars is it hadn't been for mishap because food was so good.They made it ok though, took 20% off the bill and still took our $50 food credit from Myvegas no problem.Definitely sorry we did not have time for dessert.
4	I recently had dinner here for the second time and while I enjoyed it the first time, this most recent time truly impressed me. It didn't start off so well - we ordered the Seafood Platter which was very lackluster. At $35 I thought it would be more impressive. It came with exactly 3 tiny oysters, 3 large shrimp, and some lobster. I wouldn't recommend ordering that but the restaurant certainly redeemed itself later in the meal.For my entree I ordered a duck special that was so delicious and cooked to perfection. It was a TON of food - I only ate about half of it and I love duck and it was delicious but it was an extremely generous serving - especially for the price - which I believe was around $35. We also had a side of asparagus (huge spears, very lightly cooked) but what really stole the show was the gnocchi side. OH. MY. GOODNESS. These suckers will knock the most stringent of dieters off the wagon and it will be worth every single calorie. They were divine. They were cooked with brown sugar and sage and were firmer than other gnocchi dishes I've had in the past and even had a bit of crispness on some of the edges that may not sound good but it worked beautifully. Our server was top notch. He was very friendly and helpful and went above and beyond for us. I wish I could remember his name but he was great. My only gripe was that for such a nice restaurant they sat us overlooking the casino floor instead of back inside of the restaurant (where we sat last time and which looked mostly empty this time) and I felt like it kind of cheapened the experience a little.  I'd definitely request to be seated further in the restaurant next time if you can - unless you like watching slot machines and such during your fine dining experience...
3	Oh boy.. Where do I start... Service was good... Appetizers good. This place has no idea how to cook a steak! 3 times sent back and no charm! Raw and cold! WTF! It's too bad. They did take it off bill for us though.
