4	Nice place.  Helpful employees.
5	I went to guns and ammo garage with a gun i just got back from gun smith . Needless to say i was sick drugged and not in a good mood and luckly for me after i talked to some one about my experince their i realized by them taken the time with me in the range which was the cleanest and nicest one i have seen in las vegas . and telling me the problems probably saved me from my gun blowing up on me or epicly failing on me . i would have to say that the did a great job with telling me whats wrong and what i should say to the gun smith i went to . they also told me of two other gun smiths in town that they would take it for a second look .
5	I went back to guns and ammo garage after they reffered me to wild west guns about my 1911 problems and they where right . the place they told me about has a guy that is one of the best i am such ass for not listening to them . Then i asked them about hunting rifles and calibers and they told me i should find a 223 because it is a caliber that is a very popular and not to pricey . since i am just shooting targets and planning on get a AR it makes more sence thank you huys again for great advive
5	First off this is a review that is long over due and I apologize. A couple of months ago I began looking around to purchase a 9mm as a stress reliever, and to have as personal protection. As I was going around town I was getting very disappointed by how all of the men were treating me. Asking me if I wanted to look at this pink small gun or that pink small gun.However, when I went into Guns and Ammo I was treated amazingly! I had several of the employees help me out. Adam and Jeff were great, letting me see any gun I want to, and even giving me pointers for picking the best gun for me. They allowed me to shoot 2 of the 9 mm that I was torn between and while shooting in their brand new range, continued to give me pointers on becoming a better marksman. The staff at this store is becoming more like family to my little family. They are knowledgeable about their store and are extremely willing to go that extra mile including allowing me to try out several options before making a decision.Thank you to the Staff at Guns and Ammo Garage! You are superb. Your prices are very competitive, even when comparing prices to the local Exchange on the AFB.
3	I was there on vacation and never handled a gun before. I got good instruction on how to handle a pistol (Springfield XDM 40) and a small automatic rifle (an Uzi). I don't know a lot about firearms except what makes me ambivalent about them from news media, but it did look like a varied assortment of firearms to use at their range. The staff was very friendly, particularly to a newbie like me.
5	Staff, facility, and experience first class. Say goodbye to sleazy gun stores and say hello to G&A!
5	I would have to say that the staff in the store and on the range are very helpful.  I have purchased two firearms from this store and will purchase more.     I use this range on a weekly basis and I recommend this place to anyone
4	Awesomeness at its best!  Close to the strip, they have coupons in the books around town.  The staff is very knowledgeable and friendly.We had a big group and they got us processed through in a matter of minutes.  The facilities are comfortable.  The staff goes over everything with you before you ever put your finger on a trigger. They have a wide variety of firearms to shoot through.  There are multiple packages that allow you to try different weapons at an affordable price.I would go again when I swing through Vegas!
5	Very helpful staff and decent prices from what I saw. Parking is a problem, the lot is small so your going to have to park on the street, either Ali Baba or Dean Martin.
5	Great people, very friendly and we also get 2 free t-shirt when we're done too..Super fun!!!
4	Just went today and they were really nice there.... there was a girl that helped us in the back she was awesome her name is dani i think. The range is cool but u gotta stand behind that yellow line : / ... They had a good selection of guns to shoot ladies night is free on tuesday hmmm what else You can shoot your own gun and your own ammo.... Oh but the prices to shoot the guns is like one gun a person its weird and its 15 dollars to shoot but if u post on facebook its 5 dollars off so thats teh only thing expensive for guys. They need lead soap for after you shoot. The prices for guns are preety descent
5	I had to do it and bought myself another toy at Guns and Ammo Garage ,  I would  highly recommend checking this place out if you have not.  Not only is their customer service great but they make you feel comfortable with your purchase.   I would also add that my brother has also started purchasing from Guns and Ammo Garage and has been pleased,  when he had trouble with one of his pistols  the whole staff was on top of it and got his pistol back in great working order.  I would recommend going to down to Guns and Ammo for great prices and friendly staff.   MIke
5	Range is a clean indoor place with plenty of circulation.  Range officers are professional and friendly.  Staff is great.  Took the wife today for "Ladies Free Tuesdays".
5	Fired a Thompson 45 ACP, P90, and a freakin M294 Squad Assist Weapon here ... went in on an early evening during a weekday, there was no line. Counter staff was super nice, got into a lane in under 10 minutes. No, it's not cheap, but it is definitely worth it for the chance to work with equipment like this. Packages are comparable to everywhere else, you can mix and match. This is about guns and people who like guns. None of the stupid Vegas gimmicks like the Lara Croft girls at MGV, the prospect of which I found a little off putting. To be sure, I'm not used to the Las Vegas system where staff load and chamber the firearm for you normally I like to be able to work with the weapon and understand the action, how to load/unload, etc. But, if they know you know your rifles, they just let you get right into it.
5	I always thought good places would have more reviews, I was certainly skeptical at first because there is only like 13 reviews as of today (2012 08 13), but me and my friend took a leap of faith, (wasn't much of a leap since we could've just went somewhere else), and came to Guns and Ammo Garage. Not too sure the building is well insulated; in the parking lot, you can hear the shots being fired. It's a gun range though, why would it be surprising? (Also in the gun range it is a bit warmer inside). Regardless it was really easy to get to, right behind the Luxor on the other side of the I-15, and I don't know what the other reviewer was talking about, we found parking easily... but then we went in on a Thursday afternoon so there wasn't that many people.As we walked in we were greeted and was essentially directed towards the back where we were greeted yet again, and asked if we, "wanted to shoot." We were shown packages on what is worth getting (they have individual guns too but packages weren't too bad), and the ladies behind the desk didn't mind answering our 50 million questions and still showed a super friendly attitude when we placed what we were gonna get.Ladies package, I know, but it was worth every penny, and the ladies behind the desk say many guys order the ladies package too, so it don't look too terrible. It came with a choice of a 9mm handgun (I choose a HK-USP, my friend choose the Glock), a P90, 2 targets, and a t-shirt. The handguns came with 20 rounds; the P90 came with 50 rounds. They gave us the earmuffs, and the glasses and we waited.Waiting area isn't too bad, I can't say its 5 stars nice, but it's clean and that's what really matters. There is glass wall between the actual place to shoot and the waiting area, but you can still hear everyone shooting the guns. There are Range Safety Officers that actually assist patrons in form, stance, loading a gun, and everything. Some places are rent a gun, lane and have fun.Anyways, Kurt showed us to the stations, what guns we were using, stance, form, how to shoot, safety's, and answered all our questions. I actually kinda am jealous of him because his charisma is outstanding, I know it may sound like me blowing him up, but he was knowledgeable, friendly, down to earth and always smiling. Knew what he was doing. To be able to upkeep that attitude all day especially dealing with people like me (joke! no? okay), dang I wish I could learn from him. We shot our rounds, apparently I suck at shooting, but after we were done, we returned outside to the waiting area to pay, returned headgear/glasses, got the shirt included in the package and left. Great facility, and even greater employees. Guest Services, especially great guest services is really hard to find, and it can make or break an establishment. (I feel like I was treated more as a guest than a customer :D )(I went back before I left town to ask for the guy we had's name (Kurt) so I can refer friends, and all the lovely members of yelp. Its better to go to someone you know that provides kick-ass service than to take a leap of faith [I took one at the blackjack table, cost me 50 bucks lol]) LASTLY!! As I am writing this review (2012 08 03) they are offering $5 off for checking in on YELP.Ask for Kurt as your safety officer, I can bet everyone else is pretty cool but yea ask for him, you won't be disappointed.Cheers! I'll definitely be back when I can afford another trip to vegas.
5	Every time hubby and I go to Vegas we see advertisements for "The Gun Store."  Every time we see it, we want to go shooting.  We decided to go this last visit to Vegas and take my BIL and SIL with us for a fun outing.  Hubby looked on Yelp for The Gun Store's information but saw Guns and Ammo Garage as a better option. Reviews were good and upon further investigation, he determined that we would not have to wait in a long line to shoot.  Good for us that he was right.  It's off the strip (close to In and Out) and no wait for us. We walked right up to the counter. Hubby, BIL and I had been to ranges before but SIL had not. The woman was very helpful in helping us choose packages.  Plenty of variety of price points and options.  It's not a cheap outing but worth the money. I had the Zombie package. For $140 I was able to shoot a Glock 9mm, Uzi, AK-47, and a shot gun.  We are prepared in case of a Zombie Apocalypse.Our instructor was patient, helpful, and a good source of information.  He showed us how to use each gun and gave advice if you needed a little help.  Wish I could remember his name so I could give him a shout out.  Take your cameras because you can video or take as many pictures as you want as long as you stay behind the yellow line.  Each package includes a t-shirt which is great until you go to pick them out and the only sizes they have are XL. All four of us are no larger than a medium or large.  That was a bit disappointing. That would be my only suggestion, more range of sizes of t-shirts.
5	Wanna have a bit of fun and break away from the hang-overs/ casinos / strip clubs while you're in Vegas?  Go shooting!  I don't gamble or like to get drunk more than 1 night in a row so, it's a great option, imo.  On past Vegas trips, I went to The Gun Store or American Shooters but on this last trip, I found Guns & Ammo Garage.  It's my new favorite.  Why?First off, they have a free shuttle service that will take you back to your hotel.  Also, they have all the fun machine guns that are hard to find at other ranges but have better pricing and way less wait time than The Gun Store.  I guess people go to The Gun Store because it's been around longer but, I'd suggest trying G&A Garage if you can.  Back to the fun... I got the 'Mob package' which included a snub nose revolver, a 1911 (I've been wanting to buy this gun), a Tommy gun, 2 targets and a t-shirt for $99.  My friend got some machine gun package.  We were able to switch back and forth though so we got to shoot all of the guns picked.  That was really cool.  What's also cool is that they have a kid's package, which includes a .22 rifle and .22 pistol.Anyway, you can tell I'm a fan.  Our range instructor was a nice Asian guy... not too talkative but he still made sure we understood everything we needed to know.  I'll definitely be back.PS  My free t-shirt is awesome because they let me upgrade to a sexier woman's shirt!See ya there!
5	Great time. Highly organized, but be prepared to spend some $$$. Staff is very knowledgeable and extremely accommodating to new and old shooters alike.
5	Skip the tourist trap Gun Store and come here.  ITS MINUTES FROM THE STRIP AND THEY HAVE A FREE SHUTTLE!!!! They're awesome. We got in a taxi, asked them to take us to the Gun Store, he brought us here and told us it was the Gun Store (because he got a free t-shirt). We were pissed off until we walked in. The girls at the counter were very cool and friendly, there was no line. They had a huge selection of guns to choose from. The packages were cheaper than Gun Store and you get a free t-shirt. The gun instructor was very cool and extremely knowlegable . He helped build the place and really was passionate about it. Was patient with the one guy who kept doing things he wasn't supposed to do. We all had a blast and left with grins on our face.  Afterwards we stuck around a little longer and talked with the crew. It cost us $7 to get there from the Aria Hotel, thats a lot closer than the Gun Store. Coming home was FREE because we found out theres a shuttle.
5	"Hello, welcome to Guns and Ammo Garage. Have you shot a gun before?"Brother answers: "No""Perhaps you should start with a hand gun.""No thanks...I'll take a M1 and an M-16 thank you very much!"So for my bachelor party we went to the garage to shoot some crazy weapons. The only thing that was missing was a musket with a bayonet.As a first timer I decided not to follow my brothers' love for an old WWII gun and went with the SWAT package which has MP5, M4 and a Glock 9mm. My friends picked guns rather than packages and extra magazines. Observing the place while waiting, this place can get really busy. Looking behind the bullet proof window you can see other people shooting. I'm only hoping that I don't look foolish since I've never shot a gun before. The teacher took us to a quite room and told us about safety. Stay behind the yellow line and if you have questions place the gun down and ask. After that, we walked into the range and it reeked of gun powder and people shouting. The stall was already set up with all our guns. My brother was first and he shot the M-1 which was really powerful to the point where we all jumped up. My brother turns around and says "Wow that kicked ass!"I eventually got to my SWAT package and shot the Glock and the M4 without any problems. I jammed the MP5 probably a good 5 times. They greased it and I still jammed it. "Obviously operator error." The teacher jokes.I finally was able to finish the last magazine without it jamming up. At the end I didn't feel as bad as I took my sweet ass time with my package.When it was done we got back into the bus that originally picked us up from the Tropicana. The driver asked if we needed to go anywhere and one of my friends who forgot to get money the night before we left wanted to go to B Of A. So he actually took us there. Imagine in a bank parking lot with a truck that has guns and ammo covering the bus...hopefully nobody think we were robbing the bank.  Overall this experience was really fun. It makes me want to get a gun now and shoot a stuffed animal. I wished instead of paper targets we would get maybe a watermelon but it was in a garage, so I'm not going to complain. I would come back again. I don't like the fact that they try to push you to finish the rounds up quickly. I understand they have more appointments coming in, but what ever, just jam the gun up and it makes your money worth while.
5	Awesome fun and great, friendly professional staff. Back home in Canada we can't even say hand gun without a permit and automatic weapons, "Fugget about it". So for us it was a real thrill. My wife and son had never fired a weapon before so the emphasis on instruction and safety were very much appreciated as it helped put my wife at ease. Beginner or expert this is definitely the place to go. We can't wait to go again. Special thanks to James.
5	So I went in and picked up a Sig Sauer P232 from the Guns and Ammo,  they just happened to have one of  these in the case,  as usual the whole crew over there was helpful and friendly .  But the thing that keeps me coming back is the customer service,  The P232 had a little problem with it and it had to go back to SIg Sauer for service.  The guys at Guns and Ammo stepped up and took care of it for me.  I would suggest to anyone looking to purchase a firearm to go to Guns and Ammo Garage.  -Mike
4	Great little stop for any Vegas trip. Its cheaper than most of the other gun stores & the range masters take care of everyone that comes in whether you are a noob or have been shooting for a long time. Also, the chicks there are hot. But its Vegas, what else is new.The only drawback is that if you've had extensive practice with guns, you might not find it all that great to shoot guns you've probably shot before. And at that point, shooting the "special" ones can become pricey.
5	great place to test semi-auto/auto rifles. clean and cool. has a good selection of rifles and handguns to choose from.shot a scar in .308 and a fully auto ak-47.
4	Staff was super nice here.  I got the Halloween package and my husband got the Mob package.  Even though I got scared and couldn't make it through my whole cycle of guns, they pro-rated my package and still gave me the free t-shirt.  Sean got through all of his, all the way to the Tommy Gun, and he had a blast.  It was nice to have our "trainer" stand with us the whole time and instruct us (I've been to other places that previously didn't do this).  Highly professional and fun!
5	Guns & Ammo Garage is hands down the best gun shop in town.My husband and I have hit up nearly every gun shop Vegas has to offer. When we drove by Guns & Ammo we immediately pulled in to take a look around. At that time they had just opened and were in the process of building their range. We were immediately impressed with their selection of weapons, their pricing, and most of all their customer service. Since that time, they have completed their range and it is a nice one! Definitely worth checking out. A few months ago we purchased a firearm for them and the level of service we received was amazing. There were some initial questions about the paperwork but the manager assured us he would resolve them. Sure enough, the next day he called us with a solution and we were the proud owners of a new firearm. After a negative experience with another range in town, we made it a point to stop by. The clerks there greeted us and even remembered us from our last purchase and visit. I can without a doubt say that all our future firearm purchases will be from Guns & Ammo garage. I highly recommend any gun enthusiast to check them out!
5	Great place! Highly recommended. Very friendly and helpful staff.
4	They are one of my go to spot's for firearm's needs. Good prices, good service
1	Total Tourist Trap!!!If you are looking to establish a relationship with a local gun shop/shooting range, this is NOT the place for you.I bought 3 firearms through BudsGunShop.com and decided to go with this FFL dealer because of their great Yelp review.  BIG Mistake!  They were condescending and refused to initiate the transfer for no particularly good reason besides their own judgements and discriminations.  Since I bought the big ticket items online, they didn't see me as a cash cow.I also heard one of the trashy looking girl attendants chatting with a customer about how they're one of the few gun shops in town so it's more about how much revenue they can get off a customer than establishing good rapport since they're not hurting for foot traffic.  I couldn't believe my ears!The other attendants walk around with guns in their holster acting like wannabe cops.  No one even cracked a smile or a friendly greeting!I called BudsGunShop.com and initiated a refund so I hope they're competent enough to have shipped the firearms back properly, but I'm definitely NEVER coming back here nor recommending this awful shop to any of my friends.
5	This is a great place to buy your ammo from. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The prices aren't too bad either. Some of the other gun shops are a PITA to deal with, these guys aren't.
4	Went to Vegas for my buddy's bachelor party and did a visit to Guns & Ammo Garage. They have a shuttle to pick to you up so that is a plus already.We all got some type of package (give or take $150 each) and were able to shoot four different types of guns. I got the Zombie Package (Uzi, Glock, AK 47 and Pump action shotgun) and  although I was a little nervous at first, the instructors are really helpful and makes sure you are ready. Overall it was a fun time.
2	One star is for our range officer, or whatever they're called, Nathan. He was good. I wish he would have taken a little more time to tell me about each weapon because even though I shot 4, I don't really remember which was which. The second star is for the first lady I chatted with on the phone who was extremely polite, helpful, and informative as well as the guy at the sales counter who was very willing to share information about what's required to purchase and own a gun.The missing three stars are due to the fact that when I called and asked about buying a package or multiple people to share, I was told the Family Package or Best Bang Package would be best for our party of 3 people to share. I printed out the "Family package" and took the paper with me where it clearly states, "4 people max" ( http://gunsandammogarage.com/family-package ) When we got there, however, the woman working the counter said that it's a 4 person MINIMUM. Now, this is exactly OPPOSITE of what it said on the paper in front of me AND on the website. So she "went to ask her manager" and supposedly, we could not share this package with only 3 people. This is absolutely unacceptable and false advertising. Then, even though I had printed out the coupon for $10 off, and it said "one per person" they would only let ONE of use it, and not the two of us who ended up shooting (Our third guest just ended up watching because it was too expensive without sharing a package.) I do have to agree with the other Yelper who said it's a tourist trap-- it really is. The price-to-duration of entertainment is extremely poor. It took us less than 10 minutes to blow through $300 ($150/package with 4 guns each, 8 guns total.) So, it's really not a good deal at all. That being said, aside from all the accounting SNAFUs, I did enjoy myself but I won't be back unless I come with my own arms.
3	4 1/2 stars for the gun counter sales help. Very informative, knowledgeable and treated me and my friend very well. They also haven't raise their prices after the Sandy Hook shooting and I appreciate them not gouging their customers.Maybe 2 stars for the shooting range. I've never seen a range handled this way. Every simple thing is an "up sale" and an additional charge. Is it due to having to pay young clueless girls to stand around trying to make the whole shooting "experience" more appealing?One person pays to go in and shoot but to observe you must pay as well. My friend is inexperienced and wanted my help and advice on the line but I wasn't paying their BS fees to join him. On top of that you've got some guy breathing down your neck the entire time.
5	First of all, this place is a bit smaller than "the Gun Store", and Thank God, that place scared the hell out of me and there store sales guys basically talked me out of buying a gun.  But let's talk about Guns and Ammo Garage.  Went here to have some fun.  Took the Zombie package at $150 and had a blast, literally.  Had little experience firing handguns, but did my homework and went in with a fair amount of knowledge and a lot of my friends advise.  Shot the glock 19, Uzi, Remington 870 tactical shotgun, and an AK 47 full auto.  The price you spend is not bad, ammo is not cheap and you get quite a few rounds with the full auto weapons, so I think the value was good.  When I shot the Glock, I loved the feel and I was able to get a very tight 8" grouping in 2 clips out about 30 feet......not bad.  I really wanted one so I left and did my research and looked it up and went I went back they had a 19 in stock.  Price was $499.99.  Not the cheapest, but not a tourist trap, and they were in stock.  Passed me through the background check in about 25 minutes and I was done.  Also picked up a Remington 870 Tactical shotgun,with upgraded ghost site, better stock and got a price just above the Walmart pricing.  $50 more than Walmart without driving all over Nevada trying to find a Walmart with the model I wanted.....sweet!  And they can service upgrades and things in the future.  The staff spent a lot of time with me, were very friendly and did not look down on the fact I knew less than they did.  They answered my questions with modesty from an educational perspective and really made me feel I bought in the right place.  You can always get it cheaper, but if you want support, customer service, and great deals on ammo, this place is excellent.  I will recommend it and I will be back for the next step in my new hobby!
5	It's a great shop with knowledgeable and friendly staff. Two thumbs up.
4	I really enjoyed my visit to the Guns & Ammo Garage.  We called to ask about pricing and they told us about the packages that they had, so we decided to take a chance with them.The nice thing about this place is that they have a free shuttle.  So if you are staying on or anywhere near the strip they will pick you up.  We appreciated this and made sure we gave a good tip to the driver.  Of course nothing is really free in Vegas....which is why the driver had a big cup with "TIP" written on it and 5 dollar bills hanging out of it...lol.When we arrived, we headed to the counter and they started their package sales pitch again.  I am not a gun lover, nor am I really interested in shooting, so I thought that the prices were outlandish.  They never said on the phone that we could not share the packages and the cheapest was about $130-$150.  Not once did they mention the a la carte pricing if you didn't want a package.  I asked them if they had any shared packages, and they told me that it was $500.  I can imagine spending this kind of money if I were going to buy a weapon, but not just shooting a couple of rounds...Good Grief!  We then asked if we could just rent an M4 each, and they started telling us the individual gun rental prices.  We both chose an M4, and a handgun to shoot ($50 for the M4, and about $25 for a 9mm or a 500).  Of course I chose the pink gun to go Rambo style :-)My range person was very good.  He knew I was terrified of that big pink gun, so he took his time to calm me down.  He made sure he explained everything and even cheered me on when I had my doubts.  This guy really made my experience a great one.We spent about $100 each including the rentals, ammunition, target, eye & ear protection, and a picture.I would definitely recommend Guns & Ammo Garage to anyone looking for a shooting experience while visiting Las Vegas.
1	This is a tourist trap full of sleazy-looking women trying to up-sell you on a shooting range package. They won't let you bring your own weapons to the range (other than handguns and that's just for locals) because they want to sell their packages. The place had the feel of a strip club. Horrible. If you're serious this isn't the place for you.
5	Customer service at it's best.  Everyone here is super friendly and willing to to help you out with just about anything you need.I was in there this weekend and they really went above & beyond what they needed to do for me.  All I have to say is THANK YOU!!!
5	Guns and Ammo Garage helped me all the way through my gun buying experience. As a first time gun owner they really took their time with me. I was Cluless until I found the Guns and Ammo Staff. I was als able to shoot several types of guns before settling on my H&K. Since purchasing my gun I have been back numerous times for the range and practice. Guns and Ammo Garage is now on our "must do list" everytime our friends and family visit Las Vegas. My shy sister even had a blast with one of machine gun packages they offer, I recommend the experience of shooting a fully automatic firearm to anyone looking for a sure adreniline rush...
5	I've been to other ranges in Vegas that offer the fully automatic experience and this one exceeds them all. The staff were extremely friendly and far less intense than the others. They were very informative and really took their time answering questions. They even have free shuttles to the range and back. others either don't offer this service or only will give you a ride there.
5	Vegas Local visited the shop for the first time today to pick up some ammo. Excellent customer service and prices. I will be back.
5	Guns & Ammo is an awesome gun range!!! I called to find out about pricing and packages.  The gal that answered was very friendly and informative, so decided to try the place out.  I was a bit hesitant since it was my first experience at a gun range let alone shooting a gun.  The site is very clean and inviting. One person that left an impression was our safety officer Critter.  He was very knowledgeable and very funny which helped me be at ease. I will be back soon!
4	I've only to been to one other gun range, so I don't have much to compare but Guns & Ammo exceeded my expectations. Shooting at a range can be a little pricey but that just may be what the going price is these days. I was impressed with their selection of weapons.  I went on a whim with a buddy but next time I'll bring the lady friend for sure! They seem to be accommodating to first timers!
5	Went into Guns and Ammo Garage a few weeks ago and as usual they were busy , but not to busy to say hello . Even after I have been into the store many times I am still greeted with a smile and a handshake.  I went in to see if the rifle I had been eyeing was on the wall and it was still there. I filled out the paper work and I was happy.  The staff was knowledgable about the products and helpful. I would definitely  continue coming back to them,  there are many Gun Stores in Las Vegas and I have been to almost all of them. But Guns and Ammo Garage will always be one of my favorites.
5	Affordable, clean; the employees are helpful, and happy to help you. I'm going back, and will bring friends. Great place for locals...!!!
5	Great place for shooting and even better customer service!
5	5th time back to GUNS AND AMMO and as usual they had what I was looking for.. The the staff was as friendly as ever... I seem to have become a "regular" at GUNS AND AMMO and they all greet me like "Norm from Cheers"... Thank you for all your help and welcoming me be back...LOVE MY NEW FIREARM!!! See ya soon!DT
4	Visited them on my trip to Vegas with the family and signed up for 2 packages for my son and I. Two seperate packages were cheaper than the bigger family package for us. Great shop, friendly staff and nice inventory. Great opportunity to shoot and test before I wanted to buy a particular rifle. They saved me a few thousand $$$'s right there.I do wish though that the firearms were a little cleaner before testing out on the range. My KRISS constantly jammed, along with the M4. I understand they are busy and want to get people in and out safely, but a fouled firearm just kills the experience. Other than that, I will definitely visit them again on the next trip in a few months.
5	Had a great time here. Staff was very knowledgable and helpful. They even offer a free shuttle to and from the store, so be sure to ask. Had I known I could have saved a one way cab fare!
5	Just an overall great experience. The staff is very knowledgeable about all the firearms available which surprised me since they were also some of the more attractive women I've seen in Vegas. My instructor was an ex-marine and provide excellent instruction for each of the 4 firearms I shot. Can't wait to do this again.
5	Very friendly and informative staff!!
1	I was going to take my wife shooting so we decided to go to G&A Garage what a mistake first off we went there because the normal out door range we go to Pro Gun Club well it was just hot so we elected to go indoors. Man it didn't matter the range was so hot that within 5 min. we were sweating so bad we ended up leaving after twenty min if the had air conditioning it was not working. The other problems were the range masters not only were they bossy and curt I understand being in control but this guy was rude we definitely began to feel that because we had our own guns and were not tourist buying the hi powered weapons rental that we were not worth dealing with. They made my wife feel very uncomfortable then with the tourist shooting the big guns the sound property's are horrible even with ear protection it was deafening we will not go back or recommend this place to any one. Even the girls at the desk seemed to loose interest in us when we told them we were shooting our guns and just bought a couple of targets then to top of all that when we got out of the oven of a range I was expecting to spend 25.00 or so and was shocked to get hit with a cost of 38.00 for basically 20 min of range time dam I can go to Pro Gun Club for 20.00 have an entire are to our selves with range masters who stop buy give us the rules and are courteous then leave with out spoiling our experience this place is  BAD BAD BAD!!!!!! Hey G&A Garage how about photos of your cramped non air conditioned range.
1	After posting I decided to be fair and drop by again because there seem to be some really great reviews, well here is the update when I walked in I stood for about ten minutes waiting to be helped no one acknowledge me, they just stood there talking so I walked away from the counter and went to the window to watch the range again the people inside were sweating and they seem to be rushing a group through there shooting this was confirmed when the wife came out and seem a little upset, I asked here how it was going and she wasn't very happy she felt the range master was rushing them and talking down to them. She told me they had purchased a big plan so then could spend time shooting these very cool guns with their grown kids but they had no ideal there was a time limit until the range master began rushing them, "that's why she walked out" she said it was a waste of a few hundred dollars. I told here next time try Pro Gun Club or Range702. So my experience at this hack gun range was not an isolated experience so beware of this place and just go Range702, Pro Gun Club, Green Valley gun range or the Gun store you will be happier I'm not sure of the other ranges near the strip. I read all the reviews posted it appears that ether you have a good experience or a bad one which makes me very dubious of the high rated reviews also most of those high rated reviews are very short and generic. Read the reviews of people who are taking the time to explain their review.
4	Have never shot anything in my life. I was nervous once we got there. The girls who helped me and my girlfriend out were nice and got us going very quickly. I choose the pick 3 guns (p90, krinkov, and scar heavy), while my girl shot fm 5.7. The man who instructed us, forget his name but he had duck tape on his right index finger, was very knowledgable, enthusiastic and friendly with us. The experience has my girl and I wanting to go back, mostly me though. Definitely will be going back or getting my own collection of guns to go shooting with, but for anyone who would like a good experience down range with experience or none at all I would recommend this place. They also have a free shuttle service, which is nice if you don't have your own means of transportation.
5	Truly great experience - staff was friendly and really professional, even if you had never touched a gun they gave great recommendation what to try and were really helpful. Security was their priority #1 and they were serious about it. Quite high price but worth it - about $150 to shoot three guns.
2	This place has a very for tourist feeling to it.  The girls up front are not all that knowledgeable and I really needed a female to help me with gun suggestions. The guys in the back did a great job with helping me shoot for the first time but everytime I asked someone in the front for another gun suggestion which you pay for the rental all over again they suggested something either totally different than what I was looking for (an everyday carry) or something similar to what I already shot, I made it a point to try to get their opinions because as girls our wrists are smaller and I got the impression these girls maybe didn't really like shooting all that much or carry a gun themselves or maybe they just didn't want to be bothered by me. My goal was to try as many handguns as I could so I could purchase one. I ended up having a much better experience at a few other shops around town and purchased my gun for a great price at one that is very close by.
4	Nice Range. A shuttle provided us with a way to get there and back.Instruction provided was superb.I would definately come back here again.
5	After checking out a few gun ranges in LV, I decided on this one because of the packages and list of available firearms.  Plus, they will pickup from your hotel.  I find LV kind'a boring (I don't gamble) so I wanted something special to to do with my family.  My wife and daughter really were reluctant but I convinced them to go and I sort of felt they would have fun with this.  They have never shot any kind of firearm before.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  I'm an assertive type so you may need to ask them a bunch of questions to get the info you really want.  The beginner's package worked out great for the ladies and the "Pick 3" was just what my son-in-law and I was looking for.  Only negative was they only had fully-automatic Ruger 10/22 (vs. semi-automatic).  It's a rifle I just bought and I wanted to try out here.  We all shot Glock 9mm hand guns.  It was a blast!  The safety officer was patient and totally helpful.  My son-in-law and I absolutely loved the AK47!!!  Being from California we don't know if we'll ever get another chance to go fully auto without having to travel out of state.  It may be a bit pricey but it is something most folks don't always get to do regularly in their lives.  So, I say "go for it"!    My wife said this experience was the best part of our week stay in LV.
4	Recommend getting there fairly early because by the time we finished at 11:15 they were getting very busy.  We shot the 1919, UMP-40 and P90Very clean and efficient. Staff very nice. Fun, would go again.
5	Very, very nice facility. When you walk in its like a candy shop for grown adults. Lots of different weapons to look at and choose from. The workers there are very knowledgable.  When you walk to the back the range has tons of different rifles and such to choose from. I would come back here again.
5	We went to visit GNA garage and had a fun and safe experience. Brad our instructor was by far a great teacher and funny to boot. He made our experience a reason to come back for more training. It was first time shooting a gun and It was memorable to say the least. Thanks Guns and Ammo garage.
5	This place was accommodating, fun and a great place for beginners as myself to try out guns that I'd never be able to even touch in California. The staff was very helpful. David helped us out and made sure to explain everything. He was right behind us, telling us exactly how to safely handle and fire each firearm. Everything was controlled and he gave tips on how to improve our accuracy. It was also my wife's first time shooting and they were all very nice and all of the workers went out of their way to make her feel comfortable and not pressured into shooting anything she didn't want to. She eventually tried out an M9 and a P90. I tried the M9, MP4, M4 and AK. it was great shooting those for the first time, trying out the three round burst on the M4 and full auto was exceptionally fun.
5	Three ladies are we, and seniors to boot!  Gary Martinez took us through very basic moves, including how to discern which eye will target the guns. None of us had handled hand guns before, and his patience and expertise was awesome.  How else could each of us obtained the ability to kill the target on first shot??!!!! Everyone at the Garage was courteous, helpful, non intimidating and patient with us.  Of note, there were two young men in the shooting room (??) with us, but finished before us.  They waited till we were done to admire our expertise!!!! We shot A Glock 9  and a Ruger. Although we had the opportunity to shoot other guns, we felt the AK 47 wasn't our style. It did give us the opportunity to determine what kind of hand gun we could use to defend ourselves.....so don't mess with 3 older women!!!!  As a side note, i did ask about lead levels of the employees....all well within normal range..which shows what a clean and well ventilated place this is.  Also, be sure to ask for a video of your experience!!!
5	I'm a local and I love this place!  I have purchased guns from them and also online and had them delivered here.  The staff is just GREAT!  They have gunsmiths on site if you need adjustments or things installed, removed, etc.  Also, I like the range.  I have a medium amount of experience with firearms.  I'm not a novice, nor a pro.  The range is great if you bring your own weapons.  If you're newer and your gun jams or whatever, someone is there to help and answer your questions.  I also have had a "shooting experience" there a few times.  I take visitors who are interested too.  I have shot a Thompson, MP5, AK-47 and a shotgun there.  Each time was FUN!  The gals at the back counter are great.  They offer photos and videos of your experience for purchase. You can also take your own.  However, their cameras are IN FRONT of you.  Very cool pix!  The most important thing is their staff.  Last time I shot some fun guns, Justin was right there with me.  They meet you on your experience level. They're neither condescending or commandos.  It's just a great place to live out your second amendment rights.  :)
5	for christmas hubby and I bought our first gun. we were excited to run some ammo through it and looked for a local range. we saw all the great reviews this place had and decided to try them out. from the moment we walked in they were very friendly. the girls at the back counter were very helpful and got us all set up with targets, etc.  when we entered the range the attendant showed us to a stall and was very friendly he saw that we novices and was quick to give us some advice. he was very helpfull.  over all we had a great experience there and will be back. on the way out I was infromed that tuesday is ladies day and I get free range time looking forward to that.
5	All I can say is awesome people and awesome place......thanks for a great experience!!!!!
4	There are a lot of ranges in Las Vegas that aim for the tourist crowd who come to rock full auto. The Gun Garage is one of them, but unlike the LV Gun Store the staff don't rock an attitude. Everyone is friendly, they have a Range Officer that oversees the entire line and each machine gun rental is overseen by a personal RO that tells you a little about the weapon you're firing and what to expect. They also treat Average Joes who come to shoot their personal weapons nicely. They keep the range clean and equipment maintained. A good range and better staff. What more can you ask for?Oh, and for the tourists they offer a free shuttle.
5	After arriving in Vegas and shopping in one of the big name stores and not sure of the price I called The Gun Garage, I asked them if they had what I was looking for and they said they did, they gave me direction to the shop. When we arrived we met the gentleman I spoke to on the phone and he showed me exactly what I was looking for. He took the time and patients to explain all my options for the optics I could purchase and went the extra mile and helped me make the correct choice for my application. Then he took all the correct mounts and the optic and mounted it all for me, he was not pushy and was extremely helpful. The Gun Garage got me set up with all the correct paperwork and made the transaction a pleasure plus saved me a ton of money over what the big name store was going to charge me. I live four hours away from The Gun Garage but will use them for all my future purchases. The Gun Garage is the only place to go they are friendly, helpful and have awesome prices. The next day we went back and the owner set my wife up on the range with a full auto and she had a blast, now she is sold on the Gun Garage as well. Thank you Gun Garage you and your staff is a pleasure to work with, you have earned another satisfied client who will be using you for all our needs.Thank youGreg & Mary
5	I had never shot before and was very impressed with my experience here. I felt safe while shooting and my instructor never left me unattended. I was able to shoot an Uzi. I decimated my target.The staff was very supportive and I can tell that everyone who works there loves their jobs. The girls behind the counter are totally informed about all the guns, they're not just pretty faces. I appreciated that! I will definitely come again and shoot some different, crazier, weapons next time! I'm thinking the Browning 1919.... ;)
5	Super fun and professional. The staff is really cool from the front desk to the range. My buddy and I had a great time shooting a variety of full auto guns. Free shuttle, discount T Shirt and Id say pretty damn inexpensive if you make this a once in a lifetime experience. But Ill be back. *If they offer you the AK74 with flash muzzle, aka the "Happy Ending", DO IT!
5	Wasn't my first time shooting, but it was best time. I like to hit the range when I go to LV. Def had a great time shooting some new guns.
5	Good setup. Good prices and friendly. Very supportive of Law Enforcement and security professionals
5	A+  Wow... what a great service. Less then 10 min I choose my 9 mm gun. Do some paperwork and done. Great stuff. Nice manger. This guy's know what the selling or doing. No up sale. Really pro employees. Service great. Whit time perfect. American express accepted. Will see them again.
5	As a Las Vegas native, this is by far the best gun shop in my opinion. Huge selection, very helpful and always seems to be the best prices. If your law enforcement or military this shop gets 10 stars because their quantity of firearms available at LE price is unmatched. Do your self a favor, make this your one stop shop.
5	These guys are awesome. We came here looking for an AK47, however we ended up buying a few guns. Originally the plan was to just get one rifle for my friend however I purchased a 1911 they had sitting and my friend bought an AK47, a case for it and a Judge... don't ask me why he bough it, he liked it. personal preference. For a while I would go there every now and then and they knew me as the starburst guy only because my buddy who lives closer always head there for ammo, they ask where is the starburst dude. Great stock on ammo for most calibers, usually my first place I check before i buy a gun anywhere else.
5	I shot an M4 with 3 mags, a Tommy Gun with 4 mags and a 1911 with 6 magsCost me about $220 but I had so much fun I don't care. The reception staff was helpful as was the range staff. I'm sure this isn't the cheapest place to shoot, but it was my first time shooting a fully automatic weapon and it was hella fun.Not sure if anything is cheap in Vegas, but the friendly staff here makes you feel like you got your money's worth.
5	This place is all sorts of awesome!  I have never left feeling anything but happy and excited.  The service and staff is top of the line.  The staff is very informative including the beautiful ladies behind the counter in the back. We both attented the CCW class taught by Curt, he was an awesome instructor and VERY informative and answered any questions that we had throughout the day.  Also we have bought 2 guns from here and the staff was able to answer every and any question and give great advice.  Best range, hands down!
5	I just came here to purchase a rear sight for my AR and their price beat out every other shop that I called by a long shot. The customer service was outstanding and the guys at the counter actually had a personality, which is rare out here. I know who I'll be doing business with from here on out.
5	Call ahead and they will  pick you up & take you to hotel. Very friendly!!  My two sons (ages 10 & 13) loved this place.  I think I will try to do this next time I am in Vegas!!  Everyone that works there is super nice and don't make you feel dumb.
5	First time ever in a gun store to look around. Staff were very friendly, professional & customer service oriented. I always felt safe & the equipment was superb. Got to take pictures with the guns & staff. Owner even invited us in to see the firing of a special gun they were filming.  We felt included & made for a great fun experience. Highly recommended.
4	Great place! We couldn't figure out if we wanted to go here or the strip gun club. Glad we choose this one. Gregory picked us up in the company's plush AC van and drove us there for free. Once there, the staff was professional and hilarious! Jonathan, the gun pro, did a great job teaching us how to fire the array of guns. We got the zombie experience and I would recommend it. The shotgun and AK47 were great. It was weird that the bill asked for a tip. Wasn't sure what to do with that! The complimentary van also takes you back to the hotel.. Which is awesome.
5	Why did I give them Five Stars? Because they earned it. I owned a gun store in the Eighties and have owned Many Businesses sense then.These young Men and Young Ladies that work here are very Kind and VERY Respectful. The person that owns this business has a good bunch of people working for him. Keep up the good work guys and gals.Thanks for the BEST Service,Mr. MJKThe best 5G I've  ever spent.
5	After dealing with another local retail shop, who wouldn't honor their own web prices - I called Gun Garage.I talked to Jason who informed me what Trijicon ACOG scopes they had in stock and his opinions of each one available. After work I made my way down to the garage where Jason showed me each model, so I could get first hand knowledge of what I liked. Jason was no pressure at all, he let me view them in store and outside, (where you'll actually be shooting). And even showed me some cheaper models. I ended up going with the model I didn't think I would like, only because of getting hands on with it.Not to mention it was cheaper than all the other stores I've called. Gun Garage will be my go to store, because seriously - you don't just buy 1 gun.
5	Brought my teenage son over for some fun "guy time" while in Vegas.   The Gun Garage was highly recommended... and did not dissapoint.   Drake and Jonathan were our instructors (strongly recommend them anytime their available).   They were very knowledgeable,  patient,  engaging, and made for a great experience.    My son shot a Kriss, Rem 700, Glock 17, and a 1911 (my son's face was worth the price of admission).  Drake gave pointers throughout the session in building my son's confidence.  Right across the Strip - perfect for groups and a quick break from the daily tourist scene.
5	If your there as someone who just want to shoot it fun. I got into a conversion after my shooting was done. They are super knowledgeable people and really nice. Cricket was great
5	This place is really amazing!I am a small asian girl, I am scared of guns and loudness in general. But then, I was afraid of dogs before I got my own. I came to the shop on a Sunday afternoon, wanting to check out some guns for purchase in the future (since I had such a good experience with my dog, lol, i know, ignore me) people there are so helpful and made me feel at home. I can't remember their names, but the guy at the counter gave a lot of good suggestions, he answered all my questions very patiently, and after I picked what I liked, he suggested that I try it out in the range.  The instructor I had in the range was also awesome, he taught me all the basics, and tried to make me laugh so I would relax. Even though I ended up not finishing all my shots (I was too chicken, the instructor did everything he could), I really enjoyed the whole experience. Also, since I didn't finish my whole course, at the check out, they also gave me a huge discount, which was totally not necessary! Before I went to this place, I was a afraid it might be a tourist trap. Although there were quite a few tourists there, there was a lot of locals there too just to shoot. And they definitely seem to get what type of customer you are, if you know what I mean. I will definitely come back to this place for a class, and try to shoot some more. Hopefully next time I will finish my package and buy a gun soon.
3	The store is pretty good, I've been going here for a year now. I bought a bunch of ammo, accessories, handgun and did a transfer here. The transfer was $25, it was smooth and easy. Long guns can be picked up the same day. Prices are reasonable and staffs are really friendly. Unlike other gun stores, there are no gun store commandos here. They're all very helpful and aren't condescending towards newbies. The range isn't as great, is pretty small and ventilation isn't as good as range 702. Also they wouldn't let me shoot brass out of my .223 AR15 since they only allow pistol ammo in the range. Which wouldn't bother me if they didn't rent full auto AK 47s there. So the guys next to me are shooting a super loud full auto AK and I can't shoot my semi auto AR. This makes no sense to me. Overall the store is pretty legit but my recent range experience turned me off this place.
5	Well...... Back again to the Gun Garage to renew my CCW and the service once again was EXCEPTIONAL!!!! Kurt was by far the best instructor I have been to for training....I had been to two other gun ranges in the past for my CCW and all they were interested in was getting me through the class, Kurt actually was passionate about what he was teaching us and it showed with his knowledge and instruction that he gave both in the class and on the range. I definitely left the Gun Garage with more information about gun safety and the laws of my concealed weapons permit than when I went in. THANK YOU KURT, you made it a great experience.I will be back to see Kurt and the Gun Garage soon for more training.
5	Great selection of guns, ammo, accessories and apparel.  Prices are better than anyone else in tow.  The girls working the range are friendly and very attractive.  The guys working the gun counter are knowledgeable and helpful.  I always stop in for a few boxes of ammo while I'm in town.  While not as large as the range down the street, this place makes you feel welcome.
5	Great prices,  great range,  friendly people....Great selection of weapons to shot at a range as well to buy at retail. They got apparel, good ammo prices,  interesting targets, to choose from for a 1 $, overall a lot of fun
5	this a great clean safe environment for anyone that wants to practice shooting. They are very nice, knowledgeable, proffessional. We had a great time. we will be going there again soon.
4	The people here were so friendly and helpful. The gun range was very clean and respectful. They were constantly cleaning the floors of shells keeping them out of our way and to keep us safe. The observation lobby was convenient and comfortable for the people in our party. They had a large gun selection. I don't like guns very much but I was very comfortable here.
5	As others have indicated, gun store "culture" can be a bit arrogant. At many gun stores that I have been to, If you don't look like your are a "shooter", military/LEO, or have big $$$, prepare to be ignored or at the very least not taken seriously until you shell out some cash. As with ALL gun stores that I have been to, I had my reservations walking in.  Observations:1. Immediately greeted upon walking in. Total shock.2. Asked if I had any questions, not once but twice by 2 different associates. I'm used to one guy reading a magazine, the other jawing with a "friend", and the one I finally track down makes like I am "bothering" him.3. Cheerfully greeted at the range counter by an attractive young woman. Had a few questions about their full-auto packages and she patiently walked me through even though she knew I was not shooting that day.4. Observed a young woman firing a full-auto AR-15, two range masters supervising. A female range master assisted by lightly holding the rifle and the young woman's shoulder. Very reassuring to know that safety is of primary concern. I am sure when they are very busy it won't be possible but it's good to know they are staffed with trained personnel, especially with automatic weapons.6. Full auto pkgs. very reasonable with lower cost options than those on or closer to the strip. I did not get the feeling that this store is a tourist trap. I still have my Hawaii DL but am a recent transplant so I wasn't sure how I would be treated.7. Bought 2,000 rds of ammunition, 9mm and .223, probably the hardest calibers other than .22LR to find in Hawaii. They had tons at a very good price.8.They even helped me carry the ammo out to my car! I've literally spent thousands at a gun store in Hawaii, and they WATCHED me make multiple trips to my car. Brutal.Other reviews, (and this is just my opinion):1. Range size. Yes it could be a drag if it's busy and you have to wait. On the other hand, with full auto, I'm not so sure if it's a good idea to have twenty stalls and only a handful of range masters supervising. A small range means tighter control and that means safety. Besides, you won't be waiting very long. Even with a 1000 rds, how long will it take to burn that up LOL!2. I wanted to test out my AR15 with my new trigger however they only allow personally owned handguns on the range. As a business owner myself, this makes sense. Aside from the safety factor, my guess is that a large percentage of their business is the full-auto pkgs. Restricting THEIR range, from personally owned rifles, ensures that PAYING customers (much more than just the $10 range fee) won't have to wait. It's just smart.. It must be an enormous investment to even own these weapons so to put the range down for not allowing personal rifles is a bit selfish. This gun store clearly understands the importance of service. Anyone can open a store and sell anything, not everyone can treat people with genuine respect and kindness, THAT is what sells product. The Gun Garage gets it. If the owner is reading this review, I hope you continue to stress how important this kind of service is to your staff.  Being from Hawaii (where guns are "evil"), I have a lot of out-of-town family and friends coming to visit and they ALL want to shoot full-auto. With so many competing establishments out there, we have choices. As long as your staff continues to make people feel welcomed and appreciated for simply walking in the door, I won't have to consider anyone else. No sale today could pay off in dividends tomorrow, it all depends on how I was treated.
4	Went here to shoot my own gun and bought their ammo. Great ammo prices for range time. The downside is that hands guns and rifles are the same area so every now and again you get pelted with the person next to you rounds. But I also went to shoot one of their packages with a friend and they're priced good compared to everyone else. Wish you'd get more rounds but hey,  this isn't a charity. I had fun though. The instructor was nice and they make it a great spot for tourists and locals a like. Would recommend to a friend.
4	Greeted nicely by all employees at the range. Overall a great place. If I could make a critique, I would only have 1. A local resident price would bring me here more often. Typically I'm only here during the week for 30 mins and I'm out. 15 bucks is a little steep for just a quick session after work. Membership options would be nice. A plus is you can use your own ammo, your not stuck using range junk ammo.
3	This review is based on the service I received there, not about their shooting range since I haven't used it yet. That being said, the gun shop is pretty good! They have a lot of stock and a variety of accessories. I've purchased several of my firearms here including a glock 19 in fde that I had been searching high and low for during the gun scare period. I have to say the price was fair and I'm glad they did not increase the price during that time. I also picked up a used rock island armory 1911 during one of their sales. It was a display model and upon inspection it did not appear that it had been used much. I'm very happy with my purchases and will do business with them again. Any firearm purchase also includes a free range pass which is a great way to test out your newly purchased firearm! Since I prefer to shoot out in the desert I haven't had the opportunity to test out their range, but will do so in the future. Good shop, good prices, and friendly staff. E stars for good service!
5	Awesome experience. Girls were hotter than the guns! Lol. Highly recommend for a great shooting experience and all around best customer service at any gun range in vegas. I actually bought my first gun here the prices were cheaper than the discount store. 5 stars!
5	These guys are best in town! Great customer service and very knowledgeable staff. Lots of guns and gear in stock and shooting range where you can rent to shoot many pistols and rifles.
5	This store has friendly, knowledgeable staff, a variety of products that are reasonably priced, ( including an excellent selection of 5.11 gear) and a very nice range. I have shopped there before and stopped in yesterday to pick up some products and felt very welcomed, I will be back for sure!
5	A great gun range to visit if you're in Vegas. Our advisor randy was great and helped us out big time. I basically got to shoot the guns I wanted to. The best thing I have to say is that they rapid fire which was my favorite part.
