3	Tasty wings, plentiful beer, and good place to watch games.  The men seem to love this place.  It can sometimes be a challenge to find a seat on the patio but if you can, it is so much better than the restaurant (unless it is 110 degrees, of course).  They bring in all the games, so I can watch my Longhorns when I am in Tempe.
1	I just went in here to use the restroom and all I can say is eww. The entire bathroom was filthy: no soap, no paper towels and the locks  on the stalls are missing. Also no mirror at all. just gross. This for me reflects the workers and the food which is just eww...
4	I kinda like the Native New Yorker. I mean, if trashy bathrooms isn't your bag, this might not be either. By that same token, I can think of quite a few other places where the bathrooms are considerably worse than here. They have some wicked happy hour specials on wings and other greasy snacks and even regular priced pitchers of beer aren't bad. It's a refreshing alternative to the stuffiness of most Scottsdale bars and even somewhat in comparison to bars on Mill. Ideal with about four people and no schedule.
2	there are some bars/restaurants in tempe, and, i suppose phoenix as well, that just smell funky. Long Wong's was like that, for example. it's just an "old building" smell mixed with leaky pipes, i'm not really sure. this place has that smell. for some places, that smell is acceptable and sometimes even a welcome reminder of the many, many good times you've had there. this place's smell is not friendly reminder of anything.maybe i came on a bad night - it was sunday and it is summer after all - but this place was pretty dismal. but, i give them stars for serving food past 10, when everywhere else in universe was closing at 9 or 10 (the Ho Ho, across the street and my first choice, had a weird private party going on, which is how we got stuck with the new yorker).they have a full menu and they serve til 2 a.m., which is a nice last ditch, back pocket choice. but i warn you if you're not drunk, which we weren't- it's not very good. the mozerella sticks came out warm on the outside, cold in the middle (when we very nicely told the server this he looked at us like we were lying, and if we weren't pulling his leg, seemed confused as to what he was supposed to do about it), and the sliders were the driest meat and oldest buns ever. my vodka cranberry came out in a large drinking glass that was ALL cran (that's my pet peeve, it's like "i have to drink all this juice/cola/clb soda just to get my barely shot of boooze? lame"). on my second drink order, i asked for a smaller glass, and explained i just wanted less cran in the drink, not a weaker drink. the glass that came out was comical -basically a large shot glass for say, washing apple shots, etc. - and still way, way too red, even for that tiny glass. i began to suspect  i was on a hidden televvision program of some sort, but just dropped it, because by then i had already stomached what i could of our greasy meal and given up on getting anything wortwhile out of this place.unless you're a die hard fan that can't get your small town home team game any other way, i wouldn't bother.
4	I have only had the chicken wings here, but I have to say that the wings are fabulous! The ambiance is a bit too "sports-barish" and short of the wings I probably would not come to this place at all. The outside patio is actually pretty nice, the beers are fairly priced and the service is good.If you do go here: try the wings!
2	I have come here quite a few times with friends who love hot wings.  I am not a hot wing person, but the menu is enormous and lots to choose from.  I have never been disappointed with the food... it is your typical bar food pizza, burgers, sliders, sandwiches, and many other things.  My only complaint is we sat on the patio and it smelled like a sewer out there.  I don't recall this being a issue before... so not sure if this is a problem that can be resolved or only going to get worse.  My suggestion... if you are going there and want to sit on the patio... sit as far to the east as possible.  It didn't smell as much over there:)
4	My family has been coming here since 1993. Okay, so the food isn't amazing, but they do what they do best...wings and beer and sports. The wings might be fantastic, since they offer many sauce flavors, but I don't know since I don't eat meat. My sister loves the honey BBQ while my dad loves the extreme spicy one. The staff is friendly and always fill up my cherry coke (coke with cherry syrup AND extra cherries.) As for the women's bathroom, yeah it's small but it's not the worst in the world. There is always toliet paper and soap and paper towels. I've been to some really bad bathrooms before and this was not one of them.We don't go there for sports, but it's a fun place for your family to sit down, eat food, and enjoy company.
2	I don't know how people can eat here. The food is all grease and fat. The grease in which they deep fry everything is 'off' I think - like they haven't changed it out since the 1980s... everything tastes the same and not in a good way. In fact, everything about this place is like a blast from the past - it's like walking into a museum featuring restaurant cliches from 25 years ago.I felt dirty and greasy just walking into the joint. The entire place is covered in a layer of film that's neither sticky nor slimy, but truly disturbing. The smells emanating from this place both inside and out are all pretty offensive too. The quality of the ingredients used is all very low. I wouldn't ever recommend coming here to eat. We sampled quite a few different items and they were all vile and made me both regret their consumption and consider regurgitation. The sliders were a joke - how do you make greasy bread? Fries are made more of oil than potato. Pizza puffs are basically a twist on a mozzarella stick only wetter and less healthy (however healthy deep fried cheese could be).  There was one saving grace though - the salads seem to be decent. I won't be returning though.
4	I'd never been to Native New Yorker before, at any location, so the entire restaurant is new to me.I was shocked walking in at how many TVs they had (so many they basically were the walls) and how much it seemed like a dive british pub with more lights. Whatever, we sat down kind of uncomfortably anyway thinking we were already here lets just go with it. Glad we did.Yes, the place is sensory overload. So many televisions, the tv screen trivia game that I love so much, and just a really really loud room. I think even if the room were full of quiet people, it would still be loud as shit. So all this aside, we were having a blast.The food is ok, it's not interesting by any means, but it is tasty, and my girlfriend really enjoyed her house special pizza. They have incredible drink specials including a Jack Hour every day from 10-11 where all jack drinks are stupid cheap. Driving home in the car we agreed it was our favorite place to hang out that we have been to in a while. We sat for probably 2.5 hours playing tv trivia game, watching basketball, and eating. I'm usually hard to entertain when I am not drinking, but I didn't have a problem here.
2	Native  New Yorker in Tempe was OK, I had not been to this location in several years and was waiting for a friend that lives near this location. I know they are famous for their wings but I was not in the mood for them today so I got their Club wrap with fries and a coke. Along with some fried mushrooms. The total was 15 bucks which I thought was a bit expensive for the little bit of food I got, and I could of got the same thing pretty much that was bigger at subway for 7 bucks. Plus that the coke tasted watered down.Everything was served promptly and my service was good, the decor is cool definitely a good sports bar with TV's everywhere you look.I will say that the food was OK, but afterwords my stomach hurt for several hours afterwords, the fries and mushrooms were really greasy so not sure if it was the grease or something else, but I would say that I would probably not eat here again if I had a choice.
5	Wings are good, Pizza's good, beer is cheap...and good, and the waitors/waitresses are fun and helpful and very nice.  PLUS football season is my fav. and it's the best place to be for it.  LOVE this place.
1	If you get really excited while watching football then I suggest not coming here to watch your favorite team. I came here one Sunday afternoon for some wings, a beer, and my favorite team and ended up getting in trouble for throwing an "fbomb". LAME. I was throwing obscenities within my own table.. but my bad, that's not allowed at a "family place". Note to parents: if you're bringing your child to a sports bar on a Sunday filled with grown men and alcohol, expect the worst. I went to a NNY in Anthem and loved it. People yell and scream (yeah even bad words =X) and no one gets in trouble. That's the way sports are meant to be watched! BTW, I know 2 people who got food poisoning from their greasy wings. Enough said.
3	Alright, I see a lot of crummy reviews here and I have one thing to say...you really have to know what to come here for, and that is for the wing special. I'm talkin' Tuesdays and Thursdays, getting your butt there semi early and eating wings for cheap. This is yet again one of those places that does one thing well, and when exploited properly, will leave you with nothing to really complain about. The best wings in the house have to be the hot, teriyaki and the suicide wings. I've very rarely had a bad experience with the food, but I will agree that the service can be meh at times, but that's probably because the place is packed with loud and obnoxious college kids most nights. So, if you want a cold beer and some great wings for cheap, Native might be a spot for you on a Tuesday or Thursday night. If you're expecting fine New York dining, you probably want to look elsewhere.
4	If we ever want wings we come to Native New Yorker.  Yes there are other places that make them, but we live close by and we like them.  This place had tons and tons of tv's and tons of seating indoors and outdoors.  We've never had a problem with our orders etc.  I always order the Hot wings and Honey Hot.  Tuesdays they offer cheaper wings and i will definitely be a regular here.
5	Excellent wings. I realized how much I miss this place when I ate horrible chicken wings in San Jose. It gets crowded Tuesday and Thursday because of special deal on wings, but definetly worth it. They do not have any Native NewYorker in CA :(
3	Wings! You can get them any way ya like and order more on wing Tuesday!!  I like the honey bbq and the pinapple teriyaki.  YUMMY.  Some co workers and I hit this place last Tuesday.  We had 5 in our party and we were seated right away.  Service was good, drinks were refilled, and the bill was brought promptly.  Thats great during lunch hour because time is of the essence to get back to work.  The interior could use a little sprucing up at this site but it's fine for lunch or a quick bite.  Probably a hopping place during football season too.
3	this is my original native.  it may be THE original native, but it's close to me so it's mine. anyway.  i love the relaxed vibe the constant stream of sport themed television, and of course the food and drink.  great flavors on the wings, i try them all.  .39 tues. and thurs. wings.  i like the strippers (boneless wings fyi) by the pound, or half pound.  you can get rowdy outside on the smokers patio.... or relax with the eclectic  vibe of the patrons inside.  sometimes parking can be @ a premium but you can always just park across the street and walk over.  all in all, native is a great place to hang out...drink a few adult beverages and dive into some tasty wings (or strippers) ....
3	Not a bad place, really...just know what to expect.  Stick to the wings, not much else seems to be all that great.  The beef on weck is the best thing I've had here, next to the wings.  Though, they do have Kiltlifter on tap, TVs everywhere, and the kitchen is open until 2am, which gives me a reason to come back.  A great place to go and catch a game though, because if it's televised, they'll be showing it!
4	I've been to a couple Native locations before, and I've got to say: the Tempe location in particular is so DARK. Seriously, it makes it hard to read the menu and to see the faces of the people you're with. It doesn't feel as warm as the ones in Ahwatukee (to me, anyway), but it's clean, which is always important to me.That said, you can't go wrong with the wings. I've had other items from the menu before (pizza, burgers, etc) and they're nothing exceptional. But if I'm in the mood for wings, Native is my go-to place. I just wish that they still provided moist towelettes for my saucy post-wing fingers...Technically, I would give this particular location a 3.5, but half stars aren't allowed so I rounded up. For the record, I'd give the Ahwatukee locations 4 for better atmosphere.
5	Best wings anywhere, hands down.
1	What a terrible experience.When my friend and I first arrived, the hostess tried to seat us outside RIGHT between two large and very loud ten tops, when the entire other side of the patio was open tables... When we asked to sit to at the other table, I jokingly asked if our new server was terrible. Bad move on my part because then the hostess openly and unprofessionally shared all her negative opions about our new waitress jazlynn. Unfortunately she lived up to her reputation and was rude,  inattentive, and seemed annoyed at simple requests like refills of empty glasses.Beer was warm. Food was slow. Service was terrible. Sure it was a Thursday night, and it was busy, but come on! really disappointing.
4	I finally checked this place out for the first time this week. My friend and I were looking for a place to watch the Sharks game and I always wanted to try Native so we came here. It was decently busy because it was a Friday night. We sat at the bar in the outside patio area. The bartender was busy but super friendly and turned on the game. He was even nice enough to turn the volume on even though I was the only one there watching that game. We managed to get there for happy hour which was pretty good. $2.50 and $3 beers, appetizers for $4, as well as long islands and some other drinks for pretty cheap. The thing that will keep me coming back is the $2.50 Coronas and Pacificos, which are served all day everyday. The food was pretty generic. The buffalo chips were disappointing as was the artichoke dip and the tailgater sandwich. The strippers (or whatever the heck they are called) and my greek salad were were pretty good though. When its hot, the misters make the outside patio so nice. I will come here again to watch a game, drink too many Coronas, and pig out on wings, but pretty much for that reason only.
3	Known for there wings. Good ones, meaty and hot. Bleu cheese on request. Not a lot of parking when really busy.
3	Fantastic wings! They probably have some other stuff too but it isn't any good. And the place was significantly better before the renovation... it used to look like a sports bar that served delicious wings, now it looks like a family restaurant that bought out a TV repair shop and thinks it has a full menu but only really does wings well. But hey, wings!
2	As an ACTUAL native New Yorker, this place is a real disappointment. Breaded wings? Ranch with the wings (not offered the choice)? Blue cheese from a jar with no chunks and that xanthum gum shine on top? The owners might have once been from Buffalo, but boy have they pulled up those roots. I will say the wing sauces and pizza were decent and the restaurant was clean. The manager however took the time to explain his Sinus infection to guests in the rest room...really dude? Come on!If I was in a group and everyone wanted to go...I would. I might however bring my own Blue Cheese.
2	Took 20 mins to get an appetizer... then the waiter brought me a bud light when I asked twice for a Budweiser... salsa taste like water and they're nachos were regular cheese half ass melted on chips... this place blows...
1	They always have had bad service, but the wings always made up for it.  But now the wings are average at best. Today was the last time for me.
3	1. The place for wings in Tempe.2. Wings not as big and not served as hot as ahwatukee location.3. Plenty of TVs with sports, good service.
4	Great variety of wing flavors. Fun sports bar atmosphere. Covered outdoor seating area with TVs. Close to ASU and seems to be popular with the students. Staff is friendly and helpful. The bartenders were great. Good at recommending drink options. Carry out was convenient and quick. A great place to eat some wings and watch the game.
3	Friendly staff ,good appetizers. Pizza was thinner than I like. Little pricey for quality of good.,
4	Always packed on wing night, which can sometimes make for slow service, but that is to be expected. I love their wings, even if they are kind of small, but who can complain for $0.39? Pizza is good too. And the pizza cookie dessert, omg, druelz.
3	A good place to go after work for wings and a drink. It's a typical sports bar but they have some great deals on wings and lots of flavors as well. Their menu really has something for everyone from pasta to burgers to pizza---lots of choices. The service was slacking a bit...my friend asked for a certain type of beer and the server had to go ask if they carried it which they did. She also took quite a while to take our order in the first place. Maybe she was new, who knows. The overall verdict on the food was good although their "spiciest" wings weren't really too spicy at all, very upsetting!
1	Got my to go order back to my office and realized they shorted me half my order. Called and the little girl who answered wanted to argue and talk over me.  Told me there was nothing she could do.  I wouldn't go back if the food was free.
3	Amazing honey hot wings! Not easy to eat when the restaraunt is just as hot as the wings.... miserable! Not sure if it was the volume of people present or if the A/C was down. Ick.
4	Good wing deals on wing night which is a plus.  Nice variety of sauces, and you can combine them which is nice.  Good amount of TV's for the games.  Service is spectacular.  However, if you are a non smoker and go there after 9pm'ish when the bar inside closes, you have to sit outside in the smoking gallery.  This peeves me, particularly if you have trashy loud obnoxious people sitting right behind you.  The smoke would be much less offensive if it were an open area, but it's roofed so it just lingers.  Grrr.
4	Meh on the atmosphere.WHOA to the food.Went here on a Saturday night with a friend to grab some grub before going out. It was a nice night so I opted for outdoor seating. I did this after seeing the interior of the place. Per the name, I expected to see a place decked out in New York memroblia, photos, newspapers, jerseys, etc. but sadly it looked the inside of a Pizza Hut. Nothing exciting on the walls, just booths and tables. Although the space was big and the bar looked pretty stacked, I wasn't impressed with the inside.On the back patio, which had iron tables and chairs with a bar playing the Giants game (there's the festivness I was looking for) we ordered a side of Honey BBQ and spicy honey mustard boneless wings. OH SWEET MERCY, they were good. I love me some boneless wings and they were killer. I drank the kool aid and I am now a believer of why this place is proud of their wings.For dinner I ordered the California Clucker. Chibata bread, grilled chicken, bacon, a mayo of types, and avacado. Served with wide-cut steak fries, it was delish. THe bacon was a little too crispy for me, but the avacado was just smushy enough. I couldn't finish and saved half for a late night snack. Even hours later I was 100& satisfied. I'd go back here on a wing special night and just eat my little heart out.
4	This place is good and it has been here for a really long time. Wings are very good. But, the other foodis, ahh so so.Our server was really good. She brought us everything we needed very quickly.We ordered from the 3 for $20.00 menu. THen ordered wings as an additional item. Our appitezer was very good, though way too much ranch. It was flatbread, more like a lavosh cracker with with cheese and bacon on it. Not bad!Our meals were The Chicken Pot Pie, tasted like something you would get on the plane. The 2nd item was spicy fish sliders. Tasted very much like frozen breaded fish, with lots of tarter sause on cheap white bread. Hey that is what most people like.Our drinks were good as well as the wings. Good staff, nice clean bathrooms.Parking is wicked and not in a good way.
4	Long waits but great food!
4	Native New Yorker knows their wings!  I would only come here for the wings, and the wings are why I come here.  That, and it's a decent place to sit and hang out with some friends, and maybe watch a game (or 7).The best part about the wings are all the flavor options.  You don't have to get full orders of one flavor, so I tend to mix and match.  I love the pineapple teriyaki and honey bbq, and the asian garlic ones are pretty good added in for interest.  I'm sure the spicy varieties are great, but unfortunately, I am a wimp.  The celery sticks are even good, none of that not-yet-ripe, inch-long, only-2-pieces business.  I haven't tried any of the other food... I haven't felt the need to do so yet.  There's a patio if the weather permits.  It has its own bar and some TVs, so it's nice if you're there for the sports.  Inside, there are more than enough TVs to scream at.I shouldn't have written this review so early, I'm going to be daydreaming about chicken wings all day!
3	Fairly good service, excellent wings as usual, and a decent selection of brew. All in all not the best location, but still pretty good.
3	Went over here to eat some lunch and watch some NCAA tournament games. They have three TV's off to one side of the bar including a pretty large set. The other two are smaller at the bar, but all the games I needed to watch were on the tube and they switched stations for me on request. As for the food, well I can only review the endless soup and salad deal for $6.79. The salad was pretty basic, but had mozzarella cheese on top and the balsamic vinagerette was the better dressing choice than the mango citrus concoction on salad number one. The soups on this day were hit and miss too. For some reason, the onion soup worked well even though it involved croutons and probably a slice of white cheese melted on top. The Friday clam chowder didn't have many moments as it was a bit watery and lacking enough potatoes and clams to be a real chowder. Parking lot was crowded also, but bar didn't start to fill up til about 3pm as I was leaving. Nice bartender as well.
5	Let me tell you, Native New Yorker is a fine place to eat some good food.  We used to go to the one that is in Chandler on Ray road.  That one started off great but as time went on (a year), we started to notice that the portions were getting skimpy.  Jaded by this, we started going to this location (Broadway).  This one is what they call a corporate location.  Meaning, not a franchise.  This is good because somehow they have better service, better food, & better portions.  Their employees are good at what they do.  I need to point out two people there.  "Chester" or his real name is Shay, is a great guy.  He knows how to be a great waiter to have.  When he started being a cook, we were sad he wasn't waiting on us anymore!  The reason I call him Chester is he looks like the front man from Linkin Park.  It's okay, cause now we have Alex.  Alex is the man!  Once you get him you'll never want to switch.To be continued....
2	Big problem when you have a restaurant called Native New Yorker and your manager on duty that night is sporting a full-on tattoo of Fenway Park. New Yorkers and Bostonians do not mix and I know many NY people who won't patronize any places owned or operated by scummy Red Sox fans. Thought I was safe at a place with NY in it's moniker, but apparently at NNY, they allow managers with large exposed tattoos to work there and flaunt the fact openly. "I wear it proudly" he said. Well, dude wear a long sleeve shirt and wear it proud when your out of a New York restaurant.     Kudos to the $10 free birthday coupon which got me some good Chicken strippers with Mandarin orange sauce (mild kick) and good steak fries and fresh slaw. Bartender was nice guy too and manager was normal when I asked about the irony of his tattoo, but it needs to be covered at all times while he is there. Let's go Yankees.
4	super chill place with so many yummy wings!! They have so many different types that I get to pig out on. Keep up the good work!
3	Liked the layout inside, waitress was awesome and friendly...liked to joke around.  Wings were pretty disappointing...they are heavily dressed with sauce and a bit undercooked.  I'd go back to request those two changes and see how they come out cuz I did like the taste of the sauce and they were meaty.
2	I have been here 4 times. The first time was great! The wait staff was friendly and the wings were great. However, the three times after that I had horrible wait staff, was ignored by the manager, and the food was lacking at best.
3	It is the closest sports bar, so when playoff time rolls around I have to get my fix. But wait, I'm a Red Sox fan. Whatever, I went in anyways not really caring for rivalries. I didn't notice an overwhelming New York vibe or anything, just a table full of hooligans in the booth next to us. I was somewhat amused by the company logo upon looking at the menu. Expecting a gangster Yankee theme, it was humbly a chicken riding a buffalo.Our server was extremely pleasant, although perhaps had her hands full with the table next to us. My beer ran out and sat there arid for some time, whether that means I have a problem or not it was still a slight buzz kill. I began with 6 Wings and then dived into a Skyscraper Burger- which was absolutely delicious! Being one of the largest items on the menu I had to tackle it due to the nature of my appetite. Although pricey, the Burger is probably worth it and the wings were solid. Massive TV's are everywhere, and it is a very comfortable setting... I liked it and will probably go in again for the upcoming season.
4	It's funny that I choose this place to be the first place I review. This is actually the place I had my first date with the guy I'm with now. We both ordered the Club sandwich and sat on the patio. It was hot that day, and I was very new to Phoenix, I actually wasn't living here yet. Anyway we sat on the patio and it was nice, a couple of drunk people (a man and a woman) started to get into it. He called her a horrible name and she got very upset. The manager came out very fast and handled it and then came to use and offered us a round on the house for the situation. HE DIDN'T have to do that but he did, and it was awesome. I have been a fan of this place ever since, I love this particular location it's always nice and lively and the food is always good. We have even gotten a few other people on the place. Oh and they serve one of the Best "Sex On The Beaches" I have ever had. So I mostly come here for drinks, but what's better than good drinks and good food with baseball on the TV? All in all I love this place, would give it a five star but the location on Bell is horrible so that effects how I rate them in general.
1	So disappointed!! The wings there are now BREADED! I'm from NY originally and wings are not supposed to be breaded. I really hope they change back to how they used to be or I will not be going there again. Extremely upset!
4	Great place to watch a game. The food is good and the beer prices make my husband happy. We like to share the two for $20 meal deal!
3	I've come to this Native New Yorker for a few years now and I must say, the wings taste better and better every time I come. The wings are so moist and tender that it falls right off the bone. I love the asiago and honey hot, those are my must have wings when we're here and the spinach artichoke dip is by far the best I've ever had.  Customer service has always been either horrible or just plain "ok". I've never had stellar customer service here, but we continue to come because of the food.
3	I love their wings and my family likes to go there from time to time. But if you want to be able to have a conversation with your family and they sit you by a family that allows their kids to act like it's a playground don't count on it. We asked just to switch tables because we realized it was quieter but they insisted it there were no other seats because it being Sunday football but those there for the sports didn't bother us. They took long to bring out the pizza too.  On our way out the manager says Sorry about the noise but its Sunday football. Smh! Maybe we'll just order to go from now on.
2	Happy Hour Beer and Wings only people! Ordered a pizza from them for the 1st time tonight. Had company coming over and needed a Vegetarian Pizza. Wifey said I couldn't go with Papa Johns or Pizza Hut. I considered Oregano's, Nellos which I have had before and enjoyed but stupid me decided to try a new place when company was coming over. Ordered an 18"  Veggie/Feta special. BLAH. The crust tasted and had the texture of day old bread and the toppings were not done well at all. At close to $25 this was a HUGE disapointment. I will go back for Happy Hour beer and wings but would NEVER order another pizza from NNY.
3	Good wings. Good Service.
5	Top notch wings.Came here looking for some good wings and left full and happy with money well spent.We came on a Tuesday and it was packed.  It would seem $0.55 wings really brings people to the yard. We started off with some yummy loaded fries that his the pre meal spot that was just the perfect thing to start the night.. Then the wings which were delish. With flavors like Strawberry and Buffalo, it was a taste medley in my mouth.So many things on the menu we shall return to try other things this yummy spot has to offer.
4	Very good wings, and quite cheap. Pretty good service but sometimes can slack. Overall good place. Come back here almost every Thursday.
2	I like interior here, good service , sports programs. But I was disappointed with wings and cold coffe.
2	Native New Yorker seemed like a place that would have awesome pizza.  We had pizza, wings, salad, and some beer.  The best part of the meal was actually the salad.  The pizza tasted fairly plan and very greasy.
1	I went to native with my girl last week and the whole menu has been updated. Now we just thought that they revamped the menu some and ordered wings like we always do. After the wings came out they were different than they usually are and we were not impressed shortly after we started eating the manager came over and asked that's how we liked it. space was a change and they are now serving partially cooked frozen wings that they basically just warm up. Are you serious native New Yorker, I paid $50 for 2 drinks 30 wings and veggies sticks including the tip. So basically $50 for frozen chicken that you could buy at the grocery store for probably 8 bucks and two dollars worth in bed the sticks that's unreal. And how would a wing place so you breaded frozen chicken. Its sad I've been coming to this location for probably 25 years but never again
2	I've grown up in AZ and remember coming to Native New Yorker for a long time. There wings were always top notch and the tastiest around. Recently, it seems like they changed the recipe for the wings and they are no longer as good. It's almost like there is too much breading on them. The place is still a decent neighborhood joint but I think the quality of the food has dropped over the years.
4	Yummy wings and pizza for a good price. Our waiter was super nice and friendly. Good spot to watch sports and have pizza!
3	You will 100% regret ordering the buffalo ranch dry rub wings.Besides those gnarly things the rest are pretty good.
3	Julie was probably the best part of this experience. She was the super duper friendly bartender chatting me up and explaining all the specials and items on the menu. Nothing has really changed since they changed the name, but at least they are still giving free entrees on your birthday.  Oh wait..they claim to have new super crunchy fries now, but I would say super salty is a better description.  Not crunchy either. The philly at 8.99 was decent, it had mozzarella cheese and the menu said ribeye..but not quite convinced. The big excitement for me was a fly landing on half my sandwich for over the two second fly limit. They were nice and re - made the other half. Go for Julie and tip her well...she deserves it.
5	I had such a great experience at Native, it was a little surprising. I went here with a couple of friends to watch a World Cup semifinal match and we received excellent customer service on top of a great lunchtime deal. First about the deal - when you buy a drink, wings were only 35 cents from opening to close. My total lunch bill was like $8 and I was STUFFED. How can they afford to sell at prices so low?!Now about the service - our waitress Rachel was the best waitress ever. She checked in frequently, made sure we were able to take advantage of ever deal available, anticipated when we would be needing a refill, and made sure we wanted for nothing. It was amazing customer service. I wish I could give her 5 stars!In summary: great food, deal, and staff. What's not to love?
2	I'm always disappointed when we come here I don't know why we keep trying. Just get takeout. I paid early to be able to leave with my toddler if I need too. They took my money and never came back. No drinks ignored my request for napkins. Asked for a booth the host brought me to a table.
2	I've unfortunately been here 3 times because I live within walking distance.  Don't remember what I got the first time but it sucked - the second time I got nachos- HOW CAN YOU MESS UP NACHOS?  I don't know, but the native New Yorker knows. This time we came for wing night.  My husband liked it which is why I gave it an extra star.  Buffalo wings were okay, honey bbq wings were okay, buffalo ranch wings were the absolute worst thing I've ever eaten at a restaurant.  Tasted like salt and nothing else. My husbands beer was flat and he ended up giving it to the people next to us. Water was warm.  Restaurant was very hot. Service was not bad.   They replaced our wings when we told them it was inedible.  The waitress said she knows they're not good but a lot of people like them.  This information would've been useful YESTERDAY!  Also, two dozen wings come with the smallest saddest celery sticks ever and no carrots
2	Two stars, why? Because the service is a hit or a miss. My first visit, the servers were very attentive. Second time  around, I sat at the bar, and the service was horrible.Bartender  disappeared for a awhile, and never really checked on me.To add, it was very hot inside, which made my visit worse.I might give them another chance, hoping  my experience wasn't like the previous.
4	Great place - the wings are awesome - recommend the original style wings in original and honey hot flavors.  Avoid the boneless wings - gross!
1	The food here is awful, if your going for drinks, great idea! Wings are nothing special but it is hard to find a good wing being super picky, the pizza was so bland, no taste, super thin crust with burnt toppings! Do not waste your money on the food! Did like how they had every game but overall I would not recommend it and will not be back to this place!
4	Love this place my favorite is an order of a half pound of hot boneless wings and a side of fries! Although the service could use a little improvement the food is amazing!
3	At first service wasn't great but gradually got better, I ordered the wings honey hot and pineapple teriyaki which were both delicious ! Overall was good will come again.
5	Awesome wings for. 49 cts, if you love hot and spicy, go for Suicide wings. Great beer selection bottle and tap, and specials with a super fun atmosphere, highly recommend this location!
1	Service  was good but order a strawberry Daqari that tasted terrible  sent it back.  I'm sorry but for a place that specializes in wings I felt like I just went to Walmart and bought Tyson wings and heated them  up in the microwave . I won't be eating  here ever again.
5	Some of the best wings in town.   I have been to a few of their locations and this is the best one.   Great service.   Food almost always arrives quickly even when the place is packed.
3	Unfortunately, this place barely gets three stars now.  The good:-Wings.  They have always been good, and are still excellent.  Great special (49 cents per wing) on Sundays during football.  -Smoking area.  Although I quit years ago, this place has an awesome patio/bar area for smokers.  Climate controlled (misters and heat lamps) for summer/winter and new TVs, which are great for watching sports.The bad:-Management sucks.  The service is chaotic on NFL Sundays, and I asked one of the managers walking by for a napkin, since the food runner didn't bring me one with my wings.  The manager with slicked back hair and the tatts on his forearms blew me off.  My waitress was overworked, but cool.  The staff has to wear these lame jerseys now, which gives this place a more corporate feel, similar to BWW.-Prices.  They have gone up significantly.  Better values at many other places in Tempe.  The rest of the food is mediocre.  -No more trivia.  They quit providing video trivia/poker.  Might as well go to BWW if you are looking for a wing joint that has trivia/poker.  We used to play poker at Native in groups out on the patio, but no longer.
4	Great spot to watch sports with tons of giant tvs everywhere. The wings are a little small for my liking but you can order them in any quantity and they have a great variety of flavors to choose from. The other main dishes are what you expect, not out of the park but not disappointing either. The menu has a good variety of different dishes to choose from, so you can usually find something to hit the spot. Staff are always friendly and accommodating. Parking can get tough when there is a big game, so be prepared to park across or down the street and walk a bit. Not a big deal just try and avoid the dumpsters, they can be gag inducingly bad.
