4	Good food, good service and a nice location. The beer cheese soup was awesome.  The burger and sandwiches were good, but needed more seasoning.
4	This place rocks! They have a creative menu with delicious and fun items -- think lobster mac,crab cakes, bison meatloaf, andouille sausage sliders, tapas, lots of salads, steaks and a lot more. Everything I've had is prepared with quality and finesse that is a big step above your typical bar food.VERY friendly and helpful staff and a comfortable bar atmosphere. Just a block away from The Hilton Garden Inn makes this place perfect for a business traveler like me.
5	Okay, seriously, this place...  Caught up with my husband and daughter there, nearly done eating.  Ordered a crab cake, and commenced to pick at their leftovers while I waited.  Amazing-delicious.  Both husband and daughter had the fillet mignon salad -- melt in your mouth fillet  The prices were really, really reasonable -- fillet salad was $13.  Unfortunately missed most of a slider trio they'd already devoured.  I got a bit of an andouille slider but didn't care for it -- but I'm not a huge fan of andoullie  But then my daughter gave me half her fillet slider, which was too  rare for her.  Score!.  When the crab cake arrived it was so freaking good -- filled with lump crab, topped with some kind of maybe asian slaw, on a -- for lack of a better word -- "smear" of wasabi dressing.  I'm picky about my crab cakes -- this probably was the best I've had.  If not, it's one of my top two.  (Other is at The Pharmacy in Southport NC)  If you are in the Charlotte area, run, don't  walk.  It's actually in a new, very large town center kind of condo-retail-entertainment development called Ayrsley, which, at this writing, was mostly vacant, giving it the feel of a studio lot... or a town where something's gone very, very wrong...
4	Nice place.  You'd expect to find the 20 to 50-something white collar crowd at this place.Went here on a Tuesday night for an early dinner (6pm) and found the staff very friendly and attentive.  I actually sat at the bar but did order any drinks, just dinner.  I did however look at the wine list and found around 15 bottles each of whites and reds, primarily California, 3x pricing with most expensive bottle around $45-$50.Dinner: I tried their Chilled Sesame Noodles small plate, then I had the Seared Salmon encrusted with Panko and Dijon large plate.  The small plate was pretty good.  It came with julienne carrots and zucchini.  The Salmon was good but by the end was too rich as I could also taste plenty of butter.  Honestly, what I liked most were the spinach polenta cakes which came with the Salmon.  Harry, the owner (very friendly guy) came by a few times to check on me and asked me is I was enjoying the meal.  I commented on the how good the polenta cakes were and he told me they made the polenta in-house and fresh daily so it explained why it was so tasty - but this too was a little rich.I almost dropped the rating down to 3 stars due to how rich the large plate meal was, especially since normally Salmon is typically a healthy meal, bur since the polenta was so darn good and the Salmon overall was also good I just can't penalize them to 3 stars for such a good meal.
4	Fat G. coming from Ayrsley. Having got off the plane in Charlotte and looking for a place to eat in town, we came across a place that looked nice and different and was actually open Sunday night.Harry's is a combination bar/restaurant in the town of Ayrsley. Surrounding the area are trees, small office buildings and the highway, along with some local businesses and such. When you go in, there is someone to greet you. Directly in front of you is the bar along with some small seating on the left. On the right are some booths and tables for larger parties.They have a small menu for food, but a larger menu for drinks and cocktails. I ended up ordering their burger of the day, which came with fries and one other side that I can't remember right now. The burger was big and satisfying and so were the fries, albeit a bit salty.What surprised me was the cleanliness and the amount of service they gave us. The server checked in on us multiple times and so did the manager. I wasn't quite sure what to make of it, but in light of this review, I would consider it a positive aspect to mention.I wish I were able to review other food spots in the area, but even considering this was our only place that we went to eat out, it was a good choice. The place is good for watching the game, or hanging out with people.
4	Stopped in here for a snack after seeing the Avengers. I wasn't too terribly hungry but my friends wanted to swing by so we did. While I did not order anything, I got to taste the hummus & pita bread.  YUM! It was fresh and very flavorful a perfect snack. Service was great! I wish I was hungry so I could have tried their dinner! Oh well.  If you are staying in the Homewood Suites near Aysley, this place is within walking distance.
5	We are thrilled that Ayrsley finally has a place where we can consider ourselves to be "regulars".  This is definitely NOT just another bar.  The atmosphere is modern and classy.  The attention they pay to detail is evident in the preparation of the food.  There are some creative and eclectic small plate items on the menu as well as entree options.  Several varieties of burgers are available including a burger of the day.  I have tried several of them and have been blown away each time.  There are a number of local craft beers on draft as well which I really appreciate as a fan of the local beer scene.  This place is truly a great addition to the neighborhood and is highly recommended for anyone who likes high quality food in a comfortable and trendy environment.
3	Can you have too much customer service?  Jeff - the manager? - visited our table THREE times to thoroughly review the entire menu, ask how we heard about them, ask if we liked the restaurant, ask if we would come back, etc.  It was pretty intense!  We got the burger and the grilled chicken entree, and they were fine, but the tables felt really close together.  Based on all the fantastic reviews, maybe my expectations were too high, but I doubt we'll be back anytime soon.
4	Three of us had dinner at Harry's last night - first visit since it took over the Red Lion space.  The decor and furniture are pretty much the same as before, but the food is (thankfully) not.Surprisingly varied menu with good choices for vegetarians and meat-eaters.  Restaurant was very busy and a little loud so we sat in the bar.  Good, fast service for drinks and apps but waited a long time (30 minutes after apps) for our entrees and then one specially requested option was not included.  When the food did arrive it was very good and had just been prepared.  My Thai noodles were appropriately  cool and tasty, and the guy's burgers and fries were also great.  The manager came by and comped one entree, which was not necessary.  She explained that they were the busiest they had been and were working hard to keep up.  Very professional and courteous service - as others have said, we need a place like this, glad it's here!
5	This was my first visit to Harry's.  The manager told us they have only been open about 3 months.  I can tell you that if they keep serving food as good as it was today, they will get very popular.  I had one of the best burgers I've had in a long time.  Cooked perfectly and not just thrown together.  I had the regular french fries which were good, but my wife had the sweet potato fries which were the best I've ever tasted. We were ther on Sunday for lunch and didn't have any drinks but it looks like they have some great specials.  I will be going back!!
4	Had Dinner there the other night. It was a very good meal and attentive service. I had the filet sandwich that was prepared perfect. 1.50 domestics on Monday made it a good deal. They also had a ton of beers on tap as well.  My gal had the tuxedo cheesecake, it was awesome. Bar was busy but not overcrowded. Good place for drinks or quiet dinner. Hope to see y'all there sometime.Cheers!
4	Great prices. Good food. Generous portions. Friendly Service. Mediocre atmosphere/ambiance. Would definitely return.
4	Great burgers and beer.  Sweet potato fries were great.  Salad was wonderful.  I'll be back.  Nuff said.
4	So this place is now Harry's. Before it was Red Lion a little while back. The place is the same inside, which is fine, because I liked it before. Nice, dark wood and a welcoming interior. It has a little couch/lounge area down the steps away from the bar (but it is still inside). They may get more people there if they had a larger outside patio. The beer and full bar have good selection. Our server made us a Hurricane and she did not use a mix, which I really like. I dont like the fake syrup stuff. It was just rums and juices. Good stuff! I ordered the lobster roll, which had great flavor and a Nova's bakery roll, but too much mayo. Nice place to grab a drink and catch up with friends.
5	My kids and I wandered into Harry's on a Saturday afternoon hungry, hot and hoping to find a Nebraska game on.  We had walked out of BT's in Rivergate because the line was out the door.  I needed a hot burger, a cold beer and a side of sweet potato fries STAT!WOW!!!! My blue cheese hamburger and sweet potato fries were spectacular!! I enjoyed a Triple C smoked amber served in a frosty glass while the NE game played on EVERY television. I had asked our server to please switch it to the game.  Go Big Red!The servers were friendly and attentive. The restaurant was clean, cool and empty!!! The televisions were clear and plentiful.  They had a variety of ales and lagers with some unique brews. They even had OMB on tap! The prices were fair and the food was excellent!!So where was (is) everybody??  This place should have a line out the door!! I have been back three times since our first visit and have experienced the same level of service. The food continues to be amazing! The place is clean and cool with a cozy ambiance. My daughter had a big, delicious oriental salad with lots of goodies on it. My husband (the picky eater) had the pesto burger (special) and raved about it for days.  The fries are thick and crispy. The tomatoes slices were huge. Even the pickles were fantastic. Everything just tastes fresh and good.I eat out OFTEN and am hard pressed to give a Yelp review unless a place knocks my socks off!!!  I give Harry's 5 stars because after 4 visits this place has yet to disappoint!! PS. I was fortunate to experience the Double Decker Pumpkin desert last Saturday. This is Harry's pumpkin cheesecake with (made from scratch) pumpkin cake and cinnamon Mascarpone mousse, then topped with a caramel glaze. This sensational seasonal desert is reason enough to stop by Harry's!!
3	The club sandwich I had was decent. It's one of those "we put a spin on it" deals, part of which I liked (the bread: hoagie in lieu of the usual tri-level) and not so much (the lettuce: something "fancy" and tangy where I prefer iceberg's crunch). The fries were good -- not too thin or too thick -- and they were served fresh and hot. The service was friendly, but we waited a while on refills. I would return, possibly to try a burger.
4	Went there last night and had the meatloaf.it was very good. The service was good and the staff was very friendly and engaging.
3	It was just so so.  However, I would go again!
2	Don't use your open table app for this place because you won't get your points.  They didnt understand the system to show that I had checked in.  Neat.Scallops were small and tasted fishy.  Bartender was great.  Drinks were cold and plentiful.  Hostess was a dumb-dumb.
2	We tried Harry's again since we had a Living Social deal.  I really wanted to like it, but it seems to be suffering from an identity crisis.  Is it a restaurant with fine wines, brie and mango chutney appetizers and $27 surf and turf, or is it a bar with $5 Whiskey Wednesdays and "pre-made" flatbreads?  Unfortunately, it's both, and the two don't gel.The fella made a wiser decision than me and got the meatloaf, which had an almost smoky, barbecue flavor to it.  The side of Brussels sprouts were solid - a little garlic and lemon provided a nice flavor - but they're generally pretty hard to mess up.  I got the chicken flatbread and asked the waiter to leave off the tomatoes.  He very nicely said he'd see if they could do that since the flatbreads are pre-made.  Um, 'scuse me?  He checked with the kitchen and said they could do it.  Unfortunately, it tasted like it was straight out of a Stouffer's box; the crust was way too thick and doughy, and the toppings were bland.Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice, Harry's, shame on me.
4	Four star meal. If there were halves, it would be four and a half.Classic bar/tavern set up with lots of dark wood and paneling that suggests age and sophistication. Mrs. K and I settled into the restaurant side of the place and started off with an order of the grilled mushrooms while we reviewed the drink menu. My first choice of beer was out of stock, but the waiter brought me a different one and said it was on the house. Sadly, I didn't care for it (I just don't like stouts) and he brought me something else.Once we were noshing into the mushrooms, we put in our order for dinner. It was the burger for me (I seem to have a burger fixation lately) with bacon and cheddar and sweet potato fries. Mrs opted for the beef medallions, which arrived with a good pile of steamed broccoli and extremely garlicy mashed potatoes.As tempting as it would have been to have dessert, we were both stuffed after our meal.Harry's is located in the Ayrsley center, on the south side past the YMCA. Park on the street if you can find it. I'm not sure if it's cool to park in the movie theater lot.Service? Good. Food? Good. Location? Hard to find, but good.
4	We always arrive in Charlotte just in time for a late dinner.  As soon as we check in we head to Harry's.  Perfect bar food, but well above average.  I got the special beef hamburger with bacon (can't get menu to come up online atm so I don't have the exact name), but it was amazing.  You could tell the quality of the meat, and they are more than generous with nice crispy bacon (I hate it when it's soggy!)  The fries are amazing (some you try, and some you try to finish...these definitely fell into want to eat them all category!).  Everything we ordered was good and satisfied 2 kids and 2 adults.  Great bar spot for adults, and separate dining area friendly to kids.  Definitely recommend.
4	We went here on a Sunday evening with a Living Social deal.  There were not many people in the restaurant so, it was nice and quiet with great service!We got the bacon wrapped ribeye and chicken risotto.  Both were excellent and had wonderful flavor!  The mashed potatoes with the ribeye were awesome!  We also got the chocolate cake cheesecake - can't remember the name of it, but it was fabulous!I'm not sure if we will be back without another deal since it can get a little pricey and it is out of the way, but it was a great meal!
1	Went to Harry's again tonight and got the exact same service as before. Had to sit and wait forever then finally flagged someone down to even acknowledge us and give us menus. Again, the forgot the avocado on my burger (the key ingredient) and again never offered a refill on my water. I am so done with this place! Not worth the price especially to receive poor service.
3	Service is okay. Food flavors in foods, but mediocre execution. Gordon Ramsay would be pissed, because the risotto was undercooked. The atmosphere and marketing is better than the food and service. I would consider it a good dinner if the meals were $5-10 less.
4	Harry's is a hidden jewel in the Ayrsley Town Center .  Wonderful setting...Great food..  Perfect for me in that its walking distance....
5	Not sure why it's taken me so long to write this review but I've been here 8 or 9 times. This place is a hidden winner (I'm not big on giving out 5 stars) and here's why:1st the food is amazing - I haven't eaten anything here I regretted ordering. I always leave full and happy. I struggle to decide what to have because the menu items are all so good.2nd The wine list is solid.3rd they have great local beers on tap - and it's a pretty big selection.4th The price is reasonable - standard bar pricing for above standard everything.5th The service - by the 2nd or 3rd visit the bartenders know you. They are friendly and attentive. It feels like you just belong here.I read here that the table service isn't as good - I can't speak for that. I'd recommend the bar/lounge area but thats just me.Thats it go try it.... if you see me, say hello.
4	Good place, quick service.Fried brie was really tasty. Trio of sliders a bit on the dry side, but good overall.
3	This is just an average place thinking it is a lot better than it is.  We were with a group of 15 and while service was competent NO ONE said there meal was great.  In fact everyone said it was just OK and thought was pretty pricey for what they got.  No need to return for a long while
4	We love going to Harry's, whether it be for brunch and bloody Mary's or dinner on Friday nights. The burgers are always a good pick. The menu has a variety of items, including crab cakes, steak, pasta, flatbreads and of course, tons of specialty burgers. You can't go wrong with what you pick. There's usually a drink special going on that accompanies the burger of the day. We enjoy ordering the small plates occasionally, especially the fried brie and pimento cheese! While Harry's looks like your run of the mill bar/tavern from the outside, it will surprise you once you go inside. Recommend sitting in the bar area over the dining area. The staff is friendly and usually very fast with service.
4	Great place! Andrew the bartender was great! Fried Brie was great with presecco! Had bison meatloaf ... Wonderfully flavorable!!!
4	Was here for lunch and I think everyone should visit to try the grown up pimento cheese sandwich.  Delicious.  Also had the cheese and beer soup.   Impressive beer list both bottle and tap.
4	Had a great time here. Beer selection was nice and the food was memorable.
5	Harry's is awesome. The brunch is perfect, the staff is friendly, the location is wonderful. What more could you ask? We go there every weekend.
5	I really enjoyed my dinner here! I liked the atmosphere, our waiter was attentive and my food was on point! I had the Maine Lobster Mac and Cheese, there was soooo much lobster! I tried to evenly distribute it amongst the Mac and cheese and still ended up with just lobster at the end. I would definitely recommend this place to people and would definitely come back! Well done!
3	I've gone here a few times and need to give credit to the consistently friendly and mostly attentive service I've gotten. Decent beer selection great appetizers and flatbreads. Warning though to vegetarians - I asked about chicken stock in the beer cheese soup and the polenta and was told two different things by two different servers! If you're serious about what ingredients go in your food, I'd be wary because I feel like I couldn't get a straight answer.
4	Harry's was a great spot for lunch. They have really fresh food options, friendly-service, and a pleasant atmosphere.I enjoyed the crab-cake sandwich on brioche with sweet potato fries. The fries were perfectly light and crisp. The brioche was super-soft and the apple or pear (can't recall) slaw was a perfect addition to the sandwich. Priced at $13, it was at the top range for a sandwich or buger- most were $8-12 so pretty standard.I have heard from other co-workers that it can get slow- so arrive early if you're eating lunch during the work week.
5	WOW!  I placed a To Go order, but I was told to order their Adult Grilled Cheese sandwich.  I must admit it was not your little kiddie grilled cheese...no way!  First, it's on a French Loaf.  It has pimento cheese, bacon, and a tomato; all grilled to crispy perfection.  I choose to side mine with a side of sweet potato fries.  When I took the first bite I didn't come up for air until everything was gone.  I'm sitting here thinking that I should pick up two more for dinner tonight with me and the bf. I know he'll love this.  If you're in the area stop in and definitely try this Adult Grilled Cheese Sandwich!
4	Harry's continues to impress with friendly service and great food.  It's a little pricey, but worth it.  I feel welcome here.  On my most recent visit it was freezing outside.  What a welcome sight to see Brian's smiling face at the bar, suggesting the perfect wine.  I'm a little old fashioned and also think the bartender's uniforms with dress shirts and suit vests are very classy.I met a couple of friends at the bar for drinks, then we moved to the dining room for a dinner of small plates.  When we requested a warm table away from the door, the host accommodated immediately with a smile.  We experienced great service throughout the meal, with visits from the server at appropriate times and team service to deliver the food so that we all got our dinners in unison.  Ahhhh....how nice. The crab cake is solid.  I'm super-fussy about sub-standard cutting-corners fishy crabmeat in the expensive cakes that many restaurants serve, but Harry's has nailed it with a great recipe - with plenty of lump crab!  I had the small plate with Asian pear slaw, which was a nice accompaniment.  A few of us had salads, and the ingredients (including produce in the middle of winter) are high-quality here.  They don't serve their dressing on the side of salads in a flimsy plastic containers with lids, a terrible practice beginning to settle in at even nicer establishments.One person at our table ordered the lobster mac and cheese, which looked delicious and decadent, and two others enjoyed the night's small plate special, three lamb "lollipops" served with brussels sprouts.  What an excellent selection, and impressive gamble on brussels sprouts (which were excellent!).I certainly hope Harry's keeps it fresh and stays in Ayrsley for a long long time.
5	Wow. Highly impressed with Harry's. The boy and myself stopped in for dinner this past Sunday night. Started with the cheese plate which is four cheeses selected by the chef for the day, meaning the plate could always change offering something new. The app came with sliced apples, bread, pear jam, grapes and walnuts to pair your cheeses with. All quite tasty! I ordered the steak flatbread which was actually sirloin cooked mid rare (upon my request) and topped with blue cheese crumbles and a vinegarette reduction. The flavors mixed absolutely perfectly and the flatbread was topped with plenty of steak, no skimping here. The boy ordered a burger, noted to be a blend of porterhouse and brisket - also a winner! Tasted amazing and we were both highly pleased. We topped off our night with two flights of beer - for $5 you pick 4 - 4 ounce samples. Works for me! The atmosphere was also highly noted! They have several lounge areas where red couches could fit in 6 to 9 people and have TVs around it, perfect for a girls' night out and a chill evening with friends. Harry's has one area more secluded - best for a date night or a dinner with family. And they also have an area separated by a half wall, closer to the bar, if you are looking for more of a lively, bar type night. Loved the set up, the ambiance and especially the food - hate that it took me this long to discover Harry's over in Ayrsley. Already have my eye on the pulled pork bourbon tacos and a cup of the beer cheese soup so we will be returning soon!
4	Round 1 at Harry's was for some appetizers and drinks at the bar.   The bartender was great!   Shared beer cheese soup and tavern pimento cheese.   Tempted by the lobster mac and cheese but not enough room since we had some hh appetizer's at Mac's first.   The pimento cheese and the soup are made in house and both really good.    So we decided to repeat this place breaking our own rules of no repeats in Charlotte while there for 2 weeks on business.  Round 2-Fried brie-with apple compote , mango chuntey and balsamic reduction.   This was a 3 for me.  After having an exceptional blacked brie a few days earlier this seemed more like a dessert to me and less impressive.   For our entrees we both got the same meal.  Harry's surf and turf.  can't beat it for 24.00!  And with 2 sides.   Us both being the carb addicts we are we opted for the roast garlic whipped potatoes and spinach polenta cake.   Both get 5s.    I should know by now i can't get a good crab crab in Charlotte except at Del Friscos but it was worth a shot.   it gets a 3.  The steak had a nice flavor and was cooked correctly-rare.  A little tough but for the price i was okay with it.  No dessert.   I just really like the atmosphere in here.
5	Love it they make a great martini and a manhattan and their bar food is fab... Nice place to meet friends for drinks ...
1	Mediocre food and awful service. Seriously...spend your $ somewhere else. Customer service isn't on the menu here.
4	Bottom-line... Good, albeit, pricey food served up with tasty drinks.Harry's Grille & Tavern in Arsley is a pretty classy joint. They have many styles of seating to choose from. There is a traditional dining area, tavern seating with bar height tables, a lounge area with couches and an outdoor patio. They serve up classed up bar favorites. They always have a special of some sort worth trying. I've enjoyed everything that I've tried. For those didn't know, I'm somewhat of a sweet potato fry connoisseur. Harry's serves some killer sweet potato fries. Up there with my faves in Charlotte. Vanilla battered, thin cut and served perfectly crunchy. I'll ask them to go easy on the salt next time, though. Otherwise, I'll be leaving with hypertension!Their bar serves up some great drinks and the service has always been friendly. They have a brunch menu (served Sat & Sun 11-4)  I'm interested in checking out. Did someone say $10 bottomless mimosas?! Maybe they'll make me a beer-mosa!Housekeeping notes... Plenty of parking. I've never seen it get that busy, but I'm usually there at off times. A great place to grab a drink before/after a movie!
4	I agree with Bruce K.  I would give it 4-1/2 stars if allowed.  It was so good, that we went back the very next night.  The beer flight is great with pretty good selections.  Wait staff was very good.  The hostess gets 5 stars for "creating" a table for us and turning a 45 minute wait into a 5 minute wait.The waitress on the 2nd night was missing in action from time to time and that's what bumped them down.  Steaks were great, winter vegetables and garden salad fantastic.
4	We had a no repeat rule on our business trip, but we liked Harry's so much we broke the rule.  First stop, we shared beer cheese soup which was fantastic, and pimento cheese.  We never had pimento cheese, and expected it to be warm.  It was chilled, but good.  They must  not stock a lot of Moscato because apparently I drank all they had.  We returned for another round a few nights later craving the fried brie.  We had just had the most amazing blackened brie at BlackFinn and thought this would be the same.  It was more like fried cheese donuts, good, but not amazing. They were still out of moscato, so that was disappointing.  We ordered a meal this time, surf and turf.  The steak was cooked perfectly rare, the crab cake was ok but had a lot of filler.  The steak did not melt in our mouth like Def Frisco's but for $24 it was still good.  We had a lot of fun at Harry's and would definitely go back on our next trip.
4	The burger is outstanding, as are the flatbreads and the kids menu. It seems as though anything you would ask (special prep for kids, side item, etc.) was always met with "absolutely." Noise level was fine, service was fast and polite (Casey is fantastic, cute & friendly) and the crowd is a good mix of business, friends & families. I pass through CLT for business 6 - 8x per year & I will definitely be back. For those that complain about expense, I don't understand - it seems to fall right in the middle of places with food of this quality.
5	Really excellent excellent service. The hamburger was off the charts, as we're the flatbreads. Brussels sprouts were perfect' and reasonably priced wine list was a plus.Will absolutely be back
4	Happy with the beer cheese soup, salad and slider trio that I ordered. Service was solid and good atmosphere for the solo diner.
5	Great food and great service.My family and I eat lunch here about once every other week. Their Black Label Burger(blend of porterhouse, brisket, and short rib, topped with Pravin smoked bacon, sharp cheddar, and served on a toasted bun) is the best hamburger I have ever eaten and I will continue to get this menu item almost every time I eat there.Great beer selection.The staff is very friendly and helpful.The place is probably one of the cleanest I have seen.  Dining area, bar, and restrooms are always spotless.
4	Hadn't been here in awhile but decided to have dinner prior to a movie. Staff was friendly and helpful. Duck wings were really tasty! You don't need any of the sauces offered. Caesar salad was good---not really a good judge of salads but it was fine. Had one of the flatbreads---it was ok, a little too much cheese for this thin crust pizza, IMO. I would recommend this place....they supposedly have a a great burger. Several other items on the menu caught my eye if I wanted a more full entree for dinner.
5	Since I am here just southwest of Charlotte on a job assignment, decided to try this place out with a coworker buddy of mine. The menu was definitely very impressive with lots of healthy choices of gluten free, grassfed and vegan foods. I had the bison meatloaf in which Bison is one of the healthiest and leanest meats to eat especially since it's grassfed. I had it along with the Brussel sprouts and sweet potato fries. The meatloaf was definitely up there with the best meatloafs I have ever eaten. The meat was succulent, very tender and just melts in you mouth and with the infused cheddar cheese and chipotle aioli just has you saying wow. The Brussel sprouts definitely flavorful and the sweet potato fries to die for. Simply an amazing dish and highly recommend it to everyone.
4	This place is great. With a full bar, bar seating area, and dining area there is an atmosphere for anyone. I didn't have an entree but the Parmesan crab dip and fried Brie were very tasty.Def would come back for dinner or lunch again. As a side note all of the servers seem to be enjoying themselves which makes for a more light and enjoyable experience.
4	The overall rating of this restaurant was four stars to me. It would of been five but the Maine lobster "Mac n cheese" didn't even have a Mac n cheese texture. It was also super bland. But on the bright side, my boyfriend's Cajun shrimp pasta was great. The booths in the dining room are huge, I'll come again; but not for the mac n cheese.
3	We came in for brunch as the menu looked so yummy. There was no one at the front desk, we had to wait around for a few minutes. We were the only ones in the restaurant so you would think our server would have been more attentive. Empty glasses sat unfilled for some time and it took forever for our order to come but when it did it was quite delicious. The eggs were cooked to perfection, rich and light at the same time. The presentation is so pretty you almost don't want to eat it at first. Not too much food and not too little, just right and at the right price for brunch. So I give it three stars because of the lack of service but the food was pretty great.
5	Came for lunch and it was AWESOME. Excellent food and service. We loved the pimento cheese with smoked gouda. I had the eggs florentine and it was delicious, loved the cream sauce though it was a little too runny for me but the mushrooms were yummy. Our fantastic server recommended the potato cakes and they were perfect! My husband got the black label burger and loved the combination of beef cuts. We would DEFINITELY recommend this place and come back for more!
4	Very nice place, clean with good food and an awesome attention. I was there on a sunday around 5pm. Bartender was super nice and very helpful. Food was good. Not extraordinary but very good. Good place for a date or a meeting.
5	Great place to hang out and drink wine. Love the bar and staff. I would prefer more vegetarian choices on food.
5	Great variety of burgers.  The Big Mess BBQ is great!!  Nice big bar and TV's for sports.
5	What a gem!  We came into town for 2 nights and luckily we found Harry's on  our first night.  We loved it so much we went back second night.  The first night we had an assortment of appetisers...duck wings, fried brie, and sliders. The duck was so amazing we had to order more. The portion size on the appetizers were pleasantly large.The second night we had the burger which is a blend of different meats and the surf and turf, a crab cake and a 6 oz rib eye. The crab cake was the best I have ever had and I am a crab cake connoisseur.The have a great bar as well, and a great selection of beer and wine. This is definitely not a place you want to miss!
5	Good variety, friendly staff, and the sweet potato fries are amazing!
4	My wife and I stopped in here for a nice dinner. I had a beer flight. I'm trying to expand my beer knowledge, so this was a nice plus. I had a very good steak as well. Good atmosphere. You can bring your kids here also, but its a little more upscale than some of the local sports bars. So, its a little more expensive and your kids probably won't appreciate it. So, save this place as a dinner for two.
2	So I've eaten here quite a few times and only at lunch. I work in the complex so it's an easy place to grab food. I'll be honest the food just doesn't wow me. Pretty much like all of the restaurants here in Ayrsley. It's rather pricey for what it is and the quality isn't great. The chicken sandwich isn't too bad and normally I would say the sweet potato fries are the best thing about this place, but last week I got  a to go order and brought it back to work. My fries were burnt. I'm not sure what cook looked at that and thought yep that looks tasty. I have quite a few co-workers who have had issues there as well. At one point I guess it was the assistant manager came up to our office searching for someone who had left there unhappy. He was pushy and annoying and pushed his way into the office. I went into our secure area to find the person asked him to wait and he pushed himself in accosting her. It was very disconcerting and highly unprofessional and really just made me never want to eat there again. However again it's convenient so I ordered from there again. The burnt fries however was kind of the breaking point. They just have no care about their lunch patrons or their lunch quality. I assume dinner is better or if you are there for "Sunday Funday" and drinking. However if you're there for lunch and not drinking well you aren't going to fare well. I'll stick with Portofino's or risk losing my parking space to go elsewhere!!
5	Emily was wonderful! Sat in the bar area, whole restaurant was busy on a Monday night at 630p.Drinks were fast,  ordering was quick. Food was brought out not long after. Great timing on everything! Salmon w/green beans & risotto yummy good, tasty and fresh. Not heavy on salt or seasonings. Pork chop w/mashed potatoes & vegetables very good!Full & satisfied didn't want to order desert.Will come back!
4	I love a gourmet burger and this place has a fabulous burger: great quality meat, sharp cheddar cheese, crispy bacon and on a toasted pretzel roll.  I substituted fries for Brussels spouts and they were delicious. They have an expansive list of local beers on draft, with representation from many of Charlotte's local breweries.  I'd pass on the beer cheese soup next time; it wasn't very flavorful or creamy.
5	I could have ordered everything on the menu! We got the lobster mac as the appetizer. Delicious! My mom got duck wings, I got the triple choice sliders and my friend got the Cajun pasta. I thought everything was delicious. The service was very good, we sat in the dining area on the other side of the bar. It was a bit cramped and noisy but overall we shared a great experience there and I'll definitely be back!
2	My first visit to Harry's I tried the Hawaiian and grilled chicken flat breads and they both lacked flavor to say the least. They are a bit smaller than flat bread's I've tried in the past but that would've been okay had they not tasted so bland. On the upside they do make their own infused liquor and the beer list here is solid. Maybe I will give the food here another try in the future.
4	I love this place! Always clean, tasty, and the best battered sweet potato fries I've had.I recommend the black label burger or the bison meatloaf. The fish and flatbreads are ok. I think the lobster mac has huge potential but could be more flavorful.The pimento and artichoke are also great, and I look forward to trying dessert.Edit: Shout out to Jenny behind the bar for great service and wonderful recommendations!!Happy eating yelpers!
4	Just happened to walk in this bar for a cocktail after we saw a movie at the Ayryllis theater. Cool bar kind of loungey they have a huge selection of liqueurs some vodka whiskey a and tequila homemade infused drinks. Martinis were delish the staff was super friendly I didn't try any food but did notice they had a Sunday brunch with bottomless mimosas and an awesome menu  so I will be checking that out keep ya posted
4	This place has a great selection of food and drinks.  They don't waste their time putting things on the menu that are ok.  This menu is a good size and allows them to focus on making each dish great.  We really like the soups, sliders...and everything else.  Good atmosphere and a really friendly staff Great beer selection celebrating many of the local beers from the region which is a testament to their commitment to local motion...buy local, support local.  Truly a gem.
4	This place would get 5 stars if their shots of Jameson weren't $11. Great food and service!
4	A fun hangout. A little loud, but not so much you can't talk. I had the mozzarella flatbread and it was fabulous! Service was friendly and fast. I'd come back.
3	First time we are here it was good but the server was not the best, he was arguing with my husband about his beer. They brought the wrong one and he kept saying he didn't. Then after checking with the bar he did. We returned and the food was just ok but server was great. I like their appetizers better than the meals.
