4	Many small and interesting plates to try. I'd say you need to order about four plates for a couple to share. The place is sort of hip and the wait staff is groovy. You listen to an interesting selection of music while dining. We started the roasted cauliflower steak topped with yummy roasted chickpeas that  cauliflower really looked like a steak when it was whole. This was the one dish that really wowed us with a great range of flavors it also had a nice twang to it. Next came the roasted corn , walnut , pecorino , arugula and mushroom salad. This was a HOT salad out of the pan. The mushroom had a great caramelization and the corn was clearly fresh. The salad was nice but didn't pop. The Saturday's Chef Whim was risotto topped with shaved truffles so we tried it. The execution of the risotto rice was perfect, the style of this risotto was rich with butter and cream, the flavor screamed of truffle possibly aroma. I asked what kind of truffle shavings were used and was told Umbrian. For dinner we shared the flat iron steak. The steak was half well and half medium rare and was very small like everything else. The very sweet saba mushrooms had a very good caramelization but really were too sweet for both our taste. The radish was different but was like a raw radish and when I tried to cut one the half flew into the air so I couldn't eat them the way I wanted. For me the steak was the least successful dish.We did share a dessert and the dessert really was up there with the cauliflower.We tried the spicy brownie sandwich stuffed with HOUSE made pistachio gelato that was garnished with REAL fresh made whipped cream and very tasty brittled peanuts. It was a winner.Some hits, some misses. I am really torn between three and four stars but went with three because of the steak. I think the main meal of the evening should be the one that impresses you.Davanti Enoteca is really worth a try.3.5 starsAs only a slight update, I was undecided between 3-4 stars based mainly because of the steak.  But after thinking about it I figure the bold red wine I was drinking went terribly wrong with that plate. I'm not a wine expert and one normally thinks bold red wine goes with steak. But this plate was hard for me to pair so I was thrown off with the sweetness in the mushrooms. Not sure but I am thinking a riesling might have been the right one because of the sweetness being more sweet than mushroom taste. When you pair wine correctly your meal is enhanced but pairing the wrong way spoils it.I also forgot to mention plates were well timed.A solid 4 stars with potential to be 5 stars !
4	The food is just as good, if not better, than the location in Chicago.  The space itself is quite large so I don't foresee some of the long waiting times for a table that the Chicago location has.Some highlights of last night's meal were the polenta board with some kind of pork ragu.  Awesome.  Creamy.  Tons of flavor.  I also really enjoyed the pork belly, the gnocchi, and the bruschette.Service was good.  They were very eager to please.Next time, I'm ordering the burger...with the bacon jam!
2	WOW IS THIS PLACE LOUD. It may be a bit to trendy for my group of 40-70 year olds but we were deafened by the experience. They are only open a week or so, so we wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt when we sat for 20 min. Waiting for service but when the server showed up we couldn't hear her explain the menu concept.  What we learned after several repeated explanations is that they intend everything to be shared since the food does not come out in "courses" like most restaurants, but rather inches ever the kitchen prepares them. We like "Tapas" but in most of those restaurants the atmosphere is relaxed and conducive to visiting and conversation. This place is NOT. The food was a bit over the top in the "unique" category... The older set in our group had a very hard time finding something they were comfortable with. Us "younger" folks thought it was interesting but most of the food seemed uninspired. Overall, we were pretty disappointed. In most cases we will give a place a 2nd try but this place just didn't have anything to offer to bring us back.
5	I had one of the best meals of my life at Davanti Enoteca last night. If I ever become famous enough to be featured on the Food Network's "The Best Thing I Ever Ate," I would definitely be going on a 20 minute tirade about this meal. I happened to come here by chance because my roommate, who has been to Davanti probably 5 of the 8 days it's been open (due to the amazing focaccia di reccio) was invited there by one of the wait staff (Jim/James) for a large group dinner. We tried a wide range of Davanti's offerings and had an amazing night with great company (albeit a motley crew of strangers) and a great atmosphere. Jimmy James was an amazing culinary guide, describing the dishes so exquisitely that we had no choice but to order everything.First: the food. Oh my god, the food. Chef Peter DeRuvo really outdid himself. The concept of this restaurant is Italian Tapas, meaning very small portions meant to be tasted by everyone. Everything was fresh, house made, and came out as it was done; nothing waited under a heat lamp. They even refreshed our plates several times throughout the meal, which is a great reset button for your brain to help you stuff your gob with more delicious food. I've never been so happily full in my life.We started out with drinks at the bar. I had the Davanti Sidecar. The drink had crumbled biscotti inside and was rimmed with sugar and cinnamon. If you've ever wished teddy grahams were liquefied and alcoholic, this is the drink for you. They should probably rename this drink The Adult Teddy Graham.Focaccia di Reccio - This might be the best thing you will ever put in your mouth. Ligurian style baked focaccia with fresh, soft cow cheese, sprinkled with sea salt, and served with local honeycomb. This dish is warm, flaky, creamy... It literally hugs your mouth like a warm cheese blanket sent from heaven.The next dish was a crispy pork belly with an over easy quail egg cracked on top with canelli beans, grapes, and herb salad mostarda oil. The pork belly was cooked to perfection. It had an amazing, thick crunch to the outside and was so tender and savory on the inside. The egg yolk running over it made it all the more amazing. I might have to stop writing this yelp review just to go back over there and eat it again. I don't even care that it's 9 am right now.We had the roasted cauliflower steak with Sicilian olive tapenade and marinated lemon jam. The cauliflower steak actually looked like a steak and was so delicious. It had such a complex set of flavors. Cauliflower never had it so good.The Chef sent out some items that weren't on the menu, one of them was squid ink pasta with octopus. It was so creamy, just a little tart, and the octopus was rich and flavorful.We had the truffle egg toast with fontina and asparagus. The bread was crisp on the outside and unbelievably soft on the inside. It had a creamy, complex flavor palette that I just loved.The clams with house sausage, escarole, and chilies were amazing. The clams were cooked to the perfect consistency and the sauce really brought this dish to the next level. It's not quite spicy, but very flavorful.For dessert, the chef whipped up some blue raspberry cotton candy for us that was so light and fluffy, even the guys loved it. We had the goat milk cheesecake with slated caramel drizzle. It was a delicious and completely unique take on cheesecake that was so creamy and rich. You'll definitely want to share.Hang on, because this dessert gets its own paragraph. The Purple Pig Panini. Wow. Nutella, house made marshmallow fluff, and roasted bananas panini. This goes on record as one of the best desserts I've ever had. The bread was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The marshmallow fluff tasted like someone took a cloud from heaven and infused it with marshmallows. I don't care if you're on a diet. I don't even care if you're allergic to marshmallows or banana (but if you are, bring your epi pen) because this is a dessert you can't miss.Davanti has a rustic, farm design, but with chic, modern elements. Our large, round tables were in the middle of the restaurant. It was a great, family style atmosphere and no one was too far away to hear. The restaurant is filled with heavy woods, exposed brick, and a wall of Italian wine cases. There was an old bicycle and Italian newspapers covering the walls. There were adorable little white ceramic pig menu holders that, if I had less moral scruples, I totally would have stolen for myself. The restaurant has a great vibe and the staff is really friendly, attentive, and accommodating. We felt like they were our friends and never felt rushed to finish our meal. We got to thank the Chef at the end of the meal. He had a great, warm personality and you could tell he is an inspired man in his work. If you eat at Davanti, you should thank the chef. His heart and soul are in his food and it shows in his beautiful plating and mouthwatering dishes.TL;DR Eat here. It's amazing.
2	We were a party of 8 on a Sat nite.  The noise was deafening and table conversation was not possible.  I like "small plate" restaurants, but I don't think the concept works with traditional entrees (Piatti) like pasta or burgers.  Our wait person said the food does not come out at the same time as you are supposed to share.  With a party of 8 it is difficult and seems like the kitchen can't serve 8 people at the same time.  I may return to Davanti, after they have had a chance to refine their "issues" but I don't know what they can do about the oppressive noise.  I left with a headache.
4	Wow.  What a great addition to the mid-Scottsdale dining scene.  Lots of good wine choices and fun little plates to share.  My favorite was the orrchiete pasta with sausage.
5	This is the real deal.  Stopped in to see our friend David Johnson, Manager.   I don't like to go on and on about every detail.  Go and experience it yourself.  I had the Riccio di Mare e Granchio linguine + sea urchin + crab.  Insane if you are an uni fan.  Ben ordered the Davanti burger.  At first I was like "really?"  a burger?  Bacon relish, cheese curds and ground fresh in house.  Incredible.  Peter DeRuvo is a really great chef and very excited he is on this side of town.  Also, I worked with the pizza chef at Franco's back in the day at the Esplanade.  He is one of the best.  Going back for a second time this week.  Does that tell you anything?  Mangia!
4	I consulted Yelp for this recommendation and I liked what others said. It's a new place, and they are definitely feeling their way through it. I love the freshness of the place. Catch it while it is energetic and new.I had the Ceasar salad and gnocchi. The salad was fresh and had three white sardines in the mix. The croutons were freshly toasted. My favorite ceasar's have high garlic content in the dressing and salty sardines. This was mellower, but really tasty. I appreciated the presentation and the intent. The croutons were tasty and the fresh bib lettuce was delicious.I am not an educated gnocchi eater, but I have to say this is the best I have tasted. The gnocchi itself was not too heavy. The dish I had said that it had eggplant in it. I got through half the dish and did not discover the eggplant. I have to say the second half of the dish was better with more eggplant, lovely flavors and a not-too-heavy gnocchi. I sat at the bar and had a good chat with the mixologist of the establishment. He poured a mean gin martini! He's got great ideas for the house cocktails. They are a bit too much for me, but he can deliver the goods on the raw product, old school cocktails.In summation, I enjoyed this restaurant and would revisit if I were in the area more often. This is a great new restaurant, and to keep it great, I would encourage locals to support it. Good Luck!!!
4	We liked it here.  The food was tasty and presented well.  The portion sizes vary from being for just one to being for a couple so remember to ask.  We had the evening special which was a roast pork something-or-other, along with an orcchiette.  The pork was served on a platter - just a giant slice of roast pork.  Awful presentation as well as being just warm, not hot.  Our guests had a risotto (well done!) and something else, but they enjoyed it.  The orcchiette was outstanding in presentation and taste.  Overall a very good experience and we will return.  The room seemed rather loud, which may have to do with the all-brick interior and arched ceilings.
5	Great new place is Scottsdale!  A must try for foodie!!
2	The food was on, but everything else was off.
4	Full review blogged. High points below:Chicken Liver Pate with Poached Cherries and Tuscan Toast: To anyone who knows me this was an obvious choice and served in a flip top jar for $7 along with a pile of lightly oiled toast it was every bit as good as I would have hoped.  Dense and slightly rougher cut than a true mousse but rife with a mineral tinge below the liver's characteristic sapor the cherries served as a brilliant foil to the fat and easily enough for two this would have been the deal of the menu if not for the daily special.Focaccia di recco - ligurian style baked focaccia with fresh soft cow cheese and local honeycomb:  Perhaps the most consistently raved dish from both the Chicago location and from local gourmands who'd already visited Davanti Scottsdale the first time I'd heard of this dish was actually from our server at Avec and although slightly different in texture and composition this Ligurian classic marrying crisp focaccia with a stracchino/mascarpone blend was every bit as memorable.  Taking an alternate route to Avec's density and utilizing local honeycomb (an extra $2) as opposed to savory notes to balance the soft cheese's higher lactic acid content I'd be hard pressed to say who does it better, but at $18 I can only say this dish is worth the money even if it seems 'simple.'Roasted corn + walnuts + pecorino + arugula + wild mushrooms:  Wanting to sample from each part of the menu this choice from the insalate was recommended by our server and although I would have preferred to taste it warm (simply too many items on the table at once) it was quite good at room temperature as well.  Essentially the results of high quality ingredients paired carefully this was a dish about texture and flavor above anything else and with the mushrooms and corn each lightly cooked there was a great interplay of natural sweetness and earth all set off by the lightly applied cheese.Truffle egg toast + fontina + asparagus:  I'll start out by saying it wasn't as good as the incredible famous version at 'ino...but it was pretty damned close.  Oddly a fan of eggs at all other meals despite my propensity for sweets at breakfast this "toad in a hole" style presentation featured nothing more than a dense piece of brioche topped with a thick slice of young fontina lightly kissed with truffle oil and black pepper plus julienned asparagus on the plate beneath; it was simple, it was rich, and it was the one dish I really wished would have arrived separated from the others so I could truly enjoy it as opposed gulping down my half for fear of it getting cold or soggy.Chef's Whim - Confit Roasted Half Duck + Sour Cherry + Mascarpone Polenta + Candied Pecans + Radish + Endive:  I'd wanted to try a pizza, but when our server told us the Saturday "Chef's whim" I fortunately changed my mind - and I say thankfully not only because duck is my favorite protein, but because this was one of the best duck preparations I have ever tasted.  Priced at a bargain $20 and featuring a half-duck split down the center served over a bed of mascarpone polenta and Amarena cherries whose texture would rival the finest gelato this was the sort of rustic preparation I'd hoped for walking in the door.  Intense and meaty with crispy skin giving way to tender flesh each bite of this dish was savored as much as the last and with sweetness from the cherries and pecans met by the bitters of the radish and endive the dish never felt 'heavy' at all.  Honest to God, ff this is on the menu it is a must order - I've paid twice as much for far less impressive fowl at any number of 'top tier' restaurants.Chocolate Budino -Chocolate Pudding + Amaretto Cookie + Toasted Marshmallow:  Un-wowed by the standard dessert menu and myself with dinner plans three hours later we'd originally considered skipping dessert until our server told us the "Chef's Whim" dessert of the day was a budino - on par with bread pudding for 'must order' status for myself - and with a dense pudding of semi-sweet chocolate at its base subsequently topped with a warm amaretto cookie plus light meringue quickly toasted under the salamander this dish also wowed.  Thankfully small in portion but huge in flavor I'd place this dish among the must orders.The Verdict:  Service and music issues aside, Davanti Enoteca is a great addition to the local dining scene and although much of the menu is cribbed directly from West Taylor St. the dishes where DeRuvo was allowed to flex his muscles were without a doubt the strongest of the afternoon.  Perhaps the gnocchi did not live up to expectations and would have been better sold as a gnochetti and maybe some would argue that the focaccia is a bit overpriced priced at $18 but all things being equal my friend and I walked out the door for $60/pp after tax and a more than generous tip for a meal featuring 7 good-to-great dishes, particularly a duck dish I'd put on the same level with versions at Gagnaire, Eleven Madison Park, and L'Arpege.
5	If you're a party of two, Davanti isn't really "tapas"... it's bigger. That being said, I shared five plates with my date. We couldn't finish dessert, which is saying something (and by "something" I mean I went into a cheese coma post-meal).Go with a larger party to taste more dishes without accidentally eating to the point of no return after only ordering a few.We started with the cannellini bean vasi. The spread was creamy, smoky, and studded with purple onion. A stack of really crunchy toasts drizzled with olive oil were served on the side. The oil seemed like overkill, but it didn't subtract from the dish, so all is forgiven. Next up was the most significant thing that happened to my tastebuds/me in general all week. Enter truffle egg toast. Soft yolk, fontina, truffle, asparagus. This plate was definitely smaller than the rest, but it was exceptionally rich and complex. I'm ordering this for myself and stabbing anyone who tries to "share" with my fork next time. We went for the homemade ricotta gnocchi afterwards, which was a great mix - eggplant, tomato, garlic, and fresh, melty mozzarella. The ricotta gave the dumplings a slightly fluffier texture, but it wasn't a huge deviation from the standard. Overall, the mozzarella definitely made the dish.Last but most, dessert. First up, the goat cheesecake was crustless, topped with caramel and almond brittle. It had a very light texture and musky, rich flavor which needed the sweet contrast of the caramel and brittle. The almond brittle added a lot, and in the future, I'd ask for extra. The Purple Pig was two slices of super crunchy, grilled bread with a dollop of Nutella, homemade marshmallow fluff, and bananas in the center. Simple, delicious, and passable as lunch? Maybe? It's worth a shot.Everyone was attentive and happy to answer questions, but they wore basketball shorts, were covered in tats and piercings, and just were not givin' a sh*t about their presentation. At an upscale restaurant, it was a refreshing twist that made Davanti feel far from uptight. 'Twas unconventional but thoroughly enjoyable, much like everything else. I'll definitely be back in the market for some of that again soon.
5	Had a lot of fun at the bar chatting w Trent and having great drinks and food!  Marisa loved the Moscato d' Asti.  Orecchiette was really terrific w rapini, chiles and sausage.  Wow!  Loved dessert too, had the chocolate budino with homemade marshmallow meringue and biscotti crust
5	I've driven past this restaurant every day on my way to work and have been awaiting its opening.  Having lived in the Chicago area years ago and learning it's part of the Mia Francesca family, I went in with great expectations. Simply put, I was not let down.  I joined a good friend of mine for dinner and drinks last week.  We were planning to sit in the main dining room, but after seeing all of the energy in the bar area - opted for a high top table instead.  Our waitress (Stephanie) helped guide us through the menu as we were two people who couldn't translate all of the Italian language (though there is a glossary of terms on the back).  She pointed out the "must-haves" on the menu - including the baked Focaccia flatbread with cheese and honey comb.  Amazing.  She even guided us through the wine menu, providing samples and when she didn't know the answer, she immediately brought over the GM / resident sommelier who provided his recommendations.  Our focaccia flatbread was followed by other meat and cheese plate recommendations and a dessert to die for - bananas, peanut butter and chocolate.  I left full, delighted and ready to go back.  Which I did, last Friday  night with a group of five this time.  We sat in the bar - and shared rounds of small plates.  Finally, great food, great service, good vibe and great environment on that corner.  So long, Quilted Bear.
4	I guess I am liking this place.  I have been there 3 times in 2 weeks.  This place is on the modern side of italian fare.  It was a little funny after reading some reviews, when my father in law asked "where are the spaghetti and meatballs". I had to laugh.  We suggested he try the orecchiette with the sausage, rapine and chilies.  That is my favorite pasta.   The first time I had it, I noticed that the pasta is handmade, bonus points.  I have also had the gnocchi, they are good, but I think I will stick with the orecchiette.  I really want to try the polenta next time, sounds so yummy.   For dessert, I am obsessed with the Chocolate Budino, I keep telling my hubby to get his own dessert, although every time I order it, I cannot finish it.  The creamy chocolate pudding, topped with crushed biscotti and a meringue/marshmallow cream on top, DOUBLE YUM, so rich.  Service my second time visiting for a full dinner with my in-laws was a little slow, but this is a new restaurant so I will look the other way, because after all I enjoyed the company and don't mind spending extra time at a restaurant.  One thing I would beg them to fix is the A/C temperature, I always bring a sweater now.   My hubby loves the Margaritas Trent makes, I guess I have to call next time to make sure he is there.
5	I went to Davanti on a lunch break with work friends and we were all amazed at the beautiful atmosphere.  The restaurant is situated in a isolated (not so odd , but that area doesn't get that busy) section of the plaza , but if people gave this place a chance they would find a beautiful gem. Yes the atmosphere is that inviting and the food is just the kicker. I had the Porchetta Panini, it was juicy inside and the bread perfectly crispy.  The French fries are fresh and highly addicting. I cant wait to go back and try items. I think I will stop in for dinner next time .
5	For this post we're talking about brunch, and let me first start out my saying that great strides have been made since my first visit in terms of both the soundtrack and the service- the former explained to me by GM Cynthia DiNardo as a simple matter of optimizing Pandora and thus replacing a three-peat of Tainted Love with a brunch playlist highlighted by Led Zeppelin's 10 Years Gone, Pink Floyd's Wish You Were Here, and a few tunes Cream, The Who, The Stones, The Strokes, Modest Mouse, The xx, and even Interpol- and the later largely related to a young woman (with some really cool ink) and younger (looking) man who were courteous, personable, and efficient - present without "hovering" in a way that I hope for every time I enter a restaurant.Moving on to the food, my meal started with an amuse of sorts featuring the daily Bruschette of Mortadella, 20yr balsamic vinegar, arugula, and pistachio - four bites of rustic perfection with the house made bread crusty and warm and each ingredient presented in an elegant balance of both texture and flavor to highlight the cured pork.The next dish to arrive from Peter was his heavily recommended "Uovo Barzotto," a hot skillet filled with a house made toasted English Muffin, Pork Belly Hash, Poached Eggs, Avocado, and Tomato Hollandaise.  Generally not one to go straight for the "Benny" but more than willing to trust the chef's instinct I will simply say that while I probably would not have ordered this if left to my own devices it actually turned out to be my favorite dish of the morning - a deft blend of vegetal flavors augmented by the creamy egg and savory pork - and as I mentioned to Ms. DiNardo when she stopped by my only "complaint" was that it did not come with more bread (or a spoon) to wipe up every drop of the first Hollandaise I've ever tasted that truly made me say 'wow,' an effect largely attributed to an unexpected lightness imparted by the tomato.Another new feature of the brunch menu entitled Pumpkin Ricotta Pancakes with Pecans and Syrup would arrive at my table next and served in a "tasting" portion the single flapjack was lovely in texture but unfortunately somewhat light in pumpkin flavor until I added spread the honey-kissed butter and added the warm syrup, the sweetness serving to bring not only the vegetal notes to the fore, but also light saline notes and a bit of spice that I still cannot determine whether was in the cake itself or the syrup.Next up, a large pile of warm and toasty bread arrived alongside the vasi of Ricotta and Local Honeycomb.  Simple in preparation and flawless in execution there really isn't much that needs to be said here - if you like ricotta and you like honey this dish, much like the chicken liver from the previous visit, is a $7 steal and a little goes a long way - IE, it is probably best shared.Speaking of things that are best shared, the pastries at Davanti are listed as $2 each and instead of asking about them I simply suggested they send me out one of each - a sizeable order to say the least with five different selections coming out along with salted honey butter and grape jam.  Apparently a concept set to evolve and changed each week with new options to come and go the day's selection for Sunday featured a warm cinnamon roll, fig and walnut muffin, honey sour cream muffin, cinnamon sugar donut, and chocolate marcona almond donut topped with cream cheese frosting.  Impressive in size and also in quality I personally felt both cake donuts were excellent as the lightly fried exterior gave way to a soft central crumb and although the frosting on the chocolate one could have been too heavy for some it actually worked very well given the heft of the cocoa.  Moving on to the rolls and muffins, the cinnamon roll was certainly the weak link of the board as it was simply too dense - as though not given enough time to leaven - while the muffins were both superb, the honey sour cream version almost a savory that went perfectly with the jam and the fig and walnut muffin a spongy cake that reminded me of a fig newton without all the unnecessary sugar.At this point quite sated but not overly "full," I spent the better part of ninety minutes reading and listening to tunes while my cup of Lavazza received consistent attention from the staff and as the end of brunch service approached I was asked if I'd like anything else thus sparking a brief internal debate that ended with me ordering the Purple Pig Panini.  Paying homage to the Chicago Wine and Charcuterie staple while riffing it's most famous dessert what arrived next was far larger than I'd have guessed from the $7 pricetag but featuring that same fantastic house made bread this time wrapped around Marshmallow fluff (also made in house,) Nutella, and sliced bananas I knew that even as my server suggested he'd never seen anyone finish it that I'd be just fine...with those ingredients on that bread there's simply no way this dish wasn't going to be good.Go.  Now.
5	Enjoyed eating dinner last night at Davanti's.  I felt like I was in LA, the atmosphere was very cool and relaxed yet professional.  The food was delicious!  I overheard a table of four on their way out the door all raving about their meal too.  Great wine and menu.  I'll go back with more friends to get a chance to share more of the small plates.
4	Let's start with the place. Nice decor and comfortable lay out. The service was just OK.We ordered a pinot noir from Willamette Valley that was pretty good.Now the food. The cheese board was good (grana padano, drunken goat and truffle tremor) but the serving was uneven. Too much grana and too little truffle :-/The asparagus were just ok but the cauliflower steak was good. The truffle egg toast was also interesting.I ordered the risotto of the day, which was a mushroom base. It was good but too much butter and shy on cheese. It made the texture a little too runny from my point of view.The deserts were hit and miss. The "home made" sorbet was forgettable but the goat cheese cheesecake was super good, like to go back just for that (and then hit the gym for 6 hours, I guess-for those who hit the gym, haha)BTW, they didn't have the pork belly, I guess this is a signal of the soon to come catastrophe of the bacon shortage!!! Somebody needs to do something. Let's cut the military budget (or somewhere else) and subsidize bacon! I would really give this place 3 and a half stars but since Yelp doesn't have halves, i guess the rounding goes up.
3	I've been wanting to come here after all the reviews I read, so our yelp-foodie group chose this place. Decor was okay, nothing about it was Italianish.Our group ordered various dishes which we all shared.We chose three cheeses, and for the price, I was hoping the portions of cheese would be bigger so we can all share. Unfortunately, everyone took small morsel bites. I had the egg truffle toast, and it was Delicious. I also tried the gnocchi that my friend ordered. It tasted good, but way too much sauce. Some of the side dishes we ordered was the cauliflower and asparagus. I am not a vegetable eater, but the cauliflower was so flavorful, and cooked to perfection. Just amazing!All in all, I will give this place on more try. Specially since they are opened for brunch.
5	Davanti Enoteca joins the very small group of restaurants serving fine food in attractive surroundings at reasonable (sort of ) prices.  The cuisine is certainly Italian, but not like what you would find in a traditional Italian establishment -- this is more like what you would expect in one of the trendy restaurants in Bologna.  For example: there is a bruscheta on the menu but there are also four "Vasi"s which are more inventive dips served with toasted Italian bread.  We had the cannelloni (bean) and onion variety (the beans were pureed, and you spread it over the bread).Davanti serves "sharing" style, meaning that dishes come out one or two at a time and the table is assumed to be sharing them.  If you and your companion each order an entree, they may not come out at the same time.  This presents Davanti with a challenge in pacing the meal -- but they manage to keep the food flowing without having dishes pile up at any one time.  It also gives you a lot of changes to interact with your dining companions.Three of the five dishes we ordered were five star, and the other two still pretty good.  I think the pizzas are there least successful offerings -- perhaps they don't have the right oven and so the crust is chewy not crispy.  The faro salad was spectacular.  The asparagus came with tiny bits of rhubarb -- nice touch.  And the chocolate budino dessert was right on target: a not-overly-rich chocoate mousse/pudding with toasted marshmallow.As a wine bar, Davanti has a good selection of wines by the glass, and both of the ones we had were outstanding.  The wines are not cheap, at about $10 a glass, but the pour is generous and you can get larger pours for slightly more.  The food dishes run from around $7 to $13, and two per person is sufficient, so the total for us was under $100 for two, including tax and tip.Two suggestions:1.  Reservations on weekends are probably needed.2.  Build you meal from the starters -- vasis, boards, appetizers, and salads, and then add a pasta or pizza.  You don't need to emphasize the "main courses".
4	Great spot with a menu that veers beyond the familiar standards and digs deeper into the authentic Italian cookbook that most of us now want.  From the Cacio e Pepe to the Uovo in Raviolo* to the truffle egg toast the menu does a great job of taking you back to the 'old country'.  The ambiance is adequate, the service attentive, and with time this should be a great spot for some great Italian.*Only real complaint was the Raviolo.  You have the San Domenico name attached to it, where are the truffles?  If you are paying homage the orginator you should be completely faithful to the recipe.
3	So as not to bore you with the same info you can find in the other reviews, I'll keep it brief.  Davanti has exceptional food.  Why only 3 stars?  Two main reasons:1)  Being located smack at the Gateway to Paradise Valley creates expectations of elegance.  So does Davanti's menu.  It's disappointing to walk into what looks and acts like a pizza joint with a really nice bar.2) They served my chicken raw then charged me for it. They did bring me a replacement chicken.Leaving out lots of details here, especially of the good stuff, but nothing that hasn't been said before.  Will I go back?  Sure, if someone else pays.
4	10/18/12Enjoyed a wonderful happy hour at Davanti today- the first of many, I'm sure!  Great atmosphere, good food, and a cool bartender who kindly  brought me samples of two wines when I didn't know which one to try.  Be sure to order the Davanti burger http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/PswFC6CVWsKKTeh5knTnwA?select=WrtjTIi8IzkAGrMpSfCDdw#WrtjTIi8IzkAGrMpSfCDdw, so juicy and a good bargain at $8 (the accompanying matchstick fries was a "miss") and the "bruschette of the day," $5 during happy hour.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/PswFC6CVWsKKTeh5knTnwA?select=nD0LtQ5y50K4nPlIWz1oyw#nD0LtQ5y50K4nPlIWz1oyw  House wines were $5 a glass, and thanks to the cute bartender, I enjoyed the glass of Montepulciano he kindly let me sample first.  I did try the house buffalo chicken wings http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/PswFC6CVWsKKTeh5knTnwA?select=46I2ZXm3BfJVsn81p115SA#46I2ZXm3BfJVsn81p115SA that were highly-touted by my bartender/server, but I didn't quite enjoy it as much as the other two items.  I hope to return to explore the dinner menu soon!
4	Great new place in Scottsdale!  I had never been to the previous location, but it didn't seem appealing for my age group.  The decor is great...relaxed and comfortable.  The bartenders were extremely friendly and happy to help.  The happy hour menu was a great deal too!  Excited to come back and enjoy dinner some time.
5	I'm so happy something has finally gone into this empty space and I'm even happier that it's a restaurant I really like! Today I finally had the chance to visit Davanti and I was very pleased with everything from the decor and atmosphere to the food and service. This restaurant has a lot of space! It would be perfect for a large group because there are a couple different rooms which I assume could be sectioned off quite easily. They also have a spacious bar area. The decor is earthy, modern and very cozy. It looks like an interior designer's dream because of the intimate detail to everything from the painted wooden walls to the light fixtures that hang down. The staff is friendly and did a nice job in letting my party take our time ordering because we were in the middle of a meeting. This restaurant is off the beaten path so it wasn't very crowded during the lunch hour. Once we were ready to order, the server re-appeared, took our order and brought out our food within 15 minutes. The food here is very Italian and some of it can be very hearty! They offer an all-day menu but then they also feature lunch specials that include a variety of salads and paninis. My fellow lunch goers opted for the pasta and I decided to order one of the lunch paninis. Considering the fact that I ordered a sandwich and they ordered pasta, I thought mine would come out much smaller then theirs but boy was I wrong! Their pasta is well portioned and offers a hearty yet reasonably-sized dish. My sandwich on the other hand, could easily feed a family of three. The sandwich was large and in charge and will serve as a nice dinner for me tonight! The sandwich came with string fries which were salty and very tasty! However, they brought out a heaping amount of string fries so those will also serve as a nice dinner! I enjoy this restaurant and plan on coming back on a regular basis because it's casual and classy with delicious food and nice service.
4	Great new restaurant in the PV area. Been there a total of three times, each time extremely enjoyable. Food and service very good.
5	Davanti was a long time in coming, but worth the wait.  As our waiter said, it's the polar opposite of the Quilted Bear which it replaced.  The food is Italian, but the concept is more Spanish or Chinese, with emphasis on a group of customers ordering a number of plates to share, rather than each ordering his/her own.  The totally renovated interior is warm, rich, and inviting.  Every member of the staff was friendly, outgoing, and upbeat.Our group of four started with a liver pate topped with cherries -- scrumptious.  Then we had a bruschetta, as good as it gets.  The following brussel sprout salad was the weak link -- a little too heavy with cheese to be a salad.  This weakness was immediately redressed with a fantastic mushroom risotto.  Then a delicious ragu served on white corn polenta left us struggling to find room for a raisin bread pudding desert.  We left vowing to come back soon, since the menu contained many more interesting possibilities.  Our meal for four was $140 including tip and a $35 bottle of wine, quite reasonable for the fare.
5	We stopped by for dinner and drinks around 10pm... the owner was kind enough to keep the kitchen open for us and it was such an enjoyable experience from the start.Our waitress, Stephanie, was such a delight to be around. We kind of figured she had to be related to the owner because she knew the ins and outs of every single item on the menu and described it with such passion! He went with a ravioli dish with ricotta and spinach and I went with the gnocchi di ricotta, which consisted of eggplants, basil and roasted tomatoes... both to die for. She also recommended these tiny jars which come with a blend of eggplants, mozzarella cheese and tomatoes and served over tuscan toast... MY GOD. It was so good and the chef brought us another round on the house. We topped it off with a delicious dessert of chocolate, peanut butter mousse and vanilla gelato... also complimentary thanks to the chef!Side note:  They also have THE BEST Moscato I've ever had in my life! This was a fabulous dining experience (major thanks to Stephanie and the chef) and him and I will definitely be returning!
5	My family was in town from Chicago and we came here on a whim after asking Siri (yes, the one from iPhone) for a nearby Italian restaurant.  Soooo glad a talking mobile phone suggested it! I'm not too fancy of a person and generally don't like fancy food so I was a little concerned at first when I saw the menu.  It was an interesting mix of foods, definitely NOT your normal Italian food.  We tried their signature appetizer which was a thin focaccia with soft cheese and honey... Oh my god!  What an amazing combination!  I will have dreams about it tonight!   It is seriously THAT good!  We split a bunch of dishes but the pizza and spinach raviolo were my favorite.  My family was so excited when they found out this is part of a well known chain in the Chicago area called Francesca's, which is a family favorite.  It's not the same menu but they are opening up a Davantis soon in Chicago, which is the same food.  I live in Chandler but would definitely make the drive to come back here!
5	Friendly...great food...welcoming and warm atmosphere!Being on the road a lot I'm always on the lookout for restaurants with great food, but more important, those that make me feel at home.Davanti Enoteca was perfect in all areas! The staff was cordial and attentive without being intrusive. The manager, David Johnson, went out of his way to make me feel like an old friend of the restaurant- and this was my first visit......it will not be my last!Try the Uovo in Raviolo 'San Domenico'...it's a real treat!
4	It causes me pain to give this restaurant only 4 stars.I just moved back to Scottsdale after spending a year in Chicago, where Davanti originated and where it was my all-time favorite restaurant. Let me preface this by saying that I had realistic expectations eating at the new location here in Scottsdale - I knew they probably had some kinks to work out, I knew the local ingredients wouldn't be the same, and I knew that the wine list would be different. So, I have been to the Scottsdale location now twice, and I am ready to write a review. My favorite items from Chicago are as follows: the vasi with ricotta and local honeycomb, the Davanti burger, the Cacio e Pepe, the Pizza della Terra, and the layered dessert in the mini mason jar (it changes seasonally). Here, the Pizza della Terra, which is arguably my all-time fave dish anywhere, was not only VERY different than the Chicago version, but it was tasteless. The crust was soggy, the leek flavor was not there, and the cheese was chewy and seemed to be a different type of cheese altogether. The pizza itself was also smaller. OK, sad, but moving on.The ricotta and honeycomb vasi was mediocre the first time I went to the Scottsdale location but definitely on par with the Chicago version the second time. So, well done, Davanti. The Davanti burger was - and will always be - amazing. So good we ordered a second one - after we had already put in our dessert order. That should say something! The Cacio e Pepe was, well, weird. This is really designed to be a very simple dish with high quality, fresh ingredients. The pecorino and black pepper are supposed to be the star flavors. But at this new location, it seemed to have some sort of odd, greyish, creamy sauce. Not bad, but very different from the original, and from what it's supposed to be.The layered dessert this time had a peanut butter theme, and it was DELICIOUS. All in all, I liked my meal here, and I will be back. I still love Davanti too much to not want to give it a few more shots. Unfortunately, it just makes me miss the Chicago location, though....
4	Wonderful...we LOVED IT!  Can not wait to go back.  Service was attentive, but not overbearing. Food delicious....we just tasted and ate and drank all night.  A must go to place!!!
4	A culinary delight!   Amazing food, inviting ambience, and outstanding service.   I can't wait to return.
4	Delicious food!!!  Gave 4 stars because we showed up on a Sunday at 10 am for their brunch.  The doors were locked, sign was turned to say, "sorry we are closed" and their other sign said on Sundays they open at 11... Well their website says they open at 10 am and I was able to make a reservation.  We drove 50 minutes because I love their food and it was my birthday.  I was very upset, so we drove around for an hour.  Showed up at 11 am and when speaking to the manager found out they do open at 10 and she replied with "I was here"  when I said the doors were locked, she mentioned.. It sticks sometimes.  Okay, first of all... your door was LOCKED, I am not an idiot & your sign was turned to say CLOSED... "Oh sorry"...  besides that huge inconvience the food & service is amazing and we will definitely be back.. just not before 10:10 am just in case they're late again ;)
1	Would have loved to enjoy a few after-dinners drinks with my girlfriend at this spot many friends have suggested we check out. Hours on the doors say Friday-Saturday 11am-11pm. They also say that on their yelp page.  We walked in just a few minutes after 10, walked up to the bar and asked the bartender if they were closed. Her response was "if it's 10, then yes" as she went to check the time on her computer to confirm it was 4 minutes past 10. I followed her reply by saying that the sign outside the door says 11 and got no response as she turned her back to us, so we decided to find another nearby restaurant.   We have heard great things about this place and the two of us just wanted to check the place out before trying it for dinner.  Not a very warming first impression nor does it make us feel like we want to go back.
5	went to this place this past friday for happy hour. was there from 3:30-6. the food was amazing as well as the bartendars that were working behind the bar that night. sorry guys i forgot your names but you were so attentive and friendly you made the whole experience unforgettable. such nice guys. they are one of the reasons i will frequent this great place.
4	My family and I have chosen to return to this place on several occasions. We have tried many different dishes and they have all been consistently good. THis place us a new favorite and I presume I will be coming back for years to come.
2	The server for our party of 8 left quite a bitter taste in my mouth, Despite her attitude and her general lack of f***'s given, I'd say the food was great. I had pork belly on bed of arugula and a heavenly nut/grain salad that made up for being forced to talk to her scowling face. Why work in the service industry if you insist on making customers feel like they are a massive waste of your time? Lucky for her, the people I went with had class and held it together for the special occasion. Honestly, how annoying. If I did live in Arizona, I would not go back.
1	they should have stayed in Chicago.  The worst service and one of the poorest restaurant experiences I have had in years.  We never could figure out who our waiter was!  They would take orders and disappear for eons.My wife's pizza was delivered first and was almost airport quality - no sauce, almost no cheese and no flavor.  Then 10 minutes later our friends pepper pasta arrived with no discernible pepper taste.  FinallyAfter every one else had finished eating my entree arrived about a half hour after the first entree was served.  I'd give this place six months before they fold up shop.
2	We were excited to try this new restaurant in our area. Inside was nice; ambiance was nice. Food was tasty and we liked the concept of an Italian "tapas-type" menu. Focaccia was excellent, and overall food was pretty good. However, service really detracted from experience and subpar to say the least.  I agree with the other reviews of poor service.  Server not very helpful in describing menu. Not very attentive to us during meal. Presentation not good as they would simply just place silverware, plates, dishes wherever in a very sloppy manner. Moreover, placed hot dishes with large knives directly in front of our 19mo infant. Difficult to get attention of servers and check out.  Overall, food was good, but service poor - probably will not return.
5	Our second visit was as much fun as the first.  They now accept reservations!  Return visits are a must to work one's way through the menu.  Eat here before the place is overun with winter visitors.
2	Noisy and overpriced.
4	Only tried the Happy Hour (so far), however, the flat breads were unique and amazing!Impressive remodel of a space with a warm and inviting atmosphere!Definitely, going back for dinner!
4	Really nice place. We had the salumi di cacoa, st. andre, and drunken goat cheese for our little cheese plate and they were all delicious. Focaccia di recco with LOCAL HONEYCOMB was amazing! What a great little appetizer. Riccio di Mare e Granchio (pasta with sea urchin and crab) and the Pizza della calabria for dinner and were both fantastic. The ambience is nice and they weren't very busy on Thursday. The staff were very nice and informative. A bit pricey but the food quality was superb, so well worth it.
4	Very solid all the way around. Food was interesting and tasty, service was just about perfect. Server recommended that we (three couples) share a bunch of small plates and entrees since it was our first time there. Works for me. Pork belly over white bean ragu was delightful. Octopus (which I usually don't eat) was also terrific. Farro salad (we had two vegetarians among us) was as good as I can imagine farro can be. A prosciutto and arugula pizza was super - thin, crispy, salty, fatty deliciousness. I passed on the other dishes, but everyone left full & happy. Servers and water were over frequently checking on us -- friendly without being intrusive. All good here.
4	Unfortunately I am very behind in writing this review so I can't remember exactly what we all had.  Overall though I remember there being a couple of amazing things, a couple really good and a couple that were good but we nothing special.  I do remember the asparagus being not as great as the reviews.  The gnocchi was So amazingly perfectly done.  The items that came with the cheese plate were really good.What really made the experience great was our waitress.  She was great.  Wish I remember her name.  She perfectly timed everything.  She came at all the right times to check up on us without being annoying.  The food was timed to come out in increments so you don't get too much at the same time.Overall I'd def. be back.
3	I hate to put a "not as good as Chicago" . . . but it wasn't. The one on Taylor street is really intimate. We were in the back room for Valentine's Day and it just felt really empty and large. The food was fine. Our server was very good.
4	I love this place.  I have had dinner here several times and enjoyed it very much. Service and Food quality are excellent.  Salumi Boards, Liver Pate and Ravioli are among my favs. Great food deals during happy hour but not such great cocktail/martini prices. The place is a little pricey but WELL worth the price. Oh..one more thing, the bread is to die for.
1	Totally unimpressed with Davanti Enoteca on Valentine's Day.  The service at the bar was good, but the specialty drinks were syrupy and lacking alcohol.  However, I would take bad drinks to the bad service my husband and I received during the sit-down dinner.  The wait staff was flat rude.  The pork dish my husband ordered was very dry, and my order of scallops was not worthy of it's pricetag.  I would not recommend this restaurant, and I do not plan on returning.  I will say some of my friends have had different experiences, but I will likely never get over the disappointment of our Valentine's dinner.  If you go here, stick to beer or wine and order pizza or pasta- hopefully they can't mess that up.
5	One of the best meals that I have had in a while!I met my friend Marty here for dinner this week. He raved about the food, and I was hoping to find a new and scrumptious restaurant to explore. We got there just in time for happy hour, so I was able to snag a house martini for $5. Fantastic way to start! We  started with bruschette...4 chunky slices of rustic italian bread with a drizzle of balsamic, small chunks of tomato and what I am guessing was fresh parsley. The bread was fresh and was the perfect consistency. I dislike when the bread is too thick and way too crispy and the toppings are just sitting on top and fall off everywhere. This was by far the best bruschette that I have ever had. The balsamic complimented the light toast and the freshness of the toppings was just to die for. We then ordered the Pizza della Terra...wild mushrooms, braised leeks, taleggio cheese and truffle oil. What a creation! The smooth truffle oil with the earthiness of the mushrooms was an incredible compliment to one another. The cheese was not one that I was familiar with, but was creamy and distinct. The leeks were caramelized and added depth to the overall experience. I can see why this pizza was featured as one of Phoenix's best (and is also why I ordered it). Chef Peter stopped by our table and was gracious and friendly. Attentive and personable wait staff as well. I will be returning and giving rave reviews by mouth whenever I can!
2	Ordered the chicken dish which came cold along with the under cooked asparagus. The server was unctuously effusive and the service was sporadic with some of tour party served much before the others. The ambiance was appealing to the tourist who will dine and then depart.  And the prices were too high, geared to gauge the tourist perhaps.There are far better restaurants in Scottsdale than to bother with this one. This was the first and last time for this diner.
5	The hubs and I stopped in with friends this past weekend without knowing anything about this place. Holy moly, we love this place.The service is awesome, starting from the hostesses to the waitstaff to the support staff. Our reservation was actually ready ON TIME and we were seated at a round table in the middle of the restaurant. Great ambiance - and it was just loud enough to be bustling, but not so loud that we couldn't hear each other.Our server started by telling us that the portions are smaller and you order a few plates to share. Sounded fun to us!We started the night off with a bottle of Malbec from Argentina (I don't remember the name) and it hit the spot. We took our server's suggestion and went with the focaccia di recco. It came to our table warm and oh my gosh, it was delicious. The honeycomb was such an interesting touch and added the right amount of sweetness to the focaccia & cheese. We then ordered the house special ragu, which that night was a bolognese served over polenta. Again, delicious. Our table then went a bit nuts and ordered a TON. Of. Stuff.Here is the list, that I can remember:- Orecchiette (SO good, with a spicy kick)- Pork Belly- Prosciutto Pizza- Soppressata PIzza- Grilled Asparagus Salad- Gnocchi- Davanti Sundae for dessert (of course)- Peanut Butter mousseWe left incredibly full, and so happy. The menu is different the food is delicious, and I can't imagine ordering something that didn't taste delicious. I can't wait to go back!
5	In short: wow! If you're into the details, keep on reading.We stopped in randomly on a Wednesday night. My fiance and I had been looking for a good tapas/small plates restaurant for some time and after one bite of the brusccheta, we were hooked. This plate changes nightly and tonight it was soft goat cheese with roasted cauliflower and roasted  garlic with arugula and aged balsamic vinegar. YUM.We also had the clams with house-made sausage, escarole and chiles, and the Formaggi + Salumi prosciutto, dry fennel salami, Roaring Forties cheese, and Truffle Tremor. This dish took me right back to Italy. Our server, Justin, was great. He was very knowledgeable about the menu and had some great suggestions.The patio was beautiful and overall service was attentive, but not intrusive.If you're in the mood for simple, but delicious Italian small plates, look no further!
4	I went to Davanti last night for the BF's birthday with a party of 5 (including Stephanie B.). I must say, I don't think I have said 'mmmmm' that much at one restaurant in a long time. I had tried Davanti at Devoured (say that 3 times fast). At Devoured they had this porchetta sandwich that was crazy good, so that is what made us go there for the BF's b day. I tried several things last night including:-Bruschetta of the day- pureed artichoke with pancetta....so delicious, perfectly crunchy bread with creamy deliciousness on top.-Focaccia di recco- This was ridic. This was one of the best things I have tasted in a long time. Crispy crust...soft creamy cheese...honeycomb...this was crazy amazing (thanks Stephanie B for the rec!)-Uovo Raviolo- delicious, but small. It is one medium size raviolo with a whole egg inside. It also has cheese and spinach inside and is covered in brown butter. When you cut the raviolo open the yolk breaks and just adds to the sauce. It was really tasty, but for 10$ it was a little much. -Burger- I tried the burger and it was very good. Loved the bacon marmalade. Cooked well.-Prosciutto pizza- very tasty pizza that had fresh arugula on it and was pretty delish. -Funghi pizza- I didn't love this one, it was mushroom and leek and the leek was just a little overpowering. I also got a hibiscus margatini- this drink was sweet, but not too sweet. It was very tasty. It was expensive, but I would order it again. This place was very good and it was fun going with a big group so we could try lots of different things (though we totally over ordered and had TONS of leftovers). I would definitely come back here, this place has some serious five star potential. I would like to come at lunch time and get more focaccia and some delish sandwiches....yum!
4	Happy Hour Review:We came here on the Monday after Easter around five.  The bar area was somewhat empty except for a few patrons.  The booths on the right as you walk in were full, with eight or so customers.  It became busier over the next hour, but not chaotic.AMBIANCE:Davanti is trying for the upscale Italian Grotto feel. On the wall near the high tables, they have created a unique piece of wall art (see photo) by using the ends of wooden wine boxes tacked to the wall. There are no TVs going with sporting events, or news.CLIENTELE:It was a mixture of thirty-something, along with some active retirees in golf/tennis attire. Everyone was sitting back, enjoying each others company and having a good timeMENU:Davanti has a few of it's regular dinner items marked down slightly ($2.00-3.00). As for libations, it's mostly a mixture of beer and wines for $5.00(see photos).SERVICE:It's a little uneven in the beginning, but as more waitstaff arrived they got it together.  One note about the staff. These are very sharp, knowledgeable folk who are friendly and willing offer their insight on both food and wine in a relax way. No know-it-alls, just sharp and friendly.MOOD:The mood is very relaxed.  The waiters come by more to check-in and see where you are; otherwise they leave you along unless they sense you are at stopping point for more wine/drinks or food.  Very upscale.FOOD:Everyone raves about the food at Davanti's for good reason.  It's both creative and well executive. In other words, it's delicious!! One of our favorites is their bruschetta, that has a sweet balsamic and oil mixture with fried Kale on top for only $5.00.  Really nice. We also tried their HH Ribs which were only $10.00 and very good. I ordered their Cannellini Vasi.  It was smoked beans with a light balsamic and Cipollini onion.  Flavorful, but not over bearing taste.PRICES:Our bill came to a very fair $31.60 including taxes, but before gratuities. Since they were out of one of the items we ordered, our server offered us a free dessert. Very professional.We'll be back!
5	For my 1500th review, wanted to review a really good restaurant.  We were lucky enough to stumble across this place recently.  As soon as we saw the menu, we knew we found a slice of Heaven!  We were seated in the back dining room and the server explained that the food was served "tapas style", meaning that whatever was prepared first would come out....therefore, it wasn't your traditional appetizer-entree-dessert type setup.  OK, we were good with that.  After browsing the menu, we ordered:Focaccia di Recco (Ligurian style baked Focaccia, Soft Cow Cheese, add local Honeycomb), $16.....this was ridiculously good and filling.  We didn't realize how much food this was and we were only on our 1st item! LOLhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/davanti-enoteca-scottsdale?select=CMqEfDqZuL5MN2mUFHu3iA#CMqEfDqZuL5MN2mUFHu3iAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/davanti-enoteca-scottsdale?select=9AU4B82rUc3OU4veLMM4wA#9AU4B82rUc3OU4veLMM4wACrispy Pork Belly (Cannellini Beans, Pears, Herb Salad, Mostarda Oil)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/davanti-enoteca-scottsdale?select=GLSn7knJjVec_6i-InJCVQ#GLSn7knJjVec_6i-InJCVQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/davanti-enoteca-scottsdale?select=uR9-jw6YoGyc1-GxLQnBxg#uR9-jw6YoGyc1-GxLQnBxgRoasted Cauliflower Steak (Sicilian Olive Tapenade, Marinated Lemon Jam)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/davanti-enoteca-scottsdale?select=JYfa2oARQsm3gTJCaqRYoA#JYfa2oARQsm3gTJCaqRYoAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/davanti-enoteca-scottsdale?select=31H6S8pS9enicg1DpjHezA#31H6S8pS9enicg1DpjHezAScottadito Style Ribs (Saba, Crushed Hazelnuts, Roman Gorgonzola Dolce Slaw)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/davanti-enoteca-scottsdale?select=qY5FEUmRb9MPpCdDq9s5sQ#qY5FEUmRb9MPpCdDq9s5sQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/davanti-enoteca-scottsdale?select=_j-Ky2gJN21ylVgt4hkg2A#_j-Ky2gJN21ylVgt4hkg2Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/davanti-enoteca-scottsdale?select=-ZSL7SFeZ0GOM634ORbzmw#-ZSL7SFeZ0GOM634ORbzmwGnocchi di Ricotta (Eggplant, Roasted Tomatoes, Basil, Mozzarella), $15http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/davanti-enoteca-scottsdale?select=5eMwGSFfw4N7gZEDR6tdhg#5eMwGSFfw4N7gZEDR6tdhghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/davanti-enoteca-scottsdale?select=j1ndNZNgfcksxLjA6m5TjQ#j1ndNZNgfcksxLjA6m5TjQPizza D.O.C. (Tomato, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil), $11http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/davanti-enoteca-scottsdale?select=MSCA2Mp_n_aIQj-W_aYv_w#MSCA2Mp_n_aIQj-W_aYv_whttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/davanti-enoteca-scottsdale?select=35qtZMM-9FsPUISWnF7znQ#35qtZMM-9FsPUISWnF7znQI don't know where to start....all of the food was amazing!  The Focaccia de Recco is absolutely fabulous....and filling!  It's a must-have.  After having the first item come out, we realized that we ordered too much food...but it was too late, so we decided to have a tasting dinner and take some home.Everything was full of flavor and had fresh ingredients....our taste buds were going crazy! Besides the Focaccia, my fav's were the Gnocchi, Ribs, and Pizza.  The Cauliflower Steak was very good too, but wow is that a huge portion!  The Pork Belly was also good, but very rich....a good item to share with a group.Our server was excellent and attentive all night long.  She helped us select our items and was very friendly.There was only 1 complaint about the evening....we were seated in the back dining room with 1 large group that we think was there for a Wine dinner.  Since they were "talking Wine" and other stuff, they were loud.  The dining room has hard surfaces, there's no fabric or anything there to soften the sound....so needless to say, we heard all about their Wine flight, where it was made, and such and such....they group got louder as they consumed more Wine....that's to be expected.  Next time we go, we'll ask if there's a Wine dinner or large group and kindly ask for another table to avoid it.Return Factor - 95%
5	This restaurant is a winner!  High energy, great food and great location!  Such fresh and flavorful ingredients!
1	We had been looking forward to visiting this place for weeks. We decided the Happy Hour menu looked more interesting than the lunch. Boy were we wrong. First of all their concept of HH is wrong. Charging a dollar or 2 less than the same dinner item is not a Happy Hour. Nor is charging $2 less for an inferior wine that doesn't even appear on the regular wine list! Thats just robbery.When the waiter came over I pointed to 2 wines on the list and asked what they were...'wine' he said. i should have got up and left right then! And the food...as disappointing as the service. We ordered the Mussels in a savory tomato sauce. Half the Mussels were 'off' and the bread was a soggy, greasy fried lump. Where is a nice chunk of fresh italian artisan bread? Next was the $11 ribs. Obviously heated up from the night before they were tasteless, dry and overcooked. The coleslaw accompaniment however was simply heavenly.The Bruschetta was not toasted but  'fried' on the griddle so the taste of the old grease permeated the bread. It was also burnt on the bottom.I tried the fried pigs ears. Sounded interesting. But again, everything was covered in a greasy film of old, stale grease. Now I know a dish of FRIED pigs ears, and FRIED kale and FRIED egg has to be fried. But a good chef should be able to lightly fry a dish like that so the flavors shine....not drown in a sea of oil.The only saving grace? After complaining to the waiter he did deduct 2 dishes from our bill.Not somewhere i am in a hurry to visit again....there are way too many better options in town.
5	We LOVED Davanti! Went for dinner and tried numerous dishes and everything was fantastic.  The califlower steak was awesome, the ricotta foccocia w/ honeycomb to die for!  We had pork, steak and clam dishes and the gnocci. Everything was superb! Great service too and our waitress very knowledgable. Can't wait to go back!
5	LOVE this place! The environment is low-key and the service is always friendly. Try the raviolo - it's delicious.
4	Having been out enjoying a little Happy Hour down the way we begin talking about Davanti and how we wanted to try.  By then it was within dinner service hours and I called to see if they required reservations.  They are highly recommended but not required but they had just had a cancellation and had an opening.  Being just 15ish min or less down the road we jumped on the opportunity.  We arrived and we were greeted and seated promptly.  I can see why you should make a reservation they were PACKED.  By which I mean every table was full, otherwise there was plenty of room and the location was cozy, inviting, rustic and home-y.   The menu simple but filled with many quality options.  Most farm to table and seasonal.  We had been hearing about their  focaccia di recco: ligurian style baked focaccia w fresh soft cow cheese so we ordered it and of course we added the local honeycomb.  The honeycomb is mandatory, as it totally made what was already a stellar choice sing like angels.  Yeah I really thought it was that good.  It's simplicity, the thin crisp layers of focaccia, the creamy milky flavor of the cheese with the honey.  I still dream of this and have decided on my next trip I am not sharing this with my dining companions.  [It will be mine....ALL mine.....]Not wanting too much we decided to split an entree.  Both being fans of octopus and seeing it on the menu, we made the selection: Polpo con Rafanoseared octopus, warm fingerling potato salad ,marcona almonds,celery root , finnochiona and  fresh horseradish aioli.  My imagination then wandered to Spain where I had some of the most awesome octopus, pulpo a la gallega, warm tender sliced octopus served with chunks of steaming potato, drizzled with rich Spanish olive oil and sprinkled with sea salt.  When the it arrived there were 2 tentacle sections, octopus has a notorious texture but when done right it is very tender (not too chewy).  We each enjoyed the flavor of the accompaniments, and the potatoes roasted to perfection. The flavor of the octopus was smokey/earthy but the texture was a bit dry, tough and chewier than the octopus I have had even at sushi restaurants (and that can be rather chewy).     that of being left on a grill a bit long that was not hot enough.  Not a highlight of the meal.That night we also split dessert, carrot cake with honey gelatto. It was served somewhat deconstructed with a soft perfectly spiced cake round atop of a portion of perfectly sweetened cream cheese frosting (yes the frosting was at the bottom) accompanied by lightly salted toasted walnuts and a scoop of honey gelato (rich honey flavor, delicately sweet with a hint of saltiness that further enhanced the honey flavor.) AMAZING!!The management and staff were friendly, professional and accommodating.   I can not wait to go back!!
4	I've been here before and I enjoyed the unique starter plates very much and again for Restaurant Week I enjoyed a new one. I had the cauliflower steak before and it doesn't disappoint it's a delicious combination of flavors and textures that work together really well. The cauliflower is caramelized, the chickpeas are roasted and nutty tasting with some texture. They use olives for that twang taste and you get that slight almost ceaser dressing taste threw it. It's very good.We also shared the Truffle Egg Toast with Fontina Cheese and asparagus. It comes out as a thick piece of toast with melted cheese topped with two egg yolks that someone cuts up for you at the table. The toast is surrounded with slices of white asparagus. This is one of those oozy gooey yummy dishes that most people love. I usually don't care for white asparagus because of it's strange texture and lack of taste but in this application it's perfect and adds the right texture to the dish and absorbs the flavors.For dinner I had the wild salmon. I liked that they crisped the skin really well and the fish was seasoned nicely. The spring vegetable ragu was an interesting combination that looked like it was made of farro and pea green tops and other vegetables. This side ran on the sweet side for me. The plate was also decorated with whipped fava beans.My husband had the Pork Porterhouse he said it was great.We both picked the Gelati for dessert and our waiter didn't bring us the exact flavors we requested but we had a large assortment so it didn't matter. But watch out for the Italian Cookie. If you have loose fillings or fake teeth you might be in need for some dental work, that is one tough cookie and should be soaked.Overall it was a very good $30.00 Restaurant Week Choice.
3	Never been here, and now never will be as alas, they are closed.
5	Far too amazing to disappear so quickly.  Sadly it was just announced that the Chicago-based Francesca's Restaurants, Inc., which owns the Scottsdale location  decided to shut the doors after a very short run here in the Valley.  What a huge loss  as this place was a truly great dining experience with an ambiance and menu worth experiencing over and over.  Head Chef Peter DeRuvo had once again unleashed his culinary magic and served up some of the most creative and utterly delicious Italian fare I've seen in quite some time here in the Valley - just read through the other reviews if you are a glutton for punishment and you'll quickly discover what you missed.
4	So apparently this is a chain? I've eaten now at two of them - one in Chicago, this one in Scottsdale, and both are great. I like "Old World' Italian, as this is, much better than "New World" (i.e. Olive Garden) Italian. The food is superb (especially the cheese flat break with honey. That shit is Dannnnnk), wine is good. Location, like I guess everything in Arizona, is hard to get to without a car. Doesn't feel as authentic in Chicago because I don't trust yuppified towns like Scottsdale to not be overly yuppified, but maybe that's just mine own thing. If you are staying at the Scottsdale Plaza Resort, this is easily the best restaurant in the area, without going into the main town.
4	We went here for happy hour a couple weeks ago, but before I could even write a review, they were closed! Yep, as of June 2013 - CLOSED!
5	So, so sad to see this place has closed. We were lucky enough to have two meals here, and they were both wonderful. It's a shame that the owners didn't give it more time. I can only hope Davanti Enoteca resurfaces in some other manifestation in the future.
4	Wow that orecchiette is terrific!  Love everything we've had there.  Nice place, great energy here on a Saturday night.  Great drinks, Food is reasonably priced, $11 - 17 entrees
4	Unexpectedly exceptional. Get the polenta and ragu dish of the day. Any of the homemade pasta is fantastic and we especially loved the ricotta gnocchi. Highly recommend this place.
