4	UPDATE++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++I tried the breakfast, they have some seasonal "Spring" items on the menu. One of them being the Blueberry Brown Sugar Pancakes, Wildflower signature pancakes, blueberries and brown sugar served with orange sour cream, hot maple syrup and sweet creamy butter. (see pics) OMG!! Let me just say these were inexplicably Delicious, you have no idea what that Orange sour cream  did for those pancakes! A Match made in heaven!! YOU MUST TRY!I Also ordered the Honey-Cured Ham & Brie Frittata: eggs, ham, brie, sauted apples, sage and leeks, served with Wildflower Home Fries and buttered toast (see pics)This was also pretty good, the toast and potatoes were just OK but I really liked the eggs.Adding to my list of Good Breakfasts.++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++This place has pretty good sandwiches/salads/soups. I haven't tried their breakfast menu or their pasta.It's good for a quick lunch or to grab some to go.I Love their BLT Plus, it comes with bacon, romaine, tomato, cheddar, avocado and herb mayo on toasted Sourdough, although the sourdough can be a bit tough to chew so I always ask for mine on the Focaccia...mmmmmmm......much better I can chew it and it doesn't cut up your mouth.Down side: It's in the mall, although not in the food court, its at its own entrance by Dillard's. It tends to be quite loud and obnoxious when busy.You stand in line to order and then they bring out your food,  if their is no tables available I wont even get in the line.
5	When I go here I always look forward to when I can go back.  I enjoy the bread bowls of soup, the sandwiches, the pasta- Butternut Squash and Garlic Lemon Penne are my favorites.  I also like the new flavored lemonade they have and the iced coffee.  I have never like the desserts though.
5	MMMMMM  Potato Cream Cheese Soup MMMMM1/2 Sandwich and Potato Cream Cheese Soup .... GREAT lunch!
4	The sausage and egg sandwich was incredibly tasty.  I would recommend putting it on another bread.  The ciabatta is a good flavor combination but the outer crust is incredibly tough.  Impossible to eat as a sandwich so ended up using a fork.  Finding seating was a challenge during a busy holiday shopping weekend.  I think that is a testament to the popularity of the place.The service from the gentleman who rang me up behind the counter was decent.  I was also pleased that I didn't have to wait in a line to pick up my food.  It was quickly delivered right to my table despite the crowd.
4	I love this place for coffee and a roll. Gotta go early to secure the prime real estate (booth). The service can be troublesome and it gets really crowded but for me the early morning coffee atmosphere makes up for it. Big, open, warm, with self serve coffee refills and a patio.  Similar but larger than the Paradise Bakery in Ocotillo.If you sleep in forget about going to either one of these places. The crowded hassle is not worth it.
3	A Sunday brunch connoisseur cannot ever get blown away by this place. I will not complain about the ambience, it is indeed pretty. But I'm definitely not going to vouch for the food here. I don't know if this has something to do with the Chandler location but nothing on the menu is upto the mark.When you look at the menu it sounds grander than it actually is. Believe me when I say that the pancake or french toast looks far more appetizing at IHOP. I'd suggest that you spend 10 mins preparing the Potato and Leek packet soup (by Knorr) at home rather than taste any of their creamy soups.During the shopping season they put novices behind the cash counters and take inordinately long to serve a plate that totally falls short of your expectations.A strategic location or good interiors does not make for a good restaurant!
3	I have always liked this place and find the overall ambience and food to be very enjoyable, although it's generally very crowded around the lunch hour.  I stopped here for lunch today at 12:00pm on the dot.  It was packed, very loud with about five to seven people in line.  Fortunately the line moved fairly quickly since I was starving.  I'm on a low carb diet, which limits my food options in general.....why I'm having lunch at a place known for their homade bread doesn't make much sense!  I must like torture!!!  Well, I stick to the diet and order the grilled chicken ceasar salad to go.  I've eaten this salad at leat five or six times and always enjoy the tangy dressing, freshly grated parmesean cheese and nice portion of grilled chicken, along with the addition of sauteed mushrooms.  It also includes homemade croutons and two HUGE slices of freshly baked sourdough!  I was, again, able to avoid temptation!!!  This time the salad was just not that good...it had too much dressing, not enough lettuce and a smaller portion of chicken.  I should have gone with the hummus plate which is still fairly low carb as it's served with grilled vegetables.I have stopped here for breakfast from time to time and have really enjoyed the frittatas and breakfast sandwiches (pre low carb era).  It's nice to be able to sit in a comfy chair and read the newspaper while enjoying the food.  Overall, I think Wildflower is pretty good at what they do.  They sure know how to pack in the crowds :)
4	After another visit to Wildflower, I decided they're way better than Paradise Bakery, which is only OK in my book and thus deserve 4 stars. As I get on Yelp to update my review, I see I have an email from the founder addressing my issues! That right there was great costumer service and will make me a loyal costumer. I'm hoping to try the breakfast soon, those pancakes are calling my name.*3.5*I like it! Sandwiches are good, very tasty bread, salads are fresh and I enjoy the potato cream cheese soup. I've been to two locations and they get crazy busy around lunch time. While being busy is usually a sign of being good, I just don't enjoy ordering my food and then waiting around for a table, plus a couple of times I had the wrong food brought to me and it took a while to flag someone to correct it.
4	My coworker likes to eat here when we're at the mall over lunch, and honestly, the place had to grow on me (seriously half a year).  I've worked out my formula -- a half sandwich (winner: roast beef gorg) and a pastry or dessert (winner: palmier but I'm working thru the ho hum case).What has won me over:  fresh, chewy breads, the mgr who is bussing tables alongside the rest of the staff, the bussers themselves are friendly, a microwave if you have to heat up small kid's food, even a courtesy phone!  They really try to make your whole experience pleasant... the level of detail to customer orientation is pretty amazing, it's all in small ways but adds up. Actually the phone is what gave it the 4th star... it's just soooo... courteous.  Goodness forbid I'm without my cell or the battery is dead, but I will appreciate that phone is there one day.. I'm sure.
3	I would say its OK. My boyfriend loves it! He would give it 5 stars. He loves the breakfast. He says its consistent. He loves the wifi and he loves the ice tea. The staff is wonderful! My issue is I cant eat at the same place over and over. However he can. I would say depending on what you order, they can be high priced. But none of these places, Paradise included can compare to Panera Bread! That is a 5 plus stars.
4	The mall is not always the best place to find good food, but Wildflower is a hidden gem in the Chandler Fashion Mall, serving up fresh, good food that's moderately priced.  There's something for everyone here no matter what meal you seek--breakfast, lunch, or dinner, and it is all good.Breakfast is served later on the weekends, but it's worth getting up for on any weekday.  Their frittatas are delicious, but I'm nuts about the toast.  The bread is flavorful, crispy, and chewy all at once.  Just make sure you ask for jam.  It comes in a cute glass container, and the flavors are divine.Lunch is usually why I come here, and Wildflower never fails to disappoint.  As a vegetarian, coming to a bakery can sometimes be difficult.  Not many places offer veggie-friendly sandwiches that are actually tasty, but Wildflower offers several.  My favorite is the roasted sweet potato, but the portobello picnic is climbing the charts.  They rotate through a seemingly-endless selection of soups, and always offer at least one (though usually 2) vegetarian-friendly soups each day.  My favorite?  The vegetarian black bean.  Hearty, mildly spiced, and served piping hot.  I wish they served it every single day, but even if they aren't, I have half a dozen menu items from which to choose.I finally had their pasta the other day, and this has proven to be the second-biggest disappointment about this restaurant.  This isn't to say that it was bad!  In comparison to the rest of their stellar food, the pasta was merely satisfactory.  Still filling, and still a masterful medley of flavors and ingredients not often found in food at chain restaurants.Desserts are rather "eh."  Twice I've had the coconut lemon torte (I think that's what it's called?) and while the flavors blended well, it had the distinct taste that freezer-burned baked goods have, and that was enough to put me off of ever ordering dessert from them again.Still, the fast, friendly service and excellent breakfast/lunch menu is enough to make me rate this place 4 stars.  Even during the lunch rush I've not had to wait more than a few minutes for my food, though it can be next to impossible to find a table sometimes.
3	5/20/10It has been years since I first tried the Roasted Sweet Potato (fig confit, mozz, arugula, tomato, fennel, sweet potato, and balsamic vinaigrette on herb foccacia) here (2003), so I decided to have it again since last having it in Sedona a few years ago.  It wasn't a fave WBC item of mine in '03 (it was all about the Lemon-ricotta pancakes for me then, and still now, although I haven't had any since Sedona, and that's bec. it's rare for me to make my way to WBC on the weekends, when breakfast is served till 2p, and before 10:30a on the weekdays), but I really am a fan of it now!  Even if you aren't a vegetarian, as long as you like your veggies, you would find something you'll like in this sandwich.  (WBC is also willing to customize most items for you- omitting certain veggies and subbing others, if need be.)  This sandwich was very filling, and I could easily have squeezed two meals out of the serving.  I didn't.5/26/10Was very hungry, and I couldn't decide if I wanted the Penne or Linguine or the Chopped Salad, so I ordered both!  The pasta came w/ a choice of pasta and a choice of sauce (marinara, pesto, or alfredo), topped w/ parsley and grated parmesan.  All pasta dishes, available from 3pm 'til closing, are served w/ a small piece of grilled garlic bread.  I chose penne and alfredo sauce.  The chopped salad usually comes w/ wild Alaskan salmon, couscous, feta, arugula, red bell peppers, sweet corn, dried cranberries, and sunflower seeds, w/ a pesto vinaigrette and a bit of bread.Didn't care for the penne alfredo at all.  The alfredo sauce was VERY watery, w/ no viscosity to it, whatsoever.  It was very bland- I asked for more parmesan, but it didn't help.  Next time, I'll try the pesto.  The chopped salad, however, was terrific!  I ordered mine w/out the red bell peppers and corn, but it was still very flavorful.  The texture of the wild salmon seemed of the canned variety, but it was nicely presented, and added another dimension to what was already a great salad.  I'd have been happy w/ the feta, couscous, arugula, dried cranberries, and pesto vinaigrette!  Loved the flavor that the sunflower seeds gave to the salad, as well as the crunch factor- so much fun!!  The plain bread that it came with, however, was pretty dull, but that's just me.  Next time, I'll ask if they can sub some grilled bread, instead.
4	It's easy like Sunday morning. Actually it's busy on Sunday morning.They have a pastry case which beats out both Starbucks & Paradise combined, but would you expect less from a bread company?I ordered my standard soy latte with sugar free vanilla, and it was good!  Dare I say better than the one Paradise sells?  Yes, I dare.I also went with the Peach Bran muffin.  My first bite from the top of the muffin contained a large slice of sweet peach.  Delicious.  The muffin top was fairly moist, but the muffin rump was a little dry.I'll be back to try the Blueberry pancakes Sarah wrote about.
4	Not long after I moved to Chandler I was looking for a good place for a salad.  I had been to the Wildflower in Tempe so I checked to see if there was a location closer and this is the one that came up.  I plugged the address into my trusty GPS and off I went.  This location is in the mall.  Yes there is a door that leads into it from the outside but if you didn't know that, you would never find it and that night I did not find it.  Flash forward to walking around the mall one day and VIOLA! there it is.  Boy did I feel dumb.  This location is clean, the staff is friendly and accomadating and the food is good.  The area in front of the counter is large so that you don't get in anyones way while looking at the menu or the baked goods.  They even have a few chairs there so you can sit and wait for your to go order.  There are plenty of tables and some booths.  I have never had a bad meal here.  I love the oriental chicken salad and the potato cream cheese soup.  I have purchased bread and other baked goods and they were always fresh and delicious.  If I had to choose between Wildflower and Paradise, it would be Wildflower hands down.
3	So i have been here twice now for a meal. once for breakfast and once for lunch. i tried the ham & brie frittata. i dont know if its just me or if sweet eggs just isn't that delightful.  yes...you read that right...sweet eggs. When i eat eggs i love them to be either covered in ketchup and/or hot sauce, or plain with potatoes. Wildflowers country potatoes or whatever were nice and had lots of flavor but the chunks were like eating mashed potatoes per bite. which i dont mind. but i still love crackers and co. so much more.  Now for the lunch i tried...the sweet potatoe sandwich might have been decent if there was not the fig compote on it. I just hated the sandwich. i had to take it apart and eat everything seperated. except i just took the fig compote off and scraped it onto a napkin. blah. i might give them two more chances as far as breakfast and lunch meals go. but the onlything thats keeping them at a 3 star rating right now is their Amazing chocolate croissants and their yummy blackberry orange lemonade. Yummm. Seriously Those are my only winners right now and their bread with a little bit of butter...
5	Great sandwiches and soups. Very unique tasting stuff here. Their salads are also good. I usually do the wildflower pick two, and I'm never really disappointed. I'm usually not into these 'bread company' places, but I think this place is unique. I've really only been here for lunch and dinner so I can't comment on breakfast, but I know they serve it. The pick two combo is amazing for price, I'm not sure I'd go for any of the other stuff. The chai latte was also surprisingly good. Service is excellent, and food is always served promptly. NEVER had an issue when I went here. Great, consistent, good food. soup/bread boules (i think they spell it weird) are good too. this place is DEFINITELY worth a look.
5	Ah bread, how I love thee - let me count the ways...The bread is awesome, and if you're a whole grains fan, their whole grain breads are nice and chewy with all kinds of healthy crunch. They sell all their breads, and usually have a little taste for you too.Caesar salads - Yes, I know thee well.  Wildflower's Caesar is surprising - if you hate mushrooms (and you're weird if you do), don't order it.  Otherwise, GET THIS SALAD.  I love the dressing, which isn't drowning the lettuce, and then there's marinated sliced mushrooms on top which go surprisingly well with the cheese, and giant parmesan bread crouton.Now, let's talk pasta: it's only available for dinner.  Go to the mall for dinner? HECK YEAH!  I'm a huge fan of their pastas, and in wintertime it's happy happy joy joy because the Butternut Squash Ravioli with Walnut butter sauce...OMG.  Now for lunch, get there early - it does get PACKED and has been for at least 3 years solid.  Get there before 11:30, or after 1:00 p.m. - or be prepared to stand in line staring at the menu and being unable to make up your mind, and then Jonesing for a highly coveted table (good luck).
5	We have dinner here at least once a week. Grandkids love the cupcakes because they are half frosting and half cake. Best potato cream cheese soup in town. Something for everyone on the menu.
4	11/17/10And yet, another WBC update- this time it's regarding the "Thanksgiving" sandwich, which was basically oven-roasted turkey, sage stuffing, and cranberry jam on delicious whole-grain bread.  Had the opportunity to try bite-sized samples at a Yelp event a few days before this visit and enjoyed it so much, I had to have a full sandwich soon after!  Well, OK, so I shared the other half w/ a petite cousin of mine-- she absolutely loved it! We swore that the next time, we'd get our own Thanksgiving sandwiches.  No sharing!12/23/10Doing last-minute Christmas shopping FOR MYSELF, I soon felt hunger pangs and WBC was calling my name!  (It's so nice to know that I can always count on WBC for a tasty meal for those times I don't feel like hauling across the valley in search for good eats!)  The aromas that permeated the air as I approached its warm and intimate setting told me that I made the right decision to eat here.  I quickly peruse the menu, thinking I'd have the Butternut squash ravioli that appeared in so many OYEs this year, but lo!  What do I see?  WBC's added a few new sandwiches, and one hot option jumped at me, and its name was "Braised Beef," ($7.99).  I'll try that one, please!The braised beef was TOPPED w/ rosemary-gorgonzola mashed potatoes, served on a grilled ciabatta roll, and accompanied w/ au jus and horseradish sauce, w/ a side of both regular and sweet potato chips.  Let me tell you, the beef and mashed potato combo was incredible!  I ate the whole sandwich!  (Well, all of the beef and potatoes and half of the ciabatta roll.  Gotta keep a svelte figure, y'know?  LOL.)  I'm going to have to order this again the next time I visit!
3	This place used to be great but now, it's just average. The bread is great, don't get me wrong, but I find that the prices and quality of the rest of the ingredients just don't mesh. As an example, when we last dined here, my husband ordered the smoked salmon omelette. We had to dig through the entire thing to find the one piece of smoked salmon in it. The breakfast potatoes tend to be mealy and served luke warm instead of hot and the herbs on them are lacking. I need me some more sea salt and rosemary!The sandwiches are a good size, it's true and could easily be shared for a light lunch but I just feel like the quality of this place is not as good as it once was now that it's a super busy family place. I will still eat here when I hit the mall but I won't go out of my way to visit this place. I do like their turkey breast and brie sandwich but I wish the mustard was a little heartier. I love stoneground mustards, though, and I suppose I could ask for extra. This place is busy, busy so arrive with a buddy and have them scope out a table while you order.
3	The food here is consistently good. I am not really a sandwich person so this is not my favorite place to go. But it is a good option for lunch while at the Chandler mall. The sweet potato sandwich is my favorite and I also really like their soups and pastries (good for breakfast too, scone and a coffee, yum). I agree with Lynn W. that this place is much better than Paradise Bakery.
5	Great food-  I love their Oriental Chicken Salad.  Every time I'm there I am so impressed by their service.  I can't rave about this company enough.
3	Serviceable soup and sandwich joint but I would have rather eaten at Paradise Bakery (they have cookies for instance).
3	I've only ventured here once and wasn't extremely impressed. It wasn't awful by any means I just don't see the point in walking through the entire Chandler mall to get there, waiting in line for 10 min, paying $9ish dollars for a mediocre (besides the bread!) sandwich, waiting another -10ish minutes for my order then walking all the way back to work on the other side of the mall and only having 30 minutes left to sit and enjoy my lunch.i'd much rather bring lunch from home.I ordered the sweet potato sandwich on the herb bread and I was disappointed. The flavors were bland and it wasn't fresh. The bread on the other hand, AMAZING. So yummy.I would go back there to purchase a loaf of bread but thats about it.
4	I'm writing an update for Wildflower Bread Company because I feel my first review may have been a little harsh.Yes I had to wait, yes the particular sandwich I had wasn't exactly up to par that day BUT I appreciate more than ever a company who values and respects their customers and reaches out to them when they see someone didn't have the best possible experience. After my review, I was emailed by the owner of Wildflower apologizing for my sub par experience and what the company could do to make my experience better, etc... etc... I was completely taken back and surprised because NO other company has ever contacted me about a review, good or bad. I thought this was great and because of it, I am MORE than willing to give Wildflower another go. Any suggestions on menu options from my fellow Yelpers?? Message me your favorites! Thank you again Louis, you're pretty rad.
5	The best sandwich I have EVER eaten is their seasonal Thanksgiving sandwich. I wish they had it all year long. I have searched online and cannot seem to find when they start serving it but know it ends at Thanksgiving. Their lemon ricotta pancakes are to die for. I have never had a bad dish, though I agree with some reviews that at times I have waited 20-30 minutes for my food which seems ridiculous when you are not receiving waiter service. I have actually left the line before when it was apparent the line was long with only one cook making food. He actually sighed as the tickets printed out...poor guy. Not always a quick place to eat when wanting takeout or a quick meal.
5	I had to update my review today, after going to Wildflower for my typical "I'm in Chandler and I must get my Wildflower fix" nosh.Today, I was pleasantly surprised that when the counter person took my order she made sure to point out, and ask if a) capers were OK on my salmon dish, and b) if mushrooms were ok on my caesar salad.  The thing is, I've been coming here a long time, and have been with other coworkers who are surprised/shocked the caesar salad comes with mushrooms on top.  I think it's pretty damn cool that they are now, even though it's written clearly on the menu, for those folks who don't read item descriptions - giving customers a heads-up just in case.Outstanding adjustment in the counter help (not that I ever minded mushrooms in my caesar ;-) )
5	great soups and salads. They have seasonal food and specials that changes frequently.
4	I've been known to not be adventerous with food but in the last few years I've really tried to step out of my comfort zone.  The Mixed Grill was my first out of my box experience.  It's a hot sandwich, never would have but glad I did, that consists of ham, turkey, swiss, cheddar, carmelized onions, dill pickle and honey mustard.  Holy delicious.  It's a mess but so worth it.  Make sure you bring a wet nap because it can get sticky.My second out of box experience was with their Potato Cream Cheese soup.  I have never been a fan of "creamy" soups but tried this as I was urged by a coworker- I haven't been the same since.  This soup has some sort of magical power that makes me forget that I never liked creamy soups.  Again, not sure whats in it, besides the obvious, but its perfect.In addition to the food, the customer service is good too.  I've never had a visit that I've wished I hadn't made.Now, I'm hungry...
4	Very good sandwiches.  They have a turkey dinner sandwich this time of the year that is great.  Breakfast is not their strong suit, but a great lunch place.
1	I ordered a spaghetti with marinara and meatballs, which is not an easy order to mess up I might add, and it was Terrible! The marinara was flavorless and they forgot to drain all the water from the overcooked pasta. The meatballs were tasty, but that's the only good thing I have to say about this $10 "kid's meal".
4	This is a regular place my wife and I eat at in the chandler mall. Great food and the prices are fair. Very clean and the servers do a good job. A +
4	Why this Chandler Wilfdlower is better than .. you know who else at the Chandler mall food-court:-Their salads have great combinations and lost of ingredients-Their sandwiches are on the inventive and creative side-Their website has really thorough nutrition and you can customize your salads based what type of nutrition info you're concerned about-Their staff has always been really friendly & they're quick and keep the place clean-They rotate their salads/sandwiches (not sure if it's seaonally), but this is how I tried the awesome Cuban sandwich they had not too long ago.-Their manager lady so awesomely offered my sister a gift-card last time when her order took what the manger thought was "excessively long" to bring out... that is with zero complaining or face making.. the Manager just did it on her own.-PLUS, they have weekly complimentary bread tastings (better than chippers, I think) with butter or olive oil near the check-out line.. yum!
4	Wonderful restaurant  ! Especially this location..Always a line up but it moves quickly. Actually I appreciated being in line so I had a few moments to make up my mind about what to order...Everything sounds so exciting, such a creative menu & all made from scratch. i ordered the Oriental chicken salad with almond & sesame seeds and thai peanut dressing. It was great & he portion was huge..I couldn't even finish it.My husband had a turkey breast & brie sandwich with roasted red peppers on herb bread, which was also delicious.We would highly recommend this restaurant as a nutritious & great dining experience 1
5	Things I love about Wildflower bread company:Potato Cream Cheese SoupCaesar SaladStaffCustomer serviceThe last time I ventured in here was after some retail therapy.I ordered my favorite which is the Potato Cream Cheese Soup with a half/small Caesar Salad.Wait time was so fast and they were busy! A lady brought me the wrong order and quickly apologized and brought back the right order. I didn't even get a chance to be upset about the mix-up because it was quickly fixed. Yay!I like that if something is wrong with my order (which only happened once) they will fix it. I also like the friendly staff and great food. I will keep coming here. :)
5	You must try two things: the potato cream cheese bread bowl, and the chicken pesto sandwich.  And your child will LOVE their grilled cheese.  (I may or may not have ordered it myself a few times!)Great drinks too. This is a perfect place to eat in the mall...it's away from the food court and noise.
4	3 Words - Portobello Mushroom Soup.
5	The chopped salad with salmon and the potato cream cheese soup is one of my favorite meals. Chopped salad consists of wild Alaskan salmon, arugula, Israeli couscous, feta, red peppers, dried sweet corn, dried cranberries and sunflower seeds served with Pesto Vinaigrette.  It is my favorite salad... And with every order you get a  couple pieces of the famous WF bread - dip it in the soup...  excellent!  They are always quick to put together a take out order. Delicious food. Oh, and great carrot cake also... Always consistent quality.
5	I have to say that their potato soup is the best I've ever tried! I'm just disappointed we don't have one in California cuz I will be craving this soup forever!
4	Tried their new Atlantic Haddock Sandwich, and it was delicious! The fish was well cooked and flavorful, and the bread was so light and fluffy! And it came with a tasty orzo salad I wish I could have gotten more of. Also tried their soup (Chicken Basil Chili) and salad (Wildflower Salad) combo, and it was satisfying but not amazing. The salad has quite a bit of dressing, so I would suggest asking for the dressing on the side if possible. The bread that came with the soup and salad was yummy though! It's the bread of the month, and they also have samples in store, and it's available for purchase!
5	In two words: VARIETY and HEALTHY. This was my first time here although in the past I've walked by it loads of time. Had to stop for a bite to eat and it didn't disappoint. Looking at the menu is overwhelming, a good thing in my book. Everything sounds so fancy and delicious. They have a decent-sized breakfast menu. The place serves a mix of American gourmet with Italian favorites but with an organic twist. They have, for example, cranberry stuffed turkey sandwiches, egg parmesan sandwiches and a nice looking kale salad. The use of "soup of the day" on the menu is redudant because they have a daily choice of 6 yummy sounding soups. The staff is friendly. The place is well lit and cozy. Noise level from the mall doesn't seem to be a problem in the morning. So what did I order that was so great? I had the feta frittata, which looked like an egg omelette mixed with eggplant, zuchinni, bell peppers and roma tomatoes. The best part is, of course, the feta cheese... It came with a generous serving of buttered toast and papas fritas. For a drink, I ordered a chai tea, which is a tad overpriced at 3.95 for a small one. If I talk to my parents about how good this place is, with any luck, I'll get a gift certificate for Christmas.
4	This place is so good. Really big menu and everything I've had so far is really great! Their curry soup is basically my new addiction. Anywayss I digress... everything just tasted really fresh and everyone working was really nice. I'm defiantly a fan.
4	I realized yesterday, eating breakfast--my favorite, the Feta & Roasted Veggie Frittata--that I've eaten here so much that I can honestly say, I've tried the ENTIRE menu!When I worked full-time, I ate breakfast/lunch 3x a week at the Deer Valley location and since I'm in Ahwatukee, my location of choice is The Chandler Mall.Love this place. The setting is warm. The food is consistently good and I'm always happy with the service as well. They also get major kudos for putting "build-your-meal" style nutritional info on their web site. That way, you can deduct the bread or the butter or whatever you don't want to eat (to fit your dietary restrictions) and still have an accurate calorie/fat/carb/etc tally. Love that! Wish Paradise would do that...
4	This place is great.Super nice service, wifi and comfortable chairs to curl up in. These things make it a great place to great some homework done. Plus their soup is very delish.
5	We eat lunch at Wildflower several times a week. The staff is outstanding, as is the food. Nobody in town makes salads that even come close to Wildflower! I only wish they would bring back the Caribbean Cobb Salad--it was wonderful--but the others are good, too. Our favorite soup is the vegetarian vegetable. Some of the soups are a bit esoteric, but give them a try! If anything there is not to your liking, the staff will bend over backwards to make it right. They know us by name and greet us with a smile every time. I only wish we lived a little closer....It does get crowded at this Chandler Mall location around lunchtime--from 11:30 to 1:15, so go early for lunch. Also, weekend and holiday mornings are crowded with the breakfast bunch. I can't say enough good things about this place and its food and staff.
4	Pros: Delicious food for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Great variety of unique stuff - from the frittatas to the soups and pastas. I always love to grab a slice of carrotcake to enjoy at home later. Portions are about average, not too big or too small for the average appetite.Cons: Seating an lines. For both the Chandler and Tempe locations it can be a bit of a gamble going there to eat at peak dining times because it's popular and crowded. Worth the wait if you have the time -- if it weren't for this small issue, 5 stars.
5	Best sandwich/bakery shop! I love the atmosphere here. Their breakfast is amazing and they have really good soups for lunch. The staff at this location is really nice and pretty quick too. Perfect place for a meeting or coffee or whatev!
2	As the name implies, Wildflower makes bread.  They have a fairly wide variety of breads available.  You can buy just the bread if you want, but they serve actual food too.  Their food is sandwiches (hot or cold), soups, and salads.We were in the mall on an errand and stopped here on impulse.  There was a line, but they seemed to take the orders pretty quickly.  The cashier was friendly and helpful.  I ordered a soup in a sourdough bread bowl.  My wife ordered a soup and half sandwich.Service was very slow for just soup and sandwich.  Really slow.  Probably about 30 minutes to get the food.  Frankly, it was ridiculous.  If they were cooking the meal from scratch it might make sense, but just ladling out some soup and assembling a sandwich should take 10 minutes...tops.  There really is no excuse for nearly half an hour for such a simple order.Finally the food arrived.  First...where is the bread?  They had to hollow-out a sourdough bread loaf to put the soup in.  Where's the bread?  I've had this style of soup service before, and they usually put the chunk of bread they removed on the side.  I would have liked to have it.  It would have made the meal a bit more filling.  Without it the meal felt "small".  The soup itself was tomato garlic.  It was very good.  The bread bowl also was good (it really would have been nice to have that good bread they removed from it!!).  My wife also enjoyed her minestrone and sandwich.  I tried her minestrone, and it was very good.Had the service been faster, and I had been given the bread (which I'm sure they just threw away...wasteful buggers), I'd rate this three stars.  Maybe 3.5.  The food was very good.  Not 'fabulous', but very good.  However, the time to get a simple order of soup and sandwich is simply unreasonable and they must receive a deduction in rating for that alone.  Not giving me the bread also is really stupid.  It costs them nothing, and would have been a "class" move, in my opinion.
4	Normally I don't write an update so soon after doing a review.  But I did have to comment about something.  We went back here to try them again.  They weren't as busy as last time, so that may have been a factor, but the wait time for our food today was MUCH less than last time.  It was definitely reasonable this time.The quality of the food was about the same as last time (which was "good"), so give them a third star."But you show four stars now", you say.  Yes, I do.  Because of something I noticed this time.  One of the items I ordered was the soup in a bread bowl (again).  This time it came with the inside bread on the side, and the "cap" they cut out of the top to hollow out the bread.  Someone in management was listening here on Yelp!!  I gotta give bonus points for that (i.e. for the bread, and for management listening).  It is rare that management even pays attention to reviews like this (or so it seems), and even more rare that they do something about it.  Kudos to Wildflower for listening and caring!
3	The hair that was baked into my muffin was not as delicious as some may believe. Watch for hairs before you bite into your muffin. ;) Luckily the service, especially the guy at the register(Oliver), were really nice and made the experience better.
5	Above and beyond to make a custom sandwich!! Love this place.Peter sandwich!!!
4	The owner of the store made the situation right by contacting me. I wish more owners would realize this is a good way to make things right and keep customers who had a bad experience.
4	I worked in a mall for 5 years.. And I still love wildflower ! Always a yummy lunch :)
3	Pretentious. But sometimes you want that for lunch. Food is good. You just have to chew a lot. Lots of vitamin rich food.
2	We didn't have a great experience here. The food was very pricey which I am willing to pay for high quality food but this just wasn't it. I ordered the grilled cheese and it was really just a greasy mess. The bread wasn't grilled enough and I think they used oil instead of butter on it so it was just greasy instead of crispy on the outside. Hubby got the Mixed Grill which I liked better than mine but still wasn't great.
4	As much as I dislike chain restaurants, the Maple Harvest Super Greens is the best salad I ever have eaten. Well worth the 830 calories and $10.
5	Come Saturday night for dinner. It's wide open!Soups on and sandwiches are plentiful!There wasn't a big crowd because most consider this a lunch spot but whether your into eating light or heavy they have something on the menu for you.  Have you tired the open face chicken parmesan?  Definitely a Hungry Man entree!
5	Absolute favorite for breakfast. The banana walnut pancakes, sausage and egg sandwich, frittatas, oatmeal are all great. Love the house blend and passion tea. Nice atmosphere. And there have been times we've carried our. They package the meals very nicely.
2	The food was bland and the ciabatta bread was too hard to eat, but the employees were very pleasant.
5	I LOVE salads and find that the variety here is better than Paradise Bakery. Not only that, I feel that I get what I pay here. Of late, I've been stopping by WFBC in North Scottsdale and ordering a petite Wildflower Salad (it fills me up and it's absolutely delicious).Today I ordered one for pickup at Chandler Mall and, as an added bonus, a slice of Ginger Biscotti Cheesecake (never had it but looks devine). Upon getting home I was rather disappointed to find that my cheesecake was haphazardly thrown into it's package and in pieces....I can't tell if I got the whole slice or half. I immediately called the manager when I got home, she was very apologetic and offered a gift card for the mishap (I'll be picking that up this weekend ).I'm always satisfied with the service I receive from WFBC and the quality of their food. Though this incident was disappointing (I was looking forward to devouring that cheesecake), my salad is absolutely wonderful! I will continue to patronize WFBC.
3	Pleasant casual setting. You order cafe style and they bring it to your table. Limited booths so secure your booth first before ordering. Tables are ok but not as comfortable as booths. Food was well prepared and above average taste. We had a club sandwuch and a cobb salad. The service was excellent and they had a person that clears the table for you.. Friendly and casual environment. Very popular and rightfully so.
3	Breakfast is still the best thing going here. After that, the place goes down hill. Changes in management haven't been the best and it doesn't feel as friendly anymore. It can get busy on the weekends, but most evenings are relatively dead.
5	I work in the mall and I come here all the time! Great service and AMAZING food!!! They have the BEST passion fruit tea EVER!! They're usually always busy during lunch, which makes the wait for food a bit long...but totally worth it! I have food allergies, and they're very prompt about letting me know the ingredients in whatever I am ordering! Best place for lunch and breakfast!!
4	I love the food and quick service for take out orders at Wildflower. My husband and I really enjoy the salads - he likes the chicken cesar with extra chicken and I am obsessed with the hummus plate salad.  Soooo good and the service is always prompt and friendly.
4	Well, I need to do an update on Wildflower. Still love this place, but some things have changed from last season. They now have a new soup supplier and some of the recipes are different. The new chicken noodle soup doesn't compare, in my humble opinion, to the old recipe. Lima beans in chicken noodle soup?? Sacrilege! The vegetarian vegetable is still pretty good, but quite different from last season's recipe. My salad today was much smaller than usual, and did not contain all of the ingredients that are usually in it--mostly lettuce, and not even a lot of that. I am hoping this was just a fluke, and will certainly give them another chance (or two, or three). The opinions in my review are my own based on my most recent visit to this Chandler Mall location.
5	Amazing soup!  They are so much better then Panera and Paradise!
4	A great spot for dinner salads.  I didn't love my Cobb salad but the Asian chicken salad is bigger and tastier.  I found the soup too salty but the samdwhich was great and full of veggies as well.
5	I love there food this is one of favorite places to go for lunch when I am working.  I love all there soups it's what we order most of and there toffee pie omg amazing! But they are busy be warned but I will say one of my favorite places to eat!
3	The food here is pretty yummy.  I like to get a bowl of soup personally or the Pistachio Pomegranate Chicken Salad which is pretty delicious.  Nutritional information is available on their website for the individual items on the menu if you are health conscious.The service here is okay.  The ice machine is often out of ice and the booths are often dirty as the staff has no time to bus the tables.  I think they are just understaffed a lot.  The staff is very polite and helpful though, but it does get annoying having to grab someone to get a table cleaned so you can sit down to eat.Check your to go order before you leave.  They tend to give me only a few ravioli with little or no sauce on my to go order for my husband.  This has happened more then once!  For a $10 dish, you would expect a little more.The Chandler location is open until 9pm on Mon - Sat which is great for those of us who work long hours and have a hard time finding something healthy to eat after work, but are too tired to go home and cook after a long day.Also make sure to ask for a receipt if you need one as they don't automatically print one for you.
4	I love the cream cheese potato soup here! When I'm not feeling well or someone I love is sick, this is exactly where I go for soup! The smoked salmon Alfredo is also yummy!
5	Absolutely wonderful! The food is super good and staff is great! Great place to be at
5	I have been coming here for 4.5 years now, I've tried nearly everything on the menu and is all phenomenal!  Everyone on their staff is always super friendly, of course most one them know me cause I manage to come in at least once a week.  :) there have been times when I've eaten here everyday for a week!  Their menu is always changing with the seasons, they have a bread of the month, and they have a rotating soup schedule.  Right now my favorite things from the menu are: the egg breakfast,  veggie frittata,  vegetarian ginger carrot soup, chopped salad,  and their sundried tomato and garlic bread which is a limited bread for the month of August. Come here and you will not be disappointed!!!!
5	I love this place! the food is great and so is the service. I've been here numerous times and I have always had an excellent experience.
5	Best soup and sandwich chain that I've tried in Arizona. I'm in love with the potato cream cheese soup and pretty much all the salads! And I can never just walk past the pastry display, especially with those colorfully-iced cupcakes. Can't think of anything that I can complain about!
5	Service is always quick, and the food is always good.  The one time I had an "oops" with my order (they delivered the wrong thing to the table), they were quick to fix it.Favorite things on the menu:  the carrot cake, the sweet potato sandwich and the peach and bran muffin...but I've never had anything there I didn't absolutely love.
5	I love all Wildflowers! They are very consistent with their service and quality. Order the tomato feta and egg sandwich on toasted rye! It's my favorite! Salads, sandwiches and desserts are also fantastic.
4	I host a knitting group here every Tuesday evening, and we've been coming here for at least 5 years.  Overall, the food choices have been very good, tasty, and full of variety.  Obviously, there's been a few glitches over the years, such as special requests not happening (one lady does not want red pepper!), or something we've wanted has run out.  The food is flavorful and the staff has been very accomodating to our group!  The managers, although there has been some turnover, have always been kind and helpful.  A couple long-term members of staff are always friendly and can anticipate what we want!  Our only complaint, as a group, are the soup choices!  It seems, on Tuesdays, we get the "leftovers" or the not-so-popular soup items.  We would LOVE to see Pumpkin soup, the Lobster bisque, or the Roasted Tomato Garlic on Tuesdays!
5	I have been coming to this location every Tuesday evening for the last 3.5 years as a member of a knitting meet up.  I have found the food to be fresh and consistantly good.  I love the soups, but wish Tuesday's would have a better selection.  I always try to get my hands on a Red, white, and blue loaf to take home for breakfeast the next morning, but often they are sold out.  The best part of the dining expierience here is how accomadating the staff and management are.
2	While the quality of the food is good, the priority of the kitchen really makes you wonder at how they even function at times. While our visit was on a week night and when it really wasn't all that busy, they still somehow managed to complete three orders that were no more complicated than ours... for people that ordered AFTER US. I had a half sandwich with salad and her with a bowl of soup. How complicated is that, seriously? The person taking the orders needs to focus on just that and not try to help the bus staff. This was disappointing to say the least and perhaps was an isolated incident. Then again, most likely not.*Update*I have received a very nicely worded and very sincere email from one of the founders relating to our visit. We have spoken about this visit in question and I am satisfied with the end result. As such, I have amended my review from two stars to three.*Update to update*As of today, 22 DEC 14, I have yet to receive any further contact as it related to my initial review despite replying both via Yelp and a direct email as requested. As such, my review goes back down to two stars. Pretty disappointed given how promising the initial contact seemed to be. We definitely will not be going back now
5	Between February morning, icy cold, and I could enjoy a cannoli and a glass of warm milk besides the sympathy of the charge and a pastry, both itialianos, with whom I spoke a while. Highly recommended.
4	Been coming here for a long time and the most impressive thing is the consistency with the food.  The turkey pastrami sandwich is to die for and really hard to share.
3	While they have delicious food, seating is very limited and they are MUCH too slow in cleaning the tables. Too many customers standing around looking for a place to sit and eat.
2	I'm not sure what so many reviewers are raving about- I've had hits and misses here but mostly misses. I work nearby so I've ordered take out probably once a month for the past year when I'm not in the mood for anything else... And I haven't had great results. The food is 9/10 times lukewarm or cold when I arrive (on time) to pick it up, or it's not done at all and I have to wait another 10 minutes for what was supposed to be a quick and easy meal. The food itself is average, and would probably taste better if it was cooked properly (timing and temperature-wise). Maybe it is better and they use more effort when you dine in, but I've only ever done take out so I'm not sure.Good customer service; people are always friendly and apologetic when I find curly black hair in my pasta, but with the consistently mediocre food and "oops" moments, I can't really give them much credit.
1	Still haven't heard back from Louis after more than a month. Perhaps the customers aren't as much of a priority as they would like you to believe.
4	Wildflower cafe is a favorite of mine. Every time we come they have some interesting new soup to try and plenty of vegetarian choices if you're so inclined. I love the wildflower salad with a scoop of tuna to top it off. Oh only complaint was that we had to give our name and email address to use the free WiFi.
