3	We just happened to be out this direction and it was a coin flip Smoothie cafe or Taco Bell. Not much to talk about as far as ambiance they are sticking with the island theme. The whole thing feels a little plastic but it's not awful. When we arrived they just got hit by a boys soccer team or a big family? They all had wraps and smoothies everything looked really tasty. We went with sandwiches which it seems are almost all on ciabbatta bread. We decided on the italian and the BLTranch although I thought all of the choices sounded good. The service was pleasant and prompt (they also have 24hr drive thru). The sanwiches were pretty goodwe were really hungry though. The Italian was the better of the two the BLT was a little dry. We didn't get smoothies so on them I can't commentthe kids that were there seemed to be diggin them though.
4	My husband and I were looking for a place that served something light and healthy. We were on our way home when we found Tropical Smoothie Cafe on Blue Diamond Ave.I had no expectations about this place. My husband did bring home a smoothie (grape flavored) a couple of weeks ago and it was pretty darn good! This is coming from someone who doesn't care much for smoothies.Like any new place, I really had no idea what I wanted. I asked the attendant for advice and she suggested I try the Italian, one of their bistro sandwiches. And so I ordered the Italian. With the sandwich came a side, either chips or fruit. I opted for a banana. My husband tried a turkey sandwich with avocado (sorry, forgot the actual sandwich name). Both sandwiches were quite tasty. It was exactly what we were looking for - light and healthy. We were pleasantly surprised!There was hardly any wait and the staff was friendly and helpful. Less than $10 spent per person.They also offer breakfast, wraps, salads and soups and they are open 24/7. I'm not sure if it means their drive-thru is 24/7 or if you can come inside the cafe 24/7. We'll definitely be coming back so I'll update you on new info.* By the way, not all bistro sandwiches come on ciabatta bread. The turkey sandwich that my husband ordered was on a multigrain bread.
5	After a hang over! Tropical Smoothie..Not feeling typical Fast food? Tropical Smoothie.Need a pick me up before work? Tropical Smoothie.And if your an LVAC member you get a discount. I probably sound like i work here but I couldn't I'd be having smoothies too much. For first timers I recommend Sunrise Sunset. The two can dine for  9.99 is cool but without a smoothie. It's usually a wrap or something. So with a smoothie it comes out to about 15 or so. But still not a bad meal.  the decor is very tropical but not too cheesy.
5	OMG... We just got back from this Tropical Smoothie and the one in Southern Highlands... Oh yes. TODAY IS FLIP FLOP DAY. We were given the choices of Jetty Punch (Strawberry and Banana) and Island Fever Smoothies (Pineapple, peaches, and banana)... We went to one to get the Island Fever, then went to the other place for the Jetty Punch... Both of them, at least for us, were out of this world... deliciously fantastic. Once again, me son was skeptical about getting and even refused to go when originally asked if he wanted to get some, but then when he tasted it, HE WAS HOOKED... LOL!!!That's right... FREE FREE FREE!!!Thanks, Tropical Smoothie. Both were good.
3	This is close to my work so every so often i'll stop by and get a smoothie.I had put in an order for the Island combo and I think his name was Thomas that helped me.I usually always get the usual Mango magic or Blueberry lagoon and hawaiian breeze but now i'm just so tierd of the same thing and each time that I get the usual it tastes different.  So today I finally wanted to try something a little different as i ordered the Beach bum with white chocolate... WOW!It is so Delish!!  I can't stop drinking it because its SOOOO GOOD!!!I also got a half cesar's salad which is, what it is nothing spectacular.As the Island combo you can choose from 2 items, my Beach bum with white chocolate and half cesar's salad was perfect for lunch.Oh and I made the order over the phone and 5 minutes later as I picked up the order i got it right when I paid.
2	During my lunch break of 30min I ordered my 2 smoothies 1 for me and a co worker.  I was excited because it was a BOGO free from the text I got.There were 2 people in front of me ordering and a couple people behind me.  They were busy which was the first time I ever seen it like that.  The place was pretty packed.Long story short, I had to wait more than 10 minutes for my 2 drinks after ordering as I watched 5 people being served who was in front of me which was fine then the next 4 people AFTER me being served their drink within 3 mins of ordering plus their food.When I started to see people receiving their food orders I started to boil.  Before I was going to make a scene the supervisor saw how agitated I was and asked what I was waiting for.She came to me while I was writing this review, which I have edited several times and apologized for the delay as the computer showed that my drinks were already made but it really wasn't.  She gave me a card with 9 punches for a free smoothie next time which won a star for the orginal 1 star i gave this place for today.Pros1. Order taken less than 1 min2. Bought 1 smoothie got 1 free3. Got an additional free smoothie card for my next visit as a bonusCons1. Order was taken but not made2. being served my drinks after 9 people3. After 9 people later I was finally acknowledgedI guess it was just a bad day.
5	When I first moved out here, a smoothie place was my top priority. Luckily I found one of the best in town, Tropical Smoothie. I love this place so much I am there at least 3-4 times a week. They have a great selection of tasty smoothies as well as meals. The staff there is always nice and the atmosphere is great. If you go between 4pm-7pm and buy 2 smoothies, you get one free. A pretty sweet deal! They also do military discounts as well as discounts for LVAC members.
3	The food and Smoothie at this tropical Smoothie is as good as the rest BUT the service at this location is consistently horrible!! If you have time and don't mind a little further drive visit the one in southern highlands.
3	Personally I like Jamba Juice better, but there are more TSC's in the valley than JJ's and this particular location of TSC is close to my work. Pro: Clean eating area. Drive through. I always have timely service. Salads are fresh. The food and smoothies are just kind of meh, average, so that is why I gave it 3 stars. Didn't knock my socks off, but I'm going to return. Items I usually get are the Southwest Chicken Salad, Peaches N Silk Smoothie, Island Fever Smoothie. They have coupons in the Entertainment book and sometimes in the mailed coupon booklets so keep your eyes peeled.
3	i like this location!  it is a drive through.. and it's one of the only tropical smoothies that have chairs outside.. WITH SHADE!i don't normally go inside.. but I do have to agree with other reviews that have said that they are super slow.  i think the reason why is because they accommodate their drive thru patrons more?  idk.. but the drive thru flows! they keep the inside clean.. and are almost always friendly..almost.. hahahappy hours and yummy sandwiches!  they also have deals on breakfasts too..
5	Buffalo Chicken Wraps! OMG...FANTASTIC! There is a 24 hour drive thru on Blue Diamond and a sit down resturant off of Southern Highlands. I probably eat at this place three times a week. Happy Hour from 4-7 buy one get one smoothie free...and they are more than worth it.. Forget Jamba Juice and Smoothie King...this place is def where its at! Oh and did I mention its healthy!!!! Oh yeah thy have breakfast too....way better option than BK/McDonalds
3	Well Unfortunately after all the hype I must say...... I was let down.  We had just finished up at Target and our stomachs where having a conversation with each other in the car so we decided to hit Tropical smoothie Cafe. The first red flag I should have seen and walked out was the look of disgust that the guy working the counter had when he saw that he had people in line, Uhhhh I'm sure part of the money we are about to spend funds your paycheck pal. We then ordered our food which was a southwest Turkey Wrap or something to that effect and a smoothie. We took a seat and waited for the food and when the other guy working brought it out it was almost like he was taking a tray to the trash and just tossed it on the table. I am a pretty mellow guy but " What The Hell" That turkey wrap could have been made with the finest of finest of foods but at this point I already had a bad taste in my mouth which spoiled the entire experience. The only reason I am giving three stars is because it happened to be warm outside and the smoothie was refreshing once I left.
5	YUMMLY. The Drive Thru is in a weird position but still deserves 5 stars. They get you your smoothie quickly and have pictures of items on the drive thru menu. And dont mind if you take your time ordering like i do, because with so many options i become confuzzled. :)
3	The convenience of a drive thru is nice, and the flavors are not bad. I am not a fan of adding sugars or sweeteners to my drink and that is where my main complaint comes from. The fact that I can ask for Splenda is a plus, but next time I will see if they can do it without. The Sunrise Sunset is a delicious blend of strawberries, pineapple, mango, and oranges. It is refreshing and light.The service is polite, but takes a while to produce a drink.
4	smoothies-awesome, wraps-awesome, sandwiches-awesome, drive thru- awesome, punch cards- awesome,  24 hour locations-awesome...they definitely don't need awesome lessons.
3	Out of all the ones here in the Las Vegas valley that we've been to, anyway, this one is the only one I would rate as "just-OK." We came here a month or so ago. We dropped off our dogs to boarding, and had to run some errands, and went to this one out of sheer convenience (Target nearby). This location is small but it has a drive-thru window. And there is seating outside, too, with umbrellas (nice if it isn't peak summer hours). I remember three or four people working here. There were no other customers besides us, inside, besides the customers at the drive-thru, and then later, an older lady came and ordered inside. The inside is clean, free of garbage, decorated similarly to the other ones, with large framed vibrant island scenes (ie. palm trees, leaves, etc.). It is brightly painted, and give a tropical feel. The bathrooms were being cleaned while we were there BTW. As I was trying to decide on my smoothie order (I was speaking it over with my husband), the heavily Russian-accented lady was telling me my "possibilities" were very bland, because they were all fruit. This was fine with me, as I knew what I was looking at, just had trouble deciding on the final one. I just always have a problem when people assume things, and it kind of irritated me. Ok, so whatever. The smoothies were good, even though mine was "bland." I didn't have a problem with the smoothies at all. If you want the best smoothies in town, this franchise has the best available, but they are large (one size for adults). We ordered two wraps- the cordon bleu and jamaican jerk- these are our absolute favorites and we always split them. Sides are fruit or chips. Well, the cordon bleu was very good (and no extra fat to report), but the jamaican jerk chicken was loaded with an overabundant amount of jerk sauce (my husband can't really enjoy it, if it's got too much heat). So he sent it back. Well, the replacement did not have any sauce at all, so that wrap was very bland. Normally, we love this restaurant's wraps. In fact, this chain is one of our favorite places for lunch. And, finally, of course, I was worried about the retaliation actions (you hear stories from people, it can make you paranoid).
5	Always tasty, big thick smoothies any combo you want, real fruit. Plus quick deli food. Epic Panda win.
2	Food & beverage are great but the service is horrendous. Been there several times & my only complaint is horrible service.
4	Recently stopped here for breakfast on the way out of town.  The breakfast sandwiches were delicious.  Lots of egg, cheese, turkey.  The bread was so fresh.  My sons had smoothies, they were really big and both were so delicious.  For the three of us breakfast was about $25.  We were very satisfied and will be coming back.
4	The service here has greatly improved so much that I don't have to drive to the Southern Highlands store anymore! Great job to the new manager for turning around the service there!
4	I love their smoothies and their Happy Hour Tuesdays which are buy 1 get 1 free. My personal favorites here are the kiwi quencher, hawaiian breeze, and reeces peanut butter cup. All great selections that i suggest you try! I also love that they have free wifi so if you're in the mood for doing some work and sipping on smoothies. Tropical smoothie is the way to go!
1	I think this might just be the worst Tropical Smoothie in Vegas!! Every time I stop at this location, it takes forever and the service sucks!! My boyfriend and I stopped in today for lunch, and we will not be returning to this location! Our order took forever and once we finally recived it, it was wrong! We took it up to the counter and explained to the guy at the counter that this wasn't what we had ordered, and he told us to wait a second and he would figure it out. He sent a young girl over (I guess the girl who had made our food) and we explained to her that this wasn't what we had ordered and gave her the correct order, she then grabbed our food off the counter with attitude, mumbled something under her breath and threw it in the trash! We finally recieved the correct order 8-10 minutes later with attitude! I think you need to have a meeting with your employees and teach them a few things about customer service!!!
4	The great thing about this location is that they have a drive thru. That's the selling point for me. The service was efficient. Like other Tropical Smoothie locations, they have happy hour specials, which is a bonus. Just writing this review is making me crave a smoothie now.
4	Love their Chicken Pesto Sandwich, but the way the driv thru is set up doesn't make sense.. if there is 2 cars in line then you are blocking traffic in the parking lot so I recommend just walking inside. Friendly staff and the restaurant is always clean :)
5	Food Excellent ! Had Jamican Jerk wrap...:) and service was great as well!!
4	Perhaps I'm a corporate sell-out, but I really prefer Jamba Juice to this place. But having said that, many of the smoothie flavors here are on par or even better than Jamba Juice. What I really like about this place is the fact that it's open 24-hours, although even in the middle of the night the wait can be ridiculously long. But I'm thankful for it being open whenever I have a hankering for a smoothie.
4	Great smoothies, 24 hours with drive through!  Perfect for Summer in Vegas.  Great with a carload of kids or pets in the car but there WILL be a wait.  I love this place but would love it EVEN MORE if it was faster.  :)  Try the Mango Madness.  My favorite!  The add ins are fantastic and turn your smoothie into a meal with protein, immunity, etc.  A must have in a hot desert city!  Wish they had other sizes available.
3	The smoothies aren't necessarily the best but definitely better for you than Jamba Juice. The 3 stars is more towards service as I've been here several times and the only thing consistent is its inconsistency. I've had to repeat my order several times and when driving up the window, they don't have everything prepared. I admit I'm not the most patient person but drive-thru service should not be more than 10 minutes for one drink. But like all other "fast-service" joints, there are always hiccups so I choose to give them the benefit of the doubt. And hey, I'm still going back aren't I?
5	Was really craving a smoothie at 1am on a Saturday, thankfully TSC's 24 hour drive-thru was there to bail me out!  Decided to go with somthing a litte more heavy and get the Butter Cup (Chocolate, banana & peanut butter).  it did the trick of filing me up, that's for sure.I also once visited this location and there happened to be a football game on I was interested in, I asked the teen behind the counter if I could turn the volume up and not only did he do that, but also shut off the store music so I could listen better!  Now if that's not unexpected 5 start service, I don't know what is!
1	This place sucks. They are so slow! I've never seen a drive thru move so slow. I often have to use the drive thru because my son is asleep in his carseat, and I never get through it faster than 15 minutes, and that is only with 4 cars!! I normally would not review a drive thru but on top of the crazy long wait today they totally messed up my order. So now I have to go back through the drive-through line to get it corrected because my son is still asleep! 45 minutes later I might have my order. Fuck. This. Place.
2	The wait at this place is ridiculous. There may be no one ahead of me and I still feel like they take their sweet time. I recommend calling ahead if you come to this location.
3	Service is never consistent. Some times everything is amazing, but days like today, I repeated my orde twice through drive thru, interrupted twice, charged for water bottle that thet ended up not having, which is fine, not a big deal, but my wrap was soggy and my smoothie wasn't even the right smoothie. I ordered a lean machine (strawberries bananas and weight management with energizer), I have something with maybe acai and  maybe blueberries. I love Tropical Smoothie and I LOVE that this place has a  drive thru, but damn, if it's the speaker please get a new one, and if today was just a shitty day, maybe I'll have better luck the next day.
3	I love paradise point and blue lagoon smoothie!!!
1	Rating is completely on customer service. Would've rated negative if possible, all the workers I saw looked like they hated working here. I understand it's not the most fun job in the world but I'm sure it isn't the worst. Recommend personality training, no sense of humor what so ever. My 2 brothers and I all said the same thing. Now as for the smoothies, they were decent.
4	It doesn't get much better than the Bahama Mama smoothie. Yum!!!
3	Meh. Meh. Meh. I was not impressed with this place, but I still finished my food (mainly because I was starving at the time). Ordered 1 smoothie, 1 sandwich, 1 salad. The kid-size smoothie itself took probably close to 15 minutes to make. The sandwich and salad took another 5-10 minutes AFTER that for us to receive. The guys working there were nice, but I don't understand why it would take so long to make everything? It was a Sunday around mid-afternoon and not that crowded. Jamba Juice whips out smoothies like nobody's business and those Subway sandwich artists put together sandwiches quickly (I mean, they must be fast if they also have time to freeze their urine or put their genitals on the bread), so I'm not sure what takes this place so long?  Don't come here if you're in a rush. Do come here if you want mediocre food and are too lazy to go elsewhere.
1	Slow, not very friendly, look at you with blank stares, no sense of urgency, kinda reminds me of zombies... And I had to ask for a copy of my receipt when I paid cash, which leaves me skeptical.
1	This location is horrible!! the staff is very rude! and the drive through average wait time for 1 smoothie is 15 minutes!! No I'm not exaggerating!!
3	"Disappointed they advertise a healthy lifestyle yet offer no sandwiches that are veggie friendly. Only one hummus veggie friendly wrap that is not include in the half sand and smoothie deal.  Bummer!" tip posted night of dining at Tropical Smoothie.Review now:After I posted the tip above I heard from a fellow Yelper that they offer a no meat option, yet I was not offered that at this location. The woman taking my order wouldn't even let me order a sandwich with no meat, just cheese, only option was hummus veggie wrap. Luckily for them the smoothie was good and I gave them 3 stars for that and their quick service.
2	I really dislike this tropical smoothie. And the times I have gone to this one is only because I was really hungry for some tropical smoothie and didnt want to drive to the second closest one. I give me two stars... instead of JUST one... because I have had one or two times that I had an ok experience. The staff here seems to always be blasting profane music... and are irresponsible individuals. I cannot tell you how often they have forgotten my chips when I go through drive thru. The point of drive thru is to get in and get out ASAP. But because of the times they have forgotten something on my order... I have to get out of the car and wait... FOREVER! That's another thing... they are so SLOW!!! Even if there is only two of us waiting with no one in the drive thru... i will wait FOREVER
1	menu items are good, but expect to wait at least 20 minutes or longer from the time you order to receiving the item
4	The drive through is so convenient at this location after a shopping trip at Kohl's! Their buffalo chicken wrap is my old stand by, loving the spicy sauce. Try it and see! Also, the two for one smoothies 4pm to 7pm 2-for-1. Enjoy!
1	This location is the WORST!  Staff is completely RUDE and disrespectful!  I go to this location a lot because of the drive thru.  Everytime I go I ask myself why did I come here again!  The slowest drive thru in the history of driver thru's!  Today I waited in the drive thru line literally 10 minutes - and there was only ONE car ahead of me!  That was just after 11:00 am.  The sign advertises on price but every time I go they charge me a different price when I get to the window!  Today I was not having it, I was only paying for what the sign on the price advertised.  $4.49 for the Mango Magic smoothies and 99 cents for whey protein.  Somehow they calculate this to be $6.30!  THAT is the most I've ever been charged. The idiot guy at the window said well that is the price and I argued with him and said well the sign says something else and I'm only paying what the sign says!  He got what he called was his manager, some young girl who was just as rude as him and said well they changed the prices yesterday.  Ok well, thats not my problem.  The price on the sign says this and that is all I"m paying... she continued to argue with me. At this point I should have just drove off.  But she said she's give me a discount.  I don't want a discount, I only want to pay what the sigh says.  So long story short I paid $5.18 .  That is LESS than what the sign says... but whatever, I paid it and got out of there.  Needless to say, I will NEVER use this location again, that was the last straw!  The only good thing I can say is that the smoothie was blended well and tasted good.  As for service and courtesy of the staff, I'd give that a ZERO stars if I could it was that bad, and its consistently that bad, this isn't a one time occurrence, which is why I'm finally writing a review! Bad service one or even twice I can overlook but when its consistently BAD EVERY TIME I GO THERE I gotta give a bad review!  How about getting someone in from the corporate office in there to see what the heck is going on and replace the idiot kids you have working there!
3	I always come to this place whenever I'm craving a smoothie late at night.The drive thru is so convenient! The Tropical Smoothie on Warm Springs and Eastern is actually a lot closer to where I live, but most of the time, I'm willing to drive to this location because of the convenience of the drive thru and because I'm probably too grimey to get out of the car.The drive thru can sometimes take a while, but am still willing to wait it out. I'm usually there closer to midnight or even after so it isn't as bad.I usually get the Pineapple Delight substituting the bananas for strawberries. My smoothies don't always taste the same from location to location, and even at the same location. Different people make it differently, but wish it hadn't been. Would prefer if it always tasted the same. Sometimes there are too many strawberries it's overpowering the smoothie. Sometimes there aren't enough strawberries you can't taste it at all.All in all, I love the drive thru, the smoothies are good, but not consistent, but will definitely be coming back.
2	Love the smoothies, but EVERY SINGLE TIME I go(doesn't matter what time) it takes about 15-20 mins. for 1 smoothie to be made. The staff move very slow and sometimes are unkind. This location is very busy and staff must meet the standards.
3	I love tropical smoothie but this one always takes forever at the drive thru. Waited 15 minutes for a smoothie not once but on about three different occasions. I also got a lean machine twice and it was very bland. The next day I got it from a different location and it tasted the way it should. Don't get me wrong I will still go here. They take lvac discount and punch cards. It just sucks that when I want a smoothie on my way to work I have to leave EXTRA early because I don't know how long the drive thru will take that day.
1	This place has horrible smoothies! I basically paid $5 for a 711 slurpee, it had so much ice and was not sweet . I took a sip and threw it away! Never again! I'm sticking to making my own at home !
1	Smoothie was bland with too much ice. They forgot to add peanut sauce to the thai chicken wrap and majority of the wrap was carrots!! I love tropical smoothie but the service at this one was horrible. The guy working late at the drive through was obviously on his phone and even forgot to ask us what kind of chips we wanted after we asked for chips. Service was horrible at the blue diamond location.
1	Worst tropical smoothie experience I've ever had. There was no sweetness to my smoothie at all, Super bland, super sour and  way too much ice! Also, the Thai chicken wrap might as well be called the lettuce and carrot wrap because they definitely forgot the sauce and chicken!!!!!!!!!! I usually love tropical smoothie but this was hooorrrrrible! I also had to repeat my order several times. Tried calling a few times and no answer. I've read all these recent reviews and I can't believe that they are all so similar. Hasn't management read any? And if so when will they figure out what's causing this horrible service???!!
5	Woo.
1	I came here for lunch because I wanted something healthy and light. I ordered and the girl was not very helpful with my questions I asked when I was ordering at all and she never repeated my order and she  never gave me a receipt! Then 45 minutes later I get my smoothies and she gave me 3. But I only wanted 2 and they tasted like water. Then I finally got my food which was the new turkey bacon ranch sandwich. The food was dry, there was no turkey on it at all and it was awful. I will never go back again. And if I could give them zero stars I would.
1	Seriously, they don't deserve any stars!They really need to advertise that this cafe is a training facility.Drive thru 10-15min wait with no one in front of me. Repeated my order when I got to the window. Got a crunchy icey smoothie! Because it took that long I didn't have any time to go back and wait another 10-15min for another one. "People have important things to do like go to work and be efficient and make money not waste my time waiting for a smoothie in a drive thru"So I kept my crunchy, ice chunked, not able to drink smoothie until my break thinking it'd be ok then, NOPE! I was wrong. So I decided to call and let them know so my new drink would be ready and I didn't have to waste time again waiting.4 attempts to call and all I got were busy signals! Finally, it rang several times BUT no one answered, and no voicemail 3 other times. I went back to the cafe NOT drive thru and I kid you not 6 workers sitting looks like a meeting of some sort, 5 workers in kitchen and 2 up front.  I walk in and No One knows what the hell their doing in there! OMG I don't even want to continue. For the price I pay with their service so not worth it. Like one of the yelpers said"They're consistent in being INconsistent"I hope management and owners read these reviews and do something about it, it's not just 1 customer complaints.
1	First time here, waiting over 15 minutes for our 2 tacos and 1 wrap!!!!!!! If and when the food does get here, I'll figure out if it's worth the wait. And as I'm writing this a customer that ordered after me just got his bag of food!!!!!! Finally get the food, it's terrible, sent that crap back!!!!! Asked for no salsa and got plain meat in a tortilla.  REALLY!!!! 15 minutes for that!!!!!!! TERRIBLE.   Left and went to Del Taco where you don't wait 15 minutes for food. And they get your order correct!
1	I've been here multiple times and each time, I promise you, there was a problem. I always leave upset, then I convince myself it'll be better the next time. The only reason I go back is because they're there and there are no other smoothie place in the area when I visit my brother.Aside the younger kids that are doing their best and I appreciate them, I literally have nothing nice to say about this location. 3 separate times.(1.) Literally 20 minutes in the drive thru for 2 smoothies.(2.) Purchased a veggie wrap, got a thai chicken  wrap. Realized after I bit it.(3.) Went inside. There were 8 or 9 young adults working in the kitchen, but only the manager could take the orders and she was NO WHERE TO BE FOUND. After 10 minutes, one of the young girls asked what I wanted and got my order started while I was STILL waiting for the manager to ring me up. It was unbelievable. UN-BELIEVABLE.
5	Great service. However, I asked them how much sugar they use in their smoothies. The girl replied, "1/4 CUP of sugar in every smoothie." I was shocked! I can't believe they use THAT much! I always ask for my smoothie without sugar now. Tastes so good, and I have peace of mind that my workout wasn't wasted. Lol!
2	Every time I eat inside this particular location, I feel as though I'm eating in the Tropical Smoothie Cafe Employee Break Room.  It's seems that there's typically more workers eating/hanging out, running around hugging each other in the dining area than there are customers.  The last smoothie that I got was more of an icey with flavored juice poured on it- about a 1/3 of the way through the smoothie and nothing more would come out. I had to take the lid I'd and poke holes throughout the rest of the drink. Not completely impressed by this location.
1	I agree with most of the other reviewers. Although I generally like Tropical Smoothie, this location provides the worst customer service from my experience. On several occasions I've waited over 20 minutes for a smoothie with less than 5 cars in the drive thru and the staff is oblivious of the delays. The management is clearly incompetent at this location.
5	Love love love tropical smoothie!! This one has a drive thru and is very convenient, especially with a little one. They can split it into two smaller cups which are perfect for my munchkin. They also have discounts and after 9 you get one free. Would highly recommend!
4	I'm addicted to their smoothies. I've had a couple of their wraps and they are okay, but the smoothies are what keep bringing me back. I need to step out of the ones I know and try something new, but for now I get the Bahama Mama a lot and the Health Nut is great too. I had a few of the more plain ones like Jetty Punch and they are good too, refreshing and fruity.Good staff, drive thru does a good job. Be sure to get a smoothie punch card if you're a regular.
3	This place is SLOW AS MOLASSES! but they will give you free smoothies to make up for it. Apparently this is a "trainee store" so expect just that.
1	I'm sorry, but this is the worst tropical smoothie ever. It looks like a teen hangout spot. I kid you not, there was like 30 employees & I'm sure they were all under 20. They were all just standing around talking to eachother. Half of them were sitting at tables! I've been here a couple times before, buts it's never bothered me as much. I was standing there for at least 10 minutes waiting for somebody to help me out. Horrible! I'm sorry. They need to either close this one down or hire new employees.
3	Drive thru is bad very uncomfortable . Busy sometimes so you have to wait in  line for long time. Employees are no bad nice people and working fast enough.  So 3 stars
5	Peanut Paradise!! For the peanut butter lovers!! I hate waiting in the drive thru!! My advice call in to pre order you smoothie for faster service!
2	Slooowwwwww service with a bunch of kids running the store. Not that kids can't do business too. I just don't think they have a good enough syStem down for the volume they get here. Time to add another trop on blue diamond/the surrounding areas OR get more people working on site!!! 20 min proceSs no less. :-/
1	I have been here two times, and this last time will be my last! Worst service ever, waited for 8 minutes before I left because my order had not been taken and I was the only one waiting to order.
5	Price is good.  Content is ok.  For a quick fix do it.  Better to make a healthier version at home.  Lots of sugar in theirs.  Green machine is about the best one they do.  Healthier than the jamba alternatives
2	We were greeted by a young man behind the counter. He was not only trying to take our order he was also trying to take an order from someone going through the drive. We recieved our sandwiches...but not our smoothies. We asked where are drinks were and no one had made them :( we grabbed two waters and moved on with out lunch. The wall next to our wobbly table was dirty.I won't be back
3	Eh, what can I say. I live near this location so I've been quite a few times. It's a hit or miss on your smoothie, which is very disappointing. You'll be in line forever and when you finally receive it, you hope it is thick enough so you don't chug it down and get your stomach all upset. I've even called them twice in the past and spoke to a manager. They asked for my name and offered me a free smoothie next time I came in. I declined it and told them I wasn't looking for a free smoothie but rather a correctly made smoothie when I come to pay $5 a pop.
1	Though situated in a convenient location, the speed of service is appalling.The drive through was backed up with several cars, so I walked in to order some smoothies. I did not receive a receipt because something was wrong with the machine. It took nearly 15 minutes to complete my order and a few customers who ordered AFTER me were served BEFORE me!Needless to say, the smoothie tasted like a three year old took a bunch of fruit dropped from the ground and mashed it together with their hands.I explained to the manager on duty my disappointment and asked for a refund. I will never return to this location.
1	Waited 15 minutes for food and after waiting in parking lot after going through drive through girl brought  food . Check bad and food was missing from our order so went inside to talk to manager about missing items she was like o well what is missing Will not be returning to this location No customer service
2	Smoothies are great but waiting 25min in a drive thru is crazy...no excuse for this long of waiting for smoothies, sandwiches, and salads. Seems like they are way understaffed all the time.
3	Tropical Smoothie is a convenient place to stop for a smoothie and/or a wrap/sandwich/salad.  This time, I stopped in because I wanted to try their unBEETable berry smoothie.  I am a fan of the Berry UPbeet Smoothie at Jamba and wanted to see how TSC stacked up.  First, I always order my smoothies at TSC without any sweetener.  They are already really sweet without adding their Turbinado Sugar; and hover around 100 grams of sugar with it.  I'd be like the Tasmanian Devil with that much sugar!The UnBEETable was no exception, it was pretty sweet, even without added sugar.  I enjoyed the earthy taste of the beets mixed with the sweetness of the banana and berries.  If you don't like beets, this is not the smoothie for you.  Beets aren't hidden nutrition like kale and spinach can be in a smoothie- they are very assertive.During this visit, I also split the Cranberry Walnut Chicken sandwich with a friend.  It was a little disappointing.  There was a small dollop of salad in the center of the bread, but it was not enough to spread near the edges, so I was left with a lot of dry bread.  At least it was toasted nine grain wheat.
5	These guys totally make up for the other slow locations in Vegas!First off, Ian made some killer recommendations on a apple turkey club and their seasonal cranberry smoothie. The sandwich looked exactly like the picture and was amazing. It tasted like something my mom would make with Thanksgiving leftovers. The cranberry smoothie was super light but still festive tasting - loved it.Ian even came out and asked us later how we liked his recommendations, which I thought was pretty above and beyond. We really thought the service here was amazing. You guys are restoring my faith in Tropical Smoothie. I'll probably drive out of my way to come to this location again!!!!
5	These guys totally make up for the other slow locations in Vegas!First off, Ian made some killer recommendations on a apple turkey club and their seasonal cranberry smoothie. The sandwich looked exactly like the picture and was amazing. Tasted like something my mom would make with Thanksgiving leftovers. The cranberry smoothie was super light but still festive tasting. Loved it.Ian even came out and asked us later how we liked his recommendations, which I thought was pretty above and beyond. We really thought the service here was amazing. You guys are restoring my faith in Tropical Smoothie. I'll probably drive out of my way to come to this location again!!!!
