4	Amazing!  We came here for lunch on opening day! Wow!  Great flavors!  Well spiced!  Jarred tuna, fish fritters, chicken wings, pork pot stickers, and Caesar salad.... our order for lunch! Must get the jarred tuna!  A.Mazing!!!  Chicken wings are more sweet tgan spicy, definitely messy but totally worth every bite!  They even provide a bowl of lemon water to wash up after eating the wings.  Dessert we ordered the strawberry sake short cake based on the recommendation of our waitress.  Excellent choice!  Fresh, sweet strawberries paired with poppy seed ice cream and a sake soaked piece short cake!  My boyfriend couldn't stop eating it!!  We had a great lunch and we are looking forward to returning for dinner!  Only drawback is location.  If you are staying on the strip, expect a drive!  Its about 10 miles east of the strip in Summerlin.  Its in a beautiful outdoor mall!  Again, I can't wait to return for dinner! Thank you Chef Angelo Sosa for a great lunch to kick off our New Year!
2	We had lunch yesterday and I'm giving the 2 stars because yes, of course I've experienced better but will say they deserve 2 stars because of how apologetic they were about our lunch. First of we arrived right at 1 pm and there were only 3 tables in the restaurant but after being seated we waited 5 full minutes and had to ask for menus and water (5 servers were standing around the computer chatting). WOW. We waited 40 minutes for our food and after all that my husbands burger was well done not medium rare and my dish came out afterwards which they apologized for profusely.  The tomato soup was outstanding but the burger and my meatballs were mediocre at best.  The kitchen and service needs a lot of work.  I'm not real interested in the chef although I'm sure he is very talented but I would say I personally think his time might be better spent in the kitchen instead of visiting with customers at this early point in his restaurant launch.  The G.M. Linda was very friendly and asked us to please return so we may at some point but first impressions really are everything. If they had been busy, I would have understand but asking for menus and service? We were regulars at Petra's so were hoping for a good replacement restaurant where we could become regulars. Too many other choices in this town, sorry.
1	The one star in my review is for the quick smile and greeting we received immediately upon entering. After saying hello, the hostess asked if we had a reservation. "Nope," I replied, "just wanted to stop in." She then asked if we would prefer to sit at a table or the bar. "A table would be great," I said. "Well," responded the hostess, "we're very busy tonight (which I totally got, I mean, the bar and the dining room were completely empty), so we do ask that you be respectful of that." Excuse me??? "I'm sorry, I don't understand?" I asked, looking for clarification. "Oh, never mind. Would you prefer a table or a booth?" Umm, how about neither. Sorry lady, not so confident the food at this establishment will wash away that bad taste you just put in my mouth. Maybe I was just really hungry and easily irritable, but that's enough to put me off this place for a good long while. In the meantime, guess I'll just hop over to the reliable Chinatown when I'm in the mood for Asian goodness.
4	I just ate lunch with two girlfriends and we sampled most of the menu. Favorite things were the tomatoe soup, jarred tuna, pot stickers and the fries with cheese sauce. We tried every cocktail on the  menu and they  were all well balanced with a nice presentation. Everyone on the staff was very friendly. Oh...stay away from the pea soup.  I will definetly go back as I love anything that is local with great quality ingredients.
5	One of the best meals I've had in quite some time.  So good in fact, I've book reservations for this evening which will be my second visit in a week.  We had quite a few of the small plates all of which were great, but the tuna deviled eggs we're the standout. Tomato Soup was the best ever tomato soup.  Entrees were delish, we had the Salmon, Monk Fish and The Poppy Burger.  My cocktail, the China Cat Sunflower has to be one of my immediate all time favorite hand crafted cocktails. We had Chips and Ice Cream for dessert with Vanilla Poppy Seed and their Toffee Ice Cream.  We tried 9 different menu offerings and they were all great.  I could go on and on, but I'll stop and say try it and see for yourself.  Our server Camille was fabulous which just added to a memorable meal.
4	Newest Asian-Gastropub in Summerlin was excellent, except service was only so-so; and though great taste in interior it was a pretty snug atmosphere. Probably great during the summer, for outside seating.Recommendations on food (based on our table): pls pls try the Market Salad w/ Soy Truffle Dressing (new fav) esply w/ the Kimchi Cucumbers and their Chicken Wings (tho I gave them feedback about the burnt taste, I could do without). Roasted Duck Breast w/ Poppy Honey (far back on top photo) was served with a piece of bokchoy but nonetheless was like eating the perfect steak. And the Poppy Burger (I ordered) with some Poppy Fries is inspired by the The Bibmibap Burger, voted Greatest Burger in America on Eater.com in 2011. Of which my palate wasn't convinced, though the cheese dip that came with it, was addictive.And lastly, Argentina Torrontes wine, great with 'em made from white grape and is considered the best of its kind in the entire world.
4	A bit late in getting this review in.  We were there opening day, which is usually a never in my dining outings, but it was wonderful.   Terrific, informative service, & welcome tour (thanks, Relyn, Tom & Linda).  We had the taboulah lettuce wrap with sesame dressing, poppy fries with kim cheese sauce,  pork & ravioli, roasted chicken & chips and ice cream with vanilla poppy seed and miso toffee ice cream .  Taste... perfect!  Cocktails, a tad lacking in ingredient combination, taste and presentation.  Hopefully that will change. The area upstairs (still unopened when we were there)  is a scrumptious mix of Asian influence with comfy vintage kitsch,  just lovely and inviting.  Can't wait to get back and give it a 5 star!
2	This review is taken from my blog, read the full review with active links there...Spoiler alert: just like Town Square, Tivoli Village doesn't have any good places to dine. In fact, Tivoli might be one of the larger development failures in recent years in Las Vegas. I found nothing good at Bottles & Burgers which recently closed, and I don't think anyone in town could tell you the name of another restaurant there. Now we welcome Poppy Den, the latest restaurant to open in this cursed shopping area. This place is brought to us by Chef Angelo Sosa from Top Chef D.C. and Top Chef All Stars which really means nothing to me as I don't watch any of those. Still, with those credentials it promised maybe something good. Right?After waiting over 20 minutes for our table to be ready even with a reservation, we were seated directly next to the bathrooms which made for a high traffic, slightly annoying location. The booths are incredibly awkward; they fit 3 people comfortably, but for a party of 4 they're forced to place a chair outside of it in the circulation area. The space is also incredibly loud as there are no soft surfaces anywhere, so if you're there on a Friday or Saturday night for dinner, be prepared to shout. There's a bar at the front that seats maybe 10 people, those crappy booths along the left side, and a bunch of loose tables filling the rest of the space. There's some sort of upstairs area that wasn't opened yet at the time of my visit, not sure what it'll be and I didn't ask.The Poppy Burger that I came for is based on his Bibimbap Burger which was voted the Greatest Burger in America by Eater in 2011 you can read more about it here. I was hoping that the burger which was based on something with such an acclaimed title would represent a little more. The four of us ordered almost identical burgers, but what came out were four distinctly different burgers. First of all, look at the insane amount of lettuce that was placed in my girlfriend's burger, I have no idea why any chef thought this looked ok enough to send out. Two of our burgers were ordered medium rare and two of them medium, yet none of them looked similar to each other and my unevenly cooked medium-rare burger was cooked a bit more than that in spots. This was a great way to test the restaurant's consistency, which in this case was a total failure. Also, if you clicked on that link above to see the original burger this is based on, this one looks nothing like it.As for my burger, the meat to bun ratio was completely off as there was way too much bun. The bun was grilled and actually very tasty with great sesame flavor, but was way too big and fell apart. The meat had ok flavor, but nothing great. It was charred well on the outside but that char didn't really have standout flavor. The pickles had really good flavor, but the egg and sriracha weren't that noticeable. This was incredibly messy, and the plate they give you is completely flat and makes for a very risky meal. Napkins had to be put in place as a dam to stop juices and sauce from spreading onto the table and eventually us. Overall this burger was a total failure in general, and ten-fold if you know what it's based on or compare it to other Asian themed burgers I often speak highly about. After about three bites I actually spoke out a simple "nope" in a response to no one's question at the table. The fries looked and tasted almost like McDonald's upon first bite. They didn't have great flavor, but were cooked ok. The salts and whatever seasonings on it were present but not all that noticeable. The kimcheese sauce was gritty, flavorless and not really that great either, and I longed for ketchup most of the time. If you do like this kimcheese sauce when it comes out, eat it quickly because as it cools it becomes really gritty and nasty.Between the less than stellar appetizers, and absolute failure of a burger, I can't say I'll make my way back here to try anything else. I love Asian food, and the menu certainly has plenty of great sounding items that would normally bring me back, but not in this case. The burger with fries is $13, which would possibly be acceptable if this was good. Our meal for four with a couple drinks, two appetizers and four burgers came to $120, which is way too much for how unhappy I was walking out. While the restaurant was very full the night we were there, I fully chalk that up to the fact that it's a brand new 'hot' place, and don't expect the lack of draw that Tivoli has to bring anyone to it, just like the rest of the places there. If Chef Sosa truly wants to make a great Asian themed burger, he should go down the street to Bachi and take notes on the proper size of a bun, how to form a patty, and how to apply your toppings. Until then, don't bother coming here.
2	The Skinny: unbalanced flavors and seasonings, miniscule portion sizes mar Angelo Sosa's new restaurant (2) service: attentive but with some missteps (3) value: given the so-so to mediocre offerings and the exorbitant pricing, this place is a big fail (2).We ventured off for Poppy Den with a friend of ours on their opening day for lunch. Suffice to say, this joint lives up to its inauspicious name (Poppy Den? Who in their right mind would name an Asian inspired restaurant this? After what the British did to turn generations of Chinese into opium addicted zombies? WTF?)Anyhow, colonialist aspirations aside, we were seated promptly and shown to our table. We ordered the Market salad with soy/truffle dressing ($7), Aunt Carmine's Fish Fritters ($11), Amma's Homemade Tomato Soup ($7), Poppy Burger (with fries, $11), Grandma's style Roast Chicken ($15), Steak and Potatoes ($18). We also sampled two desserts - the Chocolate Molten Cake and the Strawberry Sake shortcake.The Market Salad ($7) can only be summed up in 1 word = weird. There was a little too much basil which pretty much overwhelmed the other subtle flavours of the mixed greens. The boiled egg thrown on top really didn't make any sense - such a heavy item has no place amongst delicate leaves. Added to the fact the heavy addition of a really unbalanced dressing (overly tart and salty), this was a massive fail.Amma's Homemade Tomato Soup ($7) didn't arrive as hot as I had hoped. Serving it in such a shallow bowl made it cool off rapidly which didn't help. The soup overall was too sweet for my tastes. It was kind of like diluted ketchup with some curry flavor mixed in.Aunt Carmine's Fish Fritters ($11) was perhaps the highlight of the meal. Nice and crispy on the outside, the fish mixture married well with the aioli it was served with. Unfortunately, the cost of the dish was rather high considering the small number of fritters served.The Poppy Burger ($11) flavor was good but there are some major issues with the dish. Because we were sharing amongst three people, the hubs cut the burger into 4 equal serving sizes. But what is this? When he cut the burger into quarters - one quarter had no burger meat in it. I repeat - no burger meat in it. That meant that the burger:bun ratio is about 3:4. That's a sucky ratio because when you bite into a burger, you want to get a taste of everything... not just the bun. The fries were the thinner variety with a small sprinkle of togarashi on top. They were okay but nothing special. The kimcheese was alright  (we asked for on the side because we didn't want the sauce to mar the crispiness of the fries) but nothing that I would say I'd specifically yearn for again - it was more of an aioli than a cheese sauce per se.Grandma's Style Roasted Chicken ($15)... it's a f$&king insult to a person's intelligence to put such a dish under their supposedly "large plate". This is not a large by any means. Really, the portion size for the chicken is about 1/4 of a boneless thigh off a regular sized chicken. I am not s&*tting you - it is that small. Served with some pickled vegetable, I fail to see how anyone except an 6 month infant would consider this a meal. The actual preparation of the roasted chicken was okay and edible but given the price it ought to be much more than this.Steak and potatoes ($18) was only ok. Texturally a little tough, we were very underwhelmed by this offering. Served with a bland au jus and togarashi seasoned potatoes, it was definitely forgettable.Finally dessert - we tried both the strawberry sake shortcake and the molten chocolate cake. The strawberry sake shortcake was overwhelmed by the oversaturation of the sponge with large amounts of sake. Not good. The chocolate molten cake was very good - nice and gooey on the inside but again for the price, small.Overall, I wanted to love this place but there are too many flaws with the dishes to warrant a return visit. Even if this place were half the price and double the serving size, you just wouldn't come back to a restaurant that fails on so many levels of flavor and textures. Sorry - 2 starred review.
2	drove down to the dead zone aka tivoli village to try this new restaurant. the inside is decorated very nice.im not quite positive what "poppy den" means but it has something to do with an opium house which is ironic since the british introduced opium to the chinese and got them addicted..and yet they serve asian fusion food.. anyways we ordered a bunch of appetizers. we ordered the potstickers, korea bbq beef, tomato soup, watermelon salad and fries with poppy sauce. the potstickers were my favorite though they were sitting in hoisin (seafood) sauce so it made the all soggy. the korean bbq beef was flavorful but it was only one sliced up so it looked like you got a lot. the tomato soup was ok..it tasted like a sweeter campbells soup. the watermelon salad was horrible. it was cubed watermelon with cheese on top i didnt understand it. the fries were really crispy but the kim cheese sauce was watery and had no cheese consistency. it tasted like absolutely nothing. i just ate the fries without the dip. for dessert we ordered the chips and ice cream. this was actually really really good. the ice cream was made so it tasted delicious and the chips went with the ice cream to give you a sweet + salty kinda taste which was good. overall the place was below average. i wouldnt drive there to eat again.
4	You can read others for food reviews.  Just know I am going back again again because of the service.  Server Yolanda even sent an email to thank us for being such great guests!  That was after I broke a glass with my IPhone!  Bartender William is fun.  Okay i will say something about the food.  The dishes our group loved were Tomato Soup, Roast Chicken and Steak dish.  The portions are small but I thought quality was outstanding.  I believe all food challenges will be worked out because the attention to service means someone cares what customers think. For me I prefer only wild caught salmon (or knowing it is sustainably sourced). I eat salmon several times a week and cannot afford the bad stuff.  I liked the raw tuna dishes (i ordered both on menu) yet felt they were heavy on fat content (which I prefer to save for dessert).  We order 4 desserts (there were 5 of us) - liked them all including ice cream minus potato chips next time. Another outstanding element of this restaurant is the use of tableware. Very eclectic old china settings. Made the table fun.  Angelo got enough right out of the gate that the rest will come. Thank you
4	Stumbled upon this place on January 19th and decided to try it. Surprisingly, it may have been  one of my favorite lunches (brunches) of all time. One reviewer disliked the tomato soup: we thought it may have been the best thing we've ever tasted. The Caesar salad with whitefish was good. The Korean short ribs were really tasty with the apple kimchee (but they were a bit stringy/tough). The wings could have been great, but the crust was overly thick and crunchy and the meat was rubbery as well.  We had a few more plates and our overall impression was extremely positive.
5	Cool place, modern. Good food.  Fast service.  I would recommend making reservation to make sure you get a table.  Try general's chicken wings and shrimp & grits.  Yummy!!!
3	The lure of free champagne for ladies from 5 to 6:30 daily brought me here, and I also wanted to check out Angelo's food as the buzz about this place has been growing. I did my research on-line and saw the "Happy Hour" menu posted, and I asked about that when I was greeted at the bar. I was told they don't have a happy hour menu but instead was given the regular menu. Another bartender asked to take my order and gave me a glass of champagne, and that's when I found out there was an "In Between" menu with a few food items at lowered prices from 3 to 5:30.  Apparently, the menu I was given didn't even start until 5:30, and I was there around 4:45.  ??????Great, I spent 10 minutes deciding on something and it wasn't even on the "In Between" menu. So, I ordered the $11 Poppy burger from this new menu, which comes with Poppy fries with a delicious sauce. I ordered the burger medium rare and it was much closer to rare, but it was a good burger overall, I love the fried egg and pickles. My bill was incorrect, as I was charged the regular menu price instead of the "In Between" menu price. The manager did speak to me to apologize for the error and correct the mistake, and she was very considerate and invited me to come back. There are 2 bar areas at the restaurant, and the 2nd floor bar has couches as well as seats at the bar.
5	Had lunch with a friend today.  We really didn't know what to expect and were pleasantly surprised.  First of all, the staff is very well-trained and professional.  The atmosphere is fun and the menu eclectic.  We tried small plates.  Do not miss the tuna deviled eggs.  We asked for some bread to eat with the dish and received pieces of warm, lightly grilled bread-perfect for the egg and tuna.  I could have eaten another  order.  We plan on returning for dinner so we can try their other dishes.
5	I dont know what the other reviews are talking about...I had excellent food and excellent service! Angelo even came over to our table and shook our hands!
2	Ok, we went there on New Years day with some friends for dinner and it was just ok. So we decided to go back for  lunch and my husband had the tuna in a jar, which was good, and I had the fish sandwich, which was very salty. The fries with the kimchee sauce was good, but still left us wanting something more. So we decided to go just recently and I got the fish sandwich again and my husband got the meatballs and the eggs benedict. Well, the fish bun came out charred and I could not eat it so I sent it back only to get another stale piece of bread and the fish was so overcooked that the ends were burnt. The eggs benedict was a horse of a diffrent color! It was on polenta,(which was sweet) and the canadian bacon had such a strong grill taste to it that it was overpowering. The eggs were ok and the bearnaise sauce was orange in color and did not taste well. So overall, we were disappointed again! Not sure if we will be going back and it saddens us as we have met  Chef Angelo and have watched him on Top Chef so I hope his managing partners are reading these yelp comments and will do whatever it takes to make it work. I know Chef Angleo is doing a lot of traveling between here and New York, but you have to be at a new restuatant for a while to make sure things are running better than what is going on now.
5	I'm somewhat torn about giving 5 stars since I only sat at the bar but that is what I am basing this review and experience on since we went specifically for the free champagne for ladies daily 5:00 to 6:30!  They had me at free!  Poppy Den didn't open that long ago so I wasn't expecting it to be as crowded as it was.  My girlfriend and I were lucky to find seats at the bar.  I really liked the decor.  It seemed very LA beachy to me.  To go with our champagne we had the Poppy Fries with Kimchi dipping sauce and the Kalbi with Kim chi.  Both delicious.  The Kalbi was not fatty and had a nice flavor to it.  Our server Brian was great.  Perfect amount of bar chat about the menu, the restaurant, etc.  They have a patio outside and the window from the inside looks like it will open up to that making for a nice spot to hang out when the weather warms up.  FYI:  There is no designated Happy Hour Menu right now but according to Brian it's coming.
4	I've been interested in trying Poppy Den since they opened not only because I always imitate the Wicked Witch of the West when I say the name, but also because of all the good things I've heard about. Poppy. So we said yes to Brunch on Sunday with a group of friends.The brunch menu is different than their regular menu so their are some items missing from their regular menu. But everything we had was pretty good.I started my morning with a Honey and Hazelnut martini, it reminded me of egg nog but sweeter, I was quite pleased with my drink.Fresh croissants to begin our brunch were good but appeared over cooked/burnt, the honey, jam and butter accompanying  them helped moisten them up. I was able to get another drink while we waited for food so I tried a Poppy Sling which was a good sweet drink also that I'd get again.My husband and I decided to share the Crab Toast with Mango, General  Wings, and  Pork Dumplings. So the Crab toast was different with the sweet, acidic mango...I liked it but not awesome. The Generals Wings we both really liked...the sauce was sweet and sticky but could've been spicier. The wings were huge and perfectly fried crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. My husband liked the pork dumplings more than I did, I felt like they were over cooked. The filling was okay but nothing special. I was able to sample another diners fries with Kim-cheese dipping sauce, I wish we would've ordered some, they were tasty.We all shared and sampled a trio of  their Ice  cream with Potato Chips...they sealed their 4 stars in there! Miso Toffee was my favorite, the Strawberry was good but just like strawberry ice cream anywhere, and The Lemon Poppy seed ice cream came in second for me.All of the staff was very friendly and attentive from start to finish. The decor was cool, it set a good vibe but not sure if it goes with the food. I may go back, I may not. It's not a place that's calling me back.
4	Is Angelo Sosa the next Wolfgang Puck? Ol' Wolfy started a Vegas revolution when he opened Spago back in '92 and other celebrity chefs followed. Sosa is one of the first TV celeb chefs to open a spot in the Vegas 'burbs and hopefully more will follow (it's great to hear Bradley Ogden has plans to open a new restaurant in Tivoli soon, also). Comparing Sosa's culinary chops to Puck's might be a stretch right now, but his food is tasty.Here's what I've tried:Jarred tuna ($12) - unique presentation in a square glass dish; tuna was decent quality, well seasoned with a little heat.Watermelon and goat cheese ($8) - nice presentation, flavors worked well together, really loved the candied wasabi that added a nice crunchy texture.Pork pot stickers ($9) - order of 5 sitting in a shallow bowl with a sweet, thick sauceTuna deviled eggs ($12) - eggs are cut up in pieces, next to a mound of tuna tartar. Odd combination, but it worked.Korean BBQ short ribs ($11) - about 5 small pieces of short ribs. The typical sweetness and spicy depth of Korean ribs was replaced with a more mild profile that was dominated mainly by the charred exterior.Pork belly ($21) - very interesting dish, large strip of pork belly with a thick tempura-like exterior topped with cabbage, pears, etc. I loved the different sweet and sour notes of the dish. Bold savory flavors. Biggest issue is that the thick crust takes away from the best part of pork belly --  taking a bite and experiencing the crispiness of the crust, the lusciousness of the fat, and the tenderness of the meat. The crust dominated the textures and while it was a delicious dish it doesn't beat eating a more simple, typical version of pork belly.Chocolate cake ($7) - baked in a tea cup; came with miso ice cream and caramel popcorn, cake was delicate and airy.Strawberry shortcake ($7) - miso ice cream, whipped cream. I thought it was supposed to be soaked in sake?! I didn't taste it. A decent dessert, but I prefer the chocolate cake.They also have a kid's menu for those that want to dine early with the little ones. It's a smart move considering it's the suburbs. Another smart move is the pricing. Way cheaper than eating on the Strip. Let's hope more quality restaurants open off-Strip so my wallet won't take as much of a beating when i dine out.
4	I've taken a loooong break from writing any reviews, but this place is noteworthy enough to beckon a review. I came here with some friends for Saturday brunch and we were immediately greeted by a friendly staff. The atmosphere reminded me of many my great brunches in NYC. I like that the bar opened up to a little patio and let in the fresh air and sunlight. As for the food, everything was well prepared and tasty. For starters we had the watermelon salad with goat cheese and the crab toast with mango mustard. The goat cheese was great and it came topped with candied wasabi. It sounds weird, but the flavors really worked well together, and the crunchiness of the candied wasabi offerred a good contrast in texture. The crab toast was good too, my friends really liked the mango mustard, the only critique is that it there was a bit too much mayo, otherwise the amount of crab was decent. For my main dish I ordered the egg benedict. Now, my problem with brunch is I'm ALWAYS tempted to try the eggs benedict regardless of where I go. I dunno, its just a comfort food for me I guess. This place though did a great job with their take on a regular brunch staple with perfectly poached eggs, thick cut canadian bacon, and a spicy hollandaise sauce. What was exceptionally unique was that instead of an english muffin, they put everything on top of a polenta cake. Other things we ordered included the kimchi fried rice, the chicken sausage, and mochi pancakes, and each dish was well liked. The mochi pancakes were delicious with fresh berries and creme. I thought it was going to be just a regular pancake with some mochi bits thrown in, but it was like the entire pancake had the texture and flavor of mochi, without it being too sweet or chewy. Well done. At first we didn't want any dessert, but the green tea-mint creme brulee caught our eyes. I'm glad we tried it, the flavor was creamy and rich and what made it all so different was the there was a hint of thai chilli in the sugar glaze and in this little cracker that comes with it. So you start with the sweetness of the green tea and mint and it leaves your mouth with the slightest kick from the chilli. Great dessert, presentation was a little bit plain however for such an interesting dish. Overall: great meal, great athmosphere, very friendly staff. I'll definitely return to try out dinner!
2	Recognize the chef?  Bravo's Top Chef contestant, consulted for XXX, worked at world class YYY, Michelin Chef ZZZ says he's "the greatest thing since boiled chicken".  Celebrity chef or otherwise, food must speak for itself.Dishes are artfully presented.  Portions are very small for the price.  Flavors run from boring to interesting to "delicious but" to bizarre.  Examples:Watermelon salad with goat cheese, a classic, is very refreshing but could benefit from a drizzle of aged balsamic to boost sweetness and complexity.  The hint of wasabi does nothing.  The watermelon lacked the "in season" fruity goodness.  Boring.Quinoa fried rice with sun dried pineapple and tofu is intriguing.  Good first bite but unless you are a quinoa lover, the texture of the and nutty flavor of the grain quickly becomes one dimensional.  The pineapple lacks the acidic punch to brighten the dish.  Interesting.The roasted duck breast is delicious.  Perfectly cooked, mid rare.  Mineral duck flavors enhanced by the honey.  A great side of grilled baby bok choy to add bitterness and crunch.  Just be sure to scrape off the ridiculous addition of children's breakfast cereal.   Blood soaked Kix.  Really?  Delicious but.Miso toffee ice cream.  Wait for it.... Disgusting.  The first bite is good,  but with each successive bite, the miso flavor builds to the point your brain tells you not to swallow.  Fermented ice cream.  Bizarre.Very small selection of micro brews.  Nice selection of sake.  High off Strip prices.Bottom line, the food is not for everyone.  There are many better options for more globally accepted creativity.  You're better off looking to the Strip for excellence.
1	What a disappointment!  This place  has awful and very overpriced dishes.  My family and a couple of coworkers tried lots of dishes.  Pupu platter was a disaster.  The sweet pea soup tastes just like toilet cleaner smells.  The watermelon with goat cheese is just that.  No marinade, no flavor, nothing.  The fish fritters were overcooked and tasteless.  The short ribs were overcooked and lacklustre.  The duck was undercooked and outrageously priced given 5 tiny little slices for, I believe, $22.  Oh, and it's topped with a few little cereal balls.  Yes, cereal balls. The jarred tuna is ordinary raw tuna, nothing to speak of at all.  Tuna deviled eggs...well, we love raw tuna and deviled eggs, and as much as we like to be experimental, especially myself, this is not a match made in heaven, for sure. Meat in the meatballs was of poor quality.  They were hard and gristley. Soba noodles I expected to bland, as they usually are, but these were tasteless. Striped bass was fishy and dried out.  Small plates can be lots of fun, but not one thing, not one! was good at all. Too bad this place took over Petra.  It wasn't great but it and Bottles and Burgers, both now closed, were far better.  The recipes are just awful, and also, a couple of the dishes were missing ingredients.  The other thing is that the menu doesn't list all of the ingredients in a dish...just a few.  Doesn't make sense.  Our waiter, was "out to lunch" as well. Tivoli is so lovely, but goodness, this place is horrible.
5	I have eaten at Poppy Den several times now and I have to say, I love it! I could eat the fried "rice" (they use quinoa) every day for the rest of my life- its that good. I order it with no tofu and will occasionally sub in chicken. Also- the burger is really really good... be adventurous and give it a try, you won't regret it. I took coworkers there for lunch and the service was fun and the experience was positive. The bartender, Brian, is a good guy who knows his stuff- I look forward to meeting up with friends there very soon!
4	We came to check out this new venue on New Year Eve 2013. I personally enjoy the food as well as the decorations. It is tucked away in the quiet Trivoli Village where you don't even feel you are in Vegas! I can see this spot as a good fit for a nice date or simply friends hanging out. As we walked in the entrance, we were immediately greeted by the pretty hostesses. Besides their beautiful smiles, they offer coat check which is not seen normally in other places, even those ones on the strip. On the right hand side, there is a full service bar which can seat about 10 people comfortably. The inside is fairly dark but my eyes are quickly drawn to the beautiful decorations. The lights, the wall papers, the little candle on the table, even the door knobs,etc, some are rusty some are contemporary with Asian influence, it gives a "arty" feeling to it. I can feel I am already in love with the decoration before we even try the food! On the TV at the bar, they are playing traditional Cantonese movies with English subtitles. They have high table seating, regular table seating as well as booth seating at the first floor, and more tables and a small bar at the second floor plus a mini lounge area. Again the decoration is amazing! I also wanted to ask them where they got that light from and put them in my house! lol They also have a outdoor sofa seating area (no tables) where you can look over the balcony and enjoy the colorful lights outside. It was a bit too cold for that tho on New Year Eve. When it comes to the food, we came here with a work invite so luckily we got a chance to try almost all the signature dishes they have here. My No.1 favourite is the Tomato Soup. It is thick and creamy. Their Shrimp Skewer is another great treat! It comes with grilled bell pepper. TSince we got everything as bite size, I can't tell how big their portion is compared to the price. I guess I will have to come back and try again! For their service, I guess most of them were new hired and it is their opening night, they definitely seemed a bit too busy. Our server, very nice and sweet, forgot about our drink twice and brought the wrong drink once. Another guy server doesn't seem to know the ingredients of the dishes very well. His standard reply is "some asian herbs". It is understandable that he was still not familiar with the dishes on their opening day, hopefully the staffs would be more knowledgable by now. In summary, I truly enjoy the experience here with Poppy Den, and I will surely come back and share it with my friends!
5	I have to say I had a wonderful experience here.  And I have to say Angelo Sosa is such a nice guy, along with the rest of the staff.  Everyone is so courteous, A+ to service.We ordered a bunch of plates.  The burger, short ribs, watermelon with goat cheese, wings, dumplings, kimchi fried rice, and tuna deviled eggs, and finally the charred bok choy.  I have an eating disorder (the opposite of the usual disorder, my problem is I eat too much) so I inhaled the food and too much of it.  Even when were done Angelo Sosa was gracious enough to have us try his miso salmon.  That was the winner out of everything.  My advice to everyone is to have this dish, but before eating it, you should just take a moment and smell the dish.  The combination of the miso salmon and the shishito peppers is pretty phenomenal.  The dish tastes as good as its fragrance.You can't really go wrong with anything you order.  Of course I have my personal favorites (salmon, the burger), but the rest of the food is great. I am glad we have a contemporary restaurant in Summerlin with Asian influence.   I will be back, and thank you again for taking such good care of our party, we appreciate it.
4	Poppy Den has great style and great food to match.  From excellent service to delicious food, Poppy Den is a winner in my book.The seating areas are roomy and very comfortable.  I love the outdoor seating and music on cooler days, but we sat indoors at a booth.  Our server provided kimchee pickled cucumbers with bean sprouts, which was yummy and a great way to start brunch.  They have small plates, big plates, and sides.  The small plates are far from being small.  Their big plates are a good size for a meal, and the options are not so much that it takes an hour to decide.For starters, we ordered pork dumplings, crab on toast with mango, and a poppy basket served with honey, compote, and poppy butter.  They are all delicious and light, even the pork dumplings.  Everything was cooked perfectly and delivered to the table well presented.For our main meals we ordered the poppy burger done as the chef prefers, along with sunny side eggs  served with house made chicken sausage and potatoes, followed by mochi pancakes with a fruit compote and creme fraiche.  Every single dish was delicious, well portioned, and so good that I would come back for all of them again.What I love the most are weird desserts, and their chips with miso toffee ice cream is fabulous.  I didn't get the same strong miso taste as another yelper complained about.  I found the ice cream with salty chips to be a great combination.  Their green tea brulee is yummy and comes with a great chili wafer.  If you look at it, you'd swear you were eating guacamole and chips, and I love playing with food like that.Overall, excellent service and food.  I set my reservation on Opentable for next week, this time for dinner.  Hope to see you there soon.
5	Great meal, delicious drinks, and the service was magnificent. Every detail is so well thought out here.  I loved the bitters at the bar. The food is delicious and clever. We ordered everything from the watermelon goat cheese, poppy burger, crab salad on toast, chicken ect. It was a large party of us and everyone was pleased. I can't recommend this place enough. Thanks Angelo! Oh yea, please never get rid of the fries and Kim cheese sauce. Seriously obsessed! :)
2	The service is super slow. It took the bartender 21 minutes to make 1 drink for us!! The menu was strange.  It had an Asian flare to all of items and some of them looked just plain awful.  Stay far away from this place.
5	I have eaten here a couple of times and love the ambiance.  The different rooms to dine in are fabulous. The lounge upstairs has that dark romantic feel, and the downstairs area has options from the bar , to the dining area to patio seating.  Love all the options and the FOOD is fabulous.  The watermelon salad is a must. Small plates to larger entrees are available.  Burger was fabulous.  Going back to try more.  They have fun cocktails too.  Just ask the bartender to recommend some.   The staff is very friendly and I can't wait to go back.
5	After our Friday night at View my buddy and I were told the same owner opened up another hot spot in Tivoli called Poppy Den! We decides to grab a drink and check it out. The place was packed and it was 11 pm! We headed upstairs and entered another world. The lounge upstairs that they call the den was a blast. They have a dj that plays until 2 AM on the weekends and I can easily see this place being the new Summerlin hot spot. We can't wait to come try the food!!
5	"Spring" Restaurant Week 2013 meal #2 brought us to Poppy Den in Tivoli Village. Honestly, I have never heard of Angelo Sosa. But the Yelpthren seem to love the place, so I made sure to make it part of our RW lineup. And I'm thrilled to report that it is not overrated.Poppy Den by Angelo Sosa is all that and a (bowl) of chips (and ice cream). (That will make sense later).Course 1: Amma's Homemade Tomato Soup; Curried Whipped Cream, Cilantro, Extra Virgin Olive Oil ~OR~ Watermelon Goat Cheese Salad; Candied Wasabi, Extra Virgin Olive OilI knew the tomato soup would be good, but in the interest of diversifying, the XX half of the table got the soup while the XY half ordered the salad. Both were delicious. Goat cheese and watermelon apparently make a winning combination. If you had to pick though, go with the tomato soup. Jade W describes it as being very Tom Yum-esque. Delicious.Course 2: Monkfish With Onion Jam & Dill Ginger, Garlic, Coriander ~OR~ Poppy Burger; Sweet & Sour Pickles, Fried EggsEveryone went with the monkfish and it was a fine choice. The fish was perfectly cooked with just a hint of char. Two for two so far Mr Sosa.Course 3: Chips And Ice Cream ~OR~ Strawberry Sake ShortcakeWe diversified again with the XYs getting the shortcake and the XXs getting the chips. Personally, I enjoyed the shortcake more than the chips and ice cream, but either dessert would cap off your meal wonderfully.All this for $20? Excellent RW lunch. And while this has nothing to do with the quality of the meal, I happened to have the nicest plate during each course. (All four plates were different each time).Epilogue: We also went upstairs to check out the den. Definitely have to return to hang out up there some time.
5	What a way to spend our Sunday afternoon and our moolah on the Restaurant Week special menu lunch at Poppy Den!  Earl and I got the following:1st Course-Tomato Soup:  Layers of flavor.  Earl, who is not a tomato kind of guy, loved this soup.  The Watermelon salad with goat cheese was very delicious too.  The goat cheese was of great quality, and I love the crunchy wasabi that was added to this dish.2nd Course-Earl and I both got the monkfish with onion jam and dill.  The fish was cooked to perfection.  The meat has the same texture as lobster.  3rd Course-Strawberry Sake Shortcake: We liked the black pepper whipped cream on top of this shortcake.  Other than that, it was pretty plain to me.  The Chips and Icecream was interesting.  The chips were a tad too salty for me.  The lemon poppy icecream was pretty good.  Only gripe is that there wasn't much icecream or chips, compared to another table that was ahead of us, who also did the restaurant week spring menu.  Upon inquiry, we were told that the amount of icecream and chips on that dessert will be the new quantity on that dessert.Service was awesome!  Our waitress was very friendly and personable.  Added to this memorable fun lunch was to have it with an awesome group of people.  Lots of fun and laugh.  Additionally, we got to take pictures with Angelo Sosa!!!  I was hoping that we will see him today too.  Based on the conversation we had with him, he stays in Vegas one week out of the month...just so glad he decided to come today!  He is super friendly, personable, and awesome as well.Based on the food alone, it would have been a 4 star review.  However, the service more than made up for the last deserving star.It's a 5 star experience that I will not forget!
5	Restaurant Week...This is stop #1 for me.  Met a few Yelpers on a nice Sunday afternoon for lunch.  The RW menu consisted of  an appetizer, the meal, and dessert.  All for just $20.13.  Considering that this place normally serves well presented food and at a higher cost than average, $20.13 is a steal.  However, I actually was one of the fools that didn't order off the RW menu and got their Fish Sandwich, Poppy Fries, and Ice Cream.  The tilapia in the sandwich is fairly sized, flaky, and flavorful.  This was prepared like their Monkfish with a mix of dill and sauteed onions.  All of this was then caramelized and placed inside a bun. This was delicious and I still could imagine the taste while I type out this review.  Nothing really special about their fries, but complimented the sandwich perfectly.  For dessert, I got their Miso Ice Cream with Chips.  The ice cream was perfect immediately following a rich tasting fish sandwich. Now for the bonus of the afternoon...Angelo Sosa himself.  I overheard him saying to another Yelper that he only gets a chance to visit this restaurant one week out of the month. He went straight to our table, talked a little, and posed in a photo with us. According to the other Yelpers in our party, the food was extraordinaire today.  I wonder if it's because the boss was present.  Great dude that serves great food!!!  Hah..a rhyme every time.  Shout Outs:  Another great time with other Yelpers.  Yelpers that I met for the first time today included Ife A, Kevin P, Regina P, Earl C, and Jade W.  It was nice meeting you all and look forward to our next event.  And I can't forget Christina W, Arvin C, Vanessa N, and Anthony M.  Another meal with good people. Actually, that's twice with you guys this week.  Let's make it a habit.
4	Came for Restaurant Week $20.13 lunch with the BF, Jieun, and Paolo. We were the dupes that didn't know some of our friends were gonna be here, so we came earlier than the large group, and another Yelper came with his family. It was accidental Yelper takeover time or something. Hehee. While the $20 menu is just this week, all these items can be had a la carte on their regular menu so it'll still be a relevant review even after. And if you live under a rock like that Geico commercial, Restaurant Week has participating restaurants have pre fixe menus with a portion benefiting Three Square that happens twice a year (spring and fall).Starter-Amma's Homemade Tomato Soup- it's a interesting tomato soup in that it doesn't taste predominantly of tomato, but had a sort've tom yum flavoring to it which was different and exciting. Watermelon Goat Cheese Salad- watermelon makes for a refreshing salad and that's all good and fine, but what did this one up was the crunchy candied wasabi. It wasn't expected and the tiny bit elevated it. Everyone got the monkfish entree over the burger. Monkfish was cooked well, had nice char on it for a bit of flavor and crunch. If you've never had, it's meaty and chewy sort've like how lobster or shrimp is. The carmelized onion jam was sweet, a bit tangy and there were a few surprising bites with mustard seeds. There was a pile of dill on top which added extra freshness. It's a lot of flavors going on, for me not a bad thing. I would have liked some starch, but perhaps I should have gotten a side. Dessert- The ice cream with chips was decent. The lemon poppy was good, but wish it was a bit more lemony. Toffee miso was interesting. I tasted the miso toffee stronger when it went with the salty chips so I guess that was what it was for. Strawberry shortcake you can definitely taste the sake in it, which was also a reminiscent beer flavor with the berries and the bread reminded me a bit of cornbread. I liked the pepper whipped cream. This was alright, but would say while good desserts were the weakest point for me. Service was friendly and decent. Apparently they were doing training and there were some lulls and our server apologized for it, but I didn't think it really was anything noticeable. We had good company so a bit of wait isn't really the worse thing to happen. This is one of those restaurants I can see fierce love or hate for though. The food has so much bold flavors which can be too much for some or not in their taste. I for one, am a fan of being bold. I will be back for the regular menu soon.
4	We officially kicked off Spring Restaurant Week last night at Poppy Den. It's an Asian gastro pub in Tivoli Village by Angelo Sosa. You might recognize the name from Top Chef Season 7 or All Stars. I was immediately intrigued when I heard of its opening, but we hadn't found time to check it out until now; Restaurant Week was the perfect excuse. Our party of three had a seven o'clock reservations, we were seated in the center of the dining room. There were several tables filled but I thought it'd be busier. Service was attentive. We started with drinks: Asahi ($7), Big Dog Rebel Red ($7) and Pinot Grigio ($7). We each chose items from the Restaurant Week Menu, $30.13 for three courses. The Crab Toast with Mango Mustard Grilled ciabatta and ripe mango got us started. This was delicious. It's a bit sweet and savory with a nice crunch from the ciabatta. We all thoroughly enjoyed it. We sampled both entrees the Miso Salmon with Shishito Peppers Mint vinaigrette and soy sauce was nicely prepared and a bit sweet. The Roasted Duck Breast; with Poppy Honey Italian honey and cracked almonds is what lured me in and it was actually my least favorite. I found it a bit chewy since it was cooked a bit more than I like. The flavors were nice, though. I loved the grilled bok choy. I would have been thrilled with a big ole plate of that alone. Dessert was Chips and Ice Cream or Strawberry Sake Shortcake, but they ran out of strawberries. So, we had our choice of raspberries or blueberries. Raspberries it was! The ice cream was strawberry sake. I loved it! On the other shortcake was whipped cream and cracked black pepper, I enjoyed the unusual twist. Speaking of unusual twists the chips and ice cream was literally housemade potato chips in scoops of lemon poppy and miso toffee ice cream. Sweet and salty, it's such a lovely combination. Overall, the seamlessness of the multitude of flavors in each dish is stellar. We thought it was a great experience, we'd like to return and sample more of the menu. This Restaurant Week special is a great deal: the crab toast, bok choy and duck breast are regularly $43 and that's not even counting dessert. It's considerable savings, plus you're helping a great cause with a portion of the proceeds benefiting Three Square Food Bank. Poppy Den also started Meaningful Mondays where they donate 20% of total sales to a different charity each week. It's a nice touch that they give back regularly.
1	The ambiance at Poppy Den is fantastic, the food is another thing.I'll give 5/5 for the ambiance.4/5 for the service.Tim and Manager Bex were very warming and welcoming.-5/5 for the food. For Tivoli Village's "first celebrity chef"... It was a complete disappointment. The food was lukewarm. The meatball and tomato dish tasted like they dropped a pack of processed miniature Costco meatballs in a bowl of tomato base. The kimchi fried rice was mediocre at best.The tilapia dill sandwich was unacceptable.The fish tasted old and dry and the bread was rough.I thought the fries tasted and looked similar to McDonalds. Even though my girlfriend said that would be an insult to the golden arches.It's safe to say this place won't be receiving my business again...neither does it yours!
2	We paid $110 for our meal at Poppy Den and walked out hungry after two hours. Yikes.My husband thought the hostess at the front was kind of rude but I didn't notice that myself. I did notice that after we were seated, it took a LONG TIME for anyone to bring us menus or water. Yes, the restaurant was busy but there were about a million servers walking around so I am not sure why everything took so long.We ordered our food, one small and one large plate per person which our waitress explained is not the thing to do here, as it is a "shared concept." Ok, every meal we have is a shared concept so whatever, bring the plates out however you want!My watermelon and goat cheese salad with candied wasabi was YUMMY but I wish the watermelon had been a little more chilled. Warm watermelon... no thanks. This was honestly my favorite dish. I didn't care as much for the crab toast my husband ordered but it was decent.Our large plates took about a million years to arrive. We just sat there and sat there and sat there. The waitress offered to get us some fries or something in between and it took SO LONG that I honestly feel that at any other restaurant that would be comped but maybe we didn't spend enough money to warrant special treatment. The fries with "kim cheese" sauce were not so great but we were hungry so we ate them. The sauce is waaaay too sweet and the fries are obviously frozen.Large plates...  this is a hilarious misnomer because the pieces of fish are itsy bitsy. My husband's striped bass with edamame puree was honestly yummy. I kept stealing bites. My mahi mahi on onion jam with dill was totally blah. The fish had no flavor and the onion jam was cold so the whole dish quickly became a gross lukewarm.Our waitress was honestly quite pleasant despite the restaurant's hiccups and mediocre food but overall I just felt ripped off. I'd like more food, more quality and more service (seriously, the length of time we waited between courses was outrageous) for the three-figure price tag. I'm not sure that even the promise of the free champagne happy hour for ladies could bring me back.
3	Not bad but not great. We took an expen$ive cab from the strip to try it and it was NOT worth the round trip. This is supposed to have an Asian influence but for the life of us, couldn't find it. If you live in the area, it's worth a shot, not terribly expensive. We were there on a chilly winter's eve so there was zero crowd or trendiness apparent. Dined tapas style rather than main plates. Cocktails were pretty good. I don't see the rave and often don't in LV.
5	This place has a great ambiance. It would make a great date night restaurant.... Anyway... My friend is a bartender here so a group of us went for drinks and appetizers and we even got to meet the Chef! I cant wait to go back and try the Salmon as it looked amazing .
3	If I could I'd give this place a 3.5 stars instead of 3. We sampled a few items including:-Grain salad with asian pesto: this dish was a bit too oily for my taste. I was also expecting some kind of greens or vegetables to go with it, but instead I received a bowl of seasoned grains. This wasn't exactly the salad I was hoping for.-Meat balls : these were so salty it made the dish not very pleasant, at least in my opinion since I eat very little salt.-Miso salmon with peppers - my dinner companion ordered this dish and I tried the salmon. Best entre among all the items that we ordered that night. Pefectly cooked and seasoned. The salmon just melts in your mouth. Delish!-Roasted potatoes - They're roasted potatoes. I can make these at home. Nothing special.
3	3.5 stars. Very dog friendly. Came here with my husband and two dogs.   On a beautiful spring day, we were seated outside without problem for lunch.  Service was great, even Bex, the manager, checked on us and a huge bowl of water was served to our dogs. The restaurant setup and decor is inviting. The food is solidly good.  The jarred tuna was excellent. Sort of like a poke. Wish it was a bit colder, though.  The short ribs, didn't seem like an actual short rib cut, but were tasty yet not distinct.  My husband liked the dumplings, but found the sauce too sweet.  Cocktails are unlike any other.  If you never had sake, here is the place to try a few.  Wine selection by the glass is very well thought out, hitting popular varietals and also less popular varietals that actually pair well with Asian flavors.The only real negative, was that a few small plates and a few drinks added up to a $100 bill inc. tip,  and we were still kind of hungry.  In all fairness, we did not try a large plate which may have been a better value. I'll definitely come back to try a few more things.
4	Review for Restaurant Week dinner menu.It was a beautiful evening and we ate on the outdoor patio. Only walked through the restaurant and can't comment much on the decor except that it was bright and clean.The music on the patio was a little to loud, a type of rock, not my favorite for dinner. The tomato soup as a starter is not to be missed. Excellent taste and a large portion. Do not pass it up! The main events were Miso Salmon with Shishito Peppers. The miso provided a nice sweetness and the peppers had the right amount of heat for my taste. It's a winner! The other entree was the Meatballs and Tomato. The meatballs were tender and were complemented perfectly by the tomato sauce. Desserts were Chips and Ice Cream. An interesting combination with the saltyness of the potato chip and the coolness of the Ice Cream. Different but good. The second dessert was Strawberry Sake Shortcake. The sake is absorbed by the shortcake but not soggy. The black pepper flecks in the cream is an interesting  combo. Overall a very flavorful dessert.Our sever was very pleasent and helpful. The service was timely. Poppy Den is another great addition to eating at Tivoli Village and on our repeat list. In the future we may be able sample all continents at Tivoli Village. Keep those restaurants coming!
4	This place is wonderful! The decor is fun, modern, rustic, and inviting. Since the weather was gorgeous yesterday afternoon, my friend Juan and I requested a table outside and it made the experience even more enjoyable. Service was fantastic. Our server and several other members of the team were friendly, attentive, and extremely helpful (our server made a few really great recommendations). From start to finish, we had a delicious and memorable dinner. I am absolutely going back!They also offer a daily H/H (5-6:30pm) which features FREE champagne or champagne cocktails for ladies. Yes, seriously! I enjoyed two Kir Royales which was champagne and Chambord, YUM! And it was good champagne!{ Small Plates }CRAB TOAST WITH MANGO MUSTARD: Shredded crab on crostini served with a spicy mango mustard and diced mango. Good, not memorable for me. The mustard was pretty spicy.WATERMELON SALAD WITH GOAT CHEESE: Cubes of watermelon with goat cheese and some herbs. It was good and refreshing, but too simple for the price tag.KOREAN BBQ SHORT RIB: Marinated short rib with "kimchee" apple and cucumber slaw. Really, really delicious!! This tastes JUST like my mom's marinade! Definitely gets the Korean stamp of approval!TUNA DEVILED EGGS: Not your mom's deviled eggs! On one side you have delicious tuna tartare (raw) and the other side you have a diced egg white salad. The flavors, sauce were just SO good. I can eat this again and again.{ Large Plates }MISO SALMON WITH SHISHITO PEPPERS: The salmon was cooked perfectly and I was really pleased that it wasn't a glaze, rather a flavorful sauce. The shishito peppers were nicely charred and added something different than your typical spinach or asparagus.SHRIMP & GRITS: Nicely grilled shrimp flavored with turmeric with deliciously creamy "grits" (we were told that it was actually polenta) made with yuzu and coconut milk.{ Dessert }STRAWBERRY SAKE SHORT CAKE: Delicious cake soaked in sake (cooked off and not overpowering at all), accompanied with vanilla ice cream, sliced strawberries, and the best part, fresh black pepper whipped cream! Wowza. Fabulous and surprising dessert.
4	Yeah, the quinoa "fried rice" is ALL THAT.I'm so glad Petra got the boot! That place sucked and kind of ruined my 19th birthday. Or was it my 20th? Oh well. Either way, I'm beyond elated that Hot Chef... I mean TOP CHEF ;) Angelo Sosa opened his restaurant here! With Honey Salt & Poppy Den in Summerhood, I kind of still wish I lived there. Actually, Its probably better that I don't. If I was still 5 minutes away from this joint I'd probably be here more often then I should.SUNDAY BRUNCH: The only Korean fusion I find acceptable is at Poppy Den! Sosa has mastered Kim-Cheese, Kim-Hollandaise, Kim-Relish... With my name in all that,  its like it was meant for me to eat. *bad joke end* All *bad* jokes aside, it really is delicious. I probably looked a little ridiculous dunking everything I could into that Kim-Cheese but it was so delicious and very easy for my non-kimchi-eating friends to enjoy. I stole some bites from my friends' plates but my Eggs Benedict had to be my favorite. Hello polenta cake deliciousness. Other honorable mentions are the Pea Soup, chicken wings, and Yuzu Caesar Salad.LVRW 2013: $30.13 three-course dinner? What a deal! After trying PD's pea soup & tomato soup, I have officially dubbed them the soup masters. The crab toast we got was tasty but what makes the dish is that mango mustard. If I order than again, I'm definitely asking for extra! The Roasted Duck Breast is such a cute dish in concept. Play on the sweet honey and add texture by throwing in Kix cereal. But to be frank, it was way too sweet for my taste and not enjoyable. They do however do a killer job on their Miso Salmon. One of the better salmon dishes I've had in Vegas (over many Strip places). Everyone has that friend that always orders salmon when they go out right? This is the place to take them for a delicious and perfectly-cooked salmon that won't bust the waist line!DESSERT: Everyone goes nuts over the chips & ice cream.The ice cream is tasty and the chips have a homemade kettle chip quality.  Its good but not all that. Before I tried their Strawberry Shortcake, I remember Vanessa N. raving that she doesn't like most strawberry shortcakes but she loves the one at Poppy Den.The cake is soaked in sake and the whipped cream is infused with peppercorn.  I can confirm that it is the business.
4	Came here for the Restaurant Week lunch menu and it was a steal for $20.  I thought we were robbing them for the food quality and value.Top Chef finalist Angelo puts forth some very fine asian fusion.   We started with Amma's Homemade Tomato Soup which brought back memories of childhood tomato soup.  But the soup had a nice kick with curry and a hint of lemon grass I believe.  It was served with some charred bread that was so good.  I mopped the entire bowl and could've had a basket of the bread.The main entree i had was the Monkfish with Jam and Dill Ginger.  It's a play on a Vietnamese Catfish with Dill (Cha Ca Thang Long).  The dill and sweet onions paired perfectly with the tumeric from the monkfish.Last I had the strawberry shortcake which was great.They had live music going on - overall just a great atmosphere.  It's located in Tivoli village so nice place to have a meal and walk around.  I recommend this place - go check it out!
4	I had never been to the Tivoli Village before. I went to Poppy to meet up with some fellow Yelpers for Ladies Happy Hour. I loved the outside seating area that they had. The bar was cozy and stocked with plenty of alcohol. The servers were very friendly and funny. They were good at making suggestions on dishes to try. The menu had a little bit of everything for everyone. I had the tomato soup which was spicy and filling.I also tried to crab toast which was very good as well. I tasted the quinoa with tofu and pineapple. That is what I am going to order next visit- which is tomorrow since I will be next door to Poppy's getting a facial. Great place to meet up with friends and have a light meal and a stiff drink.
3	I really, really, really wanted to like this place.  And it's not just because I had a major crush on Angelo on his season of Top Chef.   Sadly, I think my crush has been cured.Let's start with the pluses:  (1) This restaurant is decorated fabulously.  It looks like a cool, hip bar/restaurant you might find in Cabo.  Very tasteful and super sexy lighting.  (2) All of the staff was very accommodating and because the place was kind of empty, we had our choice of seating.  Probably a good thing since we dumbly started out on the patio and decided to move inside because we were freezing.  Two of us had a specialty cocktail.  I tried the Silk Road.  If you are a huge fan of tequila, you may enjoy this drink.  I did not.  The tequila was so over-powering that I didn't even finish it. We decided to do appetizers and ordered: (1) Pupu Platter; (2) General's Chicken Wings; (3) quinoa fried rice; and (4) Fries.  The fries were excellent and I also really liked the fish fritter balls on the pupu platter.  That just sounds wrong.  Everything else was pretty Meh.  The chicken wings had a great flavor and crispiness to the skin, but were so fatty that we didn't eat all of them.  We actually didn't finish anything but the fries and left feeling pretty unsatisfied.  Although I will pass on Poppy Den, obviously, a lot of people love this place and I hope it does really well, as it is always exciting to see young chefs making it happen.
5	Poppy Den is one of the newest, and by far the best, restaurant to have opened in Tivoli Village.  It has managed to become a favorite of mine in the short time they've been open.  One of the best things about Poppy Den is their service.  From opening week to now, service has been top notch.  Poppy Den has done a great job of selecting their staff, from hostesses to waitstaff to bartenders, they have a strong team.  Parties of 10 or more, remaking entrees, remaking drinks, dealing with the effects of ladies happy hour, finding fruit for us to feed each other with; they do what they can to make customers happy.  I've always received great service, especially from Camille, Kim and Julian.Many dishes here combine sweet and salty flavors, and they work well.  Having tried quite a few things on their menu, some of the must try dishes are the Quinoa "Fried Rice" with Sun Dried Pineapple (best quinoa dish I've had), Amma's Homemade Tomato Soup, the Shrimp and Grits (pureed polenta and yuzu!!), and Miso Salmon with Shishito Peppers (perfectly cooked salmon).  Other good choices are the Roasted Duck Breast with Poppy Honey, the Crispy Pork Belly (breading is a bit too thick, but still good), and the Poppy Burger (the pickled cucumbers make this).  For desserts be sure to try their Miso Toffee Ice Cream with Chips and the Sake Strawberry Cake.They do offer brunch earlier in the day, which I think is decent but not as impressive as their dinner menu.  The drink menu is good, however I have seen some inconsistencies depending on who makes the cocktails.  There is a Ladies Happy Hour daily from 5:00pm - 6:30pm, which offers free champagne and champagne cocktails.  Now that the weather is getting nice, the outdoor area is now open for dining.  And with those details out of the way, have some pictures.Amma's Homemade Tomato Soup: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poppy-den-by-angelo-sosa-las-vegas?select=PkZ0qiTnB9QGDS6w0B199g#PkZ0qiTnB9QGDS6w0B199gRoasted Duck Breast with Poppy Honey: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poppy-den-by-angelo-sosa-las-vegas?select=zqpmi5UjdVTDWwjV6ejO4Q#zqpmi5UjdVTDWwjV6ejO4QPoppy Fries with Kim Cheese Sauce: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poppy-den-by-angelo-sosa-las-vegas?select=r6Nbk5ROwrGgxrZYVWxwag#r6Nbk5ROwrGgxrZYVWxwagMiso Toffee Ice Cream with Chips: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poppy-den-by-angelo-sosa-las-vegas?select=k2sumRE6z2uXuBAYrFLPKg#k2sumRE6z2uXuBAYrFLPKgPupu Platter: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poppy-den-by-angelo-sosa-las-vegas?select=5845qdfrqcPUR4F5B5fSeA#5845qdfrqcPUR4F5B5fSeASake Strawberry Cake: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poppy-den-by-angelo-sosa-las-vegas?select=X-4mFTq2o-M1TQdE2hfr7Q#X-4mFTq2o-M1TQdE2hfr7QCrispy Pork Belly: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poppy-den-by-angelo-sosa-las-vegas?select=jdixvSOUNE0l194FTQa7cg#jdixvSOUNE0l194FTQa7cgEggs Benedict: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poppy-den-by-angelo-sosa-las-vegas?select=w4P_ztg_mtEZAUQjiv8xRQ#w4P_ztg_mtEZAUQjiv8xRQMonkfish with Onion Jam & Dill: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poppy-den-by-angelo-sosa-las-vegas?select=o8YWTQEaJbC_40sR_q612w#o8YWTQEaJbC_40sR_q612wPoppy Burger: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poppy-den-by-angelo-sosa-las-vegas?select=RFC5aTPTFjSCuvIBzNYgvg#RFC5aTPTFjSCuvIBzNYgvgAnd of course, Angelo Sosa! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poppy-den-by-angelo-sosa-las-vegas?select=WdlaL5IS-SCrOL41etysug#WdlaL5IS-SCrOL41etysug
4	Last night I was wandering around Tivoli Village killing time and in search of food.  Nothing was looking too promising since most the places I saw were repeats from Town Square (yawn).  Out of nowhere I see a sign for a place called Poppy Den.  What's a Poppy Den and who is Angelo Sosa? I don't know the answers to either of those questions but remembered seeing a bunch of people on Yelp, who are far more into food than I, raving about the place.  And here it was, standing before me.I was greeted by two pleasant young ladies at the front desk and was quickly seated out on the patio. What's this?!?  A patio dining space in Vegas that doesn't look out onto a parking lot!  I'm sold already.Truthful statement in 1...2...3...The menu was a bit, well, unfamiliar to me ingredient-wise.  Some of the items I've never had before and the ingredients were foreign to me.  But that's what this is all about; trying something new.  I ordered a glass of cabernet while checking out the menu further. It was their house cab and tasted quite nice however I'd prefer a cab to be served in the proper wine glass, not a one size fits all wine glass.  I chose the Kim Chi fried rice for an appetizer/side dish.  Now I don't know who this Kim lady is but I'm in love with her fried rice. The presentation was cool since it had a whole sunny-side-up egg laid on top...different is good; I like that.  That stuff was amazing; I'll return just because of the fried rice.  For my entree I chose the steak and potatoes, with the steak medium plus. To my surprise the steak was cooked to the proper temperature (something a lot of places have a hard time doing) and was seasoned quite good. The potatoes, while odd in shape, were very good as well.  For desert, well, not really a fan of the strawberry shortcake.  The ice cream portion was great but the cracked pepper whipped cream was a shock to the taste buds; not for me.  The cake portion was kind of odd...not spongey, not flakey, not dense, not moist; something was just off about it and I can't put my finger on it.  The consistency was not to my liking.I really dig the atmosphere of the restaurant inside and out.  And let's be real here for a minute, the couple short comings in the meal were made up by the outstanding service provided by Eddie; who evidently is from Texas but not a country boy. Whatever man...I enjoyed dining here because of you and will be requesting you next time around.Thanks for providing a unique experience in the oftentimes tiring dining experience that occurs in Las Vegas.  I'm taking off one star solely based on a few menu selections not agreeing with my admittedly inexperienced pallet and the fact that I truly feel that wine should be presented in the proper glassware.  Til next time...
5	My girlfriend and I had dinner here last Friday night.  We wanted to see what the Top Chef finalist was doing all the way out here in Vegas, up in Tivoli Village.  The menu's concept is pretty cool.  A lot of healthier twists on some old fav's like the deviled eggs! They are a must! Its sort of deconstructed, where its only egg whites and he adds ahi tuna- so bomb! The chicken wings are enormous and delicious! A Little spicy, sweet and they are crispy which I love.  I had the China Cat Sunflower to drink which I loved.  So fresh and different with the green tea infusion, it was just the right amount of tequila flavor, balanced with the sweet floral St. Germain.  My friend had the Honey and Hazelnut for dessert! Which was a really tasty cocktail!  Its made with Jack Honey which you would never know by just drinking it.  The only downside was it's supposed to have a nutella rim and this one did not.  We sat at the bar to eat, we meet more interesting people that way :) and the bar staff was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu! Wish I could remember the girls name, (she told us we could call her Blondie) but all of the suggestions she made, we ordered and were very pleased.  I will definitely be back.
5	After a decent first visit for Restaurant Week, the BF and I decided to come back for dinner. We started off with their much talked about quinoa "fried rice" with dehydrated pineapple and tofu. It was pretty good - a bit sweet, a bit of spice in the back. You gotta like quinoa though which I happen to love. The BF got the striped bass with edamame. Nice fresh fish and was perfectly cooked. The puree was minty, and the sauce was a bit tangy, sweet and herbaceous with some dill swimming in it. It's a small-ish portion, but was fair still with the price and was still filling. I got the poppy burger which I ordered medium rare, because most places wont and would get it pink/medium. It actually came medium rare, which is surprising. It was a solid, juicy burger and had nice flavor. It was very messy though, I took a bite and the egg burst so I kept it knife and fork. The fries were nice and crisp, covered in togarashi seasoning and the kimcheese sauce was nice. It wasn't very kimchee tasting , but seasoned nacho cheese like. I love nacho cheese so that was a plus. It was a really filling and good burger and side for the $14 pricepoint.The service has been consistently friendly and nice here. Our server was also the bartender and he was attentive despite having the bar to run back and forth to and was super personable. This is definitely on the better restaurants to eat in the area. I can see the flavor profiles not for everyone, but for those who are into it, it's bold and exciting. I'm definitely a fan of what I've eaten so far and will be back.
5	Poppy Den is our new favorite place in Summerlin area. Love the ambiance, particularly the service staff. Every time I have been to the Poppy Den, I feel like I am home with the personal touch from all the wait staff who treat me like family... Love the vegan options - the barley grain salad, the green pea soup, the quinoa dish... Chef Angelo Sosa and team have really turned the place into a hot spot for the Summerlin residents..  On Friday evenings/nights there is a DJ who plays amazing music at the den. All in all, the Poppy Den continues to over deliver on the food, ambiance and service!!
5	Pricey and small portions, but the food is AMAZING! I'm so sad I missed out on the monkfish during RW, and the RW menu all together, but either way I was satisfied with the food. Chef angelo Sosa is just a master at his craft! I ordered the QUINOA "FRIED RICE" WITH SUN DRIED PINEAPPLE. Super delish and flavorful, with a hint of sweet. I would recommend this to try. Since I didn't get to try the MONKFISH (cries.) I ordered their MAHIMAHI WITH ONION JAM & DILL. Very powerful taste. It is super sweet. Good sweet. The fish portions are small portions of course so come prepared. The SHRIMP & GRITS was also delish, but it wasn't special or different from other shrimp and grits. So if you're looking for a good specialty dish. I steer away from this option if you already know what shrimp and grits taste like. I also suggest their WATERMELON SALAD WITH GOAT CHEESE. It is very refreshing and the goat cheese makes a great combo with the watermelon cubes. Who knew! It gives a good kick punch to it!Now for cocktails, I would suggest the HONEY AND HAZELNUT for a nice sweet girly, milky cocktail. It has Jack Daniels, honey, snap, coconut, nutella. It's sweet and milky like baileys or kahlua cream style. I had to order a second one after my first. It sure did do the trick. I also ordered their green tea creme brule which was also yummy.  It was very nice of the manager to also make the desserts on the house as her deep apologies for no monkfish. That was such a nice gesture, and she was also nice enough to show us the upper floor that is open during the evenings as a lounge area. It is very hip and they play music there as well. The service is excellent. multiple servers came by plus the manager to see to it that we were all satisfied. I would go back again. It was a good time, and a good lunch.
4	My experience was between 3-4 stars, but I rounded up for the lovely setting of their patio and the friendly service.  I went for happy hour and enjoyed their free champagne, then sampled both the fish cakes and the pork dumplings.The sauces on both dishes were excellent.  The fish cakes were heavy on the mashed potato and were a little under seasoned.  Though crisp exterior was perfectly fried without being heavy.  The pork dumplings were the real winner with well balanced flavors and textures and a dish I would happily re-order on my next visit.
2	Pretty restaurant, nice staff, good wine, and fabulous outdoor seating.  Too bad the food doesn't live up to the rest.Finally got to try this spot out and ordered the following:Poppy Fries with Kim "cheese" sauce - I ordered this because I thought the Kim "cheese" sauce would add some bold, Korean flavors.  What I got were cold, soggy fries with Jalapeno-flavored Cheez Whiz.  No kim chee flavor, not really even any cheese flavor, just....salty.  Also, as wrong as this sounds, I'd probably choose regular Cheez Whiz over Poppy Den's version.  Fish Fritters -  Essentially, one small step up from Gordon's fish sticks.  The only highlight to this dish is the sauce....which tasted like thousand island dressing doused in dill.  It was a very dim highlight.  The presentation was also terrible.  Little fried balls just chilin' in a bowl of dressing. Pass on this, for the love of god.  The Crispy Pork Dumplings - Essentially extra thick fried wontons.  This was such a lame dish it actually pissed me off.  I paid $11 dollars for something I could get in the freezer section at Smith's .  Actually, that's an insult to freezer-section dumplings.  These dumplings lack any redeeming quality - boring flavors, no creativity, forgettable all around.  At this point in the meal, I was ready to peace out.Overall, nothing about my meal hinted at the talent of Angelo Sosa or complex Asian flavors.  Perhaps I ordered the wrong things.  But, considering the dishes I did taste, I won't be back.
5	WOW!  What a journey!  Naked Lunch, one of many sensational craft cocktails, and the watermelon goat cheese salad have restored my faith in the Summerlin restaurant landscape.
5	Ahh Poppy Den...If being on yelp since 2010 has taught me anything it's keep an eye open for what Anthony M becomes the new duke of. Twin Creeks was a hit, Herbs n Rye another hit, Kyara classic favorite. Anyway not here to give 5 stars to Anthony for knowing a place being worth going to and starting trends so lets get on with it shall we?Finally had an opportunity to eat here with some amazing company. Had a newer drink that wasnt on the menu yet but is going to be added soon as part of the summer seasonal. The Naked Lunch cocktail has got to be one of THE BEST cocktails i've had in quite some time. Since i've switched to bourbons and snobbish craft beers the sweet and fruity drinks have been replaced with drinks that do away with the fufu and straight to the booze and booze flavors with some enhancers with some sweetness to take off the edge. It was quite refreshing to take sips of this nicely balanced sweet and fruity cocktail. Everyone says 'if you ever go to Poppy Den, get the QUINOA FRIED RICE" no joke what they do with the quinoa is nothing short of absolutely amazing not going to dwell on it because several others have already reviewed it and have described it quite better than i can.The General's Chicken Wings surely reflect our great nation's military higher ups...old, senile, and adulterous...But the wings on the other hand are friggin amazing! Felix over at the bar recommended them and described them as 'larger than chicken but smaller than turkey' and he wasnt wrong with that description at all. Due to the awesome customer service these were comp'ed as well as a round of drinks for reasons unexplained until the kitchen was cranking out a plate of these once every 10 minutes. These things are quite addictive and wonderfully tasty. Sorry Brian (Wing King)...then again Brian's wings are cheaper and i got 70+ flavors to choose from so it's not a complete jump of the fence to greener grasses just yet.Shrimp and Grits. Not really a Girts kinda guy. Only had them once and it came from a military messing facility so we got the grits no one else wanted to buy made from people who hated their jobs and get entertained by swearing into the food to give it some extra hatred....Anyway, if i wasnt so full from everything else plus the cocktails i surely would have ate the whole damn bowl and not feel an ounce of guilt until Felix told me how much butter went into it...These arent you traditionally cooked grits with lots AND LOTS of butter and cheese for flavor. They added coconut cream and maybe some dried shredded coconut to give it a nice...well coconut flavor which i was not expecting at all. The black tiger prawns were cooked to perfection and were plump and delicious. Would have liked them grilled to give a little smokey shrimp flavor to the coconuttie grits but that's just nit picking.If budget wasnt an issue i would not hesitate to eat here until i tasted every single thing on the menu at least once. They've got my seal of approval.  Yelp 100 - 021 of 100
5	I came here for a late lunch after an afternoon of hiking, and was a little intimidated being a tad dusty from the hike- so I chose to sit outside. I felt completely relaxed. The patio was lovely! The cocktails were fresh and inventive, at that point I knew I'd be back just for the cocktails, but the food was incredibly tasty and interesting! Each dish had such complexity of flavors, I now can't wait to go back for dinner.
3	The Silk Road is great: spicy with a unique flavor and great after taste/bite. Skip the pork dumplings, they just aren't interesting or worth it.
5	OMG. I was going to Poppy Den with some family members ONLY to get dessert. When we saw the menu, we were instantly drawn in to ordering dinner AND dessert. The atmosphere is great and the decor is wonderful. The staff is incredibly nice, and the food is spot on. I ordered the general wings and they were to DIE FOR. If you go here, you MUST get them. I also ordered the chocolate molten cake with the toffee ice cream. That dish was the best dessert I have ever had. This is possibly the best restaurant I have been to so far in my time living in Vegas. Incredible!
5	Had a service related bad experience but it was attended to promptly & simply was some of the best customer service I have ever experienced! Highly recommend this place.
5	I am seriously kicking myself for not coming here during Restaurant Week.  $30 for lunch would have been a total steal compared to the bill my buddy and I received after a tremendous lunch on a sunny weekday afternoon.  But it was all worth it and I will be doing it again soon.Let's start with the awesome appetizers we had.  Everyone mentions the watermelon salad and it really is all that.  The goat cheese, oil and other seasonings that come with each piece of juicy watermelon is absolutely heavenly.  The tuna deviled eggs were good but we both felt needed some kind of cracker to put it on.  My friend was starving by the time we got there and added the kimchi fried rice to our order as our terrific server was walking away.  I enjoyed that was well.  Talk about a spectrum of flavors just for the apps!!For entrees, I got the crispy pork belly which was the biggest portion of pork belly I'd ever had.  The fatty juiciness of the meat itself really complemented the crispy and crusty exterior.  But what really blew us away was my friend's duck dish.  Perfectly sliced pieces of duck topped with Kix cereal.  Why Kix?  Why not!  One of the best duck entrees I've ever had.  I already know I am getting that on a future visit. They had a great cocktail menu.  Our server was explaining how she was in experimenting with a cocktail containing siracha that she wasn't ready to unleash yet .  Maybe I'll try to make it a happy hour request.  The manager, Bex, was nice enough to show us the upstairs area before we left and that just had "fun time" written all over it.
1	Very Very disappointing! Poor service, there were only three occupied tables during our experience.  Waitress kept trying to take away my Sake sangria before I was finished.  But did not offer to fill my empty water glass, the miso salmon arrived before my watermelon and goat cheese plate.  Drinks were horrible !For two people lunch was over $70.00, and not satisfying. Will not do that again.  I liked Petras much better.
2	First let me start by saying that I am EXTREMELY lenient when it comes to service at restaurants because I had worked on that end of the food/beverage spectrum for years... but this place really needs to work with their wait staff on their serving skills (anticipation of the command, pre-busing, checking back in decent time intervals, etc).  Upon arriving to the restaurant I met some friends who were already seated, and I was greeted by one of them with the statement, "Hey!  Order your drink/food now because we've been here about 30 minutes and are JUST getting our waters..." assuming my friends were just being high maintenance I shook it off as always..but no joke the first drink took about 25 minutes, the second took about 20 minutes (and this was after multiple reminders to the server).  The food we ordered as a group came out in shifts so that at one point some of our group was almost finished with their food by the time others had just begun.I ordered the Korean short ribs which were flavorful but no where near as tender as I'd hoped, and honestly I feel like the meat was no better than the Hawaiian steak I get from the Aloha Grill for half the price.I also ordered the Kimchee fried rice, which was tasty, but again I feel as if I've had better for less.  I'm a "foodie" so I can appreciate costly food when it's worth it, and again, these dishes were good... BUT I don't know if the pricing was accurate (personally for me).On the POSITIVE side:1) I ordered the Silk Road (beverage) and ordered a second because I liked it so much.  The drink was amazing and refreshing, with a little spicy kick.  For $9 the drink was pretty good, but could have been a little larger (it came in an almost 4-5oz coffee looking mug, but $9 in Vegas for any decent drink is doing well).2) This beautiful girl who I believe was a hostess or manager brought us out complimentary Watermelon salads as appetizers due to our wait.  The Watermelon Salad with Goat cheese is amazing as everyone on this site has said, and I actually ordered one of my own even after the freebies.3) The staff was extremely nice, and our server a sweetie (believe his name was Andrew?)In closing, if you don't mind a long wait it's totally worth a try, but I won't be rushing back any time soon.
1	Having just moved here from Berkeley I have been trying to find some new places to make me feel at home. Although some of the other options at Tivoli village have been fine, this was just awful.  Lets start with the decor. It's like a freshly graduated design student thought "hmmm, you know what would go nicely with these exposed beams? really out of place tufted furniture." Sure I get it, you are being hip and mixing trends, fine.  If it had stopped there it might have been ok.  But the strange Asian infusion they try to impart by using what would appear to be a terrifying array of crappy yard sale dishes from grandmas around the Vegas area? Or the completely out of place rock music that was far too loud? No. No. Just no. Way too many things going on at once.The food: while this could have been the saving grace of the place it was just an utter disappointment. Everything tasted like it could have been straight out of a freezer bag with a seasoning of soy sauce. Note: meatballs are hard to get wrong, but these were some of the worst I have encountered. Texturally, everything was just a bland mush.  There was no differentiation between any favors. It was unpleasant. The drinks were fine, the naked lunch overly sweet. Also, putting 2 people in a booth meant for 6? That is weird. I don't want to talk sideways at my date, I want to see their face.  I felt more like we should be judging something in front of us instead of eating dinner.Given the prices I expected more, I did not expect to need to come up with an excuse to leave so we could go have a proper meal somewhere else.
4	My family and I went here for dinner.  Great ambience, pretty good service and the food? Well...We got the Pupu Platter: Sweet Pea Soup, Tuna, Watermelon Salad, Meatballs and Fish Fritters.  The soup had a strong hint of ginger to it.  The tuna was nice and fresh. The salad was very refreshing and it had goat cheese on top.  The meatballs were tender.  The fritters were not fishy.  It was a perfect sampler for a group of 4.We ordered a Poppy Burger with extra Poppy Fries, Kimchi Fried Rice, Crispy Pork Belly, Charred Bok Choy and Roasted Duck Breast.  My favorites were the burger, fries, fried rice and pork belly.   The burger was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  The fries were crisp and came with a yummy cheese sauce.  The fried rice was not kimchi overload.  Pork belly was crispy on the outside, soft and moist on the inside.  We also got the Quinoa Fried Rice.  Honestly, it was too sweet for me.  It was my least favorite item that we got.  The duck was also on the sweet side.For dessert, we got Chips and Ice Cream.  The chips were homemade but they weren't crisp.  There were 2 ice cream flavors: caramel/toffee and lemon poppy.  Both were good.  It was a great dessert for the texture and sweet and savory elements.  We also got the Chocolate Cake with Vanilla Toffee.  The cake was nice and hot.  It was moist and delicious and was paired nicely with the vanilla toffee ice cream and popcorn on the side.Overall, it was a pleasant experience.  I just won't order the quinoa and the duck together next time.
5	Yum Yum Yum Yum YUM! Not only were all the dishes Dee-licious, the service was impeccable, the decor was beautiful and relaxing, transporting me away to a lovely European getaway. By fate, my first visit to Poppy Den was greeted by the chef himself, Angelo Sosa who was in town to start his Summer menu. His cooking is a marriage between European and Asian, which he's mastered by his extensive travels throughout Asia. (Loved the food so much, I bought his Recipe book so I can attempt to recreate these dishes.)Although the menu is seasonal, I hope you will have the opportunity to taste them before they change!Tuna deviled eggs:: fresh tuna chopped up and mixed with crumbled hard boiled eggs, with a mystery thousand island-mayo'ish delicious dressing. Licked the plate clean!Market Salad with Soy truffle dressing:: fresh mixed greens with a ponzu-citrusy dressing. So refreshing and a fine diversity of flavors.Shishito Peppers:: such a simple appetizer. Typically, one in 10 peppers are spicy. In this case, they were all fresh and spicy, and crisped just right!Striped Bass with Edamame puree:: Fried bass served on a beautiful platter with chopped edamame & carmelized onions; Once again, such a rare but perfect combination.Roasted Duck breast with Poppy Honey::  the Duck was cooked perfectly medium rare. I was skeptical as I'm not into sweet foods, however the honey and sweetness worked just right for this Duck entree.Poppy Den is an absolute must-eat on your next trip to Vegas! 20 minute drive off the strip in Summerland. YUM.
4	We 3 "ladies" went for happy hourLovely $5. selection of appetizers..We ordered all of themChicken wings, meat ball, watermelon squares...tasty and attractive,,,,,,Green tomatoes and balsamic were wonderful on the "caprese"Wine menu reasonable, but we would have liked some "happy hour "pricesCullen, our waiter, knowledgeable, professional and friendlyStaff very personable, as was Chef Angelo, and were there to help us at all timesA delightful experience
2	So after hearing all the hype, my friend and I went and checked out this place for dinner.  At the end, I don't believe it was worth it, especially at the prices they charged.I had the Silk Road to drink to start off with, and was rather disappointed in it.  It was served in a tiny tea cup that was filled with ice, so the drink got watered down very quickly.  Also, the tequila was so overpowering that I could barely taste the jasmine or lemon, and there was absolutely no bite from the chili pepper, which was the main reason I ordered the drink as I like spicy things.Food wise, I had the Tuna steak which was recommended by the waiter as well as the kimchee fried rice.  The tuna steak was cooked perfectly, but that is about all the positive that I can say about the dish.  It was served covered in a roasted red pepper/basil/ginger/EVOO "salsa" and the red peppers and basil just completely overwhelmed what little flavor the tuna had.  Couldn't even taste any ginger in the dish whatsoever.  Also, the texture on parts of the tuna were off, and so was the flavor.  I described it at one point as tasting as if I was eating semi-firm tofu, as it actually had the flavor along with the texture.  My friend who was dining with me firmly agreed with my assessment as well, so it wasn't just me.  The kimchee fried rice was very meh, and I was disappointed again that there was no kick to it.  There was a very strong flavor of dried shrimp in their, which kind of surprised me but not a lot as I know that it can be used in the making of kimchee.  Overall though, I've had much better kimchee fried rice, but it was much better once I added some more soy sauce and sriracha to it to actually give it some oomph.I will not bother coming back here to try other things unless someone else is paying.
5	This restaurant gets 5 stars for having "unique flavors".  Everything is not perfect, but the effort is there and you have to respect their creativity (artistry?).  Eddie is an awesome server. Sake sangria is good. Watermelon salad is unique and refreshing. The oil is a fantastic touch. Tuna deviled eggs...where have you been all my life. Kim cheese fries are awesome. Can't get em anywhere else. Fortune cookie dessert. Cool idea. Steak and eggs is just ok. Eggs Benedict with polenta, instead of English muffin is very good. The brunch fried rice is just ok. Hold out for the quinoa fried rice.  Quinoa pancakes were very good.
4	Finally made it in!  Service was great here, fast and friendly.  I was unsure of the beer choice I wanted to make, so they brought over a sample to try before buying the bottle!  Cool!Food was good overall...some greats, some mehs...I'll go from "meh" to greats!Quinoa Fried Rice with Sun Dried Pineapple :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poppy-den-by-angelo-sosa-las-vegas?select=49-d742lh-t0hXIpvKNJQAIt was very sweet and a bit much for me truthfully.  I think I hyped myself up too much from all the rave reviews...this was just ok in my book.Pupu Platter with Jarred Tuna, Meatballs, Fish Fritters, Sweet Pea Soup and Watermelon Salad :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poppy-den-by-angelo-sosa-las-vegas?select=c4ad9vS7h1w1skrggJop8g#c4ad9vS7h1w1skrggJop8ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poppy-den-by-angelo-sosa-las-vegas?select=2gJbhlQm9w3f9Z308ifeHw#2gJbhlQm9w3f9Z308ifeHwEverything tasted good, and was a perfect app for the 4 of us.  Pea Soup had a lot of ginger flavor and tasted great!  The other items were not bad, just not noteworthy to me.Kimchi Fried Rice :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poppy-den-by-angelo-sosa-las-vegas?select=ywhWH_7nPaplvlrFtNxxHw#ywhWH_7nPaplvlrFtNxxHwThis was good!  It didn't taste quite as "Asian" compared to others I've tried, but good overall.Crispy Pork Belly :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poppy-den-by-angelo-sosa-las-vegas?select=lX8AuYTh0vlOJt3qU70JaA#lX8AuYTh0vlOJt3qU70JaAIt was good, not amazing, but good!  Crispy breading on the outside, but the inside was nice and juicy.  Chips and Ice Cream :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poppy-den-by-angelo-sosa-las-vegas?select=S8k5DaaK73v21gbs5v2hFQ#S8k5DaaK73v21gbs5v2hFQInteresting combination. I liked the lemon poppy flavor over the caramel/toffee, but both good!  Lemon was nice and zesty...lighter flavors than the heavier caramel/toffee.And the BEST for last!  The Poppy Burger and Poppy Fries with Kim Cheese Sauce :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poppy-den-by-angelo-sosa-las-vegas?select=YsYuCnWEEZjtWeC7YJRy9g#YsYuCnWEEZjtWeC7YJRy9gThe burger was good...had lots of flavor, but the fries + dip perfect!  I really enjoyed the fries and dip here...and it would be the primary reason for my return!  Yummy :)So overall, the food hit a 3-3.5 star in my book...3 star for value (a little $$ vs taste IMO), but 5 stars for service.  Since the Poppy Fries and Kim Cheese Sauce was sooo good, I will round to the 4th star!
5	Felt like we were in an episode of Unique Eats. Very welcoming service with smiles and gracious attitude. Decor is upscale rustic with a chic vibe. Everything is served on quaint china that makes you feel more at home.2 words...Sake Sangria. Refreshing blend of sake, fruit juice & muddled fresh fruit that dangerously creeps up on you...I recommend you get the pitcher :)There were so many intriguing choices on the menu that we wanted to try. The Quinoa Fried Rice is definitely one you won't find anywhere else. The tofu was a bit odd as it seemed overly cooked and chewy but complimented the dish well. Not everyday you get a healthy version of fried rice. The Mac & Cheese (yes we opted for comfort food) was the best and had yuzu in it that added a nice lightness. The meatballs were delicate & tender in a flavorful sauce. The crispy pork dumplings were good in a thick sweet sauce. The poppy fries with kimchi cheese sauce were crispy with flecks of poppy and the cheese sauce was light & creamy.The servers were all very attentive and we also saw Chef Sosa floating around. The finale was a fortune cookie dessert stuffed with whipped cream infused with strawberry beer with a mango sorbet alongside fresh berries...compliments of the Chef.Poppy Den is a wonderful departure from functional eating that elevates you to a personal appreciation of the innovative fusion vision of Chef Sosa.
2	I read many mixed reviews before going here and it shows with what I saw at the restaurant. My wife and I made a reservation and had dinner on a Friday night.Food: The food is good and definitely different. We had several small plates all of which were good though they are really just appetizers. I recommend not ordering familiar things like the meatballs, but go for the more interesting fusion items like the tuna deviled eggs.Service:Here is the issue. Now don't get me wrong, the wait staff was great. They were very attentive and friendly, but the kitchen simply could not keep up with them. Half the restaurant was empty and there was a wait to get in even with a reservation because they could not clear tables. It took 50 minutes for us to get appetizers and after an hour we were told that they were out of one of the appetizers we ordered.Overall:Having read several reviews, it seems that service here is spotty, but this is a place to keep an eye on as the food is definitely worth trying.TL;DR - Wait staff was good, but the food took so long for so little that we wondered where to go to dinner afterwards, but this place has hope, keep an eye on it.
4	Good food and cocktails. I had the burger, my wife had eggs Benedict. we had two cocktails, they were good, but I forgot the names.
3	Ordered the burger after reading glowing reviews, something must have gone very wrong with mine...I ordered medium, it came out well done, the bun was hard around the edges and it had a terrible acrid smoke flavor that I couldn't identify the source of...all in all, one of the worst burgers I've ever had. The fries and kim cheese sauce were nothing special and had a thick skin when I received it. I wound up sending it all back to the kitchen and getting the tuna deviled eggs which were very tasty. Restaurant itself was very nice and the service was good. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and believe they just screwed up the burger so I'd give them another shot if I was a local.
5	One of the best places for date night.  Tasty food, great drink choices, nice service.
5	I have to say the tomato soup is one of the best ever
4	The wife and I came here with some friends one night.  The description of it being an Asian gastropub really throws u for a loop.  I was really excited to eat at an Asian gastropub, but the menu didn't seem gastropub enough.  It did have some small and large plates, but didnt have that gastropub feel.  We had a good meal nonetheless.  Started with a few small plates. Sweet pea soup which is a cold soup.  Very smooth and creamy with a wonderful pea flavor.  It was poured table side.  Crispy pork dumplings which were like Gyoza.  The filling had a wonderful flavor and the sauce really complemented the dumpling. Amma's homemade tomato soup.  It was okay, a little sweet.  Not one of my favorites. Caesar salad with yuzu dressing.  Very good salad, the dressing was good and if I remember right I believe it had some fish pieces in it.  It was very good all together. Tuna deviled eggs were the best dish of the night.  Chopped tuna next to chopped eggs with an oil if I'm not mistaken.  Odd combination but it worked. Next we all had large plates. I had the shrimp and grits.  The grits were made with coconut milk.  It was great at first but as you continued to eat it it became really sweet. The shrimp were cooked perfectly though.  Roasted chicken, the chicken had a lot of flavor but the vegetables served with it were just okay.  You expect a little more, it was a boring plate. Crispy pork belly was awesome.  Pork belly was crispy and sauce was outstanding.  Miso salmon with shishito peppers was just so-so.  The salmon was cooked perfectly but the plate was just bland.  We also had the kimchi fried rice.  The fried rice needed a lot more flavor, very bland.  Almost like they didn't add any spices or salt. Overall the meal was good. Will be back to try some different items.
4	In the times I've been, I've attempted to try something different on the menu, but I always steer back to the same thing. The first time my friends and I shared the appetizer tower, it was nice because you got a little bit of everything to try. We then came back for Spring 2013 Restaurant Week, and were treated to even more tasty plates. I haven't been able to get the Watermelon Goat Cheese Salad out of my mind since, I just have a hard time ordering it when I'm there because, it's $9 and not very big, so I can't get full on watermelon and then drink, yea know what I mean? For my entree, I had the Monkfish. This was heaven, best monkfish I've had since Buddakan in NYC. And for dessert we had, the Vanilla Ice Cream served with homemade potato chips. This was really creative and delicious. Other menu items I've had, not a huge fan of the Seabass, thought is was a bit dry. My favorite, along with the rest of the crowd is the Pineapple Quinoa Fried Rice. Can't get enough. I like the cocktails here, only thing I wish they would bring back the boba they used in the China Cat Sunflower. They have a great patio, and I love the inside/outside bar.
2	My husband & I were driving around Summerlin on a Saturday night looking for a place to eat with no reservations. Honey Salt was a 1 hour wait (1st choice), Cheesecake factory which was just across the street had a line out the door, so we called Poppy Den and the hostess said there was no wait, so up the block to Tivoli Village we went. We were seated in their back patio while the sun was setting which was very romantic. The restaurant is beautiful and very modern. I love all the decor, including the bathrooms! So, looking over the menu, I wanted the pork belly which I read on Yelp was fantastic! When our server came over, I told him that's what I wanted. He was kind of a jokester, so when he told me that they were using a different cut of pork which isn't pork belly and it's kind of tough and dry, I thought he was joking. So I just laughed and was like "no, really, I want the pork belly". But apparently, he wasn't joking. I don't know why they insisted on serving this "roasted pork belly" with a different cut of meat rather than just removing it from the menu for the night. That was kind of strange and tells me a lot about this restaurant, in a negative light. Thank goodness the server warned me. I ended up going with the duck which was cooked medium rare I do believe, while my husband ordered the cheeseburger with the kim cheese fries, grilled bok choy, and kim chee fried rice. The duck was... alright. It was definitely on the sweet side, and cooked medium rare, it was not that amazing. I'm used to eat duck confit, and Chinese roast duck. Compared to those, I'd say this was sub-par. They were just kind of sweet, extra chewy, pieces of duck breast. The grilled bok choy was a nice side. Having eaten boy choy many different ways growing up, grilling them was pretty unique, but the price was crazy. At a chinese market, you can buy 1lb of bok choy for probably $2. That would come with 10-15 spears. Here, you get 2-3 spears (they are all slices in half) for $7. I think I'll just grill my own bok choy at home next time. The kim chee fried rice tasted like any other kim chee fried rice I've had, and it came in a much smaller portion than I'm used to. My husband's burger was weird. There was WAY too much cheese on it, with a strange sauce, and pickled cucumbers (like ban chan cucumbers) that he just didn't like. He didn't even eat more than 1/4th of it. He hated the kim cheese sauce (he said it tasted like cheese sauce mixed with Sriricha) but the fries were okay (it's pretty hard to mess up fries). Overall, I'd say we won't be back. This place is just an elegant place to eat poorly prepared and overpriced Asian cuisine.
4	There were some ups and down for my first visit to Poppy Den. When I list them out, the positive still outweighs the negatives and it does not hurt when you are dining in good company.Pros:The food was overall spectacular. The chicken wings are amazing. The Asian influences in all of the dishes is prevalent and robust. It is hard to pinpoint all of the exact components in every dish, because they blend so well together. We ordered close to ten dishes and almost all of them were a hit. Besides the wings, I had a affinity for the tomato and the chilled split pea soup. Both are complex and full bodied. Cons:Our table was flooded with food all at once. So the table was full. It could have been coursed out or slowed down. We also got there at the very end of happy hour. We were able to put in some orders, but found out that they scale down the order. The caprese salad was three slices of tomatoes and two butt ends of mozzarella. It was disappointing. The whole point of happy hour is to give the guest a deal to draw them in during the lull of the day.
5	Came here for happy hour's $5 select appetizers and champagne/champagne cocktails from 5-6:30pm. The hostess was very nice and asked how we heard about Poppy Den and once I said Yelp, she asked if I was an Elite. I would give an extra star just because she knew what yelp was. The only hiccup was that they couldn't ifnd a happy hour menu so we had to wait about 5 minutes to find one. I had the Bellini champagne cocktail, I originally thought the waiter only brought us champagne, but he explained that the peach flavoring is added in and they don't use a juice like a mimosa would look. It tasted fresh and crisp. The only downside is that I am a slow drinker and it warmed up in the patio area, so the cocktail became room temperature. The food was unique, I enjoyed the watermelon salad, caprese salad (another slice of tomato and mozzarella wouldn't hurt), and the chicken wings were scrumptious. The chicken wings had this delicous crust around the chicken meat and then was drizzled in a spicy and sweet asian sauce. If I was dining alone, I could have had the salads and the chicken and make an entire meal. The potstickers were fine, and the meatballs were mushy, nothing special. From the regular menu we had the tomato soup, it had a light sweetness to it once it hit your tongue, which then transcended into a light heat. I also got to try the crabcakes, yes they are small, but man are they packed with crab. Chef sosa made a good choice to go with quality over quantity here, and the pickled asian apple pear was a very nice light and refreshing touch to something that is usually so heavy. For dessert they were out of the fortune cookie with mango sorbet so we ended up getting the trio of sorbets. The sorbets were very tasty, but the waiter said that we had mango, strawberry, and pineapple ginger. I couldn't taste the ginger, and it tasted more like a pineapple coconut sorbet. The flavors were intense, but not sweet! The cookie bowl that it came in was a delite to munch through and acted as a great tool to move the sorbet into the mouth. Service was great, our waiter came to check on us quite often and didn't make a big deal that one party member was 90 minutes late. Our water glasses were always full, and came right away with a dessert menu and offered suggestions and was very knowledgable about the menu.
2	Mediocre, flavorless food. Burger King fries. Rude hostess. Slow service. And somebody walking in on me in the bathroom because the lock was faulty.This is all I remember of my visit to Poppy Den, because it just wasn't memorable at all. Such a shame, because it sounded like it had so much potential.
4	There were some dishes on the menu that were good and some were ok the drinks were great however with vodka and pomegranate. Kimchi fried was good although there is a similar dish at ichiza that is priced less and taste about the same. I expected the quality to bet better than that of ichiza. The salmon  i got had miso which tasted good, the only issue I have was the price.
4	Definitely get the quinoa fried rice.  It sounds strange with the pineapple but it actually tastes great!  We also got the pupu platter which was not so great.  It was a big tower with small sampling of some of their appetizers.  The deviled tuna was tasty but the watermelon salad, caprese salad, sweet pea soup and meatballs were not so great.  Not a lot of flavor.  Also, the fortune cookie dessert was disappointing.  The giant fortune cookie presentation was nice, but the stuff inside (whipped cream?) was tasteless.  If you want dessert, head over to Hops and Harvest.Service was fast and friendly.  Good wine list and some unique bottles.  And we had no problem bringing our infant daughter here.
4	Went here on the 4th of July and I suspect it was one of the quietest nights at this place...just the way I like it. Great decor and the use of mix-and-match china gives it a homey comfortable feeling without being kitsch. We had the mixed greens salad, orange chicken, miso salmon and kim chee fried rice. Everything was good, and the presentation wasn't pretentious like some restaurants can be. We topped it off with our waiters recommendation, the giant fortune cookie with mango sorbet and berries. So good. Our waiter Tony made some good suggestions, which we heeded. Next time I'll definitely be trying the poppy fries too.
5	First impressions are important. This place stands out from the start for the attention to detail in the design and decor and the friendly staff. It got better from there.Chef Angelo is very attentive and came through checking how everyone was doing and how the food was (which by the way was amazing). While we waited for our food, our two year old was a little stir crazy, so my wife took him out front to walk around. Angelo came out with a small bowl of fresh blueberries for our son. Few restaurant owners pay attention to see opportunities to serve their customers like that. Definitely coming back any time we are in Las Vegas.
5	Poppy Den is refreshingly different with a great variety of food and drinks.  The crispy pork dumplings, watermelon goat cheese salad, tuna deviled eggs and quinoa fried rice are wonderful.  Don't think you can go wrong with any dish.  The manager Yolanda is very friendly and went above and beyond to give us a great experience.  Finally something unique in Vegas!!
5	I came here for happy hour, then dinner.  I was very pleased with everything, overall, especially since I didn't like an item: Say what?  If you want to know more, you're gonna have to read more...I came in on a Tuesday night (dead night for most restaurants).  I was meeting someone a little later for dinner but wanted to see what Happy Hour was like.  First, Happy Hour is only available in the bar area (not sure about patio).  The happy hour menu is all 5 bucks, several apps, well drinks, & draft beer.  In keeping with an Asian theme, I had a pint of Asahi and the Pork Dumplings.  The dumplings were served like fried won ton triangles (with plenty of tasty pork filling) & sitting in a sweet/sour/spicy sauce. If I was rating on happy hour alone, this woulda been a 4 star review.  Dinner & extraordinary customer service got the coveted 5th star.For dinner, we ordered the Sweet Pea Soup, Caprese, and the Poppy Burger w/  Poppy Fries..- Sweet Pea Soup: Like Klingon revenge, it is served cold.  It is sweet & gingery.  Neither I nor my friend cared much for it.  More on how we got satisfaction at the end.- Caprese: Served with large heirloom tomatoes.  This dish was classically flavorful; big slices of tomato & mozzarella, chopped basil, & a great aged balsamic reduction.  I forgot to ask for ground pepper, but truthfully, it didn't need it.- Poppy Burger: A great burger with kimchi pickles, fired egg, & magic.  This was served with Poppy Fries (kimchi cheese fries).  The kimchi cheese sauce was so good; sweet, cheesy, spicy.  I will probably order this every time I come here.  WOWZERS!Finally, the service.  It was good service & friendly, but here is what amazed me.  As my friend ate a spoonful of the Sweet Pea Soup, she made a sour face to me to show her displeasure.  This was seen by our server, who was at another table, who immediately said, "I assume you didn't like the soup, I'll take that away for you."  Obviously, it was also removed from our bill.  Maybe she got lucky, maybe she was just good. Will I go back, YES!  I wish they were open late at night, but no matter, bring on the Quinoa Fried Rice!
2	This is a tough one to write.  As a heterosexual male, man crushes are hard to come by for me.   As an avid viewer of Top Chef and all Top Chef inspired shows (yes, even Just Desserts and even Life After Top Chef so help me God), no contestant ever hit that special combination of "oh he seems like a cool guy" and "I mean yeah, if I was gay or a woman, I'd totally!" the way Angelo did.   Needless to say, the possibility of running into this rare man crush species altogether combined with some of the outstanding reviews this place has received from Yelpers I trust wholeheartedly and I was excited.    Then I ate there.I met a friend at the bar and she had already started with an appetizer of meatballs (which conveniently were already devoured and all evidence removed).   She did tell me they were delicious, which raised my anticipation even further.   Ever since trying Comme Ca's excellent happy hour and their specialty drinks menu, my fear of specialty cocktails has subsided a bit and I figured who else to trust with my specialty cocktail needs than Angelo!  Started with the Sake Sangria.   It was good.  Really good.   Though I must say the best Sake Sangria I've had yet is still Bachi Burger, so in that sense it was a slight disappointment, but still worth ordering.   While waiting for some food I also ended up trying The Raven and the Poppy Sling.  I found them okay, but they didn't really hit the mark for me completely on either taste nor strength of alcohol.  Sort of regretted not just sticking with a whiskey and coke to be honest.   Back to square one on the specialty drink thing I guess.Still having high hopes for the food, we received the following:  Crispy Pork Dumplings, Chicken Wings, Quinoa Fried Rice with Pineapple, a side of fries and a side of Shishito peppers.   Sadly nothing really excited me.  The Pork Dumplings were fine, but didn't really stand out to me any more than ones I could get at TGI Fridays.  The wings were similar for me, in that they tasted okay, but they seriously just tasted like the Pizza Hut/Wingstreet Asian BBQ wings.   I'm going to go out on a limb and say that was not the desired result.  The quinoa fried rice is raved about on here and was probably the item I was most looking forward to, and yet I found it overly sweet and barely finished half of the plate.  All I can remember of the flavor was that yup, I tasted pineapple all right.  Shishito peppers offered nothing new, and the fries were par for the course as well.   I will say I did enjoy the kim chee dipping sauce quite a bit, especially the more I had of it.On the plus side, the service for the most part was exceptional.  The two bartenders worked their asses off making sure all the ladies were getting their free glasses of champagne during happy hour, and angelo himself stopped by to ask how everything was and true to character I lied and said everything was great.   It was already over by that point.  Now my man crush heart has only room for Gosling (I know the Gosling thing is tired, but I just cant shake this feeling)
3	Me and my boy went there (his idea) for happy hour and the place was pretty empty but we decided to stay we ordered a few drinks. Then we wanted to order some food so we got the wings which were amazing. Portions are small though 3 wings! Then ordered the meatballs but the waitress came by and said they ran out because they are very busy! We both looked at one another in awe there was hardly anyone in the restaurant so that was a turn off. It seems they run out of stuff quite frequently from previous reviews. So we were still hungry hopped over to kona and had a blast Would definitely not go out of my way for this place. Don't know If I  would even go back. I hate to get disappointed!
1	Not impressed thus far and I didn't even get to try their food....It's the 21st century...get with the program people...update your website, Open Table and Yelp.  I'm pretty sure it's not that difficult to change the time from 10 am to 11:30am.  We got there a little bit early but since we saw that they opened at 10 am we figured it would be ok to be early for our 11 am reservation. We ended up walking around until 11 because it didn't look open at "10:50 am."  We were excited when we heard the clock chime 11 times so we hurriedly walked over to Poppy Den. Some other lady was talking to what looked like the manager but long story short the story the manager gave me was that they are going through changes and have not had a chance to update anything. In any case I couldn't wait another 30 minutes...I was starving! We never get to go out without the baby and this was our chance so we left disappointed and me a bit angry. Will I give Poppy Den another chance? Perhaps, but their food better be amazing when I go. My husband told me there's nothing like a hungry woman scorned. Ain't that the truth?
2	We have been to Poppy Den several times and have had a great experience. However, on this visit Wednesday July 24th we were disappointed.  Our server was friendly and attentive. After receiving cocktails we selected the food items which were Crab Cakes, Meatballs, Shishito Peppers and French Fries. A few minutes later our server returned to advise us that the kitchen was out of 3 of the 4 items. Only the French Fries were available. It seems unusual that mid week at 5:30 PM 3 items were not available. My biggest complaint was that we were not informed upon ordering. It should be standard practice to brief the staff at the beginning of the shift as to specials and items that are not available. With many choices of dining in Tivoli Village we left after finishing our drinks.
2	I have been to this restaurant five times. The first was nice with good service. The second and third times were ok, yet service was poor, food was good. The fourth time the service was slow and the food was okay. The fifth time: One of the worst service spots I have ever been to with average food. It took 40 minutes to get water to our table after we asked for it repeatedly and nicely (while sitting outside in the heat, in a group of 6 people). It took over an an hour for us to get our cocktails! The food order started 40 minutes after we got there (when the water finally came). We ordered appetizers. They came in a timely fashion (20 minutes later) yet were just okay (the food quality is not what it used to be). We tried to order entrees (two of us ordered): the waiter took our orders, yet the entrees never came after 45 minutes as the order was never put in!! We chose to leave and go elsewhere in Tivoli village to have dessert... and skipped the entree. I will not likely be returning. Very disappointing where each time I have gone, the service is appallingly bad yet the food is not as good as it used to be.
1	Is it possible to give NO STARS?... I guess 1 will have to do.I went with a few people went to the Poppy Den after a long day of work for a charity event.  There were four people dining, when we walked in we saw that there were plenty of tables open however we were told it would take 5-10 minutes to seat us.  They then found out we were there for the charity and miraculously found us a table.  It took 20 minutes to get waters, although the busboy seemed to be the hardest worker in the entire establishment.  10 minutes later the 2 alcoholic beverages that were ordered finally came (by then it was much needed).  Our orders were finally taken, and 20 minutes later the appetizers arrived.  Mind you, it was just a salad (with wilted lettuce) and some deviled eggs with tuna.  After finishing the appetizers, and anxiously awaiting our entrees, a server brought us another tables food.  All of the waiters continued to tell us "The food is on the way", when it really was not.  When it finally arrived, 1 burger that was ordered MR came out well done.  At an hour and 45 minutes after we arrived, we had finally had enough (if it were not for the charity we would have left well before). When enjoying the redone burger at home, I realized what a shame because it was actually pretty tasty.
3	Tonight was our first time visiting Poppy Den. The good news? We'll be back. The food was tasty and the service was above average. For starters, we had the Watermelon and Goat Cheese salad and the General's Chicken Wings. The Watermelon Salad was unique and tasty. Definitely a must-get on future visits. The wings were good - nice and spicy but not like your typical wing. For dinner, my wife got the Pork Dumplings and Beef Lettuce cups from the Small Plates Menu. I got the Poppy Burger. The dumplings had a back-end heat that was surprising, but welcome. The lettuce cups were good, but I don't know that we'd get them again. The burger, though, was really good. I was in the mood for a good burger. The burger patty was cooked to a nice medium-rare. The egg was fried nicely. The pickles were yummy.We were toying with getting dessert, but in the only real service faux pas of the evening, our server went missing. But, it felt like every other restaurant employee stopped by to check on us and every one of them recommended the homemade fortune cookie. We weren't going to get dessert (they were expecting several large parties around the same time.) But they recommendations were just overwhelming so we ordered it and we were glad we did! It was amazing. Not too sweet and quite light. Again, another must get.Like I said, the service was above average but not awesome. Andrea, the manager stopped by several time to check on us. While our server did seem to forget about us for a little bit (we were his only inside table,) everyone else made up for it. All in all, we'll be back. But not in a hurry to do so.
3	Enjoyed happy hour on a Sunday afternoon (3-6pm) - $5 drafts, well and small plates. Don't come too hungry, small plates are exactly that-- small. Best dish i had was the tomato mozzarella salad and watermelon goat cheese salad. Also tried the wings and the dumplings - tasty.
1	Possibly the worst bar service I've ever received... My boyfriend and I came in here last night to grab a cocktail while we were waiting for a spot at the bar at brio to open up. The usual bartender Will wasn't here but we sat down anyways. 5 minutes later after watching the bartender hit on this poor girl he finally came over to us. He approached us as if we were a burden, an inconvenience to him. He put two cocktail menus in front of us and the happy hour specials. I asked him if they still had the champagne happy hour for girls he rolled his eyes shook his head, laughed and walked away. My boyfriend called out he wanted a Guinness. 13 minutes later (yes I timed it) my boyfriend was finished w his beer and I still wasn't able to order my cocktail. I told him to make me his favorite specialty cocktail that was on the happy hour list. He made me what's called a "naked lunch" 1oz of sake, aperol, vodka, line juice and coke. When I saw him pouring all the alcohol I turned to my boyfriend laughed and said "well I guess your getting lucky tonight!" The bartender looked at me and said, "this isn't all booze it's not that strong" handed me the cocktail and asked if we were going to eat we said no but thank you. His reply "well we have tables available, our dining room is gorgeous." That was my cue he really didn't want us sitting at his bar. We asked for the check and realized he didn't charge is the happy hour price for my cocktail, when I asked about this he laughed and walked away. I paid full price (not a huge deal but it's the principle of the matter) and we left. He yelled out after us that we had change. When I asked the hostess what his name was she didn't give us any info just asked if everything was ok. Hopefully I can return for dinner when will is bartending and ill be able to update this review to a better exp.
4	I very much enjoyed this place. Right away, I liked the atmosphere--kinda hipster, rustic. I'm very into home decor, so when a place is well-furnished with an eye for design, I'm always sure to take ample pictures (you can find them in the gallery).Free champagne for ladies for happy hour! I was stoked because I wanted to drink, but I wanted something light (not beer). The menu looked so interesting--so many eclectic combinations of unusual spices and ingredients. For example, a watermelon salad with goat cheese and candied wasabi?! We had to try it.We also ordered the tomato soup, recommended by our waiter, who had a great personality and delivered commendable service by the way. The soup WAS very good like he said, but much too sweet for tomato, which is the only thing I would change. We also ordered grilled cheese off the kids menu alongside the soup, which is one of my favorite comfort food pairings.As for the watermelon salad, it was one of the most flavorfully interesting dishes I've tried. The only critique I have for the dish is that the candied wasabi was much too candied--the wasabi had no bite and the flavor of it was faint and overshadowed by the sugar. Other than that, we were impressed with how they came up with this combination, mostly because we tried to imitate this dish at home and failed (how does one candy wasabi??). Overall, my boyfriend and I cannot wait to come back here to try more dishes. Maybe next time we'll get some of their specialty cocktails, since we were boring last time and just ordered beer and champagne.
2	Horrible Bartender at this place. Most people grab drinks before trying the menu, this guy behind the bar made me wanna skip the menu. Rude and unwelcoming were the first impressions. Angelo Sosa, get rid of this guy, your food deserves it. 2 stars for the food...zero for the bar.
2	This place is all hype.  Service is poor, 25 minutes to get cocktails. They give you 3 free pieces of bread, no butter or oil, and if you want anymore they charge you.  You must be kidding me, I already paid way to much for your meatballs now give me some bread to dip in the sauce. Our waitress was way to comfortable with her attitude and thought her sarcasm was ok.  There are way better places in this town that I don't leave feeling hungry and broke.  Just because you charge a lot doesn't mean your food tastes good.
5	I absolutely love every experience here. Incredible variety of wonderfully prepared dishes and fantastic, warm service in a pleasant yet chic atmosphere. The tomato soup is incredible and the tuna deviled eggs are fantastic. All of the fish dishes are so well prepared with such fresh seasonings and hearty yet delicate flavors. I am not a fan of saki or sangria, but the saki sangria is wonderfully created by skilled and beautiful bartenders- do it!
4	It's been a few months since I've been here last but both times I couldn't help but order the shrimp and grits - LOVE. I don't think I could pull myself away to try any other entree. I've also had the tomato soup- very unique with the curry cream. Love the decor as well. This is a must try!
5	They have the best mixture of asian fusion food! You can't go wrong with anything that you try! Love this place!!!
2	Stopped in for happy hour on a Wednesday night, the place was mostly empty and the staff was friendly, initially. Got our drinks and the bartender recommended the goat cheese and watermelon salad off of the happy hour menu so that's what we ordered. Unfortunately, after nearly an hour it still hadn't arrived and we had to go.  We would have liked to remind him, or anyone, about our order but he managed to stay at the far end of the bar and ignore us completely and all other employees seemed to have disappeared.  We even had to wave him down just to pay our tab even though there was no one else at the bar.  Really terrible bar service.  And where was the management?  The music was great and the atmosphere was comfy. The menu items sounded appealing but after this type of non-service we probably won't be back to try any of it.
4	stopped by for happy hour, not a bad choicegreat selection of tapas style platestried the watermelon salad and the meatballssalad was refreshing, nice on warm evening, meatballs were good, nothing spectacular though.staff pretty friendly, helpful, will have to come back for lunch or dinner
4	Summary: A great arrangement of mostly Asian influenced flavors that provides new takes on relatively familiar dishes. But what I also like about this place is allowing the texture of the food to stand out as much as the flavor. Here's what I mean:For example, I don't usually order edamame at restaurants because they all taste the same, but here, the edamame was mixed with turmeric oil, ginger and togarashi (Japanese pepper spice) making it the BEST EDAMAME I've ever had. The heirloom tomato salad with steak was PERFECT. I loved the use of thai basil. The balsamic vinegar was sweet without being overly acidic. The steak was so tender, we could cut it with the butter knife. The charred bok choy was simple, crisp and refreshing.The quinoa fried rice with sun-dried pineapple and baby(?) cilantro brought a classic fried rice concept with a new texture by using quinoa. I liked the tomato soup, the flavor came in three phases; first you taste sweetness, followed by the tomato acidity then a spicy kick after it passes the back of your tongue. I think there's chipotle in there providing the spicy aftertaste. But it was a little too sweet for me. We came here for Saturday lunch, the bartender was super friendly, enthusiastic and outgoing. He made great recommendations and even offered to see if the kitchen could make dinner items that aren't on the lunch menu. I eat a lot of Asian/Oriental style meals (Japanese, Thai, Korean) weekly and Poppy Den is really something special. It does stand out for the reasons I mentioned in the first paragraph. I visit Summerlin/LV 1-2 times a year and I think Poppy Den will be one of my regular places to eat and enjoy life.
5	Poppy Den saved our evening last night after a bad experience at a nearby restaurant and bar.  This was all thanks to our experience with the bartenders, Paul and another thin man with dark hair.   They both made us feel at home and even went out of their way to get us a small portion of the Generals chicken wings (my favorite)  that I wanted to order even after the kitchen closed.   Can't wait for their new nightclub to open at Tivoli with this level of service which is rumored to being opened by the Poppy Den clan sometime in October.
5	I came here with my boyfriend and his aunt/ cousin for dinner and was NOT disappointed. We had outdoor seating, which isn't bad because it's not freezing in Vegas at night like it would be in LA. The ambiance was nice since it had all these colorful-lighted trees in addition to the night light/ decor of the restaurant. Their chairs outside are pretty much like sofas or booth-chairs, so it was extremely comfy as well. The server was very nice (and honest when he forgot something we ordered). We ordered a few small plates and then some entrees. I had the Miso Salmon, and let me say that I am not a huge fan of seafood... but this was BOMB. It was probably the best salmon dish I have ever had in my life. I kept stuffing myself and finished the whole plate still raving about it the next day. My boyfriend got the Ribs and he really liked it as well, although I thought it was too sweet for me (but I don't usually like ribs, so I guess that's just my biased opinion). The small dishes are around $9-$11 and the Entrees range from $18-25+, but you really get what you pay for here! We were all very happy to have had the chance to try Poppy Den :) Perfect for a night out or date night!!!
5	This place is really awesome.  I went here for a work event with a group of people.  The wait staff was great and the food was very unique and everything was excellent.  The atmosphere is really great too.  They have some very cool rooms upstairs. The pork dumplings were some of the best I have had and we had a few crab dishes that were awesome too.
5	Great lunch!  The atmosphere is outstanding and the wait staff friendly and knowledgeable.  Every dish had its own unique flavor.   Pastrami sandwich like no other, delicious homemade chips and fantastic tiramisu as a complimentary birthday treat. I would definitely return.
4	Pros:Small plates great for sharing- and hip and beautiful atmosphere. We ate on the patio. It was not too crowded to get in around 7 on a Friday without reservations. The drinks were good just stuck to generic didn't go with their signature cocktails. We had the 2 quinoa dishes - they were both great. Watermelon salad also very good. The curry tofu was above average. Saw Angelo Sosa - I had no idea who he was but other people at table did and were excited.Cons: Lots of service- in the kind of above and beyond interject into your night kind of way- still better than bad service and was fine with a group of friends but would have been annoying on a date.  The crab toast with mango- mustard  was Ok. The eggplant was not good at all. Overall: Will be back and would definitely take out of towners as it has that Vegasy feel but I don't think it will unseat other favorite restaurants.
4	Since Top Chef is one of my all time favorite shows I was excited that one of the cheftestants would be opening up a restaurant in vegas! I have been there two times now, once for happy hour and once for dinner. My friends and I tried all the appetizers on the happy hour menu, since they are all only $5. I would recommend all of them (the watermelon  and goat cheese salad, crispy pork dumpling, oyster mushrooms and peppered chicken), the only one I wouldn't order again was the curried dumplings. They give you a pretty good portion for $5 so definitely hit up the happy hour. Also, they had $5 wine and cocktails.When I went for dinner we ordered the crab toast with mango mustard and the pork belly tacos. Both of the entrees were very tasty. Our server recommended the crab toast and said it was one of this favorites, I liked it but I am not sure I would get it again -  I can't put my finger on why, but it just wasn't my favorite. The pork belly tacos on the other hand were awesome. The taco shell is actually the sweet, white, asian bread that you can get at dim sum and then inside is the pork belly. I thought there was a little too much bread for how much pork belly, but overall the favors were delicious. Then for desert we got the watermelon and goat cheese salad (my fav).I can't wait to go back and try some more!
4	FULL DISCLOSURE: I took my boss here the first time I went because when he was a little kid he was chunky and we called him Poppy, so that's how I choose where I'm going to go eat. They have the Vinturi wine aerators that they bring to the table. If you are into wine you know what that is, if you aren't, I'm boring you.. The menu changes quite a bit. I was sad about the pork belly being removed, but was happy to see that horrid little "citrus fish Caesar" be gone. All in all, I am usually 97% pleased with everything I've ordered here. The kitschy decor and mix matched plates are fun, bring friends so you can argue over which one you can have.
5	We went to Tivoli in Summerlin for dinner Friday night. Brio was a 50 minute wait. Echo and Rig was 30 minutes. So we walked into "Poppy Den", and were seated right away. We knew nothing of Poppy Den. Wow, what a great experience and meal! The owner and Main Chef Angelo Sosa visited our table and explained the entrees we had ordered. The Duck was amazing, as was the Pepper Steak. The deserts all looked so good, we just ordered the full tray that had a sample of each one. So glad those other fine restaurants were too busy. We now have an additional favorite spot.
5	Poppy Den is located in Tivoli Village next door to a hair salon and Cantina Laredo.  Super easy if you chose to valet (but underground parking is great too!)I saw on Twitter the night before that Poppy Den had a certain menu item that I went gaga over- pork belly fried rice. Now, I usually don't like to grub on swine, but there is just something about crispy pork belly that always perks my interest.So after hearing about this dish, my husband and I headed over to Poppy Den on Thursday as we couldn't get the idea of it out of our heads!Got a beautiful booth around 7pm.  Such a comfortable atmosphere and gorgeous interior!Started off with the Pumpkin Woodchuck Cider.  Whaaaattt?! Yes and it was delicious!My husband and I decided to order two appetizers for dinner and share:1. Crispy Crab Dumplings w/ tomato jam-delicious! Great crab flavor and the tomato jam had a lil kick to it (not acidic at all!)2. Pork Belly Fried Rice w/ Kimchi-ummm holy shit! Interesting & amazing flavors (I can't even explain cause I have no idea what all the flavors are!).  Pork belly was perfectly crispy, the rice is a perfect 10: fluffy and not over cooked, great egg and veggies.  This also had a lil kick of spice.We loved this so much- we ordered another one to go so we had lunch the next day!!!We ended the night with the homemade fortune cookie w/ fresh berries, pineapple ginger sorbet and a strawberry whipped cream.  This was a refreshing and light way to end the night.While the entire menu had incredible choices and was super hard to choose, it would be hard to come back and not order that pork belly fried rice, although, their menu changes, so it might not be around for long!
5	After reading numerous mixed reviews and hearing countless accounts of Angelo Sosas Poppy Den located the very stylish Tivoli Village in Summerlin I decided to see what this place is all about. And hopefully set the record straight for all of you gastronomes with discriminating taste.     I have traveled extensively in Asia. I have also worked as a Sommelier for Chef Joel Robuchon at his premier restaurant. He has earned more Michelin stars than any other chef in the world...My standards and expectations are extremely high indeed.     If you crave bland, boring, outdated cuisine with no texture... Angelo Sosa is NOT the chef for you. Angelo has lived and worked extensively in Asia and this is glaringly evident in his cuisine. Each and every dish exemplified this point to me. A careful selection of only the freshest ingredients with bright flavor, fragrance, and texture that seamlessly coalesce into a delicious and truly orgasmic gastronomic experience of seamless perfection. Each dish I savored had the sharp precision, form, and balance of a Japanese Katana!!!     My goal of dining there last night was to see if Angelo Sosa is all that, or just another celebrity chef blessed by television reality show exposure. I admit that I have worked with some of those Chefs while I was working in Los Angeles whose talents are in the words of Michael Broadbent "slightly under performing".With this in mind, I asked my waiter Matt (who I strongly recommend) to ask Angelo to cook whatever he wants to. I do not have any dietary restrictions.     The amuse bouche was the epitome of what am amuse should be. It is something bright and flavorful with vibrant acidity to open up your palate. You'd be amazed how many Michelin starred restaurants I have dined at that defy this very premise.Some of the dishes that I found very impressive include:Edamame with togarashiAsian white fish with herbs and olive oil that made me feel like I was back in Hanoi dining at the finest restaurant there.Persian cucumbers in asian spicePineapple fried riceDuck that was even better than the original Peking Duck restaurant in Beijing.Watermelon with greens and fish sauce( a wonderful sensation of sweet and salty flavors.And the grand finale.... A homemade fortune cookie with berries and same featuring five different textures.Angelo's cuisine is a Sommeliers dream as I could think of at least 10 wines that would match each dish perfectly.     I enjoyed the cozy yet hip ambiance at Poppy Den. The timing of the food and service was impeccable. Angelo Sosa is a culinary Genius!!! He was very warm and explained each dish. He spends time to visit all of his guests in the restaurant. His affordable cuisine is reasonably priced and is a wonderful gastronomic experience that you will treasure and soon wish to revisit. Poppy Den is my new favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. And Chef Angelo Sosa IS ALL THAT!!!
4	Very unique tapas type offering with what I call a gourmet Polynesian Asian fusion. Great great service and fantastic happy hour specials. Great sexy atmosphere with an after hours lounge and menu.
5	I applaud this place. Seriously, everything was perfect. We walked up to the restaurant and the hostess greeted us outside, opened the door and guided us to the bar. Once seated, the friendly bartender took our drink orders and gave us a food menu.Each dish that came to our table had a very specific and original taste profile. Quinoa with pineapple and crispy fried tofu was sweet and refreshing, the charred bok choy was perfect in its little pool of salty soy sauce, the ramen (my favorite!) had a deliciously smoky& rich broth with nice thin noodles. Dessert was amazing!! Miso coconut tiramisu had little crunchy chunks of butterscotch on top with creamy, light& delicious mousse underneath. The bartender, Derek, was super nice& accommodating to us. Even the other servers in the restaurant were friendly. Thanks poppy den! I'll be back soon :)
3	After going several times, all I can say is that I love the food, the decor, the ambiance, as well as the prices BUT MY GOD THE SERVICE SUCKED! I tell people that I bring there that we are going there for everything but the service and they can't help but to nod in agreement. It is just frustrating.*1 star for service (I only had one good server so far...can't remember her name but it is a brunette w/ tattoos! Very sweet and on top of it!)*5 stars for food, decor, and ambiance
4	Outstanding Asian inspired cuisine. The papaya salad had a tangy and tasty tamarind dressing. The wok fried quinoa was to die for! The fish chaca la vong was exceptional. Elyse who was our server and the bartender delivered the best service I have had in Vegas....personal, professional and her timing was spot on!
5	Best restaurant experience and food I have ever had in Las Vegas. I really liked Angelo on Top Chef and could not wait to try his food.I sampled 4 different dishes all with an Asian flare. I heard Angelo has changed his menu several times since opening but this menu should be here to stay.I ordered the watermelon salad, ramen soup, peppered chicken wings, pineapple fried rice, and Angel brought us out a taste of his tomato soup.The pineapple fried rice and chicken wings were sensational. The rice had amazing flavor and the sausage and pineapple complimented each other wonderfully. The chicken wings were finger licking good. I could not get enough, and usually when it comes to fried wings I can't handle much of them. The watermelon salad was good, but I would have preferred if a different garnish was used. The cilantro did not really go with the goat cheese or the caramelized wasabi. Only dish I did not like and actually sent back was the ramen soup. It had no flavor and was very surprised after tasting everything else. My girlfriend and I had a very nice interaction with Chef Angelo. He introduced himself and then he brought out a taste of the tomato soup with curried whip cream. The tomato soup was the best I have ever had. I'm not a big fan of soup in general but I slurped it all up and would order it in the future. A little while later he brought us out some bacon froth he just made up in the kitchen. The experience was absolutely lovely and Chef Angelo is an incredible chef that has a great vision. I cannot wait to return to try other things on the menu.
5	We had an amazing time at Poppy Den. We started at the bar with Paul and never wanted to leave. He was so welcoming and charming. After asking us what we liked to drink, he made us custom martinis that were delicious. He was so nice and knowledgeable, not at all the snobbish bartender like at some places. We are looking forward to going back for more great service and delicious food.
5	My first visit to Poppy Den was last night, New Year's Eve! Can I just say, I'm glad I landed there!! Was A-Mazing!!!So, glad Angelo decide on Vegas for his beautiful restaurant! Tivolli to be exact since it's 5 minutes from my house!!Now, I will be sure to frequent his NYC location on my business trips!!Thanks Angelo! And Happy NEW YEAR!!!
5	Absolutely one of the best restaurant experiences my friends and I have ever had. We went for NYE and the service was phenomenal. We started in the lounge upstairs and asked the bartender to make a "fun" drink for the guys and a fun drink for us ladies. I wish I knew the bartenders name but he made a whiskey drink for the guys and "the ex girlfriend" for the girls. The bartender was so nice even though the bar was quite busy. Delicious drink!!! We kept drinking them all night. Then we went downstairs for dinner - our waiter was AMAZING. Great service, friendly, funny and just wanted us to have a great experience. Poppy Den wasn't too crowded which I appreciated because they definitely could've packed the place. At the end of the night before midnight, our waiter (I think he is the manager, actually) took all of our drinks upstairs for us and found a table. Even this surprised me because you don't always find that someone will go out of the way to help you. I shouldn't have been surprised though based on the service we'd already been experiencing! Our food was delicious - my husband even loved the spicy beet salad which shocked me. Angelo was also walking around and while we didn't interact with him, he had a very friendly face. I can't wait to come back here with friends for dinner or even just drinks. Such a wonderful experience and we loved ringing in the new year with the Poppy Den family!
5	New menu is awesome! Coconut crab on toast points were amazing! You guys impressed my date which is always a plus!
2	Saturday night.  Service was slooow and the food wasn't all that.  But I must say the chef came out and apologized worked to set things right.   We ended up having a good time but we'll not be back.  Asian tapas?  I'll just go to Chinatown .
5	I must admit I love this restaurant.  It is a prized dinner location for myself - with a beautiful and unique design stuck into the middle of Tivoli Village.  The menu has been modified a few times since my first time in, drawn up by head chef Sosa.  You can tell he has creativity in stock, and is willing to make this restaurant one of his own inside of the city of Las Vegas.I've had many of the menu items - from the brilliant duck, the risotto, and the kimchi fried rice.  Each was wonderful, and a welcome example of solid cooking.  The menu itself was also nicely designed, with unique cocktails and little quotes scrawled into the menu from famous writers (including many from the beats movement, like William S Burroughs).Overall, this is a great place to go with friends or a date if you're looking for a gorgeous and unique dining experience within the city.  Afterwards, there are plenty of wine bars and social spots to head to within the village.
5	My sister and I visited her daughter who recently moved to Las Vegas.  My niece raved about and couldn't wait for us to try this restaurant.  We were not disappointed.  From the friendly and personalized greeting when we entered, (the staff greeted my niece by name and remembered her from her previous visit) to the exemplary service we received throughout the meal, the entire experience was memorable.  The food was well-prepared, satisfied our taste buds and boasted unique flavors.  We were blown away by the personalized attention we received and it was clear that our satisfaction was paramount to the staff.  We can't wait to return to Poppy Den upon our next visit to Las Vegas.  We were told that the patio would be open when the weather warms up and we are looking forward to cocktails and appetizers al fresco at that time!
5	One of the best restaurants in Vegas hands down! Poppy Den is located in beautiful Tivoli Village - it's simple touch of elegance is very welcoming!We ordered Chili Edamame - AMAZING, Lemongrass Salmon - AMAZING, and Tuna - Again, AMAZING. Our server was very knowledgeable and helpful with drink and food recommendations (I forget his name but he is from New York)! The drink menu was less to be desired and our server wiped up some amazing drinks just for us - one of which was called electric lemonade - AMAZING!If you are looking to have a great dinner with friends or date-night, this is the place! The food, atmosphere, locations, drinks are fantastic!
3	Ok so we went on Valentine, 8pm reservation. We expected a little delay so seating at 8:20 was no surprise. We had a cocktails (elder flower martini tasty) chose to have the pre-set menu $40 3 courses and a glass of champagne.  Crazy busy but expected. What was not expected was that by 10:20 we had yet to receive dessert. Our server Justin was amazing! Super kind and checking in on everyone. Doing what he could to make it an evening for us. We decided to leave and not have dessert.  Management did poor planning, great options for the 3 courses but that plus also offering the entire menu seemed too much for back of the house to keep up with. Thanks to Justin's  amazing service and his busser we will be back.  Maybe for happy hour next time.
3	I had heard good things about Poppy Den, so I was looking forward to giving it a try (especially since I heard the chef/owner was from Hawaii). But I'd rate the food 3.5 stars. Yelp doesn't allow fractions, so I rounded down. We ordered the calamari, watermelon & goat cheese salad, oyster mushrooms, pork belly fried rice and the Poppy Den burger. All of the items weren't bad, but nothing was really memorable either. The prices aren't cheap so if I'm spending $65 on dinner (before gratuity), there are other places I enjoy a lot more.Service was good. We were there on a weeknight and the restaurant was about 75% full on the inside (it's a pretty small space). We had made a reservation so we didn't have to wait for a table.All in all, the meal was okay but I'm sorry to say I wouldn't go back.
5	The food is outstanding, period. Every dish my group ordered was incredible, very flavorful with a little kick to finish off every bite. The edamame, the short rib and the burger were all 5 star. I love the ambiance, the hip but not snooty attitude.  Chef Sosa is so personable and genuinely cares about the diner experience. He made table rounds numerous times while we ate. I hope he does well, he deserves it, and the staff were all super gracious. Our waitress was the best I've had in a very long time
4	Great ambiance and Drinks were good. Menu looks yummy but didn't get to eat hense the 4 stars.... Service was good! Next time we'll try eating!!
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Location can be a bit far from home. Interior lighting was too bright.LIKE  The outdoor seating. The drink specials. The watermelon & goat cheese salad. The Chaca Vong. The Peking duck. The quinoa with candied cashews.LOVE  The fusion concept. Chef Angelo Sosa. Our highly enthusiastic server/bartender Paul. The tiramisu.
3	I don't understand how this place gets a 4 to 5 star. I was really not impressed and probably won't be back. Went to the Rock N Roll Wine on Thursdays night and decided to go a bit early to have dinner with my husband. He ordered the Lo Mein which had good flavors, but the noodles were over cooked. I had the Chicken Curry and it again had good flavors, but the curry was so hot for some people it would have been inedible...and I like spicy! Later in the evening we were networking with some people during the Rock N Roll wine and they ordered several appetizers and were also not impressed. All around it seemed everyone complained. I had a sweet tooth and wanted to try a dessert, but honestly NOTHING sounded good or appetizing. So instead we went next door to the Mexican restaurant and had an amazing dessert. I think the overall experience was mediocre and probably won't remember it. It just seemed everything was off a little nothing was on point. Would not recommend spend your money elsewhere.
5	Randomly found this place and I'm so glad I did! We sat at the bar for happy hour and the bartender was very friendly. He made us delicious specialty drinks and we ordered the black pepper chicken wings and pork belly fried rice and pot stickers. Everything tasted great especially the chicken and the pork belly. Yum! The service was amazing, we had great conversations with our bartender and will definitely be back for a second time! Also... The bar table top is gorgeous.
3	came here on a monday afternoon during happy hour we were 1 of 4 tablesfood & drinks were greatbut service was probably the worse i ever experiencedtook about 15, 20 minutes for someone to even come over and great us, no one checked on us through out our meal even though we were missing a dish and then when we asked for our check twice and still hadn't received after about 25 minutes as we're watching our server goof off we decided to just guess what the total would be and left it on the table and walked out shaking our headswill i be back? eh probably not rather try out the other restaurants in trivoli village
5	I'm in love with this place.Decided to hit up this place with Alma C. before the Yelp Elite Event. Ha. We were hungry. Defo hungry. Ordered the following items:Peking duck with scallion pancake - MUST ORDER! Ok the duck already has taste to it so DO NOT dip it in to the sauce, it gets a weird taste. Eat the duck and the scallion pancakes by itself.Curry crab dumplings - interesting, but not memorable. I can't even remember the taste of it.Pepper glazed chicken wings - just the right amount of glazness! Three pieces of chicken. Good amount.Ramen - ok, this was a bad idea. It was too salty.I'm definitely in love with this place. Especially our cook came out to check up if we're enjoying the food. Good service. I would love to marry the cook (Alexa).
4	Love this place!  The friend I went with recommended the peking duck, and I just love duck.  It was cooked to perfection!  Super crispy and also tender.  The scallion pancakes were good too.  A little salty, but that might be because of the sauce I was dipping it in.I was a little disappointed that they were out of Riesling by the glass (and it took 15 minutes to tell me so).  The salmon was delicious!  It came with this spinach that really was to die for.  Spinach?  To die for?  Yes.Disappointed they don't have brown rice, and a tiny tiny bowl of white rice was $3.50.  I must just be used to actual Asian places that give you a trough of white rice for free.  No big deal though, I know it's "fusion."Over all, I will likely be back for the duck!
3	The food was okay. Wasn't the best. Service and staff is great though. Kimchi Fried Rice was mushy, but flavorful. Generals Chicken was way to big. Korean BBQ had to much fat.
1	The place is done very nice , the staff is great BUT the food is horrible :(For 2 people we paid $ 150 ,we came home and we ate again . Portions were small and nothing tasted good,I really wanted to like this place but unfortunately I will never go back there
2	I have to admit i tried this place out of curiosity. The menu is a bit pricey, but i thought it was pretty reasonable enough, i spent $200 for 3 people and a baby, we each had an entree and one dessert and we were quite full. The servings do look small but they were filling. I tried the watermelon salad with goat choose, that was quite interesting, it wasn't bad, but nothing i would want again. We had their pork belly rice bowl, which i thought was too flavorful, not great but not bad as well, the potstickers, which were different, they were more on the sweet side,again too flavorful i think, i like the fries though- coz of the dipping sauce. The fortune cookie dessert was amusing and it was good, not too sweet, but not amazing. I guess being asian, i'm kind of hard to impress when it comes to my food. My overall opinion of this place is that it has not quite gotten the right balance of "asian" with american, the taste could definitely be better! The restaurant is beautiful though and the presentations really nice... just need to work on the flavor a bit more so that it can truly capture the real essence of asian.
5	Amazing food, great service! We had duck, won tons, calamari, bok choy, noodles, all these dishes were so yummy! And also the fortune cookie dessert! I highly recommend this restaurant, and the shopping mall it's in is very nice!
5	Although I don't eat seafood my husband and I decided to walk in without any reservations on Valentine's day (we like living on the edge!) Anyway we were seated right away in a cozy booth and our wonderful dining experience began. My wine was served in a cute little wooden box! We placed or order and before we knew it our food was out. The watermelon goat cheese salad was delicious. I had a coconut infused tomatoe basil soup that was to die for. Definitely going back to Poppy Den
4	Review for Upstairs Banquet Area Only:This review was regarding my experience in the upstairs portion of Poppy Den to which I attended a wedding reception.The 2 ways to get to the second floor is by taking a boring set of stairs and the other way is the sweet Elevator ride that is decked out with wicked wallpaper of famous woman entertainers and a spin the wheel telephone to call the operator. Big props to whoever design the elevator.So the layout is great, divided into 3 sections you have the outside seating area with couches and table tops. Great views at night with the neon trees. The second section is the indoor seating area with a small dance floor to get your boogie on. And the third and final section is the bar and lounge areas located near the top of the stairs and elevator.The food that was served was a few different sliders, assorted tacos and a few other tapas that elude me. Even though I only ate a slider and a couple of tacos I will say they were all very good. My favorite being the seafood indian curry taco!!!The service and flexibility of the staff was to be commended. Not once did the food quality or drinks being served ever come into question. All party members were all extremely happy with nothing ever being too much. The bartenders were a hoot!!! Very social and a credit the management.The one thing That prevents me from handing out a 5 stars was the furniture. Yes I understand the vintage look they are going for but to have the lounges and couches propped on bricks was a little scary. Overall Service: 5-5Price: from what I heard, very decentFood Quality: 4-5Drink Quality: 4-5Cleanliness: 5-5Back Again: I would consider it for any function. And yup id be back
1	We were sooo anticipating going here, given its star ownership and media exposure.  We arrived on a Friday nite 11 pm.   The chalkboard welcome sign as we entered stated "Happy Hour all day" and the 3 bartenders were quite vocally welcoming as we made our way to the outdoor area. Though it was quite surprisingly slow for a weekend nite, it still took 10 minutes to be approached for our drink orders.  After further waiting for 1 drinks menu for the 3 in my party, the 3 of us ordered the same drink, which took way  too long considering the number of bodies behind the bar and not in the restaurant at that time.   Though we were told the kitchen was closed by both the bartenders and the server, we did see food delivered to a couple at the bar.  On top of all this, the drinks didn't please either of us.  I am disappointed with my experience there.
5	Holy hell! The fresh-  ground  burgers are fantastic, including the homemade bun. The generous side of fries that accompanied the burger had a nice spice topping , with a side of house sauce( the sauce could be slightly thicker though). The  Peking duck with the homemade  wrap is a great choice for a sharing appetizer. Be sure and order the bloody mary... Inspiring secret recipe .. Our very pretty and friendly waitress serving our lunch  today said making it is an art and science project (i added the art part because its true) ..so the bottomless  bloody for brunch would be a fun late morning/early afternoon weekend event  for a small group, an outing with your parents, even a brunch-of-shame date! Loved this place! All 4 of us did. Clearly this place is in it for the long-haul.
1	The food wasn't bad, but them not having wings or potstickers available because they were meant for a party was just bs, and the stir fry bowl I had with sirloin steak should be called the vegetable bowl with a dash of steak!!!! Four pieces of meat FOUR now im going to order dessert hopefully they have!!!!!! Well never mind on dessert the staff just argued with each other about a table definitely uncalled for in front of us
1	My husband and I went to Poppy Den for drinks and a couple of appetizers since we arrived early for our reservation at Echo & Rig on a Saturday night, where the bar was full. We left E&R and went for a walk and came upon Poppy Den and saw that the bar was only 1/3 full, so we went in and sat down at at a bar table. The hostess was nice enough, but seemed very flustered and tried to find us menus. We had been seated for about 5 minutes, when we were greeted by a waiter who took our wine order. Another 10 minutes later, the hostess came by with menus. We told the waiter we had about 45 minutes to eat a couple of apps and have drinks, which he told us wouldn't be a problem, so we placed our order right away - a glass of chardonnay, a glass of pinot noir, sparkling water and 2 appetizers. 30 minutes later, we still hadn't received our drinks, much less our appetizers. To add insult to injury, several other patrons had been seated at the bar and at bar tables AFTER us and had received their drinks and food. I made a hand gesture to my husband that we needed to leave, which a manager at the bar happened to see, and he came over to ask us what the problem was. We told him that we had been waiting for 30 minutes for drinks and apps. He got us our drinks right away, which were okay - the chardonnay wasn't cold enough and the pinot noir tasted soapy, probably b/c the glass had soap residue. Our food came out shortly afterward. One app was over cooked and the other was under cooked. I really wanted to like this place b/c the menu looked good and the atmosphere was fun, however, the service was terrible, staff/management were clueless and the hostess was triple++ seating waiters so they were slammed. Plus the food prep/presentation was terrible. My husband and I are both in the hospitality industry and like to support local businesses, unfortunately, this will not be one of them.
2	What were they thinking??? The menu has changed, mainly to an asian flavor. It is so disappointing.. we picked 6 items off the menu for entrees and all were so so or ok, nothing was worth writing home about. The best part was dessert (7th item) with a lovely fortune cookie and cream dessert. For what it delivers, this restaurant is way too expensive. The service was decent, yet the food was, for the most part, just BLAH!
4	Love this place!! The watermelon salad with candied wasabi is the best.  Love the brunch as well.  It is high energy and the chicken and waffles are one of the best I have tried so far.  Chef Sosa is usually always around checking in to see how you enjoy the food.  That is unusual here in Vegas!
4	I met some friends at Poppy Den for the Happy Hour recently.  People have been raving about this asian fusion restaurant inside Tivoli Village since it opened and I'd been dying to go.  Unfortunately, all I could manage was the Happy Hour so far.  But, boy, was it ever great!  The Happy Hour menu was well rounded and the few items I had were standouts in presentation and flavor.  The watermelon with spiced goat cheese salad was outstanding and the $2 Teriyaki Chicken Taco was alive with flavors and had a cilantro finish that was perfect.  I'm not much of an alcohol drinker so, I had a homemade peach sangria and was well worth the Happy Hour price of $5.  My friends had well drinks and stated they were very happy with them.  I only wish they had a better wine choice for Happy Hour.  One low quality Cabernet or a Chardonnay that was pretty lame.  The atmosphere sitting at the bar was delightful.  The outside temps at 5 pm were hovering around 100 degrees but, the doors and large windows were wide open.  I didn't feel any air conditioning on and the room was comfortable.  I don't know how they managed that but, they did.  The staff was incredibly friendly, the chef stopping at every table.  I hope to be doing a dinner there soon and can't wait!  My biggest complaint was the music was too loud and I had trouble having a conversation with friends sitting right next to me.  The bartender said she did not know how to turn it down.
4	When Poppy opened they offered free Champagne for the ladies. Nothing for men, who usually pick up the tab. Therefore I never patronized the place. Tonight, while shopping at Tivoli, we decided to check it out. The have a great Happy Hour all day and a special that Is one of my favorites. "Bottomless Mussels and a Beer for $15"The food was great and the Bartender was friendly. Will definitely be back.
1	Poppy Den is going downhill, fast. Don't waste your time..just go next door to Cantina Laredo or The View if you want a relaxing place to hang out.
4	This review is old, we were there and I cannot remember all that we ate. I can say that all that we had was on point. Service was exceptional. We had the chance to meet Mr Sosa and he shared with us a few menu items. It is nice to see an owner very involved in his Restaurant. I will most certainly eat here again and I recommend you try it if you have not done so. Many of our nights out are nights we call splurge nights, this was a good investment of our time and money.
3	Went to a Poppy Den on a Monday night. It was not busy at all! While waiting for our party to arrive my friend and i sat  at the bar. service was good , drink ( Happy Hour sangria) was a little too juicy and sweet . Once we were seated it took forever for our waiter to come over. Much to my dismay almost everything I wanted was "out" so I decided on the Watermelon Salad - delicious - and a tofu skewer- pretty good.  Took a long time for such simple food to come out! Friends meals were also good and especially for the price!!!! Total bill for 5 with drinks ( we didn't eat a lot) was $125.00 very very reasonable. I loved the atmosphere and loved the decor ( including the ladies room). I will definitely go back .... Hoping the service will be better so I can give it more stars!!!!
5	Aaron really knows how to make a fun evening for you,  trust his bartending prowess.   It helps that Diego really knows how to entertain his guests.  Sunday nights here are just perfect for unwinding.  Awesome environment and atmosphere.  Murderous happy hour.  Make it a ritual, like me :)
4	Poppy Den is one of the only restaurants we haven't tried in Tivoli.  Having lived most of my life in California, we were inundated with Asian Fusion in the 90's.  But we tried it the other night and we were pleasantly surprised.  The bar and dining room is attractive.  It was around 6:30 on a Friday evening and it was pretty empty, but I think they have a dining room upstairs.  Service was very good.  We ordered a few cocktails and tried a couple apps:Garlic Edamame - Tasty but undercooked.   I couldn't even get the beans out of some of them because the shell was still raw. Watermelon & Goat Cheese - I think this is one of their signature apps.   Not a fan.  Weird contrast in flavor and texture.  For our meals, we ordered their skewers and curry.  Skewers are good but portions are small.  We challenged the kitchen to make the curry extra spicy and it was exceptionally good.  Only complaint is the amount of protein.  The curry dishes were less than $10 but you really had to dig for the meat.  I would rather pay $15 and have more protein.  Good meal.  Enjoyed the experience.  Will be back.
1	Whatever this place used to be,It does not exist anymore. I made a reservation through Yelp for tonight and when I arrived the place was empty and they didn't have my reservation in their books. I chose this place because of the chef and reviews about the myriad of delicious dishes and in particular the Peking Duck. When I sat down, I was handed a 1 page menu with what appeared to be only a few bar food selections. NO Peking Duck. Also, no Chef Sosa. I asked the manager about it and he said they changed the menu. The staff was very nice about it, but the fact remains, what is up on their website in terms of a menu and in reviews is false advertising. Do NOT waste your time driving 20 minutes from the strip for this restaurant.
1	My friends & i wanted to try this place for happy hour. I tried going on the website, but there is no info about HH, menus, etc... I called on friday 7/25 during business hours. I called six times in 1 hour, hoping someone would answer the phone. I kept getting the answering machine. On my 6th call, I finally left a message... I knew nobody was going to call me back, and I was right!!!! I'm just gonna take this off my "bookmark" list on my yelp account. I haven't even tried this place & I am already getting bad service!!!!!
3	My girlfriend and I stopped by to have a happy hour snack Monday at 4pm and no other customers were present. I thought service and food would come quick but apparently staff was limited and the bar tender had to wait on me. They had just opened so I cut them some slack. We ordered the $15 mussels and chicken wings. They both were as expected except after having three servings of mussels still no bread. Service was good and the food came at an acceptable rate after getting started.  No real complaints except that the menu changed and the desert fortune cookie I was looking forward to was no longer available. Also they have a limited menu so you will need to be selective when ordering.  A few more customers came in around 5 pm so this time of huge week seems pretty good if you are looking for a quick meal.
1	I went to Tivoli Village on a Saturday afternoon with some friends.We were walking around,then decided to go to Poppy Den. The place was practically empty! It took 15 min just to be seated,there was no hostess to greet us. It seemed as if they didn't have enough staff on that shift. Service was horrible, the food, as if they bought it from Costco. The only thing that was good was the music. I will never go back.
5	Every time we come here the bartenders are so sweet and nice and make the best drinks.  The all you can eat mussels are amazing. This time Aaron is cheerfully getting us buzzed!!
3	I have no idea how this could be any more average. Not surprised that it closed.
