4	So the first thing that might run through your mind when you stumble across this place might be, "how good can an italian restaurant be that shares a parking lot with a BAP Imports Auto Parts?" But don't let this strange little strip mall make you drive on by.I first discovered Anzios when I was working in a corporate center near metro and was desperate for different lunch choices. My delight in discovering this little place was offset by the quick 5lbs that I put on after realizing my dream of eating lunch there 3 times a week.The prices are great, the staff is friendly, the food is fabulous, the portions are decent, and the atmosphere is relaxed. This isn't one of those pretentious places that you go to be seen, but if you want really good food, you have found the right place.Let me start by saying they have THE BEST garlic bread that I have had outside of little Italy in NYC. I'm not a huge fan of their Chicken Parm, but everything else is spot on. My favorite is their meal is their spaghetti dinner with tomato sauce and sauteed mushrooms. All dinners come with either homemade soup or a great salad and the bread that I mentioned above.If you want to watch the game sit in the room with the bar and you will be able to root on your team while munching down on some of the best pizza and wings in town.And if you want pure comfort food, order the Don Steak sandwhich. It's been a while since I've been to Philly, but this is an incredible version of the cities famous sandwhich (make sure to ask for sides of alfredo and red sauce) that is sure to please.The desert menu is limited, but if you have any room after stuffing yourself with an entree, might I suggest one of there hot fudge sudaes. It is served on a hot brownie, topped with all the great googly moogly stuff and is big enough to share with three friends!I love these little non-chain joints and anytime two people can have dinner, wine, and desert for around $40, it's a keeper.
5	Remember that scene in Lady and the Tramp with the spaghetti...don't lie. you remember. Anzios always reminds me of that scene. Small, quaint, the little checkered table cloths. Its adorable.They have great pizza. there is something special about the crust and thick cheese that they use and the mild yet tasty sauce. The salads are always perfectly chilled, perfect lettuce. The hotwings are making my mouth water thinking about them.The service has always been terrific. I have been going for years and have not had one single bad experience. They are prompt and friendly but not clingy to the table. and Its been awhile but 30 cent wing night was always something a little special.
5	My wife and I had our first date here almost eight years ago and ever since I try to eat here as much as possible.  While everything here is really good, I come for the pizza and wings.  The pizza is awesome and the wings are some of the best in town.  Be sure to get a basket of their garlic bread, which is with out a doubt the best I've ever had anywhere, ever.  Everything is reasonably priced and the staff is very friendly.  Definitely worth checking out if you enjoy good food.
2	Populated with lots and lots of old people = a bad sign. Sure enough, the sauces were very tomatoey and a touch sweet, sort of Chef Boy R Dee-like. There was little hint of garlic, and none of herbs. In sum, service was a bit slow, the dining rooms were nice and cozy, skip the iceberg salads, but do order the garlic bread.
4	Not a bad place. Small, quiet, good atmosphere. The food is reasonably priced and the pizza is better-than-average.My wife and I like to go here once in a blue moon because we used to live in the apartments right down the street from it. Plus there is a 2-for-1 coupon in the Entertainment book that makes it a great way to try it out.Service was pretty good too. Never had to ask for a refill.
2	Went with a friend for lunch on Sunday and it was alright. The place was decorated in a cute way and the wait staff was attentive. The fried zucchini was good. My friend liked her spaghetti with meat sauce and I enjoyed my ravioli. Skip the grainy garlic bread but substitute the tasty French bread instead! Spumoni was good. Basically a step below Olive Garden in both quality and price. Not bad but not great either. Decent.
5	This is another restaurant that is on my list of places that I was I had known about earlier in my life.  I've been going here for close to 15 years, and I can't recall ever having a bad meal there.  My most recent outing was for my birthday meal, the second year in a row Anzio's has won that honor.  My choice is usually a cheese or pepperoni pizza and hot wings.  (They have a great special w/ a large pizza and 30 wings that does the trick when you have more than two people).  This time we went with a cheese pizza, hot wings and also a side salad.   The wings were nice and crispy, had just the right amount of sauce to them, and temperature/temperature (actual/heat) were both great.  They also have a great mix of ranch they use for the dipping sauce.  The pizza was delicious, I'm not sure what the secret is, but if I didn't have a smidge of self-control, I could way over-eat here.  Fortunately, cooler heads prevailed and I got another bonus of Anzio's lunch the next day, as there was leftover pie!  This was the first time in awhile I've been there for lunch, and they seemed to have a good amount of lunch specials (pastas, sammies, personal pizzas) on the menu, and the place was pretty crowded.  As usual, our server had a bit of sass to her, but that is part of the charm to this place, and it never takes away from quality service and quality grub.  Definitely one of my favorites, I also have been known to call in orders for pick-up and the food still is great after the car ride.  five enthusiastic stars!
5	I was back at Anzio's recently with a large party (10+).  There was no problem accommodating us.  Service was quick and very efficient, my iced tea never got below 50% full (or 50% empty for those of you).  The pepperoni pizza and hot wings were again delicious.
3	I like the comparison to Lady & the Tramp that Nathan S. made in his review. This place totally reminds me of that scene too with the red & white checkered table cloths.The service at Anzio's is usually very good.The salads are very good.The bread is good.The pizza and the other dishes are just ok.The beer selection is lacking, no good micro-brews (get some Sierra Nevada, New Belgium beers or at least some Four Peaks, would ya?)And that's all I've got to say about that
4	Went there on a Saturday afternoon, this is a delightful neighborhood Italian place with friendly service, good if not great food and reasonable prices. I had the vegetable soup (homemade and delicious) along with chicken and brocolli rigatoni with a flavorful alfredo sauce and some of the best crusty garlic bread I've had in a while. Give them a try, you'll add them to your list like I did.
4	I have only had the pizza, wings, and salad here. I have eaten here about five times, maybe more. Each is wonderful! My favorite place for this kind of food! The pizza is great, just how I like it, soft, chewy crust, great sauce, perfect cheese! The antipasti salad is soooooooo good, the ranch makes it for me! The wings are really good! The service is always awesome, friendly, kind, etc.
5	Whenever I come back to the Phoenix area for a visit, Anzio's is always my first stop. Friends and family (shout out to Bryan B. !!!) know that if they want to see me within the first 6 hours of a visit, they should just head straight there and a order up a mess of pizza and wings.The Pizza: I have never ever had a pizza like this. As mentioned before, they put something in the crust to give it a sweet sort of tang that is addictive. The pies are always cooked perfectly, never soggy and never overly greasy. (It's pizza, so there's gonna be *some *grease) And it's so good the next day straight out of the fridge.The Wings: Again the keyword here is consistency. They are the same every time. Cooked up perfectly, just the right amount of sauce and some of the best ranch for dipping you can find. I wouldn't mind it if they offered something a little spicier than the "hot", but that's never kept me from erecting a massive bone sculpture in honor of my tiny vanquished foes. Also delicious the next day either straight from the fridge or reheated. (if you take some home, don't forget a side of ranch, the store bought stuff just doesn't do them justice!)The Filler: I love the wings and pizza here so much that I've always looked at the rest of the menu as being just filler. But every once in a while I'll sample someone else's goods to see what I'm missing out on. The salads are always simple but tasty, especially with the ranch dressing. They also have a steak sammich called ' The Don' that has officially made it into my Anzio's rotation. It's a steak sammie with peppers and onions and cheese (provolone?). They serve it with your choice of a creamy or marinara sauce. Do yourself a favor and get it creamy and you'll never look back.I've been coming here as long as I can remember and it's always been good. The service is always good, whether it's with a smile or a scowl.  It's been 5 days since my last visit and I'm already starting to get the shakes and dreaming of my next visit...
4	The antipasto is fuckin delicious. It's sorta overrun with a more mature crowd which typically makes me a tad uncomfortable as a pretty pierced/tattoed, swearing young lady. But the servers are almost always an absolute delight and the food definitely makes up for any weirdness with my fellow eaters. :)
5	I started going there in High school when a girl I dated worked there and have been going back ever since!  I took my current girlfriend of 3 years tehre on our first date and go try to stop in with the same group of buddies at least once a month.  The wings are AMAZING and the Pizza is probably the second best pizza I have ever had!  It is a quite and quint place and the staff is always nice.  it is a MUST if you live anywhere near here!
5	This place has been here forever and when you go it is obvious why...it rocks.  Great pizza and wings...so good, I haven't tried any of there actual entrees and I've been there close to 100 times...okay maybe 50.  And I'm always amazed how we can order a big salad, a sampler platter, wings and a couple of pizzas to feed about 10 of us and the bill is like $60...yes 10 of us!  There is a great area in the back for private parties that you wouldn't even know about unless someone told you or you got lucky enough to be invited to one.  Great for groups and families.
4	Not really a review, but definately worth a mention!  Monday night pasta special:Spaghetti dinner with your choice of one topping. Served with either homemade soup or salad and that knee-knocking garlic toast. All for $8.50.  Seriously?!! I have to take over half of it home, so it easily makes two meals and in this economy that is a bargain for some yummy Italian eats!!
4	Their food is GREAT! Actually, I love their gigantic antipasto salad. The small is enough for two. Their lunch specials are great deals as well.
5	Yum! I love the garlic bread and the pasta dishes. I haven't found many good Italian places in Phoenix - this one is great!
3	You know that off-the-beaten-path gem that you hardly even want to tell anyone about so you can hog all the food for yourself??  Anzio's ain't that place I'm sorry to say.I'm actually very surprised at the number of people with positive remarks about the garlic bread.  Now I ADORE a good piece of garlic bread, do not even go there.  But theirs is the greasy, fake tasting crap like you get in the frozen section at the grocery store!  The salads are basically non-descript piles of white iceberg lettuce with some mozzarella on top.  My buddy had lasagna which the sauce was a bit on the sweet side for my tastes, and I had a personal sausage pizza which I thought the dough had a good flavor.  A bit on the oily side, much more so than necessary.So, although we thought the food was nothing special I will give them props for the reasonable prices and friendly staff.
4	Nice local place. My husband eats to go from here at least once a week. Today we went there, together, for lunch. I had a yummy antipasta salad with the BEST house Italian dressing. The oil and vinegar, not the creamy. The salad was huge and we could have split it between the two of us, and that was the small.  Ben had the spaghetti, which was good, too. Server was super friendly and efficient. I am glad we have a close option for homemade food.
4	Dropped by here with a co-worker for lunch today.  She had been several times before and was dying to take me.She had the wings which she said are "always crispy and delicious."  I don't eat wings - but I will take her word for it!I had a grilled cheese on rye with fries (yes, at an Italian restaurant) and it was GREAT.  Crispy, wonderful warm fries and a grilled cheese toasted to perfection.Great lunch prices and the big lunch rush to match and indicate that the food IS tasty.Can't wait to go back and have some "real" Italian.
2	What happened to you??  :(
5	I am in LOVE with their lasagna!  I love the lasagna so much that I can't say that I've even ventured to try one of the other entrees.  I will say that the house salad leaves a little something to be desired but I don't care since my (favorite dish and it's price) make up for it.
2	If food were the only rating factors, I'd have given our Anzios experience an additional star (3).  I was disappointed ownership decided that smack-dab in the middle of the noon lunch hour (12:15) indoor construction (saws, nail guns, etc) on the booths was exceptable.  We were shocked!
5	pretty good. not bad. for being a picky eater. love it and will go back.
4	Great chicken wings & Italian sandwiches. Another place we have been going to for a long time now and never a bad meal. Great for luch or dinner, with or without the kiddos!
3	We came here for dinner tonight and I must say as long time Anzio's fans we were a little disappointed with our dinner. It started off great, our waitress even brought out some watermelon for our boys to eat while we were waiting on the food. The 1st thing they brought out was the pizza, which we ordered thin crust because we like it crunchy. Well, it wasn't at all, it was soft, greasy pizza. Then my boyfriends spaghetti came, the meat sauce was a little sweet & the meatballs had way to much bread filler & no flavor. Some things are better homemade I guess. I ordered some chicken wings which they brought out & gave to the wrong table so I had to wait for them to make more which wasn't that big of a deal because it gave me time to get everyone else situated. The garlic bread was stale & over buttered and it almost tasted like they used old butter. Really upsetting, hopefully just a fluke.....
5	I've been here twice now. We went for my birthday and the ravioli was amazing! the bread was good, the vegetable beef soup was good. Our waitress was amazing. Normally when a waiter or waitress comes to your table, they ask if everyone's doing okay, ours came asked how we were doing, my husband said we were okay, she made sure to turn to me and ask me as well, something I thought was really professional of her to do. I am absolutely going back!
2	My office is close to this restaurant now and I was craving for GREAT itialian food.  I have not been there for years but I remembered how yummy their food was.The young waitress was very friendly, courteous and I asked her should I get the pizza or one of the other lunch special specials? She did mention receiving a salad with the meal and suggested the pizza is the BEST!The WORST thing the waitress could do was not come back to me with a salad that I thought I was going to receive. One of her customers came in and she had a longgggg conversation and totally forgot me as a customer and still waiting for my salad. Waiting for about 15 minutes.... I stood up and told 2 other employees who were having a break at a table.  They attended to me with the salad and one of them explained that I really wasn't suppose to have had the salad with the pizza.  I explained that the young lady and I were talking about 2 different type of lunches and I thougt she said salad was complimenting both.  I then told the other employee IF the young lady came back to check back on me-IF I needed anything, she could have told me then I wasn't suppose to have received a salad, BUT there was "no" checking back on me at all!  I also was waiting for a refill on my drink and told them again I was waiting and I was going to the bathroom.  At this time I was totally disgusted. :(  Then when I walked out of the bathroom, the young lady was talking about how I wasnt suppose to have received the salad.  I interrupted her and said IF she would have only checked back with me, I would have been ok with her level of service.I haven't been back since and not sure IF I ever will.The OTHER employee did comp me as she said she WANTED me to come back and she was sorry.This is a mom and shop restaurant and I am shocked that with ALL the restaurants going out of business that this level of service exists.This wasnt a real recent visit but thought it should be mentioned.
5	The service is pretty hit or miss, but I still love this place! Anything from a plain old dinner salad, to a sandwich, to a home-made feel entre--- amazing! The prices are fair, and the food is great! It's hard for me to leave with out a dinner salad that comes out on a chilled plate, with grated carrots and cheese on top. Their ranch is the best! The pizza is bananas! So good! I love ordering too much, and then eating it again for lunch the next day. And you HAVE to try the cinnamon dessert. I could most likely just live on that alone for the rest of my life and die a very happy girl.
1	Seriously.?  4/5 stars.  Everything tasted as though from the frozen section of a grocery store.  Soup was canned soup.  Pizza was horrible.  The wings were good though.  Definitely not coming back.
3	Was around the Metro Center area and looking for some Italian food for dinner. Found this place on yelp. Reminds me of a small family joint. All the standards are covered. The wings were good, the pasta (broccoli & chicken with alfredo) was tasty. We did not order pizza, but plenty of folks around us did. Looked good. The service was good as well. I don't know that I would drive out to Metro Center just to eat here, but if I was in the area, it would definitely be on the list.
3	Took my parents for our first time . My dad and I ordered their combo plate which had lasagna , fettuccini Alfredo and chicken Parmesan . I enjoyed sampling all three. Definitely took home leftovers. Their medium chicken wings were super tasty and nicely crispy.  Their ice tea was so delicious. I think I got full on tea ;)..  Look forward to going again and trying something different
5	Went in early on saturday night,  the service was fast, pleasant and really good food. we will be going back to try the sandwiches and pizza.. We used a coupon from deal find, what a good value for us.
4	I was looking for great lasagna. A friend talked about his restaurant. The temp was perfect. The sauce was tasty but the noodles were softer than I would have liked. I could tell the dish had been created hours before I ordered it. Oh and the garlic bread was a perfect complement. I can't wait to try another dish.
5	We live down the street from the restaurant. It's one of our usual dinner joints. It is a Mom & Pop place, but food it great. I recommend the "THIN" crust pizza. We usually have the large antipasto salad with house dressing. It feeds 4 people! The garlic bread is the "BOMB". We use the private room, in the back, for all our special occasions, it's perfect!
3	I have given Anzios quite a few chances because it is close and the food is decent. The service is awful. After sitting in Carolyn's section tonight we will not be back. The tables around us were yelling across to one another laughing at how unbelievable it was. Last time I went there and was served the wrong entree.  If you want to eat there-- take-out.
5	We are just passing through and Anzio's happens to be right down from the hotel. Boy did we luck out!!! We didn't have one thing that wasn't mouth watering. I highly recommend the spaghetti, fettuccine, and wings. The garlic bread and side salad were delicious as well. We are going to try the pizza tomorrow before leaving town. I'm going to crave this place long after I get back home.
4	Went to lunch on a Sunday with some girlfriends, and they picked Anzios, found out that the place has been in business for 28 years, I love small local places!  And it looks like fellow Phoenicians love it too!   I ordered the fettuccine alfredo and added chicken to it, the creamy alfredo sauce has some great flavor, couldn't get enough of it, even used the garlic bread to mopped it up, oh soo yummy! The noodles cooked perfectly and the chicken tender and tasty! The garlic bread was perfectly toasted & soaked up sauce beautifully!  The side salad was crisp & fresh, a perfect little salad.Our server Gus made sure that we were taking care of, very friendly and helpful!  I love local places & great service!  I will be back!
5	This place is soooooooo good! It's a hidden gem :)Delicious bread.We dine her quite frequently.
3	This place was recommended by people I work with so I tried it recently for dinner.  The decor is really outdated and dark.  Probably hasn't had a remodel ever.  Cheap booths and furniture.  But the service was friendly,  the food plentiful and decent.  I'm a big wine person and they don't have any decent wine, but it's not really that type of place.  I had some Pinot Grigio and my husband had some beers.  We started off with a Caesar salad, it was really good and definitely big enough for 2 people.  I liked how they served it in a cold dish.  It comes with this delicious bread that is just doused in something I know is clogging my arteries, but I couldn't stay away.  My husband had the chicken parm and I ordered a small pizza.  He really liked his meal and took home the leftovers.  I enjoyed the pizza, not the best, but not bad.  My husband wasn't a fan of the pizza.  It's a bit Greek style, thicker crust and cheese.  But I liked it enough to eat the leftovers the next day.  This is the type of place that probably has a lot of regulars and devoted customers.  I probably won't go back, but I recommend to those in the area looking for a casual place to eat some decent Italian grub.
5	I love this joint. Amazing pizza. I live in Central Phoenix and my folks up in Sun City... I make sure to stop by to get a pizza to go.
4	Really good wings yummm so good!! such yummy ranch too. I ordered to go and the pizza was done in 25 mins!! I used a googleoffer and for some reason they made me pay for tax after even though the googleoffer was enough. The place was cute very Italian felt like a mom and pop place :)
4	LOVE this place!  It's a nice and friendly neighborhood restaurant/bistro type atmoshphere that we visit regularly.  They have an excellent menu and highly recommend the wings, pizza, gourmet pizzas, and all the big salads are excellent.  They have excellent appetizer selection, everything is affordably priced, service is excellent and very friendly.  They brought out a suprise dessert for a birthday and we didn't even ask - they just did it.  Definitely have our favorites on the menu and stick with them.
4	Had their pizza again recently and I liked it better than the first time.  This place is great when I'm in the mood for pizza with a bit of a thicker and crispier crust.  Their pasta dishes sound awesome too.
5	Whenever I have an opportunity to patronize a local mom-and-pop I always try to. Occasionally I am disappointed but a visit to Anzios was not one of those times. Their location is kind of tucked away next to a BAP north of Metro Center. They have been there since the mid 1980s. Their staff was friendly and the food was great. I had a chicken parmesan sandwich and chicken wings (yes I was very hungry). I wish I had taken a picture because the portions were large and the presentation was classic local flavor. If your looking for local flavor - this place has it in abundance. Another must try, is a side of breaded fries.Great meal for a fair price I will certainly stop in again on my next visit to Phoenix.
5	Amazing food!  Try the chicken parm.
2	I don't understand what all the hype is about. My husband and I had the pizza and wings. Pizza was like something you get at a buffet or school cafeteria, nothing to write home about. The wings we ordered as extra crispy which were just that extra crispy, not very flavorful. One nice thing I would like to say is the server was polite and attentive. This was our first and last time coming here.
4	If you drove past it, you would never think it'd be good but the pizza is the best in town. My husband and I drive 20 minutes just to go and eat there. Now I haven't eaten anything else there so can't judge the rest of the food except the pizza. Also the staff is super friendly and nice.
5	Went here for dinner while on vacation for spring training. Food was amazing, service was awesome, overall great experience. We shared an antipasto salad, were surprised by a delicious vegetable beef soup that came with dinner, and as entrees we had the cheese ravoli and spaghetti with meatballs. Really good food and service, we will be back when we visit for spring training next year!
5	I've been coming to this place since I was a little girl. You can't beat the lunch specials here!! The only thing they are missing is a patio and happy hour! Try the lasagna and the manicotti! This lasagna is seriously one of the best I've ever had!!! I don't know what it is about the simple garden salad here but it's amazing!! I also love the antipasti salad!! The garlic parmesan bread that they give out with the meals is mouthwatering and worth going in just for that alone!  The menu is pretty large so you have several options to feed your craving. The portions are great for sharing but also great for one person who's decently hungry. The building has a small bar that can seat about 7 but the dining area is split in two which is great if you want to have a large party. They have both booths and tables which are both very comfortable. You can always count on seeing off duty officers or local firefighters enjoying a meal here (always makes me feel safe).The staff here is always friendly and I always have a enjoyable visit.
1	Burnt garlic toast. Oh there's supposed to be garlic on that? Decent wings but half of the 1 pound plate was comprised of batter "nuggets". And the pie. Uncooked soggy dough crust. Extra napkins provided to soak up the grease on this half baked abomination. Service was abysmal too. Do you think that when 3 of 5 have left the place we might want the check and aren't going to stick around for dessert? Sorry I just cannot recommend this place to anyone.
4	I tried Anzio's recently for the first time and was fairly impressed. I ordered the baked rigatoni and I don't know if I can remember having a better dish of rigatoni. It was that good! The caesar salad was average, but all the other food I sampled from the people I was dining with was excellent. I still need to try their pizza though, which I hear is good but can not confirm that firsthand.One caveat was that the service was pretty bad. The waitress did not seem to care at all and it seems like the type of place that is impossible to get a refill at. I might try ordering a 'to go' order next time, because the food was amazing but the service really needs major improvement from what I saw. Aside from the service it was mostly a pleasant place to eat at, which was surprisingly because when we arrived it didn't appear to be that way from the outside. In any case I would mostly recommend Anzio's for their great Italian food!
4	Called in a to go order the other night and was fairly impressed. Ashley took my order and was very friendly. We ordered the combination platter (which includes chicken parm, lasagna and fetticini alfredo) as well as the manacotti entree. Both came with your choice of soup or salad and garlic bread. We selected a Caesar salad and some kind of beef and vegetable soup. We were told it would be ready in 20 minutes.Hubby went and picked up the food and described the inferior as a mom and pop kind of place. It was still piping hot when he returned home. Plus! The soup was hearty and flavorful, I highly recommend it. The manicotti was decent, a nice blend of ricotta and parmesan rolled into perfectly cooked noodles topped with their delicious marinara. The chicken parm was by far the beater. Very tender and breaded perfectly. Their lasagna was also quite tasty and I was suprised by the generous portion we recieved. The fetticini was tasty, their sauce tasted home made and had a nice flavor to it. The garlic bread was fresh, buttery and delicious. I would recommend ordering extra if you like to sop up your sauce as you eat. I'll definitely be going back to try their pizza and will update this review when I do!
4	Been here a handful of times over the course of many years. Went again recently and had a salad, fried zucchini and a pepperoni pizza. Everything was very good and the service was excellent. It's kind of an out of the way place, but it's definitely worth going to.
5	This place is so good I have never had bad food or service. The owner Kevin makes sure you leave happy. The pizza and wings are the best any were.
4	This is definitely one of my favorite finds from yelp!It's not fancy inside but very cozy. Sometimes seat yourself, sometimes there's a hostess.I love the pizzas(thin crust), wings, pasta, salads, and garlic bread.I've tried the buffalo chicken pizza, make your own pizza with spinach, mushroom, and chicken,  the pasta with chicken and broccoli, lasagna, chicken parm, fettuccine Alfredo, and the chicken Caesar salad. I have a hard time deciding which to choose each time and there's more I'm dying to try!If you're on this side of town, make sure you stop in!Ohhhh and the canolis!! Holy canolis!!! I'm no expert by any means, but Anzio's makes the best one I've ever had!!!Great. Now I want to go get one!I've posted a few pictures also.
5	My girlfriend and I came here for a 50th wedding anniversary party last night and upon entering the place reminds me of a small family pizzeria.  It's in an older part of town right next to a auto store.  When we walked in, they pointed us to the area where the party was.  It was a long hall-way and opened up into this huge room!  From the front of the restaurant you wouldnt think it was there.  By the way, the place was packed.Service was great with drinks and  since it was a big party, they had two choices of food: lasagna and chicken alfredo, along with some garlic bread and salad.The salad was just a basic garden salad, but the ingridents were fresh and it was deliscious!I opted to have both the chicken alfredo and the lasagna and I wasnt sorry one bit.  It was the most delicious tasting italian food I think I have ever eaten at a restaurant.  My girlfriend lookd over and said to me.. "I could eat 4 more plates, but Im so stuffed"  I replied "I would love to get sick here"It was THAT good.I highly recommend this food and even though we live in Scottsdale, we WILL be back.  Incredible service and food!
3	This is a small hole in the wall that opens up into a lovely restaurant once inside. The decor is very cute, reminiscent of an italian villa. The food was okay, but very underseasoned- my shrimp pasta tasted mainly of butter. The garlic bread was also soaked in butter. Honestly, the best part of the meal was the side salad.Overall, the decor was great, the service was great, but the food just fell flat for me and my husband, although I am spoiled by authentic italian cooking.
4	I went here the other night on a date. I didn't even know it was there all these years.The service was excellent and the food was great. I am not really into Italian food so I ordered the Fish. Three big pieces with fries, salad and garlic bread. It was way too much food and not really expensive.I was sorry I didn't save room for dessert. The Chocolate Calzone looked amazing.I will be back again.
5	I'm a little late with this review but we had Anzios cater our wedding last year and they were fantastic! The prices were amazingly reasonable, the food was great, and they even delivered to our venue in way way North Scottsdale. I definitely recommend them!
1	Worst food I ever had .... Sauce taste like Prego checking was old and we had to send it back chicken wings were way to greasy and sauce is not tasty.. Would never go back I can't believe this place had 4 stars..
4	Delicious garlic bread! Very nice people, cute atmosphere
2	To begin, the service was great.  However, the ravioli seemed frozen and the meatballs in the spaghetti and meatballs were flavorless.  A lackluster meal all around.
5	Well, that was delicious. The Don, I think it was, with chicken, marinara and no green peppers. Sheesh! I just ate it 6 hours ago and I want another right now.
5	Excellent food! Have been here many times over the years- both dine in and take out, and it is always excellent food. Amazing pizza and wings. Their teriyaki sauce is superb. Top notch. Will be a customer for years to come.
4	My husband and I love this restaurant. We are addicted to their cheese bread that comes with the meal. It is perfect and often it is what brings us to this restaurant...just thinking about that bread makes me salivate now as I type this.  Service is pretty good here. The food is not spectacular, but consistent and the bread is amazing. Really good deal for the prices as well. My favorite dish here is the broccolli and chicken pasta dish.
5	Absolutely excellent. Kevin and Barb are wonderful.  Had my brothers rehearsal dinner here and it went perfectly.  Banquet room is very very nice!
4	I grew up around the corner from this joint when it was just one side of the restaurant it has become now. Kevin and Barb, the owners are usually present on the busy nights. Local police and firefighters stop in for the pizza and wings. I have always loved their wings, I compare different place's wings to theirs even now 15 years later. I love the pasta, love the pizza and heck even the garlic bread is tasty. Not authentic, but delicious just the same.
5	KEVIN, the owner is great and JENNY the server who has been there forever.  This is a great little quaint place to eat, especially if you are from CHICAGO, they have greatCHICAGO pizza, but, not NEW YORK PIZZA.  EVERYTHING IS GREAT.
4	Ate here last week for the first time. Took the wife and kids and it's definitely family friendly. The staff was really cool and the menu was interesting. I was scared at first to try their marinara because they are from Ohio, and Ohio people put strange things in there tomato sauce like cumin or cinnamon, crazy huh? But this place did not disappoint and the marinara was great. My wife had lasagna which was very yummy and I had a chicken parmesan hero. The kids had linguini in anice Alfredo, which they love to eat. I was afraid to try the pizza though because they only use provolone they don't even carry mozzarella in the restaurant. The specialty pizzas did look yummy on th. menu so maybe I will give it a try next time. This seems like a great day Birds 5 hidden away on 28th Drive.
4	Was in town for Dodgers spring training and found this place on Yelp. This place was really good. Fresh salad, awesome zucchini and delicious pizza! Service was good and I will definitely eat here next time I'm in town.
4	This is a great little place. It's not super authentic Italian food, but it's definitely very tasty. The pizza was delicious as was the soup. Staff was very kind too. I recommend!
5	LOVE LOVE this place. Pizza and wings are epic. I drive 50 miles round trip to go to Anzio's and it is with it every-time
4	Anzio's is a great little Italian place.  The antipasto salad with bread is a nice light meal for 2 people.  Add some fried zucchini and shoestring potatoes for a treat.   The pizza is very nice as is the chicken parm.  My only complete is the place is cold temperture-wise.
5	Another fabulous meal !!!. We found this little family restaurant by accident a couple of years ago, and have since made it a regular stop at least once a month. Staff is always courteous and goes the extra mile.
1	Came here tonight hoping to have the great food that I remembered from years ago. My parents used to take me here and it was delicious. What happened?I got the combination dinner of lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and chicken parmesean. They pass this platter off for 14.95. The chicken tastes like it is frozen... I couldn't take more than  two bites of it. The tomato sauce is overly sweet and basically flavorless. The fettuccine alfredo.. The sauce was bland... thin enough to not be clinging to the noodles... The lasagna.... The only thing that had any flavor was the ricotta... Now for the service.  Bad. The server that wasn't even ours basically threw the menu on the table without looking, hitting my fiance in the arm with it then came back with a second menu and plopped that carelessly down next to me.  We're both pretty indecisive,  so it did take us a bit to order. The server was very ingenuine, and it was obvious. Having been in the food service industry for almost 10 years, I know when someone just wishes you weren't there because they want to go home. After our salads were brought out then taken away in haste by the other server, we were brought our meals.... without the server noticing we needed silverware, which we couldn't find our server for. .. we ended up taking some off of another table. (The salad came with a fork on the plate) Our server asked once if we were okay and hurried away quickly almost as soon as she asked. Came back once more where my fiance was finally able to ask for parmesean. The server left our table to hopefully grab it,  but instead went immediately to another table to help them, grabbed take out boxes, went to help another table,  then finally grabbed the parmesean.  I get it. We're not a large party. We don't look like we have a lot of money... buy I tip darn well when I get good service.  Needless to say... I will not be returning... ever.
5	Been here a few times, and they never disappoint! Pizza, pasta, sandwiches, and garlic bread are fantastic!
4	Pretty darn good overall. The garlic bread was AMAZING. The pasta was better than average. The decor was nice and comfortable. Looking forward to coming back soon.
5	I have been coming to anzio's since I was a baby with my parents back when this place used to be half as big as it was and they needed to expand. The food is top notch. I highly recommend any of their normal dish pizzas and the chicken and broccoli. Also, their wings are some of the best I have ever had. I bring all of my friends here for some authentic delicious Italian food. Try it, you will not be disappointed.
3	The food here is just ok. I have had the ravioli and was not very impressed. The garlic bread is very good and the meat lovers pizza is very good. Overall a cheap italian dinner but not a regular place for us.
5	Great neighborhood place with the same owners and consistent quality for the last 20 years. Anti pasta salad and wings and you can't go wrong!  Pizza is one of the better ones too. Friendly and fast service (we did let them know we were on our way to a concert).....
5	This place truly is a hole in the wall gem!! We used to live in this neighborhood and, growing up, anzios was my family's favorite eat out restaurant. Now, 20 years later we still go out of our way to eat hear! Pretty much everything on the menu is great. The pizza is a little greasy but is still really good. They use Wisconsin cheese which makes for a great tasting pizza. The atmosphere is very relaxing, not too loud. The service is great. Sometimes it's a long wait on weekend nights but definitely worth the wait!
5	Went to Anzio's  4/25/14.  By the time I got there I realized that my coupon had expired and I live about 25 miles away.  The girls were great, they honored my expired coupon.  We had a delicious meal again and our service was great.  Anzio's is my favorite Italian restaurant.  We go at least once a month.
3	We like it here, always good food and almost always great service. The only thing is we always ask for "half dozen" of BBQ and 1/2 dz of the suicide wings and ALWAYS always always they bring me the whole dozen of each! Never fails!  That gets a little old after awhile.. I swear I've been there ten times and easily 8 out of the 10 times they've gotten the order wrong. But like I said the food is really good so I'll most likely keep going back :)
5	I have been here three times and each time it's been better than before.  The sausage/pepperoni pizza is soooo delicious.  The waitress said she has been there more than 20 years, she was very fun and had great service.
5	Great little place that is hidden from the main group of "restaurants" in the area. This was my first time here and I had the Tuscan pasta. It was great, perfect amount of olive oil, and pasta was cooked perfectly al dente, nice and firm, unlike the mush you get served most places. Staff was friendly and they don't rush you out of the place.  Restaurant is very clean and well lit, with pretty painted frescoes on the walls.  If you're in the area, do yourself a big favor, skip the Olive Garden and head to Anzio's!
5	We have been eating at Anzio's for years. When we take friends there they are never disappointed. Not only is their food excellent, service is second to none they will prepare the food any way you want. We love their Chicken and Broccoli especially the white sauce. We also like their veal cutlet which is a very generous potion. We asked for the veal to be made with the white sauce from Chicken and Broccoli with spaghetti noodles. It is now one of our favorite meals at Anzio's and we have many. Thank You for the service and food you provide. You can't get this at a chain restaurant.
4	Great pasta. Overall great food. Have ordered a few things and haven't been let down yet. Staff is friendly but scarce when super busy.
1	I use to frequent this place on my lunch hour. The last time I went there to grab a quick lunch we were sitting in the booth talking and waiting for the waitress to bring us our order when the person across from me pointed out that there was a roach crawling up the booth next to the wall. I composed myself and used my napkin to squish it. Haven't been back since.
4	Stopped in for a late lunch during the week. It was a slow time of day and pretty empty. We seated ourselves and were promptly brought menus. Our server was very pleasant and answered our questions about the menu.We ordered the antipasto salad and sampler plate. Both were delicious! Portion sizes were generous! It's clean inside with a nice size menu.Will definitely be back to try other dishes!
2	Food was good. Waitress "Maggie" has no common sense. Spoke with owner and got things cleared up. Still won't go back again.
5	Best pizza in town.  Try the vegetarian with pepperoncinis.
2	I have to start out by saying I was raised in a 3rd generation  Italian household and that some in my extended family spoke only Italian. Further, I, myself, can cook very good Italian food based on my exposure to my family.My wife and I went to Anzios  mainly because we've driven past it a number of times, we had a credit with Groupon and wanted eat out.Eggplant Parmigiana - Eggplant was cut to thick and slightly undercooked. The pasta was cooked well but the sauce lacked any direction.Side salad - basically a small potion of lettuces and shaved carrots on a plate.Meatball Hero - Sauce was bland. Meatballs were small, tasted like meat and bread crumbs, were heavy and lacked any real flavor. While the sauce on the meatball hero was different than the eggplant parmigiana it too was bland and lacked direction.Because of my history with Italian food I deliberately avoid "Italian" restaurants and if I do go to one I set my expectations pretty low. While the food was fair I don't think I will be going back to Anzios.
2	I have to say that I only got takeout but both me and my significant other were not impressed.  In fact he said: "this is the worst pizza and wings I've had in a while".  Everything seemed to come with a giant helping of grease.  They also weren't the friendliest staff I've encountered and they didn't have to-go menu available or a menu online.  I basically found my order going through the pictures on yelp.
5	Have been a loyal customer for 20 years. We order the same things almost every time we go. Start with some of the best wings in town (no joke!), antipasto salad, and one of their unique tasting pies - usually a veggie or deluxe with normal crust. It's a mom and pop joint all the way, and it's not fancy. It's very reasonable from a price point, which keeps us coming back. I have had other dishes, and they are decent as well. However, the staple here is wings and pizza! Trust me on the wings, they are prepared perfectly which is a lost art.
