4	Coming from DC, where the Mexican food is downright horrid, it was a real treat to eat at Taqueria Canonita. This is a casual Mexican place inside the Venetian hotel. We were seated "outside" under the Venetian's ceiling next to their version of the Grand Canal. It's a great place for people watching - you can see the gondolas row by and hear the gondoliers singing.The focus is on food from Mexico City. The queso fundido appetizer was excellent, as was the Mexican sandwich (torta). The pitchers of margaritas are generous. The service was great and the waiter clearly adjusted when we made it clear we wanted to linger over our margaritas.
5	The food was fantastic!!!  Really, I don't know what more I can say.  I ordered fish tacos--huge meaty pieces of fish in tiny little tortillas.  So good!!  We ordered a bottle of homemade sangria.  It was only $20, and was enough for four full glasses and refills!!  I love the fact that it's right on the edge of the gondola river running throughout the Grand Canal Shoppes.  The end of the river is right at the restaurant so all the gondoliers would pause to serenade their riders and the crowd.  I think people at the restaurant should be given point cards so we can rate the singing.  It's sad, but some of the gondoliers shouldn't sing.  Others were so amazing that their voices echoed off the walls!!
5	Janice says:  I'm giving this place 5 stars bc it's been 2 years, and at times, i still think of the pork chops i ordered with the apricot/peach sauce....oh how I miss you.  It's the best i've ever had, and my favorite dish of ALL time!  YUM.Derek says:  I tried bring Janice to a nicer restaurant while we were in Vegas.  But it was much more on the casual side in the Venetian.  At first we were a little dissappointed but then we stuck with it and the food was really well made.  i ordered some kind of fish dish and didnt like it as much as Janice's apricot/peach glazed pork chops.  They are the best porkchops ever.  Cooked perfectly, still juicy inside and a great sauce.  And the place is by the water so thats a plus.
5	GREAT MEXICAN DOESN'T HAVE TO BE DIVEYCanonita's food is right up there with the best Mexican I've had in LA, San Diego, and even Mexico City.  Since it opened, I have not gone to Vegas without eating there.Everything is delicious without exception - right down to the salsa and chips that are hard not to fill up on.  Even the rice, which comes as a side with just about everything, is not to be missed.  The star of the meal, however, is always their salsa verde - hands down the best salsa verde I've ever had.  Ask for a side of it (they will charge you $1 or so but it's worth it) and pour it onto whatever you end up eating.Don't expect a taqueria in the conventional sense because Canonita has little in common with the holes-in-the-wall where you often find the best Mexican food.  Which is not to say Canonita isn't authentic - it's just a gentrified (and thereby both healthier and more elaborate) version of the same cuisine.
5	We actually ate here twice during our short stay in Vegas.  The second night were we going to eat elsewhere, but the crowd looked big so we moved along.  We decided to eat here again after hearing that the wait would be 30 minutes.  (It was after 9:30PM on Friday night so we figured that would the norm at other places.)  We had our table in less than 5 minutes.   The food was amazing.  Quick and good service.  Great sangria --- a bottle provide 6 full glasses.   I had the shrimp enchiladas both times.       Will definitely go back the next time I am in Vegas.  Oh, I forgot, they have cilantro rice -- very good.
3	Inside the Venetian is actually a decent Mexican place. Who woulda thought? The menu is kind of an upscale, semi-authentic Mexican. Not your typical taqueria nor Mexican food you typically find in the US, but not perfectly authentic since this is Vegas. The recommended things are the tacos as an appetizer and the smoked/steamed carnitas in a banana leaf. The guacamole was ok, if not a little bland. Their salsa is ok, lacking a little on spiciness for my taste though. The service was friendly and efficient. The place does get loud since your on the canal and you have multitudes of people walking by. There's also a bar with decent drinks. Their margarita mix is way too sweet though.
2	Ok. Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing here. I dunno. But I was NOT pleased. Not at all. I am from LA and I know Mexican. And this place is not Mexican. It's something like what Midwesterners want Mexican to be. I knew I was in trouble when I saw that the the Fish tacos were served with a Chipotle Mayo type thing. Yuck. That is not authentic. So I ordered the Sopa de Tortilla. A dish I love to order in Mexican restaurants. Not terrible, but not balanced and it really tasted only like a bowl of chili. Eh.Then my friend ordered the 6 taco platter and I tried the Rajas and Mushroom tacos. Blech. No flavor. Plus (and I hate when restaurants do this) although the menu stated the Rajas Tacos came with Queso Fresco (versus just queso), when it came it was melted Jack Cheese.   That is not Queso Fresco. I guess they don't expect people to know the difference!The only reason I am giving the 2 stars and not 1 is because their house  made salsa was pretty good. Thank god for that, because it was the only way to flavor the tacos!
3	located in the back of the grand canal in venetian.  a little quieter than the main piazza de san marco area.  from the patio seating, you can watch gondolas making u's at the end of the grand canal and gondoliers singing serenade. we had a yummy pork chop and shrimp enchilada, but other menu looked as enticing.
5	Ah, Las Vegas... it  has never been a destination for me. I mean, I'd go rockclimbing at the world famous Red Rock Canyon (20 miles outside of LV), but always stay away from the seedy strip, despite its glitz and glam exterior. That is, until I discovered Taqueria Canonita. It was by force of circumstance that I was stuck in the Venetian, and being always hungry, I stumbled into the taqueria. Immediately, the place made this Texas girl feel right at home, the waiters and the chef were all hispanic and you can tell it was a tight knit group- like a little family. Everyone was incredibly nice, and their passion for food, and particularly Mexican food, showed. My waiter, Ricardo, recommended a number of his favorite dishes, just like (or as the case may be, better than) his father would make, he said.  I settled on the tasty Sietes Mares, and was very impressed.  When I finally met up with my party, we came back (just 4 hours later) for a second dinner. I specifically requested the same waiter, and he recommended more tasty options. My next dish (and arguably my last) was the Santa Rosa Barbacoa de Puerco. The pork was so fantastic, slow cooked so that it melts in your mouth when it hits your pallet, that I had a total food-gasm. The pork's complex, perfectly balanced flavors mixed with the cilantro rice, made me think I had died and gone to heaven. In the span of just over a day, I ate there 4 times (including three servings of the Santa Rosa Barbacoa de Puerco). The staff was so amused by my reaction, that they gave me the recipe and the chef's e-mail address in case I ran into problems cooking it at home. Of course, I've never actually done it 'cause it takes 48 hours, and I lack the patience. Still... fabulous food, fabulous service, and they have "river side" dining. I surprised myself by saying... "it doesn't really get better than this."
5	FAQQ: Mexican food inside the Venetian. Doesn't that strike you as odd?A: A city built in the middle of the desert that thrives on gambling and entertainment (adult and otherwise)? A fake Champs Elysees on Las Vegas Blvd.? A city where public intoxication on the main street is okay as long as you're not stumbling and puking? Doesn't that strike you as odd?No. Of course not. It's Vegas (obligatory: baby)!Q: How is the sangria here?A: Oh! I'm glad you asked. It is absolutely delicious. Chilled to perfection. Nice large chunks of fruit in there. Get a pitcher. Get two! Thank me later! I don't have sangria often but this is the benchmark on which all other sangria pitchers will be judged.Q: Woah, this looks like it's right next to the canal, right?A: Totally! It's good times. Be bold, heckle the tourists and the gondola operator.FYI ... Good times, good people, good location, good food, good booze. No hassles? 5-stars!
5	As a local, I rarely make it to the strip. We went to the Venetian to see the Blue Man Group (tewtelly awesome, btw!) and we had to eat first. Not wanting to spend an arm and leg for the lamb brains served at Mario Batali's (ew!) we decided to go to Taqueria Canonita instead.I see this as a sort of fusion restaurant - mixing Mexican traditions with  European and American cooking techniques to make something that is new and affordable while still being special. It made me think of what might be eaten in Mexico City for  a normal (and maybe a bit bourgeois) night out. Instead of covering everything in greasy cheeses and diced tomatoes, the Taqueria Canonita emphasizes different tastes of Mexican cuisine put together in unique ways.We had:Queso Fundido con Raja - a favorite of ours, we always get it at Lindo Michoacan. The tortillas were handmade and divine. The cheese was top-notch, but not too stringy.Enselada de Cangrejo - salad with lump blue crab meat and a creamy jalapeno dressing. Honestly, what's not to like?Michoacan Pork Chop - Wow! Just... wow. The pork chop was juicy, tender, and delicious. The reduction over the mushroom hominy (polenta/grits) was magical. Tequila - served in a beautiful glass and a full selection of blancos, repasados and anejos. Mojito - admittedly, not a Mexican drink. But I don't care. It rocked my socks.Also, the service was excellent and very friendly. We sat on the "patio" which gave us a nice view of the "canal" and the singing gondola folks.
4	Oh, where do I go in the Venetian when I just need a normal drink?  Why Taqueria Canonita of course!  I've eaten here on previous visits to Vegas and know that it's pretty quality Mexican food.So this time, I came for drinks and chips and salsa.  The bar service was great.  Chips and salsa plentiful.  My fresh blackberry mojito is my new favorite drink I think.  It was perfectly tart and sweet and minty.  I highly recommend it if they have fresh blackberries that day.  I really enjoy this place.  Sitting at the bar and relaxing after a crazy convention day is just what I needed.  The bartender provided good drinks and conversation.  I will definitely come back here the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	We passed this restaurant by a couple of times and after looking at the other restaurants available, this menu looked the best.The pricing was great. The portions were filling and the service was good as well.Chips and salsa are usually a hit or miss at most Mexican restaurants.  It was a hit here. The guacamole was fresh. I did wish the salsa was a little more spicy, but i guess we need to keep it 'PC," right? Both dishes we ordered were fabulous.And you can't beat the gondoliers (is that even a word?) passing by singing their hearts out.I'd go back in a heartbeat.
4	I've been here twice and have not been disappointed yet.  It won't put a big dent in your wallet and you leave rubbing your tummy yummily.If you can, get a seat on the 'patio' near the canal and be entertained by the passing gondolas.  Smoke chicken quesadillas, corn enchiladas with grilled chicken, and the Cancun blue crab cakes... I'm getting hungry already.  Don't forget to save room for the coconut custard brulee!
4	I try to come here at least once every trip.  The main reason?  The mussels.  I don't usually like mussels but this place has the BEST on the planet.  I could just eat that alone and make a meal out of it.  It's a big whopping plate of mussels cooked in a ultra flavorful red broth.  Comes with toasted garlic herb bread too!  I realized by coming here why I didn't like mussels before.  It's because most places don't use fresh mussels.  This place does.  There is absolutely no fishiness at all.  Just sweet tasty morsels.  I know they use fresh mussels because on a recent trip there I wasn't able to order them because the supplier didn't have any that day.  The main course are ok.  Nothing to write home about.  Their Sangria is pretty good, it would be better if they didn't fill the little cup with so much ice.  This place is worth 4 stars just on the mussels alone :)
4	Very nice place to grab a lunch.  Nice layout right on the canal at the Venetian.  It's low maintenance, unpretentious food.  The quesadilla is out of this world--very light--and the salsa is delicious.  It's fast and above average.  Gets a 4 for me for a sit-down lunch place in Vegas.
4	Good service, great atmosphere. Our party was seated next to the gondolas in their patio, very nice. Food was good... have to say I didn't have the appetite to enjoy it completely, but it seemed everyone was satisfied.
5	My favorite Mexican restaurant ever. I love the chile relleno and the aqua de sandia is THE best I have ever had in my life(including in Mexico).
4	We came here for my birthday and both the food and atmosphere were excellent. I was actually in the mood for the type of Mexican restaurant like the one in the movie Dodgeball. You know, the Dirty Sanchez. And no, there's no need for you to make any jokes right here! Anyway Canonita is definitely on the other end of the spectrum; it's the type that doesn't serve margaritas by the pitcher. Still tasty in served in a glass though. I had the carne asada, which was delicious. Did I have a lobster tail with it? ...I'm sure it was delicious if I did.I loved the setting! We sat in the "outdoor" area of the restaurant. The Venetian was nice enough to turn down the lights to create a "dusk" effect since it was dinner time. If only I could've seen the sun set behind the Kenneth Cole store across the walkway!
4	The food here is surprisingly decent although pricey (of course).  I seem to always be able to score a nice table right next to the canal and it's cheesy but I like it.  The margaritas are good (and pricey) and the service is friendly and efficient.  The last time I was here, I had a coupon for 15% off the entire bill and I definitely appreciated that.I ordered three fish tacos and they came with rice and beans and extra tortillas.  The tacos were very good and the rice was cilantro rice and tasty (don't be put off by the green tint).  The beans were good, too.  We also had chips and guacamole which was very big and quite good.  I was definitely full when I left here.When staying at the Venetian, this is a convenient and good option that is less expensive than some of the other options at the Venetian.  I think it makes a very nice lunch or casual dinner destination.
4	You MUST eat here if you visit The Venetian in Vegas. Looking back, I don't think that I've ever skipped lunch/dinner at this joint on any of my visits to Vegas since 2002. The most awesome part about dining here is the fact that you're eating delicious food and drinking bomb-azz sangria right next to the Grand Canal, serenaded by the gondola singers and getting that awesome water reflection off the roof and the lights surrounding the area.I want to quote About.com's review on Taqueria Canonita (because this is exactly how I feel and couldn't describe it better):"This inspired eatery takes the flavors of Old Mexico and serves them with an exciting, New American ambiance- all beside the gracefully flowing Grand Canal. Experience true "south of the border" taste and tradition with authentic Mexican offerings like chile rellenos, tacos al carbon or shrimp quesadillas. The taste of their hand-made corn tortillas alone is enough to transport you to another world. The dcor is as vivid as the menu with casual ambiance, high ceilings and bright, bold colors. Taqueria Caonita's lively exhibition kitchen is the restaurant's centerpiece. Enjoy your meal amidst the sculpted steel and wrought-iron gates, colorful Mexican tiles and authentic Mexican folk art. Even better, Taqueria Caonita's patio is set beside the Grand Canal, offering terrific views of our Venetian streetscapes and passing gondolas."I would also like to add that 90% of the servers who work here are easy on the eyes and know what customer service is all about ;) which makes for an even better dining experience.
5	Like everyone else has stated, this place is superb from location, price, taste, service, etc.  Everything one would want in a restaurant, Canonita possesses.I had the taco plate for $15... each taco (SIX of them) was a different combination of filling (meat + seafood) and flavors, all on double corn tortillas.  It was a crap load of food but after a long day of traveling and walking, it hit the spot.I was with a group and we had a plethora of margaritas and tequila shots (a few on the house) and our waiter brought us some pineapple slices soaked in tequila that were also on the house and pretty much knocked everyone on their ass.We all left with a satisfying buzz and a full stomach.It has made it onto my must-dine list when I'm in Vegas and that's not an easy accomplishment.
3	Had the Taco Platter. Good, but not great. Should have known - Las Vegas is not the place to get great tacos. Fillings were a bit dry. Granted we were eating a late lunch, but Taco Fillings should not be dry.
5	This is by far, my favorite Mexican restaurant. I have been here at least once for every visit that I have made to Las Vegas, to mark the completeness of my time spent in the desert :) I have brought several friends, and they are as pleased as I am. I remember my first time dining here, as someone at a nearby table attempted to order a chimichanga. The server said to me "this is Mexican SOUL food! None of that Taco Bell stuff..", and he was right. Everything here (from the fabulous choices of margarita, to the horchata and desserts), is SOOO finger-licking good. After one visit, I had finally had enough of being without my favorite horchata, and asked the chef for a recipe. Not only did he write it down for me, but he emailed it to me as well! As I'm writing this review, my mouth is watering..but I know that nothing in Seattle will compare to this food.
3	We had 8 girls for a bachelorette party and so I was able to try at least 3-4 plates. One of the best plates here is the Chile Relleno. I've had it many times before from Salvadorans that made it from scratch at home so I get pretty picky. Here, the sauce is amazing and so is the stuffing. I didn't pick this dish but I think it was the best one in the group. If I come back here, this is what I'd get, hands down.I got the Seared Ahi dish but it was not that great. It was ok, but the sauce was more thick and curry like rather than light and delicate. The chips and salsa were amazing. Fresh hot chips and the salsa was just spicy enough. The margaritas are ok, nothing great, but it wasn't bad. We got the pitcher, which is cheaper than buying individual drinks. We got the strawberry blended margarita and the pineapple margarita on the rocks. The strawberry is better. The dishes are quite pricey but the appetizers and tacos were decently priced.
2	I think the food is pretty OK.  What really disappointed me was the way they charged for everything.  Like 50 cents for this, or a dollar for that.  Come on- do I need to pay extra for Salsa?!?  Do you even want to live in a a place where you gotta pay extra for salsa.  Salsa should be free- you get it when you sit down.  There is a big picture here people- look at it.  Anyway try Dos Caminos instead...
5	We dropped by Canonita wanted to grab a quick dinner before going to Tao night club, and this is going to be our MUST stop next time we're in Vegas.We got Santa Rosa Barbacoa de Puerco and Carne Asada Nortena. Both were AMAZINGLY delicious! I've had quite a fair share of Mexican food, but this was surprisingly delightful. The sweet chipotle BBQ sauce perfectly complimented the Barbacoa. I didn't care much for the cilantro rice and bean though, but the meat was more than enough to satisfy my appetite. Boyfriend was in love with the angus steak, cooked to perfection. His plate was completely empty in 20 minutes.Our waiter was very friendly and helpful in explaining the menu. The food also came out pretty quickly.
4	The food was fantastic even though the portions are pretty small and I absolutely loved their salsa, I wish I could have some more right now.This place is definitely a bit pricey, but I wouldn't expect anything less from a place on the canal in Vegas...Anyway, two thumbs up to you
4	Wonderful mojitos here. We got a few and walked around the shops with them after we'd spent enough time watching the gondola trips going around and around. Nice. I'd come back for drinks since the setting is so great.
4	It was 2 in the afternoon and neither of us had anything to eat yet..  So we were beyond famished...we were becoming irritable.  We decided to quickly scan the Grand Canal for a place to eat...we didn't want a super fancy restaurant at the hotel to have lunch.  We passed the food court...and thought nah!  Saw Canonita and said, let's try Mexican in Vegas.  The decor at Taqueria Canonita is characterized by high-ceilings, bright bold colors, Mexican tiles and Mexican art. Taqueria Canonita offers outside patio dining beside the Grand Canal which offers views of the Venetian streetscape and passing gondolas.We started with guacomole and chips.  The guac was fantastic...I could have just eaten that with a spoon.  Great texture, very chunky and flavorful.  My entree was thePescado Vera Cruz - fresh catch of the day (happened to be Mahi Mahi that day) sauteed w/ sweet chiles, red onions, green olives, and lemon all simmered with a hearty marisco broth and white rice.  It was yummy.  I'd get that again if I wanted to eat on the light said.  He ordered the Colima Pollo con Limon - grilled chicken breast marinated w/ lime and roasted garlic topped w/ chayote and red cabbage salad, seasonal grilled vegetable and borracho beans.  I wish I had ordered that instead.  Not only did it look yummy, it was great!  The chicken was tender and juicy.Total bill with tip:  $58
3	Very clean flavors.  The tuna was seared to perfection.  It was subtly seasoned and had really great flavors.  What I didn't like was the slaw.  It was mediocre at best.  The shortribs with chipotle mash was yummy!!!  Thought it was something I can make at home myself, the tuna, on the otherhand, I couldn't.  This was a great option when you want something casually nice but don't want to walk too far (if you're in the Central Strip).
4	We really like to eat here when in Vegas.  The roasted salsa is very good and we've always had good meals here.  If you're lucky, you can maybe get a seat by the canal and watch them float by while you're eating.  I thought it was very reasonable compared to what other vegas places charge.
4	I liked this place! Both food and atmosphere are great! The service was slow, but maybe that's because we went there at 10PM haha. The food came out fast though! I ordered the taco plate and it was good. They give you a lot too! Definitely a good price and I will go here again.
4	A group of 8 of us ducked into this place after a) not feeling the overpriced food court and b) not feeling ballerific enough to eat some place fancy. If you read my other reviews, you know I'm especially hard on any Mexican food, especially ones located under a fake blue sky and a much cleaner version of Venice's grand canal. Boy, was I surprised. I started off with a few bites of the ceviche and ordinary chips and salsa, which were both surprisingly tasty. I ordered the three pork tacos with corn tortillas and they were done very well. Their flavors weren't too strong, which I liked. Can I just write that it tasted, well, good?Oh, and the horchata...magnificent! Perfectly balanced between sweetness and thickness. One of the best cups I've had.For the price, atmosphere, location, and food, this place strikes a good balance for those on a budget but don't want to wander onto the strip looking for the McD's/Denny's/Chipotle around the corner.
4	I would give this place 5 stars, except it took us forever to find the location, when we arrived, we had to approach the chatty group of hostess girls, and they still took time to sit us after we said we had reservations.So the rating is for the food and our specific server.Started off with signature margaritas, and mussels.Both were great, my boyfriend doesn't eat mussels but was exceptionally wowed by the broth that they sit in (weird, I know).I had the platter of tacos, which was excellent.My boyfriend has enchiladas which he said were seasoned great.The setting is right off the end of the Venetian canal.The location is central to that of Ceasers palace and the Wynn
4	I got the house margarita and it was fantastic! Nothing special about it, just plain good. The guacamole was great, but had one to many onions in it for my taste. Plates are huge, so I would suggest splitting. That is exactly what we did. Got the a la carte taco platter with 6 different tacos...mushroom and queso, fish with mango, chicken, beef, pork, and rajas with queso. Light, fresh, and good. Great midday snack before we headed back out onto the Vegas Strip. Love the iron gates, columns, and tiling...located right on the Venetian's canal.
5	Absolutely one of the best Mexican restaurants I've ever visited. This place serves very creative and eclectic style Mexican food. Most dishes aren't what people would traditionally imagine. One of my favorite dishes is the wild mushroom enchiladas. They are super tender and come covered with a light green colored sauce. Very mellow flavors. They have a vegetarian torta with a thick slice of grilled tofu, and typically I'll only eat tofu if it's in miso soup. One of my absolute favorites is the pezcado veracruz. It's the 'catch of the day' in a marisco (red) sauce with rice. Imagine a fish stew, with a large cut of fish in the middle. The Vaquero beef rib is also excellent. It's a well prepared short rib in mildly spicy mashed potatoes. This restaurant is the ONLY restaurant in The Venetian that is located directly on the canal. Whenever we went, we always were seated directly next to the canal. The wait staff is always super friendly. Although the hostesses have often been unfriendly and will take forever to acknowledge your presence. Their drinks are pretty good. I recommend the sangria by the bottle. It's fairly inexpensive and very good. Not a bad way to pass an hour or so, sitting with your sangria at the canal. I think a lot of people are expecting a different style of food here. It's more of a gourmet style, with interesting interpretations. Don't expect a big sloppy wet burrito. For the amount and quality of food, I consider this place to be cheap. Entrees are around the $20 mark and they charge for chips and salsa. But the portions are generous (not gigantic) and the food and atmosphere are second to none. You would be hard pressed to find a better location than this, in Vegas. I highly recommend for a late breakfast/early lunch, when they open around 11a. It's also nice to eat at a place when I don't have to get dressed  up, seriously I am on vacation, don't make me wear something nice.
4	I don't know how this nice, but not too expensive restaurant right on the canal in The Venetian got so overlooked, but the three of us were seated right away on Valentine's Day.  We weren't in the "patio" (along the canal), but were beneath a graceful arch and close enough to see the gondolas drifting by - actually they were maneuvering quite a bit because it's near the embarkation point.  In fact, the only thing separating us was a small group celebrating a wedding - I thought it a very suitable venue for a Vegas reception....more of a choice to forego the big church wedding and Italian honeymoon instead of a we-can't-afford-it substitute.  Well, that's the vibe I got since they had obviously put in a lot of attention to detail with the nicest spot, table set up, cake table, etc.  Well, it lent some romance to our dinner since we weren't a menage a trois, but there with our teenage son.  The menu was very tempting - there were a few things we couldn't decide between.  Looking over at the next table, I recommended that my son order a dish full of shell fish, chicken skewers, and delicious looking bread; it turned out not to be quite enough for him.  The ceviche appetizer was sufficient as an entree for me though - the tuna was good, the shrimp and olive too salty, and the third not memorable.  Oh, another diner came over and asked me what I thought of it, so the dishes match the menu description very accurately!  My husband had the succulent pork, and we shared a carafe of strong (I felt) sangria.  It would have been nice if chips and salsa were included instead of being offered separately on the menu (duh, restaurateurs, I probably could have handled more sangria then).  I'm recommending it for kids also because watching the boats is pretty entertaining, it's noisy anyway, and I imagine the railings are close enough that they can't slip through.  I think this place was mentioned in one of the in-room magazines, but in this case, it wasn't all hype.  Besides the tastiness, the setting and presentation make it truly special.
2	Overall I was unsatisfied. The service wasn't anything to write home about. The food was incredibly bland. It didn't help that one of my dinning partners claimed it to be the best mexican food restaurant she has ever been to. Yeah maybe just a little too much hype going on. Take a pass on this place there are so many better choices in Vegas.
2	The location and atmosphere of this place is quite nice!  However, the menus we were given were all torn up at the corners, which was surprising for a pretty nice restaurant.  It definitely cheapened the place and lowered our expectations.I ordered the Watermelon Margarita and it was extremely good!  Most margarita's I had in Vegas were way too sweet, but this one was perfect.  We also ordered chips and salsa - again, very good.  The chips were fresh and the salsa was spicy!Our meals (beef & chicken enchiladas) were very very bland.  After the spicy salsa with the chips and our server's warning of some spice in the meal, we were expecting something...but seriously - nope.  No spice, no flavor, bland, bland, bland.  Our server was very nice and attentive, which we found everywhere in Vegas - which is a really good thing.But I would not go back here or recommend it to anyone going either.  Sorry!
3	Freshly off the plane and having checked in at the Palazzo, we headed over here for some lunch. I had read this place boasts of a nice view, so we walked over from the Palazzo. First off, it was quite confusing to get here, we asked for directions several times, since the path from Palazzo to Venetian is a bit of a maze. But once we walked into this beautiful fake piazza looking area, with bridges and gondolas we were in awe. We wished we could have sat right next to the canal at this place but they reserve the canal view for tables for two. We were still able to enjoy the "fake" sights "outside". We ordered a pitcher of margaritas that our waiter had recommended which had Grand Manier, and boy was that strong! We each got the taco platter which comes with three tacos you can choose from (you can mix and matches them too), and also comes with cillantro rice and beans. I got the pork, beef and fish tacos. The pork was a bit dry, but the mango salsa on top was to die for! The beef tacos were my favorite- moist and flavorful. The fish ones had the mango salsa as well and were also very good. You could also choose the kind of tortilla, but unfortunately, I don't think they serve hard shell tacos which I personally love.Their tomato salsa was also very delicious (and cheap) so I would recommend putting in an order of those. The waitstaff was friendly and helpful for the most part, though they were reluctant to allow us to charge our bill on 6 credit cards even though we were splittling the bill evenly. Eventually the informed us they would accomodate our request "just this once", but that it might take them a while to do so.
3	Get the sangria. Great stuff. The seating by the "canals" under the bright blue "sky" was awesome, but the food was so-so. The chips we got were pretty stale, and my pork was quite on the non-juicy side. Everyone left full and fairly happy, though; it's Vegas, I'm pretty sure you all know that you just need a few drinks to have a good time anywhere ^_^.
4	My wife and I have stayed at the Venetian twice and the Palazzo right beside it once but this seems to be our favorite lunch stop when we're here. Helps get you in the mood to being in Las Vegas first off with sipping their Cadillac Margarita while sitting by the Grand Canal.  We tend to stick to just the chips with salsa and guacamole and splitting the 6 tacos platter which is perfect. We've always had luck getting great service here and a table by the canal, so that tipped my star rating from 3 to 4.  I've never been for dinner, and doubt I ever would when there are so many other excellent dinner restaurants in the Venetian alone.
4	This is on our must-eat list when visiting Vegas. The ingredients are fresh and the food is delicious. The white sangria is very yummy. I agree that the only place to sit is by the canal. Great for people watching as well as listening to the singers as they "navigate" the gondolas.
5	Javier the bartender is Fabulous and you have to try the pineapple/vanilla bean infused tequilla.  It is the best thing I have ever drank.
1	Do yourself a favor and go to one of the other Mexican restaurants in Vegas if you want more than a margarita and chips & salsa.  As many other reviewers commented, if you go, it can be nice to sit in the fake "outside" by the canal.  And my meal started in a pleasant enough fashion, with the previously-mentioned good margarita and chips and salsa.But everything fell apart when my entree came out.  Chicken enchiladas are pretty difficult to screw up, but they somehow found a way to do so.  This was the most bland Mexican food I ever tasted in my life.  Diner meatloaf in southern Indiana is more interesting.  The black beans tasted like water.  I'm not joking.  Water.  The "cilantro rice" tasted like it just came out of the boil-in-a-bag.  The "queso fresco" on top of the enchiladas certainly didn't taste like any kind of real cheese.  And the enchiladas themselves were skimpy on the chicken and heavy on the lettuce (a clear cost-saving measure).  Oh, and yes, the chicken also didn't even taste like anything. And of course, if you just want the 'rita, save yourself having to tip your sever and get your drink in the food court location of this restaurant that's steps away from the location by the "canal".
4	I would've loved to try the food here since this seemed like the only Mexican restaurant inside the Venetian, but their drinks were great. I came here at about midnight, and it was the only bar that was open around Tao. After getting shafted for $13 drink, I managed to save half the price by buying my drinks here. I talked the bar tender into making my vodka cran strong, and he went nuts with that vodka bottle. He got me stumbling out of that place and ready to party at Tao. Most important of all, the drinks were only $7 instead of $13. What a difference a walk down the hotel makes...
2	I wasn't impress. We sat along the canal and that was the highlight of the meal. Chips and guacamole was decent. I had the Tres Tacos, I thought it was bland and also they were those small tacos, I was expecting something more hardy. Even though the place was dead, service was slow.This might be a OK place for drinks, but I would skip it for dinner.
4	SBC VEGAS SERIES:14 of many reviewsSlowing down with the boys!So a night to ourselves and we really don't know what to do with ourselves.  Hmmmmmmmmm why don't we walk around to see what we can find. Low and behold we find this spot that I know i've been to in years past.  And if my memory serves me well, there should be some sangria here. Bear in mind this place closes relatively early on a Sunday... well what do you expect on a Sunday?? It is still nice as I recall overlooking the canals and a great spot to people watch if there were still people walking around. Let me tell you this... your favored three SBC bros. did not let you down. We drank our asses off on sangria in the last hour that place was open. Everything, from discussions of where to go next, to inside politics, to the cute girl that walked on by took on a very alcoholic slant that induced laughter till the wee hours of the morning. I love sangria. And that is basically how our night started on our last night on the strip.... the beginning of the end of SBC in Las Vegas trip. ;D
3	Chicken tacos are delish especially their guacamole ~ not so pricey even if it's inside The Venetian.
4	I went to Taqueria Canonita with a large group.  In our party was a 50-year-old, white southerner who, we later find out, eats nothing but meat and potatoes.  And has truly never had Mexican food.It was hilarious watching this extremely polite man's reactions as we tried to explain what a burrito is or why anyone would slow-roast pork on a banana leaf.He eventually settled on three soft tacos with rice but was perplexed with the color of the restaurant's cilantro rice.  "Now, I hope you don't mind me asking but is green a normal color for rice?"I really liked Taqueria Canonita.  I tried the Pepita Crab Cakes and the Smoked Chicken Quesadilla as appetizers.  Both were very flavorful.  I was actually surprised with the crab cakes because I usually compare them against those found in New England.  They were solid, especially given that we were sitting in the middle of the desert.The chips were just okay but the salsa was good.  And the guacamole was excellent and they give you a ton of it.For my entree, I ordered the Mexico City Chicken Enchiladas.  It was good but nothing spectacular.I had a couple margaritas and they were okay.  Nothing to write home about either but it did its job.The inside of the restaurant had a really fresh, hip vibe.  We sat on the patio, under the Venetian's stars and next to the canal.  After the second drink, I almost forgot that I was inside of a mall.For a place that serves green rice, this place was definitely able to please the crowd.
4	Super yummy, great location (on the one end of the venetian gondola ride). Nice "outdoor" seating. You feel like you are outside overlooking the canal, it is fun and the food is delicious. Good service. The three ceviche appy is great!
3	Me and the girlfriend decided to come here before seeing zumanity. This restaurant is right next to the grand canal shoppes. So we got seated and we ordered some chips and salsa for which of course they charged. I ordered the taco platter and my girlfriend had the burrito. The food was good but nothing special about it. My tortillas were a bit dry by the time they got to my table. Overall the restaurant was good but Im not sure if I will be coming back
2	A bit of a disappointment.After Phantom of the Opera, we decided to stop and have a drink. We decided to go to Taqueria Canonita because we can sit next to the canals and watch the gondaliers. We have also eaten here in the past and the food was very good.The hostess was very friendly and promptly seated us next to the canal. We waited for quite awhile before the waiter came over to bring water, it went south from here. He took the drink order and we never saw him again. The manager delivered our drinks, brought the water we had originally requested and that was the extent of our service.This was very disappointing as the restaurant was by no means full. The waiter never checked back in nor did the manager. He dropped the check on the table without even stopping and was observed chit chatting over off to the side while tables were being ignored. We left cash to cover the drinks, no tip.Although the food is good, and the ambiance of being next to the canal is nice, the service of an eatery speaks volumes to me. I doubt I will ever go back. If I treated my clients with that same type of service I would be out of business. Maybe they ought to think of that, my bill pays your wages, without a client you won't have a job. Enough preaching. Just disappointed in the lack of service I am seeing in some of my past favorites in Las Vegas.
1	Ugh.  Dining at the Venetian, I expect a certain standard to be upheld for both service and food quality.  Don't set those expectations if you're going to eat here.  The only thing tasty were the fresh, warm tortilla chips and salsa.  The guacamole was alright, though it was very onion-y.  (I detest onions, on a personal note.)  I ordered the grilled mushroom tacos.  They were awful!  The mushrooms were over-cooked and rubbery.  The queso on the tacos was bland and tasteless.  The tortilla for the tacos themselves was bland as well.  The colleague beside me ordered chicken tacos and complained as well that it was tasteless and inedible.  Neither of us ate more than the first half of one taco (though the platter comes with three).  I heard the Sangria was good from colleagues on the other side of the table.  My boyfriend also enjoyed his pollo con mole, though he said that the chicken was unbearably dry after a few bites.  Such a waste of food!  It really pains me to waste anything, especially food.  So if that sort of thing pains you too, I suggest eating somewhere else.  The service was also slow, curt and overall rather grumpy.  I guess I'd be grumpy too if I worked here and served up this yuckiness.
3	My friend and I had lunch here it was good a bit too pricey for what we ordered but thankfully the food was very good. My friend had the mexico city chicken enchiladas and I had the grilled skirt steak. We also had the chips and salsa the salsa was very good, but the chips and salsa not free like other mexican restaurants. As for the service it was good although our waiter seem to have trouble splitting our bill in half. Overall that place was good I don't think I will eat here again but will for sure get a mango margarita to go!
4	This is a fun place to eat, drink and rest your feet after a full day of trekking around the Vegas shops.  Located in The Venetian, this restaurant has patio seating on the "Grand Canal."    The margaritas were lip-smacking good and my Tres Fish Tacos ($13) was excellent.  They happily take reservations.  The service was excellent and the waiter was quite happy to put up with a bunch of questions and joking from me and The Girls.  Overall, good food at a decent price for Vegas, right in the heart of the Venetian.
3	So excited to be closer to the west coast and a happy mexican food situation! After a shitty experience at RA, my husband and I continue on our food frenzy (it's amazing how much he can eat and still be thin) and hit up Canonita.  We first sit at the bar to let the sushi digest and then order a couple drinks:-Raspberry mojito, I love that my husband has no shame and says proudly that mojitos are his fave drink-Sangria margarita, just skip this drink it was disgusting, I don't even want to get into the grueling detailsWe asked for chips and salsa and find out later that it's $2 for the first batch and $1.00 for each chip refill and $.50 for salsa refills. WTF, that's why I docked a point. We sit down at the table and order the chile relleno and the mushroom enchiladas. No joke, this is one of the best non-traditional chile rellenos I have ever had.  It had goat cheese, nuts and dried fruits inside the pepper and then it was breaded and flash fried.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it. The mushroom enchiladas were equally amazing, they had a green creamy sauce on top.  No wonder my diet is sucking.
3	I had lunch here with a group of 5.  I wouldn't get the Tarascan soup again, but I did like my Cabo Ahi Tuna.  if I were to go back to this place, I probably wouldn't order anything else because the rest of my group, who got more traditional mexican dishes like Enchiladas, did not like their entrees very much.The service was pretty shaky, too.  Our waiter even stumbled over his own name, let alone the drink orders!
2	Sangria - 4 stars. One of the best I've had, I want their secret recipe!Food - 2 stars. meat not that flavorful, and food served not piping hot.Ambiance / seating along the canal - 3 stars.I'd come back for the Sangria, not the food so much.
5	This is a yummy place to have Mexican Food on the Strip at a reasonable price.We always get the Queso Fundido and the Carne Tampiquena (steak fajitas.)The dinner is $18 per person and there is TONS of food.The Carne is always cooked to perfection. Oh order flour tortillas instead of corn they are more homemade-ish.The atmosphere is nice as you are right along the canal and get to see all the gondolas.Check this one out if you are in the mood for Mexican Food!!!
1	Restaurant was packed so we didn't bother to wait so I can only rate on their margaritas to-go. My friend ordered a watermelon margarita in their 48oz tube. We're not the type to walk around Vegas with a huge tube of alcohol, or lack of in this case, but my friend's been saying he would get one of those one day but we didn't think it would cost us $31! Seriously it would've been a great deal if it had a lot of alcohol in it, but it just tasted like bland watermelon juice. I'm glad that we didn't wait 30mins for dinner because it doesn't seem like the food would've been good. We headed to Dos Caminos @ the Palazzo which has better ratings. Drinks were great over there.
3	After getting off a long flight and having a business meeting and walking around the hotel...I was starving!! My boss and I wanted food, regardless of how good it was. We started with the chips and 3 kinds of dip, which was ok. I LOVE guac, and the stuff here was gross. It was a guac flavored dip or something. We both got the chicken enchiladas, for about $16 each. It was delicious and there was a ton of food to feed our very hungry bellies.The location is great too, right in the center of everything in the Venetian. If I ever go back to Vegas, I would eat here again, but hope that they get better guacamole!
5	I've never met a chile relleno I didn't like, and the one at Taqueria Canonita was especially creative and interesting.  The vegetarian entrees at most Mexican restaurants can be dull, but not here.  My boyfriend and I ordered the chile relleno, served with roasted vegetables and jicama salad, and the wild mushroom enchiladas served with borracho beans and rice.  The chile relleno was stuffed with a mixture of dried fruit, almonds, and cheese, and the contrast between sweet and savory was a party in my mouth.  The salad was light and the orange dressing was a refreshing surprise.  The enchiladas were drenched with a velvety poblano sauce, and combined with the mushrooms, the enchiladas just slid down my throat.  The borracho beans were a smoky kidney beans with a hint of chili powder.  Oh, and don't skip the chips and fire roasted salsa; it's so good that you'll want to drink it straight from the bowl.For dessert, we shared the Ancho Brownie, garnished with pepita ice cream.  This ancho infused brownie was ooey, gooey, and very fudgy. The ambiance is nice for people watching, and the restaurant's location next to the canal gives the illusion that you are dining outside.  It can be a bit noisy, but all in all, I'd eat here again.
4	First of all, this place is right on the canal (the only place to be so) and therefore that alone earns it several of its stars. I mean, when you have something as special and romantic as a Venice canal with gondolas passing by every 15mnts and gondoliers serenading their guests, why wouldn't you take full advantage of it!! The place itself was very vegetarian-friendly, albeit relied heavily on mushrooms (which I'm allergic to). The only downside of this place was that they were unwilling to do any substitutions at all, which means for a mushroom-allergic person such as myself, there weren't really that many vegetarian options left. We tried the guac-chips and fondido as well as sides of beans and cilantro rice.
4	A great restaurant in Vegas (inside the Venetian right along the canal) which is a great escape for solid Mexican food flavor. There are many very expensive restaurants in Vegas and this is a good balance between "nice" without breaking the budget. I ordered the Taco Platter which featured 5 different tacos that all brought their own distinct flavor. I will definitely visit this restaurant again in the future.
4	Good guac at this place... spicy salsas too. Taqueria Canonita is one of my favorite mexican spots in vegas. I love the location- inside the venetian shops and open air to the gondolas. You can sit right at the edge and see the gondolas go by and sing. All of the food that I've had here was good quality, good size portions (I'm usually STUFFED when I leave here), and tasty margs.Definitely will come back again and again when I am in vegas.
5	We have eaten here 5 times since 2006. Great affordable option in the Venetian. Next to the Canal. Presentation and portion are exellent for the price. Flavor is way above average. Recommended: Guacamole, Mexican Chopped Salad, the Steak Torta, and the Pork Tenderloin in Pinapple Mole. Never had a bad food or service experience in 5 visits, Good Sangria
4	I had to revisit this restaurant again with three people who had never eaten there....and was NOT disappointed!We had a great time - I ordered the same dish which was still amazing! This time around we had a couple of bottles of Sangria which we fell in love with. This is my favorite casual restaurant in all of Vegas to date!
4	After getting in mid Saturday afternoon we were hungry for Mexican food. Walking into the Venetian and scanning the canal we settled on Taqueria Canonita. We were seated quickly right at the canal with a great view of everyone on their Gondolas. Everything on the menu looked good and so did all the plates we saw. We did choose to get their $29.99 app, entree, and dessert. Good value there. Salads were big and very fresh, the tortilla-esque  soup had good kick to it, enchiladas were perfect, and the desserts were perfectly portioned and tasty.Drinks were actually pretty well priced for Vegas...obviously not considering all the free ones you can get on the casino floor. Mojitos are good and well sized for $9 and their sangrias, especially the white, are top notch.Great casual restaurant but nothing in paticular stood out to me to make it a 5 star. Great casual place to stop for a walking break and snack. Spend-o-meter: We spent $80 with drinks but really the 2 full 3 course meals were $29ea.Value: If you pass on alcohol than it's a great value...alcohol probably takes it just outside of good value. Will I go back: Yes...too many good looking dishes I wanted to try. Their salsas and guac seem to make a good impression on everyone.Definately visit Taqueria Canonita at the Venetian...you'll be glad you did.
3	Two best things about this place:1- Location.  We had a table right on the Grand Canal and could watch the gondolas and listen to them sing.2- Gauc.  Not sure why this guac is good, but it really is.  Since they charge for chip refills anyways, just get the guac.  It has a strong good taste of cilantro - my fav.We both had the chicken enchiladas- they were good, but nothing too memorable.Good service- worth a try for the location, and reasonable prices.
4	Hour 21 of a 24 hour trip to Vegas was spent in the bar at Taqueria Canonita, where I had ok tacos with a crazy good margarita.Now, my opinion of the tacos may be colored by knowing in a mere 4 hours I'd be stepping off the plane in Los Angeles, soon to fill my mouth and belly with all sorts of delightful Mexican goodies (thinking of it now, I'm not sure why we chose a taqueria in Vegas anyway), so let me tell you about this margarita. First, it was 5 bucks--now, 5 bucks is a decent happy hour price in D.C., but in Vegas? Insane. This was called a "Blackberry Fresca Margarita." I'm normally a blended margarita girl, but this delight on ice may have changed my mind. It was fresh blackberries with triple sec and silver tequila, a perfectly refreshing blend of sweet and the 1-2 punch of tequila. Most interestingly, but still wholly enjoyable, was that the glass was rimmed with both salt and sugar, which I've never had. I genuinely hope this margarita wasn't a special, because everyone who can should try it! I'm planning an attempt at my own as part of a red-white-and-blue drink spread for July 4 this summer. I would sit through the "ok" food in a heartbeat for more of these margaritas.
3	we came here for happy hour while shopping around the canals. cute place, we sat in the bar and split the grilled tilapia fish tacos (3 rico tacos) topped with a pineapple/mango salsa for $6, and the chips and tres salsa trio also $5-6. the salsas were super delicious. the tilapia tacos weren't so great, the fish tasted fishy but the pineapple mango salsa was tasty! the margaritas for $5 weren't very big but they were really refreshing and packed a punch! would come back for more tasty apps (minus the tilapia) and drinks.
4	We were shopping in the Venetian before going to see the Blue Man Group.  We spied this restaurant (right on the Venetian Canal!!) and ducked in.  Wow, what a great meal!We were kind of sick of the fatty, high calorie, rich meals we had had over the past few days.  This was excellent.   Most things came with sides of Cilantro rice, and whole black beans.... delicious, low fat and wonderful!  The meal was very filling, but yet felt "healthy" and light.Our waitress was excellent, and when we said we had to make it to the show, she hurried our order along and was just great.I had the Mexican style chicken enchiladas, and my son had some kind of beef chimichanga.   All were excellent.  Prices were reasonable, and the food seemed healthy, fresh and light.The view of the "canal" was also great, and we made our show on time.  I highly recommend it.
4	This was our first meal when we got to Vegas.  GREAT atmosphere, right by the canal.  Food was very very good - especially the crab cakes and the drinks!  Good service.  Loved the cilantro rice!
4	At the end of 2009's "SBC Goes to Vegas" epic comedy/tragedy, JMC, Cobber, and I spent one last day in Vegas, the start of which JMC led us to this spot overlooking the Venetian Canal. We imbibed carafe after carafe of a delicious sangria. I took note.This year, at the end of a traditional/annual BFF/coworker trip, Sarah E, Sarah M, KarKar, and I spent an extra day in Vegas, the start of which led us to this same spot for lunch, touting it's sangria. It did not disappoint my hazy recollection.We were quickly seated by the hostess, the restaurant/"patio" on the waterfront being sparsely occupied on a Tuesday afternoon. Julio, our server - an elder but spirited gentleman - came over with menus, introduced himself, and immediately prompted us for drinks to start..."A pitcher of sangria, please?""Excellente. Four glasses?"Yes, please. Thank you."With drinks on their way and requisite chips & salsa on the table, lunch/sustenance was in order. Both Sarahs ordered the Tres Tacos plates while KarKar went with lighter fare, having a bowl of the Corn & Green Chile Soup. I ordered the smoked chicken quesadilla, thinking it would be like... um, one big quesadilla, but they (3) were [pleasantly] more akin to grill flattened/pressed tacos.The Corn & Green Chile soup was flavorful! A bit of sweet from the corn, heat from the green chile, a hearty fullness of potato, and depth/salt from smoked bacon.The taco combination platters and the smoked chicken quesadilla plate satisfying and freshly flavored. Each taco was dressed with toppings complimentary to their filling - shredded chicken salpicon, mushrooms with queso blanco/fresco, and [grilled] fish with a pineapple salsa. The three palm-sized smoked chicken quesadillas are heavy with chicken and cheese. Both platters come garnished with a sharp and tangy serano slaw, black beans, and fresh flavorful cilantro rice.Back to what brought us here... the Sangria.Now its hard to tell (especially in Vegas) just how good/effective a sangria can be. It's *meant* to creep, right? (JM, Cobes, and I went 2-3 carafes not realizing the fade!) But I must say, the sangria here is good. Not too tart, not too sweet. Retains the silken feel of red wine and the warm flush of brandy is subtle. It's a slow ride into troubled waters. What a perfect way to ease into the crazy. Gimme more!Safe to say, for casual dining, good people watching, and a creeper of a drink, I'd gladly add Canonita to the yearly tradition._________________________________________________No, really. I have a note to myself on my phone from last year... "Must do Sangria again!"I don't remember writing it.
2	Good food but stay away from the Steak Tampiquena tougher than a rubber tire - toughest meat ever !!! Awesome Barbacoa
3	Great mexican fare, absolutely tasty and well executed. Great for lunch, not sure I would have dinner there, in the Canal Shoppes mall, unless you really want to see and hear the gondoliers on and on. A bit pricey for classic mexican food, no matter how good, so rating is set  at 3.
4	This place is awesome for the taste and the deal! Free refills on the 12 oz soda on the today's special!!
4	Delicious food and friendly staff. Sit "outside" overlooking the canal and listen to the gondola drivers serenading their passengers.I ordered the torta carne. Super soft bread, tender steak topped with cheese, salsa and sweet caramelized onions. The sandwich seemed huge and was accompanied by a giant pile of fresh mixed greens with a light house vinaigrette. It was all I could do to NOT eat every bite of everything I was served. We ordered chips & salsa to eat while we waited for our meals. Nice crisp chips, not greasy at all, and salsa with just the slightest kick to it.We had great service and great food. Affordable and tasty. Would definitely eat here again.
1	Wow, I've eaten here in the past and liked it. Went back recently and I have to say we (table of 6) had the worst service I've ever had hands down. Everyone at the table was looking around to see if maybe we were on candid camera or something it was that bad.
2	Terrible coffee. Like real bad. My friend's tres leches looked solid. And it offered a good view of the cheesy gondoliers at the Venetian.
4	I always have a good time there.  This is the place you just walk into when you feel like it.  I never made a reservation with this place before, I just walk in when I feel like having some good Mexican food in a nice casual comfortable setting.  The food is good.  Their roast pork, beef ribs and some desserts, they are all delicous.
1	I had been to this restaurant before, a couple of years ago, and we went again because of the ambiance and good food.This time food wasn't great, it was okay, and service was bad.We made a reservation for 6 at 8:15.  I was really hungry, so I suggested to the group that we go a little early to see if we could get in.  I know that on some occasions ( i.e. when restaurants are busy) that just doesn't work, which would have been fine.  However, there were a total of 3 tables occupied in the restaurant and when we walked up to say we were a little early, they looked at us like, "how dare you!"It then took about ten minutes for one man to set up 6 sets of utensils, while three other servers stood around. Also, the hosts didn't smile at all. Our server was nice and helpful about the menu, but the food and drinks still came out slower than we would have hoped.Finally, the reason I only give this place one star is because when I checked my checking account balance, my debit card was charged $16 more than it should have been!I don't know who's editing the tips on credit card receipts, whether it be the server, manager, whatever, but that's just really sheisty. I'm a server, and I have never tried to basically, steal money from someone on the 'tips' line.
4	kind of random for a mexican restaurant to be at the venetian...its definitely unexpected but a very nice surprise. i love that its right on the canal because you get to people watch and listen to the people singing on those boat rides. we were seated right away, our server was nice- he forgot to bring out water though, food was good, a bit more on the pricey side but expected. i ordered the pork tenderloin- very juicy and seasoned well. my friend ordered the ahi tuna- it was tasty but a bit on the salty side, she couldn't even finish it. we ordered the lobster and calamari cocktail and some chips and salsa for appetizers...both were really yummy. a pitcher of the pineapple infuzion margaritas were also ordered...they were really good. it provided a nice buzz as we left to go watch mystere. =P good experience over all. i would definitely come back...ooh and they have happy hour!
4	Aside from the fact that our server totally forgot about us, I sort of loved this place. The happy hour specials are pretty good. I highly suggest the taco sampler and margaritas. YUM!The ceviche was so fresh and clean tasting.
1	The food is okay..  But the service is terrible.  It took 7 minutes for them to bring our drinks... And thirty to get our food.  The server has only checked on us once.  The chips taste like they are out of the bag..  But hey The presentation is beautiful.  When you come to Vegas I think you should stick to the buffet.
4	VERY good mexican restaurant. BY FAR the best Ive been in Vegas. Had a grilled cheese with jalapenios with flour tortillas, a pink cadillac cocktail, filet mignon (with a side of shrimps and mushroom tamale) and corn creme brule. Everything was spot on. Very friendly staff .update: I went back on november-december 2011. Ordered the Zacatecas Chile Relleno. It was very very good.
4	When we first got there, we were a bit concerned.  It took a while just for anyone to acknowledge our table and they were not busy.  Once the waiter came, he was great after that.  I had a mango fresca margarita and it was perfect.  I even bought a sangria margarita to go.  Their guacamole is probably the best I've had.  The chicken enchiladas were delicious! My husband had the shrimp burrito and he enjoyed it.  I didn't have dessert because I had no room.  It's a great location on the end of the canal.  You hear every gondolier sing as they go by.
4	An extra star for letting allowing us to sit in close proximity  to the bar with my 2.5 year old and getting the happy hour rate for apps. Score! I was at the venetian for a conference and decided to meet up with some peers for a post conference drink and pre-dinner nosh. Try the horchata margeritia it was  a party in your mouth. Service was prompt,friendly and helpful. LIke many people stated the cerviche was fresh and clean.
5	Came back for apps and drinks for happy hour hopping....the salsa trios still on the happy hour menu  :) love this item!!!we also tried the 1/2 Steak 1/2 Chicken Quesadilla (also HHr menu)the Beef Empanadas (apps on regular menu) sweet and smoky yummdrinks were a blackberry margarita (beautiful and refreshing.. but very sweet) bf had a couple of this red hot mixed drink (not my thing but he had two.. ) we also had a few well drinks since couple bucks each.. our bartenders were awesome, didn't charge for the extra chip refills and made very strong drinks!  STILL haven't made it in for dinner!! but when i do it'll be the Santa Rosa barbacoa De puerco!!! guy down the bar from me had it and it looked unbelievable!!!!
2	The only reason this place gets two stars is because of their guacamole and cilantro rice. Otherwise-BOOOOOO!I was seated with a table of 12 of my coworkers for a team dinner.The waiter had already served drinks to the first arrivals but when the rest of us got there it was literally about 20 minutes before he came back again. From there it was just a service nightmare. I think this guy figured that it was a party of more than 8 so his gratuity would be just automatic. After that, he phoned it in.I asked for a veggie quesadilla-simple request-take your cheese one and add some peppers and onions. The server literally said "We won't have any veggies up any time soon other than potatoes." Most bizarre comment ever. I got an entree salad that had a few beans and tomatoes but other than that was a snooze fest.It took about 45 minutes to get our entrees and by the time it was all said and done, the entire ordeal was nearly 3 hours long. That was from seating to the completion of the meal-and believe me, it's not because all my coworkers felt like hanging out all night.Skip it!
5	Great food. Loved the Fajitas, shrimp burrito and the tacos. Good service, guacamole was very good too. Highly recommended.
4	I really wanted to find Mexican in Las Vegas, but there were so many places and reviews that we just came here since it was close to our hotel. Our waiter was Mexican, and had some good recommendations about what was good. He was very friendly and knowledgeable about eh menu. Also, I got enchiladas and they had 4 or 5 sauces to choose from based on spice-level. I got the mild mole and they were awesome! And even though it was $18, it seemed worth it since there were 3 of them, plus a huge heap of rice and beans. Given Vegas overpricing, it was definitely a decent value. The chips and salsa was $3 and good, so we didn't mind spending the 3 bucks. We didn't drink because we were too exhausted and dehydrated (1st day in Vegas- walked way too much!), but overall we were happy with our decision to try this place!
3	This place is situated along the Grand Canal Shoppes in the Venetian. My boyfriend's cousin recommended this place to us. Everything was pretty delicious. We ordered the ceviche trio for $16. They were interesting ceviches to say the least. They were served with these airy tortilla triangles. My boyfriend ordered the Mexico City beef enchiladas which came with black beans and cilantro rice. His plate was pretty tasty. But mine was definitely better. I ordered the wild mushroom enchiladas that came with beans and buttered rice. It was rich and decadent covered in this sinful green sauce. The mushrooms were soaked in this cream sauce that almost made me cry. I would come back here again for this dish alone.Overall, it is overpriced Mexican food but then again everything you get from a Vegas casino is priced beyond its worth.
4	Fish tacos are very goodGuacamole is fantastic although the tortilla chips seemed like something only slightly better than you'd buy at the supermarket, which really confused me as the tortillas for the tacos were obviously freshly made in house.Prices at lunch were reasonable by Vegas standards, dinner seemed high for what is essentially good-very good Mexican.
5	Found this place while wandering inside the Venetian. We asked a few people that worked at the Venetian about a good place to eat and a lot of them recommended this place. We got a table next to the "river" so we were able to watch the people on gondola rides while we dined. They have a great margarita selection and I remember getting the house margarita that had silver patron and it was really good. The food was excellent and the portions were quite big. I guess you get what you pay for over here. I was immediately in a food coma after I finished my dinner here!
4	Review:  Margaritas, chips, guacamoleSince we were in The Venetian and had just finished seeing The Jersey Boys, we were wanting a little late night snack.  We timed it just right at this place - 9:00pm to closing is Happy Hour and Margaritas are just $5!  Fresh ones too!  No mix.  Fresh lime juice.  Very well made.  We snacked on spicy guacamole and chips, as we sat at the edge of the canal watching the last of the evening's gondola riders go by.  We even witnessed a proposal take place in one of the gondolas!  Good server, very nice ambiance, delicious margaritas!
5	I love this restaurant/bar! It is inside the Venetian Hotel, above the gondola ride. The food is awesome, and so are the drinks. The Pineapple Infused Margarita is the best!
3	We ate here most every time we have been and mostly it's been consistent in quality and service. This time wasn't a major disappointment but we will question eating here again in the future. I had the Tres Tacos (fish, pork and mushroom). The pork taco was a bit to "porky". It just tasted like a low end taco shop taco in my opinion. The fish had an odor I cannot describe and while it wasn't offensive it wasn't exactly inviting. The mushroom taco was good and as always the cilantro rice was really good.
4	Above par food and drink for a Vegas Mexican restaurant. We always visit this place when traveling to Las Vegas, in fact we stay at Venetian so we can go even more. This place has a great stone bar wrapping around into the restaurant area where you can sit next to the Venetian canals and shops. Food is excellent quality and prepared fresh and it shows in the taste. The drinks are amazing, I never knew you could have a margarita so many ways. Highly recommend this to someone looking to get their margarita or Mexican food fix while in Las Vegas.
3	Located in the Venetian.  When I am in Vegas I often want to come here just to sit next to the water, hear the singing gondola men and to drink the sangria margaritas.  They are sooo good!  Oh, I the food wasn't that bad either :)
4	Just got back from another great trip to Vegas and I think we went to Taqueria at least twice while staying at Venetian. Bartenders are super cool friendly people, always helpful and attentive. Thoroughly enjoyed my Don Julio 1942 with their excellent chips and salsa. My girl is obsessed with their house made pineapple tequila infusion so much so that we attempted to make it our self at home. Great views too of canal and mall. We will always visit this place when in Vegas. Thanks for the great service Alex!
4	This was a perfect end to first day in Vegas last time I visited. A friend of mine had a conference at the Venetian (she is a teacher) and her principle generously allowed her to bring a friend. This lucky girl got to tag along (be jealous). The principle and his wife took my friend and myself out to dinner here our first night in Vegas. From the outside it looks like your standard mexican food type of place. However, there is something about sitting by the canal  that really transformed the experience for me. I didn't feel like I was eating at a chain place or even a run of the mill hotel restaurant. I had the slow cooked pork wrapped in a banana leaf. This was my first time ordering pork ever - and it was delicious. The portions were generous, and the cilantro lime rice was perfect. A very nice relaxing experience. I was truly able to relax and focus on the company I was with.
4	The guac was delicious and the view amazing.  I had to eat solo while attending a conference but the waitress was super attentive and made me feel very welcome.  Next time in Vegas, I'll be heading back.  The food was good, but I'm fortunate to eat a lot of excellent Mexican dishes.
3	As I was recently strolling the strip with my sister (as in literally walked from the Cosmo to the Venetian -- not an easy feat!), we got a little hungry and stopped by this place to get a snack.  I'll admit, I'm weary of some restaurants on the strip, particularly Mexican as it has always turned out to be a disappointing experience for me (i.e., Gardunos at the Palms, Isla at TI, Yolos at Planet Hollywood).I was pleasantly surprised to find a nice Happy Hour at this place (http://www.venetian.com/uploadedImages/The_Venetian/Content_Blocks/Restaurants/Casual_Dining/2011CANHappyHourPromoeBlast.jpg#zoom=100).  $3 well drinks and $5 classic and specialty margaritas from 3pm to 6pm and 9pm to closing.We had the $5 prickly pear margaritas, which were actually pretty good as well as chips and guacamole.  The guac was nothing to write home about but was decent.  However, the drinks -- and HH prices -- were excellent, particularly because it doesn't seem like many strip joints offer decent happy hour options.The restaurant is also along the fake Grand Canal, so the singing gondoliers are fun entertainment.
5	Excellent dinner. Second time here. We will be back again.
4	Best margarita I have ever had. Happy hour is great. Price is unbelievable
3	I'm only giving this 3 stars because I unfortunately didn't try the food but it looked delicious! Nice view of the Canal shops in the Venetian. They had Happy Hour each night with really good deals on Margaritas. Interesting unique flavors. Staff was nice and I'd definitely suggest it for drinks!
3	Being in Nevada, I was looking fwd to down and dirty tacos and gauc.  The restaurant is a little fru fru probably catering to tourists who want more ambiance than qlty.It's location is fabulous, right along the canals with the gondolas passing by.  Food was good, I had beef and chicken tacos, they were soft shell and didn't give an option for hard shell.  But it was ok...if you prefer more authentic, I think you need to go off the strip.
3	I don't love the location or the ambiance, but the food was actually pretty good. The guacamole was very good and I was surprised, but the posole was also very good. Overall, I didn't try anything I didn't like.
4	My wife ordered the pozole and I got the scrumptious shrimp burrito that came with black beans and cilantro dyed rice.  My wife who is a pozole aficionado said her pozole was better than home made. Drinks I got the signature margarita that packed a punch with single shot of premier tequila. Felt great after that drink.Chips came with fresh guacamole and salsa. Our service was serious not much of any smiles but he took our order with strict efficiency. Nice view of the gondolas passing under you and love the low noise level. Salsa is American style meaning it won't burn your tongue like the authentic Mexican hot salsa. Las Vegas style Mexican cuisine at its best.
2	I'm not one of those people who are too impressed by the fake sky and indoor canal in the venetian, so if that's interesting to you, you might enjoy this place more. I think the food here is good not great. We started with a queso appetizer and added jalapenos to it. It was just huge chunks of jalapeno and very little cheese and almost inedible.For dinner I had the five tacos. The steak and pork were great, the fish was meh. $5 house margarita for happy hour was nice. Good place to stop for a quick lunch but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
4	Nice spot for dinner! I was in town for the Vegas marathon and on an extremely tight schedule between flying in, checking into the Venetian, getting to the Expo and trying to grab a tasty dinner before heading to the Mirage to see "Love". I honestly thought, trying to fit in a sit down dinner at a decent restaurant with less than an hour would be insane. I made a reservation on line via open table days in advance and when I finally found Taqueria Canonita in the canals - there seemed to be a wait , by the time it was my turn in line I was seated immediately. I ordered guac, salsa and chips right away and a pomegranate margie. The guac and salsa were delicious! I ordered the Barbocoa by suggestion of my server and within a few minutes my plate was on the table. I understand the black beans, and cilantro rice are probably already made and I think the server said this pork is cooked for 4 hours... I'd only had a few sips of my margarita before ordering but can't recall, anyhow my plate was out SO fast. I literally thought, was this just sitting pre made in the kitchen already. It was very tasty and came with nice warm corn tortillas. I ate as much as I could and put the salsa over the rice - SO good! I wish I could have finished it all. Service was great. I would definitely return. Bill $43 before tip
3	I like this place for it's location and the related ambience.  I came here for happy hour which has reasonable drink prices but limited draft selection.  They had interesting cocktail offerings; however, nobody raved about their drink.  Looking over the menu, I would probably only return for happy hour.
3	Food's good, not great but good. Standout dish is the Barbacoa...seriously worth trying. My brother was served his shrimp burrito with shrimp tails still on the little guys, which made for a crunchy(not to mention inconvenient) experience. Cost is reasonable......for Vegas.The cocktails were very good, the classic margarita and the michelada were ordered several times at our table with no complaints. NOTE: they do a happy hour until 7pm on most nights, but only at the bar!! The happy hour price is nearly 50% off on the margaritas, if your looking to save a buck. If your not eating dinner, they serve drinks in TO-GO cups even at happy hour prices.....very nice!The best thing about this place is the location inside the Venetian, if you get a table on the "patio"(which means its not the bar area, hence not included in happy hour) you can sit right next to the water for the Gondola rides and listen to them sing(and watch the couples awkwardly stare at each other.... whilst taking their romantic trip in a circle..... through a hotel made to look like Venice, Italy) . It makes for a bit of a romantic dinner if your into that sort of thing, or at the very least some awesome people watching(im a fan). BOTTOM LINE: have a cocktail before seven, share an entree or the guaco and chips, sit back/relax and have a gander(or a laugh) over the lovely Gondoliers and their customers.
4	Wow, very amazing place! Great to just sit, relax, and enjoy people-watching/the gondola singers. Waitress was nice and gave excellent suggestions, and this is what we ordered:Chips and guac: Bf wanted side of guac for his burrito, and waitress suggested getting this ($8) as it comes with chips, salsa, and a big tub of guac rather than $6 for a tiny dish of it. She was right...salsa is AMAZING! Guac was plenty flavorful with a slight kick, and the chips were light, fresh, and salty yum! Not oily or heavy at all :)Chicken burrito: Yum. Came in a big plate with rice, lettuce/tomatoes, and black beans. Wet burrito...very filling and flavorful. It was a wonderful dish.Ceviche sampler: Came with a different type of tortilla chips...thicker and flaky with some seasoning. The crab-shrimp ceviche was AMAZING and the lemon added a zing to it. Ahi tuna/mango was very good as well, but you really need to mix it in the sauce otherwise it has a slightly fishy smell. The fish ceviche was okay, but rather plain and the oil really threw me off. The sampler as a whole was not bad though.I think the bf and I found a new restaurant for us to be regulars at! Very relaxing atmosphere, good food at a decent Vegas price....what more can we want? Only thing is that for happy hour, the well drinks (whiskey and coke for instance) comes in a super tiny cup...may not be worth it.
5	This place was absolutely delicious!  We went here on a suggestion from a friend and it did not disappoint.  The guac as previously stated is fresh and delicious, the margaritas and sangria were good, but the mojito was AWESOME!  The burritos were humongous and delicious and the chicken enchiladas were amazing!  I definitely recommend going here while in Vegas.
4	You wouldn't expect to eat good Mexican food in the Venetian but Vegas is full of surprises. I wasn't too hungry so I ordered the Tarascan Soup which was delicious. If you are hungry, definitely order the Pork Barbacoa. The pork is incredibly tender and everything is well flavored.
4	4.4 stars.Almost forgot to write a review about this place.  We were browsing the Strip and ended up in the Venetian during their Winter in Venice showcase.  We were hungry but didn't want to spoil our dinner that was in a few hours.  So we all ordered the Mexican Chopped Salad of grilled chicken, roasted veggies, smoked panela cheese in a beautiful Sherry-cumin vinaigrette (4.5 stars).  Along with margaritas (4.5) and great chips, salsa and guacamole (4.5), we were satisfied.  Service was prompt and pleasant (4 stars).  A rather interesting setting along the "Venetian canals" under a simulated wintry-blue sky.  Mexican food in "Venice".  There's a first for everything.Tally:Mexican Chopped Salad:  4.5 starsMargaritas:  4.5 starsChips/Salsa:  4.5 starsService:  4 stars4.5+4.5+4.5+4= 17.5/4= 4.4 stars.
4	This restaurant was a great surprise to me. I was attracted by the menu posted outside for the Mexican ingredients in the dishes that are less common in the US. The dish I ordered (lobster tamales, ceviche, huitlacoche) was artfully presented and well-balanced, without being pretentious. A nice combo of savory, acid, sweet and spice. Not only that, but I sat on the patio, along the canal, listening the gondola drivers with beautiful voices, enjoying an adult beverage. It encompassed all the culinary pleasures I was hoping for, as well as the Vegas kitsch that I expected.
4	For being located inside The Venetian, on the Canal, this place is pretty awesome.  $5 Happy Hour Margaritas.  $3 for Chips and Salsa and $8 for Chips, Salsa and Guac!  For this "neighborhood" that is a DEAL!The food was all very fresh and tasted great.  The cilantro rice has a really great fresh taste to it.  My wife and I both had enchiladas ($18 I think).  They were really tasty and it was really nice to be able to have a meal for less than $50+.I definitely recommend this place and will go there again next time I'm there.
2	Overpriced.... Not very flavorful ... Expensive drinks not a lot of alcohol... Iffy service... Only redeeming factor was location... Go somewhere else!
4	My husband had never been to the canal shops at the Venetian so we decided to check it out.  After walking around a bit, we decided to try out Taqueria Canonita.  We saw some empty tables directly on the canal and asked the hostess to seat us there.  She says that she has to check and walks off.  When she returns, she asks if we have a reservation.  We did not!  She tells my husband that he should have made a reservation to get a seat outside.  I pointed out the empty tables and she decided to give us one of those tables with hesitation.  Part of me wanted to leave but knowing that my husband was looking forward to it, I didn't say what was on my mind.Our waitress Catalin, came to our table as we sat.  She told us that the margarita was great so we decided to try it.  It really was great!We ordered...Guacamole - GREAT!!!Cabo Ahi - delicious!  Will be back for this again.Wild Mushroom Enchiladas - delicious!Everything we had was delicious.  Our waitress, Catalin was amazing!It was lovely listening to the singers on the gondolas.  It's a very romantic place for dates.Aside from the hostess with the bad attitude, it was a great experience.
4	We enjoyed this restaurant. It has a nice location along the canal inside the shopping corridors of the Venetian. There are not really any walls in the dining area of this restaurant but some tables are located under a roof of this restaurant while others are "outside" under the high blue roof of the Venetian.  The atmosphere is nice. It is somewhat loud because let's face it, you are basically in the middle of a mall.  The food was quite good with a variety of rather unique twists on traditional mexican food. The portions were adequate but not ridiculous.  Prices were typical of the Vegas factor - higher than what they should be for what you get but weren't outrageous.  I'd return to this restaurant.
5	Great place! I love the "outdoor" seating that's near the canal. Their portions are large and there are plenty of vegetarian options. The burrito is especially good and so is the guacamole. Their sangria is decent as well. You wont be disappointed if you dine here!
4	Fabulously strong $5.00 margaritas, awesome guacamole and chips and a wonderful setting made this a great night out with friends.  Dinner was great too!
2	I'm somewhat shocked that this place averaged 3 1/2 stars.  Coming from Los Angeles, I've had my fair share of Mexican food.  From the hole in the one senora style to even the finer dining version of Mexican restaurants, this place was not too shabby. First of all, the location is a hit. Right by the canal for viewers to watch gandolas go by, it's a perfect setting. Then, munch on some nachos with their salsa and guacamole while sipping on some fruity margarita, dinner seemingly sounds better.We feel the buzz from our delicioso margaritas so we go the high route and order the most expensive dish on the menu - the AZTEC BONE IN NY STEAK.  It came with the the crab cornbread with truffle butter.  Lets just say that the crab cornbread with the truffle bread saved this order because this side dish was worth going home to write about.  As for the steak, if you love overdosing on sodium or you just came out of a sweaty and exhausting basketball game, then this over salty steak is just for you!  For folks who don't crave that saltiness (that's me), I would not recommend this dish.  We had to ask for it to be redone and the waitress was extremely nice about it.  I can tell the chef or cook was snooty about this because the 2nd steak we got back had absolutely no flavor, just the meat itself.  You can tell easily what the chef was thinking when he was told that the customer didn't like his steak.I was a big fan of the cornbread.  If you think the cornbread is worth $37 and you have money to dispose, I would give this order a shot.And so what the steak came out overly salty and then the second one came out tame.  We had the salt from our margarita glasses that we used to pick and press onto our flavorless steak and made the most out of it.All in all, the cornbread, the margarita, chips and salsa and the setting was good.  Just not the salty and unsalty steaks.  If you're looking for a good Mexican restaurant in Vegas, try Border Grill at The Mirage.
4	Eating here was a bit of a happy accident. Our group of six was on the hunt for a brunch spot and didn't want to spend upwards of an hour waiting for a table. We also didn't want to admit defeat and eat at Denny's. We started looking for lunch instead of brunch, saw that Canonita was nearly empty on a Saturday a little after 11 am, and decided to look no further. I had no great expectations regarding authenticity (I would have gone to Tacos El Gordo for that) but I was optimistic that our meal would be reasonably tasty. I was right.As luck would have it, the special that day was a chorizo and egg burrito, so I got to have brunch after all. The massive, fork-and-knife burrito was served with cilantro rice and black beans. The beans were nice--mild and lightly sweet--and the rice had a refreshing quality about it. The burrito itself was very tasty (I mean, chorizo and egg, how can you go wrong?). My cactus margarita (made with puree of the fruit, not the paddle) was kind of dull . . . it could have been any margarita, really. My friends ordered a pitcher of some sort of pineapple infused margarita and that was a great choice. Incredibly sweet, but really good. No free table chips/salsa here, but it's Vegas so everything has a price. We ordered chips, salsa and guacamole and it was all very worthy.Although everything was tasty I'd probably only award three stars if it weren't for the canal-side seating and the fantastic service. I recognize that we were one of the only parties dining at the time so attentiveness should be a given but the attitude was superb as well, particularly when we managed to spill not one but two beverages (and that was before we started drinking!).
3	I've only been here for happy hour so I can't say too much. The food, eh! We had the queso with chicken and there was about one piece of diced chicken for i think $2 extra, that was a ripoff! The drinks here are pretty good for happy hour and they have it from 4-6 and 9-close (I think those are the hours)What keeps me coming back is the wonderful location has, and you can be asked to be seated along the water and watch tourists take the gondola ride!
3	I really don't like Las Vegas. There . . . I said it. I had to get that statement out before I typed another word.I am just not a Las Vegas kind-of-guy. The lights, the constant bombardment of second-hand smoke, the noise - I just don't like it.I do, however, make a couple of trips a year to LV for business. This past trip my team and I worked out of the Venitian and had a very full schedule. As such, we had no time to get "off the beaten track" to find good-eats in Vegas.The one meal we had that is worthy of a post is the Taqueria Canonita. The food is not great - but very good. The staff are wonderful. These was a wonderful person who helped us find our way around the menu. We had a working lunch and the server was so gracious in allowing us to linger and talk.If you are ever "stranded" on the Las Vegas strip - this is a place that will "tick the box" of the food experience . . . and not set you back too much cash.
1	This was the closest I've ever come to eating actual rope. The chicken was so dry I asked for box so I could use it to anchor my boat. After two thunderstorms, the boat and chicken-based boat device are both in tact.Additionally, all of the other purported "meat" used to fill taco shells were equally as unsavory.  However, none of the other fillings had anywhere near the tensile strength as the chicken-rope. Thanks taqueria canonita! PS - if you do have a need for cheap rope, don't plan on going here with others. You'll  end up paying for all of their chicken-ropes, as well. They do not split checks.
3	Canonita remains one of the better values on the strip.  We started with the pork empanadas. Then we had 2 salads, the Spinach n Manchego and the Mexican Chopped. Then we shared the Pork Loin Entree that comes atop a mixed mexican style vegetables with a spicy corn bread muffin served in baby iron cast skillet.  In short, food was great esp for vegas pricing and portions are super solid.  Problem here is service is so so at best, crappy at worst.  Servers here make less than their counter parts at other Venetian eateries and seem to punish you for it. Go for the food and prices, if ur server is crap from get go, ask for another server.
3	The Barbacoa was so-so, but the fire roasted salsa is excellent and the red sopa( not the Posole- the one that comes with the Prix Fixe) was the best thing we had here.  The restaurant was canalside, so the ambiance is festive and noisy.  The Tres Leches and Brownie are overrated, but the Peach Empanadas are very good.
3	Not bad, I went to a private party here, and the food was good enough to warrant a visit a few days later. The lunch was reasonably priced (for Vegas) and you get to sit on the canal. Overall everything was decent. The Chicken burrito had some kind of odd sweet sauce on it, but my wife liked it :)
4	It was my wife's birthday dinner, and we were seated right on the Canal at The Venetian, what a great atmosphere!!  I ordered the roasted pork and I have never tasted better.  The General Manager, Annaliza McKiiey made sure every part of our meal was great.  Everyone in our party raved about the authenticity of their meal.  We will go back to this establishment every time we are in Vegas!!!!
1	So..i guess if three people share 2 dishes, you get a side of a waiter with an attitude...thanks Jesus!That is all you get from me.
5	I have been to a lot of Mexican restaurants in Vegas and the rest of America but this place is up-scale.  Some real traditional Mexican cooking with good quality fresh ingredients.  You might have to listen to some tourists on the canal and some gondola captain singing, but the food is great.   Fresh flour tortillas, Pork Empanadas, with a fantastic red sauce.  Some of the best guacamole that wasn't all garlicy.  It was good and fresh.  Also had a fantastic vegy chile relleno with dried fruit, masa crust, wonderful roasted vegetables, rice and a great poblano sauce  and would be just fantastic if not for the goat cheese.  Why must I always have to eat goat cheese and butternutt squash in nice restaurants.  The salsa is a smoky variety with good chips and some fantastic queso or fundido.  This place has been around a long time and is really good.
4	I really love the food here. It's pricey - so expect to spend a good dollar for your meal. I've been to this restaurant a few times to celebrate birthdays, and really enjoy the food and ambiance. Here are few foods I love:Queso FundidoEnchiladasChips and SalsaGuacamolePork Belly TacoI'll likely be back next time I come back to Sin City...
3	Mexican food at an Italian themed hotel. That should have been the red flag :) Definitely not my favorite of my time in Vegas, but a decent meal. Not quite sure I'd give it only 2 stars, but it's not truly a 3, though their Cilantro Rice made me feeling generous. We started our meal with the following apps:Chips, Salsa and Guacamole. Salsa was good- fresh, hint of spice, tomato based salsa. The Guacamole...ok. I'm not too keen of tomatoes in my guac. I prefer it to be simple- garlic, lime, cilantro & onion, it was just ok.Queso Fundido w/ Chorizo- My fave of the apps- Slightly spiced, ooey, gooey cheesy dip mixed with crumbled chorizo sausage and served with warm tortillas. Yum!Pork Empanadas- Crisp pockets of shredded seasoned porkFor my main dish I chose the Tres Tacos with the Grilled Chicken, Grilled Fish and Crispy Pork Belly. The chicken was pretty basic- grilled citrus flavored chicken amply piled into the soft taco shell. The Grilled Fish- my least favorite- had an odd overly fishy taste. I didn't get sick from it, so I don't think it was bad, but it was poorly flavored. I'm not sure what they put on it, but perhaps they should just stick to some S&P and grill, leave it simple. The Crispy Pork Belly- well...it wasn't very crispy. I was definitely expecting something different. Something closer to a bacon texture? The Pork, with a nice smoky flavor, was tender but didn't have that crisp sear I was hoping for especially given the description, but still tasty. The highlight of this dish? The Cilantro Rice! WOW! I loved this stuff! What a great fresh, light taste! It had the familiar light and fluffy texture of mexican rice, but was tinged green from the cilantro and had this great herbaceous, savory cilantro flavor! Had I known about this rice, I would have nixed the beans for sure! This rice along earned it the additional 3rd star :) The service was friendly and the food came out timely though we did have to flag down our server to get refills. With a plethora of options in Vegas, I'll definitely pass on this one on my future visits, overall a 2.5 star review, but that rice! So delish, for me earned that extra 1/2 star.
5	This was an almost daily happy hour haunt for me on my week long Vegas voyage and I'm really upset I didn't get to eat an actual meal here. So this review is mostly for the bar.The happy hour is from 3-6pm and 9pm-close. $3 wells and beers and $5 margaritas and specialty drinks, one of which was a Long Island Iced Tea! There is a bartender who is there almost daily and while he is seemingly polite and friendly he is absolutely buried all the time. Hire this guy some help! And be nice to him, he works hard.The margaritas are pretty good, not quite as artisinal as some places but good ingredients and a nice amount of the strong stuff. The long islands are served in a short glass but have plenty of kick for the price. Just a great spot to start the day-drinking off right.The food I was lucky enough to try was awesome. The salsa is made with roasted chilis and has an amazing depth of flavor. Some of my favorite ever. The queso is ridiculous. Get it with the jalapenos and bask in a bowl of awesome cheese. I do wish they gave you more tortillas with it. If you combine it with the salsa you will not be disappointed.Everything else on the menu sounded really awesome and I will have to eat an actual meal here on my next trip out. It's a favorite.
4	Great place with good ambience.  Had the Chile Relleno.  Probably more authentic that I expected, had more soft cheese and had dried fruit inside the chile.  Tasted great but was expecting maybe the more of just the cheese inside.  Still, the flavor was very unique and good.  Their margaritas are awesome, good variety.  Guacamole is perfect, as is the Queso Fundido. Good sangria also.
4	Got to sit at a table by the canal which was fantastic.  Got there for happy hour and enjoyed some "cheaper" drinks.  Had chips, salsa and some guac.  All were very good.  The main course was OK, nothing fantastic.   The black beans were tasteless and not worth more than a bite or two.  They also served the meal with this cilantro rice, which I found myself self eating even after I was full.  It was unique and very good.
3	This canal-side Mexican restaurant used to be a favorite of ours, but it seems to have gone downscale. The chips are no longer served with a tower of various salsas, and the food is now unremarkable.
5	Incredible Mexican food. My wife and I come here every time we are in Vegas and have never had a bad experience. We always go for lunch and sit along the canal so that we can watch and listen to the gondoliers. Margaritas are great and we typically order a pitcher of the Canonito Margaritas. Pork Barbacoa, Filet Mignon, Vaquero ribs, Mussels are all to die for and you are just about guaranteed that your meal will be of top quality for a very fair price. Wait staff is nice and attentive; the only drawback is the receptionists; they seemed to be preoccupied with anything other than tending to the customers.
4	The food is definitely just at 3 stars here, but the look and feel of this restaurant, overlooking the faux canals at the Venetian, pushes this place into solid four star territory. We had a mediocre chicken ceaser, a taco sampler that was good and filling, and the shrimp burrito that was very good. The best part however, was the cilantro rice. Oh yes. The brownie dessert was also rather indulgent and I could have had another.Service was just ok, our waitress seemed a little timid and checked on us only once or twice, but it was fine, the manager made a round that compensated for it. This was the least expensive of our dinners in Vegas, but we enjoyed it thoroughly. It was also a leaner tab as we were done with drinking by that point. I'd go back, but maybe only for an appetizer and a drink. Happy Hour would be good here.
1	I never thought a little cafe would turn me off from ever going to the venetian ever again but this place did the job. From the 21 year old rude as hell hostess to the little boy man who told us we had to move to another table to the Nazi waitress, my days here are over.
3	Portions are generous.  Wine list needs some work.  But then, I'm sure people don't normally come to a Mexican restaurant expecting good wine matches.  I would like to see some improvement there.  Great ambiance on the "open air" balustrade that allows you to enjoy the gondoliers at close range.  Excellent guacamole.  I was very impressed with the duck rellenos (the creamy orange sauce was a great play against the green chile) and the mussels, shrimp and chorizo skillet really won me over.  The sauce was so beautiful, I could have eaten it on shoe leather!  Wanted to immediately go home and try to recreate both dishes.  Mexican food is not usually my first choice when out of town (we live in Texas) but we chose this restaurant because of the proximity to the canal.  Service was very good.  Nicely surprised about the food.  Upscale and beautifully presented.
2	We ate here last Saturday night.  We were really disappointed in our meals.  The service wasn't great, either.   I think the location is what is keeping this place in business.
4	Great food right by the canal inside the Venetian Las Vegas.  Wonderful service and a fun experience.
4	My husband would scoff at a 4-star rating for this restaurant, because he thought his steak fajitas were way too chewy and cheap tasting. However, I thought for $22 per person, the prix fixe was an excellent value. Chips, guac and salsa? Delicious. My chopped salad was also great, although his tortilla soup wasn't as appetizing (it's not the broth-based soup you're using to seeing at restaurants). I thought the steak fajitas were fine for the price. Three leisurely courses seated on the canal, watching tourists pretend they're glad they spent $60 to float in a fake boat in two feet of water. That's Vegas!
3	The setting here is fantastic, overlooking the faux canals of the Venetian with gondoliers rowing past and giant ceilings painted as the blue sky. I just wish the food here was as good. The service was efficient but the meal itself was on the bland side and lacked the flavors and spices that I would have expected from someplace billing itself as a taqueria. The salsa did not have any kick to it. The meat in my tacos seemed as it had been cooked and then left in a heating device before it was served. The tortillas were at least fresh and fluffy. It was not a bad meal overall, but it could have been better.
3	Not great, not bad. Let's call it a little better than average.
1	Service was terrible. Our server was completely inept, requiring constant reminders for the simplest of requests (e.g., a glass). The food was borderline at best - bland and unremarkable. Overall, the experience will not be bringing us back.
4	After not being able to get a reservation at any of the restaurants at the Belaggio and fighting the crowds, I went on Yelp to find nearby restaurants.  We found this lovely place inside the Venetian Hotel and made an online reservation.  They sat us near the canal, which was lovely.  It was nice and quiet compared with the crowds in other parts of the hotels.  The food was tasty and my dish delicious.  My wife and daughter truly enjoyed as well!
3	This is a solid, but certainly not fantastic, dining experience that is enhanced by being adjacent to the canal at Venetian.  We always get the 3 taco plate, which I guess is as close to a "bargain" as you can get on the strip.  My favorites are fish and pork, with the pork having a very good pineapple salsa.  The queso fundido has been an appetizer we go back to several times over.  The chorizo is a good addition, but can be greasy, so be advised.  Also, the cheese hardens fairly quickly, so this is an appetizer I wouldn't linger over.Standard Mexican beer selection and some margarita choices.  It's a fun way to not lose your shirt on dinner on the strip.
5	First, was our waiter Joey.  He was amazing.  I have never had a waiter go as out of their way to make a meal a fantastic experience.  He offered great guidance on choices and was just all around amazing.  A special thanks to him for a great time.  The setting is very pleasant on the canal shops in the Venetian.  The table salsa was smoky and delicious.  Joey suggested a particular Tequila flight was was fun to experience the differences between the Tequilas.  All of the food was great.  For me this was 4 1/2 stars but Joey made it a 5 1/2.  A great stop if you are ever looking for a casual spot in Vegas.
2	Came to Vegas for SHOT show and subsequently never left the Venetian.  Taqueria Canonita, you would  think being so close to the border and with so many people coming from LA to Vegas, they would have some great Mexican food.  I ordered the Santa Rosa Pork Barbacoa at the recommendation of the waiter.  As my stomach churned for that slow cooked, delicious pork, I was greeted with a fairly bland and very dry pork.  I would have been better off with Chipotle's barbacoa than what Canonita served up.  The empanadas that were ordered for the table were far from crispy and the guacamole that came with the tortilla chips were not fully mashed.  Far too many errors for a sit down restaurant to be any good.  On the plus side, the tequila helped me forget the awful food.
3	We used open table to book a nice dinner for three, toward the end of a 12 day stay in Vegas.  My sisters and I really enjoy Mexican food, and the place was a lovely treat.  Although it's TOUGH to find it in the mix of all the other stores and restaraunts.  Overall a lovely meal, and 5$ cocktails were a nice surprise. :)
4	Whenever I go to Vegas, I always want to eat here.  Yes, yes, I know that Los Angeles should have better Mexican food than Vegas, and I have to say that most of the time, it does.  However, there is one particular dish here that I ALWAYS get, so although I may not be the best judge in determining if this restaurant is particularly good overall, at least I know one thing...their barbarcoa plate is DEEEEELICIOUS!  I mean, I have tried bites of other items on their menu from people that I'm eating with, and they all seem pretty decent, however none of them have compared to the barbarcoa.  It's so tender that no knife is needed; the meat just falls apart when poked gently with the fork.  It comes with cilantro rice, which is really good too, black beans, which I don't really eat cuz I'm simply not a fan of beans, and tortillas.  They also have strong, but tasty drinks here, and the servers have always been nice.  And, you can pretend you sitting outside a Venetian restaurant because its right by the gondola ride.  What more can you ask for?!?
2	I ate here on a whim because I was hungry for Mexican and wanted to eat next to the Canal in The Venetian.  This looked like it would fit the bill.  Despite no reservation, we were seated in short order next to the Canal.  Appetizer consisted of chips and salsa with guacamole (which more than tripled the price of the appetizer); the reader can decide if this is worth the cost.  It was perfectly adequate but nothing special.  I ordered the chicken burrito, which I assumed would be much like most standard burritos.  What I failed to discern were the words "barbecue sauce" in the description.  And yes, it was absolutely smothered in KC Masterpiece.   To me, this was totally inedible.   Fortunately my daughter's fajitas came with extra corn tortillas, so I could cobble together something salvageable with the innards of the BBQ burrito.  Needless to say, this was not a $30 quality meal.  With 50+ restaurants in The Venetian, you can eat far better than this.
3	Hungry and craving Mexican food in the Venetian? This is a pretty good place to go. The portions are big and the restaurant itself is nice. It is right next to the canal so you can wave at the gondolas going by. I agree with the other guy. The food was solid.  We ordered the carne asada tacos which came with 3 tacos and a side of rice and beans. It was good, but we weren't raving over it. THE POSOLE THOUGH. It was my first time having Posole (I was surprised it was green) and it was really tasty. My friend knows her food and she loved it as well. We kept wanting to go back for more Posole, but didn't have the chance to.
5	Cute little Mexican eatery right along the canal. We asked to be seated at the table right by the water. Very quiet and it was fun to watch the gondolas float by. Not your traditional Mexican food but very tasty nonetheless. The waiter was really nice and had a very down to earth attitude. He even brought us a sample of their guacamole, which was delicious. I ordered the Tres Tacos and my husband ordered the chicken mole. The mole was exquisite and did not look like any of the mole dishes we've seen. It looked like a more "fine dining" version. Decent prices for being in the Venetian. We would definitely go back here.
3	Classic margarita was 100% agave with housemade mix.  Too sweet, but adjusted to my taste on request.  It lost some flavor in the process.  Certainly not the worst margarita i've had, and it was only $5.  Wild mushroom enchiladas were nutritious and delicious, if not scrumptious.  Pinto beans were a tad undercooked, but in a positive way that added nice texture.  Lots of interesting pork options for next time.
4	Great food and service.   The flautas were amazing.
3	nice spot by the canal, decent food at a reasonable price and good margaritas.
4	They put crack in the salsa That's the only rational explanation Because its not the chips, I've had better, and looking at the salsa its nothing special, looks like some regular old fire roasted fare. But then you taste it, damnnnnn, before you know it you're on your third cup of it. I've been coming here every Vegas trip for years, they must have a high turnover as far as staff goes becuase I don't recognize one person each time. Its a little cheesy watching the singing gondolas go by while you're drinking overpriced Don Juilio Real and munching on the chips and salsa, but hey its Vegas. Back to the salsa, because as far as the food goes, we're spolied in L.A., we get better mexican food at little holes in the wall and at home than we do in these high end joints. It seems like they've kicked the salsa up a notch in recent years, still gabacho friendly but with a little bit more of a kick.
5	We will become regulars here very, very soon.We like to go to restaurants and eat a few bites here and there, plus a good signature cocktail, wine or beer. Taqueria Canonita satisfied every taste bud possible.We ordered: Sake to Me (Sake, Tequila, Horchata and Cinnamon), Chips, guacamole and salsa, and then two chicken tacos, one beef taco, one pork taco and one fish taco. Before I told the waiter, Ishmael, that I was gluten free, I asked if the tacos came with corn tortillas. This one comment lit a lightbulb and he knew I was gluten free and just a list of knowledge came from his mouth. He told me I couldn't have this or that meat because it is marinaded in beer or soy sauce (without checking with his chef/manager), that I can have the flautas, but they're fried with glutenous items, that the chips were safe because they were corn and that we must have the guacamole. WOW. Normally I love guacamole that burns and cools all at the same time. Taqueria's guacamole was excellent, and that's without them asking if we would like it mild, medium or spicy. I didn't care that it didn't burn, it was fresh and delicious. The salsa had a healthy kick but the lime and cilantro added great flavor to the chips and tacos. The drink? Wowzers. Not too sweet, not too savory, not a strong taste of alcohol but it definitely had a punch. Creamy but still silky without being too rich. I will try to replicate this drink at home until my dying day.The tacos. Ohhhhh, the tacos. I wish I had ordered five of the fish tacos with a beautiful mango salsa, grilled and blackened and oh so happy. The chicken tacos were made of white AND dark meat (necessary)and were tender and flavorful and were topped with cilantro and onions. My husband could have eaten the beef tacos all night (not gluten free), and he said they were some of the top beef tacos he's ever had (and we eat far too many tacos). The pork tacos did not ignite as much excitement, but he still enjoyed them just the same. All of them were wrapped in homemade, thick, warm corn tortillas which made my world go round that night. All in all, we will be back. If you're gluten free, get over here now. Great environment, try to sit on the patio which rests alongside the canals in the canal shoppes so you can hear the beautiful singing of the gondoliers and relax under the beautiful Venetian skies.
4	Mexican food in an Italian themed resort. Sure, why not!Came here at a recommendation of a coworker and sure glad I took his suggestion. The place was mellow for a Friday lunch. Grab a spot "outdoors" so you can pretend you're in Venice as the gondolas float on by.We ordered the beef tacos and chicken fajitas entrees. Each comes with that addicting cilantro rice in that bright green hue. mmm...I could just eat that rice nonstop, and not because I'm Asian! The beans where meh. But, but...their beef and chicken were marinated just with the right spices which made the entrees so delish, both of us were borderline licking out plates. Oh, and you can't get Mexican food w/o a Margarita. Hot damn..those were divine...
3	Wife had fond memories of the food here being delicioso so while in town we stopped by. We were seated immediately well not immediately there was some confusion with the staff as they circled each other searching for purpose. Our server was pleasant but there were gaps in delivery. For instance we asked for onions and tomatoes on the side and the tacos were delivered with them right on top. Luckily, the onions were big chunks that could be easily removed. We ordered an avocado, since there guacamole is made in the morning, not fresh to order. The avocado was delivered late and keep in mind this is just avocado in a bowl not a fancy presentation.The salsa was salty and not that interesting.With all of the above why am I rating a 4 ... because the tacos were delicious! We ordered a trio: pork, chicken, and beef. Good stuff.Keep in mind you're in Vegas and everything on the strip is more than off the strip. So don't complain about the prices ;)
3	Carne asada was chewy, but the corn tortilla cheese foundation was quite tasty.  I opted to not go for the cheese on top of the steak, but the sauce was good as well.I did enjoy the tea, which had a passion fruit flare to it.
4	Pleasantly surprised. Although not on the menu, I managed to order a spicy margarita. This is one of the best margaritas I've every had. For this spice loving girl, it came across powerfully spicy while still maintaining a margarita taste.  The pork barbacoa was a hearty well seasoned portion that properly pulled apart with ease. The salsa was a perfect slightly spicy thin consistency. Only the gauc and lack of tinga style chicken knocked this review down.
4	The pork barbacoa is incredible. So tender, so good. I've had better guac, but it was pretty good  with a little kick. The Venetian is cheesy but super fun.
5	This was the first restaurant we ate at during our most resent visit to Las Vegas.  We ate outside near the canal - so you could see the gondola rides and hear them sing.  It was an AMAZING atmosphere!We ate chips and guacamole and split some chicken tacos, they were so tasty! The chips are warm and fresh, the guac was so good you could eat it with a fork. The best part was the red sangria...i wish I could find the recipe!!! This is a great, relaxing restaurant -- you MUST eat there!
1	The just alright: After a 14+ hour work day, we came here to get a quick meal before bed.  I wasn't too hungry, so I just ordered chips and guacamole.  The guac was serviceable and had a bit of a spicy bite to it.  Another coworker got the stuffed chile relleno, which she didn't even eat half of (said it wasn't all that great).  The very bad: My other coworker got food poisoning after eating here.  He was up for hours later that evening puking his guts out.  (I'm pretty sure he got the carne asada.)The moderately bad:This is a really annoying place to eat if you just want peace and quiet.  We were seated "outside on the patio" which really means "inside the building but they painted the ceiling to look like you're outside."  The gondolas go right by you, which I suppose could be a touristy thing to see, but it's painful when you've been working all day and someone boats by 2 feet away shout-singing in your ear.All in all, I"d never go back here.
3	The place is good to take family and friends who want something a little different in the Venetian. It's over-priced, but what place isn't at the Strip. The food is good, but it's nothing to rave about. I had a salad, which was excellent, but it wasn't unique or excellent.
1	my friends and i stopped by after being recommended to go there and right away we realized the service was horrible. multiple tables were seated after us and they received not only their food but checks before us. in between our dishes the waitress took over 35 minutes and once we ordered came back to tell us 30 mins later that a certain dish was not available. i have 2 friends that are vegetarians and they were not allowed to swap out for other meals. the pepsi we ordered came out flat without carbonation. they also said that the dishes on their menu can change from time to time. I WOULD DEF. TELL YOU NOT TO GO, ESPECIALLY NOT WITH A GROUP. the full meal took close to 2 hrs and we were the first table seated when they opened. horrible!!!!!!!!
4	I was surprised to find a Mexican restaurant in the middle of an Italian styled/themed atmosphere. We rushed on over to be seated right away! We were seated immediately right by the river so we got to see/experience the Gondola's float by as well as listen to the amazing songs of their driver. Luckily we arrived during happy hour and was recommended by our waiter to try their margaritas; so I ordered one while my boyfriend stuck with water and Sprite. It didn't take long to get our drinks either; I'm a super fan of speedy and professional service. =)Dishes: I ordered the Mexico City beef enchiladas and my boyfriend ordered the Carne Asada Nortena. Our appetizer was the pork empanadas. Dessert was their famous tres leches. Everything was divine! The cilantro rice was flavorful and the carne asada was rich and tangy. Yum yum yum!Only downside is the location of restrooms; it's by the food court. It's not a bad/far walk but kinda strange. The food though was excellent, the service was quick, and the ambiance was fun and relaxing. If we're in the area again, we'll be back!
4	I love their chunky, spicy salsa.The food is really good.Sit right next to the river where gondolas pass by.Great happy hour deals on house margaritas.The go to place for a Mexican craving on the Las Vegas Strip.
3	Good enough Mexican food at reasonable (for the Vegas Strip) prices. The location on the canal is very entertaining. I recommend the Watermelon margarita and recommend against the raspberry one.
4	Holy crap. Some of the best filet mignon I've ever tried, and I'm a steak fan who usually avoids the stuff in favor of more flavorful/fatty cuts like ribeye.  I wasn't expecting much from ratings, but I was quite surprised. It's a good size for filet, very tender but flavorful, not dry at all.  Cooked to a perfect med rare. Unfortunately it was about a 40 min wait to get it to go.  Um, well worth it.edit: went to Craftsteak the next day and got a ribeye for $$$.  This was miles above on both flavor and texture.  Cannot trust yelp reviews anymore e_e
1	The service was spotty and the stoic waiter only challenged the situation. As mentioned by a previous review - a Mexican restaurant in an Italian themed hotel should have been enough warning. My wife ordered a salad and it had browned edged iceberg lettuce and 5 bits of chicken.  My grilled chicken breast dinner came cut in fajita style.  My chicken was bland, tasteless and cold. I paid extra for two Patron tequila margaritas and got 2 virgin slushies. This locale needs to understand the value of friendly service, proper food presentation and pride in customer service.
4	We were just here for drinks, but they were some damn good drinks!! I'm not even a margarita person, but the pineapple infused tequila... YUM! You can tell that the ingredients are fresh, and the service was fantastic. Shout out to Alex--he was a great bartender!
5	The view is gorgeous- white sangria is delicious, warm chips and salsa were soo good. Does it get much better?I went yesterday for my birthday, our server was excellent and brought me a free shot to celebrate. I left completely stuffed! The chicken fajitas were incredible! I definitely had a food baby when I put on my dress to go out that night...
1	POOR SERVICE: It took a very long time for the waiter to greet us and get drink orders. We received silverware that was not cleaned. Once we ordered our food the waiter never once came to ask us if we needed anything. We ate out entire meal without any refills of our beverages. When we discussed our concerns with the manager, his only response was sorry.
1	I attended a client appreciation reception for an ed tech company at the Canonita a few weeks ago. Our group had the run of the "outdoor" seating area right next to the canal. The atmosphere and wait staff were pleasant - those are the only positives I took away from my experience at this restaurant. Since the reception was small and casual, I had the opportunity to try their margaritas and a few appetizers/finger foods. Their margaritas, while potent, were a little bland, and the appetizers were over cooked,  flavorless, and uninspiring. The experience did not make me want to frequent the establishment again.
5	Great place to grab a good burrito!This is an awesome restaurant.  The food is amazing.  Portion sizes were great & the atmosphere was amazing.  While having dinner we witnessed a proposal in a gandola.. The outdoor seating gives it a romantic, elegant atmosphere.  The staff is friendly and truly dedicated to their customers.  Ensuring the best quality of service!  Great place to dine!
5	We went there with a party of 13 for lunch.  Food was good.  Menu had a lot of choices.  A free appetizer - warm chips w/ fresh salsa and guacamole - was also served.  This was DELICIOUS!  I think we got a few "refills" before our orders arrived.  We found out afterwards that the restaurant made their own chips on the premise.The service was excellent.  When our waiter found out that it was my Mom's birthday, he promptly gave her a tequila when drinks were served.  At the end of lunch, he gave her a surprise dessert with happy birthday written on the plate.  Last but not least, he gave us more chips as take-out free of charge.The restaurant was right on the Grand Canal level.  So even though we were inside, it felt that we were "outside" when we were seated at the "patio."  All in all, very excellent eating experience and highly recommended.
5	Awesome place... Nice ambience.. Perfect food
1	The tortilla soup was more like a mole dip.  I sent back my chicken Ceasar salad because something just didn't taste right about it.  Cutting my losses.
5	Ate a late dinner there and had excellent enchiladas!  The rice and beans were very good too!  I loved that they had a happy hour starting at 9 pm with  delicious $5 margaritas.  I will go back on my next visit to the Venetian.
4	I tried an ahi tuna dish that was very good.  I also ordered the salsa and chips as well as guacamole, all of which were fantastic.  It's pretty entertaining watching gondolas float by with the occasional serenade.Happy hour 3p-6p and 9p to close.
4	Wife and I went here for happy hour - I ordered a classic margarita and a maple whisky cocktail (the name of the latter drink is lost on me), she ordered a non-happy hour mojito, and we split a tres leches cake (which we ordered later into our time at the restaurant). Service was prompt - we were seated immediately, by friendly employees. The waiter was very attentive - was proactive about bringing us water after I had finished my first round of drinks - a very nice plus. Drinks were fine - nothing special, and on the weaker side, but still good. Waiter asked us multiple time whether we wanted to put in food, which, being from New York felt a little pushy, but it was also towards the end of the night, so it probably had to more to do with the place closing soon, than being pushy. Anyway, we ordered dessert towards closing, a tres leches cake, which was again, was good, but not necessarily the best tres leches cake ever. For the hour we were there between 10 to close at 11pm, it was nice to sit by the fake venetian canal, enjoy some solid drinks, talk and relax. It's a worthy place to relax in the late evening, especially if you aren't trying to get drunk.
4	Nice mid-priced option for good food and fun atmosphere.We sought this restaurant out on a recent visit to Vegas because we both remembered it fondly from independent visits to Vegas years ago. It continues to be a nice, mid-priced option for good food and fun atmosphere. You aren't dining in Vegas's finest here, but you also aren't paying for that. It's in the mall part of The Venetian. Think of it as an excellent, mid-priced lunch option as you move about the strip. The restaurant juts into the canal that the gondoliers come down. A major 'stop and sing' point for them is right where you dine, separated by just a railing over the water. The chicken mole was amazing according to my husband. My slow-roasted pork (in a banana leaf) was ok. The speciality drinks were good. I really enjoyed the pina, served in a coconut, but felt it was a small amount of liquid in the actual drink.
5	We hosted 25 friends for my wife's birthday party at Canonita Taqueria over the Labor Day weekend.  Everyone from the busboys to the waiters to Michael, the manager did everything right and made it a memorable event.  The food was amazing and the margaritas were deceptively potent.  Everyone went away happy (and buzzed).  We couldn't have been more pleased.
4	This is a decent Mexican restaurant with great staff and a relaxed environment. We had some wonderful beef enchiladas and a nice dining exerience.
4	Review #700, I'm taking it on the road! Canonita is well worth the trip. Of course, if you're staying at The Venetian, it's as close as the gondolas. Came here for a party and was delighted from the word 'Go'. Mind you, I kinda stopped with the Mexican food thing because it's so often so mediocre (and that's in any city). And, truly, not the healthiest. But Canonita blew up both of my prejudices.* Margaritas. Yes, very tasty and potent without knocking me over. Enjoyed the balance of sweetness to citrusy tartness. Mmm. (And they gave us cups for when we later taxi'd off to Karaoke.)* Chips and guac. The chips were tasty, with just enough crisp and just enough salt, and certainly no oily residue. The guacamole was damn good -- thick and tasty, without a lot of mysterious ingredients. Straightforward and delish. *Filet Mignon was my choice (could have also gone for Salmon or a chicken dish). Lovely 8 oz I think was the weight. Don't bother requesting a temp for your meat, because the kitchen really doesn't think know what's best. Happily, we were of the same mind in term of heat: Medium Rare and loving it. Wonderful flavors that I frankly can't recall (I mentioned the margaritas, right?). If you at all interested in steak, this is a worthy choice for your entree.I must say the dessert was fine, but anticlimactic. Really not necessary. However, I did have a brownie sundae which definitely didn't hurt anything - except maybe my waistline.Service was pleasant and attentive without being all over us. Water was refilled as necessary, which for me, is fairly often. Overall, I was most surprised that the Yelp reviews seemed so unenthusiastic. I would absolutely recommend Canonita, and if you do sit 'outside' by the gondolas, you don't even notice them. Gracias! Muchas gracias!
4	Had a great meal here, and managed to get a seat next to canal, which made it even better. Service was great, particularly with my wife's lactose allergy.
4	Reservation through yelp was a breeze. Got a seat beside the river/ gondola rides. Best to reserve such seats ahead. Back to the restaurant. Ambience was great what with the gondolas going by with their magnificent serenades. Food came after a short 10 to 15min wait. Ordered the chicken quesadilla, good sized portion. Tasted great.My partner had the mahi mahi, fish was cooked to perfection, not overcooked. Rice was not soggy despite being in the broth. Service staff warmed up through dinner. Initial welcome was a tad curt and tight faced, but it all went well specially when the restaurant manager went on his rounds. :-) Affordable, mid-priced restaurant found quaintly im the venetian!
1	1 star is too much for this place. No flavor, lack of seasoning, & low quality ingredients are the reoccurring theme at this overpriced Resturant .  First off , They charge you for chips n salsa which is free at virtually every Mexican Resturant . The salsa is bland & no flavor.  The ceviche trio was NOT fresh n we had to send back. The Chef try's to get too creative with his ceviche recipes as one is more disgusting n lacking flavor or seasoning as the next.  Way overpriced fajitas , which once again had zero flavor , no seasoning and very low quality meat (steak). They basically give u about 7-8 pieces of very fatty meat and load up on the vegetables and get u for $18. The chicken quesadilla literally smelled like that stuff u find between ur toes. We basically ate almost nothing and they credited us for most of the food. When the waitress agrees that the quality had gone done hill fast , it's never a good sign. Would never go back even if they comped the entire meal . I'm embarrassed for this place and the Mgr. seems so aloof to the problems . There are way better places to eat in Las Vegas for the same $$ , don't waste ur time n money at this place.
4	Just OK Mexican food. I had the 3 ceviches off the appetizers, the chips and salsa, and the tres leches cake. The ceviches were good except for the mahi one. The chips and salsa were really good and a great value for just $3 (even though I think all Mexican restaurants should serve this for free). The tres leches cake was kind of disappointing. I love tres leches cake and I know how to make a very good one and this one was kind of dry and not as spongy as it should be. The best part about this place is happy hour. Margaritas are $5 and well drinks are $3. That's great for Vegas prices! Also, the location of this place is cool--right by the cannel. In other words, come for happy hour.
5	My wife and I visited  Canonita once again and had a great experience. Mussels and shrimp appetizer, beef ribs, pork barbacoa, margaritas. All great. The waitress was a bit too busy however it was not to the extent that we were not taken care of. a couple times the dirty plates were left on our table too long which is a problem as the tables are very small. Great food and drink.
3	It's nothing out of the ordinary. Basic mexican food at a reasonable price. But the drinks are very good and have some unique names. I would not recommend it unless you're starving
4	My BFF had her wedding reception here because of the "outdoor" dining, great prices and reputation and this place didn't fail to deliver. Loved the great / original selections of pesca/lacto-ovo menu items. Only complaint was the overrpriced margs but that's Vegas for ya! Would def go again.
4	The good is really good. Hubby and I staying at the Venetian resort. We had a show at 8pm so decided to eat in the hotel after. This place hit home. The guacamole was awesome. Chips were a but yo heavy for me but tasty.  Salsa was good. Chicken burrito was good with the cilantro rice I was happy with u choice. Hubby had some pork which he ate all of.
5	The wild mushroom enchilada comes with a cilantro cream sauce that will move the earth for you. Fresh margaritas...chips and caramelized onion salsa plus a terrific mole chick tortilla soup!!!!!! Wow
5	We were staying at the Venetian and this restaurant had a coupon for 2 for 1 margaritas so we gave it a try. We started with the chips, salsa and guacamole which was very good. 2 of us shared the carne asada and eating too many chips and it was plenty. Our waiter was very good! We'll be back.
4	Lovely location on the Canal.  Classic margaritas are tangy with fresh lime juice, some of the best I've had. Queso Fundido comes with freshly made tortillas. A bit heavy on the fresh cilantro, but that may just be me. Hubby loved the mushroom enchiladas, I somewhat enjoyed the shrimp burrito. Shell was drier than I'm accustomed to in a burrito, but the filling was good. The cilantro lime rice was fresh and well-cooked.
4	We found this restaurant while walking around the Venetian hotel last week. It was a delightful surprise. It was delicious! I had the beef and chicken fajitas. They were really enjoyable. The only item I missed was cheddar cheese. I never understand why some reataurants don't include cheese with fajitas but they were still great. It came with yummy guacamole and rice and beans. My friend had I think a shrimp burrito. She loved it! It was huge!I also had a margarita with Grand Marnier. It was one of the best I have ever had. Our server was very nice but I had to repeatedly ask for simple things like ice. It was annoying. He also never asked how we were enjoying our meal.It was a delicious meal and would have loved the chance to go back during my stay at the hotel. Prices were reasonable as well. Definitely recommend it!! I would have given it a 4.5 if I could have....and even higher if service was better.
5	We searched for this place. It turns out that we hit the jackpot! If you want to learn, as an adult, about various tequilas....this is the place. We did not have food but we did learn much, from Alex, how what tequila was and truly is. This place is classy and open to all with the restaurant attached. The menu looked great. We hope to return. They have been there 16 years.
5	Amazing Place!  Great food, Excellent location, Stellar Service!  Great for romance right on the canal, fun for parties and or happy hour! The guacamole is to DIE FOR!  Get a seat on the rail rignt next to the canal.  A must when visiting the Grand Canal Shoppes!
2	Don't be deceived anymore. This place just isn't what it used to be. Not by a long shot. I've been coming here for the last 9 years or so. It had been about 2-3 years since I had been to vegas (moved to Macau) I visited last night and I cant explain how disappointed I was in the quality and taste of food now compared to before. Flying in from Macau, I thought the first place I will stop at seeing how my hotel is in the Venetian will be Canonita, I had been craving the Chili Relleno for years. Our server asked if we had been here before we said yes. We placed our orders, got a taco platter for appetizer, margaritas, chille relleno, and the barbacoa. The barbacoa and margaritas were pretty much the same, but the taco platter was changed for the worse. And the relleno was just plain disgusting now. It went from being their best dish in my opinion to the worst. I'm really not sure what happened to this place, it looks a lot more corporate now and just was lacking these authentic flavors that it possessed in previous years. The quality has gone down a lot and we dont know if thats because there is some new chefs or if the chefs just stopped trying. The taco platter took off at least one taco from the previous years and replaced it with "carnitas." The carnitas tasted like plastic and had the texture of it as well. I took one bite and its obvious they load it with that salsa on top to give it all the flavor because the meat was lacking taste. Overall im giving it a 2 star rating now because the margaritas were fine (hard to mess up a margarita) and the barbacoa for keeping the same recipe. But honestly, we wont be dining here again until they bring back the delicious relleno with nuts and fruits inside. I cant be the only one who thinks this new rendition is disgusting. There is way better choices when it comes to Mexican food in Vegas.
5	A delicious Mexican restaurant overlooking a river in an Italian setting, what more could you want.Or as my eleven year old put it:#inside #outside #Vegas #ItalyNortena dish was great!
3	STAY AWAY FROM THE CEVICHE. Play it safe at this place. chicken, pork steak. the Ceviche tastes like fish dick. the drinks are good too and they have a good selection of tequila, just don't expect much from the food. think El Torito.
3	Date night with my cute cute!!! Love the location, but the food good not great. The queso dip was really yummy and the trio of ceviches was good in theory but one of the 3 tasted funny and left me feeling under the weather :( I had a sub par salad as my main course and my husband had some sort of burrito with some very good rice and beans. Probably won't go back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	For a place that brands itself as Mexican soul food, the food was a little soulless.  My party all ordered individual dishes and not a single one was embued with the life of a rich, ancient, and beautiful culture.  While it did not have that oft desired taste of human sacrifice boy was it scrumptious!The haunting melodies of low wage gondoliers reverberate through the patio for the entire duration of your stay.  As you can guess, it lacks soul too.  But there is heart.  Lots of heart.  If I am not mistaken it is the opening song from the lion king.The chips are also great.  Tasting not unlike the kind your great grandmother anne felaroe crafted in her tiny tiny kitchen all those years ago.Everything was going fine until santana featuring rob thomas started playing.  I went through a bad breakup in high school while this song was popular and it left a bad taste in my mouth.  A bad taste the perfectly cooked pork quickly replaced.  If the hotel paid the dj as much as they obviously pay this bomb ass chef, the music would be better.
1	Very disappointed. ... We came here for there so called best micheladas. Omg by far the worse. It's nothing but lemon juice, Salt and beer. There's  no clamato or  Tabasco sauce or etc.there food had no flavor. But I do give them one star because it has an amazing view.
5	I highly recommend The Beef Rib. The beef is so juicy and tender it literally melts off the fork. The mixture of flavors will awaken your palate.
4	Coming from Texas I'm skeptical of the Mexican food I get elsewhere. This place hits the spot w a solid Barbacoa dish and ask for a side of grilled pineapple salsa!
4	The Barbacoa was awesome! Very tender...cooked in a banana leaf for hours...it was just falling apart and i could eat it with just my fork. The sides were good too...some flavored rice, and black beans. The signature margarita drink was very good, not too sweet. The Mexican flan was OK. I could have skipped that.
2	Expect to pay casino prices for decent Mexican food. Had the fajitas and shrimp burrito.  Lots of shrimp in the burrito is a plus. I took away a star because one shouldn't have to pay for chips and salsa at a Mexican restaurant.  They also charged for a side of pico de gallo. Don't nickel and dime patrons paying $20 for a burrito.
3	We stayed at The Venetian during our trip and once we were checked in, we walked around looking for a place to have our first Vegas meal. We found Canonita near the Canal Shoppes and were quickly seated "outside" and had a cute view of the canal. We enjoyed some margaritas along with tortilla chips, salsa, and guacamole. I had the pomegranate margarita and it was decent, I would have had another, but the early hour and the $12 price tag kept me in check. For a meal I ordered the beef flautas, they were decent, but more appropriately described as taquitos, as they were made of corn vs flour tortillas. They were topped with green sauce, cheese and pico de gallo.The food and view were decent, not great enough to pull us in for a second visit.
5	Wow ! Great food & great service -  I was part of a party of  25  on presidents  day we share  appetizers and bottomless   glasses of  sangria. I ordered  the spinach salad  along with the carne asada dinner and enjoyed the deserts. What a super afternoon all of us had. Unfortunately I can't recall our waiters name I wish I wrote it down, anyways 5 stars to him for all he did.
5	I worked with the staff to host a Birthday party for my wife.   The planning and delivery could not have been better.We picked a selection of entrees for dinner.  Provided appetizers and the choice of drinks.   The restaurant even had cards printed up at each place setting so folks knew what was available.  (What a supAs soon as we were seated the waiters and waitresses began taking orders and bringing out the drinks.Fabulous margaritas!  The evening manager made sure to come over and introduce himself.  Told me to let him know if we needed anything.Before leaving, the waitress even climbed a chair to take the big group picture.  She looked at the results on the iphone and decided it wasnt good enough so she kept taking picture after picture until it was perfect.Overall a fabulous time.  It has always been the "go to" restaurant for my wife and I on our Vegas trips and will remain so!
3	Nice restaurant with good atmosphere and great service. The food is a little different than what I'm used to living here in central California. The sauces were much sweeter, but I can't complain about the portion size. I could barely walk when I left!
5	Excellent service, great food.The Barbacoa is fantastic, incredibly tender. I will definitely be back next time I'm in town.
4	Overall experience was good. Really enjoyed the atmosphere, we had seats right next to the canal. Service was timely and the food was pretty good. Really enjoyed the pineapple margarita that was recommended by server.
5	Interesting to watch the gondolas float by while eating, fantastic service from the server, manager, AND the hostess last night, decent prices for the Strip, beef ribs highly recommended, best happy hour prices
4	Delicious food. We went 530 no res on wednesday.we got there in time for happy hour drink specials and she even reminded us to order another drink before happy hour was over.  The food was really good . I had carne asada. It was  delicious.  The spinach salad yum. My friends had burrito and queso.all very good atmosphere nice if a little too bright. Fun to be sitting on canal. Our server was excellent
4	Enchiladas and fajitas were fresh and delicious. Service was great, even with a gluten allergy present. Fun ambiance at the midpoint of the gondola route in the Venetian shopping area.
4	Ate there today and the food was really good! I had the wild mushroom enchilada which was super tasty! Chips and salsa was also really good! Waitress was super nice and always made sure we had drinks refilled! I would just stay away from the margaritas since they are way overpriced for the size you get! Besides the tiny margarita we got, everything else was great!
5	I ate here twice this week!  The first time was a dry run to see if it was suitable for customers. The warm chips, salsa ,and guacamole were perfection as were the Barbacoa, cilantro rice, and any variation of the Tres tacos. The second time several of my customers at the table that had the Chili Relleno dish stated it was the best they  ever tasted- and that is a bold statement since all of us at the table are from the OC which offers many great choices for outstanding Mexican food! The Tres Leches was a great way to end a fantastic meal.
5	Wow this place is amazing!!!!My man and I were looking for a place to eat lunch when we kind of stumbled upon this place. Originally, we were just hungry and craving some Mexican food. I can't for the life of me remember our waiter's name, but he was amazing and had awesome recommendations.We had the carne asada. OMG. So delicious!!!!! Very authentic, juicy and tender. Wow I can't say enough about it!My mouth is literally watering thinking about it! We have been back 3-4 times since then and we make it a must-have every time we come to Vegas.Trust me, you won't regret that you chose Canonita!OH! And make sure to get the fresh guacamole!!!
1	This place is not good at all. The only thing that is good is the chips and salsa (which they charge for). Ordered a Michelada and anyone who knows what a Michelada is knows that it doesn't consist of Lime juice and salt with a beer. The food was bland as well. Definitely not coming back here and I'm not recommending this place at all.
5	My friend and I had an amazing night at Canonita. Awesome food and great service! Especially Justin who I think was the manager that night. He made our time at Canonita fun and a night full of smiles. Deff. would go back!  Thank You Justin
4	Great drinks, awesome Mexican food, super friendly bar tender!We stopped by here last year for drinks and decided to go back for a snack this year. We each had two drinks plus an order of mushroom tacos and a chicken burrito. It was delicious and the drinks were amazing.Only thing I didn't like was the middle-aged white-haired guy giving me sexy eyes from a few seats away. Wha?
4	The restaurants ambience is amazing, and the staff where great. The food tasted great but... Not Las Vegas great. Anywhere else, in a medium city maybe, it would have been excellent. But Las Vegas is a notch up and the food was just under amazing. Still a 4 star review in Las Vegas, but it felt like an entree, not a Mexican dish.
5	I cannot go to Vegas without a trip (or two or three) to Canonita! I live in San Diego where we have awesome Mexican food, but this place is the whole package- great food, amazing drinks, awesome service and cool atmosphere. We usually just sit at the bar, and Alex (one of the bartenders) is so good at what he does! He's super friendly and even remembers us after months of not going. You must try the pineapple margarita, sangria and the chicken flautas. It's also cool that it's right by the canals, and great for people watching :) I can't wait to go back!
4	I'm bumping 3 star food up to 4 stars for a fun drink menu, liberal pours, and great location.  You're in the middle of the grand canal shops, many of the tables overlook the water filled canal with an italian restaurant across the way.The host and waitress were friendly, and while service was not the most attentive, I was in no rush.The guacamole was okay.  Not great... it was missing some lime and salt, but it was good.I had the chile relleno, and was no too impressed.  The pepper and cheese filling were good, but the breading was way too thick and oily.  There was very little sauce, and it did nothing to curb the thick crisp breading on the chile, so it was kind of like biting into an airy cracker or cookie with every bite.  Taste was there, but just an odd experience.The tres leches was pretty good too... but I remember trying it last time I was here two years ago and loving it.  I don't know if my tastes changed or the tres leches changed, but it was a bit disappointing having built it up in my mind only to be presented with an average dessert.If you're dining in a Venetian/Palazzo canal shop restaurant, you shouldn't be concerned about the price, you know it's going to be expensive.  But I was fairly surprised the bill was so low for a couple drinks, guac, entree, and dessert.As I started out the review by saying, you're getting pretty good food, decent prices, and it's a great setting to have a few drinks and sit back to people watch.
3	I was close to giving 4 stars but just couldn't do it due to the food flavors. Atmosphere was great as it sits on the canal with great views. Service was good and friendly. The biggest draw back was the flavors. We got the 5 taco sampler and tried mushroom, chicken, pork and beef. Chicken and beef were both pretty good with fresh ingredients. The mushroom tasted like they were almost pickled and the pork had decent flavor but was so dry it was almost not edible. The chips are very thick and overwhelmed the salsa that had almost zero flavor. Overall good atmosphere, just lacked great food.
3	Typical pseudo "Mexican" food that I would expect to find in the middle of a Vegas hotel. When I asked the waiter which was better of the choices I was looking at, he jumped on the pork with such conviction that I was really looking forward to it. What I got was pretty close to Texas style BBQ pulled pork. It was ok, but I am not a BBQ pulled pork fan and I was really hoping for something more like carnitas. Judging from everyone's dishes, it looks like the theme is the same...severely Americanized Mexican food.
5	I seriously don't get why this restaurant doesn't have more stars. This is easily one of the best Mexican food I've ever had. This place is soooo good! The ambience was perfect and decor was lovely as expected since it's in the Venetian. I thought it was gonna be just your average Mexican restaurant but it was so much more than that! I had the cheese enchiladas with cilantro rice and I can't even begin to say how delicious it was! It was too perfect for words. I've had cilantro rice at a few other restaurants after that but it's nothing compared to this place! The portions are big enough to where you can have leftovers to savor for a late night snack! A little pricy, I'll admit but well worth it! To this day I'm still raving about my amazing dining experience at this place! I'm definitely coming back the next time in Vegas!
4	Love! I was worried when we sat down. The prices shocked me but I had never been to Vegas and had yet to learn, that is what ALL prices look like. I ordered the chicken quesadilla and the coconut pina colada drink. My oh my!! They were both fantastic. We also ordered a side of chips and salsa, can you say Fresh and Hot!? Also, the cilantro rice is amazing. All in all we will be back! Just with more cash.
4	I had doubts about the authenticity of the food at first,  being that this is a Mexican place at the Venitian hotel. And though I cant say the dishes were 100% traditional, everything my party tried was delicious. Im not sure if the twist they put on their dishes is just to make them unique or if they are fused with a different culture, all I know is that the flavors blended well and left me wanting to go back! I ordered the Chiapaneco citrus glazed salmon, which was marinated in a delicious tamarind sauce, topped with mandarins and served with a sweet potato hash. Honestly,  I was very surprised at how much I enjoyed it! My boyfriend ordered the Mazatin seared ahi with quinoa salad and that was also really good. The ahi was seared with this really tasty chile sauce... best seared tuna ive ever had! He also ordered the shrimp calamari cocktail, which I expected to be a bland American version, but was actually very close to the authentic Mexican style... also very good. My sister and her girlfriend tried the chicken enchiladas and a Tarascan chicken soup, which I did not try but they loved. And last but not least, my absolute favorite thing was the sangria de rojo, which is a blend of sangria and margarita. Now I want to go back to try every other drink on the menu!**The service and the view were great too!**
4	Really good service as well as dishes and drinks at Happy HOur. The staff was extremely nice and helpful; moreover, very patient with us. Dish: Chile Relleno -- Yes, 6/10 for a good solid dishDrink: Bloody Mary -- 4/10, its alright... I'll passFast and decent food. I would come here if I was hungry in the area. Pros: Quality and staffCons: Price for dishes are a little on the high side. STARS: 3.75
3	A bit hesitant to do the Mexican place in a hotel with the Italian theme, but we weren't in the mood for pasta at the time. The experience at Canonita was OK. The service was up and down. They changed waiters on us mid-stream and without notice. It was VERY slow to get a check and so forth, even though the place had pretty much emptied out.Fortunately, the food was pretty good. They do have this annoying thing about trying to up-sell you on stuff. Like they charged for every little side you ask for.The mushroom enchiladas were really good and the veggie fajitas (not explicitly on the menu) were decent. It was "happy hour" and we were tempted by the drinks deals which ended up not being very happy. Just a weak showing there.Overall, not bad. We did get a really nice seat next to the canals of Venice. Gotta make the best of the fake world we were in.
4	This place is located in the Venetian and has great tacos, burritos and enchiladas.  The service is always good and I frequently take colleagues here.  My favorite appetizer is the chips, salsa and guacamole and the drinks are delicious as well!  The prices are a bit high but I get a corporate discount which is nice.  Would recommend for a nice Mexican food night out!
5	A little pricey but the food was amazing! I got the pineapple infusion margarita and it was also delicious, you can really taste the vanilla bean which is why I ordered it. I ordered tacos with rice and beans which were very good in quality and my BF ordered the chicken burrito which he loved. Chips and salsa were not complimentary like most places but very fresh, we spent about $70 bux for just the two of us...
4	I patronize this place for one primary reason: the coca pina cocktail. IT's over-priced for sure, but is oh-so delicious. Delicious! And it's served in an actual coconut. Do you like coconut? Then you should come drink this cocktail. It's everything a coconut drink should be. It's so yummy that I can down 4-5 before realizing I just drank that many. It's sweet and smooth and is just plain yummy. So come on in to the bar and devour a few of these.Oh, and they have food too. The food is pretty tasty as well. Seems quite authentic and worth the price. Plus, the service is very attentive.
5	I work at the Venetian canal shoppes and have lunch here occasionally always at the bar they have an amazing staff all very helpful and warm right when you come in to the very end food is always done fast their bartenders are amazing! Always great conversations. Their appetizer flautas are to die for that's what I always have and by the end of my meal I'm always stuffed great fast lunch and I usually go under peak hours and even then it's quick! Definitely a great place to have lunch or dinner and a fun time either alone or with friends. They have happy hour from 3-6 and 9pm-close very convenient!
5	We love this restaurant. The food is great and the service is fantastic. I had the Michoacan style pork, and  my husband had  the chile relleno. We split a delicious spinach and bacon salad and dessert was the only good churro I've ever had, crispy and filled with cajeta.
3	Good food, fine happy hour, shit service. Don't go if you're in a hurry
5	Insanely good Flautas!!!!!!!!!!!! This place is in the Venetian and was incredible. It kind of just looks like a Mexican bar by the shops, but it is a fantastic restaurant. Obviously I had the flautas and they were soooooo good!!! The sauce was like nothing I have ever tasted before and I hope I can find a place in Arizona that has something remotely close to it. My wife had the tacos with chicken, rice and beans. Everything was delicious!!! I could not believe how much good food we got for the price and their drinks were just as good. This was the number one surprise find for me after a week in Vegas. There is even seating alone the river area passing through the hotel giving you the sense that you are out side by the river in Italy.
5	The service is great, the food amazing, the place is really well located at the Venetian, this is the best place to eat Mexican food, the staff is the best, thanks for a great experience.
5	Sohail was our server and he has an amazing friendly personality. Food was so good! I cleaned the plate lol. We had melontinis that were so refreshing and light, perfect for Las Vegas.I will come back!
3	Ishmael was great at offering suggestions but the meal arrived in record SLOW time.  He did check on us right after it was served, but did not ensure that the food arrived on time.  Instead he sold me One shot 1942 Don Julio for $20.  It was great but inflated the bill.Debbie had the Quesadilla and I had the Caesar salad.  We split each one and still could not finish the meal.  But the ambience with the gondolas driving by, was worth the price.  Wouldn't trade a minute of it looking into her eyes throughout the meal.Well recommended for food quality but not the service.
4	I happened to be a the Venetian and initially had planned to eat at Javier's for my last night here on business but was too tired to walk all the way back to the end of the strip so based on a recommendation from my wife who recently ate here I decided to dine for dinner. Had the chicken enchiladas and requested suiza instead of ranchero sauce along with a House Margarita. Overall...I would give the meal 3.5 stars which translates to 4 stars. My server was very engaging and guest experience overall was great however, I was dining during non-peak dinner hours (mid to late afternoon).Price and value is better than Javier's and recommend this for folks who are on a budget.
4	Food was really super good, we had a canal front table which was amazing, totally would have been 5 stars except our server didn't wan't to clear out table........Ever had a table for 2 with 6 plates and 4 glasses on it? yeah, awkward.
5	Service was excellent! We ordered the flautas & the chicken enchiladas, they were delicious! We also ordered the shrimp burrito, it was loaded with shrimp! So good!! I was skeptical when I saw the green rice, but it just as good as everything else! We will definitely go back! Prices are great too!
4	Checked this place out for a Michelada (which was on their online menu). The bartender didn't know what a michelada was because he gave me a cerveza preparada instead (beer poured over lime and ice with a salted rim). It was still good and nicely cold. He also gave us a free pitcher of beer from an order mistake so that was cool. We only tried the chips and salsa. The salsa was pretty good and tasted homemade and authentic.
5	I am a fan of this place!  I never knew Mexican food can be so varied and exotic. Most of all, it is good.I love their margaritas also. I almost never praised alcoholic drinks but this place rock!
4	Pretty good food overall.  Salsa is great, 5 taco sampler was a nice bit of variety and chicken mole was good too.  Margaritas were ok, but too sweet for us...Service was great - thanks Brooke!
5	5 STARS: BEST FLAUTAS IN THE WORLD!If you have ever ate flautas, you know that they are fried which makes them crunchy on the outside with different filings on the inside-almost like a taquito. Anyway, the faults here are perfectly fried with not too much crunch-it doesn't hurt the rook of you mouth when you bite into it AND the filling inside with the different dipping sauces are amazing. The food is very reasonably priced for Vegas and being in the Canal Shops. Our server was very nice and attentive.Lastly, the BEST part about this restaurant is the location. Should you decide to try this yummy establishment, be sure to request a table alongside the actual canal where they are performing the gondola rides. Huge plus is you get to hear the gondola singers while you enjoy your mexican food. Great experience and so fun!
3	The food was pretty good but I wouldn't consider this "authentic Mexican". The menu has ratatoullie which I'm pretty sure is French. They even spelt "pozole" wrong on the menu. But I had the filet minon and it was pretty tasty. Our waiter named anthony or andrew or something was slow as heck and wasn't paying attention to his customers. It was sort of frustrating.
3	This is a good Mexican food option on the strip. The food is all good, but nothing that will blow away your taste buds, or your wallet. The main reason we went here was that it took reservations. And on the strip on a busy Friday night, that is valuable. Overall a good experience.
4	Delicious! A nice flight  of tequila  to start things off. Very hard to choose what I wanted, menu is great. Went with the mahi and it didnt dissapoint. My friend got the pork in Chipotle  bbq sauce with rice and beans which was just as good.Lovely setting as well.
3	food was good & nice atmosphere next to the indoor canal. Service was slow, but we were not i a hurry. I had empenadas (which were good) for appetizer & chopped mexican salad, which was good sized, but not much more than romaine with aome slices of grilled chicken. very little roasted vegetables as the menu described. My companion specifically asked about cilantro on her salmon because she cannot stand the taste of it, & waitress thought there might be some in the pesto sauce (which made no sense to me, but perhaps they prepared their pesto differently, so we went with the flow). When the dish came, it did not have any pesto on it, but DID has cilantro sprinkled on it. Guess waitress put the order in to hold the pesto, but didn't know how the dish was prepared, or the kitchen messes up.
4	Easily my favorite meal out of the entire Las Vegas trip. The only reason I'm giving four stars instead of five is the service. It took nearly ten minutes to seat us when over half the restaurant was empty. Our server also made sure to put the 'wait' into waiter. The food though... the food was freaking fantastic and so were the sangria de rojo and regular sangrias. Barbacoa, fajitas, burritos - all outstanding. The sangria de rojo is an awesome mix of a red sangria and a margarita. Heavenly!I like to sit near the canal and watch the gondolas. You could say the place is pricey, but I had plenty of terrible meals for the same price as here. Nothing is cheap here. Don't miss this place.
5	Unpretentious and authentic...I ate at the bar .. And.. Javier was great mixed me a tasty spicy marg. the chicken cassadieas were yummy.. More than the cassadieas itself the cilantro rice was the best ...I always go here to get my Mexican fix every time I am in Vegas ..Very family friendly and right on the canal with great view of the action ..,
5	THE FOOD IS AMAZING AND THE STAFF IS FANTASTIC! I highly recommend any of their freshly squeezed cocktails/margaritas and fresh made tortillas.
5	Sitting next to gondolas passing through underneath the painted sky is so cool!  The food is delicious.  Cheese dip is a great appetizer.  Tacos and enchiladas are great dinner choices.
5	This place was great. It is inside the Venetian. We sat at a table in the bar area, which over looked the gondolas going by.  The drinks were strong and tasty. The chips were yummy and the guacamole was some of the best I have ever had in my life!  Our server Danielle was fun and terrific and made the whole experience memorable. We will definitely be back.
3	If I was basing my rating on the food I would give it just 2 stars but the setting right next to the canal is so fantastic that I need to give it 3.
2	Food was boring and service was worse, expensive too..never got chips I ordered, no water, never offered another drink..frustrating...
4	Romantic view, very nice & courteous server, & tasty food! Ordered taco sampler; fish,beef, and chicken were my favorite
5	My friends and I wanted a good bite that was neither fast foody or wouldn't break the bank.Great choice. Food was delicious including appetizers, entrees and margaritas.To plus, the setting is very nice- an "open air"/replica of the day time sky ceiling and location next to a "Venetian canal" added great ambiance. Well done.
4	Ok, went here last night to try the taco sampler but instead was seduced by the menu!  So one star off as there is no complimentary chips and salsa; not that my waistline needed any!  But for $3 you get a good size basket of chips  and about 3/4 cup of a nice smokey salsa that is a bit on the mild side for my taste.I ordered the Posole as a starter and it arrived warm and looked inviting.  The hominy was cooked well with still some texture resistance and the shredded pork was moist and flavorful.  The broth was well seasoned.  Overall a very pleasant dish.I then had the wild mushroom enchiladas in a creamy green chili sauce with a side of seasoned rice and nicely spiced red beans.  The beans were awesome.  I could have eaten twice as many!  The mushroom enchiladas were light and packed with mushroomy goodness!  A great dish.   Their house margaritas are good but just a bit on the pricey side given the rather smallest glass they are served in.  Overall I would go back as there were other menu items I wanted to try at some point.
