3	We stopped in here for lunch while working at the NV Energy office across the street. Have to admit we were drawn in by the inflated chicken man out front. I wouldn't call this place awesome or anything but they were grilling chicken right outside and the prices were reasonable and the chicken tasted great and the potato salad was nice and firm. So a bit low-key, a bit dingy, but tasty.
4	If you want good grilled or rotisserie chicken with a big array of sides this is the place.  I recommend the half chicken with roasted potatoes or saffron rice or broccoli pasta salad.  FYI its closed on Sunday which sucks!
3	Chicken was a little dry but good nonetheless, the saffron rice was good, but the ribs were awful- dry, sauceless, funky blend of seasoning that just didn't jive for me.  I'd eat here again, but both the chicken and the ribs at CJ's Texas BBQ up the street are better and probably cheaper, so I'd rather go there.
3	I wanted to like this place better than El Pollo Loco, but unfortunately I would have to give El Pollo Loco the edge! Fiance got the chicken. It was good, no complaints. I tried the tomato mozerella chicken sandwich. The cheese/bread/fixings were great, but the chicken was kinda *eh*. No clue if the chicken they use in the sandwiches is reject meat or what! The sides were where this place really sucked. I was quite psyched about the generous size of them, but then was disappointed when we ended up throwing it mostly away. Fiance got corn and mac & cheese. Corn was ok, mac and cheese was gross. It was really watery.. basically mac sitting in this watery yellow sauce. I was stupid enough to try the spinach feta pasta. I assumed the green pasta meant the pasta itself was spinach pasta. HA. it was white pasta covered in a disgusting spinach sauce. It basically tasted like cold boiled spinach. EW. I'd try them again, but I'd avoid the mac and cheese and pasta next time!
4	I drove by this place for ages, always wondering what the food tasted like, and more than a little entranced by their giant inflatable chicken man that would shill on their roof or on the sidewalk next to the chicken cafe.  I'm not going to lie: Every time I drove by, I've secretly hoped that Peter Griffin from "The Family Guy" would run out of nowhere, and the two would engage in epic fisticuffs for my own amusement (or to make my time at the stop light go by faster).Regardless of my dreams unrealized, I decided to break down and actually go into this place.  I'm glad that I did.You'll see the little man grilling to his heart's content when you first walk up, and he'll cheerfully wave while you smell the chicken and ribs cooking.  The entry door's a little tricky to find (it's at the far left), but inside, it is a veritable mecca of chicken.And it's good.  The side dishes are no slouch, either, all filled with fresh veggie goodness, and your choice or light or dark meat, chicken or ribs, and it's certainly filling.  The mashed potatoes were especially notable, and while I haven't gone the rib route, the chicken is flavorful.It's usually around a $10 meal (perhaps a little less), so if on a tight budget, it may not be a "cheap" dining alternative.  However, the food is fast, it's grilled right in front of you, and it's tasty.Now when I drive past, I see the little grill man and the inflatable chicken, and will be tempted to go in at times, and occasionally act on that urge.  While I still wait for my inevitable "Peter Griffin Vs. Giant Chicken" fight, at least the food is good enough to pass the time until that eventual reward.
4	This place has a soft spot in my heart. I love seeing the grill in front. The food is honest, real, and made in the restaurant not frozen and reheated. Its healthy. Its not a chain.
3	Stopped by this place for lunch..the enticing smoke from the rotisserie grill called my name.It was hustling and bustling, which is usually a good sign. Order the 1/2 pound chicken and one side of mac n cheese (it was so tasteless exchanged it for cole slaw).The food wasn't bad but there was nothing special. I left feeling unsatisfied and wanting a whole rotisserie instead from Costco.
2	I wanted to try this place in order to fill the giant void left in my life after I left LA 4 years ago, and being forced to also leave Chicken Dijon (http://www.chickendijon.com/). Being (sorta) new in town, I am still looking for "regular" lunch places for takeout that are delicious but won't make my ass huge. Unfortunately, Nevada Chicken Cafe doesn't hold a candle to Chicken Dijon. I ordered the chicken cesaer wrap, and the meat was pretty dry and it kind of grossed me out. The whole thing fell apart the second I took it out on my desk so I ate it with a fork-- not very wrap-esque. The tortilla was fresh though, and bonus points for having light dressings for the wraps and salads. Sadly I may not go back, since Subway is just as close.
4	Good place for Healthy Fast grilled chicken and ribs. I suggest their Baby back ribs and Chicken. However they offer lots of other items such as wraps and salads. They have a impressive amount of fresh side choices. The service is fast and the food is fair priced. Good place to grab lunch but the surroundings don't make this a dinner option in my opinion.
2	The aroma from their outside barbecue led us here but I found out it wasn't all it was cracked up to be. I ordered a Chicken Avocado Sandwich and the Chicken Pasta on the side recommended by the cashier. I usually like trying something new so I like asking the workers what they think is good...bad move on my part. When I picked up the sandwich it fell apart... but the parts that I did eat were decent. The Chicken Pasta was Pink! I love that color and I'm not picky so I tried it. It was sweet and sour and I maybe found one tiny piece of chicken in it. I couldn't eat a third bite and my husband couldn't stomach a second bite. I left it alone and sipped on my sugar free Watermelon Juice. I liked that they have sugar free options but I didn't like that they didn't put ice in my drink especially when it's so hot outside! My husband had the Chicken Caesar Wrap and a side of salad. I tried the wrap and that tasted fresh and the salad was also good. The salad was big for being a side item. The food was okay but it's nothing I would  crave for.
3	Another "Yelpalicious Dishes" weekly lunch with Elnino F.He's the chicken man so we went to a place that specializes in the cluckins. Got a breast and wing with a side of saffron rice....they gave me an extra chicken piece so thats always nice! It wasn't that the chicken was bad, but it wasn't even warm which makes me think it's been sitting a while and they didn't bother to throw it into the heat even a little.It wasn't dry, but it wasn't juicy either. It made me sad specially since theres a guy in the front grilling these things....why didn't I get a hot one? That was what made me excited to try this place was the smoke I saw coming from it....my chicken did hit the smoke- but hours ago. Saffron rice has buttery and good. Got a watermelon drink and it wasn't very cold and it needed more sugar to contrast how sometimes watermelon gets that "green" taste to it. They have a sauce station with ketchup, bbq sauce, Red Hot sauce and then a garlic sauce, green salsa, a cucumber salad/salsa, jalapenos and baby peppers.The garlic sauce was more garlic ranch like dressing, but it worked with the meat...I still prefer the real deal garlic sauce a la Zankou chicken. Cucumber salad was a good cooldown since I was eating the peppers and it got a bit hot.The chicken was the star and without hot and juicy chicken, it can only be an OK lunch at best. I'll try again to see if I can make sure I get one piping hot, but if I can't then I'll have to bawk bawk away and find me some hot cluckin lovin' elsewhere.
3	Where there's smoke, there's Chicken!You can see Nevada Chicken cafe from a few hundred feet away, as the smoke from their grills floats up to the clouds.  This place is perfect for a relatively healthy and quick lunch.  The prices are good, and it is a nice change of pace from many other lunch options.Go with the half chicken, and a side of the cucumber salad.  The chicken is generally moist and well cooked.  The cucumber salad consists of tomatos, red onions, and a delcious grecian vinaigrette.  I've had the salads and wraps a few times, and yes I'll agree with other reviewers that the chicken can be dry, which is why I just stick to the basics.  It's located down the street from LVAC on Sahara, so if you're looking for a quick protein fix after a tough workout, stop by Nevada Chicken Cafe, and say thank you to you wallet, body, and taste buds.
3	Second and last time here. First time made me want to go back, but second time was disaster. Chicken was DRY, whether grilled or off the rotisserie. I missed out on a SIGNIFICANT amount of chicken because it was so dry it became stringy and inedible. Side portions are big, which redeemed the rating. Again, I won't be eating here next time I visit.
4	Great chicken and rib combs which include a drink. Can't beat that!. Ribs are seasoned and cooked to perfection. Even though, the restaurant provides you with a secret sauce, you don't need any sauce. The secret sauce is sweet and tangy. They have many interesting side dishes. The spinach and feta salad is perfectly blended. They have a wide variety of healthy menu choices including wraps. The cucumber salad is divine! You can find it in the free salad bar. It's sweet, salty, and sour taste plays tricks with your tongue. Looking to cater an event? They will do it for you!
4	One of the best chicken and ribs in town! Mac and cheese and saffron rice as side! The burger is very good too, very moist!
1	I drive by this place everyday on the way to work and it always smells so delicious when I drive by in the afternoon, but I think the catch is that any caveman can throw a slab of meat on a hot surface and our inner carnivore will growl a quick yummmmm and then move on. I wish I would have taken the move on advice in this case. I suggested we order lunch from this place for work and we passed the menu around in amazement at all of the option that we had and the ordering began. Once lunch was picked up and brought back we all quickly dug in and then we all quickly stopped digging in. There was a mix of things ordered, Chicken Wraps, 3 piece plates, and sides like mac and cheese and ceaser salads.I am not overly picky but I will say the chicken in my wrap was EXTREMELY dry and there was absolutely no flavor to the entire wrap. The coworker to my right stopped eating his plain chicken and cheese wrap after he pulled 4 bones out of it and to top it off, one of my other co workers could not stand to eat his mac and cheese because it was so runny.. I apologize now to all of you Nevada Chicken lovers that may be reading this but this place was absolutely horrible and I think we will be going back to ordering El Pollo Loco as sad as that is.
2	The food was just so so. The ribs were tough, the chicken was a little dry. Maybe I just caught them on a bad day. I may gp try them again, but probably not for a while.
2	Very dry chicken. Not very tasty.
4	I've eaten here quite a bit over the years, but never written a review. I go through cravings, and when it's for chicken I really like their grilled chicken (they also got rotisserie style). I really like it's flavoring, I believe it's mediterainian type seasoning.Also, recently, I started trying their grilled pork ribs, and I really like them and have been on a steady crave for those the last few times I've been there. They serve them dry with the sauce on the side. And I like this. If your dry rub is good, then you shouldn't have to smother your ribs in bbq sauce.I've seen a bunch of bad reviews here on Yelp, and I will say they have their bad days (or orders). In my experience, every 6th order is fudged a bit. They need to clean this up and become more consistent. But the place is always crowded...I guess by people who don't post on Yelp!But I want more places like this. Where else can you get freshly grilled or rotisserie chickens other than the supermarket? And the quality and taste is much better than the market - although almost double the price ($5 market, $9 at NCC).I wish there was a place like this in Henderson, near my work, as it would be perfect for my lunch needs (fresh meat, no carbs - unless you splurge on sides).
4	I read a lot of reviews complaining about how dry or cold the chicken was... I've been here a couple of times (ordering take-out) and it has been juicy, flavorful, and warm each time.  I'm not a huge fan of their sides, to be honest, but the chicken is delicious so I'll be coming back.
4	I've been on yelp for awhile but never written a review before. I have seen a good amount of reviews that pretty much sum up to this placing having  issues with consistency.  All that I can say for my first time visit here earlier today I was really impressed with the food. I ordered the Rib and Chicken Combo. Both the Ribs and Chicken were hot and fresh tasting. The Ribs melted off of the bone and was overall better than a few of the barbecue places I have eaten at. The Chicken was moist and tasted great even before trying their homemade barbecue sauce which was delicious as well.I plan on eating there again tomorrow and will post an update if I experience an issue with consistency. I truly hope it is as good tomorrow as it was today.   For now... Thumbs up for me...
2	Rex is sentimental...if nothing else. Which of course as you know...makes Rex nothing else. One thing Rex loves is when old friends meet new friends.  Old Friend, sleeping off a bleach/ammonia high in a dumpster...meet New Friend...waking in the dumpster and finding an unused Groupon coupon. The sun was hot. The dumpster, or as I calling my "mobile home", was even hotter. The bad thing about "mobile homes" is that they are dirty, lumpy and usually smell like Kirstie Alley's bellybutton. The good thing is that sometimes you can meet someone and have a little...rendezvous. Guys...and I guess girls...if you meet a girl in a dumpster...there is a very good chance she is dead or easy...or both. Sometimes you might be tempted to hang in there if you realize that you are sharing it with a hooker who has a hacking cough. Don't. There are plenty of "mobile homes" out there.  TB and an empty wallet sucks.So obviously some rich bastard who has things like a home, indoor plumbing and a vacuum that will vacuum the floors on its own just through out this little piece of gold like he does his underwear with holes in it. (which by the way...found a "gently" used pair of underwear. nice.)  Anyway, I was able to purchase 20 dollars of food from the Nevada Chicken Cafe. I started off on my long walk to what could potentially be...chicken nirvana.  I was about 2.3 miles away.  I got there 5 days later. It all started when I tried to walk an old lady across the street...and then...well...lets just say that it went wrong.  I did think that Scottsdale was nice.When I did arrive at the Nevada Chicken Cafe, a lovely Dutchman pulled me the last 30 miles on a sled. (Long story...but you will always pay your debts to Rex...and Rex knows his Mel's Diner trivia.)  When Rex pulled up he was immediately struck by the smell. It was amazing. They had an outside grill/smoker going on and it was impressive. The chicken, ribs, spices, mesquite, all made me want to go in and order as much as I could. Rex forced the Dutchman to order one whole chicken, one half chicken, a side of salad and it came with some BBQ sauce and tortillas. The tortillas were gratis. Gracias for the gratis. Rex found an empty mobile home and sat down with my feast. I was starving. Grave robbing is a lot more difficult than you would think. What is even more difficult is finding a landlord that will take a burial dress and skull in lieu of payment. Trust me...in Scottsdale no one has the kind of loot Princess Diana's had...not that Rex would know...anyway......for the equivalent of 21.50 Rex was well fed. Rex fed well for 2 meals.  The chicken was excellent. The mesquite was subtle but flavorful. It didn't overpower the meat and was really good. The BBQ sauce is exceptional. Rex doesn't like an overly sweet sauce and this one isn't. It is well balanced and not too overpowering on the chicken. it works with the plain chicken better than the mesquite rubbed.  Rex was so impressed he has gone back several times and tried the ribs and some other sides.  The baby back ribs are among the best ribs in Las Vegas. They are fall off the bone and the extremely flavorful.  The St. Louis ribs are good, but they aren't great. Rex didn't love that it wasn't sauced enough. The sauce is sweeter and that is fine, but St. Louis ribs should be HEAVILY sauced...and these aren't. The chicken...well...when done right it is the best. It is a excellent piece of chicken. The problem is that there is no consistency. Rex has had dry pieces and he has had perfect pieces...and this is a MAJOR issue. If you are only doing a few things they have to be perfect. In fairness I have had more good than bad...but I have had enough bad to not necessarily want the crap shoot when I am paying good grave robbing money. The sides are were everything falls apart.  The Mac and Cheese...and Rex loves the mac and cheese...isn't good. Under seasoned (the only thing that is), and mash potatoes are so peppery it is of the charts. Rex loves pepper. He would roll himself in pepper and find a nice salt covered girl to mix with...but this is too much pepper. The fruit salad wasn't cleaned as well (the tough pieces) as it should be, and the mixed veggies were okay, but nothing great.  The black beans were okay, but again nothing to write home about and didn't taste like they were simmered in a rich enough stock. The sweet potatoes were a real stand out and should be eaten as the side. A huge special shout out for the garlic ranch sauce...get a few tubs of it. perfect with the chicken and the salad. Amazing taste. Rex has dated his fair share of unstable women. It adds a little spice. A little mystery. A little arousal. Eventually no matter how good post release from jail sex can be...it is time to go.  In his eateries Rex demands stability. Consistency. Reliability. Excellence. Rex is all of those things and more.Spend your money and time on a shrine to Rex. He will spend his money on gas and whores.
2	I passed by this place several times and was curious and stopped in for lunch one day. It is a nice clean place with friendly service. I had a chicken wrap with house dressing. It was a huge wrap, but not very tasty. I ate one third of it. The baked beans and potatoes salad were not very good either. I regret not having just plain chicken or ribs. They looked and smelled good. I'm not sure that I will go back because the television was on Fox News. I could never sit through that again. Public places should never have televisions on stations that may offend their customers. It would have been better to have it off.
2	Just mediocre.  I don't know why anyone would eat here.  Chicken is cooked ok - but it really doesn't have much flavor and the skin is just kind of rubbery and gross.  Garlic ranch sauce they have at the salsa bar is disgusting.  Their pico de gallo is bland - they make it with cucumbers which adds nothing but lack of flavor.I bought 2 groupons here and used one today.  I won't even bother using the other one.
2	So I just wanted a salad so I stopped by here after driving by many times....Just wasn't hungry enough for chicken or ribs...Got the chicken Caesar salad, pretty safe bet.  Well much to my dismay the romaine was wilting, some leaves were turning orange, the croutons chewy, chicken dry, even tried to dip in BBQ sauce and hot sauce, no help. In their defense, it was to go order but still, if salad isn't right now I wonder about the chicken? Ribs? I noticed on the walls they had some celebrity photos, maybe if they concentrated on the food more it may be better? Well I can't say I been missin anything driving by all the time....I will still try the grilled chicken, let's see how it goes......C
4	I really enjoyed this restaurant, it was definitely something different to try which was very nice. I've seen the BBQ going many times before while driving by but I just never stopped before. I arrived at probably the worst time, lunch. They handle the crowd really well but unfortunately they were out of ribs at the moment. No complaints from me however, they said it would be a 15-20 minute wait for more which was not a problem since I wasn't on a set time limit and the manager was very nice and gave us free salads for waiting. The salads are very fresh and I like the open kitchen. The atmosphere was very quaint and I really enjyed hte outdoor seating. I wish the outdoor seating would have been a little cleaner but I'll give them this one since this time of year is pretty unpredictable. When we got our ribs, they were perfect, a nice chew not overdone but not falling apart. I liked how they had a self-serve condiment stand which everything was made fresh; garlic ranch, hot sauce, bbq sauce. The mac and cheese was awesome, I love gooey mac and cheese and the combination of cheese they use was great. I don't advise the Spinach Feta Pasta though, it was pretty bland but anything can be great with ranch or hot sauce. I'll definitely be going back and recommending to my friends as a nice alternative, something different to try. Oh yeah, and they deliver, do carry-out and catering. Don't forget to grab a punch card.
1	If I could give this place less than 1 star I would. I'll start by saying that the man at register was rude from the beginning. I ordered  the 3 dark chicken plate with one side and  an additional 2 sides, he than gave me my cups. When I went to fill my drinks there was no ice and the Coke was out. So I kindly asked him if he could fill/replace my request and  with an attitude said "ill be right over there okay!" Blown away by the response and tone he directed towards me I patiently waited. Customers waiting in line behind us have already  got there food and I ask another employee if she could kindly change the Coke and said says " okay". 20 minutes later for 3 pieces of chicken and 3 sides the woman brings us our food outside and I ask her if we could have another set of silverware. With a very nasty attitude she said " uh huh". I still do not have my Coke. So I look down at my plate and I only see 2 pieces of chicken. I go to the counter and ask for another set of silverware and let him know my order is incomplete and he finally tells me the Coke is out to just grab one from the  fridge. He  follows me to our table to point out that the chicken was not cut, making it still a 3 piece meal. Portion wise to me there was only 2 but I guess he's the chicken expert. Fed up I take my plate to the counter and ask for a refund of my meal. He hands me my money for just the 3 piece and I walk back to our table and notice my sister no longer wants to eat there if only she was going to eat. We than walk up to the counter again and finally ask for a full refund. He grabs her sided lunges them in the garbage can. Pretty much I didn't want to eat there from the beginning and now I really have a reason to never go there again. What really got me was that an employee could be soo rude to a customer. I am in the hospitality industry and behavior like that left me speechless and left with a terrible experience. I left hungry, didn't get refunded my full amount and most importantly wasted my time at that establishment.
2	Eh, its good enough, but nothing special at all...lets be honest, anyone can dangle a chicken around some heat and it will taste pretty good, so to say this is a standout cafe would be like saying you McDonalds is fine dining and doesn't give you the runs...im sure you can find better.
3	The food was decent so they lose a star there.  We tried the chicken which had good flavor but was a bit dry.  The BBQ sandwich was much the same.  The ribs were killer though.  And the insane amount of side they have is awesome.  All 4 sides we tried were really tasty.They lose another star because we sat and watched person after person that ordered after us get their togo orders before they even bothered to tell us they messed up on our order.  Their saving grace was the gentleman that work the register there telling us he was sorry and gave us a free dish.I will try this place again hoping it was a fluke.
4	I have eaten here on many occasions both at lunch time and in the late afternoon and evening.  Have also had their catering packages and the food was ALWAYS of good quality.  I noticed that some reviewers have made some negative comments or had a bad experience.  That has NOT been my experience and I look forward to my regular visits there.  The man that takes the orders and payment is courteous, and after you order, they bring it out to your table for you.  I have never had an excessive wait to get my food.  I've tried most of the menu items now including the ribs, the rotisserie chicken, the grilled chicken and most sides. The sides are generous, varied, of decent quality and the staff is friendly.  We are not talking about a 5 Star Restaurant here!  This is a Cafe and the service and food quality are more than adequate for this venue.  I like their chicken and it is MUCH better than I can do for myself at home.  The prices are moderate and fair as is the selection, again considering the venue.  I will continue to give them my business and appreciate their products.  Most times I visit, they are staying busy with most tables full of customers.  Evidently, there are a LOT of people who like them too, but just haven't ever reviewed them here on YELP. Enjoy Nico's Nevada Chicken Cafe soon!  ;-)
5	Very tasty chicken and good selection of side dishes.  Please bring Nevada Chicken Cafe to the Henderson area!!
1	My wife drives by this place all the time. The smell and smoke brought us in and we were so disappointed.  First, the food was brought out cold and the chicken was not fully cooked. Absolutely the worst bbq i ever had. The mashed potatoes tasted like instant. The ribs were dry and rough. I complained and they wanted to give me more sides. No refund of anything. I said no to their nasty sides. DO NOT EAT HERE!!!! 50 bucks down the drain.
4	I know this place has been around for a while, owners are very nice. They have a special license that allows them to cook outside, using a mesquite grill. In which not many places in the Las Vegas Valley have. I had a the 1/4 ribs combo and 1/2 chicken. Chicken was seasoned well, not really juicy, but that was expected because it was grilled on open flame. I had the baby back ribs, they were dry rubbed. Not fall off the bone juicy and tender but they were good. The house dipping sauce was as good as it gets. I couldn't explain it, that was definitely the highlight of the meal. I would go back just to get ribs with that sauce again. I was a little disappointed they ran out of roasted potatoes, so i opted for the saffron rice, instead. It was okay, came with a house spring mix salad, with balsamic dressing and a flour tortilla. With a drink it came out to 10.50$. A fair price. I want to go back and try some other sides, The food presented well, served on a wooden chopping board looking plate, a great touch. It was during lunch rush that I came in, and food came out fast and great tasting. That is a great indicator that the owners are doing something right.
1	I have eaten here three times. Everyone always told me how amazing this place was so after trying it the first time (maybe about a year ago), and having a plain, tasteless meal, I figured maybe just a fluke or hopefully they have changed since then. I ate there about 2 months ago and again it was just blah. The third time did it for me when the food was not only gross and tasteless (AGAIN) but two people that work there that I dealt with were extremely rude! Never going back.
3	Grilling outside, great lure.. the smell is incredible. Stopped in for lunch and was quite surprised. The appearence on the outside makes you think you are going into a hole in the wall. However open the door and its very spacious. The menu reminded me of a very popular spot down on Charleston. Especially since they serve chicken wraps with sides of spinach feta pasta or chicken pasta, hmmmm... Have seen those somewhere else.. The wrap was good! Tender chicken, loaded with crisp vegetables. The portion size was great, not too big or small. I got the chicken pasta as a side. It had a sweet flavor to it, not too appetizing. My friend got the spinach feta pasta which was a bit salty. My lunch with a drink was $12, a little pricey for a sandwich and 1 side and no table service. Not a bad place, but didn't taste anything that I would crave later to make me go back.
5	OMG... the ribs and chicken combo was too die for! Found this place as it was listed in LVRJ as Terry Fator's go-to for bbq. They smoke their meats right outside the store in the parking lot and the smoky flavor wafts into your car as you drive in! Been hard to find a real bbq in Vegas but look no more! Let me get to the details. My husband and I split the sides we ordered: coleslaw and beans. The beans were outstanding and instead of serving a slice of bread with the meal, they served a fresh, warm tortilla to mop up your bbq beans! The chicken and ribs were moist and smoky and were seasoned so well you didn't need alot of sauce, which by the way is homemade and they took it right out of the pot to give us. Staff super friendly and made sure we were happy. Very reasonable prices as well. Just awesome.
5	MY GOD Why don't more people know of this place???Admittably the signage is hard to spot and you have to access it by spinning around on Sahara but the aroma alone will draw you from blocks away! They smoke/grill their meats inside and out in front and the flavor is magical. It does beat places in town that charge TWICE as much. The inside is comfortably humble so you feel fine "digging into your meal". They have a great array of sides. Dine there once and you may never throw a backyard BBQ again! No need; you'll come here instead! Cheaper and easier... BETTER.
1	Slow as Hell. 3 people working in the back and 2 customer in the lobby and me. Took forever to get my food. Not worth the wait.
5	Always amazing food. I'm making an attempt to eat every single item on the menu coming back and getting something different every time. Ribs, chicken, pulled pork, wraps, salads, potatoes....all amazing. Every time friends come into town they all ask to come back here. 5/5 in every regard.
4	great ribs & chicken at terrific prices. I love their side dishes (sweet potatoes).
5	Best place for awesome rotisserie chicken in Las Vegas!! Soooo good...like absolutely everything is amazing :)  if you're thinking about spending money at some naty fast food place....take your care to the corner of Sahara and jones instead! Ncc is the best food place in Vegas! Cheap, great reward system, healthy and always delicious!!
5	I have come here a few times and I have always been beyond satisfied, the food is always fresh, the service is always great, and the taste is unbeatable with reasonable prices. The salad/dressing bar is always kept clean and fresh (something you don't see in this town these days). They have outside seating with really nice decor that I also like a lot. The menu is large, something for everyone and they also serve a variety of beer which was a big plus for me. I would recommend everyone try this place out for lunch or dinner, I think they deliver as well.
5	The best grilled chicken and ribs in town.  Favorite sides are the chicken pasta salad and steamed veggies. YUM!!!
4	After years of passing by this place we finally decided to stop and try it, and i'm glad to say it did not let us down. The chicken wings and ribs were delicious and freshly grilled. The mac&cheese was good but the mash potatoes were salty, the corn is out of a can but i don't care since i didn't go for the corn. The cucumber salad is really good too. The place was very clean and has good customer service. All in all we will be back soon.  loved the outdoor seating!
1	SUCH Terrible food NEVER AGAIN sooo disappointing
5	Best(healthiest) chicken around!  The ribs are even better. Great sides friendly staff , very casual. I live in the neighborhood and can't resist, when I drive by. Check yelp for coupons and have twice as much!!
5	love this chic!! must try it if u haven't!!!
3	I would give 4 stars but I feel there prices are too high. I agree that roasted garlic ranch is like liquid crack. The chicken was juicy and well seasoned! Overall enjoyable
1	Used the Yelp 10 for 20 deal. For that, I was able to get a 3-piece dark meat with 2 sides, and 1/4 white meat with 2 sides. First, the chicken was dry, specially the chicken breast. My friend had difficulties cutting into the breast, although we were using plastic utensils, but still... it's not like we're cutting into a piece of bone. Next the sides. We got mixed fruits, corn, mac n cheese, and caesar salad. The corn was straight from the can, they only added step was to warm it up. The mac n cheese was ok - tasted like it was made from the box. Two good things about this place, good serving size and garlic ranch. Thank goodness I bought the yelp deal, I would have totally regretted it if I paid for the food full price. I don't think I'll ever go back.
3	I liked this place. It was pricey but the food was good, the ribs especially! Now I usually make my own pork ribs, and I know what I'm talking about. So to be handed a plate of juicy, meaty, DRY-RUBBED ribs roasted right outside in (or very near) the parking lot and Sahara Avenue, well that blew me away. The chicken was alright too, but I will say not as good as EPL. But to be fair, EPL, corporate machine or not, has the best chicken around.The meal, which was over 12 bucks for a few ribs and a piece of chicken, came with a salad and a side. I got the beans. Yum. I would come here again, but I'd have a coupon to offset the price, and I'd stick to the ribs. I love that It's a little local shop, and hope they can take into consideration the fact that not everybody can drop $12 bucks on lunch. You'd think with the Sahara and Decatur El Pollo Loco just minutes away, they'd at least try to be a little more price-competitive.  If I had to choose, I'd go to EPL every time and have money left over to go across the street to the other corporate giant for a Orange Mocha Frappaccino for desert.
5	I'm going there tonight for the 100th time.  NCC always has fresh food, and polite staff.  The Owner treats all customers very well.  There is no reason to complain.Ribs and chicken are cooked to perfection.  Corn as a side dish is my favorite.I recommend the Cafe highly!
5	This is a great place! We need a bay area chicken cafe!
3	Kind of hard not to check this place out when you can smell the wonderful aroma of ribs and chicken cooking especially on a empty stomach. So at this point, I said what the hell, it smells good so I went in.I ordered the 1/4 Ribs n Chicken Combo (St Louis Style Ribs, 1 Wing and Thigh, a choice of 1 side, and a drink), which came out to 12 and some change. The ribs were pretty good. Had a dry rub and good smoke flavor to it. The chicken had good flavor but was a bit dry. I chose sauteed vegetables as my one side which was a mixture of broccoli, green beans, carrots, cauliflower, and green peppers.There is a "Salsa" bar towards the back where you can get garlic ranch sauce, hot sauce, salsa verde, and pico de gallo. Now the pico degallo was a bit weird. They put little pieces of cut up cucumber. Never seen that in a pico de gallo  before.As far as service goes, when you order for dine in they give you a number to put on your table and then they bring it out to you. That is pretty much all the service that you are gonna get.Overall, everything was decent except for their dry chicken. Come on man! Anytime you have the word "Chicken" in the name of your restaurant, that should be the best item that you serve. Imo the ribs were actually better. I think if they pull the chicken out just a tad bit sooner then it should be good.
5	The chicken here is healthy fresh and flavorful just like the menu says. I had a small issue that the owner helped me out with...no problem...no questions asked. That is hard to find now days. Excellent customer service!
4	Dry rub on the chicken and ribs is amazing. The homemade sweet bbq sauce is also awesome. Prices may seem a bit high, but I'm willing to pay for homemade and fresh. It's fair if you consider everything involved in the process of cooking these meats with such phenomenal flavor. I'm also a huge small business fan. The smell from Sahara and Jones literally lifts you up like a cartoon and carries you to their restaurant. If you've never tried Nevada Chicken Cafe, you're missing out on a local gem. For sides, the mashed potatoes, roasted potatoes, fruit and salad are good.
4	I have been here many times and always very happy with the food.  I was pleasantly surprised that the yelp check in was giving a 30 percent off entire purchase discount so that was great.  I ordered 2 full racks w/ a side of mashed potatoes and gravy w/ each rack.  I also ordered a chicken breast for my dog.  When I placed the order I told them one full rack of ribs and mashed potatoes was being dropped of to a friend for lunch so I needed it bagged separate with utensils.  When the order came out I checked to make sure and it was not bagged correctly.  They fixed it for me and I was on my way to deliver it.  Ribs get 5/5 for the great flavor and taste.  I am assuming the chicken rates a 5/5 as well.  I divided it into small portions for my dog and she always wants more.  Recommend to anyone and we will return again soon.  Service is friendly and it smells great when the grill is on.
4	After seeing the dancing chicken out front for the millionth time I finally decided to try this place.  Dang it's good!!The chicken is better than the ribs and in my opinion the half chicken and rib combo is a great first timer order.Do stop in and try it as it is a short drive off the strip and well worth it!
5	food isn't cheap. but they have great coupons! Good food!  Killer salads!
1	The food is good if you can get past seeing the small roaches running across the floor. I just find it hard to down my meal with small sewer roaches running across the floor.The first time I went there it was take out, so I did not notice the roaches. The second time I ate there after purchasing the yelp coupon. It was then that I noticed the place has small roach problem. Yuck........
2	I used to LOVE this place. I mean "go there several times a week" kind of love but lately it seems deals have decreased as well as portion sizes. I was addicted to their wings and would stock up on them regularly. The sad little party wings they serve now (For the same price mind you!) are actually kind of insulting.
5	After many return visits I can't get enough of there chicken. Made fresh and always juicy. I now find it worth the price
4	It looks kind of questionable from the outside, in a seedy strip mall on Sahara. But it's warm, friendly and clean on the inside. I ordered the chicken and ribs combo with roast potatos on the side, and my daughter got the BBQ chicken wrap with cole slaw. The emphasis here is on healthy choices that are tasty rather than tasteless. The rotisserie chicken was delicious and I don't even have to feel guilty.   We'll definitely come back.
4	Great chk & ribs combo. Chk was a lil dry but still taste good.
1	Nevada Chicken Cafe is a good place to eat, however I dont think I'll be returning anytime soon.Their posted business hours are until 9 PM at night. My friends and I arrived about 15 minutes before close, maybe 20... To order some sandwiches.I walked in and was told they were closed! I asked early? Can I order anything? The lady just said no were closed! She was polite, but blunt and didn't say anything else. This on a Friday night.I know the hour was late but if your business advertises that it's open until a specific hour, then it should still serve you or have some options available to customers.  Being turned away is the worst feeling, and should never have happened.Doubt I will be returning, if I do it'll be to complain to management.
4	The food here is great! The service not so much! They're rude. So rude that even when they acknowledge us there instead of saying one moment they continued to just do whatever they were doing. The second time I came in to dine in I had to clear my own booth that was filled with food even tho a lady saw us there just stared at us then walked away.
4	I bookmarked this place months ago, drive by frequently- rolling down my windows and sucking in big lungfuls of their tasty barbecue chicken smell as I pass. I finally caved and got the $20 for $10 Yelp deal and redeemed it today for lunch with the BF.After extensively checking reviews here and browsing their online menu, I settled on the 1/4 rack rib combo with leg+thigh for my guy, with a side of saffron rice, and a chicken mozzarella wrap for myself with the mac and cheese. Opted for a taste of home with a Dr. Pepper for our drink, and hit up the salsa bar for a cucumber-based pico de gallo, an orange-looking "salsa verde", and a crave-inducing garlic ranch sauce.Service was quick and friendly, and despite a lackluster exterior, the interior of the place is clean and organized with windowed views to the kitchen where you can watch the guys cutting up the hot grilled meats as you wait for your food. Plenty of booths, and I was downright surprised to see tables of families with eerily silent kids- kids entirely focused on devouring their food. That's downright unusual, and I knew I was in for something special.The ribs we ordered saucy, at the cashier's suggestion, despite his mention that the dry-rub style sell better. I love a good sauce, and theirs was spot on! Not to spicy, not too sweet, but good balance and robust flavor that complemented the char of the chicken as well as the meaty ribs. BF and I picked off of one another's plates but the obvious was that I should have gone for a second meat plate rather than a wrap.The mozzarella wrap was large and tasty, and served as an excellent vehicle for that amazing garlic ranch sauce they have, but the taste of the cold chicken was more subdued and the grill-fresh char flavor was rendered almost absent. It's a good healthy-ish option though, but I might opt for a salad instead next time.As for the sides? The saffron rice was moist and flavorful, and the mac was solid- not dry, not overly cheesy and saucy, but a good version worth having on the menu that doesn't feel too heavy or contrast too sharply with the other major menu offerings. Attentive and helpful service, damn good chicken and ribs, AND a Yelp deal to offset the price? Done. Final notes: Use your Yelp app to check in, and get 30% off (not not in combination with the Yelp deal) or sign up for their mailing list online and get coupons and specials to your inbox on a regular basis.
5	Those who rated this place less than 5 stars need to see a tongue doctor and get checked up. Seriously. Or do yourselves a favor and just cut your tongue off! Either that or you're simply too stupid to recognize good food. Because the chicken at NCC is one of the top 3 chickens I've had in my life!!! And that includes many many fancy and expensive places.Will definitely come back again. and again. and again. and again.....
4	I have never had any problems with Kentucky chicken before but after trying the Nevada chicken cafe I realized I've been missing out on some damn good chicken.Every time I drove by the area I could see the smoke coming from the restaurant but it wasn't until my friend, an expert on smoke signals, convinced me to try it and the rest is history.... I inhaled, now I'm hooked.They have more than chicken, they also serve BBQ ribs and a great variety of sides, sandwiches and salads. We ordered a whole chicken to go and ate it at home with some homemade sides from previous meals that we already had, the chicken was moist and very flavorful it went great with just anything. I have a feeling I will be stopping here for chicken every time there's a potluck, family, or friends gathering... nothing wrong for taking credit for good chicken!Totally recommended, so next time you find yourself on Sahara and Jones make sure to follow the smoke, you'll find no gold at the end but you'll find some of the most friendly people, wonderful service and some great food!  You'll  be also supporting a local independent business and that's one ingredient that makes everything more satisfying!
3	I would have given this place 4 stars purely for using a yelp deal, but if 3 stars means "A-Ok" than that is plenty enough for the food I received.The place was slamming packed at noon on a Saturday so I figured that's a good sign.I Had the whole cut chicken with mashed potatoes and macaroni and cheese to go....Chicken was on the dry side which has been mentioned in a lot of reviews...so I almost kind of expected it. It did have a nice flavor though...maybe they intentionally overcook the chicken due to fear from a salmonella outbreak and don't want to end up closed like Fire Fly. ***The fact that you can get an equally delicious full roasted chicken hot and fresh from Walmart, Smith's, Sam's Club, etc...for like $6...take it home and have it hot and MOIST is where I really struggle to find the value in the meal I ate had I not had the discount. $21.50 for dry chicken...I would have been pissed without the $10 off.The macaroni and cheese was average but the mashed potatoes were really good. They still had bits of the red peel from the potato and it was flavored well with a delicious gravy...that was probably the highlight of the meal. They included 2 tortilla skins and I couldn't figure out what I was to do with them. I know Pollo Tropical has the salsa bar to go with the tortilla but when I waited for my order I sat in front of the TV and watched some NBA playoffs...perhaps it was in the back and I didn't notice. I ended up making one mashed potato and chicken breast burrito which I don't think I'll ever repeat again...didn't seem to work.
4	Chicken is almost always consistent. Juicy!!Better for it to be overcooked than under cooked.The sides are awesome.So many to choose from, so fresh.When you sign up , you get super deals online too.If you are in the area. a must try
5	This place was gooooood. Service was great the guy with the long blonde hair was super helpful and patient with my bf and I this afternoon when we went to check it out. He even told us some of his recommendations and gave us a couple samples of the side dishes to try before we got them. I ended up choosing a rib and chicken combo. It came with 3 ribs, a breast, a leg, 1 side and a drink. I chose mashed potatoes as my side. Bf got the 12 chicken wings and a side of mac and cheese. We loaded up on different dipping sauces at the salsa bar and sat down. We waited about 10 minutes but the food was fresh and hot so I didn't mind. The chicken was good had good flavor and was not dry as others said. The ribs were good as well but the star of the meal was the chicken wings my bf ordered. Grilled with their homemade bbq sauce they were crispy with a little char on them soooo damn good. The mashed potatoes were pretty good but the Mac was not good at all. It was pretty bland and watery I should have went with the chicken pasta salad. Next time for sure and there will most certainly be a next time.
5	This is the best BBQ I've ever had. I keep coming back day after day just to get the whole menu. The sandwiches are fantastic and the meat is tender and juicy. The garlic ranch dressing is good on just about anything.
1	Meh, I've had better. The Mac & Cheese was good though. Average.
4	Must try the spinach pasta with feta cheese!
4	this is the best clean chicken in Nevada
5	This place is BOMB. I was recently out in Las Vegas and was tired of food establishments on the Strip so started looking for other places to eat at.  I had the 3 piece dark mesquite with cucumber salad and saffron rice. The chicken was some of the best I have ever had. Moist, juicy and flavorful. I was slightly disappointed in the rice. It tasted like plain buttered white rice to me. The cucumber salad was delicious as well. Fresh and had the right amount of tang and sweetness to it. I would definitely recommend this anyone visiting or not.
3	Used a Yelp voucher and got the 1/4 rack ribs and chicken (leg/thigh) combo with mac & cheese as a side.  Chicken and ribs were pretty good - both a tiny bit on the dry side but still very flavorful. Mac & cheese was very bland and didn't taste like anything.  Would definitely come back for the chicken, although I do think it is a bit priceywithout the voucher.
3	First time trying this place! I was craving rotisserie chicken, and bought the $20 for $10 yelp deal. I got two combos with ribs and chicken. The ribs were in a delicious sauce, and they were tender and juicy and not overcooked. The chicken, however, was dry. It had good seasoning, but the dryness ruined the chicken for me. That was very disappointing, since that is their main item. I would go back for the ribs, but definitely not the chicken.
4	I love this place. The mesquite grilled chicken is always really good. The bbq sauce is good, not anything too special but tasty. The sweet potatoes are really good too, a nice alternative to a mashed potato, which my coworker loves theirs. I quite like their sauteed vegetables and fresh fruit...they put more than just cantaloupe in the bowl, so I opt for this all the time. I didn't care for the spinach pasta with feta, it lacked flavor which surprised me. All in all you can't go wrong with the chicken here, I can't wait for the one near my work to open. The ribs always smell amazing so one day I will have to venture outside the box and go for it.
1	I went into the Restaurant to order a Rib and Chicken combo only to find out the did not have any ribs.  So I ordered a 3 piece chicken meal with 2 sides.  The two sides I wanted they were also out of so I ordered mashed potatoes and macaroni and cheese.  The potatoes were cold and the macaroni tasted like water.  In addition the chicken was dry.  On top of all of this the juveniles working behind the counter were more interested in yelling at each other than cooking.  This place is not worth the money and time it takes to get a meal.
1	I ordered this for pick up at my job and wasn't the one to get it so I can't say anything of the service, but I can say that nothing about this meal was satisfying. The sides were disgusting and the chicken, which I thought would have to be good, was dry and bland. I actually ended up getting very sick after eating their food.
2	Nevada Dry Chicken Cafe was an extreme disappoint from the chicken to the side dishes. I ordered the 1/4 chicken with spinach feta cheese pasta and sweet potatoes as my sides. Both of them tasted like cafeteria food. I exchanged them for the BBQ beans and the coleslaw which were definitely better. I will not be back because a restaurant that is named the chicken cafe should know how to properly cook their chicken.
3	First let it be know I do not like BBQ sauce.......that being said I really like the  ribs that have the rub not the sauce. My husband like the chicken and mashed potatoes. All the sides are just okay. Also I wish I could just order ribs solo. Only chicken comes solo or as a combo. Yet I still crave this place......so give me just ribs as an option please, then you'd be a 4 Fo Sho!
5	I was surprised by the low reviews on here! Nevada Chicken Cafe is fantastic! It is one of our favorite places in town and has been for years! The chicken is fresh, tasty and fast. The prices are reasonable and there is almost always a deal to be had by following them on Facebook! We are so excited there is one opening on the southwest side of town!
4	I ate here on the advice of a co-worker. The price was decent and the good was good. A bit smokey walking into the business as you pass by the outside grills. Overall a fair meal for a fair price.
4	We ordered the family meal. 1 slab ribs with chicken and 3 sides. Mashed potatoes w/gravy, roasted potatoes and fresh fruit. All were good. We especially liked the roasted potatoes. We ordered our ribs 1/2 with sauce and 1/2 without sauce. Both were really good. We loved the chicken wings that we ordered with our dinner. They were really moist, tender and very good. A big hot with the family. We will definitely be back. One more thing- the employees were very kind and helpful. Great place to take your family if you like BBQ.
5	Second visit, this time to pick up lunches for a few of us at the office.  NCC offers online ordering for pick up or delivery, but I like the lunchtime energy of the place, so I did my ordering the old fashioned way--in line.  My boss liked his chicken caesar salad, said the greens were fresh, the chicken breast very tasty.  We girls had the half slab each of baby back ribs, seasoned with a great rub which made the ribs deliciously tender.  Finger licking goodness. There was no need for a sauce, even though a tub was included. The sweet potatoes were steamed in natural juices, not sugary stuff, and made a perfect side dish.  We BBQ rib fans have travelled across the Vegas valley for some good ribs and on this day, we all agreed these were the best of the rest!
4	The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars in my book is the new change to their chicken pasta. Don't mess with the classics man..The chicken is great and I love their sides. I would suggest the sweet potatoes or pesto pasta.  Building your own salad  is also a great! The salsa bar is also awesome and I am addicted to their ranch. They have also added juices and smoothies.
5	Wow. So I got the yelp deal for this and I was pleasantly surprised. I got the group on for me and my boyfriend and he's a really picky eater, so I was really crossing my fingers that he would like this place. I ordered the chicken Ceaser wrap with the broccoli salad  and he got the 1/4 ribs , breast and wings and a side of mashed potatoes. Wow just wow! We will most definitely be coming back! Along with that everyone was super nice and courteous. My bf got the Mac and cheese and didn't like it and sent it back and they had to problem giving us something else. Thanks Nevada chicken cafe !!
1	This place is over priced for a fast food joint Mac and cheese is bland can't taste cheese at all , mashed potato is ok,  BBQ ribs and chicken just average. I was hoping this place has something different to offer. Very Disappointed :(I wish I used my check-in for $10 off
4	I don't go to this location very often...so I can't really comment on the service etc. But I do use these guys a lot for catering for my work. Nico the owner is always extremely helpful in this regard. Him and the staff always help get the order in and make sure everything is on time. I would highly recommend for your catering needs.  They also have a new location on 215/rainbow opening up soon. As far as the food goes...I love their rotisserie chicken, salad mashed potatoes and mac n cheese. I have never gotten any complaints when I use these guys. Give em a try.
4	Stopped in for lunch. Nice and clean and smelled like Bar -B-Q. Off to a good start. I Ordered a full rack, St. Louis style. with a side of Mac and cheese. I have had better Mac and cheese. A little to thin and not cheesy enough. Not a big deal , I came to eat ribs. I was very happy, large meaty rigs  that were tender and well seasoned. Cooked with a decent sauce that caramelized nicely with a bit of char especially on the tips. Worth the trip, folks were nice, going to be back.
1	The only thing impressive about this cafe was the mesquite grill. I got the house chicken wrap with no sprouts and a side of mashed potatoes to go. It wasn't busy at all and the food took a while. But not only did it take a while, when I got home I realized my order was wrong. They got the house wrap right but it had sprouts and I was missing my side of mashed potatoes that I paid for. And oh, there were bones in my chicken wrap. Never going back. Note to anyone that does order to go: check your order thoroughly before you leave!!!
3	Not the best I've ever had.  Maybe they serve better cuts to the celebrities that visit.   It took nearly 10 min before anyone acknowledged us.  Then the staff was friendly and attentive.   My chicken Caesar was gobbed with dressing and had dry chicken.  The up side was, my husband forgot to order my salad without croutons so they offered to remake the whole dish.  I declined but later wished I had said yes.  I bit into a small bone and a quarter if the dish was croutons.   The ribs were good (but dry) and the mac and cheese was ech.UPDATE:  the peperonchinis made my family seriously gassy, etc.  Glad I didn't eat them.
1	Ordered half a chicken white meat to go and it was $10 dollars, They cut a good size chunk of chicken out of the chicken breast for no reason beyond "that's what they do." The restaurant didn't supply silverware with the order and they gave one quarter of a flour tortilla. What in the world am I supposed to do with that?!?! The guy behind the counter tried real hard to upsell me on sides and came off like an oily car salesman. After getting my food home I discovered several long black hairs in and around my chicken...GROSS!!!!I love supporting local business, but this was a terrible experience for mediocre food. If they ever post a sign saying "Under New Management," then I might give this place another chance.
1	I'm writing this and I haven't even tasted the food yet. Poor service = unrecoverable in my book. This was the first time I have been to "Nevada Chicken Cafe". The experience was nothing special. I spent about 10 minutes in line at the lunch rush and was never greeted until I got to the register to briefly order for 60 seconds and sit down to wait for my food. I brought my "3 piece meal" back to my office to discover they only gave me 2 pieces of chicken. Thanks Nevada Chicken Cafe - I am sure it is a great way to reduce cost by shorting orders. How do you literally F that one up. There is nothing in the box but chicken!? The reciept shows 3 and there isnt even an option for 2 pieces on the menu. What idiots are working there? My advice? If you don't care about poor general service for food you could just make at home - go ahead and try it - but check your order.and for the chicken? well, nothing your average 8 year old couldnt overcook on your backyard grill.
1	I hate this place, yet I constantly go here because its the restaurant that sucks the least out of all venues in this neighborhood. The first and most flagrant violation that this restaurant makes is that it is a blatant knock off of California Chicken Cafe. CCC is a very respectable chicken chain in southern california that does EXACTLY what Nevada Chicken Cafe tries to do, only 100x better, cleaner, cheaper, and more efficiently. The owner of Nevada Chicken must have gone into CCC, enjoyed his meal, and unintelligently figured he could replicate the same concept in Nevada. I would imagine that if one were to conduct their due diligence, the owner of Nevada Chicken has some personal ties to Southern California and i would imagine his credit card statements would show multiple purchases at California Chicken Cafe restaurants while he was conducting field research / concept theft.  Setting aside the fact that this concept is a ripoff of another restaurant, this place really sucks. When you walk through the doors you are greeted by the smell of stale chicken rotting into the cracks and crevices of banquettes and refrigerator vents. This place is incessantly filthy and you feel like you might get ringworm just by resting your elbows on the tables. How a restaurant manages to stay so filthy, so frequently is beyond me. God forbid you have to go to the 'salsa bar', you will see the remnants of weeks old chicken and tomatoes, salsa stained floors and sneeze guards, and rotting cucumbers. The tables always have old food on them and if you ask someone to clean the tables they'll look at you like you farted in their mouth. This leads me to the main problem with this restaurant. The staff. Everyone that works at this restaurant seems to have been bludgeoned in the head with a pipe, bat, or brick at some point during their childhood developmental years. I dont typically venture to quick concept restaurants expecting rhode scholar employees to be serving me bbq chicken, but i do expect to pay for what i ordered, and I expect consistency when ordering the same thing twice. I guess the only thing consistent about this restaurant, is that they are consistently inconsistent. If you order an avocado wrap with a side caesar salad, and an additional side of roasted potatoes, you should anticipate receiving something like an avocado-less wrap with a side of corn and and extra side of macaroni. So if you go to this restaurant, make sure you proof read the food once it is handed over. If you do happen to get avocado on your avocado wrap, it will probably come from a premature avocado and your avocado will have the consistency of a frozen stick of butter. Nevada Chicken Cafe is REALLY good at serving un-ripe avocados. I've actually watched the desperate employee in the glasses grab a premature avocado and mash the poor thing on the counter top to try and soften it up so his knife could cut through the skin. The food here is shit. All of it is bland. The thing that is so disappointing about this place is that it would take SO LITTLE to make this restaurant good. The concept is so easy... its just chicken. Grill it, cut it, serve it, and dont screw it up. I think thats why I constantly go back. I figure, 'how can they mess this up? It must have been a fluke the last 100 times.' Screw this place. I'm finally done letting you ruin my meals. Fuck Nevada Chicken Cafe.
1	Decided to try this place today since it was new in the neighborhood....It was terrible!  I ordered the chicken avocado wrap and I personally do not eat avocado or carrots so I asked for it without avocados or carrots. As I was walking out of the store I looked around and noticed that two of the what I have to assume owners cars were parked directly in front of the restaurant taking up guest parking including a spot that isn't even parking. When I got home sat down to eat and opened my food up I was totally disappointed, they got my order wrong, I was hungry so I started to eat around what I didn't like the chicken was dry and had very little flavor. So I gave the other half of my wrap to my husband who isn't picky at all and he didn't even like it. I definitely will not go back! Not to mention I paid $13 for the wrap and a soda...which is wayyyyy to pricey for the quality.
3	I ordered a whole chicken and mashed potatoes with gravy. I felt that the food was very good. The service was just ok but nothing bad. The worst part is that they serve Pepsi. Pepsi regardless if you like it or not is not only a competitor to food establishments but it is by was very distant second to coca cola in terms of preference nationally.I will definitely return and enjoy more chicken!
3	It's ok. That's how I would describe this place. I stood in front of the register for a good 5 mins before the guy behind the register acknowledge my presence. I understand that he was counting out his drawer, but good customer service dictates that you at least greet your customers and thank them for their patience. This is the second time we have eaten here. The chicken tastes good, but is too dry. The sides are pretty good. Overall this place has a ton of potential however they need to work on their staff's morale as well as downsizing their menu to a few quality selections versus a big menu of average selections.
2	This was my first time at this location since I had only been to the new one in the SW. When I had gone to the new location I thought the chicken was decent, however, now coming to the Sahara location I'm not sure if I would return Nevada Chicken Cafe.The wait time alone is a turn off! After placing my take out order I waited another 25 or so min before getting my order. Why did it take so long? There were no other orders for them to kick out because there was barely anyone there when I arrived and everyone seated at booths were already eating.When I finally got my food and took it home, I realized that they hadn't given me any utensils...luckily I wasn't trying to eat in the car or something otherwise I would've been screwed. I had ordered a half chicken w/ mashed potatoes and a chicken cobb salad w/ blue cheese. The half chicken were tiny pieces and there were only 3 of them instead of 4. Is the wing not considered part of one half of a chicken? Because I didn't get one. The mashed potatoes were garbage and had no taste to it even though it was smothered in gravy. The cobb salad ironically looked much larger than the half chicken, but I had gotten it for the gf. Maybe I should've gotten 2 salads since both meals were about the same price at $9-10 each.If the half chicken meals are this small I could eat 2 chickens then. Crazy! If they were going to half ass my meal then they should've gotten the order out sooner! Any other chicken restaurant out there would probably be better than this place!
4	Let me begin by saying that I like this place alot. The atmosphere and the outdoor dining area really works for Nevada Chicken Cafe. There are problems that could easily be corrected and controlled. I am a huge soup lover and they offer a superb chicken veggie soup. No noodles which is perfect for I try to avoid the carbs. First time that I tried the soup it was outstanding, due to in large part on account of the seasoning or spices added to the broth. When I ordered the same soup tonight, the zip was gone. It was good, but not the same as the first time.When I inquired about this a polite young man was unable to answer why this could be. Apparently there is not one person who makes the soup and all apparently prepare it differently. First time really filled with chicken chunks and veggies. Tonight, emphasis on the broth, not the ingredients. My wife ordered among other things corn on the cob. Last time it was perfect, this time salty. Lack of consistency is the result of lack of supervision.Love the ribs.......love the chicken. Great place to go but needs some TLC.Doesn't rate a 5When the fix the soup it gets a 5. For now a 4 is the best it gets.
3	I've been doing the no-carb thing every time I visit Nevada Chicken Cafe, so I have yet to try a lot of their sides. I've had the chicken, ribs, salads, and slaw, though, and their cole-slaw is my favorite in the city. (It's what keeps me coming back, along with the service, honesty). The chicken and ribs are both tender, juicy and flavorful, even without sauce, which is great in keto and low carb diet world. Add as much or as little as you like? Yes please. The chicken is similar to a "step above" something like el Pollo Loco, but the price reflects that as well. Ribs are nibbly and porky and make it feel like not just another low carb chicken meal.The staff have always been incredibly polite and friendly to me when I visit, and the food comes out fast, making it ideal for takeout or lunch in a hurry.It's nothing over the moon spectacular, but when you just don't want to cook, or seem like a prick for ordering weird shit, you can totally got keto at NCC.
1	mmmmm...,,,,mmm... bad! This place was definitely not what a majority of my co-workers had described it.  How can you burn chicken that bad? Here are my ratings for their service:Customer Service - 5 StarsChicken Pasta - 1 Star (only because the chicken wasn't burnt)Mashed Potatoes - 1/2 Star (only for the effort)I ordered the family 4 meal and it was terrible.  I was hoping to write a good review, but the chicken pasta was soaked in thousand island dressing.  Not a huge fan of thousand island sauce unless i can use it on my "In & Out" burger.  Mashed Potatoes? Sooooooo disappointed, they covered my mashed potatoes with gravy for me so when i got home it had all blended in together.  Husband was not happy.  Chicken was very bland in seasoning, but thanks to the charred areas, there was a burnt taste at least.  I wish I could say more about the place, but unfortunately "this is all she wrote".
4	The chicken was bomb! Eat it all at once bc like most bbq chicken, gets kind of tough after a while. They serve organic chicken, supposedly so that is a very good thing!
1	This review is a couple months overdue.The mac and cheese was cold and tasted gross.  The ribs were dry.   My husband ordered the half chicken and today he has been showing signs of foodborne illness (diarrhea, etc).  The 'C' grade on the wall issued by the health department should have been a red flag.
5	Great chicken and other BBQ.Get the yelp special - spend $10 to get $20 worth of food.Simple settings, inside or outside seating.All serve-yourself.The ribs are great!
2	We've passed here for several years and have always wanted to check it out.  They grill they chicken outdoors and you can smell the delicious smoke from blocks away. We finally tried it today and we were very disappointed.  We ordered the family meal.  Full chicken, rack of ribs, and three sides.   The chicken was dry.  The ribs were okay...tasted like they were boiled.   And the sides were mediocre.  The family meal was $50. They have one flavor of BBQ sauce.  It tasted like regular KC Masterpiece.  They had one hit sauce, which tasted like Frank's Red Hot.  Service was good.  Location was convenient.  Food was mediocre.  We won't be back.
3	We came with high expectations, but left feeling it was nothing terribly special. The chicken was dry. Usually, I wouldn't ding a restaurant for chicken being dry as it is hard to get it just right. However, their business is chicken!!!
5	Such a great place! Great employees! Delicious chicken and those ribs are to die for! ;)
4	Only four stars because they were out of ribs tpday and the cucumber salad left a lot to be desired. I had the whole white meat only chicken meal with two sides. My chicken wasn't over cooked or dry and it had a great smokey flavor which is complimented by their BBQ sauce. I also had the sweet potatoes which were awesome and not too sweet with their fantastic mac n cheese which had a nice buttery taste. I have finally found my take out chicken place.
5	Besides Carson Kitchen, this is by far my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas, and for different reasons. The food here is prepared fresh and you can see the entire kitchen and the meat rotating over a wood fire. The flavor is outstanding and the options in sides range from healthy to not healthy (my personal favorite being the mashed potatoes and gravy and the macaroni and cheese). Get the chicken and rib combo so as to try both and you will keep coming back for more.
5	The ribs were amazing & the grilled chicken was tasty. I also had a corn on the cob that was cooked on the grill. Usually I have it steamed & slather on the butter. This time the corn didn't need butter& was perfect.The restaurant was very busy for lunch on a weekday. Clean & service was good. Will be back again.
5	My office is really close to this spot. Some days I think, maybe I'll call in sick today because work is work, but then suddenly and without notice I develop a craving for chicken. Chicken Cafe chicken specifically, duh. I'm a vegetarian, I mean like depending on the day and how melodramatic I feel like being. So if a sometimes vegetarian loves this chicken enough to not call in sick to work then, my friends, you will love it too. The wraps are the best I've ever had. I feel like this place has a cult following because it's always so packed. Such a strange mix of people from business men in suits to call girls in call girl glitter attire. Chicken Cafe brings everyone together. They're just, ya know, saving the world , one rotisserie chicken at a time. I give them props and I give them my lunch money three days a week. Tell the chef I say yum. Over and out.
3	Great smell walking into the place. My girlfriend and her daughter both got the chicken and ribs with a side salad, I ordered the chicken chili. Food came out fairly quickly, and the first thing I noticed was the chili was spicy, but served barely warm. My girlfriend asked the woman taking her order if the meal came with a salad and she said it didn't, so she ordered side salads for her and her daughter; the meal came out with salads on the plate AND two more salads that she asked for (basically charged for 2 unnecessary salads). No complaints about their food whatsoever, I even tried a little of the ribs and chicken. The one thing I noticed was the customer area was sparkling, they had someone (sometimes 2 people) cleaning the dining area (you could smell the cleaning supplies a little too much), but I'd rather the restaurant be too clean than not enough.Even though my meal wasn't hot, it is worth another shot sometime. I will be back again.
4	I love the food here! Everything I've ever had has impressed me. The main dishes, the sides, everything. DELISH. The service, however, definitely leaves a LOT to be desired. Tonight, we waited a while at the register before anyone even said hello. And the food took a while to come out. We ordered from here last month for a work function. When I came to pick it up, they had lost my entire order. They gave me a 10% discount for the inconvenience, but come on!
4	I thoroughly enjoyed the ribs and chicken. Its like backyard cooking without the clean up and preparation. If only they served burgers from that grill I'd be here every week. One star missing because the ribs should be baked or boiled before grilling so the meat falls off the bone.  They aren't tough,but not as tender as one would like either. The sides such as mac and cheese and potato salad were delish! Everything just tasted gimmick free and straight forward. It's hard to find that in Vegas. Why was there a tortilla in my to go box?
3	First time to nevada chicken and  the ribs were bomb! I had chicken as well it was ok nothing I would get again but we had mac and cheese as a side dish horrible worst mac and cheese I've had
2	Went to the Nevada Chicken Cafe off of Rainbow Blvd. for dinner with my friend. I was unfortunately disappointed with this location. First of all it was SO NOISY!!!! The music that was playing was so loud I thought I was in a club. I couldn't even hear the cashier & talking to my friend was almost impossible. There was a couple of minutes between the albums & that was a nice rest. Then it started again.  The food wasn't as good as the Sahara location. We both got a combo rib & 1/4 chicken dinner. This time the ribs didn't fall off the bone & it was kind of dry. I had to slather the bbq sauce to make it "wetter". The chicken was good but, you could tell that it wasn't as fresh as the first time I ate at NCC. I got a corn on the cobb again but, it was hard as a rock. I had to slather the butter on it to eat the cobb. The last time I didn't even need butter it was so good.  The bus person cleaned all of the dirty tables but didn't even touch our dishes tbat were clearly done. I guess I'm being picky, being in the f & b industry but I hate a dirty table & always try to clear dishes to make room for my guests. I don't get why she didn't do that.  I left a 20% tip with the cashier & absolutely no thank you from the cashier who saw me leave a good tip. It's pretty sad that employees have no personality & have no grace to say thank you. After allTips aren't guaranteed. I will be going to the Sahara location instead of the Rainbow location from now on.
5	This has to be one of the better bbq chicken places I've been to. Their ribs are just as good as any of the large bbq places. They make all their sides from scratch. I've seen them actually peeling all the sweet potatoes, it's great. I love their bbq wings, they are awesome.
5	Well I took my girlfriend in there for the first time tonight we ordered two half rack of ribs mashed potatoes and gravy and potatoes the food was excellent the atmosphere is clean and we were watching a football game that was on TV and had a very enjoyable evening my girlfriend was very impressed with the food and she says he will be back again myself I've been to your establishment five to six times within the last 2 years.
5	The food is excellent! Crisp, juicy and tasty corn on the cob, roasted garlic potatoes, chicken, and ribs!  I came in between lunch and dinner rush.  The employees were very friendly and everyone Busy cleaning... Detail cleaning! Very refreshing to see!
