1	Waste of money. I went over here on recommendations from my boss because my other nail go to girl was slammed and I was going on vacation. I should have walked out when I walked in this place to hear crickets chirping it was so dead.What a MISTAKE. The man kept laughing at me when I asked him for what I usually get, said he did not have liquid gel, no gel, he had never heard of such a thing, that I had to have powder, I was confused. He was ROUGH. Afterward my hands hurt for days. I asked for my nails to be thin, and TWICE for him to taper them toward my cuticle so they didnt look like 70's press on nails. Unfortunately they turned out that way anyway. THEN at the end he gets out the LIQUID GEL and puts on a top coat of it!! I said THAT is what I wanted in the first place! He says no, we do acrylic powder then gel. NO WE DONT! I specifically started getting gels because acrylic hurts my nails so bad. I left with awful looking nails, was WAY WAY over charged (44 dollars for acrylic?!) and then had to squeeze in an appointment with my girl before I left to fix them later in the week. (I pay 28 for gels at my other salon I dont know where in the world this guy got his price from, since they do not post the prices on the wall they can just charge whatever they feel like I guess.)And the worst part!!?? I got a nail infection from here!! Two days after I went I got a yellow spot that turned black and painful! I have never in my LIFE had a nail infection...GROSS!!!  Now I see why your shop was empty while my usual place was slammed!!
5	Great service all around. The deluxe pedicure is awesome, they do a sugar and salt scrub on feet and legs, hot stone massage, and a refreshing mint mask to top it off. They also have cool massage chairs you sit in during the service.
5	My Favorite Pampering Spot! Steve & Cindy provide the Absolute Best quality service. It's one of those places where everyone knows your name and what you like. I love that! Thank You oxox
5	Excellent services at reasonable prices.
5	This salon in under new management...  I absolutely LOVED it.  Very clean, warm and relaxing.  The prices are great and the team of people working there are very friendly and totally take care of you!  I love the color scheme they chose, its not your typical bright green, blue, purple walls...  all earth tones and new spas for pedicures.  Love my girl there...  "Holly" you are wonderful!!!
5	I moved into the area about a year ago and has bounced around a lot because I have been disappointed time an time again. Until now.... Hannah is awesome!!! She is not your typical strip mall nail tech.  Her work is very articulate and they use Creative products there.  She has worked at High end casino spas, so its nice to get the same pampering for a fraction of the price. The salon is also very clean with a good variety of gel.
5	Went today for pedicures me and my husband we were treated very well couldn't have been nicer! Will be going back again
4	I swear sometimes trying to find a new nail place is worse than trying to find a new OB/Gyn.I found this place on Yelp and trusted my fellow Yelpers to hook a sister up.Forgive me father, for I had sinned; it had been about 9 weeks since my last pedicure. My penance was having my tech *tsk* at me as I hung my head in shame and apologized and promised to make it less time in between.  I must say, I'm a fan!  Clean, well-lit and friendly salon, with great techs.  I was able to relax a bit before heading home to deal with my heathens.  And that right there is worth its very own little star!
5	I decided to give this place a try after taking a peek inside one day when I was in the center.  This place is fantastic!  I can't believe how clean this place is!  I had a really nice pedicure by a very friendly lady and I wish I would have gotten her name.  I then had a gel manicure from Hannah.  I love how my nails look!  Hannah knows her stuff and I will definitely be back.  Thank you ladies for great service!! I hope to be in again soon. I'm hooked!!
4	Decided to try this salon based on the reviews, Angel did my pedicure and she is fabulous I will defiantly be back to see her! My nails look great also I love the selection of color gel they have. Overall nice salon and believe me I'm extremely picky
5	Came in a few weeks ago for a mani/pedi and was paired up with Vi.  Although I've been frequenting this salon for over a year, this visit was my first time with her.  She was nothing like the other artists I've experienced in the past.  She was very personable and never once tried to up-sell me into gel or acrylics.  I liked that.  She was very thorough with her work and left me feeling pleased at the end of my visit.  Loved Vi and would definitely recommend her to anyone.
5	I stopped by on a whim since I really wanted to try gel nail polish for the first time.  I didn't realize it was 6:55pm and the place closed at 7pm.  Lucky for me, Hannah was willing to take me since all I wanted was a mani and my nails were au natural. I'm so thankful she made accommodations because I'm now in love with my nails and this place!The salon went under new management around mid October 2012 and was renovated.  The massage chairs look brand new and the entire place is beautifully decorated.  Normally, I don't like talking to the staff when I get my nails done, but Hannah was so nice and charming I didn't mind it one bit and it wasn't awkward at all.She used to work for high end salons in strip hotels and the quality definitely translates.  She took high end salon procedures and customer service and made them affordable.  I could tell she took pride in her work when she meticulously worked on my nails to ensure each of them were perfect - and I am thrilled with the end result.  She made me sanitize my hands right away (never been asked to do that in a nail salon before but it totally makes sense) and talked about how she emphasizes cleanliness in her salon to prevent Staph infections.  The inner health care professional in me was ecstatic.  Also, since I had never had gel nails before, she took the time to show me how to remove them at home.  She also stressed she asks all her staff to speak English around the clients, which I think is a huge plus for customer service.The salon itself is beautiful, my nails turned out wonderful, the service was phenomenal, and the prices are super competitive with other local nail salons.  Hannah trains the staff herself so I believe you'd get the same level of care even if she wasn't there.  I highly recommend this place and will definitely be back!
5	LOVE this place! I went with my GF earlier this week for the 1st time and I was really happy with them. They were fast and professional and the prices are not bad either!
5	I have been looking for a nail place close to work/home, and chose this one because it was right in the middle and had great Yelp reviews (unlike the one closest to work, and the other one closest to home). I got lucky - I think I've found my new permanent nail place! It was clean, the staff friendly, and they did exactly what I asked. My toes feel a million times better (I have terrible ingrowns that need help) and my gel French tips still look great after 3 days. The prices were just as they said, even though it's kind of confusing and took me a while to figure out, plus I got 5% for checking in with Yelp. They deserve all the good reviews!
3	I called the day before to set an appointment time so that I wouldn't have to wait. Too bad, waited a half an hour to get in mani chair. Spoke to the owner about what I wanted and he was on board in no time.  My nails were already short because I prep before I go, he insisted on filing more and filed my skin, not fun.Other  than that little pain, I thought he did a great job. Pedi chair was available right after my mani was finished. The girl insisted on trimming my toe nails even if I requested filing there too. Nipped the quick, now I'm a little pissed. If it weren't for the good conversation that I had with a spunky New Yorker, I might have walked out, with a gratis mani. I will give them another try just in case they had an off day. Very clean and no smoking staff.
3	Came in as a walk in and only waited 15 mins. Which was fine because I take forever to decide on a gel color. Got a pedicure, it was nice. I did feel like it was kind of fast though maybe because I was getting a manicure after? I loved my gel manicure only complaint is that some nails weren't painted all the way to my cuticle! What is that about? Anyway, friendly staff, clean place. Will stop in again, hopefully get different people and determine my thoughts then. Not sure if this is the one for me just yet!
5	I walked in on a Friday afternoon and got in immediately. Super clean salon with fancy massage chairs for my pedicure. Everyone is very nice and friendly. I got a deluxe pedicure, which was excellent. I would definitely recommend this salon!
5	I love this place. Very friendly-everyone said hello and goodbye! I feel like Angel did a fantastic job on my pedi. She took her time and I didnt feel rushed like some other salons I have been to. Very very clean, and every thing looks well taken care of. Very reasonable prices. I have already made my next appointment.
5	This is a second review in less than a month of the same business. I'm in food and beverage and really hard on my hands. Not many products survive the two weeks of my life. As usual the gel started lifting and I had to return for new gel mani.I wanted to give them another chance from the first visit. So glad I did. Vivian is a dream, so sweet and very thorough in her work. She spoke to me about clipping/filing and listened.Jennifer assisted her in my Gel removal, I recognize her from a Rhodes Ranch salon, and she was very sweet and calm. The manager/owner walked passed me when I had acetone/foil on my fingertips and told me to take my hands of the arm rests of the spa chair because he didn't want the varnish taken off. I get that, but not a professional way of handling a customer. He should have quietly told Vivian to put a towel under my hands instead of forcing me to place them on my belly to ruin my clothes. Of course I didn't comply, but anyway that's just me. So I'm going back to Vivian and glad I found her, I'll probably be switching back to Acrylics because they can survive the two weeks in between manis. Hannah seems to be the go to girl. Ill try her next because Vivian is allergic to the Acrylic powder :(...
4	I was treated to a manicure at this location by a friend and it was awesome! Very clean and the staff were very welcoming and friendly. I got a classic manicure and my technician was very nice and did an excellent job grooming my nails as well as giving me a much needed hand and arm massage! Prices were great too. Would definitely go back in the future.
3	I went here with a friend for a girls' afternoon and we treated ourselves to manicures :)I had called ahead to double-check that they had technicians available before we came there. Upon walking in, we were immediately greeted and then told to sign in at the reception desk. You "sign in" on an individual slip which will break down pricing and everything for you. Good + for people who constantly complain about not being quoted for add-ons or do not know how much their service will be. All you have to do is ask. When we were seated, another guest walked in and asked for a pedicure. They asked if she would mind waiting and she said "Of course not," so she sat down and waited. I heard one of the ladies say in Vietnamese "Hurry, hurry, get the manicure done as fast as possible." That's a no no my friend. If we are there and she is a walk-in as well, then please give us the time that we deserve and are paying for. The ONLY reason they did not get docked another star for what she said is because the man who did my friend's manicure DID take his time, did not rush, and definitely took care of her nails very well. She even finished AFTER me and she received the standard manicure. She was very happy with her technician.Steven was the one who did my gel manicure and for most of the service, he was either on his cell phone or the store phone. It didn't bother me much because I understood the conversation and it WAS for business, but he did walk away several times. However, he did clean up my nails nicely and I really like my gel manicure. He even gave me a stamp card for next time.I didn't have a grand experience like most other Yelpers so I probably won't be here again unless it's more convenient than other places.
5	Service is pleasant, professional and above all, the tools are all sterilized and not a spec of dust on the tables or equipment. Even the baseboards are clean. This salon is the best I've seen in Las Vegas.
1	STAY AWAY! Me and my friends found this place in Yelp and since it had decent reviews and was close by our homes we gave it a try. It was my birthday so I called ahead for appointments. We were running about 10-15 mins late. They called asking where we were, I informed them we were running late. When we arrived there was nobody else in the salon. Our pedicure stations were set up with water that was cold. The older lady that did my mani pedi completely tore up my cuticles. I continually told her to stop, that she was hurting me, but apparently she didn't understand. I should have stood up and walked out to be honest. This is now what my fingers and toes look like (see picture) and I'm in pain!!!! I'm hoping I don't get an infection.
5	Thank you! Your staff is wonderful. It shows you all care about your customers. I see a lot of repeat business every time I come in. I will always come back. Cindy and Pricilla took great care of me today as usual!
1	This used to be my favorite place, turns out they have changed ownership again.   I sent my dad, husband and daughter, $187 later they came home with bloody cuticles and no foot massage or anything that did come with the pedi.  They charged my daughter $30 to paint her nails, she's 3.  I have in the past paid $5-$10 for her nails.  Not sure what happened to this place but i wouldn't go back.
5	Great service, with good prices. Cyndi is a perfectionist and did a fabulous job on my gel manicure. I was very please and will definitely be going back. First good nail salon I have found in Vegas!
4	Nice place for a pedicure. The staff is mostly friendly. The first time I went here I got a hot rock pedicure, but the last time not so much. I'm not sure if there is a price difference, as I didn't even think to ask about it. They also have a kids pedicure chair. It's pretty cute. Always nice to see a little girl getting her nails done. If you are in the area, I'd recommend this place for sure.
5	I love this place. It is a little more expensive than some places but it's worth it. I come here every two weeks to get a gel manicure . They do not buff the nail so much that you have nothing left, they do it just enough to get the polish to last. When you go in with gel polish they take it off for free, the right way. I have never had any problems at all with the manicures I receive here. Definitely a great place.
5	Nice clean friendly place to get your nails done.  They will help you with everything.  They give great advice on the what you might like and or need.  Go by and see Cindy or Steven for a great nail experience.
4	1st time here & they did a good job on my gel mani/pedi. It's a very clean shop.
4	I came in as a walk in on Thursday afternoon. The owner of the salon did my nails full set gel acrylic with pedi and wax for my eyebrows. Great service. My pedi was amazing! My eyebrows look great! only problem was that my 3d bows fell off just 3 days after my appt. Considering the fact that i paid $100 kinda ticks me off. But you win some you lose some. Over all i would recommend
5	Best pedicure I've ever had, tons of ala carte items to customize your perfect pedicure and a child's size chair option. Love all of the gel nail designs and colors available.
5	Been going to Vicky for a year and now she's opened her own clean and organized shop. Can't trust anyone else to handle my delicate nails or put up with me when I can't stop laughing during a pedicure! :)Follow them at @modernnailslv on Instagram for more designs!
5	I just had my nails done by Vicky at this lovely place! All I asked for was a basic acrylic french nail, nothing fancy. But WOW, she really took care of my nails!! Normally when I have had my nails done like this somewhere else the technician just slaps some acrylics on me, barely talks to me and sends me on my way in 30 minutes.  Not here. Vicky spent over an hour on me, shaping every nail perfectly and talked to me the whole time! She was very sweet and very professional and really cares about her clients.  She made me feel like a princess and I don't want to go anywhere else!
5	I just got my nails done today and met the new owners and they are so so nice and friendly. Mai did my nails and she's a perfectionist and did a perfect job. Found out everyone there is family and they really know how to treat their customers well. I wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	Vicky is the best for designs!! This place is so friendly and clean. Very professional. Can't make it early in the day? They're open til 11!! I was shocked!! Next to restaurants and right next to 215 so easy to get to. I will definitely be a regular here.
5	The atmosphere was very relaxing service was great the young lady that serviced me took her time I didn't feel like she did a rush job and accomdated my needs I'd recommend this nail salon for customers who don't mind paying a bit extra for ambiance and convenience
1	Hmm, Yelp took down my picture after the new owner complained. My picture clearly showed my freshly manicured nails and my badly cut cuticles. Still by far the worst mani/pedi experience ever!!! I had sores from my cut cuticles for quite some time after which scabbed. Not cool, Yelp! Also, they did offer a free mani OR pedi to make up for the experience. Reminder, I paid for BOTH and on my bday... Thanks, but no thanks!Oh and real professional comment on my prior review. How will that re-earn my business? PS: Not all of my reviews are negative. They are accurate accounts of my experience reflecting my opinions. After all, that's what Yelp is for! Customers, steer clear!Good luck!
5	needed a fill badly & it was past 7pm. called modern nails to see if they had availability so I went on yelp to find nail shops that are opened later than 7pm. called & they told us to come in! got to the nail shop and they greeted & seated us immediately! the atmosphere is clean and bright.my friend got a pedicure and she said it was amazing. I got a gel fill and got an amazing hand massage. also, we were offered refreshments. my nail lady made me a green tea. loved that she picked out the best nude/natural color for me! So in love with my nails.we will be back again. this is definitely my new nail salon. everyone in the nail salon is polite and gave GREAT customer service. overall amazing!
5	Vicky is amazing! She takes her time to ensure that her clients are comfortable and satisfied and she does the best gel nail designs! I've been to many nail salons in Vegas and I've always felt rushed. I wouldn't trust anyone else with my nails.
5	First visit today-under new management (a family) and open til 11:00 pm! Jay did a great job on my pedi and Vicky on my gel mani.  Very friendly staff and very clean.  Their goal is obviously to have every customer leave happy with the services they received.  I will go back!
4	So I went here on 05/16 to get a pedicure, manicure and eyebrows waxed. I was told the price would be several dollars higher with the wax...so I skipped it and opted for a simple pedicure and manicure. The ambiance and the shop was relaxing, clean and very posh! The shop is in a pretty upscale neighborhood as well.Jay did both my pedi and mani...he did a great job on those! It is hard to find a good nail salon these days given that I had just relocated back to Vegas temporarily for the next couple of months. I do see myself coming back here again. They got 4 stars due to the high pricing of the services, but I got a great job done with my pedi and mani...you get what you pay for! One satisfied customer.
5	I originally scheduled an appt for acrylic and gel polish set at another salon after waiting for over 30 minutes and the guy not showing I walked into this spa to see if they would be able to accommodate me. I was frustrated from the last place and it being my bday I was not very happy. They took great care of me and gave me an amazing experience!! I can't say thank you enough for turning my day around!
5	MY BEST NAIL SALON EXPERIENCE EVER!!!!Yes, you read that right! My trip to Modern Nails was the best mani/pedi experience of my life! This is an awesome, top notch nail salon that I wish all salons were like.  I have only one complaint and that is that the place is on the other side of town from me....so not fair!Here's why you should visit Modern Nails:1. The best customer service in Vegas! I get gel manis and regular pedis all of the time.  Usually, I know I will most likely be ignored and worked on as fast as possible.  This is not the case here.  The techs are super friendly and actually enjoy talking to you!  2. The techs take their time to give you a fantastic mani or pedi.  I was there with my sister, who had the same experience, so I know it wasn't a fluke.  The techs make sure everything is done perfectly and beautifully the first time, so you are happy when you leave.   Yes it takes a bit longer, but it is worth it to get a quality nail job.3. Beautiful salon! The salon is immaculate and sparkly clean.  All of the seats look welcoming and well taken care of.  The floor is clean and organized.  The whole place makes you feel relaxed.4. Polish selection!!!! I swear they have 500 different gel polishes to pick from! They also have a ton of regular polish to choose from too.  You will definitely find the color you are looking for!5. They are open until 11pm every night except Sunday.  Talk about convenient!So if you like getting mani/pedis, get down to Modern Nails right now!P.S. Jay is awesome! Ask for him if you want fantastic nails!
4	I love this place! I even love the staff more. The salon recently changed ownership, Steven doesn't work there anymore, now Mai owns it. I only did a pedi with Steven so can't really compare services. But I got a mani pedi this time around (about a week ago) and I was pleasantly surprised. They had a pretty extensive range of colors to choose from. She took her time to get each nail perfect (hard gel acrylics) and understood the design I was going for very well. It's been over a week and my nails are holding up well - considering I can be rough with them and I do a lot of chores. I would take half a star off if I could - my nails were throbbing the day after and skin on 2 cuticles started peeling; i'm guessing it was from the buffing and glue. But that aside was a good experience
5	I needed a pedicure but it was really late, so we looked on yelp to find a nail shop. Luckily we found a place with great reviews that closed at 11pm. From the time we entered, we were met with great customer service. They really took time to get to know us and wanted my nails to look special for my wedding day, they even fixed my french tip (fingernails) that I just had previously got done at another nail shop. We highly recommend them to everyone. Thank you Modern Nails! Note: Modern Nails is a family business, they took over that location about 2 weeks ago.
5	This was my first time trying out Modern Nails. I typically don't find a nail place I like enough on the first try that makes me want to return. Except here! Jay was so great and very detail oriented. All the staff was super friendly and made me feel welcome. I will absolutely be back! And let's not forget - they're open until11pm! Which is awesome in this 24-hour city.
5	Great customer service with the new owners! Make you feel at home and the prices are great. Very clean too. I used to go across the street and after they were always too busy I decided to try this place and I'm glad I did! Great service and great customer service!
5	I was looking for a nail salon open later than 7pm and I found much more than that! This was by far the best experience I've had in a nail salon. Everyone is so friendly, it's clean and relaxing. Not to mention Mai did a wonderful job on my nails! She paid close attention to the details and was so gentle. Such a sweetheart too! I will definitely be going back!
5	This was my first time here, and I love it! Mai  is amazing! Everyone here is very friendly and they make you feel comfortable. My boyfriend got his very first pedicure today, and he loved it. Nail shop was very clean. I will becoming here from now on! Highly recommended!
5	Absolutely love this place I'm from California and it was so hard trying to find a good nail shop on my trip to Nevada they are open till 11 p.m. Which is perfect because I always get my nails done last minute they are really nice and professional they take their time and they do a good job it is definitely worth it!  I will come here every single time I'm in Nevada  great customer service always makes me happy :) very clean and peaceful.
5	I came in for a pedi with my friend Tanaka and it was amazing!! The staff are so friendly. This is our second time here and we're gonna keep coming back. Got the  paraffin wax with my pedi and I love how soft my feet feel.  If you want an awesome massage and great customer service make sure u stop by!
5	Absolutely LOVE this salon and Vicky! She spoke to me the whole time and was very thorough in her work. I asked her for a design and it ended up looking better than the picture I showed her. I'm extremely impressed! I will definitely be coming here from now on.
5	The new management at modern nails is amazing! I had a great pedicure experience with Jay, so I decided to let them do a fill for me a few weeks later. I'm very picky about who I let do my fingernails because I like them to be perfect lol. Mai did my fill, and omg I'm so happy! I've had a problem in the past with my nails being too thick, and not looking natural. Mai was so good! My nails are just how I want them, they look natural and feel light on my hands. Not only do they look great, but she was fast too! I was in an out in an 1 1/2 hours. She had to repair like half of my nails so I was impressed with her speed. I know she will be even quicker next time because she won't have to clean up someone else's mess. I LOVE the hours! They're open till 11pm which is fantastic! I work in the industry so I'm usually waking up when everywhere is closing, but they're open so late I don't have to worry about getting up just to get my nails done. Thanks modern nails!! :)
5	This is the best salon that I have ever been to in Vegas. The service is great and the quality of work is even better. You definitely get what you pay for. I recommend Mai. She has done my nails exactly how I like them and I will never go anywhere else. Just trust them and they'll take care of you. Modern Nails is the place to go!
5	So I've been getting my nails and feet done for 17+ years, Modern nails is definitively top 2 ... Walking in,  I noticed it's super clean and NO smell ... The owner Mai is very friendly and informative,  I can tell she knows what she's doing ... All and all the whole staff is very friendly,  nice people.  I look forward to being a regular there ... Ladies,  fyi is open till 11pm, appointments after 7pm !!!! A super plus for ladies in the industry !!!
5	This is the best experience I've had at a nail salon. I'm pretty sure the woman who did my nails was Mai. She was absolutely fantastic, sweet and understanding to my needs and wants with my nails. While giving me a manicure she advised me on what to do for my nervous habit of biting my nails and I really appreciated the concern. She made my first gel experience an amazing one. I'll definitely be coming back (and I live near the Palms.. no where close! :)!)
5	I am wowed over this amazing nail salon.  The people are really nice and offered me a tea.  It was very relaxing and they made my day after a long day of work.  I got a gel manicure with a beautiful design.  I love that  they help you make decisions about your nails.  You can bring them a design n they'll work with you. No reservations are required but it's best to book just in case it's a busy day.  Prices are good and hours are fantastic since they close at 11:00 pm making it more convenient.  I will definitely be going back.
5	Near perfect nails. I'm very anal about my nails being shaped perfect, I always do acrylic then gel color. Really happy with how they turned out. This is my new go to nail salon from now on. Family ran so they care about your satisfaction. They're all fun to take to as well.
5	I had no idea getting your nails done could be so much fun, vickey made it wonderful, they have so many options for pedicures and so many colors. I will always come back here. Plus they are open late and even fit me in when I was late for my appointment.
5	Most salons will try to get you in and out as soon as possible which is appreciated if you are on a time crunch, however it usually results in a very bad mani pedi that you have to deal with for the next couple of weeks. I had a salon that I loved and went to regularly but since my semester ended, driving all the way towards the UNLV area just doesn't make sense. So happy to have found this Salon!! It is family owned and operated. The techs are very talented. You will not walk out unsatisfied. A few of them had previously worked at Polished on Rainbow and 215.  They take their time and are extreme perfectionists. I wish I got his name but my pedicure was one of the best I've ever recieved. I am extremely ticklish so I tend to try to keep my pedicure for as long as possible. I can not sit still and start to squirm but his hands were tolerable.  They are open until 11pm every night except Sunday which makes it convenient for those who work during the day.
4	This is the first nail salon that I've been to that is actually very clean and organized. All the other yelpers are right bout that. However, I'm giving the salon 4 stars because of the horrible pedi I got from Phoebe. I'm not trying to get anyone in trouble but she did a horrible job on my toes. Right when I got home, I took a nap and the nail Polish is already smeared! Mind you, I got a gel mani after so you could only imagine that polish on my toes would be completely dry.. But nope! I would go back to the salon but I refuse to get a pedi from Phoebe. My mani with Vicky was excellent though! She did a great job picking the right color to compliment my skin tone.
5	From the moment I stepped in to this nail salon, I fell in like with it! It's so clean, comforting, and the amount of colors they have for gel and regular polish are amazing! Every person working here is friendly and they know exactly how to clean/polish nails and toes. Many people may think it is over- priced because some nail salons do gel for $15. However, this nail salon is worth every dollar! They take the time to perfect every nail/toe and you will be satisfied with the amount of money/tip you give to this nail salon. I don't recommend just one person because all of them are fabulous. However, if you want crazy, sexy designs... Then go to Vicky!
5	I was visiting Vegas for a month and after stalking like 10 nail places I found this gem!! It's clean, air conditioned and reasonably priced. Their gel manicures last for 3 weeks!!! Plus Vicki is super sexy and fun!! Seriously don't waste your time anywhere else, they're over priced and not as cool!
5	Jay was awesome.. Go to him you won't regret it. Very friendly and so nice! I will come back to him from now on. He did the best job on my gel mani I have ever had! Thank you so much!
5	First off, it's really convenient that they're open til 11pm. And they do get busy, so you should still call to make an appointment.I walk in and I was told that I would have to wait an hour. No big deal, it was busy and I wasn't about to complain, especially since it was late already. So I come back and Vicki took care of me.She was so nice and sweet and she did exactly what I wanted. I love my nails so much! I recommend coming here, especially if you work during the day. And they do a good job!
5	I'm so excited I found Vicky again! She's amazing & sooooo sweet & friendly. They've created such a comfortable, friendly, professional environment with a cozy feel to it. Very welcoming as well. They r open til 11 and even though I was there til 1130, never once did I feel like I was a burden or inconvenience. I can't wait to build their business and spread their name. I'm very excited to see how successful this family owned nail salon can be :)
5	I have tried my fair share of nail salons through out Vegas but this salon has been by far the best! Obvious pricing because of the hard work they put into your nails. They truly and sincerely try to accomplish how YOU want your nails to be done rather than how they want to do it. I had a guy named Jay do my nails and he was flawless. He spent an ampul amount of time just to satisfy my picky standards. I had the pleasure of having Vicky work at the next station beside me & conversing with the both of them made the stay all the more worth it!! Such down to earth people! I suggest an appointment at least a hour a head of time just to ensure no wait. Walk-ins are always accepted but considering how busy they are an appointment is really suggested. They close at 11 and last calls are normally 30 min before closing. All in all I give modern nails a 5 star rating! They deserve it! To everyone reading this? Give them a try you won't be unsatisfied!! Thank you modern nails for a new nails spot to call "home". (:
5	It's been about a month or two since we were in and I had forgotten to write a review.  But this place is awesome.  New management has done a great job.  I got a manicure and my girlfriend got a manicure with gels put on.  Her gels lasted a long time (she's a dog groomer so she's constantly putting her hand in water and getting bit).  They were also very friendly.  I know how hard it is to maintain small talk with customers and they kept us interested the whole time.  Will definitely go back for sure.
5	I am just going to start off by saying, WOW! I finally found a place where you get your money's worth, where they actually care about how you're feeling, and the work they are doing.My experience here was amazing. They took their time and made sure everything was great. I had a special foot spa pedicure, where Jay attended and did wonderful. I also had the gel manicure and let's just say, I finally found my regular spot.
5	Every time I come in here they make room for me Asap! I love how all I have to do is tell Viki what I think I want and she just reads my mind!  Prices are very reasonable and they really go above and beyond.
5	So I have been here 2 times now and it is safe to say that Modern Nails Las Vegas has become my favorite nail salon. I have tried out many nail salons in the area and honestly none of them compare to here.1. They are open until 11:00 pm! How amazing is that?! (I do recommend making an appointment though, they will get you in right a way with one)2. Vicky is absolutely amazing. I never know what I want and I just give her the most random ideas and she makes the most perfect nails. (She also makes the experience very enjoyable by being herself and so fun)3. The first time I visited there was an incident with another customer, it was kind of uncomfortable but everyone apologized over and over again and Vicky took care of my nail design for free even though I did not complain once. (That is great customer service)4. This is the only place I can go where my gel's actually stay for not only the 2 weeks they are supposed to but even longer then that!I honestly cannot say enough good things about this place. I have started bringing my friends and family here and will continue to do so.Keep it up Modern Nails Las Vegas!
5	This place is by far the best nail salon in Vegas....(trust me I've done the leg work) every time I walk in they make time for me ASAP.... Viki is so sweet... All I have to do is tell her what I think I want and she just reads my mind. She goes above and beyond bad is sooooo talented. Every other place I've been to tries to do generic and boring.... You go in here with a picture or an idea they will just bring it to life...very impressive.The place is really clean and pedi chairs are the nice ones!! I strongly recommend this salon to anyone who comes across it. Ask for Viki!
5	Modern Nails is the best in Las Vegas. I have tried Polished, Diamond, and a few other popular salons and nothing compares to Modern. Mai is absolutely fantastic-- patient, kind and skilled, as well as the other nails techs. They work together to make the best possible experience.They are so flexible to accommodate my schedule and they are open until 11 pm!! The quality of their work is unmatchable. My gel nails stay in great condition (I cocktail at a pool so I'm constantly washing my hands.. this is important for me!) I can't say enough about this place. I highly recommend it to everyone... The hours, the service and the results are excellent.
5	Professional and fun at the same time. They always offer me a drink when I walk in. Vicky does a great job, as always.
5	I scheduled an appointment for 9:30pm to do my very first gel mani/pedi. Not only did I receive the best nail service I've ever had in my life, but Jay and Vicky made me laugh the entire time, and just made the entire experience amazing. I've never had such a great time at a nail salon and I'm so glad I found this place. They put pride into their work and it shows. Even when it was late by the time we finished my gel manicure, Jay still took his time with my gel pedicure. I recommend to anyone and everyone to come here, you won't be disappointed.
5	Vicki is the best been there 3 times and it feels like I've known her forever! Best customer service at a nail salon ever!! And open late! That's hard to beat!
5	I walked in (no appointment) they greeted me right away and got me right in for a gel manicure.  Mai was so friendly and talkative, asking questions about me and telling me about her and her family.  It was nice to have nails done and carry a great conversation. Her son Jay finished my nails and he was also very nice. I will definitiely return! I think I finally found a great nail place =) and they're open late.... don't forget to check in and get 10% offI forgot to mention it as I paid =( but paying full price for great service is ok by me
1	ONLY GO HERE IF U HAVE 3 1/2 Hours FOR JUST A FILL.  EVEN WITH AN APPT YOU WILL WAIT 30 min TO BE HELPED. ITS VEGAS! TIME, CONNIVENCE, GREAT SERVICE IS EVERYTHING TO A CUSTOMER. But here's my experience: I've used yelp for years and this place made my write my first review. I tried this place out because a friend said tht they had a very large selection of gel colors. For any women more choices is a plus but the nails salon I'm familiar with is quick, has a good not great selection of colors n they do both my pedi and mani at the same time so tht I'm in and out.  So I called Modern Nails and ask if I could schedule an appt and also if I would be able to have them do both my pedi n mani at the same time. The man on the phone told me YES! I asked him again to be clear because I didn't want to be there for 2 hours. Otherwise I can go to my place (Vanity nails) which for both take 1 hour 45 min tops. So I verified 3 times. YES!!! He said. "NO PROBLEM". My appt is at 12! I show up for my appt another gentlemen tells me No We Don't do tht. Um Ok fine so I start off with my pedi. That lady was awesome. Wish I got her name but when she finished she Handed me off to CALVIN at 1:30. They were very short staffed and there were a lot of people waiting so instead of the lady painting my toes in the chair she gave me to Calvin n he painted my gel toes on the floor. The lady next to me husband comes over n starts asking her why r we here so long. She said im still waiting. I realized tht they were handing people of to other tech to finish so they could get started on the people who had appt that were already waiting 30 min. After Calvin painted my ties He started my fill. No lie at 230 he was still doing the fill. I asked him are we almost done he said "10 min" okay 3:00 he just starts painting my nails. After he painted them solid black with 2 white nails I looked at it.  HORRIBLE! The shape of my nails was off the paint coat wasn't thick enough n now I've been here from 12-3. So he calls the owner Mae. She said I can fix it. I said to her I've been here since 12 I just want to leave. NO REPLY. She had to file my nails then re paint them 3:30! I asked her for a design a flower n lines. She does it. Looks HORRIBLE! I ask her does tht look good to you she said NO! Then I said can u take it off she tells me NO! It's Dried I can't take it off!  Then she said" Why don't u draw the lines yourself" "use your right hand" I told her isn't this your job. She said I've been doing this for 30 years. So I ask her " n u can't draw lines" I told her it's ok I've been here now 3:45 almost 4 hours. She said "You made my nail tech nervous"   I asked her HOW? for the first 3 hours I didn't say anything to him but if he could charge my phone.  She said "you have to relax"  all I could do was laugh. Instead of being an owner/ manager n saying "I apologize about your experience" She immediately blamed me for being there tht long. 4:00 I left.  I've lived in vegas 6 years n this is the WORST PLACE IVE HAD MY NAILS DONE.  I have never seen a 3 1/2 hr fill.  Nor an owner with the worst customer services.
5	I went here a few weeks ago and arrived late. I didn't have to wait and all the staff were very friendly. Nick gave me an amazing pedicure and my only reason for not reviewing sooner is because I like to see how long the polish lasts and without gel it still lasted nearly 4 weeks without chipping! Great, relaxing environment and just round the corner from my house. I will be asking for Nick when I'm back in town.
5	First nail salon that is impeccably clean and the staff is honest and friendly.  Did I mention clean???  This is my go to place from now on.  Family owned and operated.
5	MOST AMAZING SALON IVE EVER BEEN TO!!! Vicky has done my nails and is always soooo sweet and does the most perfect job. She takes her time and is so detailed. Everytime I come in ALL the staff is welcoming and extremely friendly. I won't ever go to another nail salon! Thanks modern nails for the best nails in town
5	I have been to several nail places in Vegas and I was disappointed every time. I decided to trust yelp reviews and I am so glad I did! Modern Nails is truly wonderful! They have the cleanest salon in Vegas. The staff is so friendly and welcoming. Most importantly, they do fantastic work! My acrylic nails have always lifted, broken and looked terrible after 2 weeks...EXCEPT when Modern Nails does them. They hold up so well that I can go every three weeks and they look just as good as when I got them done. I've never received the compliments on my nails that I have since I became a Modern Nails customer. I never did anything other than a French manicure. But Modern Nails specializes in fun, different and totally complicated gel designs. So now I just can't help but do something fun and different every time. Mai is the owner and she's extremely talented. Her son has done some of my gel designs and he's just as awesome. This is a talented family working very hard and always aiming to impress. They have yet to let me down. I won't go anywhere else after finding this gem!
5	I have finally found my favorite nail salon in Vegas!Calvin is fantastic great mani and Mai created incredible toes!  Work is impeccable!  I thought I couldn't find the color selection and techniques of the other salon I have gone to for years.  let me tell you Modern has it all and more!  Modern treats you like you are a valued customer!   What a difference!  Even when they were busy there was a calm vibe going on... I wouldn't think of going anywhere else!  The best by far!
5	Always returning to this Nail salon. Every worker here is amazing. I've been to other nail salons in Vegas and always had a complaint. However, I am so satisfied with Modern Nails. There gel stays on F O R E V E R. I've had mine last 3+ weeks (no chips, peeling, etc). What makes it better is there customer service is on point!
5	My new favorite nail salon. First of all their work was impeccable. Mai is an artist. The salon was very clean. Everyone spoke english and could hold a conversation and genuinely seemed interested.  Her son Nick gave me an excellent pedicure.  It was nice that there was no up selling.  Very relaxing environment. Will be back. Thank you .Oh snd they are open late :)
5	Great customer service! They were very polite and accommodating! Most places are rude if you bring in a friend who isn't getting their nails done, but they were very very sweet about it.
5	This is the first nail salon that's clean friendly that meet my standard for the first time in my life, I came in 4 weeks ago to get a gel and regular pedi my gel still on with out chipping,  good price and they are also open late which is good for people who's in industry . This will be my nails home from now thanks modern nails!
1	I chose this place purely for the previous reviews. They were wonderful in service! I went in at 11am.. no one else there but myself and another patron. But why did a mani/pedi take over 2 hours.  I can see 90 min, but not over 2 hours. My pedi.. the guy did a great job, good shop talk, took his time and my nails looked amazing. My mani on the other hand... not so great. They had another older woman clean my nails and she filed so much that she started filing my finger tip...(ouch!) and it was uneven... no matter how many times she tried to fix it. Then someone else came to do the polish... started with the tips in then another gentleman finished the polish. It almost seemed like they were rushing because there were many more customers in the shop now. Then he started telling me how he and his gf had to go to the dmv etc... probably as to why he was late... blah blah blah. Due to labor day weekend and her license expiring the day before labor day... it was a big to do apparently.... but... what about my nails? Top coat finally being put on after 2 hours in the shop and my family is now calling me wondering where I am and why it has taken this long. It's not like I got a hot towel treatment or gel or no chip manicure... just your run of the mill manicure with cleaning etc... End result... disastrous! An hour later... bubbles bubbles bubbles galore! *Filed nails to fingertips- strike*2 hours for a regular mani/pedi-strike 2*Bubbles and not so great looking manicure- strike 3** you're outta here! Sorry I will not be coming back.
4	This place is amazing! Everybody here is so nice and talented. Everyone introduces themselves an makes you feel like part of their family. Their endless colors and incredible design capabilities make this place my choice.
4	I tried out their gel pedicure 12 days ago because I was incredibly surprised by their hours and there was a  great number of good reviews so why not? I'm glad I gave them a shot! I called them around 9:30 pm to see if they were accepting walk ins because my fellow yelpers said it's always busy and the guy on the phone said it was busy but no problem as long as I only wanted one service done :) When I got there,  everyone was working someone! There was maybe 7 ladies getting services done around 10pm, so definitely make an appointment. It's been almost 2 weeks and the gel has no chipping or lifting. That's saying something for me because I attack my poor feet with all the shoes, sandals and heels I wear. The girl taking care of me did a great job in cleaning however I was starting to get slightly annoyed that she kept talking to her coworker next to her in a different language who was also doing a pedicure on someone else and kept looking up at me and laughing. Is there something on my face?? Grrr I hate when that happens lol but otherwise the service was great.The pricing was average. $25 for regular pedicure and $50 for gel pedicure. One thing though,  I always get an acrylic fake tip on my big toes just cause I think it looks better and at other places they charge me $5 extra but here they charged me $10. No problem, but just something to keep in mind. Overall,  a nice place to go if I'm in the area or if I want to do something other than drinking or eating around 10pm lol and also their massage chairs were pretty nice. But really, their hours are the main reason why I would come back, great idea on their part to be opened so late in a city that never sleeps!
5	The best & most affordable full set I've gotten. I've never been so happy with my nails before. Vi actually takes the time to make sure each nail is perfect, I can appreciate that!
5	For the first time in my life I left the nail salon absolutely in love with my nails. The shape, the polish and the entire experience I was impressed with. I am a cosmetologist and usually go home and refile my nails after an appt but this time they were PERFECT! This salon is a bit out of my way considering I live in summerlin, but I will be frequenting this place often! I'm am in love!
5	Finally found a place where I'll be a regular. Located in the same plaza as Grimaldi's, Cafe Rio, and Protein House. I was definitey not the type of girl to get my nails done. Only reason I first came here was because I got acrylics placed across the street for an occasion and wanted them removed asap.I was a walk in and ended up waiting a few minutes. I was paired up with Vicky and I'm so glad I was. She knew exactly what to do. I left everything up to her. She picked the shape of my nails, picked the color for gel polish, and added some glitter to the tips. Got so many compliments from them. Since then, I've been coming back every 3-4 wks.First off, I cannot express how great Vicky is. Told me she used to work at Polished. She takes her time and makes sure your nails are perfect. No bubbles and everything is even. She'll re-do an imperfection if she has to. Show her a design, she'll replicate it for you and the gels last forever. I've never had a time when the polish peeled. And since coming to her, my nails have been much stronger and healthier. I recommend her to anyone!This nail salon has got to be my favorite. Thanks yelp for gearing me to this place! Professional, clean, and I don't feel like the employees are talking crap. Everyone is friendly.I recommend making an appointment; otherwise, you might wait 30+ minutes on busy days.
5	First time in years that my nails have been without acrylic,  and I must say it's amazing !! Mai convinced me to take off the acrylic and just try the gel polish instead,  and she was super right !! It feels light and looks great,  and the best part is,  it's my own nails !! I never knew my own nails would look this great and I'm glad I took her advice, she definitely knows what she's doing girls !!
5	I haven't been able to find a good nail salon for a long time. I'm so happy I finally found Modern Nails! They always find the time to do my nails even when I come in last minute. They are busy so I do recommend you make an appointment ahead of time. They have great customer service and take their time with each client. I can't complain! Vicky is really good at designs and helps me make nail decisions when needed!! They are also open until 11 for people who work during the day or for busy people in general. Would deff recommend them!!
5	Super friendly and VERY talented. A former Polish technician now works here. They are super talented at gels (3+ weeks, no chipping) and are extremely detailed. Only negative... the simplest nail designs are an extra $10 which seems pricey. Won't dock a star for it. :)PLUS... the late hours are AMAZING!
4	Great salon! Been here twice and have been very happy both times. Great service and endless color selection. A little pricier than I'm used to in California but that's ok. This will be my salon of choice while I'm here!
5	After 4-5 months of coming here..I'm still returning because every nail technician here knows what they are doing and will have you feeling satisfied! I wouldn't go to any other nail salon. Even though they may be busy, they don't rush and try to finish their job as fast as they can to get more clients. They are meticulous, clean, and definitely knows what they are doing.
5	Modern Nails is a great salon . I always just bounced around from salon to salon whenever I felt like getting my nails done, until coming here. I love how clean it is and the staff is very friendly and accomodating . Vicky was the first one to do my nails there & I ask for her everytime since . She always does such a great job and very open to everythig you ask for . I usually just tell her to do whatever you want and I end up fabulous nails & so many compliments . & she always tells me if you dont like something let me know and I can fix it, so I can learn too . And I think thats so sweet and she has such a good attitude about it . Although I never complain about her work, vicky is outstanding ! Ive taken my mom and all my sisters there as well now & they all go there as regulars now as well . (=
4	Love the fact that they are open later. I can actually get my nails done on my time. They are also a lot friendlier than other salons I've been in. That's a plus.
1	I'm not even sure where to start. My friend and I came here over this past weekend for the first time and I am so extremely disappointed. I made an appointment for 5:45pm to get a fill and a redesign of my gel nails. My friend needed a full set. We showed up to our appointment and was told we needed to wait. We waited 25min. And finally they took us. First Kimmy started doing my nails but half way through she toldMe I was going to someone else because get 6:30 appointment was there. I was kind of upset because we had an appointment and had to wait but this other girl had one after us and was helped immediately. This was the first straw. Next, I asked for a simple gel glitter design where the nailStarts of white and fades to a glitter tip. The man that I was " passed over " to did a horrible job!!!  It was nothing like I showed him and I had to keep correcting him and re-explain to him what I wanted. Eventually I settled for what he did( even though it's horrible). This was the second straw. When he was finally done with my nails, my thumb nails was cut all the way down to my real nail!!! I was so furious and asked him to fix it but we had already been there for 2 1/2 hrs and it was past closing for them so he did te best he could. My thumb nail is way shorter then the other nail and now I have to wait for 2 weeks to get it fixed.
1	This was my first and last time at this nail shop..... Let me start at the beginning:My best friend and I make appointments to get our nails done hours before arriving, even though we arrive early to our scheduled appointment time we still wait 15-20 min to be helped... No big deal in itself... Although annoying.My friend sits down with one of the nail techs.... She begins her fill in, about 15 in she sees that one of her regular customers enter the shop and IMMEDIATELY stops doing my friends nails and tells her that her appointment is here... What about OUR appointment?! That was so rude!!!!Finally my nails are finished and my friend is still getting the gel polish and glitter on her nails (btw it was nothing like what she asked them to do) I'm still waiting..... I wait a whole hour because apparently there is only one lady in the shop that can do designs...... So I continue to wait because the nails they did looked TERRIBLE! I couldn't leave the shop without a design it would look like my 4 year old niece did my nails... Yikes! Finally I sit down with the lady who does the designs, she proceeds to text her date for the night to complain about still being at work.... In front of me! I can clearly see her entire conversation. RUDE! In the end I got $5 off the price of my nails which was probably inflated anyways because it usually cost less then the discounted price they gave me.My friend paid $50 for a fill in with gel polish which was with a $5 discount for waiting... More than she has ever paid for her nails to be done and neither of us liked them! I will never return to this nail shop!!!! Even if it was free! Worst nail salon in Henderson stay away!
5	I found this place as I was looking for nail salons that were open past 7pm with 4+ stars on Yelp. It was between this place and another place nearby and I'm glad I went with this one. I scheduled an appointment for a Friday evening with only a few days' advance notice for me and a girlfriend for a pedicure (regular polish) and gel manicure.We arrived about 30 minutes prior to our appointment time to see if someone would be able to attend to us, but everyone was busy, so we chose our colors and relaxed until our scheduled time. Once it was our time, we were treated to a regular pedicure and there were no complaints there. The nail technicians were polite and friendly and handled my feet, toes, nails, etc. without any issues. Kimmie did my gel manicure and I couldn't have been more delighted. The last time I went to a nail salon, the tech didn't do a great job and one of my complaints there was that she applied the gel too close to my cuticle. Well, this was not the problem here. Kimmie applied the gel with a small gap and was very meticulous. Since my wedding was the next day, I had also requested that she do a nail design on my ring finger for both hands and she also did a fantastic job there. It wasn't super complex, but I was grateful nonetheless. My only minor complaint here is that the loose glitter specks she had applied had fallen off after a few days, but they stayed on fine during my wedding day, so it's not a big deal.My gel manicure is still perfect after almost two weeks, so I would go back to this place without any hesitation and make sure to request Kimmie.
5	I wish I could give this salon more than five stars.  I found this salon through word of mouth and after reading all the yelp reviews and looking through the pics I gave it a try.  My first time there my nails were destroyed.  I had been getting gel manis at another salon for over a year and they got lazy and started drilling down to the skin to remove the polish and eventually it caused my nails to break to the point of bleeding and could never keep a decent looking mani for more than a couple days. I saw the woman owner the first time (so sorry I don't remember her name) and she was so sweet and professional, she assured me my nails would last and grow after this manicure and holy sh@t she wasn't kidding!! FOUR WEEKS (and I only went that long cuz I was so busy over the holidays) and not one chip or crack or less shine...if it weren't for my ridiculous regrowth they looked as good as the day I left. This is even more impressive considering I'm a hairstylist and my hands are constantly emerged in water and chemicals. Truly amazing! Today I saw Sonja, not only did she do an absolutely BEAUTIFUL job on my nails she was welcoming and so funny!  She did such an amazing job, I can't tell you how happy I am with my service there. If you need your feet or fingers beautified i highly recommend this place!!
