5	A great little bakery next to Ichiza!  We've stopped by here a few times to stock up on red bean pastries and other yummy things.  The people who work here are really friendly.  They accept credit cards if you spend more than $15.  Otherwise it is cash only.
5	OMG i love their bapingsoo (spelling?!)!!!! Ask for it with green tea icecream and i like their decor too! SO CUTE!
3	I was very impressed by this place.  I was waiting for my to-go order of wonton soup from Cafe Noodle and I decided to check this place out.Very nice and helpful Korean lady - not sure she was the owner/baker.  She was cool though.  Very clean, and lots of choices.I haven't had better almond cookies then the ones here and also I really like their green tea cookies which are not super-sweet and have a strong green tea flavor. Now I always stop by here any time I am picking up wonton soup from downstairs.
3	This quaint little place is on the second floor two doors down from Ichiza. I got some almond cookies and they were the bomb. The pound cake was not bad and the green tea tiramisu was good. The service was awesome but not as big a selection I thought it would be. A bit on the expensive side but if it means keeping a mom and pop store in business then I am all for it. Very nice clean place. As the terminator once said; "I'll be back".
5	I like going into this place everytime I'm finished eatting at Ichiza. It's almost a routine. Their almond cookies and taro bread is the best. It's expensive, but I love their taro bread here. Sometimes we tried other stuff like their cream puff and other cookies they've got. None has been a disappointment, but it just gets so expensive. You should swing by this place, even if it's just to smell the bread.
4	This place has FABULOUS creme puffs. MMMM. The lady behind the counter was just a doll, she was soo sweet. I bought some cranberry cookies, they were pretty dry and bland, and we bought some chocolate chip cookies as well, also dry and bland. But the bakery is just gorgeous, it's decorated like Grandma's house, if Grandma were stylish and French. the owner is sweet, and it seems like the fresher pastries (such as the above mentioned creme puffs) are great. I've been meaning to go back as soon as I get around to it. she has tables to sit at and I think there's wifi but I can't be sure. I know I saw a guy on his laptop. Overall, go for the atmosphere, and hope the cookies have gotten better, because this place has fantastic potential to be a favorite.
4	This is a nice a bakery. The girl behind the counter was really nice. I tried the donuts stuffed white bean paste and they were delicious. It also tasted fresh and well made. I like white bean paste more than red bean paste.  Hence, finding a donut with white bean paste inside, quickly gr abed my attention. They also have other stuff like Asian and European pastries/ deserts. The store looks nice and clean. Their Madeline cookies were also well made.
2	upon walking in i wanted to try every baked good here. well when i needed to ask what ingredients were in which baked goods, there was no one around to ask questions. i asked this girl walking around and she said, "oh sorry, the person who works here is over there". The worker's sitting there and didnt even greet us when she walked by the first time. nothing on her (apron, name tag, nothing...) indicated she even worked here. they should do a better job at greeting and being available to customers.bought a pizza baked good and a savory croquette. both were TOO oily...i could only eat maybe a fourth of my croquette and 1/3rd of my pizza bread. anyways...probably won't come here again. the sponge cake looks good, but for $2.50 a cake...no thanks, i can get it elsewhere and it'll probably taste better. probably won't come here again and stick to my 85 degrees in OC. i am a such an oc brat!
3	If sugar is your thing, perhaps this bakery is for you but I was extremely disappointed. I'm a savory pastry freak and this place SUCKS for that. The only one I could find was the grossest looking franken-pizza crap I've ever seen. Where's my ham and cheese buns? I know this is a Korean bakery, but I've never come across such poor selection from a Korean bakery before! Most of the goodies I've seen in Korean bakeries other places were no where to be found! If I wanted sugary stuff there's plenty of American bakeries in this town. Next time I'll stick to Diamond - the selection is so much better.
5	Good thing I look around when I'm stuck in traffic, or I wouldn't have known this place was here.  This is a great little bakery tucked away on the second floor of the same strip mall that houses Tea Planet.  I've had five or six different pasteries from this shop at this point, each of either Western European or Eastern Asian origin, and all were excellent.  I haven't yet had any cakes from this place, but I would imagine they are equally good.  I highly recommend this place to anyone to is looking for something sweet and fattening, as I have been known to have such cravings from time to time.
4	Sweet little place for a treat or get something for breakfast, 2nd floor of the building. Also milk tea, and some other beverages. Too bad they can't put a few chairs outside on the balcony, it was a lovely night when we were there.
4	For a tiny bakery/cafe, this place rocks big time. There was a crown bakery back home & this place beats that one by far. This bakery carries pre-packaged & pre-sliced pastries, cookies, breads and cakes. From garlic cookies to elaborate cakes and rolls there is something for everyone here. When i first walked in I was reminded of the typical Korean bakeries that pre-package their goods. This is normal back home & in Asia, so it was nice to see here. Their plethora of sweet & savory goods made my mouth water. I was so excited that I grabbed one of almost everything. Their cream puffs (3/1.50) are cute and deeeeelicious! They were so good that I went back after I drove all the way back home just to grab four more packages (4/3 packs). It was creamy with just the right sweetness and strongly resembles the fresh puffs I died over in Los Angeles from beard papa's. Everything from their milk bread, fruit cake, sweet rolls and honey breads were awesome. They reminded me of home. The best part about their bread is how fluffy and melt in your mouth good they are. I love love love rolls that are like biting into a cloud of yummy. Some people dig Korean bakery goods and some don't. But I am one who appreciates the fresh ingredients, great textures, variety of flavors and types of everything available. To top it off they are open 8am to 12am most days!I'm definitely going to be a regular here and I think that you should give it a try. Any bakery that turns buying at a bakery into an experience similar to buying pretty things at a boutique (that you can eat!) is an ace in my book. Make sure you trytheir cream puffs and sweet rolls. As simple as they are, simple is the best.
4	A very nice Korean Bakery offering traditional Asian style pastries and baked goods.  They also have boba drinks menu here, and their fruit bobas are made with real fruits.  Now that it is summer and strawberries and mangos are in season, the Strawberry and Mango fruit Bobas ($3.50 each) are especially good.They also have three flavors of large shaved ice that you can order and split with your friends to beat the Vegas smmer heat.The small 2nd floor bake shop is decorated in a way that provides a good atmosphere condusive to small gathering of friends hanging out.  Parking can be an issue at times, since there are so many popular restaurants in this strip mall, but if you can't find spaces out front, there are usually open spots in the back.3.75 stars from me.  And I will be back for more.Note: There is a $10 minimum purchase for processing credit card payments.On a recent visit, where we bought some of their baked goodies (I tried their custard filled soft roll and my friend tried something else with red beans) and split their fruit shaved ice to eat in the store, we were also given their sesame bun that came right out of the oven to try.  It was delicious! The thin crust was nice and crunchy, and the inside has nice chewy and airy baked dough.  Service was friendly as usual,plus the baker even came out and said hello on his way out to take his break.
5	Another fave bakery in Las Vegas ~ their pastries are delicious and oh so irresistible ~ I haven't been for a few weeks since I'm on a bikini-beach diet for my vacation in coming up.  So watch for more reviews. This place is a must-try!
4	I love red bean buns. Growing up in Singapore, it was my weekly treat to get a red bean bun from the bakery right after my piano classes. Those red bean buns were amazing. I've never been able to replicate the experience in America. Now, the ratio of red beans to bread is essential in making the perfect red bean bun. At least to me. Whenever I tried red bean buns at Sunville Bakery on Spring Mountain and at the Asian grocery stores, I've found them lackluster. A red bean bun has a ton of calories (sugar, beans, flour). If I'm going to enjoy a snack like that it had better be good and worth all that extra love handles. It seemed to me like bakers in Las Vegas really liked the bread more than the red beans...when I bite into the bun, I want to taste some bread AND some bean...not just bread for about the first three bites before getting to the beans. Now, Crown Bakery has got the ratio right. Every bite of their delectable red bean bun has the right amount of sweet bean paste and smooth bread. Yummm...finally, a red bean bun worthy of my snacking desires. Thanks to Misti Y for motivating me to climb up the stairs to get to this bakery. I went today to look for the Mir Kim roll and didn't see it...I was happy to settle for a red bean. I have another excuse to go there soon now. It's also a cute little bakery...lots of cool items and teas and it's decorated pretty well (for a Chinatown bakery) so you could even sit down and eat there if you choose.Finally...a red bean bun rescue in Las Vegas. Makes me that little less homesick.
5	Years ago (before Yelp) I came to this bakery late night after a meal at Ichiza and was gravely disappointed. Half of the items we bought we did not even eat, and unfortunately we got a lot of items for us and the family to share....it would have been a (kind) 2 star then. I just dismissed this place as a no-go until I found the recent, very positive reviews on Yelp. It has been years and if some of my Yelparazzi were saying yes to the Crown, I had to try it again.After dim sum, the BF, my Yelpalicious two- Angela H. and Elnino F., and I went for some sweet treats and cool libations.BF and I were coming for the shaved ice to help us ease living in this damned fire bowl of a city. Their menu said it is "the best shaved ice in Vegas" so it was a must try. It was a good portion- has FINE ice shavings (yay! so many places do too rough/big shavings), fresh fruit (strawberry, kiwi, strawberry, blueberry), canned fruit (pineapple, peach), red bean, milk and some syrup. It was pretty good actually. I'm very glad they aren't heavy on the condensed milk and syrups but had a right amount of sweet. I would get this again and is indeed better than downstairs at Tea Station. I coaxed my Yelpies to take a bite and since they were eating on it, I think it's a good sign we all agreed. Pastry wise, definitely was a different experience from years ago....They had some samples of cookies out and they were all very good. The green tea cookies in particular sparked my interest and I bought a package. They have a nice crisp, yet soft biscuit consistency with fine sliced almonds. They had a bit of sweet, but still had the distinct and somewhat bitter (a good thing) flavor profile matcha has. I think I have to get all the flavors of these- plain, chocolate, green tea, coffee were all good. I also got a red bean bun after much praise from Misti. Spot on find. I am eating it as we speak and I want to go and get more. This is one of the best red bean buns I've had. It has a few nuts in it- walnuts it seems and it adds a nice touch to the texture and is something different.  The BF picked up  bowtie mini crisps, plain madeleines, chocolate cream puffs, and pecan tart to share with his mom later. His picks were all pretty good, satisfying the sweet tooth but not overtly sweet. I like the cream puffs a lot- they're petite sized and the chocolate has different "levels". Chocolate dip on top, light cacao shell, and the cream had a almost mocha flavor with the whisper of a almost Kahlua-ish quality to it.The kicker is the lady of the bakery was sweet and hospitable. It was full pretty full so we had a back corner table that was a bit hotter than the other tables. Once a table came available she let us know so we can be more comfortable. As we sat and chatted she came over to check on us and gave us gratis a green tea madeleine and thin coconut crisps to nosh on. Unexpected and sweet of her. Of course, they were pretty good...I should probably pick up these next time. I thought the interior was cute. The vibe was comfortable to sit around for a bit and enjoy your treats...many Asian bakeries don't even tables and the few that do, it's just what it is- a table. In such a sparse space it can almost feel clinical in some places. Here you sit on wood benches with throw pillows and old quaint chairs so it has a comfy shabby chic thing going for them. I think I will be back, soon.... I hope!. I think I found a favorite place to grab some snacks and drinks.
5	I think instead of writing a review each time (which is starting to seem like a frequent occurrence), I will keep this one as a running tabs on what we've tried and what we think of it. Definitely fitting name as I think this is the crowning jewel in Asian (sweet) pastries. Only thing missing is more savory pastries, but I'm not complaining as it's hard enough to find some good treats in this town. Another plus to mention- OPEN LATE. Most bakeries are done by 5-6, Crown closes at midnight!Meet the Treats:RED BEAN BUN- Lovely, not too sweet but not too plain. They have some walnuts in some of them which is a interesting surprise. Odd for some but I like mine from the fridge so the beans change consistency (almost like Filipino ube) but the bun is still soft and chewy. CHEESE BUN- has some cheese swirl on top so you can tell what it is. The inside has more of a cheesecake flavored custard instead of solid cheese. This was pretty good and one for cheesecake lovers.CUSTARD BUN- The BF ate it! ...it's all gone so that is always a good sign and indeed it was. Will be getting another one next time since he said this was quite good. MR. KIM ROLL/RED BEAN "DANISH"- had a cheese crumble on top and was very good. When I'm feeling red bean, but want something a bit different, I will grab this.  I describe it as a "danish" since it looks like one and layered as such but does not use flake pastry, but the same bread as the rest of the buns. This is probably my favorite thing in the bakery. Honey Layer Cake- BF chose this and really loved it that he wish he got two. It reminds him of a Dutch treat that his mom makes called Spekoek (spice layer cake) but a milder honey flavor. Now he knows better and grabs a few at a time. This is his favorite treat at the bakery. Peanut butter bun- this looks like a horn. Not pure peanut butter, but it's peanut swirled into a cream. Not for people who don't like butter since its really rich buttery cream. bowtie mini crisps- good, but I will like the raspberry kind better I think since this was needing "something". Good when we ate it with whipped cream.Madeleine- pretty well made madeleines if you're hankering for them.Green Tea Madeleine- the tea added something different to it. I think I like these more than the plain ones and these were a little sweeter. Pecan Tart- this wasn't the usual brown sugary tart, this was more caramel like and the caramel had cinnamon and nutmeg in it for a spice kick....I happen to really enjoy this variation. Green Tea Almond Cookies- They have a nice crisp, yet soft butter biscuit consistency with fine sliced almonds in it. They're cut long and remind me somewhat of a biscotti, but soft. It had a bit of sweet, but still had the distinct and somewhat bitter (a good thing) flavor profile matcha has.Chocolate Cream Puffs- they're petite sized and the chocolate has different "levels". Chocolate dip on top, light cacao shell, and the cream had a almost mocha flavor with the whisper of a almost Kahlua-ish quality to it.Coconut cookies- these are wafer thin rounds and the cookie takes on a consistency and taste that is part Danish butter wafer, part burnt sugar flavor like a nice peanut brittle. Think giant florentine without the chocolate side. These are very nice and will get the almond variety next time. Fried Mochi- These are a great idea and my mom used to make these and roll them quickly in some sugar and they were amazing. However, when it's fried and then sitting in a plastic bag, you get a bag of mochi with an oil puddle. I pressed them then patted it dry with a paper towel, reheated them. It was better warm, but this is not for people who don't like rich/buttery/oily. This would be AMAZING if it was fresh, fried to order at the bakery. I think though people would be better off getting the non fried red bean mochi. Cream Filled Horn- it was a horn shaped bun that was next to the peanut butter bun....I think the cream is mocha since its brown, but there wasn't a sign explaining what it was. I can't quite tell if it's mocha or not because it's gone sour. First throwaway. Mom and grandma got a almond danish like pastry, carrot cake loaf slices, and a walnut tart of sorts on our most recent visit. Mom liked the walnut tart and the other two were just okay. It's not the quality in question because the "danish" and carrot cake were good to me, it's just they are finicky with pastries. We are always trying places because we can't get them satisfied even though we are happy with place. The problem is they need more buttery, sweeter treats which simply isn't Asian treats but more American or French. We're skipping buying them stuff here and getting more for us! To be continued as we eat!
4	Yum.... Breads, pastries, cookies, oh my! I stopped by after having dinner in search of something yummy to take home for a snack later on. I ended up with some milk bread, dinner rolls and mochi cake. Everything looked so good.  I was definitely eying the mousses and cakes for next time.
3	The Skinny: a Korean bakery with great selections(3.5) Service - warm and friendly - I just wished their baked goods were labelled better (3.5), Value - it's pretty good - got a bag of cookies, 3 buns, honey layer cake plus a free cheese puff for around $11 (3).Was eager to try this place after hearing about their wonderful pastries and buns. Purchased a honey layer cake, a red bean bun (anpan in Japanese), a Mr. Kim Roll, a red bean donut, a bag of their green tea almond shortbread, and was treated to a cheese puff by their wonderful staff.The red bean bun was quite good - loved the amount of filling inside (I really hate it when you bite into a filled bun and it's a mouthful of just bun). The filling itself was just a tad too sweet for me. Bereaved of great Asian bakeries in the LV area, however, I will eagerly go back for some more.The Mr. Kim Roll was a lovely red bean/peanut twist with a streusel on top. An interesting combination and a little less sweet than its red bean bun counterpart. The textural differences made this one even more enjoyable than the anpan.The honey layer cake was a very nice sponge with some nice honey flavours. Again, perhaps a little too sweet for me but it is a great quality product.Green tea almond cookies had too much green tea flavour in them. The flavour of the tea left a mild bitterness to the palate. The overall biscuit texture was nice though - buttery and flakey. Might have to try the non-green tea flavoured almond cookies next time.The red bean donut - I think it was supposed to have a dusting of sugar on top but had been sitting too long in the package or was packaged when it was still too warm. The sugar was melted into a syrup and made the donut soggy.The free cheese puff was a little tough and chewy from the melted cheese inside. The flavours were nice though.With regards to the bakery, I found that numerous pastries were not labelled in the store so I spent time browsing through trying to figure things out. Luckily the sales person was quite helpful and was able to identify the pastries for me.Overall, a great find in the Chinatown area.
4	Our friends had said that we needed to stop at this Korean Bakery that served a Taiwanese-ish shaved ice. First of all I was skeptical. Korean bakery? Do those even exist? Seeing it was 104 degrees outside, who's to argue?! So, off we went to Las Vegas' version of Chinatown. A few blocks of strip malls with all kinds of Asian businesses.Honestly, I'm more of a shave ice purist. I'm the rainbow flavor guy with a scoop of vanilla ice cream at the bottom. This, this was different. It had my favorite, kinako in it. It made it odd to have the ice melting with all kinds of stuff versus the dry dusty flavor of the kinako. I liked it. Even better was that this is a bakery, with all sorts of bready goodies. One that really hooked me was their Honey Bread. Initially it didn't taste like much, but the more bites you took the sweetness seemed to creep into every part of your mouth. It grew on me until I discovered I had eaten the whole thing by myself. The employees were nice and even threw in an extra roll for us to try.Located upstairs in a strip mall, parking shouldn't be too bad. It does share spaces wand will get busy around peak times. Bonus points for being open late. Hey, it gets over 90 degrees at night in Vegas! Why not grab a late nice icy treat?
3	I'm taking 2 stars off. The BF loves the Honey layer cake and dropped by to pick some up on the way home from work. He started eating one, and it had EGGSHELL. You should never be that careless to have it get into the food. It was a small piece, but big enough to see. He didn't eat the rest of it. We still had a few so he thought to try another one. It was off tasting when he took a bite. I tried and it was spoiled.I ate the last one which he would not touch, I found a Eggshell in mine too. I notice their bags are Providence Bakery. I have seen this at L'Epidor Bakery inside Greenland too.....so I'm assuming they're all affiliated? One disappointing connection- we also found eggshell in the honey layer cake. WHAT THE HELL. Thats his favorite thing and the reason why we kept coming back is that it was good here....Now we are unsure about Crown.
4	Seriously, the cream puff population in my bag suffered serious casualties before they made it home.  And the survivors only lasted til dusk the next day.  By then they were no more.
4	Crown Bakery is my favorite bakery in town, and that's not just because it's next to my favorite restaurant in town, but simply because they have a great selection of tasty treats!  I like to come here to pick up cookies and little tasty snacks to have around the house, and I usually get a Thai Iced Tea while I'm here.  The pastries are cheap, and are very good.  Everything is made in-house, that same day, and are layed out on display on shelves and tables.  I wish I knew the names of most of my favorites here, but I really enjoy the almond cookies, and the soft vanilla madeleine's are also very good.  The one thing I definitely would suggest is their Palmiere's.  A true test of any good bakery is their Palmiere's: simple, but so good.  If you're not into pastries, don't worry, neither am I... but you will love this place none the less.
5	the best bakery in town.  great staff and pastry.  better boba tea than tea station, located underneath.  cute decor.
4	What a pleasant surprise - the kind of place one would never know about without yelp and other review sources.  Very friendly staff - had some almond cookies, a mr. kim roll and honey bread.  All were excellent, and the almond cookies were particularly excellent.  Great place to grab some pastries, and they did a nice job of making a little inviting cafe out of their space.  All pastries were very well merchandised - had a french bakery quality to the packaging.  Highly recommended.
5	I am sitting here at my work desk, with a stack of flat almond cookies from Crown Bakery.  Well, it was once a stack.  Now it is half of a stack.  My coworkers raided it.  I guess it is my own fault for not buying another package of these delicious morsels!  Crown Bakery is a fairly new experience for me.  I've had several of their cream cheese/red bean/custard pastries, and I love them all.  I particularly love the cream cheese and custard filled ones.  The cream cheese is unique, light and creamy at the same time, sweet but not overly sugary.  I can feel my waste line expanding every time I walk in here!If you are not into creamy filling of goodness, you can try the wide variety of cookies at Crown Bakery.  I love these little flat almond cookies.  They come in a pack of a dozen or so.  All they are is some batter baked thin with almonds.  Lightly oily, and not too sweet, these go perfect with coffee or tea, or just as a snack.  Well, assuming your coworkers don't eat them all first.  Crown Bakery rocks!  My pants seem tighter after a visit to this special little place, but it is totally worth it!
4	Ok the reviews are right. Red bean buns are tasty, though not very different than the ones you'd get elsewhere. They're softy with the right level of chewiness and seemed very fresh.The almond cookies are dangerous. We almost ate the entire pack in one sitting, so had to stop. They're not overly sweet and have a great crunch without being burnt tasting like we've gotten at other places. The meat pocket things didn't look appetizing, but we got there around closing time on a Tuesday night. The cakes looked good, but I read on Yelp that they're often dry, so I passed. The owner was very nice, but his limited English meant I couldn't get some questions answered. Glad the universal "finger point", head nod and "yes/no" worked.
5	Love this place!Brought friends here for dessert after foodie-a-thon at Raku.  We may have had a little sake (or a lot) over dinner because we somehow thought it would be a great idea for the four of us to get like 15 pastries...  Amazingly, we championed through about 7 of them... My favorite by far is the cream bun--  it's a must have.  I think I ate 1.5 by myself (while still sampling the other 6 pastries.  Sigh.  The next day was an extra long one at the gym, but well worth it!
4	One word-- almond cookies. They are sinfully addictive! At 5.00 a bag, it seems pricey, but they are worth every penny. Flat, cripsy and full of almond and buttery goodness, I pretty much ate the whole pack by myself! Crown bakery also serves baked goods-- red bean mochi buns, green bean buns, breads, cream cheese breads, shortbreads, as well as shaved ice, coffee, boba and cakes. The shop owners are also very friendly! Good news- they are open late as well for late night cravings! They fell short of 5 stars because I wished they had a little bit more variety.
4	They still have those great Korean pastries, but on every visit we usually also get their boba drink. That is, except last night after our AYCE hot pot dinner at a new restaurant that just opened up, since we arrived around 9:15pm and were told that they shut down all the machines an hour before closing.  They don't even have coffee, and the only beverages available for purchase are the bottled juice and water.Anyway, we bought some new breads to try.  The White Beans Bun is just okay, the bread is great like all of their other breads, but i now know I am not a fan of the White Beans filling.  The sweet Potato Bun is good, the sweet potato flavor is very mild, and I would like it more if it was more pronounced.That is all.  :D
4	Their almond and chocolate rectangle cookies are bomb. I imagine I'm the cookie monster and just gobble down the almond cookie like COOKIE COOKIE COOKIE then I pass out then wake up to start eating the rectangle cookies and then overdose.The rectangle cookies have almonds in them as well. LOL THIS STORE AND ALMONDS
3	This is strictly for the shaved ice.  I really enjoyed it, it came with plenty of fruits and red bean.  The ice was finely shaved, unlike some places I've tried.  The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars now instead of 4 is because something was wrong and their ice cream wasn't available.  Usually I love having a scoop of green tea ice cream on top of my shaved ice.  Also I love the decor of the place.  It's very cute and cozy!  Good place to go and enjoy coffee and dessert with your friends.
4	I adore it here; it's so cute and should I say "girly". The bakery is small but cozy, complete with comfy chairs, wooden tables, wicker accents, floral details, and beautifully decorated cakes on display. There's also a poster of Audrey Hepburn in "Breakfast at Tiffany's" on the wall. Last time I went here, they had a gigantic gingerbread house in front and Christmas songs in the background to celebrate the holiday season. The service is so friendly here, which is another reason to come to Crown Bakery for your carbohydrate fix. Crown Bakery serves hot and cold drinks and other treats like Pat Bing Soo (Korean Shaved Ice). But what really make this bakery amazing are the baked goods- pastries, cookies and cakes galore. I love the flavor of Korean-style breads, from sponge cakes to peanut cream buns to their signature Mr. Kim Bun.  The Mr. Kim Bun is delicious- an ever-so-soft bun intertwined with peanut-butter crumbles and red beans. I couldn't stop eating it even though I promised myself I would only eat half. I especially love the red bean mochi bun, which is a hybrid between bread and mochi filled with red bean and fried to crispy perfection. What results is a sweet treat with a chewy glutinous outside and a creamy red bean center. It's rich, sweet, and oh so good. These mochi treats are located on the cashier counter. In my opinion, Korean-style breads seem healthier and lighter than traditional American desserts like cupcakes and cookies. And while the best Korean-style breads are found in Korea, Crown Bakery is, so far, the best Korean bakery in town.
4	Crown Bakery was totally worth the cab ride and the walk in the rain. We had just finished dinner at Mother's Korean Grill and decided to have shaved ice for dessert at Crown. We hadn't a clue where Crown was and almost gave up when the handy dandy GPS on my phone told me that we were only 200 feet away. So, we turned to our left and lo and behold, there was Crown! We were ecstatic...well, I can't speak for everyone, but I certainly was!It was pretty early for dessert, but I didn't care. I had come all the way from SF for some of Crown's famous shaved ice and almond cookies. The interior of the shop is so adorable! I love the way that the baked goodies are stored in baskets on the shelves. The shop was all festive for Christmas too! We ordered a shaved ice with extra condensed milk and grabbed some almond cookies and green tea cookies to bring home. The shaved ice was alright; it would have been better on a hot, summer day. Be sure to sample the cookies before you purchase. We went too late in the evening and they ran out of most samples, so we took the empty boxes as a sign that they were delicious. Not quite. The almond cookies were to die for; think Asian Laceys without the chocolate. I brought some of the almond cookies back to SF, but they are so delicate that they were crushed by the time I got home. The green tea cookies, on the other hand, were a little too bitter for our tastes. The green tea flavor was too overbearing, in my opinion. I also wanted to try the fried mochi, but they ran out. The owner is really nice and pretty easy to talk to. My adorable two-year-old niece went today and she was able to score some freebies from him. Can't wait for my next visit to Vegas so I can visit Crown again!
4	This would have been the perfect place to come after my ballet practice, if only I was 9 years old again and ballerinas were not generally so damned by anorexia.  Fine, I'll take the present into account, I may be about ten pounds over the preferred weight and five years over the peak age for the delicate dancers; but Crown Bakery still makes me want to climb into my silk tutu, cuddle up with my cashmere wrap, and sit here to drink fruit teas and eat Asian pastries until my chubbiness violates all dance aesthetics!  Yes, it's a daintily gorgeous venue, fireplaces, ruffled tablecloths, fashion magazines and all!  I'll eat half a coconut bun, half a green bean bun, smell the red bean bun and then take it home.  My beverage tab will look like this: coffee, coffee, tea, coffee, tea, tea, water, and more tea.  All the afternoons can be spent making myself believe in love and beauty.  Crown Bake Shop, you bring the fantasy out of me!PS. A dose of reality: you can burn about 10 calories climbing the stairs to get to the bakery where you will eat at least 1000 calories.
4	THIS PLACE IS SO KEWL! It has a bunch of baked goods & even shaved ice on the menu! I got a Mr. Kim bun (red bean) and some of those bread things w/ almonds & light coffee cream on the inside. All real good! The lady behind the counter is friendly :D
4	I love Korean bakeries!I believe this place used to be the Provence bakery that was located behind Hue Thai and they moved, but I realized that when I saw the bad of goodies and it said Provence on it rather than Crown Bakery. Oh well. I loved Provence because they had melan pan.. and Crown does not.Still, this is a great bakery. They are open late... til 11:30p. I was next door at Ichiza and wanted to stop by after, we finished out meal around 11:40p and noticed they were still open, because there was a group of girls inside. I like the fact that they stay open for as long as there are customers.. but it sucks for the employees. And I could tell the girl at the counter wasn't happy to stay late, but she was still very nice.Even right before closing, they had a great selection of items. From cakey cookies, breads, buns, cranberry cookies, mini cinnamon rolls (I didn't care for them but my bf liked it when we brought it home to nuke for 10 seconds) and I had the pb bread which I didn't think was outstanding but scarffed it down even though I was very full from dinner.There was a poster saying Best Shaved Ice in Las Vegas, but it was late and I was too cold to try, but I will definitely go back. This is a great place for a carb fix anytime. They pastries and breads are yummy usually and they change up the selection quite often. Also have green tea ice cream and stuff. Yum. And of course cakes like tiramisu and stuff.I'll be back!
4	I agree with Audrey T. Crown Bakery was worth every part of the walk in the rain & the cab ride from Circus Circus. Thank god for Audrey's GPS or else we'd be stuck in the plaza next door for God knows how long. Thankfully, Crown Bakery was conveniently located NEXT to the plaza we were in. Once inside, I immediately noticed the "Cuteness" of the store. The store reminds me of the bakery from the Korean drama "antique bakery" It's filled with baked goods lined up against the wall and spread out on the table top in middle of the room. There was also a cute little gingerbread house next to the cash register which I was really tempted to touch (but i resisted!). Even though it was way too cold for patbingsoo (shaved ice) we figured we better get it since we made that long trek over here just for it! The patbingsoo was pretty good but not as heavenly good as it would've been if we had consumed it on a hot summer day instead of a freezing winter night -__-, it had alot of fresh fruits in it and the owner was nice enough to add lots of condense milk at my request :) Their almond cookie is probably the best part of Crown Bakery! OMFG they were SO GOOD I wish we had gotten a few more bags before we left. Unfortunately, we were deceived into getting some green tea cookies which were not exactly my cup of tea. But apparently was my dad's since he gobbled all of it up the minute I gave it to him.Definitely give Crown Bakery a try when you're in Vegas! it's located upstairs in the plaza next to the main plaza in Las Vegas' "Chinatown" [ the one with ranch 99 in it]
4	Absolutely love this place! I've been coming this place for many years and I've never been disappointed. I've been a good customer since early 2000. Back then, there was not a single Korean Bakery in town. Whenever, I had a chance to go to California, I almost spent at least $40-50 on bakeries at Korean Bakery in K-town, L.A. -.-;;; Yes, I had an obsession with Korean bakeries... On all my friends or coworkers birthday's, we were buying cakes either at American or Chinese pastries... I am not saying that they are not as good as Korean bakeries but I just wanted to introduce some other taste of cakes out there to people that I know :) One day, I was invited to one of my friend's housewarming party. I stopped by at Crown Bakery and got a cake(it's called, "Saeng Cream Cake" which is commonly translated as "Fresh Cream cake") It is basically a layers of sponge cakes with very light texture cream icing and topped with assorted fresh fruits. It gives the whipped cream a deep, sensual flavor without the overpowering richness of a cream. Elegant, light, not overly sweet! I don't have to remove the cream icing part on the cake. All my ladies enjoyed the cake at the party!! My suggestions would be..... 1)Fresh Cream Cake 2)Buns filled with fresh cream, red bean, peanut butter cream, or custard cream 3)They sell fresh toast bread! Very soft! 4) Black Sesame Tapioca Mochi Roll-One of my favorite!!! Good pairing with cream cheese if you have one at home :) Very Chewyy, Mochi-Mochi~~ 5)Croquettes-filled with potato salad(cucumber, eggs, cabbage, mayo) & hot dogs. Sometimes, I eat as a snack at work :P 6) Almond Crisp-Very dangerous.. I can't stop one after another~ 7)Shaved Ice(pls, try either Grean Tea or Fruits) The variety is wonderful! I suggest you go to Crown Bakery and buy something for yourself or if not just give it a try :P By the way, does anyone know where I can try a Blueberry Yogurt Cake in town?? I want it so badly :(
3	Yelper reviews prompted me to go here.  This is a cute bakery with a good selection of baked goods.  The gal at the register was very sweet.After spending $27 on 8 items, I have to say, they were okay, a little bland on a few of their goods.  We tried: Cranberry Cookies (surprisingly good. Think shortbread cookie.)Almond Cookies (flavorful and crisp, lots of almonds)Choco Almond Cookies (bland, missing something)Honey Bread (bland)Banana Sponge Cake (expecting banana flavor or creme filling, kinda dry)Bread Rolls (what you expect a roll to be)Custard Pastry (custard tasted like sweet scrambled egg, eww)Chocolate Cake Creme (bland, missing something)We'll be back to try other things.
5	woohoo! as good as it gets! delicious pastries & shaved ice! i've been coming here for years and now that i joined Yelp, i get to write a review! I stopped by this place with my friend after we had a nice relaxing massage at Good Foot Spa. i love the atmosphere at Crown Bakery, so small and cozy... kinda like you are in a cottage surrounded by flowers lol! we needed a place to study and didn't feel like driving all the way to UNLV so we sat at the first table on the right. the owners are always sooo sweet, if you purchase about $20 worth of pastries, they'll usually throw in something! my friend and i ordered a variety of stuff like the hot dog bun, croquette, raspberry rolls, and my friend ordered a beautiful cake for her niece. i love their coffee, they use LAVAZZA! Overall, we stayed for a few hours chatted and studied. Of all the korean bakeries i have been too, Crown Bakery is the most consistent and have the best varieties!!!!
5	Love this bakery..it's actually the only Korean bakery I go to. The lady is always so sweet and happy and the interior is warm cute and comfortable. I love the tapioca bread which is a chewy plain bread.and the custard filled bread is my boyfriend's favorite. We also get the shaved ice all the time. Oh and small downside is you have to pay cash unless your purchase is over $20.
5	Stumbled upon this place by accident.  I was on my way to the AIDS walk on a Sunday and found out a good friend of mine celebrated his bday the day before.  I wanted to get him a cupcake but all of the bakery that sells cake/cupcake opens at 11am on Sunday morning and I needed it at 9am.  And this is how my little love affair for this place started.This bakery is truly amazing.  It has a quaint feature that reminds me of those asian bakery you see in a foreign movie or something.  Their cakes looked and tasted wondeful.  But the best part about this bakery is their customer service.  EXCEPTIONAL customer service!  The owner/baker (I wasn't sure) gladly opened the bakery and sold me a cake for my friend eventhough he said the cashier doesn't show up till 10am.  He said he didn't have change or is able to operate the cash register so I gave him a little bit more than the asking price and in return, gave me a red bean mochi instead!  Made my day =).
4	Cute little place. Only tried some of the baked goods, and they were good. I hope to try their desserts and coffee next time.
5	Reminiscent of everything that is popular and wonderful about Korean baked goods. This is one of the three biggest chain bakeries in South Korea. Vegas is pretty lucky to have one here because Koreans are serious about their pastries and coffee. The atmosphere is decorated in a garden style that creates a year round warmness. At first you might think that Crown has a small selection, but in reality they have about the same amount as their Chinese competitors.  You just won't find taro or BBQ pork buns here. Instead you will get pizza breads and the Mr. Kim Bun. The latter is amazing. If taro is my favorite, this would take a close second. The crunchy/creaminess of the peanuts helps mellow out the red bean. I can only eat so much the sweet paste, but this bread is great.  I still break it into smaller servings, but the bread is moist and does not dry out as quickly as other places. I just wished that they had sweet potato bread because that was my all time favorite while living abroad. It was dangerous, consider yourself lucky that there is not one on every corner.The coffee is great here. I got an iced black Americano and it was not bitter at all. It was strong and gave me the boost that I needed to get through my errands.  If you plan on using your card, you must spend over $10.
4	This place is great !!! The family who runs the business super friendly. Whats really important is the baked goods. You need to go in there and just try it ... madeleine cookies are my favorite here all the good are fresh ... they also have drinks i like the strawberry smoothies.
5	funny thing is i have to yet set foot into the actual store... but i have just about eaten everything in it.... thanks to my relatives in vegas who bring it to socal... i get to eat a lot of their yummy pastries... they are great as gifts for friends.... and not too expensive either....
4	Yum! My family and I came here because we had 45 minutes to wait for a table at Ichiza. I never enjoy waiting for dinner, but I'm glad we had to that night, because we discovered this little gem. We choose at least 5 different desserts and loved them all. From the almond cookies to the honey bread: delicious. I highly recommend you try it out.
4	Definitely not what I expected. Feels like I should be speaking queens English when I walked in. The employees are friendly. Lots of treats to tempt you. The mango cake was fresh. Milk raisin bread can't go wrong. The vanilla cake slices are moist.The shaved ice with fruit and red bean is big enough for two people. Though next time ill pass on the beans. I can see why this place is still in business. Delicious
5	I come here for their delicious red bean buns. Mmm! They also have really good mocha cakes. I think they have different flavors, they're cakes that have a swirl filling. I get every color/flavor and they're all delicious. The shave ice is korean style shave ice, not hawaiian. It comes with red beans and other fresh fruit. It's pretty good, you get a large portion. The interior is nice and clean. They have a warm, comfortable atmosphere. It's located on the top floor of a plaza and you get to burn off the calories from eating all those sweets by walking up the stairs. :D
4	Just stopped in here last night for an after-work treat with a coworker! For one, I love that it's open late. The whole little plaza that it's in seems like a real hotspot, from how it's so hard to find parking!It's a little hard to find if you're not looking from the street, as it's upstairs, so once you're in the lot, it's blocked from view. Definitely worth climbing the stairs for! It's a small venue - not a lot of seating available, but I think that it's meant to be mainly a to-go location. The baked goods are all fresh and definitely taste like it. You can see the actual bakery in the back, which is probably the reason that the front is so small. My friend and I got the ham sandwich (which has a lot more than ham - jalapenos, some crab, onions, and more! She was very happy with it!), a little eclair, and a sponge cake. We also got the green tea lattes, mine iced and hers hot. Both tasted excellent.There's a nice blend of European sweets in with more traditional mochi treats and buns. Next time, I'm definitely trying the strawberries, as well as one of the cakes in the small display by the door.The decor is very pretty and ambient, and there's so much to try that I'll definitely need to come back multiple times to taste all of the offerings! The owner was very friendly and brought our orders right out to us on a cute platter. The little touches make this one a winner if you're just looking for a light snack!
5	I love Korean things. In all forms. Crown is no exception!Last week, I was lucky enough to snag some cookies from Crown. I'm not entirely sure what they are called, but they are thin, crispy and come in a couple different flavors: almond and coconut.The cookies are about the size of a CD (anyone remember those?), both in diameter and depth. It's very crunchy texture makes it seem more of a wafer than anything, but they are so delicious.Maybe it's the butter, the sugar or the crack. I don't care, I want more.I am coming back and grabbing more stuff. Elnino has me craving a Mochi Bun, and Misti has be jonesin' for a Mr. Kim Roll.Someone, take me away to Crown Bakery. Like stat.
4	We will definitely be back here, what a quaint location that I hope to introduce to friends.  Got a loaf of milk bread to cut into nice thick slices to make french toast (try it you will be hooked too) and a package of three 'sticks' that had what looked like meringue spread on top with a raspberry  jelly in a criss cross pattern and they were light fluffy and just barely sweet the perfect amount of sweet to cure the craving :)
1	As I'm waiting to pay for cookies, the lady making shave ice kept wiping her nose with her arm or tissue and not washing her hands. Gross. Oh and it was my husband's shaved ice order. She was on her phone the whole time and it took forever to get the shaved ice. On top of that, for some odd reason the cashier stopped working. She just looked at me as if I could fix it when I went to pay for cookies. She doesn't even bother trying to fix it. As for the shaved ice, the hubs asked for red bean on the side and it wasn't (cause she was too busy talking on the phone).  And don't bother asking for a scoop of ice cream...cause it was like a teaspoon of ice cream. As I'm typing this the register is now working and she doesn't even bother to let me know. I feel bad for the owner...their loss.
5	Very delicious baked goods, very nice staff/owners & atmosphere!!!  My wife and I definately found our favorite bakery in Las Vegas.It's located in a small mini-mall on the 2nd Floor.  I was still trying to recover from the lack of sleep the night before (not hungover) and was in need of coffee and something to eat.  As soon as we walked inside, our eyes and stomach wanted to try everything and we basically did LOL!!!  The owners were in the back baking, but immediately rushed out to assist us.  She was very sweet and helpful.  The ambience & decor of Crown Bakery is very relaxing and sets a very comfortable mood, which is needed sometimes while in Las Vegas.  I highly recommend Crown Bakery for anyone in need of Coffee & Baked goods and a relaxing atmosphere.
3	I passed by Crown the first time I went by Ichiza, hoping I'd have enough room after my meal there.  But alas, the delectable honey toast didn't leave room to breathe, let alone Korean pastry. Finally, I had a chance to try it this last  trip to Vegas...and the suspense, the expectations...all, unfortunately fell flat. The spongy steamed cakes in a lighted pastry case has such promise.  The whipped cream seemed fresh, the fruits, not bruised and still firm looking.  Once I dug in, the cake was tougher and had larger bubble holes than I anticipated.  The fruit was soggy.  Maybe the cake has been sitting around too long.  Is IS a 24 hour bakery. The red bean pastry was unfortunately soggy and to thick with bean paste.  The cheese bun had a cloyingly sweet artificial cheese taste. I know the die-hards are disappointed at my review, but perhaps it was the time of evening I went (about 8 or 9pm) or it was just an off day.  Really wanted to like this one, super cozy atmosphere and friendly staff.  Will have to try again and update.
4	Best thing about crown bakery is the almond and coconut cookies, hands down! These are cookies you will have cravings for!
4	Don and I came here after finding out that Tea Station didn't have any outlets for us to plug our laptops into...I really hate it when places with free wifi don't have any outlets. The place was empty, which was perfect for a study session once we figured out they had free wifi AND plenty of available outlets to use. We ordered some green tea shaved ice and a small bag of 5 biscottis for less than ten bucks. I couldn't help but notice how quaint the place is inside. They have some chandeliers hanging from the ceiling with tassels hanging off of them, antique floral print chairs, and intricate wooden benches with pillows to sit on. There was even a very elaborate giant gingerbread house that I assume they made themselves. The place has a very homey feel to it. They seem to have a lot of regulars that come in as well. People kept coming in and out buying bags of baked goods while we were there.The shaved ice was good; not the best I've had, but still good. I just prefer more condensed/evaporated milk in my shaved ice because I have a big sweet tooth, but I liked that the shaved ice here relied on the flavors of all the ingredients and not just one the flavor of the shaved ice here relied on all the ingredients instead of just one. It had green tea ice cream, LOTS of red beans, mandarin oranges, kiwi, strawberry, and a little condensed milk. Don absolutely loved the almond biscottis. I'm not much of a biscotti fan though, so I can't say much about them. Overall, this is a great place to study or do some work. It's very cozy inside and they have a massive amount of pastries :)
4	I just simply loved the fact that there were samples in almost all the cookies. No wonder they are famous for their almond cookies, there are delish, crunchy and sweet. The green tea cookies, eek not so much, quite on the bitter side! Everything is perfectly labeled in English so you know what you are tasting; I personally think that's important because it scares away any fears a potential buyer may have, whose taste buds are unaccustomed to Asian delicacies. As soon as I walked in, the place felt very quaint, tables were clean. Space is limited but they have free wifi and it's a nice place to come study or read a book and enjoy a sweet. It really is a smaller bakery but  it is very well stocked. I came in the afternoon and there were plenty of goodies on display. I ended up getting cranberry cookies, cheese buns and cream cheese cookies. The cookies are crunchy, soft, buttery, perfect sweetness. Cranberry cookies are by far my favorite now but the cream cheese ones don't fall far back either. The cream cheese cookies are crunchier, smooth, palate cleansers and they pair up awesome with fresh fruit preserves. The buns, next time I rather buy regular instead of cheese because you can't really taste it, they weren't as good. The only things I wish they had are more varieties of single sliced cakes, like peach cake, mango, green tea and a better selection of beverages. I definitely plan on coming back for more. I really have to try these red bean buns and the mochi everyone talks about.
3	I have to say, I don't quite understand all the rave reviews about this place. I snagged about 5 pastries for breakfast and snacks and while they were all pleasant and tasty, was not especially enthused by any in particular. That doesn't exactly warrant a five star review from me. I was in the area again the following day (cheap gas at Arco across the street on Spring Mtn) and went to Diamond Bakery instead in the next plaza over and was much happier.
4	I really love this place, all the specialty cake and pastries are gorgeous and look delicious, there is a lot of them i never tried before which i find very exciting!I had the banana sponge cake today to go with my tea and it was really moist and buttery, simple yet delicious!the owner is sooo nice and friendly, I love the fact that they serve your coffee in a REAL mug and not the fake paper one.You can enjoy your goodies there or to go.The goodies are more Korean style than European but they have very nice basics such as a beautiful tiramisu.The establishment itself  is charming and relaxing, this is a "British teatime" type of atmosphere in the heart of Chinatown.Really unique little place,A must go!
4	Super cute pastries and they give away samples too! When you enter, it feels like a comfy living room with magazines and a night lamp!
5	My fave custard tarts in town. The closest I've found to the ones in Hong Kong. Nice and flaky, especially when they're hot! I don't go anywhere else for custard tarts because they're just not nearly as good.
4	Nice store Clean & cosyWie had some Cookies there. Creamcheese Cookies were yummy. We Shared the greentea Shaved ICE. It was yummy Too but Too expensive 6 or 7 $. Selection is ok i Prefer Diamond bakery.
4	My husband and I came here  for dessert after eating at Kinh Do which is across the street . I tried this dessert that looked like Tiramisu but it was more dense. It didn't taste as fresh as my husband's fruit cake. I liked his dessert  better  because the yellow cake was  fluffy and it had little bits of fruit in it. The frosting was perfect because it was light and not too sweet. The piece of cake was  topped with fresh strawberries and kiwis. It was delicious! I ate more than half of his cake! I also had a Green Tea Latte to wash it down. I liked the latte because it was nice and frothy and the taste wasn't too strong. I know that green tea is good for you but if it is too strong  like the tea at Starbucks it reminds me of lawn grass.
5	Best taro smoothie I've ever had, it honestly beats any of the boba places nearby in my opinion. Their goods are usually priced under $2.00, they have hot tea, shaved ice, smoothies, and cake! The place is very cute and clean, there's little seating but it's a great quiet atmosphere :) They accept debit but you have to spend over $10 to use it, otherwise it's cash only.
5	I think this place deserves an awesome shuffle dance because this place just makes me shuffle with joy!I stopped by to grab a quick snack, and judging by the reviews and the offerings I just had to get my hands on a yummy treat to satisfy my sweet tooth. I came. I saw a $15 minimum purchase for credit cards (because being the unprepared person I am I didn't carry cash). I conquered with a bag full of pastries and a nice latte! I was on a mission. To devour these lovely treats and meeting my $15 minimum. I bought the red bean bun, fried mini mochi balls, and the mochi with red bean. I also ordered a nice latte to down these suckers with as well. Bam! $15 minimum met and satisfied! I felt like for the amount of wonderful items I bought it was all a good deal.My personal favorite was the fried mochi balls. Chewy, fried, and yummy! The red bean bun was wonderful and huge! The bread was soft and doughy and the red bean was just right. I'm craving for more just thinking about it!I went looking for Mr. Kim to see what the hype was all about, but they discontinued the smaller portion. Now, it's supersized! It's like they injected steroids or fertilizer on it because it's huge! Hence why it's now called the mammoth. The lady was so sweet and patient with me for being so indecisive. So thank you ma'am! Free wifi here as well and cute little seating areas to mingle with friends, lovers, or a date. If you ask me, this bakery is the perfect place to invite a nice cutie for a cup of coffee, good conversation, and a nice pastry to share.So go ahead my friend, invite away. Suit up and find a nice cutie to share a red bean bun or a mammoth pastry with! Muahahaha.
5	This place never ceases to cheer me up, or fill me with surprises! I tried that custard bun. Actually, I bought two. I devoured them with joy, and as i took a bite into this soft, very gentle, and slightly sweet pastry, I fell on a cloud and felt like I ALMOST saw heaven. Almost...
4	The first time the wifey and I stopped by this place tucked in the heart of Chinatown, we were delighted to see the nice assortments of bake treats, goodies, cakes and whatever else makes a fat kid happy.  What caught our eye was the shaved ice on the menu chalk board.  We had to have it so we ordered.  We were not prepared to have what the lady brought out to us.  It was a ginormous mound of shaved iced goodness topped with fruits, red bean, mochi and condense milk.  There was nothing left of the bowl,it was destroyed!We had to subtract a star since returning a couple months ago and they went to smaller portions and smaller bowls.  Nonetheless, it was still tasty but left us wanting what we previously had.
5	A small but beautiful little Korean bakery. Lots of variety and I haven't found a thing that I didn't like. When I need something to eat on the go, this has everything I need. Why can't the Chinese bake like this?
4	A lot of people ask me "hey mike, what is a traditional korean dessert?" I would tell them it is paht-bing-soo. (red bean on shaved ice with fruits top with a sweetened condensed milk, and other toppings). The next question they usually ask me is "Can I find this dessert in Vegas?" The answer is "yes". While many other korean restaurants and coffee shops and bakeries offer this, I tried them all and none of them compare to the one at Crown Bakery. This place offers the right amount of sweetness and fruits. It's very refreshing. Make sure you order it when one of the girls are working the counter, they'll give you a big mound of ice and put mochi in it. The guy, if he's there, is a little stingy. That's why they get 4 stars today. Also, im kind of a traditionalist when it comes to this dessert so I like mung bean or soybean powder on mine. But that's my personal opinion. They have amazing breads and cakes there as well, much better than l'epidor in my opinion. But this hidden gem is the paht-bing-soo. Ch-ch-check it out!!
5	Can't believe I've Never wrote a review on this place even though Every time I go to Ichiza right next to it, I always hit this place right after and buy a Ton of stuff..and if the wait is long for ichiza we always go in and have coffee/tea while waiting especially when it's windy and cold outside...This place is AWESOME and we went here soo much that the owners knew us and if we didn't visit weekly or when I go back to vegas they always ask where I've been.They have AWESOME desserts and stuffed buns with hotdog and all that good stuff.  I turned my friend on to their Tapioca bun- a chewy bread with seeds on the outside..SOO yummy and a very light flavor.  Their sponge cakes are awesome and I make it a point to buy anything new. I have probably tasted about 98% of what they sell, though there is always something knew. My friends love their hot tea latte and get it with boba..lol Yes it's unusual, but very warm and chewy after drinking all your tea.  The owners are sooo nice and they always give you something free and new to take home free.  I love there boba smoothies and their desserts in the case are SOOO 5 star quality.  I can't wait to go back to vegas on my usual monthly trips back.. yummy...Now if I can only remember to check-in on yelp when I go back..hmmm  They have such a cozy seating area and it's so very relaxing to just kick back.  They have a TON of stuff there and there is something for everyone to get.  I spend atleast $50 when I go there to take stuff home and have for snacking or breakfast.  My daughter loves their sweet bread with custard in the middle. It's so creamy and milky sweet.  A must try when you're in the area for sure!!!!!
4	I LOVE this bakery. Their red bean pastries are tasty and I absolutely can't get enough of their almond cookies. Their shaved ice with fruits is a must-try. I also can't help but indulge in their small pizza with hot dog concoction. And not to mention their prices! It's cheap, but the quality sure as heck isn't. :) The staff is always so polite and helpful.
5	I love this cozy little bakery tucked away in a tiny little plaza on Spring Mountain Rd. I always pay this place a visit whenever I am in Vegas. The owner is so nice! He always remembers me and my family even though we're not locals, and he always gives us extra goodies for us to take with us :)They have the most AMAZING chestnut bread. I haven't been able to find anything quite like it here in LA!  Also, I'm a huge fan of their cookies! They have a ton of different cookies, and they have samples of EVERYTHING! Great bakery. Great prices. A must try in Vegas :)
5	This was my first visit to this cute little Bakery!! Seriously the cutest place EVER!! The cheesecake is the best and the shaved ice is a delightful HUGE treat!!
4	A kind woman greets you once you enter the door.
2	Hmm maybe I don't get Asian bakeries but I guess everyone else does.Located upstairs next to Ichiza, Crown is bakery that specializes in alot of Asian/Oriental type of pastries and breads. Don't come in expecting chocolate chip cookies and red velvet cupcakes. Instead, there are an assortment of pastries full of different kinds of paste. There are red bean pastries, green tea pastries, rock bread pastries (yes it was as unappealing as it sounds) along with various types of breads and loaves.The rock bread was full of nuts and raisins. It didn;t have much flavor and was actually pretty tough and hard to eat. (i guess thats why they call it the rock bread)Most of the pastries had way to much paste in them. I mean I have been to Diamond Bakery and the like so I know what to expect. But these things were just super sweet. The Rock Bread pastry has full of nuts and raisins. It has pretty much so taste at all. The main reason I came in was pretty much for the Honey Toast loaf they sell. I am not sure if its the same one that they have at Ichiza but it is awesome. It took me a while to make it the way they do at Ichiza (czech out that review) but the final product came pretty close.Come through if you know whats there or if you are looking for something very specific.Otherwise you maybe in for a unpleasant surprise.
4	Bwaaaah?  What is this stuff?  Really?  I can read da english, but can't figure out what everything is.  Doesn't matter though, because all this stuff is  T-A-S-T-Y.Asian Pastries mixed with European flair works.  Kinda like a fusion dessert place. 1.  Cookies - They have all these cookies with different flavors like green tea, almonds and some kinda rock looking cookie/pastry.  Most are thin, delicate and melt in your mouth.2.  Pastries - Really great stuff. some have things inside like the normal european stuff to pizza looking asian concoctions.  Tasty.  The kids like them too!  One of them looked like a mound of moist fruit on top of the pasty. Yummy!3.  Coffee -  Had regular and espresso coffee here.  Okay, not bad.I say come and check it out, let them explain stuff to you and sit down, relax and enjoy.
4	I LOVE their cream puffs and honey bread the best! cakes are good too. the dry stuff sucks, but I'm already full on the good stuff =9 Boyfriend and I used too frequent this place, but not so much anymore... The staff is mostly friendly but our favorite server left. Overall, great place to chill. Parking at night is a witch tho.
5	Man...this place just never fails. I got my usual order of the custard bun, the red bean bun, and then I thought I'd spice things up with their pecan tart.mmmm.....I fell in love with their pecan tart! rich and full of pecans in every bite (which was like only two bites), and the outter crust was nice and crunchy yet soft at the same time. The perfect combo for a primo tart. We all know that when it comes to tarts...the crust always has to be just right. I come back and every time I do I still get excited about their low prices on their to go desserts. I'll be back for more, and next time I will try a slice of their yummy cakes.
2	I really, really wanted to love this place, but I think I was expecting a traditional chinese bakery, and that's not what this place is.  I walked in here after having been thorougly disappointed by Diamond Bakery's lack of selection, and it was like pastry heaven.  They have tons of buttery wafer like cookies, all of which you can sample (they put pieces out in one of those plastic take out boxes and you can just reach in and grab one - ingenious idea, and great for grazers like me), and also some traditional chinese stuff, like red bean buns and custard buns.  Here's what I got:sponge cake - SO DRY.  I like my sponge cakes...well, spongy.  I like them to have a nice eggy flavor and at least enough of moisture that they don't stick to my throat when I'm swallowing them.  This was not that kind of sponge cake.  Grade: D.mini cinnamon rolls (pack of 4) - The icing is really sweet, and they don't have too much cinnamon flavor, but they were pretty moist.They also have a whole case of really beautiful looking cakes that look more like french pastries than your traditional cream/fruit chinese layered cakes.  If you really like butter cookies (you know, the ones that come in circular shapes with pretty colored swirls in the center), or nut cookies, I'd definitely check this place out.  But if you're looking for a traditional chinese bakery, I wouldn't come here.
3	I had a red bean bun, a cake roll, and a fried bun with curry flavor vegetables stuffed.All the them were not bad, but they don't taste that good to justify the price. Everything here is pretty expensive. I am a big fan of pastry and I have had better bread with lower price than I encountered here at Crown bakery.I really like to try the shaved ice that they sell here, but at $7 a bowl, I really doubt that I will ever.
4	A couple doors down from Ichiza, this place is a cool little Korean pastry shop to buy pastries, eat a pastry there, chill with a cup of coffee, or talk with friends. There isn't a great abundance of seating, but I've never had trouble finding room. They sell fresh pastries, wedding cakes, and also cake confections like tiramisu. I've had their mochi bread (bun with azuki bean mochi inside; $3), yummy. Their fried mochi is good, too. But the thing to write home about is the Mammoth bread. It's A huge flat pastry with azuki bean and butter cream inside ($15). Feeds me for a week and a half.
4	Came here because of all the awesome reviews I read from yelp and I'm glad to say they are all accurate and true! Yesterday was my second visit and Crown never fails because most of their items are fairly priced and delicious. This time I had the hot dog which is a hot dog wrapped in some type of crust with cheese and herbs. MMM! This was delicious because of the crunch of the melted cheese and the herbs were a nice little touch as well. I also had the honey bread, which I had the first time as well. Super moist and not overly sweet with honey throughout. I may come back in the future to order a cake here for a special occasion. As mentioned by others the lady at the cash register is super nice! Definitely need more people like her working around China Town, hahaha!
3	Korean bakery with lots of delectable Asian baked goods, a few samples, and congenial service. Although I prefer the Asian pastries in Norcal or SoCal (a la SF Chinatown), these still satisfied my appetite. I purchased a sweet green bean bun, similar to a red bean bun, which was just OK. The bread was soft and eggy but a little dry; the green bean was a bit too clover-green and sweet for my tastes. There are some Western baked goods there, however; my hubs bought some mini cinnamon rolls that were decent.
4	i love breads and always check for some good bakeries to try wherever i go..this place wasnt hard to find and parking was pretty easy, especially since i came in the morning (around 9am). upon entering the store, the first thing i got was their popular custard bread. i decided to get 3 of the custard bread based of the many good reviews i read about how good their custard bun is. i also bought their coconut bun simply because it looks cute and yummy (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/crown-bakery-las-vegas?select=KrjjRnSvgJyzC3yxY2a4jg#KrjjRnSvgJyzC3yxY2a4jg).. each bun cost about $1.50 each, slightly above average than many other asian bakeries.. but i guess korean and japanese bakeries are more expensive in general.. anyways, i knew that their custard wasnt fresh and it seems like a leftover from yesterday. but they the amount of filling they put was pretty generous and it taste pretty good.. the coconut bun was pretty tasty too and i should have bought more.. however, my past experience has taught me not to be greedy, especially on something ive never try.. they also have other goodies, coffees, and tables for you to sit and chill out with your friends or something... Plus, if you are planning on spending less than $10, make sure to bring cash for CC is only for purchase of $10 or more.
3	I was looking for a good bakery to satisfy my Asian pastry cravings. This place got really good reviews and ravings about their custard bread so I decided to stop by one night.When I walked in, I was welcomed by the cashier. The decor was very cute, charming and cozy though quite small. There were some people sitting in the corner of the room just hanging out and chatting. I went straight for the pastries to browse around and noticed there wasn't really much of a selection, and because I only had my debit card with me I needed a minimum purchase of $10. The cashier was helpful as I was looking through the front counter. I ended up grabbing 2 custard breads, 1 sponge bread, 1 coconut bread, 2 chocolate rolls, and 2 vanilla rolls.
3	Cute little Korean bakery on top of tea station on spring mountain. Really good assortment or bake goods and very lovely cakes and adorable cupcakes. The owner has a very dry sense of humor and can be quite entertaining to talk to. There's a 10min for creditCards here so bring cash. The pastries are decently priced and like delicious. I got some cupcakes for my friends birthday and he gave me free candles.  For myself, I got an order of their redbean mochi, which unfortunately, was a bit too mushy. The texture of the mochi was chewy enough and it broke down too easily. The redbean paste was good though, and wasn't over sweet to the palette. Will probably return if I'm in Vegas again and craving Asian pastries.
5	Very good matcha buns!
5	I love Korean bakeries! Being a fellow Korean, I absolutely am impressed with their red bean bun, mochi bun, monster bread, and custard bun! They also have whole red bean bread, cakes, and all sorts of goodies! I can't wait to go here again!!!
4	What a quaint and charming little place! The moment I stepped into the door I was greeted by a corridor lined with happy pots of flowers (yes, they are fake but they looked lovely!) They have really comfy and inviting looking tables and benches where you can sit to talk or eat your buns, and if we weren't in a hurry I'd sit there for a while! Anyhow, I purchased a bun filled with coconut custard - it was delicious!
5	We stumbled on this adorable bakery after having reflexology next door! We were pleasantly surprised at the delicious pastries... Esp the cream cheese breakfast loaf... Too die for!!! We sat, had espressos and tried dif pastries... What a great girls day!!! YUMMY!!!!! Oh, and the owner is so very nice!!!!We will definetly be back!!!! And soon!
5	Best Green Tea Latte in town, chill atmosphere. Great for card games with friends or just hanging out, relaxed. Amazing baked goods too.
4	We totally came here on a whim. We went to stop by KNYEW and while we were driving down the street, we came across Crown Bakery which we made an abrupt right turn into their parking lot. Glad we stopped by though.They are located on the second floor right above TeaStation.When you first walk in you dont think of anything until you start heading to the back where all the baked goodies are. They have racks and shelves of freshly baked goodness..I swear, i wanted to buy almost everything in there to bring back to Hawaii. But the two items I did buy was the custard and the red bean pastry. They are located more on the ride side away most away from the cash register.I asked the lady who was working there and she said they keep for a few days in the refrigerator which i tired to keep iced down as much as I could so i could bring it back home.Whats awesome about these parties that its filled with filling. Unlike some other places where its mostly bread, this place packs on the filling. You will not have a bite without any filling what so every. You know they pack on the filling when you buy 4 of them to bring back and its easily over 1lbs of food just in those 4 pastries.  So yummy and delish.Their custard wasn't too eggy at all. It had a perfect balance. I wish their red bead was a little bit more beany if that makes sense, but over all both items were great!They had tons of things to try also, they had come almond cookie that I wanted to buy but I don't think it would have made it back with my check in luggage to Hawaii.This is one of my stops for sure when I need to bring back Omiyagi from Las Vegas back home!
4	I did not realize this was a Korean bakery till I walked in the door and I saw they had red bean buns here!! I immediately grabbed a basket and started loading it up. There were all kinds of pastries and cookies too. They had a pretty good selection of almond cookies, the wafer thin type. I had to block out alot of goodies I saw, otherwise I would gain 10 lbs easily in here!   I also got mochi buns, green tea tiramisu and Mr B played it safe and picked out cinnamon buns. The pastries were moist, still had that fresh baked soft texture and buttery taste. The sweet red bean paste filling was light and ratio bun to filling was pretty even. So when you had a bite there wasn't more or too little of it. The only disappointment was the green tea tiramisu. I think the employee misunderstood me and gave me a green tea mousse cup because all it had in it was  heavy cream that tasted stale, and green tea matcha. It was missing Mascarpone cheese to qualify it as Tiramisu.  The shop was very cute. When you walk in there's a small dining area with tables and chairs set up. It had a modern English/Country charm about it. Really clean and bright. Located upstairs.   All pastries are individually wrapped and are displayed in wicker baskets with description, price and ingredients printed on cards. The cashier was really nice. She answered all of Mr. B's dumb questions with a smile. ..ha ha.. They have shave iced Korean style, Pat Bing Soo! Ohhhh man. I was still too full from dinner so I had to pass it up.  So till next time Im so here again!
5	It is always customary for my husband to take me here after going to have Ramen or visiting Ichiza (this place is right next door) on our date night. He knows I have a sweet tooth especially for this place. I love the decor in here it's very cutesy - it has a bit of a country charm like the 'precious moments' type feel. :-)I love ordering my coffee,picking out my pastry (or pastries) and being able to find a place to sit down, relax and just enjoy my dessert. We also take our kids here from time to time and they love picking out different types of desserts so that they can share them. They have a huge assortment of all types of goodies and the best thing about their pastries is that they aren't overpowered by sugar. They are just right.
5	This place has such great desserts..wow grab a tea down stairs and run to get our bun...
5	After living in this town for 5 years and frequenting Chinatown often, I was finally introduced to this place and all I can say is WOW! I have eaten pastries at many places around the world, but the ones I ate here were nothing short of divine.The first pastry I selected was a very soft pastry filled with egg custard and it about made me faint from the sudden head rush of gastronomic pleasure. Texture is important for pastries and I have never experienced anything like what is here. It is a true Vegas gem that I hope people embrace. The prices are incredibly cheap. I used to thing my Korean friends were crazy because every time they came back from this place they would bring 100 pounds of desert in tow. I now understand and hope you give it a try so you will too.
5	The coffees here are great but the baked goods are amazing
4	Almost indiscernible in the heart of Chinatown, is this Korean Vegas nook. Beat the heat and enjoy desert dessert, "Patbingsu" - shaved ice smothered in sweet red bean, rice cake morsels and fresh fruit ;)
4	As far as Asian bakeries go, I like this place. They have a decent selection of cookies, and you can sample any of them and some of the samples are the whole cookie. We come here regularly to get the little cinnamon rolls and the cream cheese cookie, which is like cookie crack. They melt in your mouth.  I have had the cake before, and probably wouldn't do it again but I am comparing it to Freed's and really I guess that isn't fair. They have a couple of tables so you can visit with friends or eat your cookies in house. Parking in this center is probably the worst in china town though, and often there are cars circling like vultures for parking spots in the evenings. If you park next door in the china town mall, then the security gaurds for china town plaza will try to disuade from parking there saying they will tow and demand a receipt to show that you patronized the china town mall - so be warned in that regard, or be sneaky in your parking tactics!
3	A couple weeks ago, we stopped by Crown bakery on our way to dinner and ordered the green tea tiramisu cake to celebrate my father-in-law/niece's joint birthday. The decoration of the cake was decent and the flavor was alright, but when you spend over $20 for a small cake it's hard not to be disappointed or even upset when its just mostly layers of cream.
5	They're open till midnight every night. My parents love this bakery and its amazing that its Korean because it almost Reminds my family of Chinese bakery . Their sponge cake is so good, like no other. Delicious !
2	2 star review to average out my experience here to a 3 star experience. I stopped here to get a quick fix of a red bean bun. Alas, I had no cash on hand and thus asked to use a credit card. Of course, I need a minimum of $10 to use a card. Fine...I get it...my fault for not carrying cash in Chinatown. So I give the shopgirl an attractive proposition....charge my credit card for the $1.50 red bean bun and add a $1 charge (an approximately 67% addition) to the bill to cover your processor charge. She stares at me as if I'm from outerspace. I explain my proposition again...this time slower...again, more blank stares. She then continued to say I needed to get $5...now, at this time I didn't get what the heck was going on. So I put back my bun in the rack and walk off. Maybe she had a bad day, didn't get a good night's sleep...maybe she was linguistically challenged...who knows? All I know is, I was mighty mad that night. Crown Bakery...there are some stellar bakeries in town. I'll just go hang at one of those.
3	Really great selection of pastries. They had a lot of sample cups laying around and I thought most of the selections were really tasty. But I came here for the Korean Shaved Ice. The Pat Bing Soo. Now, I'm pretty picky about my PBS. It has to have condensed milk, the brown powder, lots of mochi, ice cream, sweet red bean, fruits, and Fruity Pebbles/Captain Crunch. I ordered to go and as soon as I saw the girl behind the counter put red dye syrup into the massive cup of hard ice I knew it was game over. It wasn't terrible, but the fake sugar definitely cut into the red bean and condensed milk and defined the experience for me. The ice was too chunky, the fruits weren't fresh, and there was no ice cream, mochi, or cereal. I'd go here for a pastry when I'm craving Korean buns but don't come here with the intention of having authentic Pat Bing Soo.
5	The coffee is so cheap here it's $3.50 for a vanilla late and $4 for a Carmel macchiato. Cheaper than Starbucks and better. The Pastries are the best and never to pricy. I come here every time I am in town
5	The regular rolls were phenomenal! The super friendly woman behind the counter reported they were nothing special, but they were light and deliciously chewy while being sweet and savory. Delectable fruit and goguma cakes! This is a lovely place to pass the time!
2	Things look pretty decent when you walk in and they have a selection of a variety of bread.  I got the fruit sponge cake, mochi bread and that swirl sponge cake. But the bread was ok, the swirl bread cream was cheap and weird, the sponge cake had weird fruit (canned and sugared not to tasty perfections) and prices were slightly higher than norm for the quality ($1.25 for ones that are normally 75 cents or $1).  Anyway, probably won't go back since I'll try another bakery around the area.  Btw, they have a cob-webbed REALLY old and nasty looking gingerbread house near the doorway as you walk in that says Happy New Year 2011 and 2012.  Does that mean it was made in 2010 and left there?!  I hope the rest of their bread ain't like this...
4	I am not a huge bakery fan, but Crown Bakery is the bee's knees. It is such a welcoming little shop - the essence of cozy. The staff is friendly, the goods are tasty, and the prices are very reasonable. Upon my last visit, I asked the girl working the register to suggest her favorite. I surprised when she recommended a very plain looking paper-thin almond cookie-thingy. Yet, I went with her suggestion, and boy was it grand! If you go, make sure to get the paper-thin almond cookie-thingy - you will not be disappointed.
4	I'm a pastry addict and had heard about Crown Bakery from some friends.  So many tasty treats in such a small place.  All the pastries, cookies and buns are fabulous.  The taro donut, red bean bun and hot dog bun were very good.  Same goes for the little mini cinnamon rolls and coffee almond cookies.  Nom nom nom!!!!
3	I came here looking for egg custard tarts at 10:30pm, not realizing that this was a Korean bakery. After learning that they did not have any egg tarts, I settled on one of the custard filled doughnuts by the register. Since the other Chinese bakeries on Spring Mtn were already closed, this was as good as I could find.Already wrapped in cellophane, it was covered in a crunchy crumb on the outside. I took it home and gave it a try, only to find that it tasted old. I know that anything fried looses points for deliciousness the longer it's been away from the oil- but it was worse than that. The crumbs on the outside were soaked in grease and the grease tasted old. It definitely needed a change. The custard, however, was delicious and the dough itself was delightfully yeasty.Three stars because I've had items from this bakery before, and their hot dog buns and mochi are decent, plus the late hours are nice when you need something sweet.
3	The baked treats are pretty good, and the place itself is small and cozy. It's a nice place to eat some pastries, drink some tea, and chat with a friend. Nothing special, but I'm glad I'd been here at least once!
4	This is such a sweet place (yes, pun intended)!  It is so pretty and warm inside, it just really draws you in. There are tons of selections, from the mundane to the exotic, all very reasonably priced. I only got one thing- the custard bun- but it was really yummy. Picture a huge Hawaiian Sweet Roll stuffed with delicious custard filling.  And for only $1.50, I was quite happy.Next time that I'm in Chinatown, I'll be back to try more!
4	Love this cute, quaint bakery! The setting is very warm and inviting with a large selections of different kinds of sweets. We got the tiramisu cake to share amongst 5 people right there at the bakery. The lady was very sweet and helpful.
5	Well today I discovered how freaking good their donuts are! Im not much of a donut person but the Taro custard filled donuts caught my eye and I had to give it a try.  The donuts taste reminds me of Friendly donuts, but BETTER tasting. Deep fried, lightly crispy on the outside and slightly eggy and moist plus the filling Taro custard. Oh so good.  Also the shave ice they make here is my favorite. Pat Bing Soo sp? or  PatBingSu? It's shave ice dessert Korean style!  I like it better because they use fresh fruit as opposed to the jarred fruit used for Filipino Halo Halo.  Today I got the Green Tea Shave ice. Matcha Green Tea powder and Green Tea ice cream, red beans, fresh fruit and  sweet condensed milk topped the shaved ice. So good!The employees are always super nice. Mr. B had a question about one of the pastries and she threw in a complimentary  package of the custard donuts for him to try. Aww thank you! We always leave here happy customers.
4	I love this bakery I bought my daughter's birthday cake here several years back and now that she is turning 21 she wants the same cake,  They are so nice here and was made the cake exactly how I wanted.  The taste was excellent, I felt like I was on cloud nine then I realized ,,, oh crap there going a 100 sit0ups for me lol.  They are reasonably priced and the products are really tasty.If your in the mood for something sweet but not over the top sweet come check this place out you will not be disappointed.Happy Yelping xoxoxo from your fellow yelpie   Terri xoxoxox
3	What I really like is that this place is open until 11:30pm.  I came in craving bread.  I bought the cream cheese roll.  It has a custard like cream cheese filling inside and a swirl of it on top. It was soft and sweet.  I also ordered a hot chocolate, she made it with a packet of powder and a generous amount of Hershey's syrup.  I hate Hershey syrup. Next time I would rather get a brewed coffee.
3	I stopped here on the way home to pick up some sweets to have that night and to put some in the freezer to have another day.Fort such a little shop, there were so many different things from which to choose.  I walked from table to table looking at the cakes, breads, and pastures and reading the names on them.  Some were missing names.In the long run, I got a small bag of 3 French style macarons, a slice of chocolate cake, and a small bag of mini cinnamon rolls.  The macarons were OK but the filling was definitely not French.  It was a cream like filling.  Regardless, they were good.  My wife had the cake slice and liked it.  The best of the three items was the package of cinnamon rolls.  They're very good!Parking here is awful.  After getting into the lot, I found no spaces available and a number of cars circling the lot waiting for an open spot.  I almost drove out and away.  Instead, I went to the Chinatown Mall and parked right next to Spring Mountain Road away from the businesses in the Mall.I'm not sure I'd stop in again.  There's nothing special for me to bring me in.
4	I came in the other night after having left ichiza. I wanted something sweet and I was about to go get boba but instead I gave this place a try. I only had their chocolate cake. It was really delicious! It was sweet and flavorful without being too sweet and didn't have too much icing like some places! Definitely going back
5	Awesome shop!Great shaved ice, awesome cake, and breads.I tried their strawberry shaved ice, very good!Tried the Fried mochi, fruit cake, macaroons.All their products are delicious.
4	Good korean bakery! Tried their cake, was good.  And bought bunch of cake and bakery goods! Wish they have a store like this in mn.
5	Loved how cute this place is!!!!  Not too many seating areas but so darn adorable.  Perfect for crowds of two. We came here on a Saturday around noonish.  I had the sweet potato cake....I was expecting the southern sweet potato but I don't think it was yam or southern sweet potato. The flavor was not as intense but I really enjoyed it.  Frosting wasn't too sweet and it had crumbles of pistachio and ...maybe cookie crumb on top?  I also really loved the green tea macarons. OMG, they were amazing.  I've never bought macarons from a bakery before (I've only baked them myself with average results). But my BFF has had them at other bakeries and she said they are amazing here.  I also tried the taro bun (it was okay) and the mini fried mocha balls (I wouldn't repurchase).  If you eat your items there, they put them on a cute metal tray with cute little forks.
3	My Korean wife said it best:"If you're looking for a good Korean Bakery, go to Los Angeles".This place is next door to Ichiza, and probably survives because they get people leaving from Ichiza and Korean Garden Barbeque. In the three years we've been "stopping by" we noted that the service is less than friendly, if you don't speak Korean. My wife says the coffee drinks are just so-so. I do have to say the cookies are good, and they do make a decent bread. However, on a day trip to Los Angeles, my wife took me to a Korean Bakery, and there was no comparrison. Your options for a good Korean bakery are limited in Las Vegas. This is about as good as you will find.
4	I just love the butter bread here. I always stop by to get a loaf or two. The coffee is always good and hot and they have a little station with coffee mate creamers. comfort couches are available to sit and. small chairs around the shop to chill. There is a good selection of pastries and baked goods made daily. But the butter rolls are the best I ever had. Prices are very good for baked fresh products and they are open late.
3	Service: 5/5Cakes: 2/5Pastry breads: 3/5Value: 3/5The best thing about this place is that they close late 11:30pm, but here's the catch...if you come late, let's say 10:30pm, the selection looks pretty sad and like it's been sitting there for who knows how long. We came here due to the sheer fact that they had good reviews. My boyfriend wanted to get me a last minute birthday cake by midnight. Their selection of cakes were pretty, but the size and flavor selection were slim. There were about 8 cakes total - 3 small and 5 large. Between the chocolate mousse, tiramisu, sweet potato, mango mousse, and some other non-memorable flavor- we went with the mango mousse.The girl was friendly and offered us complimentary candles and also wrote me happy birthday on a small piece of chocolate to place on-top of the cake. We also grabbed a few pastry breads to try: coconut cream, taro donut(complimentary), mochi red bean bread (about $1 - $1.50)The coconut bread was good and the cream filling was not overly sweet and my boyfriend loved the taro donut. But honestly, I really didn't feel that the breads were fresh. The mochi red bean didn't hold well overnight and was rock hard the next day. Anything with cream or dairy, dries out and gets questionable when they stay out all day. Granted we came in late, it just wasn't fresh enough for my standards. I've been spoiled with 85 degree bakery ;(The small cake (about $18-20/ feeds about 4). It wasn't terrible, but it also wasn't great. It was bland! I didn't think a cake could be bland. It wasn't sweet at all which was unfortunate for a cake, the mango flavor was faint, and the glazed berries on top of the cake were extremely sour to the point that they were inedible. The highlight of this mango mousse cake was that it was pretty to look at and it was light and airy, as mousse should be. The regrettable part of my birthday cake is that we only took one slice but we both didn't want to eat the rest. So it's pretty little self is just sitting in our fridge right now - the graveyard for inedible cakes. Although I'm not confidant in their cakes, I would be curious to come in earlier in the day when fresh goods are available and try their other bakery items.
3	Ok for a Korean bakery.  Cake with fruits was ok. Shaved ice was refreshing though.  Wish there was a better asian bakery in las vegas.
5	Love this place. The ingredients are so simple and fresh, everything is clearly marked and looks delicious.The butter cream buns, honey bread, cream cheese buns, macaroons, mochi buns, re white and green bean pastries...I could go on about all the things I've tried. Not everything in the store yet, but I plan to make that my goal. :) Everything is amazing, nothing has disappointed me yet.If you want great pastries with a natural, not-to-sugary taste to them, this is the place to go. I only hope they offer more things in chocolate in the future.They also sell coffee and some blended drinks here.
3	I've visited here twice so far and I love the fried mochi! I had also tried the honey cake and a mochi bun. The Honey cake was alright but the mochi bread was not. The mochi inside the bread had a plastic like consistency which put me off. I haven't tried many of the other pastries just yet, but as long as there's fried mochi I'll keep come around to try whatever else looks delicious.
4	I reserved two cakes for my brothers impromptu vegas wedding. was awesome. they helped n catered to our requests and semi last mibute accmmodations. very helpful and the cake was pretty good  too.
3	Super cute bakery with plenty of pastry and dessert selection, coffee and boba drinks, and even some seating- space looks small from the outside but is really quite spacious.Almond cookies are legit, macarons are just okay (but they have several flavors), chocolate almond cake is flavorful, and the almond tarts are the closest  moderately-healthy alternative to pecan pie. I'm on a baked-goods-with-nuts kick, can you tell?Friendly staff, open late, but irked that they have a $10 card minimum- I never carry cash, and should not be eating $10 worth of baked goods. Ever.
4	I'm seeing STARS after having the coconut custard donut here.  Once you sit in one of their comfy plump chairs or the bench you will not want to leave.  There's free wifi and the baked goods are endless.  All made on the premises.  This little lovely cafe in a mini mall in Chinatown is perfect for studying, doing work, chatting with friends, or just simply relaxing. They just need to improve on the music selection.  Keep it all Japanese pop music.  It's quirky, and comfy at the same time.  Lastly, bring cash.
5	Love this place, all bakeries are so yummy and fresh. The store is so clean with beautiful decoration. The staff is so nice and friendly so it's a Plus. Yummy Yummy Yummy !!
5	I absolutely love this place. My favorite bakery !! Love the cream cheese buns and the coffee buns. It's so cute and comfy here. I come often to do homework. I love the Korean language spoken around me and the music.
4	II feel compelled to write a review for this place because I always tend to crave their pastries after work. I appreciate that they close at 1130p. Located in Chinatown above Tea Station and next to Ichiza. Personally, I always get the almond cookie crisps, the chocolate/green tea/ or pistachio almond cookies, the honey cake, and their cream puffs. Their best item hands down, has got to be the almond cookie crisps. Don't pass on it. Prices are from $2.50 and up. Tried a latte from here once and it was alright. Also tried their mochi bread which was too heavy for my liking and their macarons. Macarons were meh. Place is "cute." Very Korean drama like. It is small but it has a cozy feel. I've seen people with laptops get some work done here. Overall, pretty solid bakery in Chinatown LV. The only one I frequent to while in the area.Tip: park next door near Harbor Palace when busy. It's less of a hassle.
4	What a cute little bakery! It's on the second floor of the shopping center, right above tea station. I think the owners are korean but I'm not too sure. I felt like a kid in the candy store and bought about 20$ worth of cakes. They have everything from green tea cake to green tea macaroons. I got some chocolate almond Biscotti's, which were my favorite. My boyfriend got a cinnamon twist thing which was delicious as well. I saw on the corner of my eye they do cake orders as well. I'm so glad I found this place, it would be a great place to have some tea with a macaroon.
5	This center has so any nice surprises. . Upstairs a delightful coffee shop and bakery. . Tiramisu was light and lovely. . Cappuccino done correctly. .  Easy space to sit and work. . Quiet. . Very clean. . This will. Be my new office away from the office.
4	This is a small bakery located in the Asian District of Las Vegas.  There was a lot of selection and the items looked fresh.  Service was excellent.  I would have to say that this place puts places like 85 to shame.
5	This is THE bakery to come for cakes!! My family's favorite spot for cakes. Their other baked goods are really good too. Their almond cracker/cookies are so yummy! Goes great with coffee or tea. I really wish they changed the decor and seating though.
5	Very good desserts and reasonably priced!
