5	Always on top of their game Olive Garden never disappoints. The food is excellent, the servers are friendly and very efficient. The place is always packed. We went to the S. Decatur location 1st but they had an hour wait so we thought we'd try the summerlin location instead and guess what? They had an hour wait too. But really it was 15 minutes and they were seating us. FREE wine samples, great salad and fresh out of the oven bread sticks with tangy marinara. The traditional dishes of spaghetti, chicken Parmesan, Alfredo and lasagna are always a home run. But the new stuff is great too. The steak was very tender and well-seasoned with balsamic and the pasta was very good & cheesy with small chunks of Gorgonzola throughout.. The NEW Flat bread appetizers looked Delicious.
1	Gross. Go support a real Italian restaurant.
4	Olive Garden has got to be one of the most successful restaurant chains ever. Never drive past without seeing a bumping parking lot. Came for dinner with the BF and the in laws: mom and grandma. We were seated right away since we came early and our server quickly got our drinks and came back with drinks promptly and to see if we are ready to order. He promptly came back with breadsticks, salad, Alfredo dip for the bread and put our different dressing choices on the side. Mom and gma shared a chicken crespelle. It's their seasonal dish which is baked crepe stuffed with cheese, chicken tenderloin pieces, mushroom, tomatoes and garlic cream sauce. They liked theirs.The BF and I shared two dishes: Tour of Italy which is a trio of alfredo, lasagna and chicken parmagiana and a braised beef tortolloni which also had portobello mushrooms and a marsala basil sauce. The tour of Italy is A- OK. There is a depth missing and I'm critical because I cook all the classics at home from scratch with love. I wouldn't order it again. Tortolloni was not bad. The stuffing was okay, beef was soft and the sauce had nice flavorings in it. It seems to me that they are better at the original kind of creations than they are in the very simple traditional dishes that any home cook can tell you they make better. At least "new" creations I don't have anything to compare it to in my turf of cooking whereas I can vouch for my lasagna having some serious ooomph and depth to the meat sauce. Only dish I like from them is the steak gorgonzola which has fettuccine in garlic sauce with spinach. I don't ever suggest to come here, but if someone does, I know I have something I can count on as enjoyable. If you're looking for down home Italian cooking, this isn't it. I still do not get the draw of the crowd to this place in the volume it does, but I can conclude there is a variety for everyone. I suppose thats why as a kid when distant relatives came to visit or wanted to meet up, we usually ended up here. Why 4 stars if the food is more of a 3 or even 2? The service was excellent. Our server never let a drink go empty- he would be on it before you took the last sip. He checked on us often, cleared plates and cups efficiently and brought our bill to us promptly. He split mom and grandmas dish without being asked to. Also had no issues about different food requests like how everyone wants different dressing, different amounts of cheese people wanted (he made us a plate of grated cheese), different drinks people wanted throughout the meal, etc.  Very friendly and attentive service that should be the standard for everyone. If everyone had that kind of service, well then I'd have a lot less to write about.
3	Kelsey my server was the best server I had in years. I come here because my kids like this place it's kind of like Italian fast food or something. bread sticks, salad and soup was good. The dinners was good for pre-made tv dinner type Italian food. But it's no mama's kitchen
5	Greeted at the door, Scott was our server. He was very simple and genuine. Took care of our order to the tee and checked up on us on every perfect time. Had a little conversation to make it a little extra special. Left a card in bill sayin happy birthday
1	So last night it was my daughters birthday.  Me..."Where do want to go for dinner?" daughter..."OLIVE GARDEN."   I smiled and said "great."  OOOF - of all the places in Vegas.  I typically do not frequent corporate run restaurants -  but this was about the kid today.So it is busy with people who have little appreciation for Italian food and lacking any sense of adventure.  We got a table after about a 5 minute wait.  The waiter was very friendly - but along with tips I think these people are paid on commission, too.The suggestive selling and everything is understandable but at this place the upsells are obnoxious.  The waiter brings the bottle of wine and he must have asked us for dessert 10 times.  Do you want alfredo sauce with the bread sticks? Is it free?  No. Then No.  (it used to be).  Then as he is taking our drink order he asks if we are ready to order.  C'mon guy let us sit down and relax a second ---- geeeez.   We are not cattle here.  Then the salad.  They actually put one olive in the salad for each person at the table...oooo generous.  I can go to subway and get2 handfulls of olives if I want!  I think they are counting the croutons too!So the Food - well it is the Olive Garden, so I ordered the lasagna.  This is not a meat lasagna BTW - it is a cheese lasagne with meat sauce on top and the meat in the sauce is scant.  It was perfectly flat - was this thing made at a factory somewhere else?  It was a birthday dinner so I smiled and ate half of the $14 pile of of of of of ....The food is just so lackluster.  The corporate influence is just too much.  I avoid this place at all costs, I hope my daughter appreciates the sacrifice I made last night... greater than any gift!
3	Well seems last nite everyone came out of hibernation. This place was packed. Largest crowd I've ever seen. They have made steady improvement over the last year or so. Tonite was a really great experience. They said wait time was 45-50min, actually got seated in 35 min! Our waiter OUTSTANDING!!! Great personality didn't try to sell me. Simple order salad and calamari (eating light). Beverage, bread sticks arrived in 3 min, Salad thereafter. Standard salad bowl. Everything was fresh. Server brought some olive oil and balsamic vinegar for the break stick's first!! Calamari arrived, hot and crispy. It was perfect!! Watching table service at other tables, tonite this restaurant on its game on I was actually impressed, as opposed to other times we've been there....going out on a limb here...Given what I saw tonite I'd definitely come back. Hopefully this was not a one nite stand so to speak. Enjoy!!!
2	So we got a Olive Garden giftcard...from my mom to my in laws *sigh* I told her to pick Famous Daves, but Olive Garden was on her way home and the post office to mail it. *deeper sigh*The BF, Mom and grandma in law and a friend of mine headed to dinner.I had the steak gorgonzola which is alright and my go-to when I've been made to go here. BF got the pork milanese, lasagna for mom, spaghetti and meatballs for grandma and pomodoro for my friend. We got zepolis to finish up here and they were just alright...can get them better elsewhere.Service is always decent here and I can appreciate that (though a few are upsellers).Here's the deal- I will not say yes if the in laws suggest to come here in the future.  I got a massive migraine,  the food wasn't sitting well and I was hella thirsty. I know their food isn't healthy, but I think they've upped the sodium levels because I never felt this crappy before with that dish. Something I should have said a long time ago-No, no, no!
1	I was forced to dine here since my in-laws were in town and chose this lovely *eyes rolling* establishment for dinner. How does this place stay in business?? Seriously? The average patron in the waiting area reminded me of those 'People of Walmart' emails I get occasionally. The staff wasn't much better, walking around without a smile to be seen. I could not find one staff member that didn't have a frown on their face. We were told a 20 minute wait for a party of 6 and must have sat there for 30 minutes until being called. Our waiter, when he decided to grace us with his presence, tried to take our drink order by memory until he realized it was too much to remember and went scurrying for a pen and paper. I didn't catch his name, but he was short, bald and had a blond goatee. The whole meal was a complete catastrophe. Where do I begin? The $24 "pitcher" of sangria that was the size of a big gulp and so filled with ice it could barely fill 3 glasses? The 30 minute wait for effin bread sticks and salad? The hour long wait for our entrees when 4 of us ordered the fettuccine Alfredo? The hour long wait to get our check? Our waiter should have been named Houdini because he pulled off quite the disappearing act. In the end we had been there for 3 hours on a Thursday night, and let's face it, the food is below par at best. This experience just reaffirmed my belief that some chain restaurants are busy for reasons beyond my belief. This one might have been less busy if it didn't take 3 hours to turn over one table.
3	I do not really consider this Italian for starters so don't get me wrong with this review. And for the record I try and avoid master chain restaurants.I do enjoy frequenting Olive Garden for their Soup and Salad and that is about it...oh and their salad dressing, I buy bottles and take them home.As for the rest of the food I really don't eat it. I have tried alot of it and yes it was ok but it was "generic" if you know what I mean, good food should taste like someone really wanted to make it.So for other than soup and salad not my spot for "real" Italian food.
2	Food is always great I love going there during lunch. But just make sure you dint get Anthony as a waiter he is rude bring you the wrong food plate and tell you "oh you ain't adventurist why didn't you eat it. " He didn't gives us a copy of receipt and was mad because of no tip!
1	Food is always great I love going there during lunch. But just make sure you dint get Anthony as a waiter he is rude bring you the wrong food plate and tell you "oh you ain't adventurist why didn't you eat it. " He didn't gives us a copy of receipt and was mad because of no tip!
3	Try the new ravioli appetizer. AMAZING!Soup and salad are the standards for my family. We all love the salad and bread sticks, although I must say the breadsticks are not as good as they used to be. Not sure what's changed but OG is going downhill. Too loud, too crowded and becoming overpriced! I still enjoy lunch or just the soup, salad and breadsticks. But ordering a full meal requires way more time than I usually have for dinner out with the kids. Their dessert is still wonderful and as stated at the beginning the new ravioli appetizer was amazing. The food is still ok, again not authentic Italian (I've been there) but better than some of the "fast food" Italian places I've been. The noise level in here is just way too high especially at peak times and the service is atrociously slow!
4	The 5th star that I didn't give is for the long waits!! About 2 years ago my husband started coming to this location.. We had a waiter named kevin and we have asked for him every time we eat at OG which is weekly. He is very attentive to any issues or needs. Now we don't eat here if he's not working... Go in and request his section , you'll b glad u did!!!!
3	Im usually a big fan of the OG but lately has lost a little bit of its luster. The last few times I have ventured in it has been Ridiculously loud.. Louder than the average restaurant should be.. Ive become accustomed enough that I either pick and choose specific times to avoid the crowds or have meditated long enough to tolerate the noise level.. This last time I had a waiter who seemed to have left her customer service skills at home.. I had to ask for drink refills (my personal pet peeve) she was stingy with the breadsticks and would bring out straws silverware and dipping sauce in what I would consider a timely manner. Im not sure how much of it was her or how much was me but either way I was impressed. But, its OG, so i'll be back.. !
5	Cant usually go wrong with olive garden had Leanna as my waitress, great service and great food she was on top of everything
1	Olive Garden, ( or The OG as the nimrods call it) the food is a slap in the face to true Italians and foodies alike.  There are far better places in Las Vegas for traditional Italian food, you have to look outside the box and a chain restaurant is hardly the place to find great food. Olive Garden is just the Italian Denny's.  Try Roma Deli or Nora's Italian Cuisine for a true taste delight.
3	Olive Garden gets a solid three stars from me cause they are nothing if not consistent. I am usually never disappointed in the food. For someone as picky as myself they actually have quite a few dishes that meet my favorites criteria. Starch. Check. Meat. Check. Cheese. Check. What's not to like?Admittedly it's a rather mundane restaurant chain but it delivers on what I need it to - enjoyable meals with my mom. Their calamari is crunchy, the toasted ravioli appropriately fun finger food, and the soup is surprising.  Why? Because my number one soup there is minestrone. And it's vegetarian and I am not. Not in the slightest. But there is something about dunking those warm breadsticks into that tomatoey broth that makes me slurp it up with abandon. Of course they have all the classics, and my favorite is chicken fettucine alfredo. Big white sauce fan (it's cheese!) Sometimes the pasta is a bit over cooked, but I am not expecting Mario Batali-like exactness from a chain restaurant.I don't think I have ever had a bad experience at this Olive Garden. Mostly long waits on F/S nights. Our servers to date have all been pleasant and enthusiastic. Also nice that they are enthusiastic about having us "taste" the proffered wine ... several times.
3	Wait and wait and wait and.... wait some more?My boyfriend and I went to this Olive Garden this past weekend on Friday night. I had just worked a long shift outside and I was hankering for their bread sticks. The craving just hit me and I could have nothing else.Of course, on a Friday night the place was packed, especially with a lot of families. We asked how long the wait was and we were informed it would be 30 minutes. Typical, so we went outside and waited. Luckily, I don't believe we waited much more than 30 minutes until we were seated.The place was really loud, but what can you expect? Tons of families and it's Olive Garden, so I guess you just get over it. I decided to get their dish that is featured on the menu: Stuffed Rigatoni with Grilled Chicken. My boyfriend opted for the Chicken Ceaser Salad. Of course, my meal came with the huge salad and bread sticks. The salad was on par with what you normally get. The bread sticks always came out yummy and buttery and slightly salty. I don't know what they do to them, but they're so good!Next - the meals were okay, nothing spectacular. The chicken was disappointing, obviously Olive Garden gets their chicken strips out of frozen bags. The pasta was pretty good and the white sauce, well I can't complain about it. Boyfriend said his salad was pretty good. What I don't get is Olive Garden's prices - they seem a bit high to me. I mean, I realize it's "Italian" (ha ha), but it's Olive Garden... I shouldn't have to pay $13.95 for mediocre lasagna. What was the worst part of the experience was the waiting for our food and waters to arrive. The service was so slow my boyfriend and I commented on it several times. That's when you know your service is bad - you notice it. Yes, they were busy and yes, it was Saturday night, but still, I gotta say the service was rather mediocre.All in all, Olive Garden is still as mediocre as it ever was. I don't think I'll be returning for dinner on a Friday night any time soon. Probably gonna stick to lunch and their unlimited salad, soup, bread sticks promo.
2	This is solely a review on the service at this location which was terrible. We were planning on seeing a movie after our dining experience and missed the beginning of our movie because of the lack of service. I literally had to walk over to the service bar and pick up my drink which I visibly saw had been sitting for over 15 minutes after it had been made because our server was nowhere to be found! The food was good as usual but had to wait ridiculously long for our server to process our bill and serve drinks, oh wait.. I had to get my own drinks. I recommend you visit the charleston location (4 stars) if you value service or simply don't appreciate being ignored. I live nearby this location but travel 3 times as far just to get good service.
4	First time ever at Olive Garden.  I have seen the poor reviews.  Service was good, place was clean and I actually enjoyed my shrimp & crab pasta thing.  I thought $50 was a little much for 2 people to eat with only having water to drink.  Drives me nuts to pay good money for pasta you can buy for .88 cents.
3	I came here with Donald G. one afternoon for a couple appetizers. There was no wait, so we were seated in a booth right away. We ordered Calamari ($9.95), salad ($6.35), and Spinach Artichoke dip ($8.95). We kept waiting for our bread sticks to come, but they never did. The waitress brought out our appetizers and said, "Is there anything else I can bring for you guys?" We both responded, "Yes, we've been waiting for the bread sticks." She said she'd have someone bring them to us in a minute (times10). If I didn't love Olive Garden's bread sticks so much, it wouldn't have been a big deal, but I was seriously craving them. Alas, they finally came and I had to double fist them so I could catch up on wasted time. The Calamari kind of looked like pork rinds and they were pretty crunchy (not crisp), so I didn't favor them much. They also came with a parmesan-peppercorn sauce, which was a little too cheesy for our liking, so we just stuck to the marinara. The spinach artichoke dip was probably my favorite of the appetizers, especially when eaten with the soft bread sticks as opposed to the crunchy Tuscan bread it came with. The salad, as you may know, comes with unlimited refills, so it's always a great value.*Tips-Don't let them shaft you on their little bread stick dipping sauce scheme. They make it sound as if it's free, but it's really $3.75 per sauce!
4	We were here for our typical Friday night dinner outting. We arrived at 5pm and still had a 30 minute wait. Not too surprised. It was very busy, but we were seated in about 25 minutes. I had the steak gorgonzola fettuccine. The steak tasted funny and as removed from my plate. Now the pasta on the other hand was WONDERFUL!! It had sun dried tomatoes, spinach, and a delicious gorgonzola sauce. I could of eaten that for the whole meal. Our waiter was very attentive and noticed that I had taken the steak off my plate. He asked if there was a problem and I told him the steak tasted bland and just wasn't really good. He immediately had the manager to the table and he was anxious to replace it with chicken, shrimp,or to recook another steak. I opted for the shrimp and I had hot fresh grilled shrimp to the table in about 4 minutes. I have always been a fan of the OG, and the great food and super service will guarantee my return.
4	I've been to this location twice with my honey and I have no complaints. On our second visit I ordered the chicken gnocchi soup as usual however this bowl was lacking the dumplings (main reason for ordering) my husband informed the waiter and they came right out with another bowl full of dumplings! & it was Sooo good. There prices are great for the amount of food you get, we always need take home bags!
5	Have to love the salad and breadsticks. Was told 15 min wait and was sat in less than 5. Great place to eat!
1	My BF & I stopped in for dinner one night with our cousins.We were seated immediatly, & greeted by our server. He offered us each, a glass of moscatto to sample & took our orders. Though the service was great, the food most definatly needed some work.  My dish as well as my cousins dishes were okay, but my bfs dish Didnt come out so well...He took a couplr bites of his seafood pasta and ended up cutting his gums with a sharp piece of shell that broke a mussel. His mouth bled for a while. Meanwhile, the server came to check on us & noticed something was wrong, once he found out he called over his manager, she appologized, gave us her business card/info & said to call if we ever needed anything....
2	I've eaten at this restaurant twice, The second time being just as bad as the first. Ive experienced better service at Chevron buying a coke.
4	If you want authentic Italian, this is probably not the place to eat.  However, they make the best salad, have great breadsticks and the chicken gnocchi soup is so good my seven year old dips her breadsticks in it.  For under $10.00 you can get unlimited soup and salad.  They will usually bring the adults a free taste of the wine of the day which is a nice touch.  They keep adding menu items and seem to be hitting some good ones.  The kids menu is excellent and even has shrimp as a choice for the pasta usually resulting in my daughter ordering spaghetti with butter and garlic and shrimp.  Did I mention we really like the chicken gnocci soup?  The appetizers are good, we like the sampler.  The stuffed mushrooms aren't very good but the lasagna fritta, toasted ravioli and the flatbread pizzas are favorites.  Their latest Tuscan specials are excellent.Prices are not too extravagant.  Some main dishes you might like are the steak gorgonzola alfredo, parmesan crusted tilapia, Apricot Chicken and on the low carb end of things, mixed grill (no pasta, just good old fashioned protein!).  You can also order gluten free and whole wheat pasta. (be careful, the gluten free pasta is cooked in the same kitchen as the regular food so they can't "guarantee" it is completely gluten free.Sometimes they offer the never ending pasta bowl as well and you can get pasta with your choice of sauce until they have to wheel you out of there in a wheelbarrow.  Needless to say, Olive Garden is good quality comfort food at reasonable prices and should be on every family's rotation.Oh it does get crowded on Fridays and Saturdays where you can wait about 30 minutes.
4	We ended up going here for date night because of their new 2 for 25.00 special. I was pleasantly surprised with the entire meal, we got a double order of bruschetta, all u can eat breadsticks and salad and I was full before we got the entrees! He got the eggplant parm and I got the five cheese ziti. Both meals were absolutely delish and we could barely walk out of there we were so stuffed. They were super busy so the overall service wasn't that great but the food made up for it. I would definitely go here again to take advantage of that special. Its a LOT of food for only 25.00, you just cant go wrong.
3	I primarily go to the Olive Garden for the bread sticks, soups, salads, wine and on occasion the never ending pasta bowl when they have it. Everything else they offer is okay and can be gotten in the frozen food aisle in the store with a better taste. The lines are extremely long when we go with a 30 to 45 minute wait and this is even worse when the temperature outside is over 90 degrees. The value for your money is okay, but could be a little better.
5	I have been going to this Olive Garden for years. I never have a bad experience. The parking lot can be scary at first because it is usually packed and you might think that it will take forever to get a spot inside but they know how to keep things moving along. We went on a Sunday night around Dinner time and only waited 5 minutes. Sometimes it does take a bit longer but when people know good food they flock to it!We started out with salad which I honestly can never get enough of! They were having the "Never Ending Pasta Bowl" on this visit. I chose "Angel Hair with 5 Cheese Marinara" and the sauce was just delicious!  I think I found my new favorite sauce :) It's not authentic Italian food, but there's just something about it. I usually rate 4 stars for OG, but this location just always goes above and beyond anything I'd ever expect from an Olive Garden!Our server was excellent. He was always checking on us and never let the bread basket go empty for long. When it came time to pay for our bill we each had pasta left and he brought us more sauce to put on top and even put a couple sausage links on top and then packed it to go for us along with some bread sticks. I left full and fulfilled!
2	We were too tired to cook, and didn't want fast food. My wife suggested Olive Garden.  Sounded good at the time. Ordered simple. Spaghetti with meat sauce and meatballs. Knowing the amount of sauce given for the amount of noodles, I asked for extra, extra, extra, sauce. I even stated I would pay for it! Well I got extra sauce, a very small amount that barely covered a meatball. SMFH. Standard salad. Breadsticks. I do t remember what my wife ordered, but she wasn't too thrilled with hers either. When the best part of the meal is the salad dressing, you got problems. As it seems with all corporate owned restaurants lately, quality and taste has gone down hill.
4	The breadsticks were soft & warm with the right amount of garlic & salt, the salad was ok- they only gave me one pepperocini : ( and the tomatoes were a bit soggy, the zuppa toscana had a nice flavor, & my fried eggplant was decent. My cousin took a culinary class in Italy and she learned how to saute eggplant & wrap it around mozzarella cheese & cover it with sauce to make eggplant parmigiana. The flavor of the eggplant is much more pronounced this way- Olive Garden's taste is good, but all I could taste was the batter, I felt the thinly sliced eggplant inside, but there was no eggplant taste. The service was excellent, even though I wanted some more of the chocolate mints in the end *waaawaaa. I hadn't been to Olive Garden in a few years and I thought the prices had risen drastically for all of the entrees ($13 & up) and the rest of the menu- I didn't factor this into my rating, but for me its reason enough to wait another couple of years to go back or find somewhere else.
1	My BF & I stopped in for dinner one nite with our cousins.We were seated immediatly, & greeted by our server. He offered us each, a glass of moscatto to sample & took our orders. Though the service was great, the food most definatly needed some work.  My dish as well as my cousins dishes were okay, but my Bfs dish didnt come out so well...He took a couple bites of his seafood pasta and ended up cutting his gums with a sharp piece of shell that broke off a mussel. His mouth bled for a while. Meanwhile, the server came to check on us & noticed something was wrong, once he found out he called over his manager, she appologized, gave us her business card/info & said to call if we ever needed anything....
4	Food is great always having specials & always giving a nice smile to all guest but it seems that the servers make it seem they don't have time to be at your table the whole time. They also give you that look as if they are telling you to hurry up so that they can continue with there day.
4	Whenever I go here there is a wait.  Granted, one time was for the Veteran's Day offer.  The service can be rather slow at times but I like the food so I am not too bothered by it.  My waiters/waitresses are always friendly and I like the wine tasting they offer when you are first greeted.  I have never had to wait too long for the food and I have yet to have a bad experience.  My only complaint is they don't really offer a second basket of bread sticks once you finish the first....not that i need them! but isnt it unlimited?  My favorite soup is the chicken gnocchi (sp) and the salad is always delcious.
4	Love the pasta e fagoil (sp?) I normally order the chicken alfredo, i love it fresh, not the best when reheating. This area serves more on your plate compared to the one on Maryland and Flamingo, that one reminds you that we are in a recession. Either than that, the staff has been pretty good and checking up on us. They do have a wait at times, and their estimates on waiting are pretty spot on.
4	They say at Olive Garden you are treated like family. I guess that could be good depending on your family. All kidding aside, I had a pretty good experience at this Olive Garden recently. There was about a 20 minute wait and the lobby was packed. But there was a free wine sampling table to keep the 21+ set occupied until seated. My waiter was insanely attentive. He took time to explain the menu and how the whole soup/salad option worked. This was not entirely necessary since I am no stranger to the Garden. Regardless, he was good at his job and very friendly. It made for a welcoming environment. The food was spot on too. I ordered a new stuffed chicken dish. Stuffed Chicken Florentine with alfredo sauce, spinach and sun dried tomatoes. I had a choice of side rather than getting the standard pasta though that was an available option. Instead, I got butternut squash with a sweet wine glaze. A few pieces were not cooked quite enough for my liking but it was still incredible. A bowl of soup, a couple of bread sticks and a glass of iced tea and I was set.
1	We were at the Olive Garden just off of 95 and Cheyenne in Las Vegas about 3 weeks ago for dinner.  We have only had good experiences.  Its not always the good experiences that get written about.  We had a short wait in the lobby and then brought to our table.  We started off with the appetizers and we normally order the appetizer trio. and we picked the stuffed mushrooms, calimari, and cheese sticks.  We like to take our time so we always tell the waitress to take her time with bringing out the food so we dont get the apps, lettuce or soup and and entrees 2 minutes apart,  we like to enjoy.  Well the soups and drinks came out  with no breadsticks and had to ask for the breadsticks again before we couple take our 4th spoonful the apps were at the table and stilll not breadsticks.  We asked again and finally got them.  when the apps came, the protion size was smaller the usual.  Less then a handful or calimari, 5 stuffed mushrooms when there was 6 and the cheese sticks.  I made a comment when the waitress was there and she said nothing as if ignoring what i said.  I told the waitess to hold the main course until she saw that we were almost done with the apps.  Telling her this was like talking to a wall.  Within 5 minutes the main course was brought out and we were not even done with them.  To top it all off, I ordered Chicken parm and you would normally get 2 nice size pieces with a crunchy breading.  I was very dissapointed and I did call the company that owns them to tell them.  They sent a small gift card and asked that I call the next time we came in.  i did forget the mention that when they would put down a plate it was like they were intentionally banging the plates on the table.  Well we did go back and i will tell you what happened in my next review.
3	I go here often, mostly before I was Yelping.  Now that I Yelp, I find myself seeking out other Italian restaurants.  So... this location is where I go mostly and it's good.  Beware of long waits though.  I know this isn't much of a review but as far as Italian goes... there are probably better.
4	Soup service and cheep house wine... priceless
3	Sat in bar area waiting for a "10" minute wait to be seated. After more than 20 minutes decided to just eat at bar. Ordered a drink & bruschetta. Server brought bruschetta with large slices of barely toasted bread. In Cali it comes with the small toasted ciabatta bread. Asked server to change bread. A server supervisor in all blue came to assure they would bring the new bread, nice lady!  When the bread came it was pure white, barely toasted. I sent it back. Our server came to table & said had to send it back AGAIN, it was STILL not done right!  Finally, it came. So I decide to have another drink (grey goose & peach schnapps).  Well, they ran out of peach schnapps & the bar tender tried to trick me with peach brandy.......come on now!!!  I sent it back!  So here comes the restaurant manager to tell me they ran out, what would I like on the house & remove charge from other drink.  She sent bar tender to me to ask what i would like. Nice guy!  Now that's the way to make amends with the customer!  Thank you manager @ supervisor in blue. Sorry, didn't get ur names. Server we had, no thank you.
1	Poor quality, poor service... Cold, bland food.
5	Went to Olive Garden on a Saturday night and got right in which surprised me.  Friendly staff, and waitress.  Great service and food.  More of a 4 1/2 stars, but we can't rate that way.I've been going to Olive Garden restaurants for approximately 22 years across the country.  I don't recall having a bad experience.  It may not be "authentic", but I'm not in Sicily!  It's odd some bitch about having to wait 20-30 minutes to be seated some nights, yet can't write a proper sentence.  What do you expect?  If you don't want a wait go to a drive thru.  Should be a compliment to the establishment if there is a wait.
4	As always its a good place to eat.
4	We are frequent customers to the Olive Garden chain. This particular location was on their toes. For a Saturday night dinner, party of 5 we expected to wait for at least 20 minutes. Instead we were walked straight back to our table and we were immediately greeted by our waitress. Sophia was her name. She was kind, friendly and just a downright great server. Sophia was right there with hot bread, drink refills as quick as my husband and kids finished their glasses, checked on us often and was sure to let us know if we needed anything she would take care of us.The food came out and it looked incredible. Just one bite and we were all in heaven. It makes me so happy when food comes out the way you order it the first time. My family is quite picky. If you have not tried this OG location I think that you should because you will not be let down, from the front door to the table, to the check it was a very amazing visit and I am happy to share this with the world. Thank you Olive Garden for making our dinner experience priceless!!! You certainly out did yourselves. Thank you
3	Standard Olive Garden, nothing too special. I did a catered lunch from this location. The order was correct, although not ready at the appropriate time. The staff was friendly and that can make all the difference in diffusing a tense situation.
3	I called to order a take out order.  I was on hold for 4.5 minutes.   They said 30 minutes. When I showed up in the parking lot a man was just leaving and said it took them a hour to get his food  and he called in too.  He waited over an hour for his.    I waited another  15 minutes for my food. I am thankful that I did wait an hour.
5	I have two small children one which happens to be in his TERRIBLE THREES. He saw a episode of Umi Zoomi that was all about meatballs. Which of course meant I had to find a place to get him some for dinner. It had been quite sometime since I had gone to Olive Garden. Generally the food leaves something to be desired but more so is back in the BAY AREA the service was TERRIBLE. This location totally CHANGED my mind. I will be back OFTEN. Our server Crystal was friendly, helpful and spot on. Not only did she make sure our glasses were filled but she always provided a smile.However the best part of the evening was when my son dropped one of his meatballs. She made sure to send two new ones over to our table free of charge . She saw it happened and took action. She didn't take time to even ask if we wanted more because she CARED enough to recall the whole reason we were even there was for MEATBALLS.Often I get terrible service these days especially with my kids but this was one time a Restaurant Chain WON me as a customer.
5	Mmmmm Olive Garden is so delicious. I don't care if their food is frozen it's still delicious. Stuffed mushroom is my all time favorite appetizer. I wish I could have it all the time. I would be in heaven. :)This place doesn't have the fastest service but the taste of the food makes up for it all. If you are in a rush then don't come here. If you have some one to kill an don't mind the slow service then go on down. Right now they have a special where you buy a dinner and take one home for the same price. I mean come on, 2 Alfredo plates for the price of one. Who can resist that bargain?!?  I love their fettuccine Alfredo and when I'm ready for a cheat meal that's what I get. I've tried their eggplant Parmesan and other than the sauce it's delicious. Don't get me wrong, the sauce isn't bad it's just that I'm used to eating a different type of sauce
4	You know, people are funny...It's almost as if when they go to an expensive restaurant, they seem to like the food, just to rationalize the fact that they spent so much money.Conversely, when they go to a place like the Olive Garden, they don't factor in the relatively inexpensive price, and they give a bad review because they're comparing the food to a 5-star restaurant.I'll never understand it.Anyway, I have no complaints about this place.The food is fine, the service is fine, the atmosphere is fine, and the prices are right in line with the quality of food that they serve.If I liked Italian food more, and I was on a budget, I would eat there every day.
4	I really like this Olive Garden location so close to home for me.  After a very disappointing experience at a different location (see my review of the Olive Garden on Centennial), I came here and received the best service.  I was seated right away.  My drink came out right away.  My soup came out fast and hot.  The Chicken Marsala was delicious and perfectly cooked.  I ordered a dessert to go which my server comped after hearing about my woes at the other location.  I told her that was very unneccessary and I mean that most sincerely.  I would have had no issues paying for my dessert but it was nice of her to care.  This is certainly my go to OG.
4	The lunch menu is really good! We beat the Sunday church crowd so we didn't have to wait at all. Our server was great too. They have a pasta lunch special that includes soup or salad and dessert for $9.99. Great deal!
3	Food...amazing. Wine sample....amazing and this is the first time we didn't buy a bottle and there's only one reason why....Since when did Olive Garden start charging for dipping sauce for the bread sticks????I mean really?You haven't always done this, when offered, do u want dipping sauce, some Alfredo or marinara for your bread sticks When I said yes, I didn't know it was going to cost $8Sneaky sneak. Won't be going back for a long time. Not because I can't afford it. Just because it's  sleezy. Like mcdonalds charging for ranchAt least they notify people firstShould bring a whole bowl of sauce for almost $4/piece. If we are paying $40-$70  for dinner, why charge for sauce to dip bread in...the same sauce that will be served on top of our pasta. Wow Olive Garden really!
3	Today my family and I went to this location, we love Olive Garden, we love it that much that we have no problem in waiting around 30 minutes to be seated. Food is always good, the service is always ok too, but today we encountered a waitress that was less than helpful. She forgot our bread sticks, forgot my extra plate etc. But this is not why I give them a 3 this time. We got the $9.**  dinner, which includes unlimited bread sticks, soup or salad, an entree and dessert. My older sister ordered soup, my younger sister ordered salad. My younger sister asked to try some of my other sisters soup, literally just finished what my sister had left over like 3 spoon fulls. Anyways my older sister asks for another soup and the waitress rudely tells her she will charge her for the soup because she's not supposed to share!!!!!!!!!!! Wth!!???? now my sister can't taste my soup?????????????????????? I think she has company policy misunderstood because not in the 10 years we have gone to Olive Garden had this ever happened to us. And she actually charged for the soup. I just discounted it from the tip I was going to leave her. So she ended up paying for the soup she over charged. Anyways not a pleasant visit. I won't stop going though, their soup is too good but I'll make sure to ask for a different waitress
2	I have never been so disappointed with an olive garden before. So I arrive in the parking lot and the outside looks like your typical Olive Garden. Walk in side and it is very open and very rustic looking a plus the chairs are on wheels which I'm not used to but was kind of cool. As usual the wait staff is very friendly and polite. I ordered the bottomless pasta bowl I first had the three cheese marinara with penne pasta and Italian sausage. the sauce was almost non existent and I had to slice the sausage myself and the penne pasta was mushy but I decided to try something else so I got the Alfredo with penne and meatballs. The Alfredo was tasteless surprising because Alfredo is usually always good the penne that time was good but they forgot to salt it during the boiling part. The breadstick were delicious because it is pre made all the have to do is bake it. The chicken gnocchi soup taste good as soon as it cooled and the lasagna fritta didn't taste good till it was coeld. I feel sorry for the waiter cause he could tell that I was not happy, because of him I give it two stars.
5	My niece and I went in for an early dinner the other day and had the BEST service ever! Christie is an awesome server and very attentive. The food is always good here and we've always had a good experience at this location. Kudos to Christie!
5	We had the best server named Kyle M- we had a party of 7 with a baby and he was very attentive and we never had to ask for anything-- it was also a holiday weekend so i know he was busy and when i went to pay and thank him for great service he said thanks to me for being patient with him and i told him he had that backwards - what an awesome server and an great guy - We will definitely request him when we go back
4	Always a pleasure to eat at this location... customer service is always pleasant and the food is mostly great. There are times they put out  new recipes and I have to try it... it's a 50/50 chance your gonna like it, but that's anywhere. Anyways, I recommend this location. Mostly for the service, but food is really good too.
3	Very friendly environment but really slow on the service to bring check, Togo boxes and water. Other than that the food was great and the food came out in a timely manner. The bread sticks where perfectly baked and season. And they have a great deal on the entrees.
4	I live closer to the centennial location but after 4 failed visits Id rather continue my visits at this location. The service and the food is always consistent.
4	Love coming the this Olive Garden. Very friendly and courteous server and door greeter.
4	All I can say is soup, salad, and breadsticks all the way.  The food was plentiful and the service was excellent!
5	Been coming here for years and tonight was the best service I have gotten here in a long time. Our server Rome was very nice and always there when we ran low or was just checking on us to make sure we were ok.
