5	This is the busiest Cheesecake Factory in their corporation and thats because its in such a great place: its right in the middle of the Caesar's Forum Shops. It also happens to be next to a Nike Town and a Virgin Megastore. Not to mention, a really huge and cool aquarium. I like coming here after a long day of wasting money at Caesar's. Also, I think the Cajun Rib-eye is the best kept secret in the business. Why? Its better than an outback porterhouse, by far, its not too expensive, and it has a huge serving size. They marinate these behemoths for at least 24hrs and in the end you wind up with a huge, juicy, tender steak broiled not too badly. YUMM.
5	Delicious!  Try the chicken Madeira with onion rings and a salad with their awesome blue cheese dressing.
4	Like I have said before, this is a chain restaurant, the menu is the same anywhere you go, the food tastes the same, the decor is the same, the dinning experience, is not always the same.While on our vacation, our group of friends had come up with a scavenger hunt of sorts where we were supposed to do certain dares. One of these dares was to eat food off of the plate of someone you did not know. Enter: the Cheesecake Factory. One of my friends decided to take this dare on and noticed a family getting up from their meal (children included). They had left some plates of half-eaten cheesecake on their table and she saw this as her opportunity.Before the family had even left, she walked up, picked up a fork and took a big bite of their cheesecake, smiled and walked back to our table. The looks on their faces were victory enough.I'm pretty sure the rest of our meal involved specialty drinks from their bar so I can't accurately comment on the food, or really anything else that happened. ;)
4	The food here is a solid three stars.  Nothing horrible about it, nothing great.  It's a standard menu with standard food that's a little overpriced for what you get.But who really goes to a place called The Cheesecake Factory for their entrees?  They really do know how to make a good cheesecake, although you'll probably only need about half a slice.  Their filling is thick while still remaining creamy and full of flavor and the selection is astounding (the tiramisu cheesecake is my personal favorite).  I'm a huge cheesecake fan and I can dig theirs.  I still think my homemade ones are better, but you can't win them all.  You can't beat this location though.  Sitting on the balcony and looking at the aquarium at the Forum Shops?  That pretty much wins.
4	Looking for a dinner under $20 a person in Vegas? Try the Cheesecake Factory. If you can manage to make a decision from their huge menu (way too many options for me). I was very happy with my garlic noodles- and was really happy to save some cash on dinner after loosing some money on the tables. I left stuffed and happy with dinner and drinks- and our bill under $75!
5	Great place!  Put your name in and browse the shops.  Just make sure to check back because they told us 45 minutes and our table was ready in 20.  The waiter was very nice, warned me against a drink he said, and I quote, " a waste of $8" LOL  The food was awesome.  Order the Rasberry Lemon cheesecake...everyone in our party is STILL talking about it a month later.
3	I don't know why it is, that regardless of where I'm traveling, we end up hitting up The Cheesecake Factory.  At the time I had just arrived in and my friends and I were starving, so this seemed to be the only available spot that we could all agree on in Caesars's Palace.Service was ok, we got seated right away, but we seemed to have a somewhat tough time tracking down our server at times.  Pretty standard fare as far as Cheesecake Factories go.
4	If you can't find anything you like in what appears to be the largest menu in the world....something is wrong with you.I haven't made it to dessert in the last 5 times I have been here.  I usually get an appetizer and the cajun jambalaya pasta.  There have been a couple of times where I was lead astray and ordered something else but I just ended up regretting it going back to the pasta dish.  Some of my coworkers eat here everyday.
4	Food is great, but this place is reallyyyy popular, so you'll probably be waiting a bit to be seated. If you can, get a table in the courtyard so you can watch the show.
3	i was there for my friends dinner the day before the wedding.  i did not know before that you could have dinner there i thought it  was just cheesecakes :-)  i cant tell you the price because my friends mom payed . i would not have gone on my own because i was trying to do stuff unique to Vegas .  but the food here was really good and you get allot of it
3	These folks are starting to look as if they are worn out!  One too many smiles, one too many frowns, one too many birthday guests....One too many!  That was my initial impression on  Tuesday evening at this location.  The hostess was kind but wasn't overly anxious to seat us.  No eagerness to see how our day had been going or how they may accommodate us past how many in our party...(felt like we were caught up in some mechanism we couldn't break out of once the service started up!)  First the water attendant to ask if we cared for water....Then the waiter to hit us up for our booze fix question, then the bread person (alternate bus-boy), to bring us our serving of yeasty fix-ins....Followed by the timed "Do you know what you may want for dinner?...Might I start you off with an appetizer?"  from our waiter again....It all felt so routine an impersonal.  No eye contact, no "how is your day going?", No smile!  We did get---"Shall I give you a few more minutes?" and without us answering, our waiter was able to read our minds and turned and walked away to another table because we had wavered a slight bit in our timing to respond!-----SO IMPERSONAL!  So Ho-Humm!  If I had stabbed myself with a fork, they probably would have asked if I would like another fork?How's about we talk about the food!  Good for I had the Hungarian Goulash, and my friend had the CAJUN JAMBALAYA PASTA.  Both were done right and served in a timely fashion.  And my friend's Birthday!?---Not even a mention of a birthday cupcake or anything (Quite disappointing that they offered nothing when most other places offer at least a scoop of ice creme!)...they didn't even offer though I had told them.My over-all assessment here is ---- they need to get a clue that being at the Caesars Palace Colonnade Mall, The Cheesecake Factory is like an ambassador to the world, and they came close to getting a failing grade here tonight!
4	We went here for a birthday dinner and it was pretty good. The food was good ( I had a Navajo sandwich which was on indian fry bread...yum!) but the kicker was our waitress. She was awesome. She was so nice and made sure we had everything we needed but wasn't obnoxious and coming to our table every 5 seconds. She was the perfect waitress. And, because we told her late that it was my brother's birthday, he got a free piece of cheesecake instead of the usual sundae. Yea Heidi!
4	I was eating solo this night and was starving when I was perusing the Caesars mall. I decided to go for a known quantity since I have known CF for years. I ate at the bar and had my usual soda and small chopped salad and bread. It came out to $15 bucks with tip. That's CHEAP by Vegas standards. The small salads are a good deal b/c CF gives you a huge amount of food in the main entrees and so these are just the right generous portion and most hotel rooms have no place to refrigerate or heat up your doggy bag anyways.Bar staff was great. I think it was Tim that helped me. Always made sure to keep my glass filled. Kudos to him and he's cute to boot.Verdict: Okay so CF is a chain that is everywhere nowadays, but it's nice to find someplace that is a known quantity, fed me in less than an hour, and isn't charging 50% more than their normal outlets and has a nice bar staff.
4	Definitely the shortest wait for a Cheesecake Factory I've ever had! We waited about 15+ minutes on a Friday night, which I consider to be great. In addition, I especially appreciated it because it was CHEAP by Vegas standards. Plus, their chicken pot stickers are to die for. I was drinking sauce with a spoon, embarrassingly enough. I had the chicken piccata, which wasn't the best I ever had but it was fairly good. They gave me an absolute ton of food, which I could not finish. My boyfriend had the spicy chicken sandwich with buffalo sauce, which he enjoyed. For the two of us (2 entrees, 1 cocktail, 1 soda, 1 appetizer), it came to $47 with tax, I believe. Not half bad. The service was really good, and the place was absolutely packed. Great experience!
3	My friends and I normally hit this restaurant whenever we go out. Sometimes you do have to wait awhile to get a table. The food is decent. The decor is nice.The staff is friendly. Honestly I would rather buy a cheesecake then eat the appetizers/entree's.Go for the gold...skip the food go for the dessert!
4	my bf and i were seated right away when we came here around 6pm. I had the Evelyn's pasta, which wasn't very good. It was on the light side, so I didn't enjoy it. My bf got some pasta with bacon, peas, and a creamy sauce, which was very good. We had two alcoholic ice cream drinks called caramel twister and kahlua kisser were both strong. I liked the sticky caramel though. The drinks were are about $8.50. Our bill was $40+. I really liked the strawberry creamsicle alcohol drink back at the one in san jose, CA. It has no alcoholic taste, but i guess its vegas, so they hook it up.
4	I've only eaten here at the bar counter while I was shopping and somebody said "feed me."  Okay, that was my tummy and he didn't whisper either.   The service was very friendly and quick and the food was very good and as usual I had to get a doggie bag.   I can't really comment on the atmosphere inside since I was sitting at the bar.
4	I love the Cheesecake Factory. So of course, when I got homesick this was a great place to go! It was a busy Saturday night at Caesar's but we were able to be seated within 15min! Very impressed :) Service was great...unfortunately, I decided to try something different than my usual Chinese chicken salad & fried macaroni and cheese balls. Slightly disappointed. I definitely don't recommend their cream of chicken soup. Just a lil too watery and too many tomatoes floating around for my liking. BUT, the vanilla bean cheesecake was ah-mazing. Their slices are gigantic so we had it split and the waitress was even nice enough to bring it on two separate plates (*kudos* to good service*). So I think I've been to the Cheesecake Factory a million times (ok maybe not but...) and I've [so far] concluded the following:Yay: Chinese Chicken Salad, Fried Macaroni Balls, Meat Loaf, Pot Stickers, Club Sandwich, Terriyaki Steak, Pomegranate Margarita, Vanilla Bean Cheesecake.Nay: Cream of Chicken Soup.
4	Day 3...Since we couldn't find Stage Deli at the Forum Shops we ended up here at the Cheesecake Factory at the Forum Shops. Maybe we needed a break from those expensive restaurants.Didn't record our exact dishes but it was good and we had an attentive server.Big, big servings! Come really hungry!
5	All hail the Cheesecake Factory at Caesar's!  We were having a bad day, stopped here for lunch, and it was like the sky opened and sunlight began to stream on our faces.  The air was sweeter, the weather nicer, all of humanity was in love with us.  Okay, it wasn't that extreme, but Cheesecake Factory really knows how to make you feel at home.  Our server, Gabby, was so great.  The strawberry lemonade is like a drug, that's how delicious it is.  Fresh-made guacomole and warm chips!  Super lunch specials.  I wish I was there now.  And do I even need to mention the cheesecake?  They have a new 30th Anniversary cake -- chocolate fudge cake and the original cheesecake together.  So good.
3	We ate here on a Friday night and the wait wasn't bad when we got there, but when we left the lines were really long. This is the typical Cheesecake Factory...the food was just okay, but the cheesecake was yummy!! I had the grilled cheese sandwich and my DH had the bacon cheeseburger, both of which weren't anything special. For an appetizer we had the chicken taquitos which were kind of icky - really slimy inside. We had the lemon raspberry cheesecake which was really good! So it was all really just okay...nothing special and kind of pricey!
2	This was definitely a "Meh. I've had batter" My girlfriend and I love cheesecake factory and have been to many different locations. While at the one in SF we had the best dinner. I ate the spicy crispy beef, which by the way i highly highly recommend. I intended on enjoying a similar experience here, however left dissatisfied. We were sat right next to the entrance to the kitchen, which usually doesn't bother us, but just added to the roughness of the experience. The server was rude, prompt, and showed more of a desire to go home, than to do her job. Long story short. it was a sub par cheesecake experience.
5	I hate spend more than $15 for pasta for 26 years.... I always think it is not worth it!! Are you kidding me Pasta costs me more than $15  Hell No!!!! Cheescake Factory is a chain restaurant, the menu is the same anywhere you go, the food tastes the same. But I was wrong........This one I am telling you!! Because of this cheesecake factory ONLY at Caesar's made me change my mind... they make me started to love pasta!! Oh~ my Freaking God!!!! They have The Best and The Best, Best , Best x1,000,000 * Seafood Pasta with Red Sauce * Ever, Super,So damn GOOOOOOOD!! I would fly all the way from L.A to Vegas only for this pasta!! And you tell me how good it is?? Get Real~!!"
3	Very nice place especially at Caesar's Palace. This was my first time trying dining at a Cheesecake Factory. The menu selection was huge.
3	Jack of all trades, master of none.  I have to commend The Cheesecake Factory for offering up meals that will appeal to anyone, but aren't really outstanding.  I had a vegetarian pasta that, while very tasty, made me feel like it expanded to about twice its' normal size in my belly about a half hour later.  Not a good feeling . . .The avocado egg rolls were very welcome to two Californians on vacation but needing their avocado fix, but they were a little salty.So, if you're in a diverse group that's hard to please, it might be worth the stop, or if you want a meal with a cheesecake dessert, then obviously this is a great choice, but for true culinary satisfaction, keep on' truckin . . .
3	This location is pretty much the same as all other Cheesecake Factory locations, except that you have to walk past a bunch of glitz, high-end stores.  Hard not to stop and shop on the way to the restaurant!  It's also right in front of a Caesar Palace amenity - an aquarium and a talking statue show.  Great way to occupy your time while you wait for your table, without spending any more money.
3	3 stars for the cheesecake! minus one star for the crowded tables and the flavorless jambalaya. We came here after walking all over the strip because I had a giftcard and the food was just ok. The only thing I recommend getting here is the cheesecake- I can't remember what it was called, but it had reeses crumbled on top with caramel swirls and cheesecake on a butterfinger crust with more caramel. I'm drooling just writing about it....
2	The two stars are for our server only. He was incredible and really went out of his way to help make sure the dining experience was not a total loss.  However, the food was just plain dissapointing.  My mom ordered a pear and walnut salad with bleu cheese.  It came out with some cheese that did not taste like bleu, about 5 walnuts, and no pears.  So when we asked the waiter for some pears, he apologized and went to get a manager.  About 10 minutes later another waiter plopped down a small dish of cut pairs on it and left without another word.  The pears were dry, all 3 of them.  The rest of us all had hamburgers, and while the meat and toppings were good, the buns were soggy.  I know I shouldn't expect much from here for the food, I mean we all come here really for the cheesecake, but if a restaurant is going to have such an extensive menu, the food should at least be palatable and decent.
4	The four stars is because the waiter was AMAZING! My back was in a LOT of pain and not only did he bring a bag of ice, he even recommended the best alcoholic drinks to get rid of it.  Multiple times he came by our table while we were talking about mildly inappropriate things and he was funny and adorable.  The food is still just Cheesecake Factory, but the Georgia Peach drink was delicious.
4	Reminds me of home *sigh* they should use the slogan from Olive garden here because when I'm hear I feel like family. . . It's like the family that when you see it you're really happy to see them, especially when they're less than $50 ;) So if you're a homebody like me and can't afford to live the Vegas lifestyle of seafood and overpriced steak then head to where the home is, Cheesecake Factory.Enjoy.
3	I have a Cheesecake Factory at home and I'm not all that crazy about it, but it's a sight to be seen for visitors.  The one great thing about CF is that it's consistent wherever you go.  I had the fish tacos which were just a bit too much food for me and I didn't know that they came slathered in some sort of sour cream or sauce which made them a bit less enjoyable.  Overall it was fine and definitely a good place to take picky eaters if that's what you're dealing with.
1	I took my friend who was visiting from out of town here for a nice restaurant experience.  Boy did we get an experience... My boyrfriend and I decided to share the factory combo of herb crusted salmon and shrimp scampi.  The salmon  was horribly undercooked in the middle!  I told the waiter and he tried to tell me that it wasn't and that if I wanted I could get another cooked piece.  At this point I was disgusted and wanted to order something else on the menu.  The waiter then came back and jokingly said okay you only have to pay half price for the combo since we only got half a meal :/ He then said he convinced the managers to comp. the meal.  I got my second plate of food which was also not very good.  Disgusted and disappointed I decided that we were just going to order our desert and get the check.  The combo had been comped as promise and we paid our bill.  Whatever change was left, we gave to the waiter.  As we were gathering our things he had the audacity to complain to us about his tip and said that he got us a free meal and spouted off some more bs as he walked away.  Never in my life have I had this happen to me.  We tipped the appropriate percent and he felt it wasn't enough and came to us, the patrons, and complained about something he should be grateful to receive.  This was TOTALLY UNPROFESSIONAL!!!  I then told the managers and they were outraged.  They told me that it was the waiters idea to only deduct half for the combo plate and theirs to comp the whole thing.  Not only was this waiter, named REX (?), rude and out of line, he was a LIAR.  The manager there was very apologetic and proceeded to the bakery to give me my choice of deserts.  This however, does not change the fact that we had a horrible, bland, undercooked meal and were treated like scum by their greedy rude waiter.  My friend from out of town never wants to eat at a Cheesecake Factory when she comes to Las Vegas ever again.I should note that the lunch specials are pretty good when I go here to eat during work.  Tonight was the worst and is going to turn me away.
3	I should preface this my saying I am not a big fan of the Cheesecake Factory - I usually find the food unimpressive and pretty bland... and the wait for a table is just insane.  We were here on a Saturday at lunchtime and did not have to wait for a table - yay!  However, beware of the "outdoor" seating, which is a patio within the mall.  There is a show right there every hour that is incredibly loud and if you sit out there, you will not be able to carry on a conversation.  Sitting inside the restaurant is far better.  The waitress was very good and attentive and I actually really liked the appetizer (cheddar cheese dip with tortilla chips) but I was very very hungry.  However, the main dish was not so good.  I got the portobello mushroom sandwich with fries.  The fries were actually really good but the mushroom was so greasy that I could not eat it.  Maybe next time I will just stick with the appetizers.
3	I'm a Cheesecake Factory fanatic and this one was a slight disappointment. The hostess at the front was busy talking to someone else, the hostess that sat us down was blah and didn't say you're welcome after we said thank you. She might as well have been working at Denny's. Our waitress didn't greet us and looked annoyed and we later found out she was and it was with the bus boy. Towards the end it got better but for the most part a little ghetto as far as attitude. Food is always good, but I'd rather go to the Grand Lux at the Venetian.
4	Had the Cheese Cake to go.They were friendly and courteous.The Cheese Cake was consistent.The whip cream was fresh.Everyone liked it but it would appear our French friends didn't like the peanut butter cheese cake.  I guess it's too rich for them.
5	How can you go wrong with cheesecake factory?? Seriously I have yet to ever try something bad at this place, so reliable for a large portion of some great food and this one in Caesars is no different.  Went here after a long night in Vegas, we all woke up around 2pm and walked (or stumbled) over to cheesecake factory and began chowing down on the bread.  Once we got the bread in us we immediately order bloody mary's to get us back on track for the vegas life.  Our food came and I always stick with the Crispy Chicken Costeletta, try it, it is absolutely amazing.  All in all this meal brought us somewhat back to reality and our waitress was awesome, she would come over and joke around with us as we began ordering more drinks and getting our smiles painted back on.  For a great meal at a great price go to this place and you will not be let down....
2	Went to the cheesecake factory at the forum shops with my girlfriend for dinner and was not impressed at all. I had the fettuccine Alfredo. I'm not picky about my food but it had ZERO flavor. Some of the noodles were stuck together and hard from getting cooked on the bottom of the pot. The chicken breast on the noodles had zero seasoning.The service was very poor, the waiter didn't ask how our food was, and didn't come around much at all. I had to ask for a refill on my drink when ordering dessert. The noise is also very loud, I wouldn't recommend coming here for a romantic dinner that's for sure. We sat near the kitchen and it was REALLY loud. They don't have doors that seperate it from the dining area. The margaritta was 12.00 for a regular size. It was good though. I'd only go here  again for cheesecake to go.
4	I was getting really tired of the overpriced ho hum food in vegas, everything tries to be fancy and special but I knew that I could come home to the SF bay area and pay half as much for something better.But the Cheesecake factory was a very good deal for Vegas food. It's just as good as the others I have been to and the prices are very fair, especially for lunch. If it was closer to where we were staying at I would have ate there everyday.
4	Cheesecake is always a good standby.  huge selection, good food and cocktails - everyone can find something here.  i love the thai lettuce wraps - app is big enough for a meal!
4	Ups and Downs!Our party of six was seated in less than 10 minutes.  WIN!We weren't assigned a waiter and had menus but no beverages for 20 minutes.  FAIL!We were really happy off of mai tais and margaritas they let us bring into the restaurant.  WIN!We tagged 2 waiters and the second one brushed us off with, "Oh, they'll be with you soon."  FAIL!The manager found us and genuinely and thoroughly apologized, and offered to comp our desserts.  MEGAWIN!We were assigned the second waiter that gave us the bullshit answer.  PWNAGE!Ordered buffalo wings which were a perfect match of spicy and sour, and spinach+artichoke dip that came with chips instead of bread as usual.  WIN!The 5 desserts we tried:- Peanut Butter Cheesecake: Very very heavy.  Tastes like sugared up peanut butter and not for the weak of heart.- Carrot Cake: Very classic, hard to go wrong but not spectacular.  Desserts are obviously overpriced at TCF but they don't skimp you.  Calorie for calorie you get what you pay for and the cakes are all a couple inches taller than the cheesecakes.- Oreo Cheesecake: Not bad, hard to go wrong.- Red Velvet Cheesecake: OMG sooooo good.  This was an unexpected combination for me.  The only thing I can think of is that the amount of cream cheese frosting can be overwhelming but other than that it's a really yummy dessert.- Bowl of Fresh Strawberries: For $6.50 you get 10-15 strawberries.  Scam!  But for free it was a good combo with each of the cheesecakes.  If you have money to blow I would highly recommend getting this with any cheesecake order.
1	I wish I knew about this website a few months ago. My family and I had great experience at other cheesecake factory. This location was a total upset. We made reservation ahead of time for twelve people and the staff rest assured that they can accomodate that much.Our reservation was supposed to be at 6:00 pm, but we weren't seated until 7:00 p.m. At this point, the men in the family were all upset, but still had to go in, for the sake of the ladies. So we followed the staff to an area, but only to find out that they didn't have our table ready. We were told that we will be scattered or to be sitted in different tables...even though we had a party of twelve. By this time, I was really angry. I wasn't able to hold myself in, I freaked out. They were supposed to find a way to meet our needs. Like they say, customers are always right. But the unorganized staff didn't deliver at all. Everyone in my family were upset because of what was going on and we were suppose to have a great time since it was my daughter's birthday. Anyway, as mentioned the staff were just horrible. We didn't get our drinks in a five minute time frame, but instead longer. It took us even longer to order and to get our food. The most irritating part, they messed up on some of the orders and didn't even apologize. Since I am very carefree, I asked one of the staff for the manager. I told the manager that we weren't happy and that, he had the worst staff any person can imagine.Out of all the cheesecake factory (at the ceasar's forum) staff, the manager, I believe was, the only one who was decent to actually care about his job and the reputation of the restaurant. Skip this place when you are in Las Vegas. The worst restaurant ever. I would rate this place half a star.
3	While wandering the Forum Shops my hubby and I worked up an appetite and wanted something easy and quick, but also want to sit down and park ourselves for a bit.  We saw Cheesecake Factory and that seemed to fit the bill!The Cheesecake Factory is a huge chain and so  you probably either love it or hate it.  In my opinion, the cheesecake is top notch!  Their cheesecakes are rich and served in huge slices that will satisfy any sweet tooth.  However, since I was jonesing for a Fro Ho at Serendipity later, I skipped it this trip.  As for the food, well, it is what it is.  The menu is HUGE (if you haven't been there it is a spiral bound book!).  That is great for variety, but other than the cheesecake they haven't perfected anything.  This time out I had the Brioche Breakfast Sandwich with Hashbrowns.  It was good, not great.  They put tomatoes on the sandwich before they heat it so they get mushy.  Bleck!  The bread is good and the flavors work.  We had good service and they sat us on the second floor which was nice since it cut down on the noise.  Good lunch, nice easy stop in the Forum Shops.
3	The wife and I were wandering around looking for a decent place to eat lunch and finally settled on the Cheesecake Factory. It was honestly the first place we saw in the forum shops which didn't make either one of us go "meh". I didn't feel like a burger so settled on a spicy crispy chicken sandwich. It really didn't have a spice to it but it didn't taste too bad. The service was excellent, however. I go thru a ton of pop refills, especially when I'm out walking and wandering, and the server was on it. There wasn't a wait to get seated, but they made us go upstairs - wait, there's a 2nd floor to a restaurant on the forums, it must have an awesome view! - nah, don't get too excited. It's a small, enclosed space with the only view being that of the other tables. The middle is cut out so you can look down on the bar, but that's about it.
4	Wife and I ate here on our way out of Vegas (always have to hit The Forum Shops before we leave).  Although it's not as good as its sister company, Grand Lux, it was still good.  I got the Kobe Burger, which makes that 3 times now total.  Such a great burger and it was cooked perfectly.  Our waitress (forget her name) was very upbeat (almost too much) and did an ok job at refilling our drinks and returning to our table in a timely manner.
4	This is a great location. Everytime I have been here either it be for dinner take out or just drinks the food and the staff have never let me down. They are always super busy but you usually don't wait long to get in. The staff makes sure your taken care of, the only time I've had to really wait was when paying the bill. They could use more registers but that's such a small thing. Next time you go get the fried chicken sliders. Especially if your not that hungry because we all know how big those Cheesecake Factory portions are. You get 4 and they are SOOOO good. The bartenders here are super friendly and make great recommendations. I wish  I could remember that one guys name because he is the best!
5	This Cheesecake Factory is located in Caesars Palace Forum Mall by Neptunes statue and Laser show.  Whether you sit inside or outside, it's always a great experience.  If you sit outside, you can watch the show as you eat.  Whether it's Summer or Winter, you're indoors so it's always a better idea to sit outside.  The staff are professional and friendly. The food keeps up the great standards of Cheesecake Factory.  From the drinks to the meals to the deserts, they are all excellent!It's a great place for dates and families.
3	I ate here with a group of 6 while visiting Las Vegas. We had a late lunch so it wasn't very crowded. Our server was great -- very attentive and prompt. My boyfriend and I shared the chipotle chicken pasta and it was definitely big enough for two. Our friends all ordered cheesecake that looked amazing. Try to get a seat inside to cut down on some of the noise from "The Fall of Atlantis" fountain show that happens every so often outside in the Forum Shops.
4	Located deep inside the Forum shopping Arcade in Caesars Palace this place is always a more casual dining treat for us that never disappoints; If only becau of the amusement at the size of the portions! The menu is immense, the service efficient and the atmosphere lively. The dishes are too numerous and eclectic to recumbent anything specific, but I would recommend you don't have both an app and main course (I promise you, it will be far too much food!), choose one or the other and save yourself for a cheesecake. Don't expect haute cuisine, just generously portioned indulgence!
4	buffet its too heavy for me sometimes in Vegas, so I come to this cheesecake factory almost every time I'm in Vegas. I love how you're sitting outside but its actually not outside. the food is amazing & service is great. I'm always willing to try new things, & the server always gives me great recommendations. Red velvet cheesecake for desert is a must for me.. the best part, I can walk around the forum shops in ceasar palace, that helps me to digest LOL ..
4	I'm pretty sure I'm not the only person who has ever thought that the Cheesecake Factory only served cheesecake! But I'm glad the founder didn't limit the menu based on the name of the restaurant because that would have been a shame. My go to dish is the Chicken Bellagio that's usually served only in the afternoons and around dinner time. It is a crispy yet delicate chicken breast atop a mound of creamy angel hair pasta. The first time I ordered it, the waiter laid it down in front of me, I literally didn't know what to do with it! It looked so perfect I didn't want to cut in, but of course even if my mind says "do not eat!" my stomach always prevails! However, if you take my advice and order this dish, be warned that it is a huge portion and can be easily shared. And of course, how you can you come to the Cheesecake Factory and NOT order cheesecake? Original cheesecake (with strawberries): Check!White chocolate and raspberry cheesecake: Check!Pumpkin cheesecake: Check!Red velvet cheesecake: Check!Key lime cheesecake: Will be tried next time I go, guaranteed!This place is called The Cheesecake Factory, so if you ask me if their cheesecake is good, I'll assume you're joking! :) I'm pretty sure that any of their cheesecakes will be delicious no matter which one you choose, but I recommend the red velvet cheesecake for  a rich cake-like cheesecake and pumpkin or original for a lighter cheesecake!
3	Located inside the Forum shopping Arcade in Caesars Palace this place is always a more casual dining treat. Everytime we have gone to Vegas the wait is usally about 20 minutes but with the fish tank outsaide and the laser light show it helps kill time!!! The food keeps up the great standards of Cheesecake Factory. The staff makes sure your taken care of, the only time you will  really wait is when paying the bill. But I think they do that on purpose the more you wait the more time you have time for your food to digest then you get hungry and get a slice of Cheesecake!! haha
4	Yeah this place is good. I came here once after PURE. It was good because when you're witha  crowd of people who usually have some type of after-club attitude, its a good place for them to get whatever they want.
4	OMG! So I have to say that one of my biggest weaknesses is cheesecake!!!! So of course I had to eat at the factory! I went to this place a lot when I was smaller, but I wasn't judging the food at that age. My husband and I went here for our wedding anniversary while in Vegas. It was kind of a weird situation. We waiting a long time for a table since this place doesn't take reservations (bummer!) Then we sat next these 2 women who were arguing with each other at the table! I am not sure of they were friends or mother and daughter??? We ordered the Factory chopped salad that is tossed with a balsamic dressing. The salad has apples, bacon, avocado, bleu cheese, and a bunch of other yummy veggies that tie in with the dressing beautifully! As we were enjoying the salad, the two woman finished their argument and began a conversation with us! They started to recommend dishes that they like there and then were talking smack on other dishes, including the salad that we loved at this point! Anyways, they recommended the Chicken Piccatta and it was a hit with us! But watch out for the portion size! We were able to split the dish and still had a little left over. The chicken is cooked with a white sauce and capers...but we requested that the capers be left out ( I am not a fan). It comes with a size of pasta that compliments the chicken well. And for dessert, of course cheesecake! They have so many to choose from!!!! how can one make that decision??!! A few of my favs from there: The chocolate mousse cheesecake, the carrot cake cheesecake, the original flavor, and the tuxedo. You can also get the original flavor and there is a variety of fruit toppings that you can have added if you choose. All in all, this place rocks! They have a huge menu of entree items and the same size menu for the cheesecake! The service is really good but it is a very noisy restaurant, so if you are a looking for a quiet environment, this is not the place. The entrees are decently priced for the amount of food that you get. The cheesecake can be a little pricey ($6.95 a slice for most), but its soooooo worth it! If I could change one thing, I would have them start taking reservations! I will be back for many years to come! Enjoy all!
4	My husband  and I came here on our first date, some years ago, but we went to the Summerlin location where there was an hour long wait, and ended up here. I got a salad and he got the thai noodle dish. We decided to go here again for date night during the week (now that he works days we can do things during the week, which is nice). We were able to get a table upstairs right away. Weekends are crazy busy-waits can be less painful by gazing at the very impressive aquarium featuring many different kinds of fish and some rays. This is a popular place among tourists so be prepared to wait. The service is very good (refilled drinks). We were presented with a bread basket (sourdough & honey oat) within minutes of being seated. Our drinks came right away. I ordered the chicken and shrimp gumbo (came with chunks of sausage and a large scoop of rice in the middle) while my husband ordered the shepherd's pie. The menu is about 19 pages long including 34 varieties of cheesecake! It was almost hard to choose something since there are so many choices. Most of the dishes are served on huge white plates (more like platters). It didn't seem too long for our dinners to arrive. The presentation was nice- parsley generously sprinkled around the entire perimeter of my plate. My husband thought that my dinner was small, but I only ate half of it, and took the rest home (as did he). The gumbo was good, but not traditional, in that the broth was clear, and secondly, there were big chunks of tomatoes. I thought that this is worth mentioning since I am a big fan of the traditional style gumbo with the roux (oyster bar at stations). The dish My husband's dinner was good and large (compared to mine), but I am not really a fan of this dish. For both our dinners, one drink, one water, it was about $35 plus tip. The ambiance (there is patio seating available), the service, the food, the wide variety of menu items, including cheesecake, the complimentary bread basket, and the location make this chain restaurant very attractive. (As busy as this one is, the one in Oahu seems to be the busiest CF location ever. This is the original location in Las Vegas; two others in Summerlin and Green Valley.) Also worth mentioning, the free show,  and the shopping is great- from the Gap, Bath & Body Works, the always-packed Apple store, and Victoria's Secret in the original part of the Forum Shops. Newly expanded stores include: Swatch, Tommy Bahama, Harry Winston, and Anthropologie. It might be confusing to some people how the different levels are, but just ask someone to point you in the right direction.
3	Key lime cheesecake: I guess the tartness of the key lime just doesn't complement the flavors of the original cheesecake mix well, but the crust alone was amazing.Brownie sundae: Don't come to THE CHEESECAKE FACTORY for a brownie sundae. The brownie was kind of hard and not very chewy and didn't have a very nice smooth chocolate flavor.Chocolate chip cookie dough cheesecake: I couldn't taste the cookie dough at all, it was just like eating the original cheesecake that accidentally had bland cookie dough thrown in and the oreo crust was too bitter for my liking.
3	Same menu, service, etc. as any other Cheesecake Factory throughout the nation.  The only difference is that it's right next to that show that goes on in the Forum Shops with the fire and mechanically animated statues.  It was loud, hot, and annoying.  It freaked me out and we couldn't carry on a conversation for the 15 minutes that it was on.  My suggestion, if you eat here, is to sit inside to avoid the distraction of this show near the restaurant.
4	We ended up here twice in our Vegas stay. They are open to mixing up the menu a bit (adding, subtracting things) The servers kept our drinks up. The food came out hot. Our dinner was fantastic. On our lunch there, our server was somewhat non-existent,  and our food was eh. My alfredo came out rather watery, and broccoli undercooked, but it was okay. Which is why this review got 4 stars instead of 5.
4	I hate CF because my wife (and most women) hype it. Drives me nuts. The reality is, most things vie had there are very good. While on our anniversary trip we ate there twice in one day - not by choice. The appetizer with the corn cakes - very good!We also had some salmon wraps on a bed of cabbage. It was very good!The next meal (same day) I ordered the spicy chicken stuffed tortillas - or something like that. It was very good also. My wife got salads both times and loved each of them.
5	I have been to this location everytime I'm in Vegas. Always great food and service. The lines can be crazy on the weekends though! One of the cheapest places to eat Vegas IMHO. The portions are so big you can share. If you sit on the patio you'll have a front row seat to the show above the aquarium. Some of my favorite appetizers are the Roadside Sliders, Southern Fried Chicken Sliders and the Firecracker Salmon. My favorite specialties are the Ranch House Burger, Steak Diane and the Grilled Shrimp & Bacon Club. My favorite cheesecake is the Dulce De Leche Caramel Cheesecake. It is absolutely amazing!  My favorite drinks are the Tropical Smoothie and the Frozen Iced Mango.They didn't offer a kid's menu in the past but now do. It's for kids 10 and under and includes a drink (choice of a soft drink, milk, apple juice or lemonade) This is what is offered:Roadside Sliders Fried Chicken Sliders Mini Corn Dogs Pasta with butter & Parmesan cheese with Marinara sauce with meat sauce with Alfredo sauce  Kids Quesadilla with chicken  Mac & Cheese Chicken Strips w/ fries Cheese or Pepperoni Pizza  Grilled Cheese with fries Grilled Chicken Breast with potatoes and a vegetable  Desserts are: Ice Cream  Mini Hot Fudge Sundae  Kid's StrawberriesInsider Tip: They also offer a complementary baby plate that consists of bananas, oranges and bread.
5	Everytime i'm in Vegas I make a stop at the cheesecake factory in Caesars Palace. The selection is great, never dissapointed, never too long of a wait, and the staff is exceptional. Our last visit over the weekend we had the pleasure of being served by Gabriel. He was so delightful, fun, witty and charming. His service went above and beyond. Love this place:)
4	Like other reviewers, I am not necessarily a fan of the chain restaurant. Particularly in Las Vegas when there are so many other great choices of places to eat. That being said, I had my 3rd ever experience at any Cheesecake Factory recently as I was joining some of my wife's colleagues for a pre-show dinner before we were to go see Cher. The place was hopping, but looked very large.My first impression of this location was great! The staff were very friendly, and despite not having a reservation for 6pm on a Saturday night of a 3 day weekend, our party of 8 was able to be seated within 15 minutes of arriving. Our waiter was excellent. Most of us were either CCF newbies or seldom diners and we were all full of questions about drinks or menu items. Our waiter was very patient, helpful and humorous. I had quite a few questions about the veggie friendly items, and he was very good at answering my questions.As far as the food and drink. I was happy to find a couple microbrews on the menu, and I opted for the Hefe. The rest of our party enjoyed one of the many cocktails that the CCF offers. All of our drinks came out at the same time, and only after about 5 minutes after we ordered. I ordered the nachos minus the meat and edamame, and most of the table also ordered apps. The portion sizes on these apps was massive, and we probably could have only ordered 4 for the entire table. I was able to conquer about 1/2 the nachos and had significant help with the edamame. Our service was quick, which we needed since we had a show at 7:30pm. Our check came fast (but not too fast) and was worked out very quickly. Overall, it was a great experience. Our bill was actually very reasonable especially noting how much food we got. The service was great and the location perfect for what we needed. I probably won't be a CCF regular, but I will definitely be open to dining there again. My only concern was that gratuity was not added to our bill (even though we had 8 people) which was different than I am used to seeing. That could be a problem for people who don't look too closely at their bill.
2	DID YOU KNOW ALL THE CHEESECAKE FACTORIES ARE THE SAME?  I have been to a few of them, and this one was like the others.  If you like one where ever you are, then you'll like this one.  SERVICE:  The wait is long if you go around dinner time.  We waited, gambled, and drank to get a buzz and went later than 9:00 p.m.   So, we got seated fairly quickly.  The service...nothing special...it's what you'd expect at any Cheesecake Factory restaurant.  FOOD QUALITY:  The food was okay.  It was, as I said earlier, like any other Cheesecake Factory on the planet.  WOULD I GO THERE AGAIN?: Probably not.
5	Great food,  Atmosphere very quiet , even though located in the Forum Shops. Service was great! Had very cool server named Tracey
4	Burger & Fries with friends.
2	Only good thing about my experience at this cheesecake factory is the stuffed mushrooms. Other than that I didnt like the waitress because she was a complete (b$%Ch). She received like 50 cents for tip. YES, even thats pushing it because I dont feel like she deserves a dime. Anyways, the corn fritters werent good and neither was the mojito that I ordered. You would think if you pay so much for a drink it would be good, but it tastes just like concentrated lemonade with a hint of alcohol. *GROSS. the end
5	This place rocked. They had everything imaginable on the menu, cool atmosphere and more of the more affordable nice places out in Vegas. Really good service too and very clean.
1	cheesecake factory sucks.  first off, get with the program, i'm a forum employee and you guys don't offer mall discounts.  2nd, why my to go order for SOUP took 39 minutes to get to me from the time i called is beyond my explanation, i know you guys didn't make this fresh i know it was sitting in a big vat with maybe just the garnishing put on right before it went out so why the delay?  3rd, why the fuck did my soup come in a coffee cup?  how in the fuck am i supposed to eat this without it getting everywhere?  and not even an apology from the incompetent to go clerk....like it's not abnormal for soup to take 39 minutes to get to a customer.  you guys are lucky i work in the same place and know how much it sucks to get aimlessly bitched at, so i wasn't gonna do that, but you guys suck.  fail in every aspect possible.  never again.  never.  only max brenner and fat tuesday's from now on.  rest assured, my whole staff feels the same way.  only reason we deal with you still is because your soup is only 5 bucks even with your non existent mall employee discount, but unfortunately now it takes 39 minutes to make it on our hour lunches.  never again...
3	Love the cheesecakes but not so much the food. Since I can't eat a whole lot of sweets I mainly order the Thai Lettuce Wraps, it's probably the best thing on the menu besides the dessert. You would think Thai Lettuce Wraps is hard to mess up on, but sadly they burnt my chicken. It was a total disappointment for me! As for the pastas they are A-O-K; the Cajun jambalaya is probably the best one. Made to perfection! Most of the other pastas seem to be dry (lack of sauce). Best part of all DESSERT! I love the red velvet cheesecake, so if you haven't tried it yet I would definitely try it. As for service, not the best, the server forgot a lot of things and would disappear out of no where when I needed him. Not only did he forget to get my drink but he messed up on other peoples order.
3	This was my first visit to a Cheesecake Factory. We shared the sliders, and guacamole. Sliders were good. The guac. was very bland, and had little more than moshed avocados. We shared a piece of cheesecake, the oreo. That was the best part of the meal. The menu is overwhelming IMO. Way to many choices.
4	If you've ever been to a Cheesecake Factory, you know what to expect. If you don't, then this is for you.You can generally expect to have a good wait time to get into a seat because the food is awesome. Do not mistake this wait time for poor service because it's generally anything besides lacking. At this one in particular, you can be seated on one of three floors or even out in the forum shops where you can watch the fish tanks and the robotic Atlantis show. It's in the middle of all the forum shop stores at a dead end, so you really have to want to get there to find it. It's worth every second. I stayed in Vegas for a week for a convention, ate here 5 times then, and still didn't have the same thing.They'll start by bringing you a little bread, and all of it is worth trying out and making sure that they've got more coming for you.The drinks that they'll offer are pretty varied, from general bar items to very specialty drinks, but sometimes the beer selection is lacking oddly enough.Appetizers are delicious and as you can expect to find throughout the entire menu, it's all over the place. You can get a dozen kinds of pizza or chicken or a delicious pasta for that matter. The main event though is of course.....the cheesecakes. I try to order a different one each time that I've gone in, but I've been to different locations dozens of times, and I haven't eaten the same one twice yet. Enjoy!
4	Believe it or not, this was my first time to go to a Cheesecake Factory. Don't know what I was waiting on. If all of them are as good as the one in Caesars Palace, then I've got a standby in every Metropolitan city in the country. This place is good.The menu is gigantic, bordering on overwhelming. Most of the food was outstanding. My Salsbury steak was deluged with sage (not my favorite spice). That was about my only knock on the food. If only I had oredred one of the other 1400 items on the menu.The service was nice and attentive. They gave me extra stuffed mushrooms because my first order, they said, had 5 instead of the prescribed 6. Nice touch! I would have never known what the correct number of mushrooms were. The setting was cavernous but it worked.Smiley face and half a star.
3	This was my second time coming to The Cheesecake Factory. It was a really nice Cheesecake Factory since it was inside The Forum Shops at the Caesar's Palace. This one had an outside patio for dining with a view of the pretty fish tank! Nice!For this time around, I had ordered The Incredible Grilled Eggplant Sandwich with grilled Japanese eggplant, roasted bell peppers, red onions, melted mozzarella and garlic aioli on a toasted bun with a side of sweet potato fries. I asked the waitress if she would order my sandwich with the aioli on the side. When my dish arrive, I noticed that they did not place the aioli on the side (I am thinking that the waitress forgot to note it down), that  the eggplant was cut in quarters instead of being sliced thinly. What's the big deal, right? Well my Yelpers, trying to eat a chunk of an oily grilled eggplant inside a toasted bun smeared with garlic aioli and melted cheese and slippery grilled peppers makes it difficult to handle and eat. The eggplant kept slipping off my sandwich every time I took a bite. Hence, I decided to just take it off my sandwich and have a roasted pepper and cheese sandwich and eat the eggplant on the side. If they would change the cut of the eggplant, then the sandwich would definitely no be as messy to eat and enjoy, especially if you are paying like $15!I tried the Chicken Madeira from a friend's plate. The chicken was very tender and juicy and the sauce was not too salty or bland, perfect! I also tried her mashed potatoes and loved that you can taste real potatoes! Definitely not potatoes out of the box and then scooped onto your plate haha. Great portion for two meals! Now that's a bargain. My friend, however, ordered the plate with no asparagus and it came with it anyhow. Thus, the waitress forgot to note it down as well. Overall, great dining experience! Service was okay since the waitress kept forgetting minor details and tried to get us to keep buying dessert even after we were obviously full and in a bit of a rush. She did bring us ton of bread to eat though.I
1	Just thinking about the level of service that I received makes me cringe. The service is the polar opposite of what someone would consider a good experience. I think that the issue with these "superstars" lies around the fact that they can't listen to save their life.  Nothing makes me happier than expressing that I'm allergic to mushrooms to the lady over the phone and finding that my order of "Crispy Spicy Beef" has more mushrooms than beef in it. I checked my receipt and it actually does say no mushrooms. Regardless as to whether the to-go lady punched in the order correctly, the fact still lies that she was too wrapped up in gossiping with her co-workers to check and make sure that my order was correct. I work in retail and I ALWAYS double check and make sure that I've gotten the customers request correctly. Also, why the fuck do I order soup and get it in 5 different coffee cups? They keep expressing that this is a temporary fix  until their shipment comes in and is by no means permanent. They've been saying this for the past 2 months....I guess if you want a job at cheesecake, mediocrity shines, so shoot for the bare minimum and you'll be a star.
3	I came here a few wks ago on a Saturday afternoon for dinner with some out-of-state guests. I had been saving The cheesecake factory for a special occasion b/c I dont routinely order dessert. ENTREE: I ordered the cobb salad which I would never ever order again. Ive had better cobb salads @ Big Dogs! This salad was 95%lettuce with anything else as an afterthought. I coudl count the # of blue cheese crumbles and pieces of what appeard to be walmart deli sliced turkey on my salad. I was not happy..what a waste of $13.00 I'd rather have had wendy's cobb and that isnt very good either.  my bf ordered the chicken Bellagio. OMG 2000 calories but it tasted divine. Basil infused pasta with some sort of lemon ckin on top. Good but Too caloric. DESSERT: Yum. OMG.. as my Julio (my love) would say, "this had wedding cake written all over it!!" we ordered the Red-Velvet Cheesecake. there. are. no. words. I cannot begin to tell you how utterly delicious and marvelous this dessert was. So decadent and sinful yet not too sweet and not so crazy. LOVED IT. We'd come back just for dessert in the future and since his bday is coming up we just might do that. SERVICE: eh.. it was ok. What I never understood is why when you have a table of at least 6 people, odds are it maybe 3 couples especially if you see there are 3 females and 3 males. maybe. so why on earth would you assume in your infinite wisdom and experience servicing the restaurant industry that one person is going to pay the entire tab? We are going to split this up b/c thats what coupes do. and instead of making this awkward for everyone involved. please ask us if we would like to split this up one 1 ticket or 2 or 3? and make this easier for everyone. at the beginning of the meal. this has annoyed me for years with large restaurants such as this. end thought: order dessert. go light on food .. split a pizza and go for the dessert!
1	Still absolute trash. I'm done giving them chances.
3	The Cheesecake Factory is a safe chain restaurant to go to for affordable yet ample portioned meals. We came here on a Thursday night. Our server Loni was excellent. She was quite attentive to us.However, the bread she initially brought us was burned and really hard. Then, more bread came but it was cold. The better Cheesecake Factory restaurants normally toast the bread on the spot so that when the customer eats it, it is warm and soft, not cold and burned.I ordered from the special menu (the separate insert) where they have the chef's specialty items for that particular restaurant. I ordered the salmon with spinach and angel hair pasta. The salmon was excellent. However, their sauce was extremely creamy and oily. It was very overwhelming. If the sauce was replaced with let's say marinara sauce, it would have been perfect. So, I ended up eating all the spinach and salmon only and left the sauce and angel hair pasta alone.
4	I been to a few different Cheesecake Factory and this ranks probably at the top.  Not only did they seat up near the fish tank (trust me...this helps when you have two kids), they cut the bread and banana in small pieces for my kids while we waited for the entrees.  I had the chicken piccata which was awesome...highly recommended.We even got to watch the Caesars statue show while dining.
3	The restaurant appeared to be extremely crowded from the outside, but we were seated immediately. The restaurant turned out to be quite spacious inside! Service was decent and friendly. The dimmed lighting and private booths created a nice, cozy atmosphere which made our experience highly enjoyable. We were presented with toasty garlic bread which we all loved. I tried quite a few entrees. I thought the pasta da vinci, garlic noodles, and chopped salsbury steak were all unimpressive, but the fettuccine Alfredo and Kobe beef burger were both very delicious! The fettuccine's creamy Parmesan sauce was very good, and the burger was a great value at just $12.99. Yum!For dessert we shared the Godiva chocolate brownie sundae and the glazed strawberry cheesecake. Creamy and dreamy, both were very good!This restaurant offers quality food and lovely ambiance at a very affordable price. Quite an ideal venue for a romantic date or special dinner with family or friends! My only gripe was that the silverware was extremely dirty! I could literally wipe white film from my spoon and pick cookie crumbs from my fork... However, our server was nice enough to bring us new utensils AND wipe them down at our table for us, ha.
3	Ahhhh...YES! A restaurant inside a casino that is actually open PAST 11 pm!!  Our group got seriously sidetracked after some gambling and realized that our afternoon of gambling turned into an EVENING of gambling.  We found our way to Caesar's Palace and we were so surprised that almost all the restaurants were closed!!Thank goodness we found Cheesecake Factory at the very end of the forum shops.  We were seated immediately!  That was good news for my tired feet.I ordered the bacon, cheese, mushroom and spinach omelet.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't the best that I've had either.Service was good all the way up until the end.  We sort of lost our waiter when it came time to pay.  Where did he go?  So we just ended up having to pay cash.If you don't want to go off the strip to search for a late night dinner spot and you are not craving fast food, Cheesecake Factory inside Caesar's Palace is your best bet!
5	This Cheesecake Factory provided some of the best service I've ever gotten at any restaurant. True to any CF, there's a huge menu and even bigger portions. The server was extremely helpful and very nice. Everything was served quickly and loved the atmosphere. Would highly recommend going there again!
4	After a meeting a coworker and I decided to stop here for lunch. The great thing is you can order from their small plates menu and share different foods. We had fried zucchini , blue cheese / pear flat bread, and then chicken wraps with a spicy sauce. This is a great way to nibble without going overboard. We were sat right away and had a great server. I was very happy with our service , our server had a sense of humor and was very outgoing ! We were tempted to have cheesecake , how can you come here and not do it ? So our server was kind enough to split one Strawberry cheesecake in half to serve to us. This was a great experience with great food , hands down.
4	I would personally stay away from any of their pasta dishes but their gumbo is really delicious. This also happens to be my favorite Cheesecake Factory location to date, but it is also the busiest location I`ve been to. Thankfully the giant fish tank located right in front of the restaurant is a great source of distraction, especially if you have kids.  Quick and friendly service, great family environment.
4	I had the Ahi Salad and it was Delicious. Big fan! I also had the strawberry shortcake and it was also amazing. Our waiter was friendly and attentive, and they had a little "outdoor'' patio area to eat on. Of course, since it was inside with the forum shops in Caesar's Palace, it was still inside. Good food!
2	Beet salad=small, bread=free, pastas=too oily, philly cheese steak sandwich=awesome (jeffs meal) and YEA here is why such a poor review. $8 a beer. really why?
4	In Vegas I kinda hoped it'd be all surreal and down the rabbit hole ish like the Chicago spot.But even though it's not, it's still sooooo good! Sarah and I split the Miso Salmon and had to punch ourselves in the face it was so good!
3	Same everywhere. Still classy though. Same price, no happy hour though.
4	I only been to the Cheescake Factory once. It's definitely somewhere I would go again. Normally I steer clear of expensive restaurants, especially the one's near the strip. I don't care whose paying, im just not into spending $45 on a plate of food. I dont' care how nice or sexy the waiter is. I went here with a friend on Thanksgiving because neither one of us can cook lol. I didn't order anything but a cheescake. From what I can tell the food isn't all that bad, it's also not toooo pricey like I expected it to be. I would definetly want someone to take me here on a date. :)
5	I wish I could give this Cheesecake Factory 10 stars. Here's why: my sister can't have gluten or black pepper. Yep, I know. That sucks. BUT, this Cheesecake Factory made that issue 100x easier. Their management came by our table and showed my sister exactly what she could eat and what they could substitute/take out. If they didn't know, they would contact the chef. THAT. IS. AWESOME. And they didn't ever make my sister feel bad or show any signs of irritation when she had questions. Also, everyone at our table loved what they ordered. BRAVO.
3	We wanted to celebrate my friend's 30th birthday while in Vegas. Hmm, where will they sing to her?So even though I stuffed myself to the gills at the Village Buffet, we decided to surprise my friend for her birthday because that's how you show people you love them. We came at an off time, so there wasn't a wait. We sat upstairs (there is an elevator beside the staircase) at a round table in the corner. Hmm, what to eat when you don't want to eat? My friends ordered a bunch of appies, but I wanted to eat some veggies... lunch special sized Cobb Salad it is. When they dropped off the bread, everyone pounced. Ahh, I love the soft, warm bread with butter... I didn't really need to eat anymore.The cobb salad is all mixed up instead of being a composed salad. It was very well mixed with an appropriate amount of dressing... not too little, not too much... just right. I love bacon... I love bacon with blue cheese... I love bacon with blue cheese and lettuce... this salad was huge, so I only finished like half. I would have taken it back to the hotel, but in a city of excess, I figured I would just find food someplace else... and I'm glad I did because I think our fridge was broken. The slice of red velvet cheesecake we took back did not fare so well... and melted. I almost cried.Our server was so nice and even though she disappeared for a while, she remembered to bring a candle and brought some other to sing to my friend. We always have a nice time at all the Cheesecake Factory restaurants... always so consistent.
3	We had great service, and the food was good.  Much better than the one in San Francisco.  The food arived very quickly, the only bad thing was the noise level from some of the other patrons was loud.
5	Awesome service, food and prices! That's all you need.
4	I always have a good time here.Our service was amazing, she accomodated our requests for something gluten free, and went out of her way to talk to the chef.The food is delish, the portions too big (don't eat all of it, you'll fatten up).Great location at the Forum Shops.I know in Vegas, I should have done a fancier foodie place, but needed food fast.
4	Located in the Forum Shops area of Ceasers- it was a great place for lunch after a day of walking.  The outside dining is in the mall area.  The decor seemed like a "mall version" of this eatery...seemed a bit cramped.  They do have seating on the 2nd floor so it is larger than it seems.  The food is consistatly good, the service at this Cheesecake Factory was exceptionlal.  Prices seem better than other places on the strip- if you are hungry & want food you can count on at a fair price this is a good choice.  The Lousiana Shrimp I ordered was good but needed more zip in my opinion...but I like spice.  The Vietnamese Tacos were a tasty little start to out meal. The Sheila's chicken Salad was very yummy too!   We skipped the cheesecake....after all this eatery is now located all over the place.  I do love their cheesecake- but one cannot have dessert at every meal & stay in shape.
4	amazing place to eat! So good, portions are huge. While in vegas I got a bellagio chicken because it made me think of the belliagio hotel. So good! I also like their pastas, pasta da venchi and evelyns. My dad loves their meat loaf. Everything is really good and portions are so generous! Moderately priced. Located in cesars palace. Annoyed that the water is served in a plastic cup, get some glass ones! Free bread, the brown one is amazing!
5	I have nothing bad to say about this Cheesecake Factory!!  We came here because we were meeting friends from Germany, and they don't have any Cheesecake Factories there (sucks to be them!!!) so they wanted to meet up at one here.  Fine by me!!We met friends here for dinner at 8 on a Sunday night.  There was about a 10 minute wait, if that.  They seated us even though all of our party wasn't there--two of them were on European time.  It gave us plenty of time to enjoy our first round of drinks and to peruse the 87 page menu (only a slight exaggeration).Our waitress was extremely patient and accomodating considering we were there for over 2 hours.  She was extremely attentive and kept asking us if we needed refills on anything and was great with the suggestions when we were debating about what to get.My husband got some sort of amazing breakfast burrito that was twice the size of his head.  And he ate every bite of it, too (minus what I stole!)  My friend and I split the tuna carpaccio and the bang bang shrimp.  I also ordered a delicious side salad when their house dressing.  AMAZING.Overall, it was a great experience, and I would definitely go again!
4	The Ahi Carpaccio was amazing, and the food was better than good. We had a very late dinner even for Vegas standards so it seemed like we were imposing.
4	When in Vegas, I absolutely have to come here!  My experience here has always been enjoyable. Cheesescake Factory has an all time favorite dish of mine... The Bang Bang-Chicken and Shrimp(AyMayZinG!!) The combination of Coconut Curry with Chicken and Shrimp over a bed of rice... delicious! I have had my share of curry dishes, but none beat this one(pretty much the only reason I come here). Oh..and the Thai Wraps get a well deserved Thumbs Up!
4	Standard cheesecake factory restaurant with typically extra long wait because of the location and the prices tend to be a little higher then usual also due to the fact that it is located I. The heart of Caesars Palace.
3	We were lucky to have a 10-min wait time, there's  so many people it can be intimidating...Four Cheese Pasta is so delicious, I've never drooled over such a simple dish. Our waitress was nice and we didn't get mad about waiting to be served since she was trying her best to navigate to other tables. I have no complaints, everything was great. The only downside I can mention is the wait time and occupancy number. It's -very- crowded.
4	They let us dine with our own premade 50/50 lemon aid + Tequila; only in Vegas! If you sit near the mall, the never ending mechanical play can get annoying.
4	We were in the Caesars Forum Shops, and decided to have lunch at The Cheesecake Factory since we were near by. We eat at the Cheesecake Factory in our area, and I usually have the thai lettuce wraps or a fish entree. This time I decided to try something different, so I had the Luau salad. It's grilled chicken breast with mixed greens, cucumbers, red and yellow peppers, green beans, carrots, mango and topped with crisp wontons, macadamia nuts, sesame seeds and vinaigrette. I ordered the half portion, and the salad was huge. It was a very sweet and refreshing summer salad.  We sat in the patio area, and had a nice view of Caesars' gigantic tropical fish tank and people watched in the forum shops.  Our waitress was very friendly and attentive.
5	Very nice service, beautiful atmosphere, and great food. - Orange Chicken (lunch portion)- Chicken Madeira- Cuban Sandwhich
5	Excellent service, excellent food and the cheesecake is to die for!!! Try the meatloaf.
1	The worse Cheesecake factory among the rest.This Las Vegas branch at the Forum is rock bottom lousy.It seem the management and kitchen team failed to know how to run business when it got busy!!Foods came in badly done!! The team and management were incompetent to run a busy business during busy lunch hour!!I saw many guests were complaining about their order because the servers were removing their foods and bringing a new orders.The unfriendly manager was fed up that he had to visit all these "complain tables"
3	Table wait sign up strange.  Give you a time to come back, for us 10 minutes and then we will seat you.  Came back got past the reception area but then waited another 10 minutes. Why not just have us come back in 20 minutes-oh well I guess it works for them.We had the small salad-not small at all. Good flavor on the dressing.White bean hummus.  Very large size for the price.  Served with Pita bread.  Good flavor and textureFour Seasons Pizza.  Good size for the price.  Served with four different sections-Mushroom, prosciutto, basil and artichoke.  Looked like they used slices of fresh mozzarella cheese too.  Excellent flavors mingled together.  I liked the thin crust.  Slightly chewy and cooked just right.Service was attentive.
4	Yummy, huge portions, and fantastic service. It's a little pricey, but not too bad. The waitress brought us a special slice of wedding cheesecake adorned with candles. Very sweet.
4	I went on a Wednesday night thinking it would be fairly slow but I was wrong! My guest and I got there and were immediately seated which was great. I ordered a steak, not sure which one but it was delicious. It also comes with your choice of french fries, onion rings, mashed potatoes, or a baked potato. I chose the french fries. The service was awesome. Very friendly staff.This was about my 4th visit and I will definitely keep coming back and I will also recommend it!
4	good food came here while waiting for something at the apple storeone of my monthly  favorite places to come tofan of everything-drinks on point
5	All I can say is these guys make the BEST low carb cheesecake ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I visited the Cheesecake Factory (for desserts only) on my trip to Vegas during Halloween and my girlfriend told me they had a sugar free cheesecake, which peeked my interest.  So, I ended up buying two and was hooked.  I've had several others, but none compare to the Cheesecake Factory.  This stuff is to die for, lol...  I've already been back several times in my own home town.  I'm sure the regular cheesecake is just as good if not better, but for anyone on a low carb diet or diabetic, their cheesecake is out of this world!!!!
5	Ordered take-out; A portion of nachos, the seared tuna sashimi salad, and a slice of lemon and raspberry cheescake (after much deliberation).Too many nachos for two people to get through, but the seared sashimi salad got eaten with ease. The cheesecake as expected was divine. Completely refreshed the palate.
4	I've certainly eaten at other Cheesecake Factories around the U.S., so I had an idea what to expect. The Las Vegas location was a pleasant surprise.My boyfriend (vegan) and I (vegetarian) were armed in the knowledge that, with the insanely large menu the Factory boasts, there will surely be something for us here. We shared the lettuce wrap appetizer, and I had the margareta flatbread, then a grown-up milkshake for dessert.Because we ordered the lettuce wrap sans-poultry, the server brought us avocado to sub. This was the most surprising part of the meal: the lettuce wrap consisted of ultra fresh, crisp vegetables and delicious sauces. I would absolutely order this again, though I'm not much for salady wrap things.My flatbread was crisp and warm (it's hard to mess up a margareta pizza, and the Cheesecake Factory provided the standard delicious flavour I'm expecting.) The milkshake included caramel, pretzels, booze, ice cream, whipped cream. An insane indulgence but truly flavourful, and I highly recommend this if (like me) you love the sweet and salty combination.The FORVM Atlantis fountain show in the background can get irritating if you're not seated within the restaurant. (FFS, pick an heir to the kingdom already, aargh.)For a large-scale, affordable (for Vegas) chain-restaurant, Cheesecake Factory offered us surprisingly fresh food and efficient service.
2	Actually, this was my first time at a Cheesecake Factory, and surprisingly, I wasn't that impressed with the food.  Maybe I didn't order the right dish. I ordered a fettuccine alfredo and it was just overall nothing special. I tried to eat as much as I could because it was the last meal before heading to the airport to go back home, and I'd get hungry if I didn't eat.  But anyway, I felt like I could've probably whipped up a better fettuccine alreado at home if I tried. On the other hand, I did like my boyfriend's pasta dish a lot more. We didn't get a cheesecake, since we were already full. (Well, I forced myself to eat as much as I could. haha) Hopefully, I'll be more impressed with another dish or just different location of the Cheesecake Factory.
4	Hubby and I got a CF gift card for Christmas and made a date night out of it. This is, I believe, one of the two cf in Las Vegas. This one was located inside of the Forum Shops at Caesers. Outside of the restaurant was very crowded due to customers going in and out and the little fire show that goes on right outside of the restaurant. I'm glad we asked for seats deeper inside because we ended up getting a 2 person booth which was way more quite and had more of a private feel to it. The service we received here was excellent. Everything we asked for got there in no time by one of the waiters even if we had asked another one of them. We were impressed. The food was good too. I have some chicken pesto pasta dish and my husband got the fish tacos. We both liked our food and the Adios Long Island drinks were strong and awesome. We really had a good time at this place but were just too full by the end to try any of their cheesecake desserts - which means we will have to go back for another visit.
3	As expected, cheese cake factory doesn't really differ much to location. I came here with my friends for lunch since we were in vegas for the weekend.The wait was only 15-20 minutes and since we were there for lunch we weren't sure how the portions were. We only had dinner at cheesecake and never lunch. So we asked about the lunch portions and still it was huge. My friend and I ended up sharing the BBQ chicken cobb salad which I absolutely love and my other friend got their fish and chips.Service was fine. They were quick to get things to your table and our server was super nice. The food was the same as the one near brea mall, but it seemed the one here in vegas paid more attention to it because our salad wasn't drenched in the dressing. It seemed to be perfected dressed and you can taste the different tastes rather than everything having one flavor. That was probably the distinction between the two places which was nice for a change.
5	Absolutely love this restaurant! The menu is overwhelming but I love the variety. My favorite drink is the Georgia peach! Although i didn't taste much alcohol in it but it's delicious!I use to only order the Navajo sandwich which has chicken, avocado, tomato, onions, lettuce in a fry bread. But then I started ordering the MISO SALMON. & Oh my goodness!!! My new favorite dish. Salmon was cooked to perfection, very moist, and was on top of a bead of rice. Surrounding the rice was some kind of creamy white sauce which was amazing and compliments the dish very well, along with chikapeas. I asked the server what sauce it was and she said its some kind of lemon sauce which didn't taste like it at all. Seemed like it has some mayo in it mixed with something else. My mom said it tasted like it had some coconut cream in it. I'll have to ask the server again.I highly recommend the miso salmon!!& of course the love the bread and butter :)
3	Oh it felt so good to sit down. My girlfriend and I had marched up and down the strip, through the hotels, casinos, and shops enjoying all the sights that could be had. But then our legs started to push back against us. We were wondering around the Forum when we realized a break was need. So we stopped in Cheesecake and got ourselves some much needed water and nachos (food in general was need so we went with nachos). The plate was huge and delicious but they may have just been because of my state of mind.Any way this is a pretty normal cheesecake. It looks pretty nice but in reality they are all about the same. I regretted that I was so hungry that I did not try to find a place to eat that does not already exist at home.
5	Best place to eat on the strip.  Great ambiance with the Atlantis show in the middle of the forum shops.  Great service, Great portions!I will be stopping here each year when we visit Vegas.
1	This is THE WORST CF restaurant ever!Its takes the cake for disgusting service and food.we got a table right in between the bathroom and the cutlery draw - LOVELY!when there wasnt toilets flushing there was clanking of the knives and forks to keep us entertained.now on to the food - COLD STALE bread. pasta luke warm with fingerprints all around the side of the bowl. YUK.i will never go to this location again no matter how despirate i am for pasta di vinci~!
4	A fan of cheesecake and have never been here several times and have never been disappointed. Red Velvet is oh so yummy. Food portions are Huge!  Menu is HUGE and could be very overwhelming to some which is why I stick to just the cheesecake
4	In general, I try to avoid chain restaurants because if it is a chain I can eat their food all throughout the country. Also, I have seen Cheesecake Factory's gluten free menu and it contained close to nothing for me to eat without morphing the dish into something remarkably healthy (no sauce, dressing, fries, etc). Now, there are times that I want to be healthy, but that's why I cook at home, not when I go to a restaurant called CHEESECAKE Factory. Therefore, my fiance have avoided this restaurant in Caesar's until St. Patrick's Day when friends wanted something familiar to eat.First, the hostess desk was on top of their game. I got a piece of paper with my approximate waiting time and the time I checked into the desk. They took my phone number to call me when my table was ready which is GENIUS in Vegas. We stayed within the casino, so when they called we came running and the table was ready. Service? It was actually pretty good. I didn't walk away wow-ed by the service, but it was good. Our waters were almost always full, my friends got refills on the bread, butter and alcoholic drinks relatively fast and all went okay. The server split our bills with the greatest of ease since we told him at the beginning of the meal we'd prefer split bills. CF gets the extra 1 star for the host desk organization and service alone.Yes, this menu is impressive. Salads, pizzas, Chinese, Italian and of course, massive amounts of cheesecake. I looked through the menu and saw the plethora of carb-tastic happiness. I saw a stack of onion straws go by me and I remembered my days of gluten-ingesting intestinal pain. However, I think that stack of onion straws, the flatbread and the pasta could absolutely be worth it. The menu for you gluten-lovers is great. Somewhat predictable, but great. My friends eating gluten all loved their food! My fiance got a basic burger, another got the Steak Diane, one got the Kobe burger with American cheese (wrong cheese, but moving forward) and the last guy got the Mac and Cheese burger. I ordered the safest item on the menu for someone that is gluten free which is the lemon and herb chicken with mashed potatoes. It seemed safe at the time, and even though I wasn't starving, I didn't want to be ill for the rest of the night. Nobody complained about their food. Everyone said it was great and that they were completely satisfied with their meals. The fries looked pretty standard. I expected a little more pizazz with their fries since everything else was so extravagant, but they were simple. The burgers did not look appealing to me, and I love beef, but then again, everyone except my fiance ordered their cow medium and that hurts my heart. My chicken? Hands down some of the best chicken I've ever had at a restaurant. The best thing? There were bones in the chicken, but the large ones were removed and the chicken came right off the bone. Don't even get me started on the magic wonder of the lemon butter sauce. I could have clogged my arteries with more of that sauce any day. I didn't get sick from the restaurant, and that chicken may pull me back one of these days. Please feel free to take away the red mashed potatoes which were okay, but nothing exciting and almost didn't deserve to be on the plate with that butter and chicken. Replace the potatoes with more chicken and we're good.I know this one was long, but I like to approach a meal from all different angles. I wanted to give this restaurant 3 stars because for me, the GF options were severely lacking for a major chain restaurant, but what I did eat was great and the restaurant organization was on-point. If you want something that's not specifically Vegas but reliable and perfect for picky eaters, come to Cheesecake Factory and you'll be happy with your choice.
4	This place can be an absolute nightmare to get to as it's at the very, very, very back of the forum shops, but it's worth it.The food is normal Cheesecake Factory fare-the menu is huge. I went for the California Cheesesteak and enjoyed it. No cheesecake this time around, but looking around and seeing folks eating it, it looked delicious.Our server was awesome. Despite juggling a lot of tables during a busy lunch hour, he was on top of his game and got everything right. He really impressed.This is a good choice for lunch or dinner, especially if you're staying in Caesar's.
5	Goooood food!
5	Nothing said...still the best cheesecake
5	Probably my best dining experience in my young life.  I got the cajun pasta and it was sooooooooo amazing.  The service was awesome and the decor made me feel like I was living the life.  No better way to eat after a Day party in the burning hot sun.  The one downfall is how far of a walk it was but I got over that quickly once I tasted my food.  The cheesecake with macadamia I ordered was nothing less than delicious!
3	This is a higher-priced restaurant, without being prohibitive.The food is good.  The waitress we had was competent in her field (and incompetent in the area of personal finance).Worth the visit if you are financially well-endowed.
3	I've been to many a Cheesecake Factory, and this one was no different... And that's a good thing! We went here for lunch, while walking the strip.  The food and service are on par, and you can't beat sitting on the "Patio" and watching the fish and tourists walk by.  You even get some romantic mood lighting and action brought to you in part by the "Neptune, King of the Ocean" Show playing sporadically throughout  your meal.  We got a kick out of this.  I always love the Santa Fe avocado rolls and the Chinese Chicken salad... Sometimes it's good just to go for something you like, and save the "adventurous eating" for dinner that night.
2	It was our first night staying at Caesars and I was a bit worn out from the drive, so I didn't feel like going too far for dinner. At about 8:30 we went into the Forum Shops area and found a number of places that looked good. One of the last we ran across was the Cheesecake Factory. We didn't want anything that fancy and had dined at different Cheesecake Factory restaurants many times so we decided that this would be fine. We ordered a Chicken Caesar salad and a Pizza.While we were waiting, all of a sudden, loud throbbing music filled the indoor courtyard. We asked the server what was going on and were told that the Nike store next door was having a promotion or kick-off of some sort. The music was a non-stop throbbing `new-age' sound which was NOT pleasant.The Pizza was eventually served, but w/out the Chicken Caesar salad. While sharing the pizza, the music suddenly stopped. Yea! A bit of peace and quiet... NOT! Within just minutes there was an explosion and flames coming from the top of the aquarium in the center of the indoor courtyard. Then large animated figurines rose from amidst the flames and went into a `skit' for the people on the other side of the aquarium. It, too, was almost deafening w/ continued explosions and background sounds. As it was directed away from us we could not make out the dialog, just the explosions and screaming.Well, we're on our second piece of pizza and the manager comes to the table stating that the Chicken Caesar salad would be a bit longer. I told him to forget it. He asked if I was sure and I replied, 'yes'. So, as we're starting our 3rd (and last) slice of pizza... out comes the Chicken Caesar salad. Plop... not a word... and the server (not our waiter) walks away. I nibbled at it, but wasn't that hungry and left most in the bowl.Just as we are about to ask for the check the `skit' ends. Yea! A bit of peace and quiet... NOT! The Nike noise returns... along with the check which includes the Chicken Caesar. I run down the server and recant my conversation w/ the manager. He says he'll look into it and after about 5 minutes returns with the check w/o the Chicken Caesar. At this point all we wanted to do was leave, so we didn't wait for change, leaving a 25%+ tip for service worth about 10% and an experience worth avoiding.
3	Instead of fighting the crowd out after a show at the Colosseum, it is better to just get dinner and wait it out. I do not have fond memories of this location. I had a birthday here when I was a teenager, 7 out of 25 of us got food poisoning, and never looked back until now. Almost a decade has passed and a part of me cringed when my friend suggested going here. I wanted to go to the other place known for their desserts in the Forums, but she is allergic to chocolate. Between three of us, we split the Buffalo Chicken Blasts, Skinnylicious Spicy Chicken Salad, and the Everything Pizza with kalamata olives and jalapenos. Overall, the food was decent. It is nothing spectacular. In fact, the only thing that is impressive about it is the sheer amount they give you. We could have probably stuck with two items and splitting between three.
3	When my friend and I first got there, the hostess put our name down and told us to wait and that she'd come get us when our table was ready. We waited about 30min before my friend got up to see how much longer it was going to be. She said she gave away our table because she couldn't find us (we were sitting out front by the aquarium and I feel that she didnt try too hard to look for us).  We waited another 15min and once we sat, we waited some more for our waitress to greet us. By the time I got my meatloaf, I was ready to go. If you are ever in Vegas, do not order meatloaf and do not go to a chain restaurant that you can go to back home. There are alot of better restaurants in Las Vegas!
5	Good food, friendly servers, nicely priced, awesome cheesecake, and if you get to sit outside you get a nice view of the hotel's aquarium. You definitely should stop by. :)
5	Amazing food, amazing service, and the Lemonicello cake is probably the best thing I've ever eaten.  And trust me, I've eaten A LOT.
3	I like the Cheesecake Factory and am impressed that this one does not have the exorbitant prices that I expected for a hotel restaurant in Caesar's.  The food, service, ambiance and prices were all A-OK.  Thus - 3 stars..
1	Worst service on earth. I mean I've been to a few cheesecake factory's in the country and something always goes wrong. Anyway to say the least, went out to this cheesecake with my girlfriend  in mid Feb 2012, I ordered the ribeye with mashed potatoes for my entree. The food came out but my plate didn't have the mashed potatoes on it. The sever said it would be out in a minute, I'm like OK no big deal but 20 min later still no potatoes, didn't even check if my steak was cooked ok!!! 25 min later he showed up with the mashed potatoes and by then i was done with my steak. So what I'm i to do with the potatoes? Maybe next time i go there i'd have to wait a whole hour for a cheese cake, on second thought ill NEVER step foot at the cheesecake. WORST SERVICE EVER
5	Great choices, reasonably priced for the Strip. Food came out fast despite the packed house. We had a great waiter too!   I wanted to order "the Leonard" but it wasn't a menu option.
5	I love the Cheesecake Factory. Went here for my birthday weekend in Vegas. While we waited for a table there was a Bath & Body that had great deals. I was able to pick up some Christmas gifts and Birthday gifts. I had the bbq chicken salad which was great. We didnt have room for desert.
5	My first time eating at "the cheesecake factory", at our surprise we where greeted professionally by the host. Server quickly made sure our wait time didn't surpass 5 mins. We asked for recommendations on a three course meal.. Tex Mex Egg rolls.. Miso salmon.. Hibachi steak.. White chocolate caramel macadamia nut cheese cake.. Quality, Presentation and Tasteful made the best of it.. We also had a little mix with rice preference but the server quickly made a correction.. That's what you call quality service..
3	I mean, what can you say about The Cheesecake Factory?  The best part about going into a Cheesecake is that you know what you're going to get.  Everything's the same - the decor, the menu, etc.  Fortunately, there are so many things on the menu you would have to go there 50 times before you tried everything.  This one is inside the Mall at Caesar's.  Great location.  Friendly staff.  I got the BBQ burger.  It was really good.  Weirdest point of the evening though - I'm trying to remember if all the Cheesecakes are this way, but whatever I can't.  The floor was covered in grease.  Seriously - I was sliding around the joint.  I'm like - what is this Ice Capades?  Cheesecake Factory is the only place in Vegas where you can pirouette while deep throating a burger.  Nothing like a little entertainment with your meal, right?  My advice is for the ladies to hold off on the heels while dining here, otherwise it's a solid meal.
5	This place is always reliable and never disappoints!
3	Why go to the Cheesecake Factory? I mean does it really have something that special on its menu that is worth the trek or the wait for a table? No, it doesn't have the charm and the allure but it does offer a wide ranging menu that is sure to please, decent service, and most off all: consistency. The menu is overwhelmingly large. Whether you want appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pastas, entrees, or more they will have it. Tacos? Shepherd's Pie? Chicken Milenese? Yes, they have it available on their menu. While it won't be the greatest you ever had, it certainly won't be disappointing and offers decent flavors. Service was good and like other locations, its saving grace. We were the last party to be seated and they didn't hesitate to be of service nor did they try to rush us. They were attentive and water glasses never went empty. The food arrived in a well timed orchestration and was where the restaurant clearly shined.All in all it was consistent. It stayed true to the Cheesecake Factory experience and didn't disappoint, yet at the same time didn't wow either.
5	I was in Vegas with my mom and sister for a girls weekend.  This was our last dinner in town.  I had never been to a CF in my life.  It was a Saturday night and we only had to wait about 15 minutes for our table.Once seated, they presented us with menus that could feed an army one at a time.  I believe it was quoted to me at 30+ pages!Our server, Steven B. made the experience phenomenal.  He's adorable, very humorous and ON IT!  By on it I mean he anticipated our every whim all the while still finding time to give other tables around good service.  He kept coming by on his way from another table to crack a joke or two.I have never felt so welcomed at a large restaurant before.  The personalized service would have prompted me to review this place even if the food was mediocre.  Except the food wasn't mediocre.  I ordered a taco salad from the Skinnylicious menu and was shocked at the enormous size AND it was delicious.  I also sampled the Ahi appetizer which was delectable.  My mom ordered a to die for pear martini.Thank you CF for making things such a great experience and a special thanks to Steven B. for being the ULTIMATE in service staff.  You are my hero!
4	Eat here for lunch often - always get treated well by the staff - seated quickly,they are very organized when it comes to seating.  Today, I had the Margarita Pizza,it was very good and very reasonably priced.  They servers always watch our time tomake sure we get back to work within our lunch hour.
4	Awesome prices for awesome portions!!! The menu is huge! I've been eating here for years and never experienced bad service or bad food! The Bistro Rock Shrimp pasta is very tasty, Fish Tacos are filling, Jambalaya Pasta is one of the best, Tex Mex rolls are delicious!!!! The whole menu which is like a bible is wonderfully appetizing!!!! Lines are long get there early for dinner!!!
4	My family visited ceasars palace and ate here. Our waiting time was only ten minutes despite all the people. Our server was the best. He recommended several great dishes. The food was higher than our expections....
4	I'd never been to a Cheesecake Factory before, but I am in Vegas with my kids and I wanted a child friendly place to eat.  This was a pretty good choice. We went there at 8 PM on a Friday night, and there was an anticipated 35 minute wait - but they gave us a piece of paper and told us to come back in half an hour.  That gave us time to check out the nearby stores and watch the "Fall of Atlantis" show right outside.  Unfortunately, it took an extra ten minutes before the anticipated time before we got seated and the kids were quite tired by then.The prices were pretty reasonable. My Monterey burger came with cheese, onions, arugula and avocado an was $12, plus an extra one to substitute the fries with sweet potato fries.  The burger was good, though not as juicy as I'd like it (I ordered it medium rare), but the fries were phenomenal.  My oldest had the pasta alfredo ($7), but she was disappointed by the lack of flavor.  Unfortunately our waiter was too busy so we seldom saw him and we couldn't ask him for Parmessan cheese before she was finished.  My youngest had the kids cheese pizza ($6), which was the size of a regular dinner plate - basically, adult size.  The pizza tasted like an Italian pizza margherita rather than your typical American cheese pizza, so she didn't like it.  I, however, did.  All the portions were large enough that we all took leftovers to our hotel (which fortunately has a kitchenette).Of course, the only reason why the kids were willing to go to the Cheesecake Factory was the name, so we went on to have cheesecake.  The HUGE slices were $7 each, very reasonable IMHO, but I come from a city where food is grossly overpriced.  I had the Adam's Peanut Butter fudge cheesecake, and I would not recommend it.  It was way too sweet to allow for any cheesecake flavor to filter through.  My oldest had the Dulce de Leche cheesecake, which she enjoyed.  I liked it more than mine because it was less sweet, but next time I'll go for the plain cheesecake.  My youngest had the kids hot fudge sundae ($2!).  It was a large enough portion that she couldn't finish it.In all, if you can deal with the wait and share dishes (or take the leftovers home for later), this seems like a good and reasonably priced place to dine in Vegas - no wonder there was such a huge wait!
5	oh-my-gawd, you have to come and try this!i said i've never been to cheesecake factory, so hubby puts this on our to-do list while we're in vegas. the food - amazing! we had a massive salad thing with purple cabbage, jambalaya noodles, red velvet cheesecake, and our own lemonade and tequila LOL. so surprised they let us drink our own cocktail in the restaurant. but omg the food quality was amazing and totally delicious. since my 2011 vegas trip i've subscribed to the cheesecake factory fanpage on facebook and they don't even have any locations in canada! our server, i forget his name, he was like the MOST awesome server. like he's funny, honest, and really helped us out. this is the only time we tipped 30% and were happy about it. okay i only have one bone to pick with this store: bring it to canada!
4	Great food. The lunch portions are huge. If you want dessert, you may need to share an entree.
3	Been to many Cheesecake Factories before but not as impressed with this one. More than likely due to the poor seats we had.(avoid the tables next to the entrance. People who have been sweating in the Las Vegas heat all day line up and sit on the rail next to your face while you eat....). Food was as expected...too much but good. It was very hot and humid outside of the restaurant, next time I will ask to be seated inside. Our waiter very good and friendly. Really liked the Avocado Spring Rolls.
4	I know, I know. If you're on vacation, you should try to eat at non-chain restaurants that are unique to the area and not available elsewhere. But I just couldn't resist eating at The Cheesecake Factory! We were looking for a place to eat breakfast/lunch on a Saturday morning, and so many of the restaurants were packed and had 45-minute waits. So we walked around the Forum Shops, and there was The Cheesecake Factory, a beacon amid a sea of overpriced stores! We had to go in. And get this: No wait for a table!We sat upstairs on the second floor. This place is huge, by the way. Plenty of seating. Their menu is also huge, so bring your reading glasses. For an appetizer, we ordered the Made-to-Order Guacamole, which was very good and came with tortilla chips, salsa and sour cream - all of the necessary condiments to go along with chips!For an entree, I got the Southwest Chicken Sandwich, which had grilled chicken, avocado, tomato, onion, cilantro and chipotle mayo on Toasted French bread. It's also served with jalapenos, but I asked that they don't put them on there, and I'm glad I did because this sandwich definitely had a kick to it. It was really good, though, and I used some of the leftover guacamole from our appetizer on my sandwich, which made it extra good. Then, of course, we had to get cheesecake. I got the Carmel Pecan Turtle Cheesecake. Amazing! The perfect ending to a great meal.
5	I am a Cheesecake Factory fan so this is easy for me.  This one is in the back of the mall (Forum shops) at Cesar's Palace.  I just discovered the buffalo blasts (appetizer) ... You MUST try these!!!  YUMMY!  Solid service and a very consistent menu. Thanks CF!
4	Walking through Cesars Palace we stumbled up Cheesecake Factory.  Was disappointed at first when we were seated upstairs in a small table right next to the kitchen doors where there was foot traffic galore.  We spotted an open booth and they happily moved us.  Thank gosh because it was probably the most awkward place to sit especially on a first date!  Whatever you are looking for, Cheesecake Factory has it.  I become impressed with menus that have options for a lower calorie meal, although 600 calories doesnt seem that low to me!  I ordered the healthy delight salmon with veggies.  I could have finished the entire thing but didn't want to look like a piglet! It was pretty great!  I was very pleased when in the mixed veggies a little bit of squash and eggplant was mixed in, it wasn't your basic green beans and carrots.  Although, there was green beans and carrots!  But it was all so good!  Service was very kind, prompt, although I had to ask 3 times for a straw and still never received one!  The wait on a Friday night wasn't long, I think we got there at a good time because it was packed!
4	I hesitate to give any place 5 stars, so I just went with 4 for now.  But that could change if things improve from last time I went.  I had gone twice previously and hadn't been overly impressed.  It seemed a little overpriced and the food just seemed to be slightly above average.  But we went this past weekend with some family and it was AMAZING.  I tried something that I normally would never get, which was the Cajun Jumbalaya Pasta, and it was incredible.  For an appetizer my wife and I shared the Avocado Egg Rolls, and they too were very good.  To drink I had a Typhoon Punch, which was really tasty.  My wife got the 4 cheese pasta, and she loved it.My only regret was I didn't save room for dessert.  Next time I will!Overall I'm not sure it's entirely worth what we paid (final total came out to $65, which was for 2 pasta orders, 1 appetizer, and my alcoholic drink), but I think we paid a little bit more than most Cheesecake Factory locations due to its location inside Caesar's Palace.  BUT, we will definitely be going again in the future.
5	The waiters are really busy...Pasta Da Vinci was veeery tastyAnd the cheesecake... yummy!
1	Food was OK nothing special. The service was awful.  Host told us it was a 20 minute   wait.  We're still waiting to get a table an hour latter.
2	Considering earlier positive experiences, I was gravely disappointed. First off, you claim you have a full bar, yet you couldn't make a blood and sand. Then when I asked the waitress for a sazarac, she replied that she had no idea what that was before even consulting with the bar. When she did talk to them, they had o idea what it was either. Come onnnnn, thats America's first cocktail. Standard drink. I'm female and fresh out if college, and even I know what it is. A good bartender would've looked it up on their phone or have had a cocktail book stored at their register. After the huge ordeal, I succumbed to the firefly martini... It had tequila so I was good... For the time being...My mom had specifically ordered a medium burger. Not only was her burger late coming to the table, it was also a brick. When we told the waitress, she looked so annoyed with us, grabbed the burger plus my mom's fries, without asking. The very insincere manager came over to tell us he took it off the bill, and offered to grab us something else. Anywhere else would've comped the burger and whatever else we ordered for her wait.My fish and chips were decent...  Not mind blowing. Extreme oreo cheesecake was far too sweet. Considering all the mishaps and the fact it was my mom's birthday, we would've appreciated a comp'ed cheesecake... But I guess the big bad corporate cheesecake factor is far too big for some good old fashioned service... Or at the very least, a happy birthday.
4	Although my boyfriend and I eat at Cheesecake factory often, eating at this location was definitely an out of ordinary experience.Things that went wrong with our meal: first the bread was cold, then one of the dishes went cold while waiting for the other dish to be ready, and finally, I bit into half a toothpick that was accidentally left inside my chicken breast. Yet despite the many mishaps that happened during our meal, our waiter and the manager provided the best service possible and were very apologetic. They redid both our dishes wonderfully and served as a new basket of bread. We even ended up getting the entire meal for free since the manager felt so bad for all the things that went wrong. 4 stars for the second batch of food and service! We will definitely be coming back during our next trip. :)
1	**Warning** Do not order the cooked food here except for burgers and pizzas. It is not edible!! I ordered a cajun jambalaya pasta, a shrimp scampi and their potato soup. Words cannot describe how awful they all were.... I sent back both of these entrees in exchange for a turkey sandwich  for lunch. I gave them two chances but I had to send back my food twice.The Cheesecake factory in Riverside, NJ is waaaaaay better!
3	went here two days in a row with my friends while spending the weekend in Vegas, sort of got dragged along the 2nd time.  Honestly, their food is decent, but too plain in my opinion, I wasn't wowed by anything.  The first time I had the spicy crispy chicken sandwich, which was tasty, but again, nothing crazy.  Second time I had pasta with meat sauce, maybe my fault fault for not ordering something more exotic, but again nothing I couldn'tve made at home.  The meals are at least affordable.  And while their HUUUGE portions could be a plus for some people, I really think they should scale them down a bit.  Seriously, we were a party of 9, and I think the food we didn't finish could've fed a company of soldiers for a day.  And we ordered one entree each with two or three appetizers to share.  One last thing that made me give them 3 stars was that a buddy of mine ordered Eggs Benedict, and the thing came drenched in Hollandaise sauce.  Literally, you couldn't see what was underneath.  Anyways, just like the rating says, A-OK, but I wouldn't go there again with everything else that Vegas has to offer.
4	Great menu and great staff. Sit inside for a quieter dining experience. I eat here often and have had only one meal and waiter that weren't that great, it's always been top notch except that one time and the Manager made it right. Great place for a long business lunch. The more experienced staff seems to also be in the back area of the restaurant. I'm a big fish eater and they have some of the best dishes in town. Pass on the Gordon Ramsay Pub and eat here instead, if you want a great meal for the price you pay.
4	Hunnie Bunnie seems to be OBSESSED with the Bow tie pasta in marinara sauce here!! It's date night and she chose Cheesecake Factory. AGAIN. SHOCKER!! I decided to try the one in the Forum Shops since it is a little closer than going to Boca Park. We actually got seated pretty quickly here. Usually we wait a good thirty minutes at the Boca Park spot. We got a table for two outside of the restaurant so there was some really good people watching. This is RIGHT outside of the Caesar's show thing they do so it did get a little darker and noisier when the show was happening but it doesn't last TOO long. Camille had her usual, Bow tie pasta in marina and loved it. And I ordered my usual: Chicken Chipotle Pasta. I felt like it wasn't as spicy as when I usually get it and it was definitely saucier, watery if you will. It was still delish but I've had it on better days. I also ordered a Red Sangria and it was delish! We will definitely be back to this location though!
3	I would give this Cheescake Factory location a better review if they had handled our large group a little better.  They don't take reservations and we had a party of 13.  They gave us the runaround for at least 1.5hrs regarding when we'd be seated.  We tried to kill time in the mall but it truly was a painful wait.  It was moderately frustrating to watch people show up, eat a meal and leave.Aside from this, everything else was great.  The Grilled Chicken Tostada Salad is massive and I had second meal with my leftovers.  The Mango Key Lime Cheesecake is tart and delicious.  I wasn't expecting the crust to include coconut.  I do think they add waaaay too much whipped cream to the plate.  Most people who had desert hardly touched it and it seems like a huge waste.     Our server was friendly and swift.  I don't know if this is normal because they may have been kissing our butt due to the seating issue.  Either way, the experience once we sat down was lovely and I'd definitely return, with a much smaller group this time.  I wouldn't go back with a party larger than 4 or 6.
4	I have been coming to this Cheesecake Factory for as long as I can remember haha It's huge with a "patio" area and 2 floors~ Inside is very beautiful too I hate how the restrooms are located upstairs though.. The wait can be long at times so we only come at odd times now.. I know people tend to hate on chain restaurants but I think CF is one of the better ones.. Their portions are huge and the food is tasty. Must Haves:-Chicken Madeira: Everyone's favorite. Its just 2 chicken breasts with madeira sauce, cheese, mushrooms, asparagus and mashed potatoes.. If I'm trying to watch what I eat I substitute the mashed potatoes for broccoli.. -Cajun Jambalaya Pasta: It is not too overly spicy and has just the right amount of kick.-Chicken Lettuce Wraps: If I want something healthy-ish that's not a salad I get this dish.. It's huge so it will fill you up.. They even have noodles as one of the toppings.-Carlton Salad: It's tasty and fresh but the dressing has a very strong sesame oil taste so you may want to ask for the dressing on the side or another dressing.-Bread: Love their bread.. Especially the sweet brown one mmmmm haha-Strawberry lemonade: Sugar rimmed glass.. perfect for a hot Vegas day Service is always friendly and it's a fun place to people watch after or before you shop at Forums~ HOT TIP: If you decide to get a salad you can swap out lettuce for mixed field greens free of charge.. yummmm ;]]]
4	This is my first Cheesecake Factory. There's a show that involves moving sculptures right outside that runs at an increment amount of time. Anyways, I just found out this restaurant serves more than just cheesecakes. But, it didn't matter because I just come here to try out their amazing different types of chessecakes.
5	Before coming to Cheesecake Factory, I HATED cheesecake, but so many of their options (I think there is about 50 of them) are so knock-out good that it doesn't feel like you're eating a typical cheesecake.One of the biggest pluses about this place is the selection, they have so much on their menu across all types of cuisine that it's literally in a spiral bound notebook.  I kept getting a four cheese pasta until I asked the waiter for other suggestions and since then, I have still never been disappointed with the food.I don't come here as often as I like since the locations are far away and the wait is normally long, but it is well worth all of that for the food!
4	Any place that has "cheesecake" in it's name is a gold sticker in my book.But really, this place is awesome. Of all the multiple times I've been here, there have only been a few times where the wait is kinda long, and it will be for you too, especially if you're there during the early evenings or/and the weekends.Me and my friends typically make our way to this place around 9 or so, about an hour before it closes and the place is usually not that crowded, or winding down. We seem to typically get our food faster this way.But screw the food, we all know I come here for the cheesecake. I've had the red velvet, the chocolate godiva, the tiramisu, and jacked some banana creme from my friends plate. No not in one sitting you asshole, over multiple visits! I've never had any complaints. It's so delicious that even if I'm too full after a meal, I'll still take cheesecake to go. Chocolate Godiva cheesecake is the cheesecake of gods and it descended from the heavens into this restaurant and if you don't eat it, you're wrong. Forshame!The food can be hit or miss. Typically their Asian cuisine is pretty spot on. It may not be authentic, but it sure is tasty. I think the only bad thing I've ever really had here is the chicken and biscuits. It's like, swimming in gravy, and I hate soup. Their veggie burger is kinda sad too, just fell apart in my hands. Steak is definitely the way to go.The alcoholic drinks are good game too. While a bit pricey, I can slurp down 4 of those orangy-fruity things before the meal gets there.
3	I usually try to avoid going to the Strip as much as I can when visiting, because I hated being around the strip when I lived there, and I sure do not love it even now. However, my friends insisted on going to the Cheesecake Factory for brunch, and I haven't actually eaten at a Cheesecake Factory before (except that one time I tried their cheesecakes, which were pretty good), so sure, why not.Located inside the Forum Shops at the Caesars Palace, this is definitely a touristy place. It's huge with lots of seating and it's located right in front of that aquarium thing with the show every hour or so. Actually, we chose to seat outside, and one of those shows started playing, which could be a bit annoying since they dim all the lights and it's really loud. Anyway, back to the food. I got the French toast. Overall, it wasn't bad. It was cooked well and the inside was nice and custardy. It wasn't too sweet either, which I really don't like on my French toasts, so that was a good thing! It was ok, didn't blow me away, but wasn't disappointing either.The service was great. Our server was patient with us and regularly refilled our drinks. He even informed me that my food was going to take a while to be served, since the first batch got burnt. I definitely appreciated him letting me know that. Overall, food was decent and priced not outrageously. Service was nice! It's definitely one of those touristy places though. So if you're visiting, this would be a great place to dine. However, if you don't like touristy places, or just don't like being at the Strip, then you might want to consider someplace else.
4	I have been visiting this Cheesecake Factory long before I moved to Las Vegas. The multiple levels is a architectural design element not seen in other restaurants, but is necessary because they get so much traffic. It is located at the very end of The Forum Shops commected to Caesars Palace.Having to wait to get in and the long journey it takes to get to this location from the casino, are the only two drawbacks. Everything else, including the staff and food have always been good.It is near a large aquarium and an animatronic show with fire and water, so those help to pass the time. If you are walking around Las Vegas and want to enjoy a nice dinner from a restaurant you know, try this one out.
5	We eat here every time we come here to Vegas to visit and always ask for Mike.  He is a great server.  Food was outstanding and I had asked them to make the Chicken Madeira the old way they used to, and they went out of their way to do that.  It was awesome.  Awesome service, awesome food.
2	I have been to many cheesecake factories but this one was very disappointing. The way the hostess keeps track of customers and the random order of being seated was rude. The only thing I liked was their new skinnylicious menu and our waiter. Recommend skipping this location.
4	This review is for the oreo cookie milkshake and key lime cheesecake very good....Nom Nom Nom
4	Delicious mall food in a great location!! Always a good choice
5	Lunched here on June 4, 2013Fried Mac & Cheese is TO DIE FOR.  I can have that and their complimentary bread and call it lunch. Mmmmm!!!  Didn't get any cheesecake this time... :(Son had the calamari and loved it. Came with some fried mini octopus but he didn't eat those. LOL
4	Food is really good but also really heavy. There is no way you can look good in a tube dress after eating here. The portions are always generous (even on the kids menu) so come hungry. Everything is yummy! Pastas can't be beat
5	Pretty much every dish I have ordered from their very big menu has been good.  They have variety for everybody, good prices, good service, good drinks and good cheesecakes!  What is not to like?About this specific location, it is very busy with long wait times.  I honestly prefer going to the off the strip locations.  My favorites are the crab wontons, the avocado rolls, chicken taquitos, the lousiana chicken pasta, herb crusted salmon, jamaican shrimp, shrimp scampi, and stuffed chicken tortillas!....The brown bread served is really good as well as their soups.  Every time I have visitors and I have taken them there, they have absolutely loved it!
4	Everything was excellent. Started with the Buffalo Blast appetizer! Amazing! The pizza and soup,were both good and of course the cheesecake was outstanding. The service was excellent and we waited less than 5 minutes to get in. The only problem I had with it (as seems to be the case with many restaurants in Vegas) is actually finding it.
5	When I stumbled into The Cheesecake Factory while checking out the shops inside The Forum Shops at Caesars, all I could think about was Penny and the guys from The Big Bang Theory. I abso-freakin-lutely love this show so you can imagine how stoked I was to find this place. Nothing else mattered at that moment... I had to try it!I went there twice and loved it both times. The First time was for dinner (and dessert as well merci beaucoup!) - I had their kobe burger w/ fries and it was pretty good. For dessert, I had their original cheesecake w/ Graham Cracker Crust and Sour Cream topping.... So good!The second I went was in sometime in the morning and all I wanted was another cheesecake so I sat down and said to the waiter: "Cheesecake please.." He recommended the Vanilla Bean cheesecake so I went with that and it was amazing!I wish we had one in Melbourne.. I really like it - the staff are very nice, I like the setup (nothing too formal nor too casual). It's a great place to chill and the price is quite reasonable too... I highly recommend it.
3	This Cheesecake Factory location was very busy with a long wait- though our table was ready when they said it would be. The dulce de leche Cheesecake was 5 stars for sure- everything else from service to food was good, not great. We definitely had enough leftovers for another full meal, which made the price right.
4	The Cheesecake Factory!It was my first time at the Cheesecake Factory and I was SO looking forward to having a heavenly slice of cheesecake. Of course I was there for lunch so I had to order and actual meal before getting to dessert. The portions they give you here are MASSIVE! Food quality was great, it was yummy and price point was good too.We had a hard time figuring out what we wanted as the menu features so many different options. I ordered a slice of cheesecake to go and ate it in my hotel room. nomnomnom.
4	always good!!!portions are huge. my friend order a cobb salad and it was enormous. i had a delicious turkey sandwich... it is definitely a spot to go when you get sick of the buffets.
4	this place has great food and amazing customer service. a customer was lashing out at a waitress just a couple feet away from my table. and after the incident the manager Rob walked over to us and apologized for what we had to see. It was very kind of him to do that.
5	Great experience here tonight! Located in Forum Shops in Caesars Palace, this place seemed a bit quiet compared to the CF at home in San Diego. We ordered all appetizers: Avocado Eggs Rolls (my favorite--always amazing), Tex-Mex Egg Rolls, roasted artichoke, fried chicken sliders and a  combo of fried avocado, zucchini & portobello mushrooms. Great service from Scott. Food was awesome & we had great cocktails too.
5	Long wait but was worth it. Had fetticini Alfredo and strawberry smoothie. It was all good. Worth the time and cash.
3	Very nice location. Two-floors. Came here with a very large group of about 30 people without prior notice. The waiters split us into three smaller groups which we did not mind. Two groups were next to each other. The other group was across a walkway. We were fortunate to get the waiter who was probably new. He seemed to be a little panicked while the other waiter looked like he knew what he was doing. As for the group I was in, we had to wait a long time between ordering our drinks then ordering our food. This cause us to be the last finishing our food while the other group was ready to head out the door. Other than the service, the food was as expected...Good! I give the food four out of five stars. Service was a two out of five.
5	Never did I actually think going to The Cheesecake Factory would be one of my highlights of my Vegas trip recently for a convention. Not only did we have one of our better nights here, but we actually spent about 4 hours sitting at the bar. No lie. That was our second night in a row there. Our first night, we came for dinner and didn't feel like waiting 45 minutes for a table. We quickly snagged a corner seat at the bar and were helped by Jeremy (The guy that looks like "the guy from Jarhead" aka Jake Gyllenhaal). We both ordered the fish tacos, but Jeremy suggested the plate was big and we could probably split it, which we ended up doing and didn't regret it because it was a LOT. The only gripe I would have is that the rice was strange. I have no idea what was in it, but it was strange. He was quick and attentive-- perfect dinner service! The next night, we opted going straight to the bar again, and were helped by Jose & William. William, hands down, knows which dishes are worth getting and will steer you away from something you may regret ordering later. HANDS DOWN this guy's got the menu memorized. I even was able to test his knowledge about what was in certain dishes, and he was able to answer without hesitation; and if anyone's ever been in the Cheesecake Factory, you know their menus are 80-page books. He was able to suggest the Miso Salmon & the Veggie Salad, both of which we ordered and were NOT disappointed (seriously, order these items). He can also make a mean "Jolly Rancher" shot! Jose was one of my favorite bartenders... basically ever. This guy's been bartending for 8 years, and you can really tell. He has an awesome attitude, a great smile, and is efficient as heck (he also bartends events, so if you're ever looking to find someone to do your event, he's your man!) He can make great conversation, tell some insane stories, but will still finish the hundreds of drink orders that are coming in. I feel like after the 4 hours we spent sitting at the bar, we made some great Cheesecake Factory friends. I wish this particular CF were local, but alas, anything in Vegas stays in Vegas, and I guess that goes for the bartenders/service we've had here. Until we decide to have many more glasses of wine at the Cheesecake Factory in the Forum Shops; cheers!
5	the food is consistent just like all the other Cheesecake Factory.  We had a late start so we had brunch.  I ordered the Mini Egg Breakfast $9 and fresh Orange Juice.  The food was good and the orange juice was full of pulp I had 2 glasses.
4	Love the place!! This exactly whats needed after a long day exploring the strip & shopping. Staff are super friendly & overall the place is aesthetically pleasing. Usually pretty busy so you may end up waiting a while but the foods worth it. Got some buffalo chicken strips & guh... Big portions, yet so damned tasty ... & I still don't like celery regardless of what its dipped in. Refreshing smoothies to boot with care taken in regards to allergies. Tried the vanilla bean cheesecake, it was lovely & light. I'm gutted we didn't get to try all of the cakes the bakery looked amazing!!!!! Reasonably priced as well & overall pleasant experience, so I have no complaints asides from potentially long waits.
4	The food is solid 5 stars, the service however is 3 at the most. Therefore, we'll split the difference and give this location 4 stars. The place is huge, two stories in fact, so it could easily accommodate a crowd. Food was great with huge portions, but like I said earlier the service was slow and the waiter was not attentive at all.
3	I tend to stay away from chain restaurants but after calling other booked restaurants and not wanting a full meal we decided on CCF.  We had a salad and cake at the bar.  Our server/bartender was great...and cute.  I would go back for lunch but I learned my lesson about making reservations early.
5	Excellent service, bread was hot and fresh, pizza cooked to perfection and price was very reasonable
5	We were given a gift card for the Cheesecake Factory as a wedding gift & figured, well hell, let's use it for a meal while we are in Vegas on our honeymoon. Las Vegas is an expensive city so I won't say no to a little bit of help to buy some food!First of all, let me start out by telling you about our waitress. Her name is Alicia & let me just say that this girl really knows her stuff. She knows the menu well & is very informative. She went above & beyond in her customer service. Her amazing job is enough to make me consider going back the next time I am in town & for me to give their location a 5 star Yelp rating.Their portion sizes are incredible. I ordered the fish taco's, which easily could have fed two people. My husband & I both left with to-go boxes. The food was delicious & the drinks were great.  I was a little angry with myself because I ate too much of my dinner & could not order cheesecake! I should have taken some to go. The presentations of the desserts are lovely!
5	One of the reasons why I love Cheesecake Factory is that it is consistent. No matter which CF I go, whether its in the same city or different states, their dishes taste the same at every location. The menu seems never ending, with more than 200 selections! Their portions served are very big, you'll definitely have some to take home. Gets pretty crowded, wait time could be kinda long so I started to sit at the bar.My favorite dish so far would have to be the Famous Famous Meatloaf. Make sure to order more caramelize onions to go with that! Favorite cheesecake would be a tie between the White Chocolate Macadamia Nut and the Ultimate Red Velvet. I would never be able to finish a slice by myself, definitely made for sharing. Should probably order a glass of milk to wash it all down too, its pretty rich. Their CF original frosting tastes like heaven!
4	Well it is the same as everyother cheesecake factory in existence. Food was good, staff was friendly, and prices are reasonable. Only complaint is that the menu is almost as long as a bible.
4	Always good avacado eggrolls, ice tea, and chicken teryaki. A good choice everytime. This location is busy but you can walk around after a meal.which is a plus.
5	We didn't have to wait long even on a busy Friday. The food was good and the service was great!
4	This restaurant is so good! I love the Teriyaki Chicken and rice dinner. The only reason I give this restaurant four stars is because it is always so busy. They don't offer call ahead seating and don't do reservations, so the wait can be long. It's definitely a good place to eat though! Sit out front so you can see the statue show and aquarium!
3	I'll start with the customer service, unfortunately this is what makes it 3 stars.  We had a big group of around 15 people, and yes, they do not take reservations but we did call to let them know about when a 15 people group would be there.Long story short, there was no table for us when we got there, which is fine, but the hostess was so rude and said it will be an hour and forty five min., she said there was only one table that would fit that many people, we asked if they could push a few tables outside together and she said no.My coworker got a little upset and asked to talk o the manager, come to find out the wait was not going to be even close to that long and they would push two tables together for us.  So the 1 and 45 min wait time suddenly was only 15 min!!!Our waitress was great, very sweet and nice.  We came here as a part of our company Christmas party and we work in a restaurant so we sometimes can be hard to make happy, especially our servers lol but she did great and there were no complaints!!!Food. was. soooooooo. good !!!!!!!!!!!!! omg!!! everyone ate everything off their plates!!!  Fast hot fresh food, great portion sizes and fair prices!!!I will def go back!!!
5	The Cheesecake Factory, located in the Caesar Shops was a wonderful place for lunch .  We had a Factory Nacho Plate and a Fig and Bleu Cheese Flatbread which were both eye-catching and delicious!We were also served a basket of warm, tasty bread with fresh butter. As a bonus we were able to dine outside which allowed us to enjoy the large aquarium and the Roman God animated display which is a well-known part of Caesar's Palace.
4	We stumbled across the Cheesecake Factory amongst the general madness of the Caesar Forum shops and were very quickly seated as the rest of the line were larger groups than our two. The server was really friendly helpful and gave good tips on what to see and do in Las Vegas.I'm impressed that there were so many choices on the menu, it must be a logistical nightmare to maintain. I ordered pasta and meat sauce which was huge but as I was starving the whole lot was polished off quickly. Sadly this left no room for dessert.
4	Excellent food and service! My only objection was that we were a party of 2 and a party of 2 that came in after us was seated before we were. But, the wait time for a table was 5 to 10 minutes. I was in Las Vegas for 8 days and I have to say that was the quickest we got into any restaurant on the strip. Our waiter was very attentive and made sure our drinks were kept full. The atmosphere is beautiful but it is rather loud. We happen to get there when the Atlantis show was going on which made it even louder. The food was excellent. It was hot, great tasting and plenty of it. I left full and with a doggy bag. I spent close to the same amount I spent at Gordon Ramsay's Pub and Grill that I only got three tiny sliders and ail at. Here I had appetizers, main course and desert. I would highly recommend here and would dine here again.
3	Service here isn't bad. The food is pretty decent. We decided done here bcz we couldn't make up or minds. This is what we finally agreed on. It's late. We're all hungry. The food here is generally consistent. We dine here bcz it's a familiar restaurant chain. Don't ask me for a particular dish. I always order different.
4	I came here with a friend and decided to sit at the booth. Jeremy served us from the bar & made the experience. My friend and I both ordered the grilled fish tacos. The server suggested we share the plate considering there were 4 large tacos. The suggestion was spot on! The tacos were delicious and the perfect portion size. A glass of chianti and the fish tacos from this place won't disappoint!
4	The food and service is always great when we come here. We got the garlic cheese bread as an appetizer: excellent!I got the mushroom burger, which was delicious since I'm a big mushroom lover. For dessert, I got the red velvet cheesecake... Amazing!! We will be back!
1	Do NOT eat here if you are gluten free.  I ordered a burger from the gluten free menu and they served it on a wheat bun.
3	Standard CCF operation with super over whelming menu.  I get a huge headache after looking at everything.  Do i want one of their 20 salads, 20 burgers, 20 sandwiches, 50 apps?  You get the point.  There are hundreds of items on the menu.I guess it's a "safe" option to take someone b/c you can find something for everyone.  The service was pretty slow on a Thurs late night.  Overall this location is what you would expect from Cheesecake.  The desserts are obv awesome and I like the firecracker salmon app.
1	So tonight was CONFUSING. I walked in, gave my name, waited by the bakery. My name was called. I was told to walk upstairs. I waited AGAIN upstairs. And then asked to sit in an overcrowded, stuffy, overflow room.  And get this, the table was a small 2 top right outside of the kitchen. Literally, 3 steps out of the kitchen. Lord forbid a waiter trip or a cup of coffee slip off of a tray, scolded wouldn't even be the word.Myself and my guest I was with, just left.   As we walked down the grand staircase, we walked past a manager that didn't even take the time to say goodbye or ask about the meal. The gentleman that directed us upstairs didn't even take the time to ask why we were leaving so soon, but instead "I hope you enjoyed your meal!" Bro, we weren't even here for more than 10 minutes.Ultimately, I get that this location in Vegas is busy, but why is that? Cheesecake factory is a staple in every major city, patrons will eat there no matter what city they are traveling to.  But what i don't get is how the customer service can waiver between the different locations.  Just because the Vegas location stays packed from open to close, shouldn't mean that the hostess cannot take an extra moment while asking a name, "just to let you know, we are seating in the upstairs overflow room, is that okay? Or would you prefer to wait for a table on the first floor?"  This one question would have given me a 5 star experience because I would have elected to walk up approximately 42 stairs and sit in a separated environment.
4	Just plain good.  I stopped in at Ceasars Palace location in the Forum for a quick lunch.  I am addicted to the Iced Mint Green Tea, and usually start with the Tuna Tartare.  For a non-sushi restaurant, it is not surprising to get a bad order of tuna that has been sitting around just a bit too long, but Cheesecake Factory has never let me down.Today I deviated from my usual Garlic Shrimp Pasta, and tried the Enchiladas.  3 nicely done tortillas filled with chicken, and smothered in melted cheese, with a side of beans and cilantro rice.  Great fuel for the long walking distances in Vegas!
5	I must confess that I am a diehard Cheesecake Factory fan!  Unless the service is very bad, I will not give them less than 4 stars.  This specific location inside Caesars Palace holds a special place in my heart, but I will not go into specifics.  Suffice it to say that I love this place!Normally, I get here before it gets too crowded.  Sometimes I will have to wait, but it is worth the wait.  Will just wait and people watch or browse around some of the Forum shops til it is our turn.The menu reads like a small book.  It can get confusing at times cause everything sounds so good.  Every appetizer and entree that I have had has not disappointed.  All are above average, and the portions are huge so come hungry.  Of course, a meal here is not complete without dessert.  I will always save room for a slice of cheesecake.  If it means that I cannot finish my entree, then I will just take home the leftovers and enjoy it the next day.  I have tried over a dozen of their cheesecake flavors.  My current favorites are Dutch Apple Caramel Streusel cheesecake, White Chocolate Caramel Macadamia Nut cheesecake, and White Chocolate Raspberry Truffle cheesecake.I only have one complaint.  Stop discontinuing my favotite sandwiches.  They used to make a three cheese Grilled Cheese sandwich which was awesome.  They also used to make a Monterey Cheeseburger which was the bomb.  I truly miss those two items.  With that being said, every time we return to Caesars Palace, going to this Cheesecake Factory is a must.  Many good memories here.
5	this place is awesome. they have an extensive menu with a wide assortment of items, even a 'skinny' menu with low calorie items. the food is always delicious, the service fast & friendly. the atmosphere is beautiful and makes it seem like a more expensive place than it is. you can even sit outside on nice days.
4	No different than any other Cheesecake factory. I love the Cheesecake Factory. It's an American staple and I adore it. This one was interesting because it had that absolutely bizarre fountain outside it and there was no wait. INCREDIBLE!
3	I ordinarily don't go to Vegas to eat at restaurants that I can eat at home but my first day in Vegas and I was just looking for some quick reasonably priced lunch before I went shopping so I settled for here. I came right as it opened and there was already a line forming to get inside. The seated everyone pretty quick though and had more than enough staff to accommodate everyone. I ordered the calamari and it was good. Ive had it before so I knew what to expect. My server was excellent. She was attentive the whole time and I always had what I needed. I was looking forward to enjoying their s'mores galore cheesecake but was very disappointed that they ran out. I wold think that at the beginning of the day they would have all flavors available so that was annoying. I opted for the white chocolate raspberry and I was not impressed. I expected to be better than it was so that was a bust. I did not spend a lot of time there. I just kind of got in and got out kind of thing so there is nothing else to really review. It was a pretty basic visit. Honestly I highly doubt that I would go back because there are better places to eat in Vegas that I don't have access to at home.
4	Busy location but the surroundings are interesting enough to keep you busy while you wait for a table. Aquarium in the Caesar's Forum shopping centre is a good place to sit.The wait for lunch was only 10 minutes and the service was friendly and quite helpful, with advice offered on customizing our orders - the advice turned out to be well worth it.  Our meals were served in a timely manner and they were delicious.  A very good Cheesecake Factory location that is worth visiting just for the surroundings. The standard Cheesecake Factory decor really blends well with the Roman setting of Caesar's Palace.I know its a chain, but it is a good one with a great variety of tasty meals that allows you to satisfy everyone in your party with individual choices.
5	Great place to eat, we had a party of 7, and had a 40 minute wait for a table. It was worth it, a bit on the noisy end but the food was excellent and so was the service!
5	This is one my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. I will never be embarrass to bring someone over here. There's plenty of choices in the menu and their cake is awesome!!! spelled like "AWE-SOME"!
4	We came here for a late dinner. The reason this is not a 5 start review is because the food is not fantastic.  We had Jeremy and Jose as our waiters at the bar. They were awesome guys. We spoke about Hawaii worth Jose. The stuffed mushrooms have breadcrumbs in it is we had to return that. I hate wasting food. We also just shared the luau salad.  It was decent. But the service made up for the food. Thanks guys.
4	Amazing hospitality from the entire staff. From the hosts to the bussers everyone made our experience wonderful. Even the manager stopped by to check on us. Can't say enough nice things about this place. Save room for cheesecake!
3	This Cheesecake Factory is like all of the others. Consistent.  That is actually what made McDonalds famous- consistency.  It's very crowded, quite loud, and if you are lucky enough to get a patio seat you will be treated to the Poseidon show complete with smoke, water and flames. My husband went with a chicken pasta dish, and I opted for the chicken tostada salad.  Both were good as usual.  The service was excellent, as it should be in a big hospitality based town.   Is it flash, fancy or different-no, but if you are looking for a quick meal without breaking the bank, then here's your place.
4	Top to bottom- very, very good!Food, service and value. Inside the Forum Shops make it doubly as fun!Don't miss it.Although the day I was there the womens bathroom was flooded and I got some gross stuff on my feet...yuck!
5	This place was really nice! The drinks were really strong and the food was delicious. The waitress was sweet and she was really attentive. She made sure our drinks said full amd we never had to ask for much. I will come here every time I'm in Las Vegas. I was seated within 15 minutes and I was delighted.
4	I love the cheese cake factory! Great price, great portion, great taste! I used to go all the time, but then I moved (thank god). But I'd go back for this cake! My favourite was the 4 cheese pasta and the original cheese cake
5	I recently made my visit to Las Vegas, Nevada. In the past I have always made my visits to the Cheesecake Factory. I ordered their "chicken picata entree" which was awesome, it consisted of lemon flavored chicken (mixed/ cooked with other high quality ingredients) and angel hair pasta. The majority of their menu is outstanding to choose from however it matters most of what you are in the mood for or ask the server to give you the best ideal selections. The customer service is stellar as well as the prices (not too steep). For the service and the food quality this place usually tops/ does better than the other 5 star rating restaurants within the Vegas strip and you wont over spend your money. The location is inside the Caesar's palace mall (forum shops) nearby the aquarium. Again they usually do a great job getting you situated upon arrival however I usually visit them during the middle of the week.
5	This is a must see if you're a Canadian. Every time we're in the States, we make it our mission to find a Cheesecake Factory. The menu is huge and everything I've ever tried is delicious. The portions are also huge and the price is extremely reasonable. Make sure to take a doggy bag because you MUST save room for dessert! Their cheesecake is heavenly! We had the Vanilla Bean Cheesecake and I've never tasted something so delicious in my life. The service is also always great here as well and they give you bread before your meal. What more could you want in a restaurant. My only criticism is that they don't have any locations in Canada. I beg you Cheesecake Factory, please come to Canada!
4	The food was great, and you can hear the show happening over the aquarium near by. The waiter seemed to have quite a few tables, but still did a good job of checking on our table of 7. Everyone was happy with their food, and unhappy with their desserts. Too sweet overall. Oh well. My only problem was that they overcharged my card, though I'm hoping it's fixed soon. Overall I recommend this location.  The shepherds pie and crab cake bites were tasty.
3	For a cheesecake factory restaurant I was very in displeased. The waiter didn't bring out the bread basket until we asked for it and my Cuban sandwich had roast fat instead of roast beef. This was the most discouraging meal I've had from the cheesecake factory and is not typical of their food quality or service.
5	I'm not a fan of chain restaurants for many reasons but I'll give an exception this time. For an appetizer I ordered the Portabella Mushroom Avocado and Zucchini Fries oh sooo good! Seriously you have to try it! For my main course meal I choose Evelyn's favorite pasta! Now I can say why it was her favorite! It's now mines too! Lol pasta was more of a vegan dish since it had Penne Tossed with Broccoli, Oven-Dried Tomato, Roasted Eggplant, Peppers, Artichoke, Kalamata Olives, Garlic and Pine Nuts. Ahh sooo good! And lastly for dessert my server suggested to try out their tiramisu cake, I enjoyed it it was full of flavor very moist and could definitely taste the coffee the only bad thing I'd say was the waiting time it took about 50 mins to be seated we were given a receipt with a check back in time. We however used that time to walk and browse around the forum shops :)
4	This restaurant really lives up to previous reviews. The restaurant is huge, and there are a ton of staff. The menu is a bit too big, but everyone will find something they like. I had the chicken bellagio, and it was delicious. My husband had the chicken madeira, and he loved it too. The portions were gigantic though, and it feels like such a waste. I only managed to eat about half. We shared the chocolate mousse cheesecake and the chocolate tuxedo cream cheesecake, and both were amazing. I'm always impressed when such a big and busy (and afforable) restaurant can produce food this good. Be warned the location can be a bit noisy, and I definetly recommend being seated inside. It's a busy place as well, but we only had to wait 15 minutes to be seated when we came on a Monday night.
3	my husband is a picky eater and he loved his meal, chicken and biscuits or something like that... although the server did not allow him to get a beer becaus he didn't have i.d. although he is clearly over 30, and the restaurant was pretty noisy based on the servers/bussers clanging dishes/silverware very loud while cleaning tables, but the food was pretty good and the service was prompt.
5	Heerlijk gegeten weer hier. De meest uitgebreide kaart die je je maar kunt bedenken met alleen maar pareltjes van gerechten. Kwalitatief hoogstaand. Zal aantal foto's plaatsen van favoriete gerechten
5	OMG!!! This place is delicious!!!! My fave the California Cheese Steak with fries! Portions are super large...good luck having room for their awesome desserts!
5	This place is by far my favorite !!!! I ordered the fried Mac n cheese and onion rings !! I was so full I didn't have room for cheese cake :( the staff was fast and friendly and the place was very clean and inviting!
4	Favorite restaurant in Vegas! Food was amazing!!! Loved their angel hair pesto like pasta with chicken. So good! Loved their bread basket esp the rye, really fresh! Just disappointed to one of our visits as our waitress never served them. Their shrimp and fries, chicken strips with corn on the side were good! Portion sizes were huge! Can't beat their desserts! Red velvet and carrot cheesecake were fantastic! Really recommend these 2 flavors.
5	Amazing food, amazing restaurant, amazing service! Just outside of the restaurant there is a show that happens every hour or so which you can view from your seat. All in all  one of the better cheesecake factories.
4	The food was great, the service was excellent, the place was clean, and i really enjoyed the fresh ambiance.The only problem was they didn't  pre bus my table.
4	Probably the best value resto @ Caesar's lol without breaking an arm and a leg.  Sure it's not dirt cheap, nor should it be for such a higher-end casual chain, but at least you're not paying $50 per entree @ Gordon Ramsay, but I digress.The usual pricing and big portions.Located at the way back from the Forum Shops, and liked what they did with their patio; it's massive enough to soak in all the eye candy that Vegas has to offer at this time of year.  Don't know possibly how one review said it's quiet in here.
4	Love this place! Came here last year and this year as well when I visited Vegas. I love the pasta here. The cheesecakes are great too, but it is super sweet. If you come at the right timing, they have a show in the evening on top of the fish tank. It was pretty cool. Service here was great, but we had a server coming up to us asking if an order was ours (not very professional...).
5	Came in for a quick snack and drinks. Sat at the bar.  Bartender was extremely friendly and helpful. The food is always excellent. And the portions are huge.  We always split an appettizer and an entree between the two of us. And we still have leftovers for lunch the next day. Always. Must hit stop on any trip.
1	Terrible service at check in. We were told to wait 45mins and as of writing of this review it is 70 minutes and we just got seated.
5	This Cheesecake Factory has 3 entries on Yelp.  It was Happy National Cheesecake Day on July 30 & July 31st, 2014 so I went over to a Cheesecake Factory (not this branch) to have a slice of cheesecake at 1/2 price!!Anyways the following is my review for this location written back in February 2014:I must confess that I am a diehard Cheesecake Factory fan!  Unless the service is very bad, I will not give them less than 4 stars.  This specific location inside Caesars Palace holds a special place in my heart, but I will not go into specifics.  Suffice it to say that I love this place!Normally, I get here before it gets too crowded.  Sometimes I will have to wait, but it is worth the wait.  Will just wait and people watch or browse around some of the Forum shops til it is our turn.The menu reads like a small book.  It can get confusing at times cause everything sounds so good.  Every appetizer and entree that I have had has not disappointed.  All are above average, and the portions are huge so come hungry.  Of course, a meal here is not complete without dessert.  I will always save room for a slice of cheesecake.  If it means that I cannot finish my entree, then I will just take home the leftovers and enjoy it the next day.  I have tried over a dozen of their cheesecake flavors.  My current favorites are Dutch Apple Caramel Streusel cheesecake, White Chocolate Caramel Macadamia Nut cheesecake, and White Chocolate Raspberry Truffle cheesecake.I only have one complaint.  Stop discontinuing my favotite sandwiches.  They used to make a three cheese Grilled Cheese sandwich which was awesome.  They also used to make a Monterey Cheeseburger which was the bomb.  I truly miss those two items.  With that being said, every time we return to Caesars Palace, going to this Cheesecake Factory is a must.  Many good memories here.
5	Our wait time was only about 20 min for the place being completely packed. Our server was super helpful and our food came incredibly fast! It was super delicious and reasonable priced.
3	Good food and the cheesecake is why you come here.  A little noisy but doable.  Service is good and wines are good as well.  Nice specialty drinks as, alcohol and non-alcohol.  Fun Atmosphere as you are in the forum shops. Had the flatbread and grandson had chicken strips.  Large menu selection.
5	Cheesecake Factory is a mandatory stop when in the USA, every place I travel and they have a CF I am there, the menu is huge, consistent, and satisfying. A Family pleaser! I always try new things but some favs include Steak Diane, Tuna Tartare, Chicken Madeira,.I try to save room for desert but never works, I have to get a slice of cheesecake to go,.cheesecake factory always hits the right spot, the portions are big, the prices are great, a must if you haven't tried before.
4	And who doesn't need a trip through the Shoppes at the Forum and an excuse to perhaps catch the statue show?While I don't get the allure of eating a meal at this chain, I will wait in line for a slice of cheesecake.  I hadn't visited one in a long time so this may be old news but there seemed some new additions to the menu of slice choices.I chose Craig's Crazy Carrot cake... The clerk threw in two forks- as if I was going to share- not this gal. Fantastic!
2	I got the Asian style lettuce wrap, and I felt it was well prepared. When I didn't like was the lack of customer service. The fact that I had to wave down a bus person twice just to get his attention. Then it seemed to take him another long period of time just to bring the glass of water I asked for him to refill. This was after spending my whole meal without water because it was not refilled....I only complain about this because I worked as a bus person and I base my standards on the service I would provide. Overall rating would be: food - satisfactory customer service - unsatisfactory.
5	Five stars for this place, weighs more than my other five-star reviews.It's inside a specific casino that I avoid like the plague, so for me to eat there, means that it's a nice place.The menu is like a phone book, like all Cheesecake Factories, but that never intimidates me.The atmosphere is very nice and laid back, which is refreshing.The place is actually located at the very end of the Forum Shops, so it's the furthest distance from the casino floor, which is good all around.The service is great.I've never gone there with a party of less than 8 people, and my water glass has never been empty for more than a couple of minutes.The food is very good, and its presentation is terrific.But, the real surprise is the price. Very reasonable for any Strip restaurant, let alone one that's inside a big name casino. I only wish that they had a back door so that I wouldn't have to walk through the casino.
3	When with family, shopping in Caesar's Forum this is the perfect choice!The service excellent! As always in a Cheesecake Factory.Anyone can find something they like on this giant menu! The food rock solid, not amazing, never terrible, but consistently good!
5	mmm yummy cheesecake and yummy food. friendly staff and great options for food. beautiful restaurant as well.
4	Sit down and bring your reading glasses!  This menu was endless! Lots of global options and various dish sizes. I opted for the Chicken Bellagio which exceeded my expectations.  The checkerboard was nicely breaded and moist, the pesto noodles were not too oily, and the arugula salad added a nice crunch. I was only able to eat half at the restaurant,  but my left overs held up well. The cheesecake was delicious of course, no surprise there!
4	So, the final verdict is out. 312 menu items, not including beverage offerings. Holy crap. If you can't find something you like at Cheesecake Factory, you are just a grumpy Gus.  I had the taco salad-type dish. It was ok - sooo much lettuce - but my friend had the Santa Fe sandwich, which he said was tasty. Wine was good and didn't break the bank. This location is apparently the busiest in the world. I wouldn't doubt it... It's always packed.
5	Great food, friendly staff, and great service. Great place to get together with friends and family. They also have the best cheesecake in town !! There might be a bit of a wait, as it is a favorite place to go to eat, when shopping in the Caesar's Forum.
4	Food Great!Location nice but hard to get to...Parking - far away...No reservation possible - Very unfortunate !!!!Atmosphere 8/10Service 8/10All and All - recommended !
5	Literally just walked out of the Cheesecake Factory at Caesars Palace & it was yum! They stayed open a little later than normal just because of the amount of people still eating.We had the onions rings & crab wontons. Also the skinnylicious chicken tacos & salmon & skampi combo.The Chris cheesecake was delicious but very sickly sweet. 2 of use couldn't finish it. Great meals & great friendly service.Ps: No wonder Sheldon eats here ! :)
5	I've visited a few Cheesecake Factory's in USA, and I've never been disappointed. They have the largest menu I've ever seen, and all dishes have good quality. And I love their original Cheesecake!!!
2	I can understand having to wait for a table on a Saturday night in Las Vegas but give me a good estimate of the time of my wait. Do not tell me 20 minutes which later turns into 1 hour. When I am a party of 5, do not give me a table for 4 where one of us has to sit in the aisle where we are constantly bumped by passing staff and customers
4	I must say this location is the best one I've been too. It's located In the Forum Shops at Caesars Place! After you shop go have lunch or early dinner at The Cheesecake Factory. The menu is gigantic which makes it difficult to decide what you want to eat! We ordered the hot wings for an appetizer which were good. Not too spicy for us.  I had the Shrimp Scampi over linguini which was very good. My hubby had the Chicken Parm over spaghetti. He loved it. The portions were a nice size very filling. My negative is this place gets crowded and the wait can be long. I would recommend this restaurant.
1	The food portion is great.Waiter and waitress are friendly.I over heard my waitress... We have bigger portion for the tourist and not just for the locals.:( that I spent $125 and one of my dish had curly hair. Yes CURLY HAIR.To make it right...The manager gave us a free slice of cake.??This is Vegas right??
3	On a recent staycation to Caesars Palace, we had every intention on trying a nice restaurant, but we were feeling lazy and just wanted something easy and quick to eat. They were packed for a Sunday, but we were seated quickly. My chicken and avocado club was standard, not a huge fan of the fries, but they were decent. My fella got the catfish, which seemed like an odd choice and he didn't care for it and ended up eating half of my sandwich instead. We also took a pineapple upside down cheesecake, which was really good and had lots of nice big chunks of pineapple in it.The food was standard and service was as well. Good spot to go when you're inside the Forum Shoppes that won't break the bank.
4	My girlfriends and I found ourselves drunk and starving at the Forum Shops one Saturday afternoon. Too tired to find a cheap place to eat (which was hard in the Forum Shops) but not wanting to spend a crazy amount of money for lunch, we found the Cheesecake Factory! I know... we can find this restaurant back at home... but we were really hungry and the Factory never really had failed us in the past.We were seated right away, and we sobered up quickly with their complimentary bread, lol. We decided to eat light (as we planned to eat greasy pizza later that night) so we ordered calamari and the luau salad, which were both very good and served in big portions. We ended the lunch with a macadamia nut cheesecake, in celebration for my late birthday with my girlfriends!Overall, it was a good experience with good food and good friends. We're glad to have found this restaurant while super drunk. Thanks!
5	I absolutely never in a million years thought that I would give a Cheesecake Factory 5 stars.  I was in Vegas for the marathon and my friends and I needed to find a place to eat the morning of our race.  I didn't want to do a buffet and I also wanted something very plain and simple due to the fact that 4 hours later I'd be running 26 miles.  We stumbled up Cheesecake Factory and I honestly had low expectations, but I was extremely wrong! Times have changed and while the pasts is not vegan and like pretty much no entree is veganizable - I had a great meal! our server was amazing - she pretty much just created a vegan feast (plain and simple though) out of sides, appetizers and salad. I had a great meal and a great experience - but um hello potion sizes there are huge!
1	We usually eat here at least once while in town.This time, I really wish we had not.Sunday morning, 11 am and not too busy.  10 minute wait.Get seated by hostess and 5 mins later our waitress comes for our drink order and says she will bring bread.  5 mins later our drinks come  Not bad.15 mins later, no waitress, no water, no iced tea, no bread.  I am looking around like... hello?Another 5 mins and nothing happens.  I get up and have to flag down some other server for my iced tea and ask for our bread.  "I'll check" he says.A few mins later HE brings the bread, not our waitress.  Then she comes by "oh sorry, they were baking it" - BS., I could see other tables being brought bread all the time.5 more mins go by and she then comes back for our order.  2 entrees and a salad.My salad comes a few mins later with the tiniest portion of dressing on the side.  I finish the dressing with 1/2 the salad to go.... huh?  I start looking around for 'someone' to ask for more dressing.  Literally nobody there even looking around to help me.  Then our server brings the food... "here is your order, are you done with your salad?".  Uh, no I needed more dressing but I could flag nobody down to bring me any more.  "Do you want me to get you more dressing now?".I tell her no, I don't have that long to wait.Bottom line, the food was great.  The service SUCKED.  Worst ever at a Cheesecake Factory.  And they were not busy!  There was no excuse for it.  Our server had an attitude and just did not care about her customers at all.I left in a really pissed off mood.
3	Only came here for appetizer for snacking but it became a full late lunch! Ah I was full. The service is great and not really busy here during the time we came. We ordered:1) Calamari was well deep fried and cooked but no real flavor by itself or with sauce.2) Ahi tartare was very small and only for one person. Had a lot of avocado, more then ahi tuna and the sauce was just right with the wonton chips.3) Buffalo wings were good and well deep fried with ranch.4) Fried Zucchini was good and well cooked. Love their ranch as it seemed homemade.5) Loaded potato tots were good and filled with bacon,cheese,potatoes,etc but you can only have so much. I could not eat too much of this as it almost made me sick.6) Plain cheese cake with warm chocolate sauce is always my fave!My rating is more a 3.5 stars but had to round up. I would come back but we need to watch what we order! ;-)
5	Try the Sunday brunch chilaquiles with carnitas they were amazing! my parents both had the breakfast combos and I tried one of their pancakes which in my opinion were perfection. 5 stars to the pancakes!  my parents were both very impressed.
5	My go to dish would be the shrimp scampi with angel hair. You can never go wrong with that dish. My date went with the combination of the salmon dish with steak perfect for if you can't decide and want both. Proportion at and it comes with mashed potatoes. It stayed busy from when we walked in and even became busier when we were leaving.
3	Went to this location last night for my father's birthday and we had to wait two long hours to be seated (there were 12 of us - 6 of which were kids). Food was awesome (and came quickly) and our server, Dave (I think), was great. One star for our server, the other for the food, and the third for the yummy cheesecake. Minus two stars for the horrible and unfriendly hostesses and long wait.
5	Great location.  We came after finding out that we cound't get a seat at the buffet due to long line.  The staffs were super helpful with getting us a table line up.  There is a huge aquarium right outside of the restaurant to keep the kids entertained.  Our waitress was kind and patient.  Food never disappoint.  Overall a very happy dining experience.
4	As a tourist to a foreign land, one quite often uses Hollywood as a platform for whether it be tourist attractions, product endorsements and/or lifestyle changes. When it comes to eating, everyone from outside the United States would love to get served by Penny from the Big Bang Theory, which bought me to this little establishment about 4 years ago & keep returning annually when I revisit the States. Situated in the Caesars Palace forum mall, the Cheesecake Factory is located right at the end of the mall, right next to the huge fish tank. I somehow always end up with seating outside looking at the fish tank, which is fine by me as it is an alright view. The service can be a little slow at times, but generally is pretty good. The quality of the food is great, and overwhelmingly large, however you come to expect that here. Just make sure that you leave a little room for dessert. PS. The chicken Bellagio is probably better here than anywhere else in the country - as freaky as that sounds, it is true...
4	There isn't a Cheesecake Factory in my city, so I don't mind one bit visiting this one when I'm out in Vegas. Though it's location at the very end of the Forum Shops at Caesar's is a bit inconvenient, the longest I've had to wait for a seat was 40 minutes even during busier seasons (once for a party of 11 and once for a party of 4).Both times I've eaten here, the service was impeccable, and of course the portions are huge, the food tasty, and all well worth the price. My friend swears by the Chicken Madeira, though I never order it because I don't eat mushrooms. The mac-and-cheese burger is delicious, as is the chicken burrito (though I would have preferred it to have shredded chicken rather than cubed). I also really enjoy the Flying Gorilla alcoholic milkshake.I don't eat here EVERY time I go to Vegas, but it's definitely a good option, and probably one of the better ones in regards to price - especially in the Forum Shops. Again, I can't stress enough that both times I ate here the service was great (in a town where I usually find the service to be average at best).
4	I'm not big on going to chain restaurants when in Vegas when there are so many great restaurants there. However it was getting late and I needed to get dinner at a place where I knew exactly what to what to order. Service was fast, but not too fast. I asked for only the whole wheat bread and they accommodated me.The only downside to the place was that I got no signal at all on my phone. I wasn't the only one with that problem. That's not The Cheesecake Factory's fault, but it would be nice if they installed WiFi in the restaurant.
4	Great food. Great people. Open late. And they have happy hours and deals on certain things. Foods of all kind. And they change the menu a lot. So you can always find something new to try. Definetly a place for dinner parties and families. They also have a show right in front for the tourists since we r in Las Vegas Baby!!!!
