5	Veggie-xplosion. I'm pretty sure everything on the menu is vegan. The warrior salad was delicious as well as the quinoa burger. Great flavors. Staff was friendly and excited, prices are high but worth the splurge considering ingredient quality.
5	This place has been open for a week and a half and I've eaten there FIVE times.  Everything's vegan and most of the food is raw.  They have quality ingredients, magnificent flavors, and great service.  I love the freestyle wrap, the quinoa veggie burger, and the popeye punch smoothie.  I could literally eat there every night.  In fact, now that I'm talking about it... I may go by there tonight.  The prices are a little high, but its soooo worth it for the fresh vegetables and fruits that you are going to get.  This is a "must taste" for vegans in Charlotte.
5	I love this place!  Great real food that's good for you. I tell all my clients about it as we are very close.  Raw food is an anti-inflammatory and eating here can help my clients on their road to recovery or as an adjunct to their active lifestyle.
5	Menu is totally vegan, some raw. The burger (not raw) was one of the best I've had since moving to CLT - pleasantly warm, smoky and satisfying, big dollop of guac on top. Super tasty bun. Microgreens everywhere. Like eating a tiny forest.Pastries and bread available for take away, lots of brekkie options. Good coffee, and for an extra .75, you can add a shot of homemade coconut, hemp, or almond milk. Tastes awesome.But the entrees are really where Luna's shines. Raw/whole/vegan art food. Prices are high - sammiches 8-9, entrees 12-13. Yes, it's worth it. Probably the healthiest dinner in town. Let's keep them in bidness, ya'll!
5	I love this place!  Great real food that's good for you. I tell all my clients about it as we are very close.  Raw food is an anti-inflammatory and eating here can help my clients on their road to recovery or as an adjunct to their active lifestyle.
5	Looking forward to trying every single thing on their menu. My first meal consisted of the A World of Trees juice (yuummm!) along with the Freestyle Wrap. My friend ordered the Mystical Mushroom Spaghetti and we shared the entrees. The food is delicious, nutritious, and satisfying. We could barely finish our meals. Next time, we will get a treat first. Those chocolate macaroons were calling us. So glad Luna's Living Kitchen is up and running!
4	I really enjoyed the veggie burger and salad.  It was very delicious.  And, they know how to steep a great cup of tea.  I can't wait to try a breakfast entree and smoothie next time!
5	Gosh, well if this isn't the cutest place on south blvd let me know otherwise. I came across Luna's living kitchen while touring the farmers market next door. I didn't have time to stop in but i new it'd be back. To get ready for luna's a friend and i planned on doing a 30 vegetarian meal plan. We wanted to enjoy and take pleasure in having an artisticly put together meal.When we arrived with our vege loving tummys we were astounded by the menu. So many delicious things to choose from; from smoothies and homemade milks to lasagna! My friend an i split the lasagna(i forgot the cute name) and it was the prettiest thing i ever did shove in my mouth! We could smell the aromas of tomato and herbs before we even took a bite! The cashew cheese stuff was absolutely brilliant!!  Perfectly flavored and seasoned plus they make it from scratch right in front of you while u wait. Im soooo comming back
5	I ate here while at a conference- that served nothing for vegans.  Luna's took excellent care of us.  Honestly, the thought of raw vegan lasagna frightened me- but I was blown away by how tasty they could make it!  I split that and their vegan burger (made in house) with a friend and wanted to keep eating their food all night!My advice- go to Luna's, eat their food, try to get their recipes and share it with me.
5	If it were appropriate, I would camp outside this restaurant and eat here day and night. AMAZING beautiful, health fresh food served with genuine love. The raw veggie lasagna was suspicious. I really did not trust that it would be good.  However on the FIRST BITE I was hooked. WOW. I am still in shock. It was a amazing. I also had a couple bites of the veggie burger which was also, hands down, the best damn burger I've had.I could go on but won't ... that'll just delay your trip to Luna's Living Kitchen. Go now.
5	Beyond awesome.I was attending a convention and the food was....standard. uugghhI snuck out to stock up for a couple days and was rejuvinated with a Green juice, warm and wonderful soup of the day - Lentil and a burger that rocked. I took the lunasagna back with me for the next day as they would be closed on a Sunday. Being Vegan and on the road can be difficult , not just because of the food but the"understanding" and belief. I sat and read a great magazine (where by the way Luna was featured!) and felt "home" ..if only for a short time.Food people atmosphere all amazing. I will definatley be back ANYTIME I am in Charlotte!!
5	This place gives me hope of staying a healthy, balanced vegan while I live in Charlotte.I had the Sprout It Out Loud which is basically a salad with two different kinds of sprouts, greens, carrots, tasty dressing, and zucchini cut in such a way that it looks like noodles. The balance of textures and flavors was pretty incredible.They have a variety of heavier meals like vegan lasagna and veggie burgers. I'll definitely be back.The only set back I can think of is their hours. During the week they're only open until 7 and on the weekends they're open until 3pm (at least on Saturday).
5	Just had the Sprouted Quinoa-Kamut Veggie Burger and it was awesome!Can't wait to eat here again!
5	in 2010 I started a "no flour, no sugar" diet, so I was especially excited to try out Luna's.  I've been 3 times now and have not been at all disappointed.  I love the buckwheat from the breakfast menu most of all and have found myself craving it several times.  The Lvagsagna and Quinoa Veggie Burger are both delicious as well!  Just give it a try!
4	Stopped here for lunch today after reading great reviews from my fellow Yelpers.  Proud to say I let my inner tree hugger shine thru and got down with the Good Earth and all her nutty, sprouty, legumy goodness.  Luckily, Luna's made it easy.As noted elsewhere, the menu is all vegan and sometimes raw.  I was drawn in by the Colombian Red Split Pea Soup with Cranberry Walnut Baguette.  A bowl was $5.50 and you can add a salad for a total bill of $9.00.  Adding a drink, that's slightly hefty for lunch, but everything was fresh-made to the nth degree and the portions were huge.  My salad had a mix of sprouts and greens and a hemp vinaigrette that was just fine.  My soup was very tasty and filling.  The little pieces of baguette were a nice accompaniment.  It was like I could eat like a bird and get stuffed at the same time.Drinks run the gamut from ionized water to house-made lemonade or ginger ale to homemade milks- coconut, almond and hemp.  There was also a breakfast menu served all day that I will be back for.  A mix of smoothies and baked treats rounded out the menu.  Non-veggies may be a little intimidated by the choices, but if you turn off the over-thinking and turn on your taste buds, I think there's lots to love here.  The staff was very helpful in explaining the menu and the options available.And of course, there's a noted effort to recycle and compost as much as possible here.  Gettin' green while gettin' full?  Sounds like a win-win to me- huzzah for Luna's!
3	This is going to be a long one so get comfy! Groupon offered a deal for Luna's a couple of weeks ago so I was sure to get two of them since I've been hearing rave reviews about this place for some time. I tried to check it out last week after a trip to the gym. There was a line about eight people deep that was slowly creeping along, too many men with fedoras and only one person taking orders while five or six other people were prepping the food. So I attempted to practice patience and wait for the slow to move.  When the girls in front of me got up to the cashier, he then said, "There's going to be a 30 minute wait for food" and when I heard that-I was outtie. After checking out the prices and selection of food, I swore I was going to have a horrible experience whenever my next visit would be.Thankfully, I can be wrong sometimes.I went this morning for breakfast and was the first and only person there. Hello, place to myself and no wait! I walked in through the gym since they still have the Closed sign up but I asked them and they were ready to serve. I ordered the Bombin Buckwheat Blaster (with fresh kiwi, apple, banana, blueberry and raspberries) and a cup of coffee. About $11 for that.....breakfast for one person. But Groupon was paying $10 for that so only $1 and some change out of pocket. If I didn't have a Groupon, I would definitely not pay that much for a bowl of buckwheat.They brought me coffee along with organic half-n-half and raw sugar and told me where I can get refills from. I think I snuck my Splenda from them though since they give me an evil eye for using the processed, fake stuff. I waited a few minutes, listened to Bob Marley (such a fantastic way to start my day), enjoyed the natural light that encompassed Luna's and soon the Bombin Buckwheat Blaster was in front of me. It was absolutely gorgeous and there were so many bright, colors in front of me, I felt like I had to wear sunglasses. It was a big, hearty portion with hints of cinnamon and nutmeg. A wonderful breakfast to start a cold, rainy morning off on. One of the employees dropped by, asked how everything was and if I've been before. They are so dang friendly....and dare I say natural....there, I love it and wish more places employed people like this. I really like how they have fresh fruit sitting out by the window in the front and the staff will walk back and forth from there and the kitchen picking what they are about to use in a dish, that's just cool seeing what's going into your food.A lovely experience the second time round and think I will go back to Luna's but only if I have a coupon or want to splurge. Their prices are just too high for my budget with eating out but I really love their concept. We need more places like Luna in Charlotte but just a tad cheaper....
5	My friend and I stumbled onto this little gem!  What a find! We had the Lunasagna with salad and it was fabulous! The flavors just burst with every bite!  The atmosphere was very relaxing and inviting.  Definitely a must try for your taste buds! :)
4	Everything that's fresh, raw & healthy! (It was Real Food Charlotte) Located in Atherton Mills off South Blvd.Be prepared for the RAW in this healthy spot.Their juices are STRONG.Go easy if this is your first visit.I have enjoyed everything I have tried here & always feel light & healthy after a meal here.Not your usual quick meal option.Definitly worth a try to see if it something you will like.
5	I love this restaurant. As a vegan, it's so nice to be able to eat anything you want off of the menu. The produce is always fresh, the presentation is artful, and I love that they compost. Yes, it is pricey, but unfortunately that's the cost of eating clean these days.
4	Went for lunch today with some girlfriends and really enjoyed my experience. The staff was very helpful. The sprouted Quinoa-Kamet Veggie Burger is delicious! It comes with a side salad with fresh tomatoes, zucchini strings, dressing and a flavorful cashew topping. The burger itself was very flavorful and topped with guacamole, and red onions. The guacamole has a strong cilantro flavor, which was very refreshing. The bread for the burger comes toasted and because it's vegan it doesn't have any preservatives, so it's a bit on the crunchy side. The only issue that I saw was that they might have to invest in a faster credit card machine. The one that they had took a while to print off the credit slips for customers to sign.
5	This place is a great find for eating healthy. The veggie burger is a must try!
5	The most amazing, fresh, beautiful food you can get in Charlotte.  I've been about 5 times now.  I have had their wrap, veggie burger, and almond milk, and I have enjoyed it all.  They truly put a lot of pride in each dish they serve.   I like how it is connected to the farmers' market and the fitness center.  There has been a little trouble with slow service in the past (especially when they're busy), but my experience today was excellent.  The place is small. If you really want to experience the best that Luna's has to offer, try visiting it on the off-hour. Have a seat outside, and enjoy the weather while you dine.  Also, the owner is quite knowledgeable about healthy eating, and you can chat with her if you'd like. Very friendly.
5	Found Luna's on yelp while travelling from DC to Atlanta on March 31.  On the recommendation of others, I had the veggie burger and it truly lived up to its reputation! Easily the best veggie burger I have ever had.  Paired with a glass of fresh-made carrot juice, it added up to a very healthy and satisfying meal.  It is a bit tricky to find, especially if you're not local, but just turn into the Atherton Mill complex on South Blvd and go to the back corner.
5	When I first moved to Charlotte I was looking for good places for vegan food and found Luna's. I had never been to a raw foods restaurant before and was a little apprehensive.My first time there was love and abolished all apprehension. Now I have pretty much had everything on their menu by now (except the smoothies) and it's all AWESOME! best part is, you feel really energized from eating such healthy food.Their salads have to be the best I have ever had and this is coming from a vegan who has been to some of the best restaurants in Chicago, DC, Philly, Pittsburgh, Richmond, Atlanta, and so on.The staff there is super nice as well, friendly and talkative. Randy the owner, is a very nice man and you can tell all the employees like what they do. I like to bring my laptop here and do a couple hours of work, take note, they have free refills on some really good coffee too.The price is a little high for every day lunch, however given the quality of food I think is a great deal.
4	While I don't think I could ever eat (and live) life as a vegan or even a vegetarian, Luna's Living Kitchen gave me a really nice experience with that potentially difficult cuisine! I strolled in for a leisurely lunch and ordered up Lunasagna and a lemonade, upon the nice staffer's recommendation. Price wise, Luna's is higher than you'll pay at many a local spot, but the incredibly fresh ingredients can't be cheap (my lunch came to $15). I snagged a stool seat and took in a bit of work for about 10 minutes or so before my order came out. My Lunasagna was so fresh and just gorgeous. Seriously - go check out my picture. The portions were ample and I was really surprised by all the flavor that burst out of the layers, sauce, strands of veggies and cashew bits. The greens accompanying the lunasagna were just about perfect, so much so that next time I'll focus more on a salad packed with Luna's delicious produce. For those who think that vegan cuisine is boring and bland, I recommend trying a meal at Luna's. It may not change your way of life or daily cuisine, but the flavor packed items will surprise you in the best way!
4	Easy to find Dilworth location with best tasting freshly made veggie burger in town.  Every entre is vegan or vegetarian friendly, and incorporates lots of raw local veggies.  Everything also looks like a work of art when it arrives at your table.  The only negative comment is when they get really busy, it will tale a while to get your order.  I have eaten her many times and It has ways been worth the wait.  For Charlotte, this place is worth a visit.  Note, this is a fairly small restaurant located within a nice local health club building, so seating is very limited.  With the approach of Summer, they do have tables located outside on their porch.  Overall, a nice place to eat something different and fresh.
4	I'm not a vegetarian nor a raw food person, but my love for beautifully fresh (or beautifully cooked) veggies rivals, and on certain days surpasses, my love for meat.  On one such day I decided to try out Luna's for lunch with a work friend.I was not disappointed in the least. The staff was polite but distant; however, the quality of the meal overshadowed their... translucency. I ordered the raw veggie lasagna ("Lunasagna") and it was delicious.  The tomato sauce was especially tasty. The lemonade I had with it was refreshing as well: made with real lemons and not cloyingly sweet.Luna's is a little on the expensive side, and from my experience at least, it's not the place to go if you want to make small talk with the staff. But the food is delicious and healthy, and if that's what you want, you should check it out. I know I'll be back every once in a while.
3	If you're really into the whole vegan and raw food thing, you'll love this place.  For someone who just likes to eat healthy often though, it was ok.  I know it's not cheap, mass-produced food and you get what you pay for, but it's a little expensive even for what they serve.  The veggie burger, made with quinoa, was decent, and the large salad served with it was good.  It's probably a place I won't go too often, but it may be better for you.
5	Helloooo?!!  This place is awesommmme!  The quinoa burger rocks and is completed with a heap of guacamole on top.  It's served with local greens on the side, drizzled with a yummy hemp dressing.  So good, I haven't tried the other menu items yet.  I'm still beaming with green joy after my many blissful burger visits.  Vegan paradise for a town that hasn't fully embraced this concept...yet!
3	I really enjoyed the food at Luna's. I had a juice that included maple syrup and chili powder, and that was a really nice combination. I didn't like, however, the prices! The juice was $7! Whoa!
5	Unbelievably good! I went in on a busy Saturday since they had just gotten a review in the paper. I had to wait for a seat but it was well worth it. The staff was friendly and helpful with top notch customer service. I started off with the Pina Colada smoothie. The flavors burst in my mouth. I've never had such a delicious smoothie without all the preservative aftertaste found in other places. This was so fresh and delicious I had to refrain from drinking it all down in one shot. I tried the burger and was surprised. This was my first ever non-meat burger and the flavors were coming through without overwhelming. The salad was the best I've ever had with such incredibly fresh tasting ingredients. I normally don't like tomatoes but gobbled these up after trying the first one. I finished off my meal with the banana ice cream. The fresh berries were such a surprise when I opened up the container. I was expecting plain ice cream but the extras put it over the top.If you're looking for a delicious meal which will leave you feeling better then you definitely have to try Luna's.
5	Astoundingly good. Seriously consider skipping a few wasteful purchases a month and reallocate the money saved toward enjoying some of the cleanest and most delicious food you'll ever try. It's that good, and most importantly it's incredibly good for you and for the planet.
5	Whoever said food has to be cooked to taste good have never been to Luna's
4	I went back to Luna's today and tried the Fire & Brimstone Quinoa Burger.One word to describe it: HEAVEN.Seriously, check out the pics. I am a frugal gal but would splurge and spend $10 on that again.
4	The veggie lasagna was A-MAZ-ING.  Again, I do not live a vegetarian or vegan lifestyle, but I did not think the lasagna would live up to the hype.  It was wonderful.  We had a great dining experience.  The ginger ale was a bit stronger than I had expected and would not order again.  But I look forward to returning and enjoying the rest of the menu.
5	Luna's is incredible. I admit that I was a skeptic at first hearing my wife go on about this place and how filling the food was, etc. but now I am a true believer! I thought, sure, the food probably tastes good but I will likely leave hungry or will be hungry within an hour of eating there. I discovered I was so wrong about the food being filling. In fact, I even woke up full the next day and skipped breakfast - aside from a cup of coffee. The weird think is that I usually wake up ravenous. So, to be full upon waking up is unheard of for me.I had the vegetarian lasagna while visiting Luna's and would happily get it again. It is a different take on lasagna but really good - very fresh and tasty. I also got a freshly made ginger ale - a little overkill on the ginger in my opinion but still very good.Everything on the menu is fresh and made to order; so, I imagine you couldn't really go wrong with anything there. The people are very courteous and were helpful in their explanations of the drinks and dishes I was not familiar with. Generally, the vibe is pretty relaxed. There are even books there if you are planning to eat alone and need something to do. I think if you get a glance at the book selection, it speaks to the character of the place.I really do not think you could go wrong with Luna's if you want something healthy, filling, and a little different.
5	I can honestly say everything we had was amazing. The lemonade truly tasted fresh squeezed. The Lunasagna was incredibly flavorful - the tomato sauce was spiced and thick, and the "cheese" on top I was told was made with garbanzo beans, soaked until they began to sprout, and then put in the food processor with basil. Best vegan "cheese" I've ever tasted. The hummus trio deserves it's own paragraph. It's served with cranberry walnut toasted bread, and that sweet flavor is surprisingly perfect with all three flavors of hummus. It is the best hummus I've ever had. Period. I asked if I could buy it in bulk, but they said no :( I think it's made from sunflower seeds. It's very thick and substantial and the flavor combinations they created are just delicious. You can tell Luna's makes a huge effort with their food by the way it tastes. I sometimes struggle to find vegan food I enjoy, but I am definitely looking forward to going back to Luna's.
5	Whoa! That was AMAZING!!Why did it take me so long to get here? From now on when I go out I won't debate about where I will go. I will just head to Luna's.  I finally got into Luna's to use my groupon and I ate what was the best meal I've had in a long time and easily the best meal I've had in Charlotte while I've been here. I had the Lunasagna and the Apple Kombucha. First the side salad with sprouts and linguini(?) was Briliant! Lunasagna was pretty unbelievable too. With Zucchini and Cashew/Basil cheese, I really haven't had anything like it. The Apple Kombucha was pretty good a little to much sugar but still always nice to find a place with homeade kombucha. This place is what everyone else should strive for in the Charlotte area. The staff is very friendly and pretty cool as well. They pride themselves on buying local produce and that is the type of resteraunt I want to frequent......Maybe I'll go tommorrow
4	Amazing food. The veggie burger is one of the best I've had anywhere. Good portions of totally fresh and tasty food. I tried the dish with shitaki shrooms, zucchini noodles and brown rice...so delicious. Chai tea is great.  Not being from Charlotte the restaurant was a little tricky to find. It is set back from the street and next to a gym. It was packed at lunch but the service was good and speedy. Go try this place!
4	This place was soo good!! I got the kale cornucopia, it was so flavorful and tasty. One of the yummiest salads I've had(in general).  Also had a smoothie, can't remember the name but it had avocado, pineapple and coconut, was delicious! I felt so healthy after eating here, highly recommended!!!
4	I had an overall very positive experience @ Luna's Living Kitchen. It was my first time there but I'll most certainly be going back! It was quite busy and crowded inside so I opted for outside seating which was lovely. I sat next to a little garden and got to watch the Atherton Mill Farmer's Market unload their goodies during lunch! My lemonade was delightful-fresh, tart, not too sweet and hit the spot on a toasty day. My mom had an Iced Chai which was also refreshing, smooth and rich. We both enjoyed the spicy veggie burger-for the life of me, I cannot remember the name, but it's the one with "Fire" in it. It came on toasted bread, topped with a spicy chipotle sauce, fresh avocado, onions and fiery hot sauce, along with a lovely fresh side salad. It was a truly pleasant and happy experience. They had tons of yummy sounding smoothies and juices which are already calling me back! The reason I gave it only 4/5 stars is that I suspect they are understaffed which is always tough on current staff. While our waitress was quite pleasant and helpful, she was clearly very busy and had a bunch of tables to keep up with- she did a great job considering how much there was to do! Unfortunately, our wait time was a bit lengthy, but understandable due to circumstances. Hopefully they can hire another waiter to help alleviate that issue. Also, the bathroom is unisex and was not super duper clean, though manageable. Their lemongrass hand soap was quite fantastic, however! :) I recommend this place to anyone looking for a vegan/vegetarian restaurant with a laid back atmosphere. It is a neat little place with some delic and healthy options and a fun vibe!
5	Luna's Living Kitchen....we have been waiting for you. Charlotte has been stuck in a fried pickles, BBQ and sweet potato rut. We keep making different restaurants with the variations of the same menu items. Thank you, Luna. We have been needing a solid, healthy meal.Oh my. This place just SMELLS amazing. The veggie burger is the best. The juices are worth every penny. You walk away feeling GOOD.You won't regret going here. I am so grateful that Charlotte has this as a choice!(PS- fantastic to go here after or before the market)
5	If Luna's is being compared to other Vegan/Organic experiences...it's hands down a five-star experience. If I'm comparing Luna's to restaurants with meat and overly processed foods...I'd give it five stars.Why? Let's start with the ambiance: Light, clean, warm, friendly, and best of all for a place of this kind...it's not the type of place to ram their principles down your throat.Moving on to the food...as many others have described, the Lunasagna really is something that should be tried. Just plain incredible! My wife and I also had salads and shared the tri-color hummus. I didn't leave a scrap of food hanging. It really was that good...and even though I love veggies and healthy foods, this guy loves some steak and shellfish.The only thing that may be hard for some people...is the wait. Lunch took us about an hour and a half. Let's face it though....it's busy...and they're not going to churn out a mediocre experience for their customers. You can see, feel and taste the thought and preparation that is put into the food.Lastly, addressing the concerns of being a bit pricey. I can't say I agree even a little bit. From buying local organic produce, to paying the workers, to paying the rent, and being a socially and environmentally responsible contributor of the community, price doesn't seem of issue to me. I am just glad the family at Luna's seem to be so committed to each other and their community.
5	This place is really one of a kind.  And what a sweet surprise to find a healthy, fresh, vegan and lactose friendly place all the way down South.My boyfriend and I visit Luna's every Saturday morning after we go to the Farmer's Market next door for breakfast.  Randy & Julia (owners) really take pride in their restaurant and it shows in every aspect of their business - from food, to service, to quality.The price is a little high, but well worth the investment.  If Luna's stayed open longer hours I would go there for a late dinner too!  I wish there were more places in Charlotte like Luna's.  FIVE stars. I would give more if I could.
5	Soooooooooo Goooood!  This was the best veggie burger I've ever had.  spicy incredibly filling and just down right delicious.  If the weather is nice grab a seat on their patio.  I shared a pina colada smoothie with my friend as well and it was also tasty.  Not the cheapest lunch joint around but well worth the healthy rewards and mouth watering food.
3	I really love Luna's, I do! But girl you gotta work on your timing! Meeting a friend here for lunch, we arrived around 12:20 and didn't get out until 2ish... That kind of time frame is not acceptable for a normal workday lunch at all! The water refills are also few and far in between, I know I mention water refills quite often in my reviews. This is because I am really storage tank for water.Anyways lets talk about the food. It's delicious when it eventually gets out to you, and the presentation is impeccable! I mean seriously it's so pretty you almost don't want to eat it! But then again by the time it came out I was starving so that helped me to tear apart my Lunasagna easily enough, and it was sooooo good! The peanut based dressing for the salad paired extremely well with the tartness of the lasagna.This is probably the best vegan restaurant available in Charlotte though it can be a tad bit on the pricy side for some items. I just hope next time I go to lunch here they don't take an hour+ just to get my food out.
5	Wow what a great change! As long as you go in here with an open mind to the types of  food they offer you will be very happy! So glad I tried it and the staff is very friendly and helpful. I was not very educated in some of the ingredients but was quickly explained what was what and soooo happy I came here. It's nice to go to a restaurant and everything on the menu is healthy. I have a very hard time going out lately because im trying to eat better. Had the veg burger...spicy one....and the lunasagna bc all the reviews said it was the way to go. Didn't even make it home ate it all while driving home. Not the safest way to eat I know but was just too good. Thanks yelpers I wouldve never known about this little slice of heaven without ya!
5	Amazing healthy deliciousness !!!!! So happy to eat here!!!!!
4	Had an excellent raw meal here while in town for business.  (Had a heck of a time finding the place, though - it's practically in the yoga studio)Sat out on the little patio overlooking the parking lot and enjoyed the hummus trio to start.  I'd never had a curried hummus but now I hope to try to make it myself.  Really loved the fresh bread and vegetables served with it.  I also had the "rice and beans" type entree.  Loved the guac and the spiciness of the "beans" but I felt like there was a lot going on in the dish.  I ate every morsel, though.The only real miss during my visit was the chocolate pudding.  It was being served in honor of breast cancer awareness month so I felt I should give it a try.  It was pretty gritty.  I've had raw pudding before, so I know it doesn't have the texture of other types of pudding, but I just wasn't a fan.This is a neat place to check out if you're in Charlotte and want to check out raw food!
4	I finally found it by calling for directions since the Yelp directions are wrong, although the address listed is correct. I will be back - everything on the menu looks tasty and the veggie burger and West Coast Wrap were both delicious. This is a wonderful vegan/vegetarian/healthy option in Charlotte's repertoire.
5	One of the most outstanding vegetarian restaurants I have experienced.  We ate lunch at lunches two days in a row-- great food, great service and wonderful atmosphere.  The food is very creative, healthy and tastes great.
5	I'll keep this simple:This is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte.You cannot go wrong when choosing what to order. In fact, just go ahead and close your eyes and point---your dish will knock your socks off!And don't for a second think you have to be vegan or even vegetarian to enjoy this place.....if you like good, fresh, DELICIOUS food, give it a try.I promise you'll be hooked ; )
5	It's important these days to frequent local businesses, especially a place that makes wonderful culinary delights like Luna's Living Kitchen.  All the dishes are made with the freshest ingredients and presented with a artistic flair rarely seen in Charlotte, NC. The service and atmosphere is wonderful! Everyone should do themselves a favor and try the freshly made ice cream desserts, the BEST!
5	Luna's is a small cafe right beside the Market (which I plan to check out in the near future).  I could tell this place was going to be fresh and healthy as soon as I took my first step inside!  I immediately noticed the pineapples on the counter, the smoothies that others had at their tables and the pile of fresh greens in the exposed kitchen.The menu had a variety of items for breakfast and/or lunch along with a few side items.  The selection is limited but everything is fresh, healthy and mostly organic.  They have a great selection of smoothies and juices as well.  They use Almond milk, greens, fruit and a variety of proteins in their beverages.  Here are a couple examples:  The Power Cleanser: Carrot, Beat, Parsley, Cucumber.  The Flying Lucy: Spinach, Pineapple, Banana, Ginger, Lemonade, Spirulina.  The Grey Hulk: Wild Berries, Banana, Hemp Milk, Maca, Sprulina, Hemp Protein.These would be great post workout shakes so it is no surprise they are attached to the Evolution Fitness Center.My friend and I ordered the same dish as it was highly recommended by the waitress.  We ordered the FIRE AND BRIMSTONE VEGGIES BURGER.  It was a Quinoa-Kamat veggie burger with chipotle sunflower hummus (yummy), onion, tomato, salsa verde and their house hot sauce.  It was served on Artisan, organic whole wheat bread and served with a local green salad.  It was awesome!  It just filling enough to be satisfying, the flavor combination was perfect, it was spicy but not too hot and it was fresh!  I felt good after eating as opposed to sluggish and dumpy and bloated.  It was so refreshing!  I know I have only had one item here but I love this place!  I can't wait to return!
4	Luna's Living Kitchen is a funky little place that changed from a counter service type of vegan hole in the wall to a full-service restaurant! I believe all of their standard favorites are still available- lunasagna, burger, juices, etc but perhaps with daily specials. They also offer their organic tea and coffee.A couple things I can specifically rave about: the Volcano juice - spicy grapefruit/orange juice with cayenne and ginger?, the cranberry walnut bread that comes with soup and a fruit plate that I no longer see on their website but is a fantastically huge variety of delicious organic fruits (berries, pineapple, citrus, etc.) in addition to two coconut chocolate bonbons which are delicious but don't really go with the fruit, so I took them to go. Their energy bars are pretty good, but we make our own energy bars at home that are as good as Lara bars, so Luna's are not quite as good (though handy in a pinch).My only complaints about Luna's is that it's sometimes not open when I want to go (I'd love it to be a morning coffee spot or dinner) and it's fairly expensive. Eating well is expensive.  And sometimes slow. But that's a good thing. Plus Juli is really sweet and spells her name correctly. :)
5	If you haven't tried it, you're missing out. This place could convert a die hard garbage eater. Moving here via SoCal I was initially concerned that I'd be stuck eating southern food living comfortably in stretch pants. Luna's quickly becoming my favorite hang out. Things you don't want to miss are the veggie burgers (I'm partial to the chipolte because it has a spicy kick), and the lasagna which you'd never know didn't come straight out of an Italian inspired kitchen except for the fact that it tastes better and when you leave you feel energized instead of sluggish. Other favorites include the west coast wrap and nasturtium flower dish. I have yet to get around to trying something from the juice bar but the day is young and I happen to be headed in that direction.
4	I typically like my food non-living, but Luna's had nice, tasty, fresh options for the diner looking for a healthy bite to eat.  The Clinton Classic Veggie Burger was quite yummy.  I love how it is hearty and grain-heavy with a little crunchy layer on the outside.  The accompanying salad was like a little work of art - I've never seen beautiful, fresh greens so artfully arranged.My partner got the Lunasagna, which was delicious and flavorful as well.  We also shared the Incan Warrior smoothy, which I thought would be disgusting since I think hemp milk is nasty, but it was actually really good!  The raw cacao and cinnamon gave it a lot of flavor.Be warned, the cafe is quite tiny, so during a lunch hour rush it may be tricky to find seating.  The price is a bit more than you would typically shell out at a lunch spot, but the freshness and quality of the ingredients make the pricing very fair.
5	If you are vegan, or even if you're not, you should drop in here to try the Quinoa Kamut Burger (wrapped in a raw collard leaf, yum.) Definitely the best veggie burger in Charlotte -- probably the healthiest, too! Raw, unprocessed, whole foods, yay! The tahini dressing is pretty killer, too.
4	Fresh ingredients, vegan fare...clean eating indeed! For what it is, what you get, and the small space, it is quite good and "reasonable." I appreciate what they stand for!It would achieve a 5 star review, if somehow they could expand to have a full kitchen to prepare hot foods. In the winter, I need warm, stick-to-my-bones food. Luna's, while very delicious and nutritious, it is more ideal for summer and spring eating. I ordered a veggie burger (I think the Clinton, no onions). The buns are not a typical bun, but on toasted slices of bread. It comes with a side salad. Husband ordered a vegan version of lasagna. It was, hmmm, interesting. The interior is narrow and basic. I recommend bringing layers since the day I went it was cold outside and the inside felt about the same temperature. Also, the bathrooms are in the gym area.If you want to feel good and healthy, definitely put this place at the top of your list for lunch!
4	I would have no problem giving up hamburgers if more veggie burgers in the world were as good as the one at Luna's, and that beautifully dressed green salad by its side... who needs fries? (okay, sometimes fries are necessary, but luckily Luna's doesn't offer anything to steer me off course on day 5 of "I will eat healthier this year".) So, back to that darn good and beautifully presented veggie burger (I had mine fire & brimstone style)... crunchy slices of bread, creamy hummus and guac, perfectly constructed quinoa patty, just enough heat to keep me happy, and a $10 price tag... okay, we're not on the dollar menu here, but definitely par as far as other house-made veggie burger prices in town go (that i've found). But, for the price you leave feeling a very content and very non-greasy full. They were out of the ingredients for the Volcano and the Kale Lemonade, so I ended up with a Ginger Ale - and it was delicious. The white pomegranate tea with agave is also mighty tasty. The service was perfect as we were sitting outside. Took our orders in a timely fashion, and checked on us just enough once we got everything. I didn't really pay attention to how long our food took, but it seemed about average. When we were given the check there was also a pair of macaroons, to make up for not having the ingredients for my first two drink picks, which was much appreciated mostly because they were AWESOME (and I'd completely forgotten about my much wanted Volcano since my ginger ale definitely hit the spot). After that meal I kind of want to try everything, especially some breakfast.  But Luna's, why can't you be open for dinner??
5	I really like this place. It's very clean and the food tastes superb. I'm not a vegetarian but the veggie burger here is exquisite. I would much rather eat it than any other fast food beef burger. Beware!!! You will have stanky doo doo and gas if you eat here. It's well worth it in my opinion.
4	Great food. Kind of pricy for the portions but it is great food!! Makes you feel good about what you are eating!!
5	A vegan coming from Boston is thinking "oh no, land of BBQ." What a delightful surprise to discover Luna's. I had the Kale Cornucopia for lunch; what a wonderfully simple and delicious dressing, with the candied almonds, and a green salad with a yummy tahini dressing. I was so intrigued, I took home the vegan burger for dinner and it was truly the best vegan burger I have ever had. I see from other reviews that I am not alone in that opinion.I can't wait to come back each day during this trip and try something new.The service was excellent, the atmosphere is fresh, clean, simple but not spare.
5	Great fresh organic food! I love everything at Luna's and I am willing to pay the higher price for quality food!
4	My brother recently picked up a V card and has started to make us reconsider our eating habits. So we decided it was time to check out Luna's Living Kitchen. Not sure if it was just me, but i didn't see a sign for this place on South Blvd, but it is located to the side of Ice House, despite where Google/Yelp iPhone maps tried to send me. Fire & Brimstone veggie burger was really good with great spice. The salad that comes with it had a great dressing that made it no problem for me to eat sprouts that i usually don't enjoy.  i tried the Flying Lucy organic smoothie ($6.25) (spinach, pineapple, banana, ginger, lemonade, spirulina) since i just heard how spirulina is like a super food and now i might just live forever. It  was pretty good, i was able to finish it but it didn't strike me as overly delicious or something i would crave. Actually, i may just not be a fan of ginger. i got to sample the pinko drinko and it was pretty good as well. Definitely had a full belly after finishing my plate and smoothie. Whether or not we continue our slow migration into a more vegan-esque lifestyle or not, i'm sure we'll end up back at Luna's.
4	Love this place. Ill be back!!
5	Good food, staff is awesome and purdy flowers in yo drink!
5	This is my favorite place to eat in Charlotte!! AMAZING food, the presentation is phenomenal, service is always friendly. I can't say enough wonderful things! The clifton classic, gaias treasure and lunasagna are my favorites!! Best ginger ale in town, home made!!! If you haven't been, GO!!!
4	Really good first impression. I went a little after 1 p.m. to avoid the lunch rush and was seated promptly. Though the menu was not lengthy, I was stumped on what to order because everything looked so darn good.I went with the Tres Marias veggie burger, a small-in-circumference but thick patty made of quinoa. The "bun" is whole grain bread, which warranted a knife down the center so I could attack the goodness between two slices head-on. And oh, the lemon parsley hummus-meets-mildly spiced salsa verde spread were well worth the cut. The local green salad including grape tomates and sprouts round out this filling plate. To drink I had the tasty sweet-tart lemonade.My server was friendly and quick, and was nice to check in and even offer a to-go cup for my lemonade. Bathed in cheerful yellows and blues, the quaint space offers a casual destination for some organic, local goodness.Cleverly placed on my table was the list of dreamy smoothies I'll be craving as the weather warms. The breakfast menu looks delish, too. I'll be back!
5	First off. I am by no means a Veg head, i dont eat rabbit food nor to a frequent farmers markets. You will see me at a butcher shop drooling over the counter waaaaay before you see me comparing heads of organic lettuce at the market. Not that that is out of the way.WOW.... WOOOOOOW.... WOW. Came here with a Veggie friend of mine that wanted to grab lunch the server told me about the Fire & Brimstone Burger. Without getting into the details and boring you with the love hate battle that my brain and mouth was putting me through... This was hands down the best sandwich I have had in Charlotte. $10 for the sandwich followed up with a very odd and interesting smoothie. Completely worth it. I find myself calling on my way to work to pick up a sandwich on my way in. I cant tell you about anything else on the menu cause I haven't gotten sick of this yet. I was told by my friend that i completely blocked out of my head while i sat there dumbfounded that their Lunasagna was outstanding. One day i will try something else. As long as they give me that hot sauce that comes on that sandwich ill probably eat a raw brussel sprout.
5	I must start by saying I am a "vegetarian" I use the term very loosely because really I just hate chicken and beef.  Yes I know that makes me weird and totally un-American but I'm a texture girl and well those two textures just rub me the wrong way.  As a side note I do eat fish and totally will not freak out if I eat something with bacon in it.So Luna's - where do I begin?  Do I start with the smells that hit you when you walk thru the door or the beautiful murals that are painted on the counter.  If you're looking for a different food experience then look no further.  Having dined there many times now it has yet to disappoint.  My favorite on the menu by far are their quinoa burgers.  They come served on this cranberry bread that is absolutely to die for.  Just a hint of sweet.  I often times drop in for a quick smoothie.  My favorite, the Popeye Punch, packed with spinach, banana, apples, and a host of other delicious fruits. My husband said it best on our very first visit.  You leave full, but not disgusting roll me out the door full.  You feel satisfied and energized.While I know that sometimes their service can be slower and the food may take a little longer it's because every single order is prepared fresh - literally - they are all working at a counter chopping and blending.  It's not like they have pots of xyz sitting on the stove in the back waiting for the next plate.  Every order is a custom order and every plate looks like a work of art.It's a different food experience that won't leave you disappointed.  There is something for everyone on the menu.  And for dessert you should try their macaroons.  My mouth is watering just thinking about them.
4	Heard about this place from my friends on Yelp! Of course. Thought that we'd give it a try since we tend to eat more of the flexitarian/vegetarian variety these days. A little hard to find (across South Blvd from Chipotle and next to Icehouse) but once we found it, it was awesome. Comfortable setting, warm greeting from our server and tons of warm bodies behind the make line busting and prepping. Tons of fresh fruit and veggies stacked on old bookshelves, freshly baked cookies cooling out in the dining area and a wonderfully high ceiling for a nice open dining space. Here's a tip: GET A JUICE. They are fantastic. So fresh and packed with nutrients. The El Diablito was our choice. Carrot, apple and orange. It was delightful. Breakfast was so bright and full of flavors. The Muesli is quite citrusy and spiced well with nutmeg. Tons of fresh fruit. All good. Our server told us that they make their own almond milk and coconut. Fascinating. The parfait was the best part of breakfast. My wife and I were both impressed. the coconut yogurt was delicious and had a nice touch of vanilla. Friendly, attentive staff, cozy and unique. What a great local business to check out in South End!Can't wait to head back for lunch and try the Lunasagna! Thanks, Luna's!
4	Small,  cozy, and a happy environment. The staff is friendly and very knowledgeable. Unfortunately the day I came I wasn't allowed to eat lettuce and a lot of bread so I sort of missed out on most of the yummness. But overall the food was surprisingly great and far from bland. I had the Clinton Classic veggie/quinoa burger. Bursting with flavor and very filling. I also tried their Avocolada smoothie which was refreshing. Can't wait to come back.
3	The food is great, but they are a little ate up in there.  I love the sunflower hummus curry.  It's soooo good, but it comes with 2 other flavors. I always ask if I can get just the curry. Sometimes it's no big deal. Sometimes I get a lecture about why they can't accomodate me. Sometimes I get charged for one plate. Sometimes I get charged as if I ate 3.  Sometimes I get told they only do that for stars like Woody Harelson, who ordered a barrel of it while filming here. If they could get to the point where they were a little more custumer friendly, I'd give them 5 stars!
4	Great food, would highly recommend.
5	Why do I love Luna's? Every time I eat here I leave feeling good.  It doesn't matter if your vegan, vegetarian, or a carnivore you will love Luna's. Yes it's a vegan restaurant but there is nothing on the menu that I haven't liked and I am no where close to being vegan.  There is nothing like Luna's in Charlotte in my opinion.  Luna's brings me back to some great veggie restaurants out in Silver Lake, CA.  We need Luna's in this city and I'm so glad they are here.
5	This place is a rare find in Charlotte. The vibe is more of something you would find in Portland or Asheville. Charlotte has so few places for the vegetarian and this place is great. I usually go for lunch and I'm a fan of the veggie burger. I know sounds boring and I'm a predictable type, but this is a great burger with a salad so beautiful you want to photo it. The greens taste like they were picked minutes before serving them. Always consistently beautiful, tender and fresh. I top it off with a power cleanse veggie juice. I leave feeling so good. Like each plate is blessed with some type of healing power.
4	My friend's friend ( brothers sister's cousin) came down for the weekend and he is vegan.This looked like the perfect spot.  As my sister is vegetarian/vegan, I knew that I wouldn't like this place.  I am the polar opposite of a vegan.  It would be like bringing a vegan to a bbq.  The smoothies were delicious and I didn't enjoy my food even though it looked very good.  So why four stars?  My friends absolutely loved this place.  The smiles of joy on their face on every bite made me realize how good this place was for them.  The waitress was attentive and put up with all my crap. She was a saint. So if you are like me and your diet consists of meat/fish/poultry and french fries are the only vegetable you eat, then this place won't work for you.  If you like veggies I am pretty sure this place will be right up your alley.
5	Wow amazing vegan food. I took my fiancee who is a huge carnivore and we got the burgers which were amazing. We went back two days in a row it was so good.
4	Delicious. Fresh. Vibrant. Loved my lunch there today. I have to say the food was perfectly balanced. I have absolutely nothing to complain about with the exception that I am a visual person and the decor........? I wish I could redo the place to make my eyes share the same experience as my mouth. All the same it is a must and I am grateful they are there. Ok...just pick up the clutter please!
4	Don't miss out on this gem. Their Collard Greens Wrap is heavenly. Smoothies are always a hit and you can't order anything not delicious. The prices are high but not many other spots like this in the area. Yum!
5	This place is awesome! The food is super healthy, tasty, and fairly priced. The staff is always friendly and attentive, and I never leave hungry. The food is packed with nutrients and stays with you for a while. One of my favorite places.You must try the Popeye Punch!
4	I dropped in Saturday morning after the farmer's market. Nice crowd and the staff was very friendly. All I had was a juice so I will have to come back and eat a "real" meal so I can do a full review. All the patrons looked happy and the vibe was very positive, lots of smiles and enthusiastic eating. My beet and carrot juice was good (kinda hard to mess that up) but I did knock off a star because it cost $8.12 for about a 14 ounce cup. Even with top quality organic ingredients how much could 4 carrots and half a beet cost?I'll be back to try some of the delicious sounding entrees.
4	I'm not a vegetarian and I love this place!  The fire and brimstone "burger" is awesome and definitely packs some heat.  Try it in the collard leaves for a weird but really good variation.  The salads are great (they'd better be for a veggie place) and of course, it's supposedly healthy!
5	Luna's is heaven for vegans. As you probably have heard, this is a raw food restaurant. I have had a couple things from here, but my favorite is the Fire & Brimstone veggie burger. It's a little spicy, but not as much as the name would suggest. However, it is quite possibly the best tasting veggie burger I have had. It's very earthy, meaning they aren't trying to make it taste like fake meat. Their desserts and fresh squeezed lemonade are also great. For being a raw restaurant, the prices are fairly reasonable. I have been to other raw places that were much more expensive. I can definitely recommend Luna's. Enjoy!
5	Delicious. I was in Charlotte for a week and went to Luna's for lunch or bfast every day. Fresh, organic, vegan, bold flavors - dazzling your senses!!! My partner isn't vegan but totally loved all the dishes as well. Smoothies were delicious as well.
5	Service was awesome. Biblical breakfast was super yummy. Can't wait to go back and try lunch!  Check their Facebook page for specials. Iced coffee had coffee ice cubes how smart!
5	Sweet Petunia I've never had a bad meal at Luna's. My only wish is that you were open for dinner! Wait time can be a little on the long side but I generally call ahead for a to-go order or plan on a leisurely lunch. Thanks Luna and crew for being awesome!
5	I love Luna's because you can feel good about what you're eating no matter what you order. Each dish is balanced with great nutrition, taste, unexpected ingredients and artful presentation. I highly recommend the Fire & Brimstone veggie burger.
5	So delicious!  Even my non-vegan husband enjoyed his veggie burger lunch!
4	if I could eat here every day, I don't think I would miss meat very often.  Seriously, it's that good!Luna's is a tiny little place tucked away in SouthEnd.  I never cease to be amazed at how full of flavor their dishes are.  My favorite is the Clinton Veggie Burger... it's SO yummy.  They use veggies and nuts and some other more exotic ingredients to provide a wonderful dining experience.  Everything is organic and very fresh.Don't pass up a look over their impressive smoothie and juice menus, too.  It's all good, but if you're curious, just ask the super friendly staff, they're very helpful.
5	Randomly stopped by while in Charlotte and had the best curry / hummus I have ever tasted. I wish they could ship their food to sf so I could eat it all day!
5	I've been meaning to try Luna's for the longest time. It has been literally months of anticipation! I'm somewhat of a health nut (that LOVES food) and it's kinda difficult to cook/find good, healthy food. I stumbled upon Luna's through yelp. The beautiful presentation displayed amongst the pictures convinced me that I HAVE to try this place.Sundays are normally my only free days. This is when I transform into a food wanderer, determined to venture on a food-discovering conquest. Sadly, Luna's is closed on Sundays (which I've forgotten on SEVERAL occasions). Luckily, I was able to take a weekday off work and decided to check out Luna's for lunch. The location was somewhat difficult to find. If it is your first time coming here, just turn into "Icehouse" (where the Atherton Mill and Market parking lot is) and go to the end. Luna's will be on your left.As we approached the restaurant, I see patio seating. It was such a beautiful day outside so we had to take advantage of the fresh air. I spotted several kids and toddlers in our neighboring tables. Luna's seems like a good, healthy place to take the family for a lovely lunch. The vibe is very relaxed/casual. I definitely got the raw/organic feel (even the soap is all natural!)Enough of my rambling.. onto the food! We ordered the Living Burrito and the Fire & Brimstone Veggie Burger. Both came with extensive salads consisting of a variety of local greens, cherry tomatoes, strings of carrots, sprouts, etc. The Veggie Burger was made from quinoa and surprisingly, VERY flavorful and filling! The best part of the Living Burrito has to be the homemade hot sauce. No matter what you order on the menu, you HAVE to ask for this hot sauce! Guess what we poured all over the Veggie Burger? HOT SAUCE! Overall, the meal was beautifully displayed and enticing to my taste buds. Instead of feeling sluggish and the normal drift into a food coma after a meal, I felt energized and ready to take over the world. I definitely recommend giving Luna's a try. You will not be disappointed!OH.. I almost forgot the smoothie! We tried the "Pinko Drinko" which consists of orange, berries, banana, acai, bee pollen, lemonade and ginger. I have horrible allergies this year so I figure something with bee pollen will be helpful. The ginger added a little kick to every sip. I definitely have to try another smoothie next time I'm here. Most likely, the Avocolada! It's basically a pina-colada.. WITH AVOCADO! Sounds like the best of my smoothie-loving world.
5	Firstly, I'm not a vegetarian. I'm also not a vegan. I do tend to eat a mediteranean diet but I don't deprive myself of anything I might be in the mood for. Yet when I read the reviews on this place I thought I had to try it. We came with low expectations, after all - how can one fill up on greens and grains most of which are raw with no meat whatsover?Well we were pleasantly surprised. The meals are 1/2 "living art" that just happens to be edible. Delicately diagonally cut cucumber slices "dipped" in blackened, toasted sesame seeds as garnish along with micro greens and sprouts. But the sauces were SUPERB! We're going back again just to experience what eating fresh is like. For someone that grows his own organic vegetables, I very appreciated how hard it is to have all these greens fresh each day. This place is so fresh next time I will have to bring a wooden spoon just for spanking.
5	Being a vegetarian I am very picky about where I eat and the location.  Luna's Living Kitchen stole my heart with their delicious quality foods & smoothies.  I ordered the veggie burger (fire/brim) and it was so yummy!  I will go back there to try the other options to find my favorite! The location is kind of hidden but once you find it, you'll want to go back for more.  Its a hidden treasure for vegetarians!!!!
4	This is the adorable little vegan place that you did not expect to find in the land of BBQ. Luna's is like the little hippie English major you knew from college whose parents love NASCAR while she quotes Yeats(and that time you had dinner with her folks, things just didn't make any sense at all).Anyhow - The fire & brimstone burger is pretty darn good. So is the lasagna.However, the real winner is the hummus plate with cranberry bread. Although the portion is small, the flavor packs a huge punch. Do not miss this item.
5	Great living/raw food restaurant :) friendly service!!! Glad to have stumbled upon this place. I'll be back for sure :)
5	I'm sorry, I don't care that it's expensive. It's worth it, and I feel better about myself after I eat it. Plus their food just keeps getting better. That's right - Luna's is one of a select small group of places that keep getting better- Sunflour, Fiamma and Luna's.  I have never had anything I didn't like here. Their new menu has some incredible new offerings from the rawkin taco salad to the sweet fruit and nut salad (a sweet salad doesn't sound like it works but it does with a uniquely Asian twist.)  The candied pecans are like nut crack.  The side salads that come with it come with great cashew topping and tahini dressing that is great but often unnecessary because everything is so delicious and filling!  Because of that, I think the only item that is really out of line in terms of "value" is the juice. I think $8-10 for juice is a bit much. The marinated kale salad has such a nice orange flavor.They also make little bites that they call cookies but I call little energy nuggets (anything to help you sleep at night, Jules!) in delicious flavors like lemon and "monkey bites" with cacao nibs and pure cane sugar.  They're a nice sweet that don't make you hate yourself.  They also have their original macaroons but now orange or yin and yang (chocolate and white). I have occasionally seen the monkey bites in other places like Healthy Home Market.I continue to return and it's probably a dangerous thing that my office is around the corner.  Luna's is the perfect place for vegetarians, vegans, pescetarians or anyone who wants to respect themselves. :)
5	AMAZING food! The Lunasagna is my favorite. I really dig the new layout as well. A must try even if you are not Vegan or Vegetarian. You will not be disappointed. I'm a carnivore and I love this place.
4	Being the lone vegan (as per usual) in our group, I thought it would perhaps be wise to hurriedly scarf down some lunch before we descended upon a BBQ joint.  And a quick Yelp search led me here. I ordered the Lunasagna, which apparently only required 15-20 minutes to prep, so I assume it has been at least partially pre-made because my other "raw food" experiences did require a bit of patient waiting.  I also picked up a couple of raw cookie duo packets upon retrieving my styrofoam box because I was intrigued.  Definitely not one of those thriftier lunches at around $25 with tip, but it's not often I treat myself to raw vegan deliciousness.  My advice is to not expect a typical lasagna because you'll surely be disappointed.  It's more like a generous pat of creamy nuts, raw tomato paste, and herbs (I tasted mint).  The raw zucchini isn't very flavorful itself, the tomato was probably the most potent flavor.  I love tomato of all kinds, so I was rather fond of the Lunasagna.  The raw lasagna I had forever ago in Austin may have been tastier but this was a perfect lunch and fueled me along for a rather busy day.  The accompanying side salad was pretty great as well, but I think the it was the amazing salad dressing that in fact won me over.So here's a tip, the cookies consists mainly of coconut, so if you hate coconut, stay far far away.  They weren't too delectable, but I think they were super for random nibbles before I relocated to carnivores terroritory.
4	Finally I made it to Luna's. So glad they extended their hours. I am an unabashed carnivore who will eat anything with four legs, but a table. And I really enjoyed what I've tried so far ... The living burrito and the west coast wrap. I am loving the collard wraps by the way. I would have never thought to do that. I like my food to have a kick so I ordered a side of hot sauce. Also very tasty.
4	This was the second restaurant I ever tried in Charlotte (the food court at Ikea was the first, which totally counts in my opinion).  I am not a vegetarian or vegan, but I'm a HUGE fan of restaurants who know how to do it right.  Luna certainly knows how to do it right!My lunch began with an Incan Warrior smoothie.  I had no idea which smoothie I wanted because everything on the menu sounded good, so I asked our server for a recommendation.  When I told her I would be ordering the Fire & Brimstone veggie burger, she suggested pairing it with the Incan Warrior.  She made a good suggestion.  The hint of cinnamon in the Incan Warrior paired quite nicely with the spice of the burger.My friend ordered the Pure Vida carrot juice, which I was excited to try.  It was bomb!!  Maybe some of the freshest carrot juice I've ever tasted.  They make all their Pure Vidas daily.The Fire & Brimstone veggie burger was mildly spicy (I can handle a lot of spice though, so be warned if you don't handle spice too well) and very flavorful.  It came with a very refreshing side salad.If I lived in the Charlotte area I would return really soon so that I could try some other menu items, particularly the Living Burrito, which I almost ordered and which looked delicious on a nearby table.
5	Awesome food selection and very friendly staff! Such a great healthy restaurant to have in Charlotte
5	Worth the money. It's raw. It's vegan.  It's completely unique and unlike any other restaurant I've ever been to.  It is a must if you are visiting the Charlotte area. Everything is so fresh and they make most of their vegan-friendly milks and juices in house. Ultimately, this is a great place that creates excellent dishes that are healthy for the mind, body, spirit, and environment.
3	Interesting, beautiful food but too expensive for what I got. $14.50 for a meatless salad is a bit much (yes, I know it's vegan but still...). And it seems like if I'm going to pay $18 for a lunch, I could at least get my water in a non-plastic cafeteria cup with ice.
5	So first off, I do work here.  I'm not vegan, but I have become a vegetarian since I started here a few months ago.  I've lost some weight and have done a complete turn around of the food I consume on a daily basis.  I ate mostly junk food and tons of meat.  I've never felt and been healthier. The Rawco Taco Salad is just tasty, and a treat I get almost weekly now.  The juices are addictive and very filling.  I've been eating the veggie burgers wrapped in collard leaves alot lately.  Muesli is amazing.  Seriously, everything is good.  Every meal is delicious and I feel so lucky to work here.  I'm moving soon, and will miss the people and food of Luna's every day. Try everything.  It's worth the price.  Your body and mind will thank you as you bounce out the door.
4	Such a great vegetarian place! Love the atmosphere and outdoor seating area. I'm a huge fan of their cold pressed juices and they even give it to you in a glass that you can take home with you which I then use for my homemade juices that I take to work. They have a variety of tasty options and never disappoint. I took my friend from Cali here and she loved it. I just wish we had someplace this cool on the South side of Charlotte.
2	Portlandia meets Charlotte. Unfriendly and snobby in the way only hipsters can be. Unless you look and act like them you're invisible. Is it local?
4	Visiting town on a business trip and was looking for something healthy to get my morning going.  Found this place on yelp and boy am I glad! I went w the buckwheat blaster and it was super good!!!!! Everything is raw and vegan and just amazinggg! I also got an Ogre smoothie with protein added to go and it kept me full all day! Defintely going to be back here again!
4	I am no raw foodist, nor am I vegan or vegetarian.  In fact, I eat meat, and often - beef, pork, chicken, etc.  But that doesn't mean I can't appreciate great food that's tasty, innovative, and healthy.Favorites include the west coast wrap, fire and brimstone veggie burger, coconut milk, and the ogre smoothie.  The ogre is a bit of a sugar rush, but that didn't stop me from having two in one day...just saying.  A bit expensive, but that's to be expected when you use high-quality fresh ingredients and make most things from scratch.  Would have been 5 stars but I've had to wait a while for my food before.  The last time I went it didn't take too long, so maybe they've been working on it.I'm really happy about the new extended hours - I used to only be able to go here on weekends because of my work commute and work schedule, but now I can enjoy Luna's 6 days a week if I feel like it.
5	Our 2 boys are huge meat eaters and were very upset when we told them we were going to Luna's for Saturday night dinner, especially as our youngest hates hummus. We first let them choose a smoothie - that went down really, really well, they are both gym buffs, so "The Gray Hulk" was their choice, they loved it. Then we ordered them the hummus appetizers - knowing too well what the reaction would be - but as soon as the youngest tried it - his face lit up, "This is delicious - this hummus is fantastic!" We all ordered different food, all of us saying we were glad we had made the choice because it was amazing. We couldn't resist but order desserts too - the chia pudding was to die for and the cheesecake - it was pure heaven!! The food in this restaurant is first class, I know other vegetarian restaurants serve good food, but this is a cut above the rest and Luna's can boast organic food too, that's why the prices are what they are. Anyone out there who eats meat - this food can turn you around, absolutely everything on the menu tastes divine and everything they serve is top notch nutrition. Absolutely recommend this place to everyone, even meat eaters and picky eaters, this food just bursts with flavor and goodness.Now our boys first choice to eat out is at Luna's.
5	This place is becoming my go to staple!  I love everything about Luna's!!!  The smoothies, the breakfast, the coffee - all are great!If you go, you must try the taco salad!  You will NOT be dissapointed!
5	A little disappointed that they were out of the veggie burger but it just made me try something new and I'm so glad I did the living burrito was awesome!  Followed up by a vegan macaroon and the best cup of coffee ever.  I'm still thinking about the coffee why does it taste so good?  I recommend asking for some coconut milk with your coffee addicting.
4	Hands down the best Vegan restaurant in Charlotte!  I travel here on business and Luna's is the first and last place I go!The Fire and Brimstone burger is wonderful and probably the best item on the menu is the Living Burrito.  Try the Ginger Ale, you'll think you're drinking something with some sort of liquor in it, it's Fantastic!  Anyone would love this place but be prepared to pay the price and wait just a little longer but it's all worth it!
4	Great Reasons to go:The service is great.The food is delicious, organic, local and great tasting vegan cuisine.Prices are reasonable.My one "negative" commentPortions could be bigger!If this is the first time here do be prepared for smaller portions the entrees are the size of an appetizer in my opinion which happens to fill me up but my husband always needs to get 2 entrees.
4	Wonderful healthy place to eat in the trendy little neighborhood. Simple, clean industrial-esque decor. Attentive and knowledgeable wait staff. Helpful in making menu suggestions to someone new to vegan yet not new to eating healthy. Had the Fire & Brimstone quinoakamut veggie burger. Warm and toasty with a little kick but not HOT so don't be afraid to try. Also took out a Flux Thruster Atom Pulsar smoothie which was suggested to exchange a milk option for the normal lemonade to make it taste like a creamsicle - YUM! Great place to eat wisely and have you body thank you.
5	Loved this place! I think I've just found my newest obsession..The veggie burger and side salad was delicious- I feel full but not stuffed (perfect for lunch). I also got an iced coffee with coffee ice cubes and house-made almond milk and I would like to give credit to said coffee for the speediness of this review. I'm excited to go back and try other things on the menu!
5	My first raw restaurant and I am now officially hooked. This place not only has a cool atmosphere and a great vibe...but the food is off the charts!I split a kale salad and a veggie burger with my daughter. Both were incredibly flavorful. I would have loved to have eaten the whole burger. Addicting and it was the best I ever had. And I have eaten a lot of veggie burgers. How do they do it? Don't know but I loved it.Also had a fresh pressed greens juice which was in a jar. Fantastic. And the organic coffee? Great as well.I will return to Charlotte just to go here!Fantastic!!!
5	Went to Charlotte for the weekend and my wife and I were just blown away by Luna's. The local green salad was the best salad I ever ate, no hyperbole. The greens were out of this world and so was the dressing and the addition of the Brazil nut "parmesan". Also had the classic veggie burger which was absolutely fantastic; the bread used was top notch. We also had the lunasagna and a brownie which were very good as well (brownie is almost too rich for me...though the creme used on top helped balance it).If I ever get back to Charlotte, will definitely be going to Luna's again.
5	A-MAZING!!! I love veggies but my hubby is more of a meat and potatoes guys, but he LOVED Luna's. I would def recommend their food. You leave the place feeling refreshed and satisfied. Can't wait to go again!
5	Oh my gosh!! Please don't tell my husband, but I'm in love...with Luna's! I can't believe it took me so long to try this gem. If in doubt as to what to order, you can't go wrong with the Lunasagna. It was divine! As a vegetarian, I have always wanted to go vegan but cheese has been my main weakness. Well, Luna's vegan cashew-basil cheese could turn me vegan! The dish truly was AMAZING!!The lemonade is perfect with just the right combination of sweetness and tartness. For ginger lovers, like myself, the Pinko Drinko is a must! Be aware that they are very generous with the ginger.In addition to the wonderful food & juice bar, the service was excellent. Waking in the door at 12:15 on a Saturday, we arrived at just the right time to be seated immediately. Any later and we would have been waiting for a table.If you are a vegetarian or vegan, do yourself a favor and try Luna's. I think this place could turn a meat eater vegan!
5	My frist time at lunas an I was ready to go back the next day. I had stopped by Saturday when going to the farmer's market and they were PACKED. I picked up a menu and ordered to go from work... had the fire & brimstone 'burger' with salad. The salad was super fresh, the hemp dressing amazing.. burger was full of flavor and had a nice spice to it, the bread was fresh baked and delishious. I also had the ginerade which was super fresh and gingery (is that a word? hah!)... the prices are on the higher side but you are paying for quality food that is really fresh and healthy... as they say you get what you pay for. I will definately be back there again soon.
4	I am not a raw eater, vegan, or even a vegetarian, in fact, I think my stomach would get up and walk out of my body if I went 2 days without eating meat, but good food is good food!I've been to Luna's 5 times and have never been able to stray away from the Fire & Brimstone veggie burger. I don't care if this burger is made of grass, tofu, or flowers, it's simply delicious and much more flavorful than many other "real" burgers I've had in the past. It also comes with a nice little side salad, I'm not sure what type of dressing they put on top, but it's absolutely delicious.I stick with the Fire & Brimstone burger not only because I love it, but also because at $10, that is the cheapest thing on the menu. I know they use locally sourced organic ingredients and that is expensive for the restaurant, but I would definitely venture out and try more things if the prices were a bit lower, would also eat here a lot more often too if that was the case. But for a healthy and delicious lunch at a bit of a splurge (for me at least, $15 after tax and tip) this is the place to go!
5	I love, love Luna's!!  Mu hubby and I have eaten there several times and he was not a fan at first.  We have been vegans for a year( with some occasional cheats) but if we go out to eat this is our first stop.  The lunasagna is fantastic and my husband is a new convert with the fire and Brimstone burger!!  The kale lemonade is great and we love all their juices.  They just introduced dessert and OMG-----Unbelieveable for a vegan raw dessert!  The chocolate kind of brownie dish and the fruit cheesecake lasted about 2 seconds with my husband and I since we were fighting over who could get more dessert!  While it is pricey to dine there, we do not have to worry about oils, transfats or other noxious hidden stuff In their food and the bonus is that such care goes into the recipes.  Luna's is looking to open another location and we are praying that they open in South Charlotte near Ballantyne!
3	I would like to start by saying that the food here is really good. The attention that they pay to the detail of their food can be compared to an artist. They are definitely a gourmet vegan restaurant and the variety of menu options is impressive. Where they loose me starts with their prices. A veggie burger with a juice can set you back $20 not including tip. I have left there more than once still hungry because if you order wrong you are getting a salad wrap with a side salad and no carbs or not enough protein to fill you up. I really wish we could get an affordable veggie option in the neighborhood. I miss my vegetarian buffets from home! Maybe Lunas will do a $5 veggie burger? I wish!
5	Ok, I have a confession. I'm addicted! For a whole week I ate here 3 times a day. :|I know, I know. Here are my favs: lunasagna, fire & brimstone in a collard, the tricolor hummus! OMG!!! soooooo gooood. The juices are healthy and fresh. The Purple Purpoise is my fav smoothie, hands down! The hemp salad dressing --- i'm speechless. How can vegan, veg, raw be sooooo damn GOOD! Wait.... the fresh almond milk.. I stock up on it weekly since I mix my daily protein shakes in it.
4	Now, I'm not vegan/vegetarian and some days, I'm not even cool; However, I'm very much all about this place. The food was amazing. I actually felt better after eating it! I'm forcing all my friends to go and check it out."But why only 4 stars thennnnnn?"Well for one, I'm broke...like, all the time. So I can't afford to drop $7-8 on a juice mix and what not. So the pricing is not super. The art and the clean style of everything is really awesome but there's a space issue. There's just not a ton of seating and I'm super claustrophobic so I wasn't stellar on that. My service was ehhhhhh. But like I said, the food was just out of this world-I'd go again for sure.
5	Met a friend here for a business lunch. As everyone else has stated, the food is terrific. I had the Fire and Brimstone Burger, but didn't notice any real heat to the sandwich. Next time I'll have to ask them to add more sauce. The service was a tad slow, but very friendly and knowledgeable. This will definitely be on my return list.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! I make sure to visit every time I'm in the area. The food is healthy and full of delicious flavors- the perfect combo. The drinks and desserts are also very very tasty. Anything you order here will satisfy your taste buds. You will leave feeling pleasantly satisfied and happy after eating here. Highly recommend this place.
5	Traveling from FL to Ohio & found Luna's on Yelp. As a vegan it's tough to find good food on the road but WOW! Had the spicy quinoa-kamut burger on a raw collard green wrap. Absolutely delicious and perfectly spiced. So happy I found this place!
4	Glad to have found this place while visiting north carolina. Organic fresh ingredients with delicious raw food options and cold pressed juices. We got the lasagna, taco salad, some green juices, the chocolate pudding, and brownie. All were great. Highly recommended this place if you live in or are visiting the area.
5	i'm only in NC for 3 days, I ate here 2 nights in a row. It was fresh, delicious, and beautiful. I had the kale lemonade and the kale juice, both were great, especially because when you're travelling it can be so hard to get all your veggies and whole foods in. Totally wish I could try more of the juices! The juice cleanse sounded interesting as well, although pretty sure it would leave a huge dent in your wallet. Juices are also available in a refrigerator near the cash register, I assume so you can grab them on the go. Lots of people were ordering on the phone and picking up, this could be an awesome option to bring for a romantic picnic or something!
5	This is a holy place. Seriously, the food is fabulous whether you are vegan or not (I am not). It is exceptional.
5	Wow, I was blown away with my first visit to Luna's!  I had this place on my bookmark list to try for a long time, but didn't make the effort to go until my trainer was recently raving about their Rawco Taco salad.So naturally, when I FINALLY went, that is exactly what I decided to order.  The salad was a large size and full of fresh organic lettuce. It also features fresh avocado, pico de gallo, meaty walnut almond crumbles and cashew sour cream.  It also comes with the most delicious hot sauce (I had to order a second serving of the hot sauce, that stuff is YUMMY!) and raw herbed veggie triangles.  The salad definitely filled me up and it was so delicious! I am craving it again just thinking about it!  The salad was $14.50, so it was a bit on the pricey side for lunch, but I absolutely adored it! I couldn't resist trying their Ginger Ale. The ginger ale is made with fresh Ginger juice, lemonade, carbonated water, and agave.  It was really tasty but at $6.00, it was a bit of a splurge. As much as I loved the Rawco Taco salad, on my next visit, I'd really like to try the Lunasagna.  I really wish this place was a little closer to my neighborhood so I could eat here more frequently.
4	Excellent, yummy, FRESH food. Wish I could have lunch there every day but unfortunately they are quite pricey.
5	I recently had the chance to visit Luna's during the NENA911 convention in Charlotte.  I enjoyed it so well that I made 3 visits during my 5 day stay.  I even talked 3 others in my group into going.  All three of them are meat eaters and they loved the fire & brimstone veggie burgers.  I tried giayas treasure which was delicious as well.  The other 2 visits I got the Power cleanse Juice and the Chia bowl for breakfast.  Awesome job Luna.  Keep up the good work.
5	SO awesome! I drive from Indian Trail just for the Lunasagna. So fresh, healthy, filling, creative, DELICIOUS! Small place, so get there early (or late!).
5	This is the best food in all of Charlotte! Everything is fresh, vegan, organic. AMAZING! My favs are the rawco taco salad & the Skinny Witch. Their fresh juices are fabulous. The Ogre is to die for & includes coffee, chocolate & banana. I buy the Cacao Granola every couple weeks when I'm in the area. I'm addicted.
3	Nice atmosphere. Really clean. First time doing a true Vegan restaurant.
4	Place is money, the creativity and attention to detail on the menu really stood out to me, I mean naming the items after traditional dishes burrito, spaghetti, lasagna, cheesecake, etc. you serious? brilliant!  This give you a good idea of what you are getting, but you really don't know until it comes out.  I look forward to going back and working through the rest of the menu, and i am not even vegan.  I am all about quality and healthy concepts similar to what they have going at LLK, good South End feel to the place also.  I don't think I'll be doing their Juice cleanses though, got wheat grass?I had the spaghetti with bolognese which was zuccini as pasta and shitake mushrooms sauce, very flavorful and tasty.  Basil and avocado sandwich also looked to be solid, I couldn't get a bite from my date so I guess that is a good thing.  We also had the lemon tart dessert, I have no clue what is made of nor did i really care, it was good!
5	Luna's never ceases to amaze! Each time I visit the food is superb. On my recent visit, I enjoyed two new menu items, the zucchini spaghetti and tiramisu. Bother dishes were well balanced, complex and well, just delicious! In addition to great food, the friendly wait staff makes the meal that much better!
1	The hummus tasted like a dirty arm pit.  Seriously... How do you mess up hummus?
4	While visiting Charlotte for the first time, I did a quick Yelp search and Luna's Living Kitchen came up as a top place to dine.  My colleague and I dropped by for lunch before the end of our business trip and Luna's was bustling!  We were seated promptly and shown the menus.  I ordered the Gaia's Treasure with an Iced Coffee made with coconut milk.  I was very happy with my meal, it was fresh, flavourful and not to mention delicious.  I was too full for dessert but was almost tempted to take some of their cheesecake to-go.  My colleague was a big fan of the Rawco Taco salad he ordered.  Service was great and the staff were super friendly.I will definitely be back on future visits to the Charlotte area.
4	Excellent first time here..I ordered the Fitz veggie burger. It had a little spice to it, which always excites my tastebuds. I will def come back in the day time for smoothies.
5	I was highly surprised by this place. Loved everything I got there and can't wait to go again. They also have the best house salad dressing in Charlotte!
4	OMG! I seriously had no idea that raw vegan could taste so good. And I'm a serious meat eater.It's a bit of a hidden gem (literally) -  my hubby and I took a couple of turns in the parking lot before we found it.  Boy - it was well worth the effort! Luna's is a wonderfully charming place, bright and cheery, with their mission well represented in the restaurant.  I don't know if our server could tell it was our first time - maybe it was our intense study of the menu or what - but he was super nice in making recommendations. I settled on the Spaghetti Bolognese and my husband had the Living Burrito. We also started off with a kale lemonade.  The lemonade was a bit of a surprise - while good, it took me a little while to warm up to it. The spaghetti was amazing. I ate all of it and I didn't even want to share but I did. My husband really liked the burrito! Who knew that a collard leaf could double as a wrap? Luna knew, that's who!We topped off our dinner with the lemon-berry cheesecake (our  fighting forks made an appearance). I swear, there was no way in telling that it did not have an ounce of dairy in it! We left feeling satisfied AND healthy.  We'll definitely be back.  Next time, Lunasagna for me please!
5	I am surprise the food  as very  very delicious. I try colombia lemonade  $ 6 litle bit sour but good  and i eat almost lick my plate of lasagna  yummi.I will back soon for more
4	Real juice smoothies and much more goodness
3	Luna's has such a unique and creative menu. Everything is fresh, nutritious and beautifully-presented. I wish more restaurants in Charlotte cared so much for the environment and the health of their customers.My main complaint (and the reason it's only 3 stars) is the price: I've often left Luna's still hungry despite spending well over $20 for my meal... I understand that eating local, organic and raw racks up the cost, but at least they could make the portions a little larger to make up for the price tag?Oh well.
5	Weather you're raw, vegan, vegetarian, or none of the above, this is an awesome place to eat a meal. Everything there is vegan BUT you don't have to be a vegan to love it. Every dish is bursting with flavor and health. It's too good. I love the spicy veggie burger, the raw lasagna is awesome, the raw burrito with homemade hot sauce is incredible. Can be expensive if you're married or dating and you both get drinks and a meal but you're definitely getting your money's worth. Every dish is presented with passion and always looks pretty. their breakfast is awesome too. I have never had anything but amazing experiences here.
4	Went to Luna's for the first time. I got to try half of the avocado and sprout sandwich and half of the fire and brimstone veggie wrap. Both were delicious!  The Fire and Brimstone was loaded with flavor. We had it wrapped and wow, I didn't miss the bread. I loved this "burger" patty too. It had so much flavor and the consistency was great.  I'm not sure if I would have loved it so much without the spicy flavoring. The only reason it doesn't get a 5 is that it is pretty pricey. However, you are getting what you pay for, the ingredients are quality, but it's not an everyday eat at the prices. We will be back!
5	Luna's is God's gift to vegans. Seriously, nobody does vegan raw in a more palate pleasing way. First thing to note is that nothing is cooked. Everything is really raw and creatively constructed. From the lunasagna to the rawco taco salad to the breakfast options, juices and smoothies, you really can't go wrong.Recently, I indulged in the chia breakfast bowl. Oatmeal, move over. This creamy, tapioca-like concoction is served with fresh fruit and I practically inhaled it. I'd happily order it again. After every time I come to Luna's, I walk away full. But full in a very pleasant way.Yes, the prices are higher than you'd imagine for just eating vegetables, but you must bear in mind that these are artfully and lovingly prepared dishes. And after having met the owner and seeing her passion for bringing quality, healthy food to the people of Charlotte, there's no way you can knock it.So head over to Luna's. Enjoy a delicious, vegan adventure.
4	I'm not a vegan, but this place is pretty top notch. Fresh ingredients, excellent plating, and fantastic execution. I got the highly recommended fire veggie burger which was delicious! I would try it with lettuce wrap next time. My friend got the living burrito and this was even better. Was a great experience, and I'm excited to try again.
4	I was able to land an outside table on this beautiful day.  Our server was pretty no nonsense, putting one in mind of a raw food dominatrix.  In a good way!  I enjoyed the Tree of Life juice.  I ordered it with the cayenne pepper, using every spicy granule.  My friend enjoyed the Zinger, a beet based juice with beautiful color.  I had the Rawco Taco Salad, complete with avocados, vegan sour cream and, most importantly, hot sauce!  Can you tell that I am a junky for the spicy?  Who is the dominatrix now?!  Delicious, a sizeable amount and healthy beyond belief!  The only thing that would make it better is if they offered vegan wine.  Hint, hint!
5	The food was delicious and I felt amazing after eating so healthy!!! Will go back again soon.
5	On a recent visit to Charlotte a friend brought me to Luna's because I have food allergies which include dairy, egg and wheat.  She knew there would be plentiful options and I love raw food restaurants.  Luna's did a fantastic job.  There menu was unlike other raw restaurants I've been to around the country which shows their creativity and uniqueness.  I had the living burrito and it was delicious and filling.  The dressing on the side salad served with the burrito (collard wrap) was also very yummy.  The establishment was clean, kind, and we had the sweetest waitress wait on us.Highly recommend getting an outside table if they are available.
5	Amazing food! Thank you to the gorgeous hair dresser from Salon42 (Kristal) who recomend this place!
4	So excited that we just moved only a block away from this place! Luna's serves only plant-based meals. Most of their meals are served raw so be careful not to envision hot meals when looking at the menu. My husband was tricked by this once when he ordered the lunasagna and it was served cold. They use delicious fresh vegetables and their salads are amazing! I always get the rawco taco salad and it has the best mixture of flavors using avocados, onions, tomatoes, almonds, cashew sour cream on top and a side of house made hot sauce. So delicious and filling but be warned you'll have the worst onion breath that will linger for hours.They also have lots of smoothies and juices to choose from. We usually pass on these because they're $8 a piece and we could easily end up spending over $50 for lunch.Head to Luna's Living Kitchen to fuel up on some delicious veggies and whole grains and take a break from the usual greasy and fried food.
4	Ginger-Ale with ginger juice, lemonade, and agave was amazing.  Fire and Brimstone wrap wasn't half bad either.  Probably would have moved this review to 5 stars...but they don't accept American Express which is kind of a big deal.  Good vegan food...great juices.
5	All green and living food that tastes amazing. My favorite meal, the burritos with extra brazil nuts and pure vida juice.
4	Came here for a late lunch. Service was attentive and helpful with suggestions. Had the burrito and it was delicious! I was full but didn't feel weighed down. I also had the tiramisu and that was just ok. Overall a great find! I would come back again if I am ever back in the area.
4	Even if you're not a vegan or vegetarian, you'll find something tasty here. Additionally, it's raw prepared food, which you don't find very often. They offer a dynamic menu, including smoothies,cold-pressed juices and even dessert. I had the "Living Burrito"  which was wrapped in a collard leaf rather than the typical gluten-filled tortilla. Instead of rice and beans, it was "sunflower refried beans" and "cauliflower rice." The house made hot sauce was out of this world; I wish they bottled it. The food leaves you feeling energized rather than heavy and groggy.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars is the price. I am fully aware that serving delicious, fresh produce is not something that comes cheaply, but unfortunately I just can't afford this place often,  making it a every-now-and-again kind of place. But, one thing's for sure, I will be going back to Luna's Living Kitchen as long as it's open!
5	this place was fantastic. needed a nutricious and delicious meal And found both. really cool part of town too. I had he lunasagna and my gf had the rawco taco salad. both of us were exceedingly happy. plus their water was delicious. service was quick, friendly, and attentive if we are back in the area we are definitely.coming back!
5	Luna's has become a go-to lunch spot for me and my friends when I want to go out but want to feel good about what I'm eating. To that end, I would very highly recommend the veggie burger wrapped in a collard leaf. It is healthy and tasty as fuck. Also the living burrito: tons of southwesterny flavors (the cauliflower rice is especially awesome) all wrapped together like a big phat burrito, but without the gut rot that comes later. In fact, eating this food is like giving your digestive tract a high five, fist pound and chest bump all at once... a hifipochebu, if you will.To complement their menu full of clean eats, the restaurant has an especially clean look. Lots of white and wood. It's worth noting that the place is also impeccably clean - not a speck of dirt to be found.You may notice when you go to Luna's that their juices and smoothies are quite a bit on the expensive side. Well, first of all, jive turkey, this ain't yo fuckin' calorie-laden, full of preservatives, nasty-ass Smoothie King. The ingredients that Luna's uses are of the highest quality, fresh, organic ingredients available. So, while your wallet may shed a tear, your taste buds and body will thank you.Anyway, come by Luna's sometime. You may see me in the corner tearing into a burrito.
5	Finally got around to trying the Lunasagna...it is good and comes with a really nice salad.  Other things I have tried on recent visits include the Kale Lemonade and Gateway To Green. So far, everything has been really good.  The Rawco Taco Salad is still my favorite entree but on my next visit, I really need to branch out &  try something else. I feel so healthy everytime I eat here...I really wish we had a place like this out in Ballantyne!
5	Delicious food and smoothies.  It's just as good as the top name raw places in NYC. I am very picky due to my gluten allergy. This is a great healthy food business.  I highly recommend!
5	While traveling for work in Charlotte, I found Luna's on a random Google map search and decided to check out this South End location. While I do pursue a vegan eating lifestyle, I was still a bit mystified by the idea of raw. And, when I arrived and discovered that it was also no soy, I thought: well how do they do it?They do it just fine, I quickly discovered upon diving into the Tri-Color Hummus appetizer. The roasted chipotle was my favorite of the three sunflower-seed based flavors, and the cranberry-walnut bread accompanying the hummus was incredibly delicious, especially with the nice toasted crunch. I also ordered the Spinach Temptation Salad (I saw topped with marinated beet salad and was sold!). Wow. the freshness of the food brought out flavors I had never experienced before. I wanted to lick that bowl clean.Next time I'm in Charlotte, I will be back. And, I will try to leave room for dessert, as they all looked and sounded amazing. This is a must try, for vegans, non-vegans, and all in between! You will appreciate what simple gestures can do to enrich and enhance food in ways unimaginable.
3	I am giving this place three stars because I understand that it is no small feat to open a raw vegan restaurant. Overall, though, I was not very impressed. Very loud interior. We were initially led to a dirty table. We got the hummus appetizer and I ordered the fire and brimstone burger on collard greens. While the food was tasty, it was under-seasoned and I needed an entire ramekin of hot sauce to get my burger anywhere near "brimstone" level. For dessert we split the Yin-Yang macaroons. Although they were pretty tasty, I think both flavors tasted of almonds (presumably both were made with almond flour) and were one-note.
5	This place rocks! I don't understand why people say it's expensive here. I went for lunch and got a Kale salad with a smoothie for $15. Both were so good! I'm a new Vegan so it was refreshing to go to a restaurant without worrying. My server was very friendly and helpful. Like others have said this place is pretty small and crowded inside but the food and service makes up for it.
4	Small joint but really tasty food!I am typically a carnivore but I like a good vegetarian meal once in a while. Charlotte is not an easy place for Vegetarians but I must say this place seems to be paradise for them (at least for one of my colleague who is a hardcore vegetarian). Everything we tested had interesting flavors. Good natural juice blends as well. Everybody in my team was satisfied and we are going back for sure :)
4	I was looking for a vegan place to have lunch. Not only did I get that but free wi-fi (bonus plug :-) I had the veggie burger wrapped in collard came /w salad I also ordered a Zinger Juice (beets, lemon, apple, orange). I was very impressed /w the quality of the food and the taste. I paid $21 which is noticeably higher then ZiZi's which I frequent on the north side of Charlotte. But, as a former vegan I know that eating green is never cheap. You pay now or pay later with your health. I will return!
5	Absolutely love this place!!! Their food is amazing. A must try is the rawco taco salad.   I hope to be back soon so I can try other menu items that seem delish!
5	I love this place. I could eat here every day!
5	I've been here twice and both times were great! Loved the fig spread appetizer with cranberry-walnut bread! Both entrees I had were tasty and leave you feeling satisfied and healthy not weighed down with greasy food. I first time I came I tried the veggie burger on collard green wrap. The collard green wrap was a great added touch for a little something different! I've also tried the avocado and veggie sandwich-yum! I can't wait to come back to try breakfast here sometime!! The restaurant had a great vibe and lovely patio area to enjoy your food when it's warm outside. Beware though because space is limited and you may have to wait for a table during busy lunch times. Luna's has become a new favorite place to eat when I am in the area. There are so many delicious looking menu items it's always so hard to choose what to get!!
5	Outstanding!!! My favorite place to eat so far in Charlotte. I enjoyed the living burrito. It was Sooo delicious. Highly recommend it as well as the pumpkin pie and tiramisu desssert.  I can't wait to come back and try all their dishes....:)
5	Clean, efficient, friendly and incredibly mouthwatering creative concoctions!  Walnuts, under the spell in Luna's kitchen, are crafted into an exceptional "taco" salad, zucchini becomes spaghetti, cauliflower transforms into "rice."  Doesn't matter that everything is served raw, the taste makes up for the lack of heat. Visit on a weekday so you can stop in the wonderful whole foods market right next door. Luna's Living Kitchen has now become our annual stop on our yearly trip south. And it's always sad when the goodies I bring home from her "bakery" are gone-means I have to wait another year I get more! Please start a mail order business Luna!
5	This my my new favorite restaurant in Charlotte!  The service was attentive and helpful - and the FOOD IS AMAZING!  There are so many delicious options.  I ordered the Gaia's Treasure - a raw "stir fry" with shiitake, zucchini noodles, carrots, cauliflower "rice" and a sesame ginger sauce.  It was life changing - so flavorful, light and filling!  Even the side salad was awesome!  Usually I try the side salad and don't pay it much attention at other restaurants, it feels like a throw away.  However, at Luna's, the side salad was so delicious I took a bite and couldn't stop eating it until it was all gone!  The raw cashew, sesame dressing is so savory and delicious.  I highly recommend Luna's for the vegans, vegetarians AND meat eaters out there - this restaurant will make you appreciate that delicious non-meat food exists!  You may not give up meat at the end of your meal, but you'll feel full, and probably want to order more to go for the next day.  So amazing!
5	Love their creamy smoothies! The perfect post workout to-go drink. You can't go wrong with the Incan Warrior or the Grey Hulk, the latter being my favorite. Haven't tried anything more substantial on their actual menu but I am making it my 2014 goal to get through their entire smoothie list. They also sell a variety of cold presses individually or as part of a cleanse diet which would be interesting to try.
4	Before moving to Charlotte, I did a mini tour of the vegan/vegetarian offering the city had and came across Luna. I have yet to try a full blown meal here but I did try the cheesecake and it was phenomenal and thus this rating is for my cheesecake experience only. The decor is very cute and the staff was very helpful. They do have a very good menu that I believe changes and they also have juices available that they make in house. They even have a juice cleanse program that you could participate in!In summary, a very positive vegan/vegetarian experience.
4	I wanted to try a vegan/raw food restaurant and this place looked very promising.I ordered the lunasagna, which was one of the most unique dishes I've ever tasted. It was packed with flavor and freshness. I've never had a meatless/raw food meal that left me satisfied until I came here.Unfortunately, I don't have the kind of budget to come here often, but trust me I would if I could, especially for the sake of eating healthy. It's also a fresh dining experience for those who leave restaurants feeling heavy, greasy, and tired.
5	I was not sure when going to this all vegan restaurant what I was going to get. Either it would be absolutely amazing or it would taste like I was eating leaves off a maple tree.I was so surprised at how good my living burrito was (sunflower hummus, tomato, and more veggies wrapped in a green leaf)!I had the tiramisu for dessert and I was again very impressed at how delicious it was! I highly recommend to vegetarians, vegans and omnivores like me. You will not be disappointed!
5	I am a omnivore that loves Luna's!  The salads were crisp fresh and delicious.  Food presented beautifully. The outdoor seating (weather permitting) very nice.  Our waiter was very solicitous.  Friends said smoothies were great.  Everyone in my large group was happy with their order.
5	This place is awesome. Vegie burger is GREAT!
5	My husband and I are new pescatarians so Luna was definitely on our list to try. First off, the place is a little small but I was very impressed by the fact that they add you to the waiting list and text you when your table is ready. There is a great market next door to hang out and have a cappuccino while waiting on your table. I also liked the menu. Most everything is local and very fresh. My husband had the living burrito which was absolutely delicious. Everything was fresh and homemade. The sunflower seed refried beans were amazing. So much flavor. Their homemade hot sauce is also absolutely delicious and I also had this on my Classic Veggie Burger. The burger was very good with homemade zucchini hummus. Homemade salad dressing had tons of flavor and you would never know it was dairy free. All in all it was a great experience. The price was a little high, but I think it's worth it considering everything you're eating is fresh, organic, and local. We will definitely be going back.
5	My new fav spot in Charlotte to get some fresh juice and raw salads and burgers. They add cayenne pepper in their raw granola! OMG! Yes pls! :) dessert selection is fantastic as well and raw coco at cacao bread pudding is to die for! Such San Fran vibe! LUv it!
4	As a non-vegan I was a bit skeptical at first of the rave reviews I was hearing. But I feel in the love with their food...especially the non-cheese-cheesecake. Go, try, and be open minded.
1	Over-priced, undersized portions, little flavor in the Lunazagna.  Nearly $10 for a mediocre juice.  Another disappointing health, vegan, vegetarian, organic eatery.
5	This is my first time eating at Luna's.  It. Was. AMAZING!  We were there right at noon, so if course there was a wait for a table.  The inside is small, with a descent amount of seating.  In the spring, they have an option for outdoor seating.I ordered the veggie burger ( skinny witch ) - it was heavenly!  Great taste, fresh food, plenty for the price!  I did splurge on some cookies after lunch, while they were good, I can't say two small cookies were worth $5.00 (half the price of my whole meal).The staff was friendly and accommodating. I will be returning to try another veggie burger!
5	Love it!It reminds me of Karyns in Chicago.Healthy, delish, nutritious meals...whats not to like.Totally reasonable in price for this "type" of food.
5	Love it.  Especially the Musli
5	HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!THIS PLACE IS FABULOUS. A must visit if you are wanting first rate vegan fare in Charlotte. Had the classic veggie burger and it's was super. Great employees too. We'll be sure to go again when we visit Charlotte again. Actually, we plan to visit in April just to go here. Glad we tried it. Great work to the staff!
5	Fantastic salads and veggie burger! So healthy, yet delicious. Our cacao and coconut dessert and cheesecake with lemon and berries dessert were also delicious. We will definitely be going back.
3	I would describe our meals at Luna's as "good but not great."  We were hoping for hot food but realized after scanning the menu that the offerings are all raw. How 'bout some soup or veggie chile to warm you up on a cold winter evening?!?  Staff were super-friendly; cost of our meal was high but that is expected. I was expecting more after seeing all the good reviews but left disappointed.
5	I was blown away at how delicious raw food can be. Luna's was my first experience eating at a raw food restaurant (my typical diet is paleo) but I was in the area for work and found it on yelp while looking for a fresh juice place. So glad I decided to try it! I got the lunalasagna, which was made with zucchini, tomato, mushroom, and this AMAZING cashew butter 'cheese' that I couldn't believe had no dairy in it. It was a good sized portion and came with a side salad and a delicious dressing (no idea what was in the dressing, but seriously SO GOOD). Also picked up the tree of life juice, 16 oz for around $9, good price for the quantity/quality (local greens, cold pressed, etc.). Also delicious. I've been craving that meal for a couple days now and wish I lived in the area so I could go back and try everything else on the menu!!
5	When I started eating raw, I wanted to find some restaurants to make the 'eating raw' happen. I was surprised to find one in charlotte. I went there and fell in love with the place and food......There is no food that you can say you don't prefer as everything is sooooo good......everytime I go there I try different things and I am always always satisfied with the food...Excellent place...Way to go!!!
5	Generous portion, price is reasonable, and simply delicious! Would definitely recommend the classic veggie burger and lemonade! drools!
3	Wow! The vanilla chia pudding is great.
4	I liked this place despite being quite the carnivore. I always get the same thing (west coast wrap) and it is always delicious. The service is friendly and helpful.. so A- for that. The minus represents them asking me if I have ever eaten there prior every single time. So I don't live off kambucha,soy, and don't have dreads or "juice." I accept you for corrupting hummus a bit, you love me for me. Even still, your restaurant is awesome even though there isn't any meat present here. Carnivores, fear not... This place can be good to you.
4	Sometimes you just want something healthy. I admit, I am in the mood for this kind of food more often in the summer than in the winter, but I do love a good sprout salad or wrap that makes use of sprouts.  Alfalfa Sprouts! YUM.I am not a vegan or a vegetarian. I do eat kosher meats and love some kosher dairy, but even if you are not a vegan or even into healthy food - you should give this place a try.Try the veggie burger!Everything is very fresh and that makes a huge difference. It's hard to find a good avocado outside of California - but they usually have very fresh ones here. I am very picky about my avocados, figs and citrus fruits.. i grew up in So Cal and we got our fruit from the back yard all year round. Luna's has fresh stuff!Ok.. now i am craving an avocado!
5	First things first, I am not a vegan or vegetarian. That being said, this is still one of my favorite restaurants in the Charlotte area... I literally hit them up for breakfast or dinner at least 2x a week. Everything is fresh & delicious. After eating food at Luna's you just feel good - you can feel your body saying, "Thanks."A few personal favorites of mine for breakfast would include the Inca Warrior smoothie (this can typically hold you over until lunch), the biblical breakfast & my all time fav, the Swiss Muesli. For lunch/dinner, I either get the arugula salad (but I sub the arugula for a bed of mixed greens instead) or the Fire & Brimstone burger (delicious! I add sriracha on it if I order to go). The falafel sampler or hummus are yummy for starters if you are extra hungry. All of the juices are great too. The only thing I wish they offered was some sort of recycling program for the glass jars they use (but I think they are in the process of trying to get the machinery for this... It's quite pricey!). I have yet to try any of the cleanses, but plan to do a 2-3 day cleanse soon, which I am sure will be awesome.All in all, I look forward to them expanding into their new space across the way and hope this means their menu will also grow with the transition.
5	Pleasantly surprised is an understatement! Luna's Living Kitchen is now in my top 5 favorite restaurants and I'm not even vegan/vegetarian. (Although, a place like this could easily convert me lol) It's a small space but I actually liked that about it. It was cute and intimate. (They will be getting a bigger space in April, though) I felt like they grew my food that morning, made it really pretty, then brought it too me to eat! Everything was so so fresh and delicious! I had the Living Burrito. I was skeptical bc I couldn't imagine having my veggies wrapped in a collard leaf and tasting good lol. But, it was great! And I had the brownie for dessert. Let me just say, there's NO WAY a human made that brownie. It was just too freaking delicious. Like I want an entire tray of them for my birthday. (No seriously) Please PLEASE check this place out. Raw vegan is clearly awesome and hey, maybe I'll be there some day.
5	Simply amazing food. If you're into eating healthy and delicious food, you have to come here!
4	Luna's Living Kitchen serves very good vegetarian and vegan food.  It is a great place to go for a healthy meal.  I had one of their special meals, Gaia's Treasure, which I enjoyed. My wife had the vegetarian taco salad, which I liked better.  Another person in our party had the veggie burger and she said it was excellent.  Even the desserts are good, and healthy.  The ginger ale is homemade and very strong.  The chai latte was good too, but on ice it is weaker than I would like.  Overall, we had a very good meal with good service.  The food is not cheap even though it isn't cooked!
5	Try the organic smoothies!!! OMG amazing! This is a definite MUST try -- and become a regular of if you live in Charlotte! Please please open one in Arizona!!!!
3	My first Luna's experience was on Fat Tuesday- kind of ironic. We stopped in for take-out last night, much needed after a very foodie Mardi Gras weekend in New Orleans. So, everything is vegan, raw and "living" if you will. A lot of options for interesting dishes- we had the falafel trio and I ordered the Divinity Bowl. Interesting to see "cauliflower rice." Not enough curry flavor in the mix of vegetables- the sauce was at the bottom and it was minimal. The falafel was much more flavorful... I especially liked the vegetables that came with it, had an interesting bite to them. I'm no stranger to vegan or raw restaurants, and while the food was good, it wasn't the best I have ever had.I do wish they had fresh juice- all the juice is in pre-packaged bottles- which seems impractical for an earth-friendly place. Apparently they don't accept old glass bottles, either. In my opinion, skip the bottles and go for a biodegradable cup, or better yet, put fresh juice in said cup. As a marketer I get the branding aspect, but I'm sure the customers are left with dozens of glass bottles that they don't know what to do with... although I have no idea why anyone would repeatedly spend $10 on a bottle of pre-packaged juice. I'd rather go to Earth Fare and get one fresh for $5.
5	I will start with the fact I am not a vegan and ABSOLUTELY love this place. The people are wonderful, the food is fresh and amazing, the smoothies are great and the classic veggie burger is my fav! The cold pressed juices are delicious and they have great options. I go at least once a week!
5	Can't say enough good things about this cafe. I stopped for lunch as I was passing through Charlotte and had the Fire and brimstone veggie burger wrapped in collard greens- AMAZING. The dressing for the side of greens was delicious and doubled as a dip for the wrap.I stopped back in for breakfast on my flight back and tried the Biblical Breakfast because my fellow Yelpers raves about it- no shock that is was delicious. The thick cranberry sliced were layered with organic PB, fig preserve, bananas, coconut butter and stacked on fresh berries, pineapple and apples. The 'syrup' was light and delicious.Indoor and outdoor seating. Also, try the Charlotte based 'Lenny Boy' organic Kambucha drink. Both the the Ginger and the Strawberry are excellent.Finally, the chia pudding is out of this world. It broke my heart to half to toss half on my way through TSA. It's minutes from the airport, just in case you're a passing thru too.I'll go out of my way to stop at this place any time I'm in Charlotte.
5	Luna's Living Kitchen is an oasis amongst eateries offering comfort food to the extreme. Don't get me wrong... Fried chicken, buttery biscuits and calorie dense mac & cheese hold a special place in my heart (and stomach!). But you won't find any of that at Luna's Living Kitchen. Their carefully thought out plates of well executed (and beautiful) food proved to me that you don't need refined sugar, preservatives, eggs, dairy, or animal products to deliver delicious food. Raw food was a foreign concept to me. It sounded boring and dull. I imagined a vegans diet consisted of eating carrot sticks, celery, and salads all days. I left Luna's with a changed view of the vegan diet and an immense appreciation for how delicious vegan cuisine could be. My girlfriend and I made our way to Luna's on a Saturday afternoon. We sat on the patio and enjoyed the beautiful day. Our waitress was attentive and helpful in offering suggestions. I opted for the Fire & Brimstone veggie burger and she chose the Living Burrito. We both ordered coffee with homemade coconut milk. My burger (one of the few cooked items) was amazing. The chipotle sunflower hummus added a nice, subtle, spiciness. My friend really enjoyed her Living Burrito. She was amazed at how well the collard leaf worked as a wrap. The coffee was nice and strong and the coconut milk added a great flavor to it. I am really looking forward to sampling more of Luna's menu. The Iced Coffee with coffee ice cubes sounds awesome and so do many of the smoothies. Yes, the prices are a bit high but you get what you pay for. Fresh, high quality, local ingredients (we saw a chef walk into Atherton Market and emerge with a fresh bunch of Collard greens!!) prepared in a way that is sure to please any palate! I can't wait to go back!
5	Luna's living kitchen gets better and better each time I go. I also just found out that they are moving to a larger space which is great news! I have been on a mostly vegan diet since mid last year and this place never disappoints. Everything is fresh, the service is great. The menu is extensive with a wide array of juices and smoothies. Highly recommend for anyone considering a tasty vegetarian vegan meal.
3	Did not meet expectations.Luna's is soooo highly recommended and sits atop the leader board in many local restaurant conversations. So it had expectations to meet.What it is: Healthy. If a food has been mentioned in a healthy conversation recently, it is here. Trending health food ingredients are ingrained into their identity and plastered to the menu. Fresh, clean, LOTS of vegetables and non-meats. I walked in with a naked female mannequin. Walked out with one as well.The falafel sampler was tasty and enjoyable. Simple. Falafel balls, crumbly (perhaps this means healthier? Less emulsifiers or gums??) and coated with sesame seeds. The hummus was flavorful yet of a thinner consistency (maybe healthier as well?? See above). Pickled vegetables. It felt healthy, seemed fresh, we were inspired. Now, I am a salad eater who almost always gets the dressing on the side - and rarely pours the dressing on the salad.  My palate is discerning. I am not one to douse healthy greens in order to get flavor. I say this so you understand what I will say next.What Luna's lacked: Flavor. I found the Rawco Taco salad lacking in flavor - other than red onion. It tasted like one big red onion, and I dislike red onions. This was after removing half of the red onions myself, and with the dressing mixed in.My companion ordered the arugula salad. It was tastier than mine, with spiral sliced carrots. Yet we were both underwhelmed.As managing expectations is key to my life, I would absolutely visit Luna's Living Kitchen again with fresh, healthy trending expectations. The idea is great, and the ingredients stellar.
4	Gave this place a visit on the recommendation of my sister. I am by no means a vegan but the food was amazing. The fire & brimstone "burger" and the Gaia's Treasure were both fantastic. The Grey Hulk smoothie was pretty awesome as well.
5	WOW. IMPRESSIVE.I'm not usually a big fan of Vegetarian restaurants, but this one takes the organic raw ingredients cake!! From the falafels and veggie burger to the small bites cookies, my mouth was in heaven and appetite satisfied. Our server, Alyssa, was wonderful, anticipated all of our needs and was very friendly! The decor is very open and all natural looking with light natural wood and there is outdoor seating. *Best tip about this place: they have homemade hot sauce!!
4	I came here for breakfast with a friend and was really pleased with everything. They have both outdoor and indoor seating which is great. We ate outside because it was a gorgeous day. I ordered their pina colada smoothie and it was amazing! I can't wait to have another. I also ordered their coconut parfait made with their own vegan yogurt and homemade granola which were both excellent. The fresh fruit inside was an extra bonus! My friend ordered the biblical breakfast and was very pleased with it as well. The inside area was really peaceful and pretty with some nice artwork to look at. They also sell their homemade granola and juices too.
4	I've heard mixed reviews about Luna's so I was slightly surprised to see its rave reviews on yelp.It's a small, cozy place with an interesting set up (it's inside Atherton Mill!) and limited seating. Don't expect to be immediately seated if you show up (especially more than two) right around noon.I ordered the fire and brimstone quinoa - kamut veggie burger on Ezekiel bread which came with a local green salad ($10). The patty size was small (especially in compared to my bread) but was very flavorful and had perfect texture. Perhaps I'll go with the collard leaf next time? The salad was very fresh and natural but meh, but I typically prefer salads with mix-ins. Friend ordered the stir fry and was very disappointed. I have to say, the prices on just about everything are little on the expensive side for lunch, but you pay for what you get and you definitely get a unique, fresh, and healthy meal!
4	Warning... This review is coming from an egg and meat loving person.If you have never had a vegan meal...be open. This is going to change your mind if you let it.If you are looking for a full on vegan meal this is a great place to go to. Though your palette should be open to new flavors. The spaghetti pasta was mixed with different vegetable, nut flavors and other spices. And the surprising thing to me ... it was cold! I wasn't expecting that. But it was good. The side salad that was also nicely flavored. Though I couldn't tell you everything that was in it but it was light and leafy, full of flavors of nuts, spices and a touch of dressing.Sure... I will try again.
5	I was in Charlotte for the first of many weekends to come; I googled "vegan breakfast" and Luna's is really the only option that came up.Since they're in the middle of the transition, I only saw the truck. Of the selection, I got:Chia Pudding - yumEnergy Bar - yumLemon Bites - not big on coconut, so I didn't enjoy that muchThe cold pressed juices were quite expensive in my opinion. To make this item more affordable for the customer, I'd suggest scaling back on the packaging. The jars were cute, but clearly add to cost.. Vegan and natural, I am in love with Luna's.I highly recommend.
5	I had been on a business trip for the past two weeks and had just flown into Charlotte. Yelp'd Vegan and Luna's came up. Had the burrito and a ginger lemonade. Also tried the chocolate coconut pudding-everything was fantastic. The service was super friendly too. Even bought a few things to take with me. I wish they had a location in New York. Best meal I've had on my trip by far!
5	I dine here or order online for pickup at least once a month. I'm a die-hard fan of the Sprout It Out, Rawco Taco, and Gaia's Treasure. If you're in a hurry, I would suggest the easy-to-use online ordering system. The preparation process can be a little lengthier than desired for a work day lunch, if you have more than 2 people. Well worth the wait, but I like to be out of the office door and back in the office door in an hour or less, which leaves me around 30 minutes for food prep and dining. During busier weeks, I'm an online ordering fan (haven't had to wait for a pickup).Regarding juicing...I'm on the last day of my first juice cleanse (3-day). Maria was extremely helpful in answering all my questions and providing ingredients for my own nutritional info gathering. I chose to pick up each day's supply the night before, and the staff was so pleasant every time I went in. I had to wait for a few minutes on the first night because the juice was still being prepared for the freshest juice possible. I'd do another cleanse, perhaps for a longer period next time. My recommendation is to stick to the order they provide, drink one juice every 2 hours, and reuse a bottle to drink a full water in between juices. Happy Cleansing!
4	Since I've switched to a cruelty free lifestyle, it's slim pickins when it comes to eating out. Thank god for Luna's! I'd heard a lot about it, but hadn't tried it til yesterday. I went with my sister-in-law to their new, larger location. The food isn't cheap, but you pay for what you get. I ordered the classic burger, with a green side salad. While eating that beautiful meal I didn't miss meat for one moment. I seriously dreamt about it last night. Now, it's been a while since I've had a cow burger, so maybe that's why it was so salivating. Whatever it is, I'm going to go as often as I possibly am able. The cashew Parmesan is worth the trip alone. I'm only withholding a 5 star because the lemonade was ridiculously bland, & it was $5/glass.
5	Food is always amazing! I get upset when my meal is gone, I never want it to end! I've had everything from the lunasagna to the classic burger to the smoothies and drinks... Everything is incredible.
4	The juice is just so good! I'm not sure why I'm not giving them a 5 - maybe the price. I can't say anything bad. Pura vida and Gateway to Green are my faves. I think I don't like beets so manage to avoid beet juices.,I just can't think of a better mid day pick me up.Smoothies are delightful too- pinko drinko is my fave!
4	The host was not the coolest guy, he sat on the couch talking to some girl, ignoring us when we first came in. We thought he was a customer. It made us want to turn around. He finally got up and we went outside. Our table was very wobbly and he said he'd be back to fix it, he never did. We moved tables. The only thing that didn't make in a 5 star.On to the food...The best thing I have eaten in Charlotte: Lunasagna. So. Much. Flavor.So very amazing and so feel-goodsy.And I had a raw salted caramel brownie that I even dreamt about days later. Better than any baked brownie I have ever had. The $6.50 price tag was steep for a brownie, but fine, I dreamt about it...Therefor i will cough up the cash for it.
5	So I'm a burger girl from way back so I thought I'd review this yummy place. The Living Burrito was hands down my favorite out of the three things we ordered. The Broccoli Waldorf salad Wow, that you can eat like a dip on crackers was fun!! The Pad Thai had amazing flavor, only wish it would have been served warm instead of cold.  With Marisa waited on us it made the entire experience amazing!!    Can't wait to come back!!!!
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte! And I am not vegan by any means, so dietary limitations do not influence my favoritism.The food is unique, especially for Charlotte. There is literally no other place you can go in Charlotte and get cashew "cheese" or homemade hemp milk. Everything is packed with flavor, fresh, healthy, and leaves you feeling nourished in a way most other meals out don't.I have ordered a variety of things off the menu, and I've never been disappointed. My favorite entree is the Rawco Taco Salad--the "ground meat" made of ground nuts is ON POINT. Also I LOVE their cashew cheese, I would legit by that in a tub. The smoothies and homemade milks are also very good, and I like that almost everything on the menu is gluten free.I haven't tried their breakfast yet, hopefully one day I will wake up early enough on a day off work to stop by and order something!
5	This is by far my favorite place to eat in Charlotte. I'm a former NC resident now living in southern California and this place is the only place I've found that bring the kind of raw, vegan deliciousness I find all over California. So glad its here for when I visit so I can have a new regular eatery. The sprouts salad and chai were my choices this time and I could not have asked for better. SIMPLY AMAZING.
5	There is a special place in my heart for restaurants that can truly provide healthy and delicious food. I know Luna's will provide that. From main dishes, smoothies, juices, to desserts I've had it all and never have I been disappointed. The new location (right across the street from the last) is beautiful and fits the restaurant perfectly. This is the first place I recommend to all my friends who enjoy wholesome food. (The ones that will actually try real food and not just the processed junk that people refer to as food) Five stars because it truly is fantastic. Out of all the times I've been only once was there a mishap. I was bringing a good friend for the first time and after talking the place up I really wanted her to enjoy it as much as I did. Our food took FOREVER. Our waitress kept reassuring us that it would be out soon and something was going on in the kitchen. They were trying to make a sauce less spicy for a dish that was just added to the menu. However, I think we were just starving post workout so it seemed even longer. I still give Luna's 5 STARS because they handled the situation well and I do realize it's life and problems will come up. I'm only sharing this because it shows a lot about a restaurant when an issue can occur and I still want to go back again and again. They gave both of us free dessert (delicious,duh what dessert isn't?!) and apologized for the long wait. Clearly they know the way to a woman's heart. CHOCOLATE. I will continue to be back as well as spread the word!!!!
4	Let me begin by saying I am not Vegan or Vegetarian.  This place is a great place to try your hand at raw eating.  I was impressed by the knowledge of our server and his willingness to walk us through the menu to describe his favorites.  The Pad Thai and Avocado,Basil and Tomato sandwhich were awesome.  I would definelty go back.  I would reccomend this to anyone who is open to healthier eating.
5	OK I Have a REALLY BIG PROBLEM....This place isn't where I live!!!I would eat here everyday if I had access to it. I have the FIRE & BRIMSTONE and it was Outstanding!!!Thanks for offer food in this manner!!! Will come back when in town!!!
4	If you're an adventurous eater then you should definitely try this place! Very healthy and actually good. Don't be open-minded and try! Will return!
5	Love this place! Worth every penny, wish we had more such choices in town. The newly opened space is very cool. They are truly artists with raw foods.
5	I was a little nervous when I realized this restaurant was completely raw. We do eat mostly vegan and plant based meals but I've had some interesting raw experiences in restaurants where we didn't enjoy the food but that was not the case here. Our meals were AWESOME!! The environment, staff and overall vibe of the restaurant was very enjoyable and I highly recommend checking this place out!
5	I was coming to Charlotte for business and given the timing of an upcoming vacation needed to do my monthly 3 day juice cleanse while in town.  I found this place and didn't quite know what to expect especially coming from another state.  I called to inquire about the 3 day cleanse, making arrangements to have it delivered to my hotel which was a little out of the ordinary.  Liza was SUPER helpful by phone with answering all my questions and making arrangements for a special request to ensure that my 3 days of supplies were where they needed to be andBy the time I got to the 2nd day, I loved the juices and milks so much that I decided to "cheat" by visiting the restaurant for a raw snack and also take the opportunity to thank Liza in person for being so accommodating.  At any rate, I will definitely be back and I have recommended the restaurant to my colleagues who are Charlotte based.  Thanks again guys!
1	I was at the Atherton Mkt & had seen ads for this place and went in. I sat at the bar, was served warm tap water w/no ice. I asked the bartender what he recommended and he said Pad Tai was the best. I ordered it. A waitress came up and asked what I wanted. After telling I had already ordered, she said it was her section. I apologized and said I didn't know, that I just gave my order to whomever asked for it. The food came and it was shredded carrots, zucchini, red peppers and cucumbers. Really? It was most $$ on menu. It looked and tasted like garnish. This was it? While waiting for my check, which was $20 for warm tap water and garnish at lunch, the waitress and bartender were having a spat over whose section it was. Other staff got in on the drama and gossip began. Hello?! Anyone have my credit card? They were preoccupied on who would ring it up, got the tip... I just wanted my card so I could leave and hit up Taco Bell... I was starving. Glad the BF didn't join me. He would have left hungry too. Nice interiors, wish food and servers better
5	We almost didn't go because we had a tough time finding parking (the World Cup was on at different bars in the same area), but I am SO GLAD we decided to find a spot a couple blocks away and hike it to this raw food gem.  Seriously some of the best raw food my partner and I have ever had.  The house cab was worth writing home about as well.
5	Do you respect your body and eat healthy? Yes? Good, come to Luna's. Done. Lunasagna - TONS. OF. FLAVOR. By the lunaload. May wanna ask for an extra side of zucchini noodles*Pad Thai - clean and very nice sauce. Be aware this review is coming from a omnivore. Not vegetarian. And I'm still saying its awesome. #baconislife #grassfedandlocalTrying to transition to healthy eating? Try a smoothie. Or try 6. Like I did, ..in 3 days :) Which one? INCAN WARRIOR. Your tastebuds will endure an epic battle of awesomeness. They seem to change smoothie selections, if you find one you like (..incan warrior ;) snapshot them ingredients so you can ask for it later if its gone! (Perhaps seasonal?)R.I.P - Charlie Brown - its like PB&J heaven. Ask for almond butter instead of peanuts ---you dont need those pesticides yo. :) Also, Mango Tango. Then there's Monkey Bites. Some of the best damn cookies I've ever had w/ some unique ingredients, Goji berries? 2 cookies for $4, I would swing from trees for these things. Their interior and decor match what you'd expect- greens, white, wood accents, modern mixed with nature. Outdoor setting is just as cute. All in all, Luna's, I dream about you. I may have to come back to NC just for you.
4	WOW!!  I love love their new space near Atherton Mill!  I honestly can say that raw food has never been a selling point for me when describing a menu.  Wow have I changed my mind!!I had a wrap of fresh veggies that came with a side salad.  The wrap part was a huge collard green leaf - the whole thing was carefully constructed and delicious.  I can't wait to try literally everything on the menu!!  This place blew my mind so much I started to incorporate more raw items into my daily diet.  Service was excellent and there is even an outdoor area where you can sit and enjoy the beautiful day!  Can't wait to come back!!
5	I would eat here every day, 3 times a day if I could. The new space (right across from the old one) is amazing! I'm a big fan of the juices. My favorite foods are the kale salad, cauliflower "rice" and the cranberry bread with fig spread. Omgah it's all to die for! And you leave feeling full. Even if you aren't veg/vegan go check this place out!!!
5	Yep, my first visit and now I'm hooked.  I love the fresh options, the smiling faces and the atmosphere of this place.  I've been on a low carb kick for years and this place has tons to offer someone like myself.On my visit I had the west coast wrap and it was delicious.  The curry hummus along with the side salad was probably my favorite feature.  Parking can be a bear here so just be patient as the parking lot is pretty busy given its location.
5	Great food! I was impressed. Definitely worth a visit even if you're not a vegetarian .
5	Love their new facility.  It is just so fresh and so clean clean!  This is one of those places that you just can't go wrong.  Everything is healthy, well prepared, quality ingredients, etc.  Their spinach/banana/pineapple smoothie is amazing...just fyi.Love the new space...it just made what was already great, even better.
5	Great food, great service, great location! I love that there is a raw food/vegan restaurant in Charlotte. A must visit even if you're not vegan.
5	Visited the new location.  It was very open, light and airy.  They now serve the beer and wine that I had wished for in my previous review.  And, I finally had Lunasagna.  Oh, my.  Creamy, tomatoey and accompanied by a salad with the most spectacular dressing.  Raw never tasted so good.  Counting the days until my return.
4	I love love LOVE their new location. So modern and eclectic! Awesome vibe here! All of their food is fresh and delicious. I had the Living Burrito and love it - their hot sauce is amazing!! If you've got a sweet tooth like me, I would recommend their cheesecake. They also offer an assortment of cold pressed juices which I have yet to try.Pricing is very affordable especially  considering this is a specialty/vegan restaurant. Even if you are not vegan/vegetarian ( and DEFINITELY, if you are), I would recommend giving this place a try!!
5	Had a 6 hour layover in Charlotte and found this little gem. Loved it. Had a great detoxing green juice, kombucha tea and a "bagel" with the homemade hot sauce that is amazing.
5	Vegan traveler from Oklahoma City reporting in that this place is absolutely delightful in so many ways! Absolutely adored it. Being my first time, I read the reviews and since the veggie burger seems like a *must*, that is precisely what I got. The classic wrapped in a collard green - fresh, packed with organic veggies & guacamole - fairly big portion, but I definitely had room for a little coconut cacao pudding dessert. Chocolatey and delightful. They also have a huge selection of fresh juices and smoothies. Very reasonable price. Quick, friendly service. EXCELLENT food quality and presentation. Bright, community-filled atmosphere. I definitely left Luna's feeling exceptionally alive. Wish we had one back home.
5	Live the new location! Service improved significantly! Fire & brimstone veggie burger was fantastic
5	Let me start by saying I am neither vegan nor vegetarian. I went for lunch with a curious coworker and man was I glad I did. First impression, "Wow, what a beautiful place!" The open, inviting front space really draws you in. I couldn't wait to try the food. We were seated immediately and the waiter brought out glasses and a carafe of water. I love the little touches like this that make the simple things seem special. Finally, the food. The choices seemed endless and there was plenty of variety. I ended up with the Pad Thai after some help from our server. I was thoroughly pleased with the presentation and the fresh flavor. There was more than enough food to spare and I left with a smile. Good food, service, and atmosphere made for a 5 star experience!
5	The new location in the same parking lot is awesome. The inside is bright and more spacious and the patio is great. Definitely check it out. Mostly the same great food and juices with the addition of a few sandwiches which are delicious. Love the kale salad side. It is not a cheap meal, but you are eating fresh, healthy food.
5	Absolutely amazing! Everytime! Haven't had a dish yet that wasn't just packed with flavor and you forget you are eating healthy. Don't forget dessert - you won't regret it!
4	Living Large at Luna's. My wife and I have recently gone organic, local and very nearly vegetarian. When my daughter and her husband offered to take us out, the old "where can we go" problem reared its head. There are very few places in Charlotte to get real clean food. Really a shame in a town this size. We loved our meal and nearly everything about Luna's. Parking was convenient, and we were seated immediately upon arriving at 11:45.  We started with the sunflower seed hummus with was really good. It was three flavors and all were fantastic.  Hard to believe that nearly everything here is raw and 95% organic and local.All the entrees were good and plenty of food. I had the living burrito which was wrapped in a collard leaf. Also on the table were the broccoli waldorf salad, and the Rawco Taco salad. All were fresh, crisp, and just tasted great as well as inherently healthful.Just when we thought it couldn't get any better we had dessert. A terriffic, flavorful, and raw, pecan, chocolate ganache, and vanilla mouse tart. One of the best sweet treats, I've ever had in a restaurant.Get to Luna's if you are looking for great food that's good for you.
4	We stopped in to try some vegan cuisine. I wanted to try a lighter side to lunch. We usually go the BBQ route. The hot latte with steamed cocoanut milk was delicious, I had the broccoli salad with seeded crackers an loved it. Hubby had the Tina tacos and wasn't as happy. He did like the side of broccoli salad. We'll be back, thanks fellow yelpers....another good selection.The general area of this restaurant as lots of choices nearby , we will be back.
5	Nothing else like it in Charlotte.  The best juices and living food within 100 miles.I was quite dismayed when I pulled up today and Luna's was no longer there.  Then I turned around and saw they just moved across the parking lot.  A much better location with more outdoor seating.  Still the same love being put in to all the juices and drinks.So many amazing options to choose from, but this time I just went with the chillied chai.  I should have gone for a berry smoothie, after I tried somebody else's, but no complaints on my end.  My chai was smooth and almond milk creamy.  Just the little kick I needed to continue my day.Not to much to tell ya on this one as I didn't get any food, but will be back soon!
4	I'm not vegan, but Luna's could probably bring me over to the dark side. The location is awesome, right across from the pavilion in the shopping center with plenty of parking. The restaurant is bright and clean and simple, it's beautiful. They have a fridge at the front with ready to take home items, including my favorite, the my daily salad. Its an awesome juice and a perfect meal for a busy working woman and dog mom. The lunasagna is my go to menu item. The zucchini is crisp and the flavor is intense and honestly, way better than expected. I like Lunas version of lasagna more than most traditional ones. The salad it was served with was fine I guess, but whatever, the lasagna is the star.It's kinda pricey, like 5 bucks for ginger ale, but it's great quality and man is it pretty in there.
5	What a godsend to be travel ling on business and to be able to find raw vegan! I had the lasagna and the lemon berry cheesecake and I was soooooooo happy!  I asked a friend who lives locally to bring me, and he's decidedly NOT vegetarian, let alone vegan.  But he really loved it too.  The food was delicious and I will definitely be back the next time I am in Charlotte!  Fantastic!
5	I recently learned about Luna's Living Kitchen from my dental hygienist in Concord.  Her husband has cancer and they are trying to eat as healthy as possible.  Since my work location is no more than 10 minutes away from Luna's, I checked it out a few weeks ago.  It's now by far my favorite restaurant here in town.  Service is great, clean, open and you really can't go wrong with any selection on their menu.  For first timers, I'd recommend the lunasagna and a Zinger juice.  Yes, it will fill you up.  They also offer a wide selection of smoothies and juices, all of course organic. Serving alkaline water is a very nice touch.
5	I've been vegan for about 4 months now and have been wanting to try this place for a while...Very progressive and upscale both food and decor wise...We got the lasagna, pad thai, the living burrito, and a veggie burger..Everything was good but the burger was a little dry..So borrowed some of my GFs hot sauce and it was all good..A little pricey but that was to be expected...Definitely what us southerners would consider fiancy..
5	Incredibly clean eating! Fantastic quality and service. I am a big fan of this place.
3	I like the food here, especially the lunsagna, living burrito, and any cheesecake or pie desserts.  However, I have found that the customer service for takeout at their new location is lacking.  I don't see any of the employees from the other location at the new, maybe everyone is learning.  It appears, from the three-four times I've been to the new location for takeout, that there is a smoothie person, there is a coffee machine/etc person, there are a few waitresses walking around, and then one person will be taking orders and payment for the people at the bar.  So because the smoothie person and random waitresses don't offer to take your credit card so you can pay and pick up your order, you must stand there for 10-15 min. until the one person working helps you.  I used to tip 20% plus on a takeout order, I just don't think it's worth it to go anymore.
4	Love luna!  The only thing I would change is the service.  Everything moves at such a slow pace. Food and servers seem to take forever.  They are nice servers though. The hummus and desserts are so good. If you don't enjoy it your crazy
4	YUM! I love bacon, but I also love me some lunasagna.  God bless that cashew cheese.  One day i'll be brave and venture further in the menu.  Juice is delish, too, but I'm not ready to give up my daily trip to Berrybrook Farm.
3	The food was good. Atmosphere is lacking. Not many options to choose from. I probably will not go back.
3	I've been to Luna's twice now, and while the food is fresh and well displayed, several other things are lacking. Or service was terrible. My group ordered coffee and they didn't bother to bring them to us until our food was ready. We were pretty much ignored the whole time we were there and had to flag people down just for water. The dishes I ordered were good, but not amazing. This place is a great option for a healthy well sourced meal, but they really need to work on their service and step up their game a bit. The new building is beautiful, so this could be a lovely place to enjoy a meal.
4	Great place for fresh healthy food & juices. Was there for breakfast and had the Biblical breakfast and bagel, ginger ale, dirty chai. Was full but didn't feel stuffed. Perfect.
5	This place was so amazing! Great, fresh full of flavor food that makes you so happy you came. Loved everything I got..exceptional customer service. Overall win! Great work!
4	If you don't get overwhelmed by the menu, I don't think there is a way to leave Luna's without feeling healthier and better about yourself. Great vibes, great eats. Especially for vegetarians!
4	Great food! Very interesting concept for those that are not vegetarian! Great taste! The only negative feedback, services is very slow. It takes too long to bring the food or get anything from the waiters.
5	Fresh Vegan (cold raw food). Great taste and creativity. I had the Pad Thai and it was delicious. Only it didn't taste anything like real Pad Thai. Nice beer choices. Juices and other 'healthy' beverages are expensive.  All in all I would go again and I recommend you all to try it.
3	because i'm a semi-health freak, i thought i would love this place.. but i was sadly disappointed.we tried three dishes and shared amongst three peopleeach dish sounded completely different, but they all essentially tasted so very similar!all were.. decent? good? but not super flavorful or deliciousthe pad thai: didn't really have the thai flavors i thought it would havegaia's treasure: the best part was the side salad taco salad: it was alrightoverall, everything was alright but definitely not what i was expecting. all dishes had the same flavor throughout.the breakfast/brunch sounds good though! the fig, almond butter, peanut butter, etc sounds awesome!
5	So we came here for the first time with a group of friends. I loved it. We shared a bunch because we wanted to taste a little of everything. It was all good. It all tasted very fresh and I didn't feel like crap after eating like you do after a meal. I strongly recommend eating here if you want something super fresh and an alternative to the normal heavy and unhealthy food you are used to.
1	The menu says to let them know of any dietary restrictions, but in my experience, it won't mean they'll accommodate you. I have Crohn's Disease and have been working closely with a nutritionist to "test" foods for reactivity so I can better manage my symptoms. Because of that, I asked if I might modify a salad to include items I knew were "friendly" to my GI tract. Specifically, a kale salad with avocado, zucchini, apple, carrots, and broccoli. They were very sorry, but no. They couldn't do it. I was stunned. Of ALL the places to refuse? I politely inquired again, as all of the items are available in other salads. But was still told no. I will be hard pressed to go back there now. So disappointing.
4	Finally had the chance to try Luna's tonight and it was fantastic. I would highly recommend this place, although you need to know what you are getting yourself into. If you enjoy fresh fruits/vegetables and are open to trying new flavors/textures.. this is a great dining experience!I had the pad thai (a large portion) and was surprised at their twist on the classic dish since the 'noodles' were actually zucchini, carrots and other sliced vegetables. My only criticism was that the dish was not spicy as our waitress had described. The side portion of the waldorf salad was amazing.I will definitely be returning!!
5	I had the Living Burrito and it was awesome - my only wish would be for the hot sauce to actually be hot and less vinegary. The restaurant space is really refreshing - very open and white. The current location is new so look up the address on google maps - the one in yelp is outdated.Also the cold pressed juices come in a much larger serving size, and in a glass jar, than most places even though they are priced similarly to other places (I count that a bargain). They also have a lot of literature available of you are interested in doing a juice cleanse.The server was very helpful and honest when I asked her for her opinion which I appreciated. Most importantly, I am NOT raw/vegan, and I still loved the food so I think that speaks about how delicious the food is.
5	The food here is so good.  Picture a lot of things you wouldn't dream of putting together at home both beautifully presented on a plate and delicious to taste.  The minute you enter, you realize your body is in for a good 'n healthy meal.  I enjoyed the avocado and basil sandwich, which was delicious and beautiful!
5	Beyond amazing. I want everything on the menu! This is real food. Don't be afraid of salad here--it is actually a meal when made like Luna's does. I always think that's a veggie cop-out at meat-featuring restaurants--but this is great. All the details are perfect from the table-top moss terrarium miniatures to the lighting. It's a place that exudes life, verdantly and deliciously. Well worth the price.
5	We were here twice while in town. Between us, we had the Living Burrito, Skinny Witch, Avocado & Basil Sandwich, and Mock Tuna Salad Sandwich. The food was tasty, service was great and they offer juices in jars for $10 each - a bit pricey but perhaps they are factoring in the cost of the jar. Loved the urban feel of the restaurant. They do offer coffee, and a variety of teas including Chai latte, wine and beer. Often these items are not found at living food establishments. They are closed on SundaysPlenty of parking, farmers market in next building on Saturday's and a spice house around the corner.
5	I went here for the first time after yoga with a friend of mine. I loved the ambiance of the restaurant and how open it was. As soon as you walk inside you can see the high, open ceilings and the bright lights that show how clean and sleek the furnishings are in the restaurant. You could sit at the bar or be seated inside or outside. We opted to sit out since the weather was cool. I had our waitress order for me, as I am extremely indecisive. I gave her a choice between the pad thai, lunasagna, and I believe the living burrito. My friend ordered the Rawco Taco Salad. When the waiter came back I was surprised with the pad thai, which was great because I really did want to try that. Our presentation was beautiful. The clean white bowls and the different colors in our meals were so pretty! I loved my pad thai, the noodles were shredded veggies and the sauce definitely had a kick to it. I should've given the noodles a good toss so it wasn't all soaking in at the bottom because my mouth was on fire. I loved it though! Made me feel full, but not super full. After dinner we decided to split a dessert. We ordered some kind of chocolate raspberry cake. It was delightful. Definitely a perfect way to top off both of our meals. I love how laid back and clean the restaurant is, it has a great atmosphere and the food was delicious. I will be back to try other things on the menu!
4	I went there for the first time a few days ago. I ordered one of their "burgers". First I will say that the flavor was really very good and overall I did enjoy it, however it was so unbelievably dry! With that type of bread and very little condiments makes for a bad combo. I would still order again b/c the flavor was good and it was filling. I just know for next time (for at least that item) to ask for extra hummus. I will say for what you are getting as well the prices for a lunch item are very reasonable.
4	As a carnivore, I was REALLY nervous about trying Luna's when coworkers suggested it, but I'm always up for a new adventure. I thoroughly researched the menu beforehand so I could look up all the words I didn't know and went on a Friday for lunch. We met at 11:30, which was good since the place was full by the time we left at 12:30.First of all, the inside is beautiful! I love all the natural light and huge windows with the brick walls. Second of all, the food is delicious. We started with the falafel, which came with hummus and pickled olives, cauliflower, and celery.Delicious. I went for the boring veggie burger with a side of lentil soup, and I ate every. last. bite. Who knew veggies could be so good?Our service was great even though they were super busy, and the plates of food they brought out were not only delicious but also beautifully plated.
5	you cannot compare how you feel after a great meal that is raw and vegan.   the lunasagna and fresh local salad with a coconut Chai makes for a great dinner, but you have to follow it with a slice of raw carrot cake.  fantastic double layered dream.
5	Awesome place! The fresh made Moroccan lentil soup was amazing and so flavorful. I had the raw and vegan spaghetti bolognese which I really enjoyed. Everything is home made except for the bread which they get locally. There were many other things I wanted to try. I wish we had one in Orlando :)
1	Last night was my first experience eating at Luna's living kitchen. It was my sisters birthday and she had been telling me about this restaurant for awhile. I ordered the lunasagna which came with a salad. I began eating, after a few bites of the salad, my tongue began to swell. I quickly went to the chef and asked if there were any nuts in the lasagna, and she said no. I asked again specifically if there were brazil nuts in my dish. She then said yes they were on the salad. I am very allergic to brazil nuts. I paid for my meal because i thought i over looked something when picking my entree and thought  it was my mistake. I looked on the menu again online and saw that there were no mention of brazil nuts. When i talked to the assistant manager and explained the situation, he was polite and i asked for my sister and my 3 other friends to be able to return and have a nice dinner on them to make up for a chaotic dinner because of my allergic reaction. He said he will make the general manager aware of the situation. The assistant manager called me back and said general manager offered to refund me for my dinner or for me to come back in for a free meal. Number 1, Nut allergies are very serious. Maybe my expectations were high, but i expected to speak directly with the GM, and 2, it is not like there was just a hair in my food. I am disappointed on how things were handled by management. People with NUT ALLERGIES BEWARE of this restaurant.
4	Raw vegan food in Charlotte. YES. Food is always good! Lunasagna is one of my favorites. The cauliflower rice is amazing. Beware of any of the juices with ginger in. It (they are really ginger-y) other than that, the juices are tasty and fillingService is consistently slow on every trip. That's why I give Luna's 4 stars instead of 5.
4	I'm not a vegan but the food here is great. You come out of there feeling very healthy too. The environment is also very nice and modern.
