5	yippie!! im so glad i tried this place!! its not ALL vegan - vegetarian, but they have a separate vegan menu and can make most of the ordinary dishes vegan. the chicken fingers are delicious, even compared to real chicken they are more juicy and flavorful. i think most meat-atarians would approve. the things i first noticed- high quality ingredients-very fresh tasting!!- nice staff -great KID menu-super clean restaurant with open kitchenmost of the menu caters to healthy diets, they even make whole wheat and non-fat pastries. this place is very unique. i highly recommend it too anyone wanting to try healthy comfort food.
5	Being Vegan is not easy in a place like Las Vegas however this is the most knowledgeable vegan friendly restaurant / cafe  in the Vegas Valley. I have bought two Cakes from them and ate there for lunch countless times once you establish yourself as a vegan you won't need to order like you do everywhere  else they truly understand what being a vegan is  about.Best Vegan Cakes in Las Vegas.Great for Vegan Lunch.I have yet to try to eat there for dinner. but i am looking forward to it
5	It is a bit of a hole in the wall, but this place is AWESOME. I went with a date after checking out a review here on Yelp. I had high hopes and they were exceeded. It's not easy eating out with people while being vegan, but this place makes it effortless. Not only was my vegan chicken and spinach quesadilla amazing, but my date ordered the mac and cheese (non-vegan) and just loved it. She said it was the best mac and cheese she's had. We both liked it so much that we know we'll be back.I might even have to update this as I try more of their menu.
5	This place was fantastic!The staff was extremely helpful and informative, they were happy to share their pride in their product, and the food was superb; plus it was owner operated - which is something that I really appreciate. My vegan turkey wrap was fantastic, and my friend enjoyed her (real) chicken salad very much. I am a big eater, not a typical skinny vegan, and although I was very full from the wrap, the helpful manager convinced me to get the Red Velvet Cake and it was unreal. It was the best vegan desert I have ever tasted, bar none. If it had been possible, I would have ordered another.  The details of the place really impressed me. The vegan meats were scary good - I had turkey flashbacks to 1996. The soy cheddar was top notch too; both items are specially shipped west from an east coast company that prepares them especially for the cafe. Bottom line: eat at this place!-Will HutchisonLahaina, HI
5	good food.  I'm not a vegan but, it's so delicious I eat vegan when I'm there.  the food is awesome and the chef is so knowledgable.  Really nice people and the food has a lot of thought and care put into it.
5	This place is great.  Had the chicken avocado panini, red velvet cupcake and sampled the carrot cake sandwich.  The food is delicious and healthy and you don't leave feeling weighed down at all.  The service is top notch too.  It's nice to eat at a place and order straight off the menu without having to ask for modifications to keep it healthy like I do at most restaurants.
5	Freaking amazing.I had the veggie tuna wrap & my husband had the avacado basil spaghetti (with veggie chicken & veggie bacon).  For dessert we split a red velvet cake.Everything was absolutely delicious.  It's our new favorite restaurant.The staff is fantastic.  The owner came over to out table to make sure eveything was up to par. He also informed us that the vegetarian dishes are prepared on its own stove, separate from the meat items which is awesome.Also notable was the low calorie count. The tuna wrap was 300 (for both huge pieces), the spaghetti was 400 and most amazingly...the red velvet cake was only 150!! Including the frosting and the strawberry.  I love everything about the place!
5	I've been vegan for about 5 years, and travel fairly frequently. up until I found this place, my favorite place for vegan cuisine was lovin' spoonfuls in Tucson. I didn't think it could get better than that. The "tuna" melt had me swooning, and I've never had a better taco salad (vegan or un). It's a laid back and simple setting, and the owner is quite passionate about what he does, and as such is very knowledgeable.
5	I'm not a Vegan, Vegetarian, Pescetarian or Ovarian (Yes, I know I made the last one up) In fact, I'm just fine with my pro-carnivor status and I still love this place! The wife & I try to eat healthy and organic when we can and this restaurant is great. They have dishes with perfectly cooked chicken breast, great flavor combinations and I've even tried a few Vegan dishes and I can't speak highly enough with the service or the food. If you're looking for a comfortable restaurant you may be a little dissapointed with the stools or the lack of square footage in the joint. There is something to be said for it being chill though. Overall, it's a great little cafe that won't kill your wallet...not to mention you'll be eating healthy. OH! and you have to try the Red Velvet Cake with a huge strawberry on top...the whole thing is 150 calories.
4	I did go to the Red Velvet Cafe for my birthday!  But nobody knew it was, since I & my eating partner in crime didn't say anything.  However, all went right in terms of our 1st first visit here.  The owner came over to say hello & thanked us for coming in; he recognizes his customers.  Everything we ate from the fresh guac w house made crackers, Asian salad w whole wheat noodles, ham & cheese panini, & red velvet cake were wholesome & delightful.  Other tables let us know to get dessert stating all was awesome.  I've already told sev'l people to try this place out since it was unbelievably delectable.
5	The food was amazing. They make anything on their menu vegan. I'm not but I like to eat healthy. Way cheaper then eating on the strip and the red velvet cupcake is sooo good. wish there was something like this place here in the O.C. For sure I'm coming back. They even make their own vegan cheese!!! I couldn't believe and had to ask if it was real.
4	Knowing I would be in Las Vegas for the weekend, I yelped some vegetarian food spots to check out while I was there.  This was the only place i actually made it out to because we did bring some of our own food and we were only there for 2 days.  anyway, we were pretty impressed with our findings.  the restaurant isnt all that big but there enough tables that are pretty spread out. its clean, sleek, and have modern decor. they have big, tall tables (most for 4 people) and highchairs (which resemble stools). only one table was shorter and had chairs with full backs.  unfortunately it was snatched from us as we went up to the counter and ordered.  i think i would have preferred more of those shorter tables or chairs with some back support...but thats just me.i ordered the chicken and spinach wrap- vegetarian style.  meaning, its just mock chicken instead of the real stuff.  the wrap is stuffed with spinach, artichoke, tomato, mozzarella, and pesto.  served on the side is baked potato chips that sort of reminded me of baked pringles. it was tasty and satisfying. you could probably stretch it out into two meals but i ate the whole thing. hahahmy friend had the vegan taco salad.  it was very delish.  the veggie ground beef was really well seasoned and the chipotle shell was not greasy.  stuffed inside was rice and beans, veggie ground beef, shredded lettuce, cheese, avocado, and salsa. my friend claimed it was the best taco salad she had ever had. we both had a red velvet cupcake for dessert.  the man working there said it was only 150 calories.  i don't know what to make of that because i dont believe him.  maybe he means per serving....and the cupcake has multiple servings. haha!  otherwise they are geniuses at Red Velvet because the cupcake was pretty amazing...and i dont like red velvet cake much because it is usually too sweet for me.  the frosting they used tasted like powdered sugar rather than the usual cream cheese frosting.  i guess my concern is that i dont think they are organic, which means they could be putting who knows what in there. to me, low-fat doesnt necessarily equal healthy if its made from chemicals.  i didnt ask much about the ingredients.   i did have quite the enjoyable meal, though and we were pleasantly surprised.  we are definitely going back next time we get out to vegas.   its nice to find a place (that isnt whole foods) to eat at in vegas.
5	This is my favorite place by far to eat in the city. I'm a vegetarian and its hard to find a good place with a VARIETY of veg choices besides pasta and salad. Their food is all made fresh and on the spot and its always delicious no matter what I get. Aneesha the master chef of the place works her ass off to make everything wonderful and healthy. No matter if you are a vegetarian or a meat eater they have something for everyone and its all good for you, all comes in wonderful portion sizes and always with a friendly smile. The best thing by far on their menu is their name sake...the red velvet cake...which is NOT imported. Aneesha gets up at the crack of dawn to come in a make all the back goods fresh for the day. A wonderful place and I can't wait until they expand into the area next door! They also do catering and special cakes for weddings, birthdays, etc...mmmmm!!!
5	If I ever decided to move to Las Vegas, I would just set up a cot at Red Velvet and live there.  The fact there's a vegan place at all in The Vegas is amazing to me, let alone one that is health-conscious, fresh, and delicious.Our first trip there, we had vegan cheddar bacon fries and a taco salad.  When I saw the fries, I had to call the chef over to ask if the cheese was really vegan, because it definitely didn't look vegan.  The chef told me that not only was it vegan, but she makes it herself.  She was explaining how she couldn't make it some days if the weather wasn't cooperative, and so on and so forth.  In any case, it was SO good.  I told her she could easily sell it commercially; she smiled and said she could never make enough at once to make it commercially.  Damn shame.  She'd be a bazillionaire.  And that's just from the amount I'd buy from her.  Oh, and did I mention that the fries were baked?  They did not taste baked.  But I know she wasn't lying, because I didn't feel like crap after eating half a plate of them.  Yummo.The taco salad had a little too much Iceberg lettuce for my taste, but it was still yummy yummy yummy, and I loved that the taco shell was a baked crispy whole grain tortilla instead of a deep-fried flour one. For dessert we had the red velvet cake, and all I can say is, now I know why the restaurant is named after it.  Holy Mother of Yum.We went again the day we had to leave (because we just couldn't resist).  We got a "chicken"-spinach-artichoke panini and a "chicken" salad wrap.  The panini was amazing.  The wrap was really good.  And the package of 6 cookies did not taste low-calorie, although they told us that the whole package was something like 130 calories and 6 grams of fat.  For the WHOLE PACKAGE.  Unbelievable.  It was all I could do not to kidnap the chef and steal her back to LA with me.  Now I have a reason to go back to Vegas.  A lot.
5	One of the best cafes in Las Vegas. Healthy, delicious food. Don't miss the red velvet cake, the cookies are phenomenal as well. I'm a big fan of the chicken curry and the grilled shrimp tacos.
5	I have to say that it had been a while since I visited Red Velvet Cafe. Since then they have gotten a lot busier and even expanded the restaurant to have enough space for all the patrons. I say good for them, it's about time!I just took a vegetarian friend to lunch there, which might have been a bit of a mistake since it was so busy. After we got our food and he took a bite he said he was going to put the restaurant into his regular lineup because he liked it so much.I have also brought my omnivore type friends to this place and they all love it. I have nothing but good to say about Red Velvet Cafe. And their vegan desserts are to die for.
4	It had been sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo long since I had any form of ground beef. And on this day, I satisfied my soul. No guilt whatsoever. I couldn't believe the options. Both Vegetarians and Meat eaters can have exactly what they want. And both parties can enjoy a meal together. Finally! - $10.95 regular Taco Salad & $11.95 for a vegan Taco SaladYou were searched. You were ran to.You were there for us during a hungry time.You weren't one to take sides. You let us have ''both!"You rock!
5	I am so happy that I've discovered this place. I only really knew about it because of restaurant.com. I used a gift certificate from the website to try out something new. The vegetarian taco salad is THE BEST taco salad I have ever had. The carrot cake cookie is THE BEST carrot cake anything I've had and I've tried many many treats in my day. Not to mention it's only 126 calories - hello! You won't believe it. My husband had the buffalo chicken sandwich and fire fries. He really enjoyed the sandwich and we both loved the fries! I would say that this is a definite new favorite of mine. I'll be back - in fact probably again this week!
4	Unfortunately my stomach wasn't very happy shortly after I ordered, so I wasn't able to eat my food when it was brought to me.  But I did have my leftovers the next day, and they were pretty good.  I got a pasta dish and my girlfriend got a Chinese dish, and both were excellent.  Very strange that you order at the counter, then get served at a table, and then go back up to the counter to pay.  Would love to try it again when I can actually eat my food in the restaurant!
5	Love this place! Great service, great food! I had the shrimp, bacon and avocado salad and it was a very big salad but I could not stop eating until it was done! This will be a for sure stop anytime I'm in Vegas! My Mom ordered the Red Velvet cake to go and she said it was amazing! The great part is it's so low on calories, which makes it a guilt free delight!
2	This is the best Vegas has to offer in Vegetarian fair, but it fails to meet a higher standard. I was hoping to find creative unique dishes, but just found the usual. I settled on a shrimp, turkey bacon, and avocado salad; the lettuce was extremely chopped, and overall the salad wasn't exciting. The vinaigrette was a bit on the sweet side with tang, but I really dislike a sweet vinaigrette, it reminds me of italian.  I also ordered a chai tea latte which would have been better had it been hot rather than slightly warm. This place could be cool, despite the less than impressive menu, but unfortunately the music drove me crazy. I like my cafes to have hip, chill music. To my unpleasant surprise, I semi-enjoyed my lunch to the blare of system of a down and the like. It was, might I say, less than relaxing.
5	This place can only be described as A-Maz-Ing! I have been to RVC on many occasions, and it only gets better. Every time we have an out of town guest, we make a stop at RVC, if not just for the incredible selection of Vegan desserts. This is definitely a place where Vegans, Vegetarians and meat eaters can all come to share a fantastic meal at a really affordable price. Almost all of the food is freshly made on-site, and the staff and owners are very friendly and helpful. I recommend the "sausage" pizzeta. The faux sausage is made fresh every couple of days, and is seasoned so much like actual sausage, that my non-veggie brother could not taste the difference. The desserts are the best in Vegas, vegan or non-vegan hands down. They are rich and delicious. Word on the street from the RVC is that they may start to ship these delicious bad boys come December. Those who don't live in Vegas can only hope!
4	I had heard that this was the place to go for vegetarians in Vegas...it was.I tried the taco salad and buffalo chicken wrap. Both were tasty and healthy tasting. I love the big pile of baked chips that came with my wrap. The taco salad had the most fantastic shell as well.The owner spent some time with us explaining his menu and philosophies about food. He was very nice and I appreciated his focus on health (although I am not sure about the sole focus on low-cal/low-fat).The food was 5 stars, but red velvet can improve on the ambience(turn down the overhead lights) and some nice beer/ wine selection would go a long way. Not sure if they allow byob.Regardless, a fine meal. Shines as a lunch spot for sure!
1	Yelp, you have wronged me.  We wanted to try something healthy and light and decided to dine here last Saturday for lunch.  It was about 1pm, and the place was packed.  We patiently stood around for a few minutes waiting to be seated.  We figured they were busy so we'll just seat ourselves.  The busser cleaned a table, and we sat down.  He gave us our menus, but we were ignored for the next 10-15 minutes.  (We should've just gotten up and ran.)  Finally, I walked up to a waiter and asked if we could order.  He came to our table, apologized & said it was busier than normal.  As someone from the industry, I was sympathetic.  We ordered a California panini, eggplant pizzeti, & chicken/mushroom/spinach panini with side salads & chips.  They were out of the french fries.  How could you be out of fries for the next 2 hours? The food was such a disappointment!  I don't care if it was organic & the lettuce came from the garden of Eden & watered with holy water; it was simply not good.  The side salads were completely uninteresting.  I could buy organic mixed greens from Safeway and throw some vinaigrette on it, and it would taste exactly the same.  My CA panini was barely warm.  The bread was tiny and the meat looked turkey bologna from the sale section of the grocery store.  I could've made this garbage at home but no, I spent $7 on it.  The pizzeti was equally disgusting.  No flavor whatsoever.  My bf's panini was ok.  Not terrible but edible at best.  And it was served with a small handful of broken Lays potato chips.  I cannot believe we wasted $30 & 1.5 hours on this place.  I initially wanted to try the red velvet cake, but from the experience with the food & service, we decided not to waste any more $ here.The place is full of frou frou vegetarians/health conscious people who are willing to pay $$ for awful food because they probably don't know better.  The lady at the table next to ours was a calorie counter and wanted to know the calories of everything.  Listen lady, you don't look that great.  Save your time and money & eat somewhere else that actually tastes good & hit the gym if you feel that guilty.  I consider myself a health conscious person but I definitely think that taste should not be compromised. Food 0/5Service 0.5/5Ambiance 0.5/5 (they played loud techno music)Grand total for 1/5 stars. If 0 stars was an option, I would've given 0.
4	alright, i already wrote a review but after reading some other reviews i have to add--techno music, SERIOUSLY!??!  i've eaten here tons of times and ive NEVER heard techno music!  and the spinach and mushroom panini is what i usually odrer and i think it's DELICIOUS and full of flavor!  the side salads are great too!  yes, they are basically "plain," but super fresh and the dressing is great!  i dunno,  maybe they had an off day, but i always feel that the food is full of flavor...  it IS expensive tho, i'll give kristen that...  but honestly, that experience was a misrepresentation of what it's normally like.  maybe the owner wasn't there or something!?  he's really nice
5	As a vegetarian, I have to subsist mostly on fries, cheese pizza and salad every time I visit Las Vegas. Now that we have discovered Red Velvet, it will become a regular stop on every visit. The cafe is located about a 15-minute drive from the Strip in a small strip mall. The atmosphere is casual and the prices are reasonable. While the menu is not exclusively vegan/vegetarian, any item can be "vegified." I had the vegan taco salad and it was one of the best casual vegan meals I have ever had. The flavor was great and the balance of "meat," beans, rice, lettuce, salsa, "cheese" and avocado was perfect. My companion, who is mostly vegetarian but will eat "humanely raised" meat sometimes, opted for the spicy chicken wrap with real chicken. He liked it so much that he wanted to go back the next day. This place is a real treasure for vegans/vegetarians, and I hope you give it your support. I intend to every time I am in Las Vegas!
3	Went for lunch a couple of times. It's a solid place for a bite. If your not into "healthy" food it might be a bit of a struggle.
2	I'm vegetarian and my husband is vegan with a wheat and soy allergy, so after reading a glowing review of Red Velvet Cafe in a magazine, we went for lunch, on our last day in Vegas, with high expectations for true vegetarian food... and we were sorely disappointed. There did not seem to be any, and I mean ANY, true vegetarian dishes on the menu. I was searching for SOMETHING to order, when I noticed the footnote stating that all items can be "made vegetarian" - i.e., they can have seitan or tofu substituted for the meat. That might work for a newbie vegetarian, but someone who enjoys a meaty portobello mushroom or tasty eggplant or roasted butternut squash in some sort of main dish with perhaps some polenta or rice...? Nothin'. Just tofu and lettuce. The only thing my husband found that he trusted enough to order was the black bean soup with a salad. The vegetarian "spicy chicken wrap" that I ordered was fine, but not the sort of vegetarian fare that will draw me back again. It tasted more like a McDonalds version of vegetarian than a true vegetable-oriented vegetarian meal.On the other hand, the Carnival World Buffet at Rio's was superb, with too many wonderful vegetarian options to even name!! And the best vegan food was to be had at the Whole Foods at the end of the strip past Mandalay Bay... excellent food bar there!
4	I'm so glad I got to eat here while I was in Las Vegas. I've eaten at Go Raw in Vegas before, and was satisfied, but this time I was in the mood for something warm, vegan, and delicious. My vegan friend (he lives in Vegas) and I met our meat-loving friends and their son here for lunch on new year's eve and the place was PACKED! They must have gotten really popular since they opened the place, because they seemed short-staffed and short on space. My friends and I sat at the bar by the coffee counter and waited to pounce on one of the tables once the people eating there finished. I didn't expect anything too amazing as far as service was concerned because they were so unbelievably busy, but our server was actually very friendly and as attentive as he could be. I ordered the vegan taco salad, my vegan friend ordered the vegan tuna salad, and our meat-eating buddies ordered a wrap and a panini. Both of the vegan dishes were very tasty, but the taco salad really blew me away. (Almost as good as the taco salad from Karyn's Cooked in Chicago!) It was so filling and warm and perfect and delicious! I had a hard time finishing it all, but for the price I was paying (and due to the fact that I couldn't take any leftovers with me), I gobbled it all up. The best part of the meal, in my opinion, was the dessert. OH. MY. GOD. So many vegan dessert options! We ordered the red velvet cake (someone told me it was only around 200 calories? it was so rich, that's hard to believe..) and it was divine. Warm, gooey, moist red velvet cake with melt-in-your-mouth VEGAN butter cream frosting?!! Yes, please! Swoon Anyway, if you're in Vegas from out of town, this is really one of your only options if you're a vegan. Hate to break it to you guys, but Vegas isn't all about us vegans YET. :) If you have severe food allergies (gluten, etc), just go to Whole Foods like you would in your home town. But if you're searching for something good to eat and cooked (for raw, go to Go RAW), PLEASE make a trip to Red Velvet. (If only for their dessert selection) I've heard they're always really busy, too, so expect a wait. :)
3	The reviews on this place were on polar ends-either really good or really bad. I had to give it a try and write this un-biased opinion. If you're health conscious you'll appreciate the selection, especially the desserts. I started with the much talked about red velvet cake. Yum! I give it three and a half stars overall for the clean food and cozy atmosphere. I went the simple route and got the chicken, spinach, mushroom panini. It came with a side salad. The salad was very green and fresh. The bread needed an upgrade. The spinach tasted like it was boiled and drained weird, but not bad. Lots of mozzarella cheese. I would've asked for a little less. The combo of the 3 aforementioned ingredients was good together and the chicken slices were hearty-just the way I like it.Didn't feel weighed down by the end of my meal. Can't complain in all $13 buckaroos.
3	Took family to eat on Saturday afternoon. The service was good, the waiter had charm and patience with my order anxiety and my families slightly dysfunctional restaurant etiquette. My Wife and daughter #1 had the grilled veggie panini and salad. I had grilled chicken panini and salad and #2 daughter had pizza. My sandwich was marginal, chicken was warmed not cooked, the cheese barely melted and pretty flavorless. The "salad" was mixed greens from a bag and slathered in vinaigrette... Not a carrot, onion or tomato to be found, that was no salad it was a cry for help. I probably will give it another try just to seal the deal or let it go. On a positive note, Red velvet cake is worth the trip..
3	The name says it all....if you never order dinner, at LEAST go for the ridiculously tasty (and vegan) Red Velvet cake.  I am eating my leftover piece of cake with my coffee as I type this!The food I think is hit or miss.  Having never been here before, I asked the waiter (who I think was the owner) what he recommended.  We started with the Avocado Quesadillas, which were pretty delicious, but heavy on the cheese (just a warning to you lactose-intolerant kids like me).  Then I had the Caprese Salad....and I give it a meh.  Lotsa lettuce, a good piece of chicken, and a crap ton of mozzarella and tomatoes.  Definitely perfect for the plain-dieting-eater, but I could done with a bit more fixins'.For the main entree we had the Spicy Peanut Chicken, and this was a home run.  Great flavor and plenty of food for two.  Please try this dish if you go!  Also the owner said that they were happy to add heat to this dish if you wanna sweat a bit more....Finally, the cake, OH THE CAKE.  As I said before, if you get nothing else, get this amazingly moist, warm, delicious Red Velvet Cake!On a side note, the service was....well...weird.  I think we had a waiter, but didn't see him much, so ended up just kinda meandering over to the counter to order, pay, etc.  Coulda done with a bit more attention, which is why I downgraded from 4 to 3 stars.
1	I myself am not a Vegetarian or Vegan, but I can appreciate that style of food and often eat meat free meals.  So when I was invited to go to Red Velvet Cafe with a co-worker for lunch on a Friday in Lent I figured it was a great idea.  I've given up eating meat on Fridays so I thought there would be good Vegetarian/Vegan options for me.  When we entered, there was a couple empty tables and a counter with a register, which appeared to be where you place your order.  At the counter we were instructed to take a seat and we would be waited on.  We took a couple laminated menus and sat at a table just across from the register.  After looking over the menu I selected a Salmon Quesadilla from the March specials menu.  After an unnecessarily long wait, we were finally visited by our server who was the same person that told us to take a seat from behind the register.  I was then informed that they were out of Salmon.  The 2 other members of my party ordered and I asked for another minute to find something else.  However, it took so long for our server to return that everyone else's food arrived shortly after I placed my 2nd order.  The other two orders at the table had errors (missed substitutions, meat product instead of real meat) but they didn't want to spend the extra time to complain about it.  My food finally arrived as everyone else was finishing theirs.  Being on a 1 hour lunch break, I had to request my order to go, because I needed to be back at work.  They slid my sandwich and handful of baked Lays into a box and I ate my lukewarm sandwich in my office at work.  Food was decent, but not worth the $11 bucks I paid and the lousy service I received.  Based on other reviews this is not uncommon for this location.Other things to know before going:The only thing "Vegetarian/Vegan" about this restaurant is the fact that anything on the menu can be "Made Vegan".  This means they substitute the real meat for fake soy based meat product.  Almost all the items on the menu contain real meat and will have to be "Made Vegan".  I also noticed that the same grills/griddles are used for meat and vegetarian/vegan, incase you care about cross contamination.  For a place that markets themselves as a vegetarian/vegan restaurant they do not have many non-meat selections.There is a $10 minimum on all Credit and Debit Purchases.  This is against merchant agreements by Visa and Mastercard.  But with the prices, you shouldn't have a problem spending less than $10 bucks.There are no fountain sodas, everything is canned/bottled.Would I go again?  Maybe, but only if I was eating meat and had a few hours to waste on lunch.  If you're looking for somewhere to get a meal on a 1 hour schedule, look somewhere else.  If you're a strict Vegetarian/Vegan that is sick of eating soy meat product, look somewhere else.
3	I really really wanted to like this place.  My friend has been raving about it for months.  He likes to bring home the desserts so I was lucky enough to try one of the carrot cake sandwiches before I even set foot in the restaurant.  It was delicious so I dragged my boyfriend to the restaurant for lunch.It was mid afternoon when we went there so it was not busy, maybe three other tables were occupied.  We were not clear on whether or not we needed to seat ourselves and kinda stood there akwardly until someone yelled from behind the counter to sit anywhere.  Then we waited for 15 minutes to be approached.  My boyfriend finally went to get someone who took our drink and food order and never returned.  We went to the counter to get refills on our drinks.  A different person dropped off our food and my boyfriend went back up to the counter to pay the bill.We ordered the quesadilla appetizer which was awesome.  I ordered a bland chicken wrap and my boyfriend ordered an equally bland sandwich.  After the mostly dissappointing food and very dissappointing service (actually, can you be dissappointed if it doesn't exist?) we left.  Without dessert which was the whole reason I even took him in there!Anyways, the friend who recommended it still raves about it so maybe I'll go again with him.  Maybe he knows some secret to getting service there that I don't.
4	The service was kind of off. The young woman who waited on us didn't know what half of the ingredients were or whether certain cafe beverages could be made vegan. She waited on two other tables that were seated after us before coming to help us. We had the pesto "chicken" pizza and veggie grill sandwich - both made vegan. The quality, taste and presentation of the food made up for the poor service and for the second part of our time, a guy from the cafe waited on us who was wonderful - kind, polite, knowledgeable - everything you expect. The mexican mochas are really yummy, as well. I was too full to try the famous red velvet cake.
2	It's hard to find good vegetarian food in Las Vegas, so I was really excited to read the reviews on Red Velvet Cafe. Imagine my surprise when I entered the restaurant to smell, what???  Cooking meat! Although Red Velvet  self identifies as a "vegan" restaurant, it is, in fact  a traditional eatery that offers vegetarian/vegan  alternatives to their menu items. This is a wonderful option for carnivores who want to dance on the side of compassion, but it does not make it a vegan restaurant. The place was crowded, poorly staffed, unclean, and, I repeat, it SMELLED LIKE MEAT. If you are an ethical vegetarian, steer clear of Red Velvet Cafe. Otherwise, grab your table wipes and head on over. The menu really is diverse and the red velvet cupcake ($5 per) is impressive.  Ok, it looked pretty. The staff working the day we visited Red Velvet Cafe didn't seem the least bit interested in helping us find seating, or in the finding a remedy to a broken chair situation we encountered when we did find finally find our own seats.
4	This is a little unassuming little strip mall joint my wife dragged me to.  I'm glad she did.For all of it's lack of charm and seating and service, the food is really good and "healthy".  Glad to see it buzzing and packed on a chilly weekday.  The server (also owner?) was unfortunately completely overwhelmed and had a hard time getting to tables, but the flavors once the food showed up more than made up for his chicken-with-a-head-cut-off service.
3	I knew beforehand that Red Velvet was not exclusively vegetarian/vegan, and I eat at many establishments either on vacation or at home that offer omnivore options, so that wasn't a factor in this review. I do appreciate that every single item on the menu can be made either vegetarian or vegan. There's nothing worse than being told that a place has vegan options, but they end up being three items on the menu, one of which you're allergic to, one of which is totally disgusting, you get the idea.We ordered the bacon-cheddar fries (vegan) for an appetizer- they came out mostly cold, and smothered in way too much daiya vegan cheese, which is best used sparingly. As a result, the daiya clumped rather than melted, and rather than lending flavor to the fries, ended up as slimy goo in our mouths- yuck.I had the vegan taco salad, which was for the most part delicious. It was layers of rice and beans, faux carnitas, lettuce, more daiya, avocado, and salsa in a crunchy shell. I scarfed it down- it was actually not bad, although I definitely think there's room for improvement. My boyfriend, however, ordered the vegan chicken teriyaki. The teriyaki sauce was waaaay too salty, and lemme tell you that man LOVES his salt. He could hardly eat it. Service was overall friendly and courteous, although a bit slow. We waited forever for our check before finally being told there was a printer malfunction- totally understandable, but we'd probably have been a lot more patient if we knew that sooner. The decor is nice, quite clean and modern and I like how they've included a lot of red to tie into their name. There was a huge flat-screen TV playing CNN on mute, which I felt didn't go with the classier environment in there. Either bring the ambience down a notch and turn on the volume, or turn the TV off during dinner to class the place up a bit!
4	Service: Great Food: Good Restaurant: Return Visits: Possibly Ordered: Bottled AnTeaDote, Caprese Salad, Chicken Burger and on a previous visit-- Red Velvet Cupcake This was our first time actually sitting down and eating here. It's a seat yourself restaurant and a waiter will come by and take your order. Our waiter was very sweet but I can't remember his name! SORRY! Our food was good! It's REALLY hard to mess up a Caprese Salad so I'd have a sh**-fit if they messed this up! lol My husband liked his burger, in his words "It was pretty good!". Previously, we ordered a Red Velvet Cupcake to go and this is where the 1-Star is knocked off. We weren't fans of it. It tasted like 'cardboard' as my husband said, it lacked the sweetness that we were looking for. Also the one star knockoff is because of their so-called "Vegan and Vegetarian Friendly" claims, they're not overly friendly in that sense lol They had way more meat dishes than Vegan/Vegetarian dishes. That part really disappointed me, considering I'm originally from San Diego and they have many selections for Vegan/Vegetarian restaurants. Still good food nonetheless :)
5	This is one of my favorite place to bring my non vegetarian friend.  They have a regular menu but everything can be made vegan. I have been there many times and strongly recommend the vegan tuna panini, the taco salad, the buffalo vegan chicken wrap and the vegan tortellini. Their desserts are to die for so make sure you keep room for some!  The atmosphere is great with a trendy look, music and magazines on the tables.
5	It has been a while since my last visit, but came back with my entire family (both wife's side and mine) tonight for dinner. Both my brother and brother law love RVC...when they come to town, they have to eat here first...and they are both meat loving men. As typical, the service was great! I've read a lot of the reviews that talk about the slow service time, but good food should take time, and we should be eating our food slower. There really isn't another place I've been since college where I feel like a valued regular customer. We are always greeted when we walk in by the Chef's husband, he remembers who we are, and he remembers my family, and they only come here once a year. With the quality of food, sweets and service, I will continue to patronize this great establishment.
5	In that I herald from Chicago, land of fantastic, independent restaurants that express independence and uniqueness, it is no surprise that the lack of such things in Vegas is a point of contention for me.  A friend of mine invited me to have dinner with her at the Red Velvet Cafe. I did the requisite Yelp research and learned that, though it is oft described as a veg/vegan restaurant, it in fact serves some meat. Despite that fact, all recipes can be made either veg/ or vegan with meat replacement. I was impressed at the off-the-beaten-path vibe that the reviews suggested.I entered the place, and was struck by the clean, pleasant decor,highlighted in red, but definitely not overdone.  The place is family-owned, and the greeting was friendly and welcoming.  My friend let me know that the service isn't fast, but we were hanging and enjoying the evening, so that wasn't an issue. The server was attentive, personable and very accommodating, which was nice. Additionally, the owner stopped by the table a couple times and even remembered my friend from her last visit!  I ordered their (somewhat acclaimed) spicy peanut chicken on rice, and my friend ordered the tortellini bolognese. Both entrees were under $15, and were very large - definitely 2 meals in one entree. I also saw others, who ordered salads, be ushered into mountains of fixins. Our meals were both delicious.  (I have been told that their sandwiches, wraps and more casual menu items are also great).I was told by my friend that we had to share the place's namesake, the Red Velvet cupcake (which is really more of a little round cake - larger than a cupcake). Having been told that the delight is 150 calories total, 4 gm of fat, AND completely vegan, I was skeptical at best.  It was phenomenal.  The cakes are made fresh daily, and this one was still warm from the oven.  The white, whipped frosting was sweet and light, while married to the red velvet cake which was more subdued in it's sweetness.  Divine.Kudus to the Red Velvet Cafe for providing a unique, clean, friendly and delicious alternative to the parade of chain restaurants in this town.  It was like a little piece of Chicago in Vegas.I recommend it highly.
4	I have been reading a lot of the other reviews for this place stating that the Red Velvet Cake/Cupcake, upon which this cafe bases its name, is a 150 calorie treat.  Ok, either that is a lie, or I have been WASTING MY LIFE by not going there EVERY DAY.  Because those cakes are fucking delicious, and with the approximate calorie count as a a can of soda? I would gladly drink water henceforth and have dessert.  I will be going there tomorrow.  Ok, real review.  Generally great food.  I've had really good luck with everything I've ordered there. Except for maybe the fries.  They're not so hot.  First, everything on the menu can be made veggie/vegan, but usually at an extra charge. I'm fine with that, but it can add up if you're ordering for a lot of people I guess.  My favorite thing by far (and something that I get an insatiable craving for from time to time) is the vegan buffalo chicken wrap.  It's full of spicy and crunchy and protein-y goodness, all wrapped up in a toasted tortilla.  I also love their fruit lemonades!  I've never had a dessert I didn't like, but the red velvet is my fave.  Did I mention that I'm going there tomorrow to get one? I might just have to pick up a vegan buffalo chicken wrap to go with it.....Warning: the service is SLOOOOOOOOOW.  Even if you're the only table there.  The owners/managers/servers have always been super friendly to me and very nice and accommodating.  But expect to wait awhile, even if you call in a to-go order.  Also, it's not clear whether they sometimes do table service now (maybe at night?).  Your best bet is to go order at the counter (that's what I always do -- if they're doing table service they will let you know).  But otherwise -- yay!
4	Thank god for this place! Red Velvet Cafe is a vegan/veg friendly American restaurant. Almost everything on their menu can be made vegan/vegetarian using fake meats and vegan cheeses. Although I'm not a vegan, I do know that they make their vegan cheese in-house and it melts! We love their grain-based veggie burger, the vegetarian tuna melt (bring some gum for after), the buffalo "chicken" wrap, their mac and cheese (soooo yummmm) and their specials that they so creatively whip up every month! The owners are friendly and they remember their customers and are so careful to get our orders perfect. Of course, a trip here cannot end without desert. The Red Velvet Cake, chocoloate chip cookies, chocolate chip cake and most of their specialty cakes are AMAZING. I don't know how healthy the food is here but I do know that whenever we eat here our bodies feel good. One thing to note is that this place is very crowded and the service is pretty slow. Also, it's all the way in Summerlin! They need a location in Town Square!
5	They can make about anything on their menu Vegan. I had "chicken" with mixed veggies, brown rice, and a side salad with a side of Teriyaki sauce. There was not one thing I was served that I did not swoon over.
5	I can't speak for all eaters, but for Vegans this place is a serious guilty pleasure.  They have some of the best Vegan comfort food in town, I was feeling very dismal about finding tasty food when I moved from L.A. where they are over abundant in Vegan cuisine, but I was happily surprised when a friend shared this gem of a place with me. My favorite combo is the Vegan chicken, spinach, and mushroom panini, I like to add avocado and request a salad vs. the baked chips. and for dessert the chocolate chips cookies are seriously better than any non-vegan competitor, as for cake I'm not a "red Velvet person per se, so the Cinnamon cake is my favorite pick!Location is so far from my house but the food is really worth the wait, servers are kind and a bit sarcastic, which I find amusing... Bring a sweater even in the summer, they keep the temperature set to sub-zero/Antarctic!
1	I will NEVER visit this place again. The service was unbelievably slow, the food lukewarm and unappetizing, the layout uninviting, the chairs uncomfortable and did I mention how bad the service was? It took 45 minutes to get our food, and my companion's food and mine didn't even come out at the same time! I got mine at least 10 minutes before he got his. The table just behind us came in at approximately the same time we did and didn't even get their order (just some fries, as far as I could tell) until we were almost finished with our entrees!It was also very confusing as to whether we were supposed to order at the counter or not. It seemed as though it was counter service, and they took our order and told us to take any table we liked, but when we sat down at a table to wait for our food a "server" came by and told us we should have ordered from her! Wait, what?We had the red velvet cake for dessert (we had to, they were OUT of everything else) and found it unimpressive. I realize its not easy to make vegan desserts, but really I've had much much better than this. If this is truly the best in Vegas that vegetarians and vegans have to look forward to, I am very, very sorry.
4	The vegan buffalo chicken wrap is still the bomb, the red velvet cake is still delectable! I think they've hired more people, because the service lately (I've been twice in the last month) has been really good and fast! I got my takeout order in about 10 min, and was tended to in a timely manner when I dined in with two others.They are also trying out a bunch of new desserts each month; I had the tiramisu (very good) and strawberry creme (meh).
5	The Red Velvet Cafe is by far our favorite lunch place in Las Vegas. The steamed chicken, vegetables, and brown rice plate is delicious.  The portion is large as well.  The chicken, caprese panini is the best!  Their desserts are also incredible. Our favorites are the red velvet cake, vanilla chocolate chip cake and once they had a chocolate, coconut bread pudding that was amazing. These desserts  are vegan and SO delicious!   We look forward to every trip there. You
1	FYI - made Red Velvet a first stop on our weekend Vegas trip. Found the place on Quarrygirl.com. We ordered a spicy "chicken" wrap which consisted of soy chicken nuggets, a few bits of "cheese" lettuce and tomato wrapped in a tortilla swimming in tobasco. It was nasty! Tobasco should not be used as a main flavor - it was so much that I just picked the nuggets out of my wrap & ate it w/ the side salad. I notified the waitress who let me know that the menu did say it was spicy but she didn't understand what I was telling her is their combo of flavors was killed by a flood of tabasco saturating the whole thing. Love spicy but this was the wrong way to do it. Really bad. After that I certainly did NOT want dessert. Not going back. Had to leave still hungry from that crap lunch!  I urge the owners to taste their vegan spicy chicken wrap and see what they think.  I think I wasted $30 on our 2 lunches.
4	One of the best vegan restaurants I have ever eaten at! The customer service is awesome and matches the quality of the food. Price is a little high but not complaining the meals are worth every penny!
4	OK so I havent been here in over 6 months...I had the vegan tuna melt sandwich and and did enjoy it. It is still pretty pricey at 8.99 plus a buck to make it vegan... It looks like finely chopped veggie meat with chopped onions and celery in a vegenaise sauce on regular wheat bread.My husband ordered the vegetarian spicy chicken wrap which was also good.Both dishes comes with either a plain mixed greens or chips. Husband ordered the sparking blood orange ice tea. Refreshing but again... 5.50 and no refills....We ordered the apple crumble cake and the lemon raspberry cream cake. Both were good! I think I remember the red velvet cupcake being a bit more fluffy and light but it may be because its baked in a smaller mould. I definitely enjoy seeing the display of various vegan desserts. This is definitely a huge plus for vegans who always get screwed when it comes to dessert (sorbet or fruit cup?)With tip, the meal for 2 comes out to be quite a splurge! I wish it was a bit cheaper and I would return more often....
4	Been here don that! And how convenient it is that Red Valvet Cafe is next to my Yoga Studio....a great veggie pick to dine in after a challenging practice of yoga! This place is definitely good, but I do think it is quite pricey. Their salads are fresh and tasty, but too expensive. I particularly enjoyed their taco salad.  I really like the avocado and basil spaghetti. There are more Veggie items that I want to try and will give an update. So far Red Velvet has not failed me yet, except for their prices in Salads ($12.95 for a salad is just way too expensive in my book)!
5	red velvet is unlike any other cafe or restaurant in las vegas. i am bay area grown and raised, live a veggie life style and am so used to different options anywhere i go when it comes to eating a great meal. so far, red velvet is the closest thing i have found to home as far as grubbing goes. they have vegan, vegetarian, and even options for the carnivore. i give this place a 5 mainly because they are able to fulfill all my vegan and vegetarian needs. besides this, i can bring my friends and family members along who do eat meat and it helps with an effortless decision. they have excellent service, the place is always poppin, the food is always so delicious, and it's a taste of home. most veggie and vegan places can be kind of pricey and my theory is because of the prep work, the cost of organic product, and the love that goes into creating a beautiful meal. still, it's worth it and gives me ideas for my next creations. =)
2	If it wasn't for the excellent desserts, this place would be boarded up. My wife loves this place, but she and her friends who regularly go always warn people of the poor service. I've now been twice, and won't be back. It is the worst service I've ever experienced. Both times it has taken at least 10 minutes to get even a glass of water. More than 20 minutes before an order is taken. It is a casual restaurant that should be getting people in and out in 30 minutes, yet we've barely ordered by the time we should be leaving. I've had two different wraps there and both were bland. The spicy crispy chicken wrap was even bland. How can something called spicy be bland?I ordered the baked fries with my wrap, and was told it would be an extra $1.99. No problem. When the food was delivered it came with a small 1/3 filled ramekin (small cup) of ketchup. I immediately requested more ketchup. I had to flag down the waitress from across the room about 10 minutes later to ask about the ketchup. She said, "They didn't bring it?" Yeah, right. Then five minutes later she came by to clear the plates, we weren't done. I again asked for ketchup. Five minutes after that, when my wrap was done and my fries were cold, a busser brought me ketchup. We waited another five minutes to remind her we had ordered dessert. And 10 minutes after we were done, empty sodas and waters for half the meal now, we sat there. Again, we had to flag her down to ask for the check. This place would run much better if we could order ourselves from a counter and have them call a number when our food was ready. Yeah, I really did just say the service is so bad, I'd rather serve myself. The desserts come with the hard-to-believe claim that they are all under 200 calories. But they are so tasty that I suspend disbelief and dig in. The vanilla chocolate chip cake is amazing. The signature red velvet cake is very good also. As are the cookies. My wife regularly brings home the desserts after she goes with her friends. That is the only way I will ever experience this place again.
5	I been here twice so far and both times I was very happy. My favorite is the taco salad vegetarian style. The oatmeal cookies and red velvet cupcakes are amazing. Its hard to believe that they are vegan.
5	I am a big fan of RVC...and that won't change. My update is that I do believe that RVC is striving to improve what could be seen as their slow service. While dining today, first time in 2 months, we noticed that there were a couple more wait staff than usual, and they were very attentive to all of the customers. To be clear, we've never had a problem at Red Velvet Cafe. I don't mind waiting for my food because it is prepared with health in mind. But increased staff is always a good thing. We had another friend from out of town and brought her here. She is a bit more open to veggie fare than other our friends. She has had veggie cuisine all over the world, and at many of the veggie places in Denver. She commented to us that the desserts were the best she had ever had. We got one dessert we'd not tried before - the double chocolate fudge cake. Super rich, delicious and 190 calories. WOW!We also enjoyed a great lunch where the food was as good as usual.
1	Ok I really feel torn to give it a bad review..... The problem is...1 cookie is not 15-20 calories. They needed something to back this up. No vegan cookie is 15-20 calories. The desserts are really good, but I don't believe they are being honest about the calories. I am a skeptic, but this is a major deterrent for me.
2	i'm a vegetarian and was really looking forward to this highly recommended place. i'm immediately turned off that they serve actual real meat in a vegan restaurant. I will say that my unsweetened ice tea mixed with mango lemonade (mixed by myself) was delicious. the side salad with my pannini was excellent!!! pannini was DISGUSTING i could have made a to-furky pannini at home thank you. the highly recommended red velvet was very good for being 150 calories and 5 grams of fat. very disappointed :( service was SO SLOW and it was only us and two other tables....slow food +bad service = me no going again :( sadly! i was really excited
4	This might be difficult to review based on one visit but...LV generally sucks as far as vegan options go (outside of donuts). Being from out of town and based primarily on The Strip, RVC is a bit of a trek. Of course, if you are vegan, on the strip, and have transportation, you will need to go here.The menu is quite diverse and they easily substitute any of the meats with meat analogs- even (kinda) crispy chicken! The portions are also very generous. I had a (vegan) spicy crispy chicken wrap and I totes enjoyed it. You might as well skip the side salad and Baked Lay's. Save room for dessert.The desserts are deceivingly large portions as well. Who doesn't like various nomz cakes with very sweet frosting?I must also commend the service. Our server was super friendly and helpful!All-in-all, RVC would get 3 stars as it is good but not great- except that  by Vegas standards, it is easily 4 stars.
1	I have no idea how this place has such good reviews. I came here with my bf recently and once we entered we weren't greeted for a while. We went to the cashier and asked him if we just sit anywhere and he looked at us like we should've known that already. He gave us our menus which was your generic "vegan" menu with wraps, paninis, salads, and a minuscule variety of anything else.  We opted for pasta that had fake meat and avocado in it. We got fries with cheese and tomatoes for our appetizer. The pasta came with a very bitter side salad. And drinks? We just stuck to water, there was no way we were paying for their ridiculously priced drinks. The whole time it seemed like the server/cashier guy was mad at us. He kind of sighed when we only ordered one dish and every time we looked at him he wasn't smiling, unless he was talking to a regular. The bitter salad came after 10 minutes. 20 minutes after that we still didn't have our food, not even the fries. We noticed a couple sitting in front of us that was already there when we got in; They looked like they were getting antsy and nothing was on their table yet. The girl went up to the cashier to ask her how much longer they're going to have to wait since it looked like they weren't doing anything in their kitchen, and he told her it won't be much longer. THEN you see them start making their sandwich and chickn nuggets. They got their tiny plate of chicken nuggets along with their sandwich and boy did they look mad! I would've been mad too if it took them almost an hour to bring out a sandwich and 5 nuggets. About 40 minutes into waiting we got our fries and pasta. Wow, those fries were disgusting! You can totally tell how dried out and gross they must've been by the pictures I provided. It was like they chopped some potatoes,sprinkled cheese on top and left them in the oven to burn. Then took them out and sprinkled a few pieces of tomato on it. If I had my eyes closed while eating this I probably would've thought it was cardboard that a homeless person wrote on. The pasta....was even worse. It tasted spoiled, like they went and left it in someone's car for a day, then took it back inside and put some fresh avocado on it. It was just sour and very bland. The fake meat on it tasted just like the pasta, it added no flavor. The only thing it added to the dish was the artificial appearance of it looking good. It really bugs me when "Vegan" places stick to serving bland food and charging more money for it just because it has the title of being Vegan. Considering I've gone to many other REAL vegan joints, I can safely say that this place deserves one star. Their fake meat has absolutely no flavor or any texture that makes it seem real at all. Just go to an asian restaurant and order lots of flavorful vegan selections for half the price.
4	Just ate here for lunch today. I went with the Taco Salad with chicken. It was pretty huuuuge. I only ate half and I am ready to ktfo! I have 2 hours more of work.. let's hope I get through it without comatosing. The taco shell is a chipotle shell.. wondering if it is homemade.. probably. My favorite part is the black beans & rice. I was thinking it'd be full of beans, but has a nice balance between the rice and beans. It also had grilled chicken and topped with iceberg lettuce, cheese and avocados. On the side were two containers of mild if anything, salsa. I do agree with Honey T. that $12.95 for a salad is just plain outrageous!! I really wish they had their dinner menu at this time because that has soft tacos, teriyaki, curry, etc. I did place a phone order, knowing it'd be busy. They told me it would be ready in about 25 mins. I thought that was a little long.. good thing I had called. It was pretty busy in this small little cafe. It is very modern looking. Most of the tables were full. They had my phone order all ready to go when I arrived there about 10 mins early.I had been here a couple years ago when they had first opened and I noticed their food really has improved since I last ate there. When I first went there, I got some sort of rice salad.. I didn't even see it on the menu. I can't really describe it being such a long time ago.. but I do remember it not being very good and me wishing I had ordered something else. My boyfriend got a panini and said it was okay. They have also expanded from the last time I've been there and have a little bakery section and more tables. Very cool.. I think it took over a part of 8ono8 musubis. (man i miss that place!) I have not tried any of their desserts except for their vegan cookies which are... ughhh.. like drugs!! They are soooo tasty and full of flavor and not to mention addicting. I can eat a whole pack by myself and they are less than 100 calories for 4. Not that I really count calories.. but just the fact that it is.. is pretty awesome in itself. I swear, better than non-vegan, hydrogenated oils, refined flour/sugar crap like chips ahoy. They melt in your mouth and are sweet but not too sweet. Will definitely be back again.. but probably will try their pastas and/or give their panini's a shot again.
4	First off, I need to start with this impressing feat: every single item on their menu can be made vegan. Let me repeat: even the MEAT items, can be made VEGAN. AND great tasting. Ba-boom. Although the items are a bit pricey, it's well worth it. Matt and I ordered the vegan chicken nugget appetizer (not really worth the $6, but it still tasted good, and they looked like homemade versions), I got the taco salad made vegan and a red velvet cupcake, and Matt ordered the buffalo chicken wrap vegan-style and a blueberry crumble cake. The cakes we ordered to-go, because once we saw the size of our meals we knew we would need to eat them at a later time. My taco salad was HUGE. I believe there was faux meats, but I know for sure there was a giant tortilla bowl, lettuce, dairy-free cheese, beans, and rice with a side of spicy salsa. Totally delicious! I don't think I even finished half of this monster since the damn thing was bigger than my head. Matt's buffalo chicken wrap, well I didn't get to look at it because it was devoured by the time my eyes adjusted to the size of my taco salad bowl. That tells you something right there. The desserts we ate at home, and were fabulous as always. 150 calories for a giant vegan red velvet cupcake that actually - *gasp!* - might be HEALTHY for you is awesome. I couldn't eat these things every day as much as I'd want to, but man are they delicious. Only knocking a star off due to pricing and the fact that service was a little slow, albeit nice. I have a nice lunch set up tomorrow with trying to finish that taco salad o' doom, we'll see how that goes. I will definitely be back to try some other items soon!
4	I discover this place unintentionally.. One of my favorite restaurant is located right next to it :p. One day, me and my two friends, we all went  to try the meals from their dinner menu. I had 'Italian Twist Wrappini (sliced turkey, pepperoni, roasted tomatoes, shredded lettuce, mozzarella and pesto mayo in a spinach tortilla-$9.95). The meal is available with a vegan options which is pretty good for someone who doesn't want meats on their plate... The dinner came with a small salad with vinaigrettes which wasn't too acidic at all. Overall, the taste was very light and pretty good. I really like the taste of spinach tortilla..I can see myself dine here again if I feel like eating something healthy and light in taste once in a while :p After two hours later having dinner at Red Velvet, both me and my friend were getting hungry again even though we finished the whole dinner -.-;;; I still want to try their bakery next time!
5	I love this place!  Life is short - we'll start with dessert first:  I have not had a bad dessert here!  The Red Velvet cake is awesome, but once you've tried that, you HAVE to branch out to some of the other varieties.  My favorite so far has been the chocolate banana, followed closely by the chocolate peanut butter.  Did I mention that these are vegan?  I truly don't know how!  The entrees have been really good as well.  The chicken curry was amazing, with just the right amount of spice.  The mac & cheese was very cheesy, but not really to my taste.  The quacamole appetizer is excellent, however, with some spicy jalapenos thrown into the mix. I've had the mojito tea a couple of times, and it's pricey, but really good!We'll be back - again and again and again!!!
3	To be fair, it has been about 6 mo. since my last visit here, so maybe something has changed. I will make sure to revisit and update my review accordingly. I love, love, love the premise! Vegas desperately needs more health-conscious, vegan-friendly restaurants--and Red Velvet fits the bill for those perfectly. I liked the decor, modern, glitzy, fun. Service lacked however. I tried to get in and out as quickly as possible (was on my lunch break), and it was tough to even find the waiter, not even talking about talk to him. He was nice enough, but very difficult to find. I liked the food--it was creative and simple at the same time. Although the food did not "wow" me, I appreciated its healthfulness. I liked the healthy, baked fries. I did not particularly liked the buffalo "chicken" wrap. I found it to be a bit  tasteless and not as described. The deserts did not strike me as very creative. I love the concept and the food was average. I will come back at least one more time to try a few other offerings. 3.5 from me here.
5	The name says it all, you can't go here and not try their red velvet cake: it's awesome, the best i've ever had, & it's vegan! I recommend the veg tuna wrap for an entree (it's fabulous) and their veg chicken for an appetizer. Their smoothies aren't my style & kind of pricey so i do recommend sticking to the bottled drinks; but overall this place is phenomenal! Pros: friendly staff, great food, great options, nice dining environment, very chique. Cons: pricey.
5	Got taken here by my terrific boyfriend Matthew C. for my 24th birthday last night and it was just lovely. He ordered a turkey-bacon-avocado panini club vegan-style, and I got the vegan macaroni and cheese because I was dying for some comfort food. Both came with a balsamic salad as a side. Both our portions were huge! I almost didn't finish the mac and cheese but it was so good I had to, it was a good-size hearty bowl. It didn't taste exactly cheesy, but it was nice and creamy, kind of like an alfredo sauce. It did have some melted cheese on top and tasted great with some added pepper. The salad came on the side of the bowl on a plate and it was also a generous portion with spring greens and just enough dressing.We ended up getting the same server as the last time we came in, but service was a bit better although she is a bit of a ninja, randomly popping up every now and again. Even though we were most definitely satiated, what's a birthday without some birthday cake? I eschewed my usual choice of a red velvet cupcake as the vanilla chocolate chip cake was calling my name, and Matt got the cinnamon swirl cake - both vegan. They were brought to us WARM which made all the difference. Note to self: even if the portions are huge, don't get dessert to-go or heat it up yourself at home, it is YUMMY. The cake was just sweet enough and warm enough, and HUGE. So freakin' delicious, their desserts really are can't-miss. I have a feeling that even though the service is a bit spotty at times we'll still be coming back over and over again since I'm now a vegan, and I'm going to try and branch out to try all of their vegan desserts because HOT DAMN that cake was so delectable, Matt's was too! (We each only got one bite of each others' cakes before we went to town!) As Matt would say: LOVE THAT GODDAMN RED VELVET CAFE.
3	It appeared very obvious that Red Velvet Cafe would win me over, upon the moment we arrived- due to their lovely decor, likely furnished by IKEA. The modern bar stools & high tops were aesthetically pleasing. Unfortunately, not very practical when dining in such a confined area. I couldn't really get comfortable while eating, which was a turn off, at first.To start out, we ordered "Chicken/ Vegan Nuggets". When I read this on the menu, I thought "Oh cool, you have an option to get either chicken or vegan style". Apparently, I was very wrong. Our vegan nuggets were average, definitely not chicken, but not horrific either. I really enjoyed the tangy red sauce that they were served beside. I'm still kicking myself for not asking what it was- I wanna go with...something vinegar based?!For our main course, my boyfriend & I shared the Buffalo Chicken Wrap. I wasn't really sold on this when we ordered it. Not because I'm shy about spicy things, but because its described as " Lettuce, Tomato, Buffalo Sauce, Ranch and Cheese" (I mean really, how exciting can you be, Buffalo Chicken Wrap?). Despite its very bland description, there are so many complements it deserves! First of all, you know when you're eating a wrap & its hard to take bites without pieces of lettuce, meat, or other veggies escaping because they are too long? How about chopped lettuce (no yucky iceberg pieces) mixed with cheese, lightly covered in ranch & cubed grilled chicken tossed in buffalo sauce- all cozy in a wheat wrap. Very easy to eat, without excess food particles falling out! I also loved the fact that it was served with baked chips. I give this wrap 4 stars!Lets get down to my favorite part of every meal...DESSERT! So, you can't go to the Red Velvet Cafe without ordering Red Velvet Cake. No regrets there, at all. Although I was very shocked when I found out that the entire piece of cake that I consumed was only 150 calories (not that I'm couting) AND completely vegan!!! It tasted like a heart attack, although its significantly less volatile than that Little Debbie Snack Trash your mom put in your lunch box. Without a doubt, the best red velvet that I've ever experienced. The frosting was heavenly, the cake was rich, & the strawberry on top- refreshing.Will I return to Red Velvet Cafe? YES, can't wait!
3	Everyone knows Red Velvet Cafe as a vegetarian and vegan hot spot. That reputation has made this carnivore less than excited to ever try it. I finally gave it a try and I'm glad I did. Walking in, I wasn't sure if you're supposed to order at the cash register or grab a seat and wait for the staff to come to you. Looking a little confused, the manager walked us over to an empty table and told us someone would be with us shortly. We waited and waited and 10-15 minutes later someone finally dropped off menus.I was pleasantly surprised to see chicken, ham, and even bacon in many dishes. According to the menu all of those dishes can be made vegetarian-friendly. We ordered a chicken panini with spinach and mushrooms and a caprese panini. The chicken panini was bland and I couldn't taste any of the pesto that was supposed to be in the sandwich. The other sandwich was decent. Both came with a side salad with a tasty vinaigrette dressing.While the sandwiches were solid, if unspectacular, the best reason to visit Red Velvet Cafe is to taste their red velvet cake. It's said that they're only 150 calories. That's hard to believe because the cake was so rich, dense and moist and the topping was delicate, light, and sweet. It wasn't the best red velvet cake I've ever had (that award goes to the one at Nothing Bundt Cake) but for being under 200 calories it's excellent.The service never really recovered from it's slow start. Our waiter was very personable, but he just wasn't around much. So, if you're looking for a quick meal you might want to look elsewhere. Otherwise, don't let their reputation scare you off. If you get shivers down your spine whenever someone mentions the word "vegetarian" don't worry... they have something for every taste. And, don't forget dessert.3.5 Stars
3	so i had the name sake red velvet 'mini cake', which is basically an over sized cupcake. a mini cake should have layers and be a mini cake, which this was not. the frosting was okay, it wasnt great but it wasnt terrible either (i am not a fan of the presentation as a whole but that a completely different subject for me then taste and textures). the actual flavor of the cake was pretty alright, but the texture was completely off. it was spongey and almost gritty. I wasnt impressed and wouldnt order it again, esspecially for the price. the actual food menu is okay (at best), being vegan i seem to be taken here by at least one person everytime i am in town so I have had a few different things off it. the taco salad is pretty alright, a decent portion for the price but not a complete knock out for me. a couple of the paninis where alright, but again not a knock out. the knock out is the super cute boy behind the counter. red velvet needs to keep him staffed because he is the highlight of this place. being super sweet, having a great smile and being knowledgeable about all the menu items.3 stars for (at the very least) trying and have awesome/cute/knowledable staff/
5	Just because your in Vegas does not mean you have to eat at a buffet! I love finding local fav's, and while this is off the beaten path for most tourists its totally worth it. I mostly eat vegan/ vegetarian food so thanks to the wonderful yelp i did a search and found the Red Velvet Cafe! Anything can be made vegan or vegetarian and for meat eaters you have plenty of options as well! Food= amazing... and sweets... well its in the title! WONDERFUL! Next time im in Vegas I will make a stop here once again thats for sure.
4	i love healthy vegan food and low calorie desserts. a friend recommended me to try this place out. i get my hair done at tonic 2 which is right next door so one afternoon after a highlight session i decided to give it a go.i ordered the buffalo veggie chicken wrap with a side of chips. (baked lays.) devoured it in less than ten minutes. something about their buffalo sauce had my mouth watering for more. so yummy! my dad enjoyed their strawberry banana shake. i had a sip and it tasted like a meal in itself so i suggest if you have a small stomach like me to just stick to water with your meal. i have also tried the california panini from there and it was pretty good, but still my favorite is the buffalo chicken wrap.now off the savory and onto the sweet dessert. they are known for their red velvet cake and now i know why. ADDICTING! and so low fat so ladies...don't be shy and eat away. at 150 calories and 4 grams of fat (this is what the waitress told us) how could you share? my dad bought me another one to take home! haha they have a few other vegan cakes that i cannot wait to try! if they are anything like the red velvet then i know what i want to have at my parties from now on as eats!the only reason i -1 a star was for service purposes. sometimes they aren't so attentive and you have to wave your waitress/waiter down to get a refill on water. i see that every time i go back though it does get better so at least they are working on that and with that and the food i cannot wait to go back!
5	Great food decent pricing... you have to kind of know it isnt going to taste like fast food but if you are in the mood for something alternative its cool!Over all these guys are great!!!
3	I went here several months ago and haven't been back yet, but I've thought of going back many times.I went with a friend for lunch and we both ordered something vegetarian -- I don't remember what.  What both of us remember about the meal is that we were not really impressed.  Whatever we had just wasn't memorable.The dessert was another story.  We got a slice of the namesake red velvet cake, and a slice of another kind of cake, which might have been a carrot cake.  We both remember the cake being moist and enjoyable, definitely the highlight of the meal.  We also remember the waitress being inattentive to us, (but flirting with another waiter), and the service was a little slow. If I go back to the Red Velvet Cafe sometime, it will most likely be just for the cake, although I might also be willing to give the lunch menu another try.
5	Hi everyone. Especially the lucky visitors of Las Vegas who are reading this yelp! I have to admit I'm not much for writing reviews, though I do read them and that is how my wife and I found Red Velvet Cafe. We have been vegan for about two years now, and everyone who is vegan knows that it is very difficult to find awesome food that we can eat. We came to Vegas for my wifes birthday(a tradition for us on our birthdays), and on this trip we found a top 5 vegan place for us to eat. YEA!  we look forward to coming back next trip and try something more. So if you are vegan and visiting Vegas take it from me, as i used to live here, there isn't much for vegan fare here. Thankfully the gang at Red Velvet is doing thier part to change that. Great job and keep up all you do! And yes the red velvet cake was simply amazing. Thank you for making my wife's birthday special. Just let me say that the people of Las vegas are very lucky to have a vegan frienly place of this quality! Greg & Lisa (phoenix) Yesterdays meal was so good we decided to return today. We shared the vegan taco salad. It was amazing. both of us commented on the rice in the tortilla. Very different, and tasty. Todays dessert was vegan carrot cake. OMG! Simply the best i have ever had vegan or not!  And believe me i know carrot cake, it is my second fave. (german chocolate w/coconut icing is #1 and always will be)Tomorrow is our last day :(, and we are contemplating our third trip. Everyone was so friendly we may make this happen. I saw a vanilla chocolate chip cake with my name on it! Anyway, we will always find a way to get here when we come to town. If you are vegan and you can visit Red Velvet please make the time, you will not be dissappointed. Until May?
4	this place is such a treat!  my world of eateries in LV has always been so small. nearly every trip has always meant trips to various buffets on the strip or to chinatown.  what a breath of fresh air to find this lovely jewel on sahara blvd!  this restaurant offers healthy, tasty menu options for all types of eaters.  in addition to menu items made with meat, vegetarian and vegan menu items are generous, especially when every meat dish can be made vegetarian or vegan!restaurant is super clean, comfortable, and staff are super friendly. service is prompt too!my friends and i split the following (all were made vegetarian upon request):turkey club w/ side saladveggie grill panini w/ side saladsausage pizza w/ side saladbaked french friesthe side salad is made with fresh firm field greens and tossed with a tangy dressing-delicious!the sandwiches are made with wheat bread and fat-free mayo.  numerous meat substitutes are available for turkey, chicken, ham, bacon, turkey, shrimp, tuna, salmon, and ground beef.  we ordered sandwiches because we needed to eat quickly, but they have plenty of other dishes, such as curry, pastas, quesadillas, teriyaki rice, and pizzetas.
5	My boyfriend took me here for my birthday and it has since been my restauant of choice!Its kind of a weird strip mall location but there's always parking available and its in a safe part of Vegas. I have never had to wait for seating and everyones always been extremely friendly. The seating is semi comfortable but its just casual dining so I didn't expect much.The service is fast. They have a good selection of different foods and you can have them vegan, vegetarian, or with meat. Which is good if your going with someone who won't even try vegetarian food.It is a tad pricy but its amazing, good quality food and as always its nice to support a local place!
4	My husband and I split the vegan chipotle Caesar salad and both agreed it was outstanding. I had a vegan chicken provolone panini. It was nothing special. However, the vegan red velvet cupcake was fantabulous. A must have. The cupcake alone would easily earn five stars from this vegan. The cool thing about this cafe is that everything on the menu can be modified to be vegan or vegetarian. Makes it easy for vegans and vegetarians to dine with omnivores.
4	Stopped by for lunch with a fellow Yelper the other day.  Heard this was an organic healthy, Vegan & Vegetarian hangout.....that also served the Carnivores, so I was eager to give it a try and see what it feels like to be a Vegan in a Steakhouse (since I'm a Carnivore).  This was one of the most difficult reviews for me to write.  This place has so much potential.....I wish there was a 1/2 Star system because I want to give it 3.5 Stars and was on the fence for 3 or 4 Stars, here's why:The menu is pretty extensive and has a lot of items that pique'd my interest, such as: Grilled Chicken Soft Tacos ($12.95), Buffalo Chicken Wrap ($7.99), Pepperoni Pizzetta ($8.95)....wait, what's a Pizzetta?  Turns out it's a Pizza.....come on, enough with the goofy names already, just call it a Pizza and call it a day!  A lot of stuff looked good and I was surprised at the number of items available for Carnivores....I ended up ordering their Fire Fries (Baked Fries topped with Hot Sauce, Pico de Gallo, Mozzarella & Cheddar Cheese $7) and a Chicken Panini (w/Buffalo Mozzarella, Tomato, Basil with Pesto $7.95).  The server asked if I wanted the Vegan Cheese on the Fire Fries....I passed and wanted the full monty.To wash it down, I had some Iced Tea ($2.50)....which was awesome BTW.The service was a bit slow.  It took some time for the waiter to take our order and the table next to us had to stop a busperson to get their order taken too.  It was 11:30 am and the lunch rush hadn't started yet, so I don't know what the issue was.  Anyway, it wasn't too bad but was borderline annoying.....another few minutes and it would have cost them a Star.Our food came out after a short wait and I was surprised to see how HUGE the Fire Fries were!  I thought this was suppose to be a "healthy" restaurant?!  LOL  For a minute I thought I was in Claim Jumper!  The Fries look too good, so I attacked them first.  The top layer of Fire Fries were awesome....baked well and had good flavor.  However.....the middle and bottom portion of the Fries were undercooked and semi-raw, not good.  Also, the cook didn't spread the ingredients throughout the dish.....the Hot Sauce and Pico de Gallo was only in one corner of the dish, buried under the top layer of Cheese.  The other 3/4 of the dish was only melted Cheese and the Fries.  This was a damn shame because the portion with all of the ingredients was awesome!  The rest of it was just so/so.  He/she needs a lesson in making a consistent dish.The Chicken Panini was next.....after I took one bite I realized I made a big mistake.  The combination of Fire Fries and the Chicken Panini wasn't good.  The sharp, spicy flavor of the Fire Fries overwhelmed my taste buds so when I ate my Chicken Panini it tasted bland.  This is not the restaurant's fault, but mine.  So my review of the Panini is incomplete.  The side Salad with Balsamic Vinaigrette was awesome though.  Another note....the Panini came with Whole Grain Bread as a default....I wasn't given an option for any other type of Bread, but saw other people with Panini's with what appeared to be White Bread....wish I had the choice.Overall, this place has a lot of potential.  That's what made it so difficult for me to rate it....the 1/4 of the Fries that had all of the ingredients and were cooked thoroughly tasted awesome but the raw Potatoes in the middle was a turn off.  For now they get 4 Stars for their Vegan/Vegetarian menu options and the potential of their Fire Fries.Will I return?  I will someday to try a couple more items that intrigued me.
5	My favorite place in this city! So many options and so delicious! You can go with a huge group and everyone can be happy. I have tried almost all of the desserts :) and they are all fantastic! AND under 200 calories!!!! The staff is always nice and helpful... can't go wrong with this place!
3	Day 5 of our month as vegetarians so we finally decided to check this place out.  Prices are pretty reasonable.  We also opted for no appetizer to save room for dessert.My wife got the veggie chicken/mozzarella panini with a side of salad.  I got the buffalo veggie chicken wrap with salad also.  The protein they used for the chicken was ok but I've had better fake chicken.  My wrap had a nice spice kick to it but we both preferred the panini.  The red velvet cake was pretty interesting.  This was the first time either of us had ever eaten warm red velvet.  The frosting was a bit strange at first but we were definitely liking and ready to get a couple of them to go by the end.  The rest of the desserts looked pretty good so I will come back to at least try those.  I'm on the fence about the entrees.  Kinda counting the days til the end of the month already.
4	Today's lunch choice was Red Velvet Cafe... I will say that I was pleasantly pleased.. I looked over the menu a few days ago and selected a few options to put on our lunch schedule and today my order happened to be the Grilled chicken artichoke heart and spinach melt minus the cheese.. I know this sounds very dry and uninviting but it was far from that. All of the Ingredients were very fresh and flowed well together, the spinach was fresh as well as the artichoke hearts. and they did not skimp on any of the ingredients used. One of the only things that I think could be improved on is the side options for the sandwiches. My order came with a hand full of Baked lays, I would like the option for a fresh garden salad with a vinaigrette or something. The others in my group ordered other items like the Chicken Caesar wrap on a spinach tortilla and the Buffalo Chicken Wrap on a Spinach Tortilla. They all enjoyed it except for the lady that ordered the Caesar wrap... She is used to bottled Caesar. I wish everyone could have seen her face when she took a bite of the wrap due to the strong taste of the fresh Caesar Dressing. Overall I am very pleased with the product and we will be back to try some of the other healthy lunch options they offer.
5	Although small and understated, this little cafe has a large cult following, including me!  All dishes come with vegetarian options, and many with vegan options as well.  And don't let this make you think that they substitute flavors for the veggies.  With every vegetarian dish there is as much flavor as the real thing!And the dessert!  150 calories for an individual red velvet cake?  This is not real, right?  Well, if it is, there must be a lack of flavor...right?  WRONG!  The dessert is the most delicious thing that you have ever tasted, and no one would ever believe that it is only 150 calories for the entire thing AND delicious.  I love this place and would live here if I could.  Mmmm.
5	Took my parents to Red Velvet tonight - was sooo delicious!  Fresh, organic and reasonably priced.  I had a chicken and veggie stir fry - my bro the halibut with pesto - my husband shrimp tacos.  We all loved our meal and felt good as we were leaving!  Great service and owner brought us a piece of red velvet on the house!  Truly a great locals spot.  Second location opening in Fashion Show we were told....mmmmm.
5	I came here twice yesterday.  Once to meet my friend for lunch and later between classes to play chess.  Mac and cheese was creamy and good.  The customers are also really friendly, a group
4	This may be my favorite place in Las Vegas to eat aside from the fact they don't serve alcohol. It is a vegan based restaurant but offers meat for those who aren't vegan. Everything is organic, low-fat, and tastes great. Food options include salads, mini pizzas, paninis, rice bowls, and meals. However, the best thing about this place is the desserts. Their selections of cupcakes, including red velvet, and cookies are low calorie but you won't think it when you're eating it. Service can be a little slow sometimes when the place is packed so just remember to be patient.
5	Holy Shitakee, this place has the most amazing vegan tuna melt I've ever had (vegan or non-vegan). It comes with crumpled up fresh bread, delicious cheese and best tuna salad I've had anywhere.The vegan pizza was great too and came with a generous amount of cheese on top, but nothing beats the tuna melt.The staff are really friendly and look super happy to work there. Great restaurant!The only drawback to this otherwise awesome place, is all the meat dishes on the menu. I heard the place was originally intending to be more vegan, but I suppose restaurants needs to make money by catering to larger audiences. :(-YanaFor more vegan reviews, pictures and recipes, visit http://www.littlemissvegan.com
4	While researching vegan restaurants in Vegas, my husband and I found this place, thanks to quarrygirl.com.  We drove off the strip to check it out.  We weren't disappointed.  We had a salad and tomato, mozzarella, and basil pizza.  The mozzarella was no-this-can't-really-be-vegan cheese and was out of this world.  I had to ask what kind it was, and learned its a soy cheese made specially for them (darn - no buying some at the market :))We also split a red velvet cupcake and there are hardly words to describe it.  Vegan baked goods can be on the dryer / harder side (or maybe that's just my vegan baking) but this red velvet cupcake had to have been the most moist, fluffy cupcake I've ever had. Not only am I glad we tried this place out, I'm glad that places like this exist.  Vegan diets can and should be promoted and in our culture, where eating out and socializing while eating are important to us, I'm glad options like the Red Velvet Cafe exist.  By seeing them and promoting them, it helps inspires other restaurants to offer more vegan friendly options and help people think about accessing vegan options -- either exclusively or occasionally.
4	Okay guys 20 mins for a spice ice tea and coffee when we tell you that we are in a hurry.  Tell us you cant do it.  Much better than leaving us hanging until we walk out.  So quick tip yelpers you must have time to visit Red Velvet, between a regular following and a mellow staff time can tick by.
2	My boyfriend took me here on Valentines Day. We aren't too familiar with vegetarian places in Vegas, so thanks to Yelp he found this place.When we walked in, it looked like there was a speed dating service going on. The tables were set up weird and there were two separate rooms. No one acknowledged that we had walked in and there was no sign to inform us whether we should wait to be seated or seat ourselves. Finally we walked to the kitchen/register area and someone asked if we were picking up or dining in. We told him we were dining in and someone else told us to take a seat in the next room if we didn't have reservations. We waited probably 15 minutes and were seated. The waiter tried wayyyyyy too hard to impress us with everything he said and every question that he answered. We ordered the firecracker baked fries to start. They were terrible, too much cheese and soggy/drenched in tabasco (or some sort of thin liquidy hot sauce). I got a zucchini and veg chick'n dish that was entirely too bland. I asked our waiter if I could get some soy sauce and he never came back. My boyfriend got the ham and cheese panini, neither of us liked it either. When we were getting ready to leave we asked a woman standing behind the dessert display case if we could get the last apple pie (they were mini) to go. She then informed our waiter that we wanted an apple pie and we saw him carry it away, knowing that he was going to heat it up and put it on a plate. Surely, he did just that. So we had to tell him that it was TO GO, so he transferred it into a plastic container (PAY ATTENTION) and we left. No one checked up on us, the waiter was annoying, none of the employees communicated to each other while we were there, the food was gross, the atmosphere was off and it was too expensive. I just know that I will never go back nor will I recommend this place.
4	I stopped in yesterday looking to buy something sweet to take home.  I found it - their carrot cake cookie.  Wow, what a great dessert.  I need to learn to cut things in half and set aside some to enjoy later.As it turned out, this was a non-vegan cookie, and that's fine with me.  The stop gave me a chance to scope out the place and know that I want to come back and try some more things.
1	This really was supposed to be a review of epic proportions with a positive light but a recent visit/incident to the Red Velvet put their good food as something to the past for me. I was visiting Vegas just last week and on our second to last day there we had google searched vegan friendly restaurants in the area and came up with the Red Velvet. We went based on the good reviews of the food to try out our luck and were pleasantly surprised. The food was in fact absolutely amazing. I have never had a vegan dish that was that health consciously filling. The desserts were something to die for and I couldn't believe that the cakes were all under 200 calories AND vegan. NOW, HERE'S THE PROBLEM.... I would've loved to been able to write that and end it on a happy note however an issue occurred that was VERY off-putting for me as a customer. The very next day we found and ate at the Red Velvet we went back to grab food to go for our trip back home, I had also bought almost $100 worth of cakes to take back to my friends and family to try (some vegans some not), you know, to wow them with the news of the good food. I am not the kind of person to excessively worry about how well people are doing their jobs because with how many encounters we have with other businesses as consumers today, that's just too much worry. With that being said, I guess my fault was in the fact that I didn't check our bags to make sure everything was in there. I had only realized that when we got home 2 days later. When I called the restaurant and spoke with the manager he told me he'd look into it and get back to me. Now normally, I would take that as "you're bugging me, I don't have time for this sh*t, so I'll pretend I care to get you off the phone." But because I had such an initial pleasant experience there, I assumed for the best. Not getting a phone call back, I called back the next day and spoke with the manager again who told me their "records and inventory" match and they didn't have any extra food left. I told him I understood but I had basically paid $13 (6.50 each cake) for something I didn't even receive, and continued to ask him how he planned on rectifying this. Longer story short, this manager who originally came off as if he gave a crap basically told me I'm not gonna do the right thing which would have been to just refund me my money and move on. Instead he kept stuttering and ended up hanging up on me.Now I'm not sure what day and age this man got his so-called "business experience" through or at, but a word to the wise when you go here for anything. Check your food be it to-go or ordering in and make sure you're gonna eat the food you order because chances are if this  guy did this to me for a simple to-go order he'll be a tight ass even if you found a dead rat under your panini, or simply didn't like the food. Most restaurants are smart enough to hold onto customers, NOT PUSH THEM AWAY! Especially the enthusiastic ones who like me live in another state and are your marketing tools! Word of mouth is a very powerful thing now a days, but that doesn't just go for the positive things people have to say about businesses like this, it goes for the NEGATIVE AS WELL!!!
2	Came for lunch with Elnino F. and Angela H. I'm down for healthy eating so I've been curious to give this spot a try. I ordered the Chicken Hummus Wrappini ($9.99) with the vegan "chicken" (I was curious!) and regular mozzarella cheese. It also had lettuce and tomato in a chipotle tortilla. The "chicken" and hummus part was decent, however there was a huge amount of lettuce in there in comparison to chicken, hummus or cheese and for $10, I was hoping I could get at least a even spread of topping and not get a bunch of cheap filler iceburg lettuce. At least pour on the hummus for some nice flavor in it but it was sparse and not evenly spread. After I ate the spot with the hummus it was bland and dry....It was frustrating to get a bite of promise of something good and then bite into bleak nothingness. It comes with a side and I chose salad. What I found odd was that my lettuce didn't look dressed so I moved it around and saw a few leaves were, but not enough to say it was "dressed". It's like they dressed one salad for someone, had a few left and poured it onto my plate and then forgot to dress up another batch and just threw it on my plate. I got vinaigrette after asking but sparse dressing, sparse hummus- is this supposed to make it uber healthy to not add so much sauce or are they just sauce nazis? Give me flavor! No flavor is unhealthy to my state of being! I traded a half wrap with Elnino and since his buffalo wrap came with a side sauce, it was better since I can pour on some flavor. I heard though desserts were shining. I know Red Velvet is the namesake, but since Elnino got that, I decided to get a comfort favorite of mine- chocolate chip banana bread pudding ($6.50). I was really curious how this was gonna be moist and tasty without the milk aspect of most puddings. At first it kinda tasted like it had some rum in it which was odd, but it was doable. Then I got to a banana chunk and stopped eating- the rummy flavor was made because the banana had gone bad and fermented my cake. Elninos warm red velvet was surprisingly good and the service was fairly nice and kept with the ice tea, but I left disappointed. I had a bit of a hope a good spot for veggies exist and after thinking about it this weekend and thinking of all the glowing things people have said to me, I'm rather upset to have paid $24 for that. That can get 2 delicious vegan entrees at my favorite Thai spot around town. I'm far from being a vegetarian but I know good flavorful food and this didn't make me want more. I'm from LA and I loved the vegetarian fare at a lot of the vegan spots about town. I loved it that I was a regular at Real Food Daily because it was creative and tasty. I was hoping and wishing that RVC  be my no brainer healthy meal spot but not even sure I want to go back- ever.I can't give it more than a 2 when taste and value isn't present and makes me wonder how long they let pastries sit around if bananas were allowed to go rank. Maybe if you're vegan and don't have much food choices then this place would be okay to go to but I think you're better off going to a vegan friendly Asian place or getting sandwiches from Whole Foods.
5	When I lived in Summerlin I use to go here after hiking at Red Rock on the weekends. Red Velvet Cafe was always a great ending to a great day. The vegan taco salad is surprisingly good. Thinking about it you won't think so, but you just will have to try it to believe me. :) You can't beat their Red Velvet cupcake either.  I love it when they're hot. The carrot cake/cookie sandwich is great too.Finally a place that named themselves after something they serve and that dish is ACTUALLY worth naming the restaurant after. That sadly doesn't happened often.Try Red Velvet Cake! You feel like your cheating but you're not, and that feeling can sometimes be priceless!
5	BomB!If you are visiting Vegas and want to eat healthy food. Go to Red Velvet Cafe. I dread the food situation whenever planning a trip to Las Vegas. I usually settle on a shitty salad at some buffet or a Subway sandwich about twice a day.If you are not vegan or vegetarian, don't worry- they've got you covered.  I had the vegan "chicken" wrap. Delicious! Two of my friends had actual chicken sandwiches and were very satisfied. At the end we were talked into sharing the signature Red Velvet Cupcake. Holy Crap.  Generally, I feel most vegan baking when executed properly is far and above conventional baked goods. However this cupcake is in a class of its own.Sorry to the guy who posted about "selling out". I however, am pretty stoked to be able to get one of these treats in my neighborhood someday.  Success is a bitch.  Sorry that everyone knows about Radiohead now too. :-(Go! You'll be glad you did!
4	I have recently been trying to shift into vegetarian and vegan eating lifestyle. This place is so good. I've been there a few times and the food is always delicious and fresh. Trying their vegan red velvet cake is a MUST! I also recommend their soy mexican hot chocolate.
5	Are you F-ing kidding....................... No place in Vegas like it. Heaven for my taste buds and amazing non-vegetarian, vegetarian, and vegan menu. The apple of my eye is a Vegetarian and now can order the same meal as me only Vegan instead. I like to cross the lawn every now and then and eat vegetarian as well. The Food is truly amazing, Keep a eye out for Monthly specials as well.
1	My Wife and I decided to go here for something new and different and with my girl being a vegetarian I thought I couldn't loose with this spot and the rave reviews, Wrong!! I had the chicken burger a very poor execution i might say probably the cheapest chicken you could have pulled out of a frozen bag on a mediocre bun with lettuce and tomato very plain and tasteless. Along with over baked fries. The wife had the spicy peanut tofu dish and another big fail, what i didn't get was that it wasn't spicy or peanuty it was very bland almost tasteless. The service was ok they were nice, we got ice water the first round and warm water for a refill. At this point we still wanted to have dessert to hope for at least one good thing from this experience but couldn't stand to stick around so we got a red velvet cake to go, That was Good! But not worth going back for. This place seems to be hyped for way more than what its worth.
5	I LOVE this restaurant.  They give you an abundance of food, so anticipate taking a doggie bag home.  I had the guacamole and baked pita chips, and grilled veggie chicken sandwich with baked fries.  I am very impressed with this place. The staff was friendly and attentive.  I plan to go back and try something new next time.
1	Note that I'm not a full vegetarian/vegan, so this place might be better for those who live that lifestyle.I ordered the chicken and veggies, and apparently I forgot to order some taste with that meal.  Bland, bland, bland.  And if you're going to put more celery in the dish than any other ingredient... you should say so on the menu please.$10 for grilled chewy chicken (the real stuff) and mushy tasteless veggies.  It's a pretty straightforward 1-star joint.
5	This is my favorite vegan place in town. I can't wait till they open at the Fashion show mall.  LOVE carrot cake cookie sandwichAnd YES you can get regular meat also.
4	Very good vegan options; there's quality and taste. As good as it gets! :)Their tiramisu is amazing, by the way!!
5	My 5-star decision was solely made due to the decadence of the RED VELVET CUPCAKE!!! This is as good as it gets!! I have officially bumped all the cupcake spots down one on my list, haha!WHEN: I have no clue when they open, but I will be sure to ask and update the next time I am there.  The last time I went was on a weekend, and they close doors at 9pm, but they close the kitchen at 8pm, so get there sooner before they close on you!! After 8pm, you can try the desserts that they do have left.WHERE: Located on West Sahara & Buffalo!WHAT: As their menu states, "deliciously healthy"!!! I would come here every single day if it was a little bit closer to me, wahh!! I've noticed that people are discouraged to test this place out as soon as they hear the word VEGAN.  Honestly, I was a bit uneasy myself when I heard they served vegan food, but since I love trying new things, I walked in with an open-heart, open-mind, and an OPEN-TUMMY!FOOD:-mac&cheese: I had to have a spoonful of my mac!! You can never go wrong with mac&cheese, but it was just an okay dish here.  I don't think I'll be ordering it anytime soon.-fire fries: Everyone has their own crazy french fry dish!! This was actually pretty unique!! The fries are baked in pico de gallo and cheese... and when they brought it out and I took my first bite, it was for sure FIRE!-grilled chicken avocado panini: When I took my first bite, I experienced the deliciously healthy part!! It was something different, but it was Yummyyyy!!DESSERT: The only dessert worth tasting and the only one that I have ever tasted was the Vegan Red Velvet Cupcake!! It is gluten-free, no butter, no dairy, no egg (NO ANIMAL PRODUCT AT ALL) & is mouth-watering! I did not know how scrumptious one cupcake could be... UNTIL THIS ONE CAME INTO MY LIFE! The only this I have left to say is.. TRY THE RED VELVET CAKE!! While you're at it, order one for me and send it over! =D
3	My family went there for the first time yesterday. We had high hopes because it matched a lot of criteria for us: vegan food, "regular" food and kid-friendly. I also have severe food allergies, so that was a factor, too.Overall, the place is fine. It is small and a bit cramped in terms of seating. It is a little disorganized when they have over-flow and you are not sure where to check in to get a table or wait for a table. But the place is clean and modern. And the staff is friendly.The service was inconsistent. At first our waiter was very attentive and did take time to go over the menu and food options as we had a mixed table of vegan, vegetarian and meat-eaters. They also put on their menu to tell them if you have any food allergies and if you are vegan/veggie. So I did that and the waiter was very good at handling that and answering questions I had. But when we were ready for desert and the bill, it was hard to get anybody's attention. So, the service waned over time.The food was good. Everyone seemed to like what they had, so that is good. The high marks were for the deserts, of which they had a lot of vegan options. Always nice to see, especially in Las Vegas.The downside is that it is only sort of kid-friendly. We have a toddler and there were no high chairs that we could find. No changing tables in the bathrooms. And with the tables so cramped together, it made holding and handling our toddler pretty difficult. Bringing in our stroller to sit our child in was not really an option, either because of how close the tables are. However, we did see several people with smaller babies in carriers and that seemed to work great for them. So, if your baby is still a baby or if your child is a little older and can sit still, then it would be fine.
2	I came on vacation to Vegas and I research the crap out it everytime I come here.  Recently I discovered Yelp.com so I looked up I swear hundreds of restaurants in different price points.  I brought my male friend who lives in Vegas with me and had never been.  He is a guy, he likes food, he eats a lot and stays skinny...and I hate him for that.  Anyway, I thought I was going to be able to show him this really awesome place with great food because of all the great reviews.  Let me ask you...do you people have dead tastebuds???We shared the Fire Fries...those I will give some props to...they were good and left my lips on fire!  But they seem like something you can easily make at home.We both got smoothies.  I got the Creamy Strawberry one and my friend got the Strawberry Banana one.  They are non fat.  My male man did ask if they had a fat option, they don't.  They were pretty tasteless.  They tasted fresh I will give them that, but there wasn't enough fruit to really give it a kick that it needed.  My smoothie was made with non fat sweet cream and it just tasted like milk with one strawberry grinded in there for color.Next we both got macaroni and cheese.  It was so bland.  I decided not to eat it because it wasn't worth the calorie in take.  We tried to put some pepper in it, we tried some salt.  Nothing could save it.  We both agreed on this, so it's not like one of us thought it was wonderful and the other was having a grumpy tummy day.  The table next to us didn't care so much for their food either.On and upside, our server was pretty good...and he refused to sell some lady who came in all of the remaining bags of chocolate chip cookies.  So thank you nameless server guy for that.Let's talk turkey...I mean dessert (this place is Vegan/Vegetarian for the most part, so there isn't a whole lot of turkey...but they do have it and I wish I had gotten the grilled chicken and turkey panini.) Anyway, the chocolate chip cookies are Vegan.  VEGAN!!!  And delicious.  I mean they were probably the best cc cookies I have ever had.  Pretty much everyone has to leave with a bag of them and now I know why. I also had the famous red velvet cupcake.  The reviews on this are spot on...OMG, party in my mouth.  What can I say that hasn't been said about it already?  My male escort got the cinnamon cake.  Also delicious.  Honestly the atmosphere is the best part.  People who give this place an extra star for the great RV cupcake are really doing other diners a disservice.  I didn't care for the food here and neither did my male companion, however he is going to go back for some dessert.
1	This review isn't an elegant articulation, it's just the hard truth.  My Lady ordered a full size Red Velvet cake for my birthday party.  She is a vegetarian and I am not. Everyone at the party absolutely did not enjoy the cake!!  Even my Lady!  $45 for a cake, when we could have drank a bottle of vegetable oil and had the same experience.  The frosting is essentially coagulated vegetable oil, and the cake is bland.  A lot of the guests didn't like any of it.  I personally didn't mind the cake, but hated the frosting.  Don't buy the cake! It's so oily!I'm not even sure how these other people might have enjoyed it.  I can only fathom what they eat normally, should they think this cake taste good.  Perhaps those payments for positive reviews help.
5	This is one of my favorite places to take my out of town visitors to eat, aside from it just being one of my favorite places in general. Red Velvet Cafe is very accommodating for whichever dietary lifestyle yours may be. The friendly faces of the people who work there and the decor(not to mention the incredible food), really create the perfect atmosphere for dining out. Love it!
1	So I walked in here looking for a place to do some work on my laptop and have some coffee. 'Lo and behold this place is setup more for a lunch type crowd, but I sit down and order an espresso. There is no publicly available wifi here, and the espresso was HORRIBLE. I'm fairly sure they use that pop-a-canister into a machine type espresso instead of real coffee beans. I receive the check and it's around $5.00 for one double espresso. I don't think I've ever paid that much in the states, but I digress.I tried to pay my bill with card since I only had a little cash on me and I wanted to tip my initial waiter since he was pretty attentive/nice. The (I think) manager came by, told me in a very condescending tone that I had to spend at least $10.00 to use card and left. I threw down a $5.00 and left this place. If you're looking for a great cafe with good coffee, food, and people check out Baguette Cafe instead.
3	When I came here the first time, I didn't realize it was a vegan restaurant. I had to wait a stupidly long time here, cuz the waitress was favoring seating her regulars over our group. I ordered a chicken wrap and I assumed it was chicken and didn't notice otherwise, so YAY! I heard the bakery was amazing so I got an order of the super famous chocolate chip cookies (also vegan!) and they were yummy!!! BUT I made the mistake of not finishing them, so I wrapped them and kept them in my bag. Then I returned to the cookies only to find that they had leached oil EVERYWHERE. This cookies were like 90% oil. Being vegan is great, but these cookies didn't seem like a healthy alternative, so I can't say that I'll go back, and I haven't' gone back since.
5	I thought it was great.  My first time here it was extremely busy that day (there was quite a wait - about 40 minutes for me, but I really didn't mind at all..just keep in mind that if you come during peak hours you might want to call ahead!)  IT's very modern with lots of seating and plenty of people.  Their salad is also simple - but very tasty.  I loved the experience.
5	WOW!  TONS of Vegan options!  I had the vegan version of the Buffalo Chicken Wrap and it was AMAZING!  Super high quality :-D  My only complaint is that I ordered the wrap with chips and it was served with a pile of baked Lays chips (i was expecting something organic and natural, either homemade chips or a little bag of "brand i've never heard of" organic chips.  I'll opt for the salad next time.What put the meal in the 5 star range for me is the desert selection!  They have more vegan options than non-vegan options.  I tried the Vanilla Chocolate Chip Cake.  It was big and SOOOOO good!  I will be back every time I'm in Vegas.  It's shaping up to be my favorite restaurant period!
3	I really like their huge red velvet cake! I am not sure if it is vegan or not - and I do not partake on such dietary restrictions - but it is delicious. I love how they top it with a fresh strawberry, giving it just the right amount of tanginess to the almost too buttery taste of the cream cheese frosting. I also have tried a chocolate raspberry cake, and I would suggest you pass on that. It tasted somewhat bland, which makes me think it iwas probably vegan. But, you must try the red velvet cake!
1	This place is over rated. Having Tyson's chicken nuggets on the menu is not healthy. The turkey club and salad tasted like shit. I'm never going back there ever again.
4	Red Velvet Cafe...my heart is melting just typing. This little hidden gem of a cafe is by far one of my favorite places to go for vegetarian and vegan alternatives.It is nice to have a place with  healthy alternative. Here is what I ordered Trust me...you'll love them as much as I love you. Which is a lot.Taco Salad:  Chipotle Shell Filled With Rice, beans, Grilled Chicken or Vegan Meat, Topped With Shredded Lettuce, Cheese, Avocado, Salsa, and love.          Ay yi yi! This is possibly my favorite salad ever! Although very simple it is quite the proportion. I actually first tried it with grilled chicken. Although that was divine and the chicken was so fresh and perfectly cooked, I decided to be adventurous and try Vegan Meat. That contradiction alone made me a skeptic. What the heck is vegan meat?!? I'll tell you what it is. It's DELISH. I highly suggest the vegan meat for you carnivore dare devils.Orange & Blueberry Lemonade:  Don't ask questions. Just drink it.Now I may have gone a little overboard on the desserts. They were all vegan, but I couldn't say no. So I ordered four different mini cakes. Don't judge me. They were mini which means I can have that many. ( oh and I bought some vegan chocolate-chip cookies for the road.)  ANYWHOTiramisu cake, Raspberry/Blueberry cake, Banana Split Cake, and Vanilla Chocolate Chip cake.  The only one I did not enjoy was the Tiramisu. It was really strong. Like drinking your coffee black and this girl likes 3 Splendas and cream if you know what I mean.Alll in all my experience was phenomenal. From the food to the over and beyond hospitality from the Red Velvet Team.  Now go enjoy these delectable options. I double dog dare you. But if you do, please invite me. It is the right thing to do.
5	Extremely good service! Food was real excellent!! Portions above par had enough to take home and eat later.
4	I'm not a vegan or anything, but my good friend and I decided to check out Red Velvet Cafe because she has cannot consume animal products for two weeks (doctor's orders- don't screw up your digestive systems, boys and girls).The location is odd. Sort of out-of-the-way for a Henderson resident, like myself.  I ordered some sort of stir-fry with chicken, crimini mushrooms, zucchini, and garlic over brown rice.  It wasn't too flavorful, but the simplicity was nice, and I really enjoyed it.  Not something I'll be craving, but it was a good early dinner.She got some sort of vegan-chicken-mock-burger or something.She said it had a meat-like texture, but was lacking a bit in the flavor.  I don't know, I don't eat this shit.The vegan Red Velvet Cupcake stole the show- OMG.  I don't know how one could ever make such a buttery, rich frosting vegan.  I was in awe- it was so rich and delicious.  I will definitely be returning for one of these.
1	Seriously, I am beyond shocked that this place gets the critical acclaim that it gets. My thoughts are it is because, to its credit, there is no competition in the city for this style of "healthy" dining.  Part of the issue, I would guess is that people automatically assume that Vegan is "healthy" when in reality, Vegan is only healthier than other food if it's prepared healthier than other food. Being a transplant and a foodie, with serious withdrawals for excellent, organic, sustainable dining found in other cities, I have returned to the Red Velvet Cafe numerous times hoping that it will be all that its followers build it up to be. I ordered a vegetable stir-fry with chicken, assuming it would be healthy chicken (I never eat meat out because I want to know where it came from etc...) Anyway, I trusted that this was a healthy, organic restaurant and when the order came the meat was prefab, injected, marinated, chicken with the fake little grill marks on it. The kind you buy in bulk from Smart and Final or Costco that is injected with fillers, sodium, and mystery flavoring. I was really shocked. Baked lays potato chips accompanied a friend's meal. I'm all for simple cooking but I feel that if you're going to tout yourself as healthy and organic then there is a standard to maintain or at the very least identify on the menu for people what is and isn't organic so they can make educated choices. I couldn't help feeling really duped by the whole experience. That being said, the people who work there are for the most part really great. The guy who waited on our table was so sweet and funny. He made the whole experience really enjoyable, despite the crappy food. The desserts, if you are into Vegan desserts, are amazing. Again, Vegan isn't necessarily healthier than other options so chocolate cake is chocolate cake, but they definitely did an amazing chocolate cake. Can't see myself returning to this restaurant any time soon and I would never recommend it to anyone, which I feel bad about because I know how hard it is to run a restaurant. The issue isn't even that the food wasn't that great, it's more that I feel like the presentation is dishonest...and that really bugs me! It's hard enough for people to try to eat right without being misled.
5	I was a vegetarian for thirteen years of my life and I think I would have died if this was in my hometown.  The ultra-fresh options-a-plenty menu is a huge draw for many people, along with the ridiculously rich and delicious signature red velvet cake they feature, (along with other scrumptious similar mini cakes), but for me it's the service and attention to details that pushed them up to five stars.  RVC is located very West on Sahara - A little out of the way, but it's worth the drive for me.  The staff has been there for some time, meaning that not only are they loyal but happy there, well treated by the owner, and obviously enjoy the food as well.  :)On first visit about two years ago, I had a Chicken and Spinach Wrap which had a generous amount of artichoke hearts, hot cuts of chicken with just the right amount of mozzarella and pesto, (which can be overwhelming.)The Chicken, Avocado, and Oil pasta dish I had was out of this world.  It was highly recommended to me by a server and I'm so glad I did because I had to force myself to eat it as slowly as I could.The owner really put a lot of thought and work into every ingredient that goes into each recipe, the Zen red decor that seamlessly works in the cafe and dining theme (and even into the bathrooms!), and the people who work for her.The detail that pushed my rating from four to five was the fact that there was a solid 9 months between my initial visit and to my second visit and the waiter, (Alex!), remembered me and was very personable and made it a great experience from start to finish.
5	First, let me explain that this review is based solely on their vegan chocolate chip cookies. I'm not fond of chocolate and I'm not a vegan but I think that these cookies are simply amazing! Hands down, the best cookie I've ever had.Plus, if the claims are true, an entire package is only 150 calories! I'm a bit skeptical but if it's true I'm convinced they're magical.
4	After transitioning to a vegan diet last year, this was the first place I found that I didn't have to worry about finding chicken broth hidden in my marinara sauce (AHEM Cheesecake Factory, ya liars). The first time I ate here I had vegan pizza. I was a little skeptical about ordering this because the only time I had ever encountered vegan cheese before this tasted like someone had sprayed the remaining aerosol from a cheez-whiz can onto a thinly sliced piece of tofu. Man, this was SO not that cheese. The Red Velvet vegan pizza is soy (badumshh) delicious, I just wanted to eat the topping off of it because it was so melty and perfect. I've only been here about 5 times total because it is a little pricey, but every food experience here has been a great one.The vegan taco salad is excellent and highly recommended, although the faux-beef seems to be a tad greasy. The red velvet cake is freaking unbelievable, and it ought to be since it's in their name. You won't regret ordering this cake, especially because it's not as calorie heavy as you might think with all that delicious frosting.The only reason I gave it 4 stars was because of the seating. Even though I've been here at least 5 times, I'm always a little confused about whether or not I'm supposed to just seat myself, or wait near the door for someone to put us somewhere. The seating in the main area is incredibly uncomfortable to sit at for an entire meal. The chairs are very high and since I'm only 5'3" it just  feels like I'm sitting in a high chair. Despite that, the staff here is very friendly and attentive. It's a great place to be if you're looking for a trustworthy vegan restaurant!
2	Not my favorite vegan restaurant for food.  Their desserts are fantastic but the rest of their vegan food is pretty bland and consists of  way too much fake meat and fake cheese and a little shredded lettuce.  I do like their chopped salad, however I don't know what the other reviewers were thinking raving about how great the taco salad and the buffalo chicken wrap are- they're yuck.  Also I was super, SUPER disappointed that I spent $5.50 on a "mojito tea" that they use dried mint flakes in instead of fresh mint.  Who does that?  Gross.
2	Not worth the trip from Henderson.I ordered all Vegan:Buffalo Chicken Wrap: 3 /5 ( pissed they charged $1 more for soy cheese)Chocolate Chip Cookies: 2/5 tasted undercookedRed Velvet Cake 4.5 /5  pretty damn goodI did not like that we were the only group (3) besides another couple and it took over 30 minutes to bring out our sandwiches. Also, the chips we got for sides were just baked lays.  Really, come on Baked Lays.  I asked the waiter if they used "Gardein" which has become my favorite fake meat substitute; which he replied with an elitist attitude, "No, we only use restaurant quality food." (Funny because the Wynn casino right down the street uses plenty of Gardein.)  None of the sandwiches I thought were something I couldn't make myself.
4	I had a wonderful dining experience here last evening. Staff is really friendly and helpful. They have a lot of vegetarian options, and most everything else on the menu can be converted to a vegan or vegetarian dish. Food is pretty good.
4	Today was my first time.I loved it.Had the Egg plant/Soy satay (no chicken). It was delicious and of course salubrious. The waiter said that with the soy the meal was equivalent to ~4 oz chicken.The place is popular and appealing. Very open atmosphere. The staff is friendly. Nice decor. TV's too--news and ESPN.I firmly believe that plant based diets prevent atherosclerosis--strokes & heart attacks.I will go back.
4	After lunch there today, I can write a solid review of this establishment after about 4 or 5 visits.I have to start by saying that the salads here are always awesome!  Today's lunch portion of Bacon, Avocado, and Shrimp salad was plenty to satisfy me, and I'm a fan of hearty lunch portions.  The shrimp was so fresh, firm, and tasty.  I hate getting rubbery pre-cooked shrimp on my salads.To be fair, my previous visit was less than inspiring, as my turkey sandwich was on 2 slices of bread from the bag with circular slices of deli meat like you get in the lunchmeat section of Von's.  I was not happy about the $9 price for what I could have made for $0.39.My overall experience with this location definitely merits the 4 stars though.  And although I'm not a dessert person, my friends always leave with a little bag of goodies and rave over the sweet treats they make.I'll return here many times.
4	We ate at Red Velvet Cafe after a long afternoon of swimming and roasting in the hot late-summer Vegas sun. We ordered quite the variety for three adults and two kids and we all enjoyed our food very much!We ordered take-out so I cannot comment on service other than to say that my husband went in to pick up our order and the store employee said "I should recognize you by now!" and we had to laugh because we've never been there before. Heh. She must have thought he was someone else.+ Let us discuss dessert first! 160 calories for SIX (yes, SIX!) amazing, delicious, SOFT, chocolate chip cookies? Yes, please!- The Red Velvet cake itself tastes like play doh. The frosting is delicious, though, and mixed together they are yummy enough. I wouldn't order the cake again. (PS - Don't name your restaurant after your least yummy menu item! Free advice!)+/- We shared an order of the cheddar bacon fries. They were ok. Sometimes when I am desperately craving fries and I don't want to go out, I make fries out of fresh potato at home. These tasted a lot like what I, the uneducated only moderately good cook, can cook without any thought. They were tasty and they were covered in cheese and turkey bacon, so I'm not complaining. But baked fries are generally rubbery and kinda blah-ish. Don't expect the texture of fried fries.The fries were quite uneven in the way that they were cut, so some of them were overcooked, others were undercooked. This is easily remedied when the fries are cut evenly.+ The taco salad was very good. Very big and very filling. My husband ate half-ish of it at lunch and my son finished it for an after-pool snack. Everyone liked it a lot.+ The portion of guacamole is enormous and the guacamole is quite good. They don't give you enough chips, though.+ I had a chicken, spinach, mushroom paninni, which was very very very good. Even as take-out it was warm and melty and yummy. The sandwiches come with baked lays. I would have preferred salad or something, I think. Processed chips aren't my idea of a yummy side to accompany a delicious sandwich.+/- We ordered a Mac and Cheese so everyone could try it. It wasn't the greatest, but if we're talking about healthy food, it is good. And it will satisfy your Mac and Cheese craving without forcing you to eat straight Velveeta melted on noodles. :)+ The tuna melt was good, but pretty standard among tuna melts.+/- The veggie grill was good, but my daughter thought it was "too sweet" I don't know what on it was sweet, but that's what she said.In closing, I will say that I'll definitely go back. The food was great and just the cookies alone are reason enough to go in.Yum!
3	The service is a little slow, and a little inattentive (I asked for salad, was given chips), but the food is decently yummy, enough to warrant return visits. Where Red Velvet Cafe really shines, however, is their desserts, just as the name implies. So amazing. In any case, it's nice to have a fairly healthy place on the regular roster of places to eat.
4	Just reviewing the cakes and cookies and they were delicious, moist, and very flavorful!
5	I love you!!!! My favorite vegan restaurant, great food, and amazing staff. Thank you =D
5	I love love love Red Velvet Cafe! I almost didn't want to write this review in fear of it becoming overly popular and having to wait haha.  My bf and I come almost once a week to get our fix. I'm always torn between the taco salad and one of their chicken paninis. I'm not a vegan so I get regular chicken but they are able to make it vegan if you are. The food is very consistent and comes out every time hot and delicious. The staff is extremely friendly and the owner is always there checking on the customers. Make sure you save room for dessert because it can't be beat. Everything I've tried has been great but I always find myself picking the peanut butter brownie. Mmmm!
4	One of our favorite spots in town for a weekly meal.  We come here at least once a week.  Healthy, clean, and tasty meals.  There are also vegetarian and vegan options for everything on the menu.  My favorites are the taco salad, spicy peanut chicken and the vegan choc chip cookies!You can only go there when you have time.  They are not fast and would be a turn off to many people in our hectic society.  Relax and take your time.
4	Pretty darn good- it was crazy busy when we went so it took a little while to get our food.  It was kind of confusing when you walk in because you don't know whether to sit down or wait to be seated or what- it seemed like the waiters/waitresses were just as confused as we were about this, haha.  The food was pretty good.  It seemed like the cheese was Daiya, which is a cassava root cheese.  They boast soy cheese on the menu.  I guess I have kind of a problem with this because it is potentially mislabeled.  It is more for my husband's sake- he hates melted daiya and it was pretty much all over his food and he was expecting maybe teese or follow your heart cheeses.I had the chicken avocado panini and the taco salad (went halfsies with hubby) and they were both pretty good.  I am a little bummed the chips were chemically baked lays, not exactly what I would call "healthy" but low cal nonetheless.  The taco salad was pretty good, the shell was what I thought made it special- otherwise I could have made that at my house.  The sandwich was super delicious.  My mother-in-law got a vegan buffalo chicken wrap, which tasted a lot like Franks hot sauce, which if they used the Franks buffalo sauce, then the wrap is not vegan because that sauce has milk products in it.  It was still really yummy and spicy though.  I will definitely return here to try some of their other dishes next time I am in town.  I am stoked that a vegan friendly restaurant exists in a town where most people look at me like I am crazy for being a vegan.
1	Hey LV yelpers!I've been a BIG fan of RVC over the past months and came here multiple times with different gfs. I would drive out of my way just to have lunch here. 19 miles is a long drive.I'm a fan of their chips & guacamole, taco salad, paninis, wraps, pizzas, sauteed chicken/veggie bowls, and their vegan cookies and cakes.I recently came here with one of my gfs for lunch and we were upset with the service we received. I raved to her about how much I loved RVC and it was her first time eating here.Our waiter (male) gave us our menus and forgot about us, so we eventually asked another waiter (male) to take out order... then after our food came out, he never came to check on us. All of the employees were behind the counter talking to each other and forgot about us. We had to ask the janitor/cleaning guy to tell our waiter we wanted dessert... we ended up having a 2 hour lunch because we waited so long throughout our lunch.After such bad customer service, I'm not coming back anymore!What a bummer! This place went downhill. Not worth the drive for me anymore.-NEXT.
4	Can't remember the last time I was here, but if you like vegan food, this place is pretty good!I tried this place a few years ago, prior to their expansion, and I remember it being a pretty good place.  The only reason why I haven't gone back is because its a good 25-30 minute drive from my house.  It's located on the corner of Sahara and Buffalo.  This little trendy lookin' place is good for lunch or dinner, or maybe just some desert or a coffee.  They serve sandwiches, paninis, wraps, pizzas, salads, pasta, and rice plates all of which can be served up vegan.  They have specials for November, but I ended up ordering the Chicken Provolone, which had chicken, spinach, roasted tomato, basil, provolone and pesto dressing grilled between two slices of whole wheat bread.  It came with a choice of chips or salad all for about $8; pretty cheap, considering the size of the plate and the freshness of the veggies.  To me, it tasted slightly bland, but not enough for me to complain.  I heard from another patron, that the specials were pretty good, so I'll probably give that a whirl next time around.The service was so-so.  Granted, it was really busy--peak lunch hours (1:00pm).  My server tried to be attentive, but with the influx of customers that trolled in, I felt like she was flustered.  I was surprised I found a table.  If you're coming in here around this time, get here early and just anticipate to wait a little just so you can forewarn your belly.So... the main thing that brought me to give this place 4 stars (and almost pushed me to 5... almost) were their vegan desserts.  OMG, their vegan desserts.  It's like heaven in your mouth.  Their dessert case displayed a wide variety of cakes; each one, based on what the lady behind the counter had told me, were under 200 calories (say what?! lol). I asked her a little bit about her preference and what was popular, etc, etc, to try to narrow down my options (seriously, there's so many cakes I had no idea which to choose from).  Apparently, the vanilla chocolate chip cake and red velvet are among the popular ones.  I ended up choosing the lemon cake along side my espresso.  It was delicious; moist and dense, with a light and sweet topping that had lemon rind bits mixed into it.  I also brought home their vegan chocolate chip cookies: tasty, not sweet, soft, chewy, slightly crisp around the edges, not too many chocolate chips---perfect.Definitely would go here again.  Wish it weren't too far.  Wish it weren't too crowded.  I wanna try their breakfast for sure!
5	Best vegan, vegetarian and non-vegetarian cafe in Las Vegas period!!
1	I have been here twice. The first time I ordered the spicy chicken wrap. It was not good (bland, sloppy and could not tell if it was suppose to be a cold or warm wrap-yes, that is how confusing the item was) but, I recently became a vegetarian so, I decided to try it again because this is what they are known for. I ordered the vegan chicken sandwich which included avocado, which I love. I told my waitress to hold the tomato. The sandwich came, and of course, it had the tomato on there (and as a side note came with only a couple slivers of avocado). But, that is not a big deal, the deal is, I don't think the food is good and it is weird to me that most yelpers that review this place say the food is so good. I agree with a recent reviewer, I would, hands down, choose to go to Baguette Cafe over this place. All of their sandwiches can be made vegetarian and yum! So much better than RVC.
5	One of my favorite restaurants of ALL TIME.This restaurants offers meals in regular format or in Vegan format. This is amazing! To have a vegan wrap with a side of bacon makes a meal SO much better!The chocolate chip cookies are beyond amazing!If you haven't been, this is a MUST do!
1	OK this is a tough one as I have only eaten here the one time this past weekend. However I have no option but to give the 1 star rating as I was compelled to immediately post a quick review on Facebook due to the total lack everything that I expected when I arrived...here goes!The smell - EnchantingThe Decor - Upbeat, clean lines and overall makes you smileAmbiance - Good modern music, plenty of flat screens.The Food - The blandest chicken pesto Panini EVER...Their pesto sauce is pesto mayo...how do you take one of the tastiest, healthiest and easiest sauces to prepare and do that to it...YUCK YUCK YUCK. Plus, they maybe had it on the grill for 2 minutes as it was lukewarm and the bread was soaked in that mayo...Salad dressing way to strong as well for a balsamic vinaigrette. The saute shrimp special was enjoyed by my fiance so well done there.The Service - Loved the hi's and hello's when we first came in but from there on it went downhill. There seems to be 25 people working here but most of them seem to be doing absolutely nothing...well they did seem to be efficient "texters" so give them their due. After finally getting our food and being generally ignored I went up to pay, when asked if everything was good for lunch I replied that the Panini fell very short and it was not good, his response was not what was wrong, but a very abrupt sorry and here's your check!!! Do you not want to know what is wrong with your food...come on get serious when you are in the food business!The Red Velvet Cake - Don't even bother, tasteless and dry with no flavor at all. Go to Nothing Bundt Cakes on West Sahara, don't come here!!!Dear Red Velvet Cafe,I would say you are on a very slippery slope and i think my views are supported by some recent posts. Be very careful because when you slip to much, there is nothing to grab a hold of and you will be flat on your ass. I'm sorry, but while I normally give second chances, your manager/server and cake are going to keep me away for a very long time.RegardsLost customer, actually I guess I never was one!
4	So my cousin and I stumbled upon this place when we were about to dine at the shabu shabu place next door. I'd heard about their vegan options, so we decided to check it out.Their kitchen was closed, but they pointed us to their desserts case, and we found ourselves debating over what flavor of cake to go with. We asked the opinion of the adorable man at the register, and he was nice enough to oblige. We didn't go with either of his suggestions, but he understood. Altogether, it was a nice experience. We got to try the menu at their other location in the mall the next day. Not sure how the two locations compare, but it was pretty good, so I'd go back there when I'm back in Vegas.
4	Just had lunch here for the first time a few days ago. It will definitely not be my last visit! I ordered the California Panini with salad. FANTASTIC! There were so many things on the menu for both vegetarian and vegan lifestyles as well. I am a t-rex, so it was all good for me! We sat by the dessert case and the red velvet cupcake stared at us while we dined. We had it for our lunch dessert. It came out nice and warm! It was perfection! Thank goodness we had just come for lunch after hanging out on the track earlier so I didn't feel as guilty.
4	We went here on a Friday night and it was packed!  You might even want to order your desserts ahead of time because it was slim pickings by the time we finished dinner at 7:30pm.  I got a panini with vegetarian turkey, chicken, onion, chipotle sauce and cheese on nine grain bread which was a special for January and it was tremendous.  I'll probably be back before the month is out just to have it again!  The vegetarian taco salad was incredible as well and would make a monstrous yet healthy entree.  I liked how the taco shell wasn't a deep fried tortilla but a baked kinda pita style bowl.  So much awesomeness.  I'm so ready to go back just thinking about it now.  The service was attentive and friendly.  They accidentally switched our sandwich orders and sides but made it right and gave us one free dessert to make up for the mistake.  It wasn't even a big deal.  Talk about above and beyond!  Wow!
5	As a Portlandian, I'm spoiled as hell when it comes to delicious vegan treateries, so I'm pretty pleased to have Red Velvet around during my Vegas vacations for all of my gluttonous, diabetes-inducing needs.We didn't get a full meal here this time around, but I do recall using a few moans and suggestive metaphors to describe the taco salad I ordered on a previous visit. After a very pleasant exchange with a very pleasant employee (Alex?) with unending patience for our indecisiveness at the dessert display (tiramisu, chocolate peanut butter cake, banana split cake... it's seriously hard to not buy everything in the case), we wound up with a maple cake and half a dozen chocolate chip cookies.The maple in the maple cake was delicate and understated, and I suspect illicit substances in the icing because it was just plain addictive. The cake itself was spongy and moist and full of flavor, as cake should be. More, please.The cookies were nice and soft, and the chocolate chips they used were mighty fine. There was a little bit of a health food taste to them, but in the best possible way. Not my all time favorite cookies, but I certainly wouldn't turn them down.So go to Red Velvet. Eat yourself into diabetic shock. Give Alex all of your tip dollars. You won't regret it.
4	Okay i'm not a health nut as I usually love to indulge in life's greatest sins: Steak, cheeseburgers, pizza, chocolate...but this "healthy" place is amazing!I have been going here for lunch lately as I am trying to cut down on my sinful eating, and have not been disappointed by this "healthy" food.Everything has a vegan option for those that want, but i ordered the Grilled Chicken burger with Baked Fries.  What a great and healthy alternative to fast-food!  The service is fast and SUPER friendly.  I think i get a friendly "high" after visiting this place as I become the nicest guy you meet when I leave.The baked fries are a great alternative to their deep fried cousins. Though not as crispy they still have great flavor.  The chicken was moist and not dry at all and loaded with fresh lettuce, tomato, and I had them add fresh avocado for a dollar more (great alternative to mayo for you health conscious folks).  On another visit i tried the Chicken, Mozzarella, Tomato Panini which was just OK.  It came with a bag of baked chips.  The Panini was what was expected but was not knock me out of my seat delicious.  I preferred the chicken burger as it came with baked fries!SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT.....is phrase you all to often hear when the server wants to milk you for a higher bill thus higher tips..BUT this place, dessert MUST be had.  The red velvet is divinity on a plate.  The whole wheat cinnamon roles are also a perfect end of meal topper.  Don't leave without picking SOMETHING/ANYTHING out from the dessert display case!Red velvet Cafe, even with your healthy goodness, you won this corpulent man's heart.
5	I absolutely love this place.  The food is amazing and best yet it's organic and they cater to vegans too!
1	I ordered my takeout at 530. I was told 20 min. I got there at 545 and waited and waited. At 555 I got up and asked for some water. At 605 I was told there was 2 orders in front of me. At 615 my order was finally ready. When I tried to voice my frustration, the girl ringing me up made excuses, the mngr didn't listen and literally laughed and waved to me goodbye as I was exiting the business. I used to support this place when they had little to no customers when they were first starting out. I was outraged at their handling of this. I will never return. And your food is decent but definitely over priced.  Customer service is NON EXISTENT as I've heard many others saying as well.
4	COOKIES!Not a fan of sweets, but why is it everytime you watch what you eat, you crave sugar!Found the solution, RVC vegan cookies. Today I bought 3 boxes. 2 chocolate chip and 1 oatmeal. Even though I was standing at the counter for a minute before being acknowledge by any of the half dozen workers, after I was, service got friendlier. The cookies are incredible. Soft, sweet and full of chocolate chips, and I am told they are only 27 calories. I truly hope that is the case because I ate 4 today. A little more than 100 calories for a dessert is pretty good. I've had lunch here before and no complaints, meanwhile I will most likely come here or to the Fashion Show location to stock up on more cookies. Try them, you won't be disappointed!
2	I've been a big fan of this place for years, but after yesterday, I may need to reconsider. My boyfriend called in our order at 4:48p. They told him it would be 20 minutes which was fine by us because I didn't get off of work until 5 anyway. So, we make it there at a little before 5:17. My boyfriend, Ben went in to pick up our food. From what I could see, the place wasn't full at all. It had maybe 2-3 couples in the dining area. The staff told Ben that our order was not prepared yet which was no big deal. He paid not too long after that and we took our food home. What we discovered was very disappointing. Our vegan tuna melt was not a melt at all. It was very crumbly, the bread was not toasted and was overall soggy. The same goes for our vegan ham and cheese sandwich. We also ordered a vegan spinach and chicken quesadilla which was slimy and barely had any cheese in it. I am really hoping that this was an off day for Red Velvet. ):
2	We were very unsure of the etiquette to use when we got there. There are two doors, two counters that appear to be where one should order, and no signs or hostess directing anyone where to begin. Walking up to the counter in plain view, it was tough to get attention, so I imagine it would have been even harder to get waited on if we took a seat first. The only available tables in the place were unbussed, so we had to wait about ten minutes for that. We weren't given a menu, weren't offered drinks with our order, and had to flag down servers twice to get a bill. There seemed to be a lot of hipster jerks hanging around eyeballing us, but that goes for any vegan place or sushi joint. So - the service was awwwful and the ordering procedure was confusing. Cupcakes were great, though! Go there for the food, but don't expect to be treated like a paying customer.
5	I had heard about the legendary vegan cookies at the Red Velvet Cafe and decided to pick up a dozen for an art opening I was having at my gallery in downtown.  I placed the order the day before and the staff had them ready and waiting for me when I picked them up after work.Lemme tell ya - the Red Velvet Cafe doesn't take their cookie makin' lightly. So flavorful, rich - and YES! - even buttery tasting.  We won over a TON of folks who couldn't believe the cookies were vegan that night! Definitely coming back to keep spreading the vegan word.
4	I ate at Red Velvet Cafe for the first time recently. I'm in between giving it 3 or 4 stars but I guess 4 works because of how great the red velvet cake was. The service was ok, the food.. Not so much. We got the baked Mac n cheese (he didn't like it) and caprese panini. The "salad" it comes with is very bland & gross. I should have picked the chips. The sandwich had too much mozzarella on it, the tomato made it soggy by the time I got it and it just wasn't very tasty all around. The fruit blender I got was awesome and the red velvet cake was amazing but other than that, not very impressed. I'm hoping it was an off day for them or we just ordered the wrong things, because I do want to try it again.
4	Weighing out service, atmosphere and food altogether, I'd think it sums up a good 4 stars. Let's start with the good news and work our way down to bad:FOOD: Honestly, the food was fantastic. My galpal and I ordered chicken provolone panini which came with a side of either salad or chips. We sticked with the greens. In a while, our dishes came in a big serving plate and mind you, the salad sauce was really good - balsamic vinegar and olive oil (at least that's what my friend said it was) $7.95 for an order that big is verrrry reasonable. ATMOSPHERE: The atmosphere was contemporary and club music was playing in the pipe-ins. We were expecting a more ambient vibe. RVC felt more like a restaurant than a cafe seeing as we actually had waiters - It should practically be called Red Velvet restaurant. SERVICE: It could really do with more impovement on this part. When we got in, we sat down on some tables like we'd always do at a cafe. There were no barristas, some of the customers seemed to have a menu but we weren't given one so I went up to the food counter and asked for a menu. Our waiter seemed a bit hesitant, we'd think he's new but as far as recommending food selections or anything, we didn't get any. In the end, go there for the food. Don't expect to be able to read a book, bring in a laptop or do your homework at RVC's settings which encourages a more social atmosphere. Nonetheless, it's a place worth visiting and although we have yet to try their cookies, the chicken provolone paninis were enough to let us come back.
4	I've been hearing a lot of talk about the Red Velvet Cafe so my husband and I finally checked it out for ourselves two weeks ago.  I'm not a vegan but I do typically eat healthy.  Oh my gosh, the food was delicious!!  I had chicken and baked fries.  Sadly, I did not have any of the dessert but because I liked it so much, one of my friends bought me a gift certificate last week.  :-)  I will be back and I AM trying that red velvet cake next time!!  Reasonably priced.  We went on a Saturday afternoon and the service was timely.
4	Went here for the Red Velvet cake.  Overrall, service was wonderful (let me know how long it would take for them to get it packed for to-go and cashier was very courteous.  Seating is wide and place is overall clean.  Pretty pricey for a one cake, would be enough to share.  Very moist and the cream wasn't over bearing.  Will have to stop by again to try out the dishes they have to offer.  Smelled nice when I was waiting by the kitchen area. Parking is easy, lot is decent sized.
1	They didn't fill my water after he asked if I wanted more water and said yes. Big mistake
4	Having been a vegetarian in the past, I always appreciate a place that caters to those who follow a vegan or vegetarian diet. Plus, who can resist the cakes and cookies they make which are vegan, no less? I ordered a chicken, spinach, and mushroom panini with pesto sauce to go. As I waited, I checked out their bakery display. The employees recommended the chocolate chip cookies. But for some reason, the cakes were calling out to me, so I chose the Vanilla Chocolate Chip Cake. Cookies next time :)The employees were very nice and friendly, very helpful with the menu. Any items that contains meat, you can substitute a meatless version of it. They encourage you to inform them of any allergies you may have, and of course, if you're vegan OR vegetarian before you select what to eat. The decor is very modern and chic, with couple of TV's to watch. Very cute place to have a quick lunch, but quality food. It's not fast food, I definitely had to wait a few minutes to get my order. I took my food home, both the panini and cake were awesome. Definitely going back :)
4	My first review!   (please, take a seat)Let me start off with the obligatory "I'm not a vegetarian/vegan" statement that I think should accompany reviews of places that cater to these unfortunate souls (kidding!)Been here thrice.  First time was a year and a half ago or so, and I tried the Chicken, Artichoke and Spinach Panini with Vegan cheese (I'm lactose intolerant :( ).   This was my first time trying Vegan cheese.    What do they say about the first time?  Awkward?  Painful?  "They" were right.   I have successfully avoided vegan cheese since, and though the rest of the ingredients were fine, I avoided RVC in a "guilt by association" sort of reasoning.Finally getting the courage to go back, I tried their Taco Salad last week based on all the positive Yelp reviews it seems to garner.   Well I'm happy to say they are much deserved.  First, it's HUGE.  I only ate half and am convinced it could successfully feed a family of vegans for a week.   The baked(?) taco shell was the highlight, and within it contained a ton of rice, lettuce, chunks of chicken (vegans can substitute for a lot of of non-meat meats), and salsa (no cheese for me, vegan or otherwise).  I thought the taste of all the ingredients was spot on and I definitely didn't walk away hungry.  Went there again for lunch today and went with the Chicken Burger (hold the cheese) with Baked Fries.    I'm officially in love with this place (statute of limitations on Vegan Cheese infractions has run out).   The Chicken Burger was almost exactly like the Chicken Sandwiches you can get at Wendys, McDonalds, etc except that it actually had flavor and was made with fresh ingredients.   The Baked Fries still had the same great taste of fried french fries and to me the texture wasn't off-putting in the least.   For $7.95 I thought the meal was a steal.All three of these experiences were getting take-out for lunch, and the service was friendly enough and I've never had to wait more than a few minutes before my food was ready (they usually say 20 minutes when I call it in and I do as I'm told).  I was close to giving this place 5 stars based on the last two experiences, but I think I just spontaneously decided to reserve 5 star reviews for places that provide me with a life altering experience (and places that have never served me Vegan Cheese)
1	I was really looking forward to eat at this place, I order tuna wrap to go. That came with a mix green salad on the side. My hubby order the famous red velvet cupcake and strawberry and banana smoothie. When it was the time finally to eat. Not only I was so disappointed on the taste of the tuna wrap it didn't have no flavor it was run down tuna with not even salt in it completely nasty a five year old can make better tuna wrap.on top of that I chewed on a piece of sharp plastic material like fiber glass the almost cut my mouth, the salad was a joke it was wrap on foil paper, a green salad for the love of God how can it be presented like that. The velvet cake was super sweet tons of sugar that make you gag because of the overpowering sugar. Conclusion terrible presentation. Horrible taste plain and simple no love in to the making of the meal this was my first and last time here.
2	The service was good but I can't say the same about the food.  My food was super greasy and it just did not taste good.  The prices are kind of high too.
5	I came here with my family for dinner.  We were looking for good vegan options.  My husband ordered the taco salad, my son ordered the avocado spinach pasta, and I ordered the curried vegetables.  My husband and I ordered iced tea, and my son ordered a chocolate banana and peanut butter smoothie.All of the dishes were delicious and very filling.  I tasted from each plate.  The curried vegetables were so good that it was hard to stop eating it, even though I was starting to feel full.  It came with a huge portion of rice and a salad of greens dressed with a vinaigrette on the side.  The vegan taco salad was to die for!  A light crispy shell that didn't seem heavy or greasy at all, loads of vegan cheese that tasted like real cheese, tons of beans, salad greens and avocado.  The pasta was very good - the vegan "meat" was very nice.We were too full for dessert so we didn't get to try what the restaurant is most famous for.  Next time we'll get dessert and take it to go!
4	I was craving cake. MAN, was I craving cake, but this Insanity diet only allows me to consume around 300 calories at a time. So naturally, I dragged my sister and ventured to Red Velvet Cafe. OH MAN DID IT HIT THE SPOT. It was good, more than good, beyond satisfying. As a non-vegetarian that still loves vegan food, I loved this place. The food reminded me of Urth back in LA! With a slight change in decoration and ambience, Red Velvet would be perfect! My sister ordered one of their paninis and the food was fresh and delish! The one downer was their service. It took a while to order.
5	A friend and I went and had lunch here as she would not stop talking about the place. I now know why. The food is great, staff are friendly and the cakes are just mouth watering. Everything I ate was beyond tasty and the service I experienced couldnt get better!
5	Love this place!  You don't have to be a vegan to enjoy it... they have meat!  The Spicy Peanut chicken is really good over rice, but my all time favorite is the Chicken Tacos.  They are huge portions and I always have 1 taco left over for lunch the next day.You have to get dessert, and it doesn't matter what you get because they are all delicious!!!  The calorie count is low and the taste is off the charts!
4	Generous portions of vegetable-rich simple food. The first time I ate here I ordered some avocado dip and chips along with my veggie stir fry, and there was far too much food. Second time I stuck with the veggies and brown rice--perfectly satisfying with crisp, tasty veg, lightly spiced. Servers are friendly and helpful. And they'll do any of their dishes with vegan meat.
1	For a first time experience at Red Velvet Cafe it was awful. Service was terrible and it took over an hour for us to get our food. Oh, and did I mention that there were only 2 of us! This place is rather small, so we thought it would be a quick in and out. Nope, nothing went right. After the long wait, we thought our food would at least taste decent. Wrong again. The buffalo chicken wrap I ordered was drenched in so much buffalo sauce it was impossible to eat with my hands. It felt like I just got done eating a rack of ribs with the mess upon me. Luckily the waiter gave us free cookies at the end for our long wait or else I would of left no tip. Cookies were amazing. However, there are a ton of bakeries out there that you can go to with much better service. Avoid this place if you can, that's unless you want the worst service and half-assed made food.
5	I loved this place so much. I wish I could have afforded to eat here daily, but I did go here twice. My friends and my boyfriend were equally impressed. My boyfriend and I are VEGAN and were totally stoked that everything on the menu could be made vegan. I can't tell you how nice it is to go into a restaurant and be able to get ANYTHING you want on the menu. Really. It's unbelievable. Our waiter was super nice and accommodating both times. In fact, we saw the same guys each time we visited. They even recognized us! First Visit: I got the buffalo chicken wrappini, veganized. My boyfriend got a vegan taco salad. My friend got a vegetarian taco salad. Her boyfriend got vegetarian chicken tacos. The tacos were actually a dinner menu item, but our waiter asked the chef to make it special during lunch. We were totally impressed. We were also impressed with how CHEAP it is. Compared to vegan food on the Strip, this place is bargain basement prices. For dessert we were stoked that they had vegan red velvet cake. VEGAN RED VELVET CAKE. OMGAWD. Amazing. I was squealing the whole time. Everything was just so good, and service was top notch.Second Visit: Our waiter seemed really busy this time around, and he kept getting confused, was slow to the table, etc. But he was still really nice. I ordered the mac & cheese veganized. My boyfriend got the taco salad again. My friend got a pasta but it was strong on the lemon flavor. I can't remember what her boyfriend got the second time. I was too busy paying attention to my delicious mac & cheese. This time we were all greedy pigs and got our own pieces of cake. I got tiramisu, my boyfriend got coconut orange cake, my friend ordered the banana peanut butter-something cake, and her boyfriend a tiramisu. Freaking incredible. I can't rave enough about this place. If I lived in Vegas, I would be broke regularly. It's really good food. It's not overly greasy, it's well made and it's a really friendly place!
5	One of my very favorite restaurants!  The food is always amazing, and a red velvt cake for under 150 calories???  Yummmmmm!
5	This place is pretty good! I love that anything on the menu can be made vegan.
2	Pros: Tons of vegan options and baked-goods that are yummy.Cons: SUPER SLOW SERVICE, 2/3 people complain of a stomach ache after eating here.Today when my BF and I dined at RVC we waited about twenty minutes for an order of fire-fries and a panini with fries. I saw the kitchen staff didn't fire my panini until the fires were finished and waiting on our plates to be served, getting cold. When the food did arrive my panini was barley grilled and cheese not melted entirely or throughly, and the panini didn't have all the fixings described on the menu.This is third time in a row I've dined at RVC and received super slow service, making today's experience not a fluke. Additionally, my tummy starts hurting immediately after I finish my meal. I am a vegan who eats very clean, mainly plant based foods and whole grains. Possibly my tummy hurts because I'm not use to eating products like vegan meats and cheeses? But my BFF also complains of upset stomach after a RVC experience and will not go back. My boyfriend who is not vegan will not return to the restaurant unless it's my last resort as he thinks as a non-vegan the food is nothing to write home about and the service is frustrating.
4	Red Velvet Cafe is GREAT! This establishment makes it easy to eat 'clean' while going out. The Chicken and Sauteed Vegetables with brown rice accomodates a training diet perfectly without modification. (just watch out for the carrots). Additionally, the wide selection of tea allows for a tasty treat with no calories added.
4	Been wanting to try this place for a while, but between the reviews for high prices and my husband's limited palate, I just hadn't had the opportunity.  Well, today was a great opportunity!  My  very close friend is breastfeeding and her son is very sensitive to dairy so I suggested this place.I looked at the menu and thought the prices looked fine.  She got a chicken burger for $7.95 and I got the Taco Salad for $11.95.  She really enjoyed the chicken.  The Taco salad?  Freaking awesome!  And HUGE!!  Talk about bang for your buck!  Now I am not a small female-I am 5'10 and muscular.  So when I tell you I only ate 1/3 of it you know that its huge!!  LOL!  So, for $12 I am going to get three meals-that's a steal in my book!  The leftovers are even good.  I didn't think it could get any tastier, but I took a cold bite and bam!  Yum agian!!    Next time I am going to put the shell in a different box to keep it from getting too soggy.We are both dessert freaks so couldn't resist the Vegan Pumpkin Cake.  It was very good, not to heavy either.  The frosting was so yummy and light!  I was afraid that since it was vegan it would be greasy-no sir it was not!Great lunch, we will definitely be back soon.  Maybe every other week so we don't pack on pounds from the desserts :)
2	I've heard so many good things about this place but unfortunately I didn't have that experience for myself. Being vegan, it's so awesome when you find a vegan friendly restaurant... (but not this one.. sadly)I ordered the special crispy vegan chicken sandwich. When it arrived, it literally fell apart. The lettuce wasn't very fresh, it almost tasted dirty. The "chicken" was dry. And when i asked the waitress what it was made of, she didn't know. When i asked about the ingredients in the mayo... she didn't know.. I like to know what's in my food and what vegan products they're using because sometimes things can be missed.  Overall, the sandwich was so-so. (definitely not worth 10.95) And although our waitress was kind, our service was ridiculously slow.It's a shame there aren't more vegan places around that actually have fresh food!Sorry Red Velvet, I probably won't be visiting again!
3	I'm not a sweet tooth, but the gang wanted some dessert and coffee after din din... why not at a "healthier" Vegan joint.  I had Mexicano coffee (Americano with Mexican spiced cocoa), the others had the Cloud Nine (Rich organic Caribbean cocoa) & theMexican Cocoa (Cinnamon spiced cocoa with vanilla and almond).   We shared a tiramisu, banana cream and red velvet dessert ... It was a lot! haah The frostings were too sweet for me, but the cakes were pretty decadent & moist for vegan desserts.  Minus the winking waiter (LOL what a flirt!) who took a while to get our table ready and desserts served before another waiter took over, atmosphere is pretty laid back and clean.   Next time, I'd request that the Mexicano and cocoas be made extra hot. They weren't hot enough when they were served.
3	Well - since this seems to be one of the only places in Vegas catering to vegetarians and vegans, I've been anxious to check it out. That being said, I was somewhat disappointed. Yes, you can get all of the menu items vegan or vegetarian, which is nice. However, it seemed that most of the food was super processed and contained a lot of "faux meat", which I feel isn't really in the vegan spirit. That being said, I got the spicy crispy chicken sandwich, which was only okay. It was a little too spicy for my taste and the crispy "chicken" was really soggy.The vegan chocolate chip cookies, however, were delicious.
4	You have to try the vegan red velvet cake...amazing. Service was incredibly pleasant...not fast food, but not to the point where we were ready to call someone over. The grilled veggie panini was excellent, the vegan taco salad share-worthy as it was huge. We went back and had the tuna wrap which was also huge. Our only comments: tastes like they do use some bottled purchased condiments that would be much better fresh such as the salsa and salad dressing. The tortilla on the wrap could have had a quick warming before use as it was a bit doughy but still, good. And I know they're going for light, but baked Lays are too processed for the rest of what they do. Still. Absolutely worth going twice while we had to be in Las Vegas.
3	Great service. Food was tasty, love you can have whatever vegetarian. Sangria iced tea rocked! The atmosphere is okay, cafe like.
4	Loving it here... Drove all the way fr Henderson on a mission to check out this lil gem...Much to our delight... we were pleasantly full & surprised... if anyone has visited 'Bread & Butter' up in Henderson then you might agree with me that it has a kind of similar vibe... wraps with salad... Very green greens are the way to my lil 'ol heart...Would visit more often if they were closer to my side, however, if I am on the W side... I will stuff my tummy...Server sold me on the 150 calorie filled Red Velvet Cafe - was happy to share with G & only consume 75! BAzing! =)Very yummm!your constant companion,~deirdra
3	Ok food really good service. I may go back but nit the kids
5	I was told "you have to go to Red Velvet Cafe, its so good!"  SOOOO, I convinced my coworkers to go!  OUTSTANDING!  WOW!  SO IMPRESSED!  The food was so good, especially the fake chicken (which has no gluten in it!) and the brown rice vegetable plate.  I was so satisfied, but I couldn't have left without trying the red velvet cake.  Although it has gluten in it, but it is vegan.....hands down the best red velvet cake I have eaten!  Wow!!!!  I also tried the gluten free banana cream pie cake which was so sweet, rich and yummy!!!!!  The service was great!  They took my 8 person order and wrote all the names down on the boxes with no attitude.  I can't wait to go back and try more!  EVERYTHING on the menu can be modified to be gluten free and vegan!  Can't get any better then that!!!!!!
4	Vegans must come.Great thoughtful selections.
5	Love this place. I have not been disappointed yet. And the Vegan desserts are fabulous! Try the chocolate chip cookies!
5	@RedVelvetLV  is one of my #FabFav restaurants to eat at in Las Vegas!  Service  is extraordinary and they have delicious foods that can be prepared vegan/vegetarian styled upon request! My favorite is the tuna melt (vegan) yum-yum! #MustTry @LasVegas_Places
4	Food was simple the service was excellent I may go back.
5	This place is amazing tho not totally Vegan. They serve meat. Great compromise should not everyone in your party be vegan ? Vegan Tacos are great & the soup, ... our kids Love the Vegan Nuggets & Baked Mac n Cheese .. they use Daiya cheese I believeTheir desserts are vegan & oh so amazing - try the Red Velvet cake !!With Mexican Hot Chocolate .. even better !!
3	Food was good. Service was very friendly. It seems to me though that this place is a little disorganized. We waited. We didn't know where to order from if we were eating in, the staff didn't really know much about the desserts. While the food was good, and the service was friendly.... It seems like they really need someone to run the front of the house in a more organized manner
5	Love this place. Very yummy and makes me feel healthier to choose this place when I want to eat out.  The service is outstanding, very family feeling help each other out hugs and love atmosphere.  I always get to go for the most part with the cookies which I'm told are only 20 calories a piece, who knows. :) and the red velvet cake (110 calories). Yum!  I only don't recommend the mac and cheese, kind of runny.  Otherwise everything else has been outstanding.  Loved the caprese panini.  I even got my kids to eat the cookies and love them as well :)Luckily it is around the corner from my house.
5	I've been to Red Velvet Cafe twice now.  After being told by the doc no more gluten or dairy, I was a bit sad at the thought of missing out on some of my favorite desserts and meals.  I must say when I have a craving and I don't have time to cook or bake myself RVC is a life saver.  I love the cakes and cookies!  I had to ask several times, "Are you sure this is gluten and dairy free?"  It is the only time I don't feel cheated.  I have tried a lot of alternative desserts and they all get thrown away.  RVC knows what they are doing and they do it well!  My favorites are the chocolate lava cake and the strawberry cake that tastes like strawberry shortcake. I day dream about the cookies too!  The staff at RVC is also excellent.  Their commitment to service is obvious from the moment you walk in the door.  You are greeted upon entering.  The food is brought promptly and with a smile.  This is a place where your business is appreciated.  Thank you to the staff at Red Velvet Cafe for their commitment to excellent service and quality food, keep up the good work!
4	I love this place! The food is not always consistent but it is very fresh. The desserts are amazing. They also have a good wine selection.I do wish they had more seating, for this reason I usually get my food to go and drink wine while I wait.
3	The food is always awesome. The time it takes to come out is a little to long some times. Regardless it's a great place to eat and healthy.Edit: wow the article about their cookie was interesting. To good to be true. :/
5	Red Velvet is great healthy alternative You have to try the low cal red velvet cake
5	Another restaurant obsession!!! Ok so did you know their selection of vegan cakes are only at about 250 calories each?! The owner told me this; I was so stoked! I have tried about 5-7 different flavors of their vegan mini cakes and the only one I wasn't a huge fan of was the Churro cake. It was just okay. All the others are killer! :-)I've tried lot of items on their menu and they have all been delicious, but right now I'm really into the Cuban panini. All of their sandwiches and paninis are about 500 calories. I love that they have a location also inside of the Fashion Show mall. Shopping and Red Velvet...you can't get much better than that.
3	Pretty standard cafe faire. They do offer gluten free sweets and a few token vegetarian dishes. If you're already in the neighborhood, the food is tastey. But I would not go out of my way to eat there when there are so many great and 4-5 star restaurants in this valley.
3	Not positive why its classified as a vegan/vegetarian restaurant which is the main reason for my not as high review. Don't get me wrong, the food was great but there was a lot of meat and cheese on the menu. I would return thought it was a good lunch.
4	Very good food. Had a turkey club and mocha chocolate cake. So delicious. :) loved the bread for the turkey club. Highly recommend. Didn't give 5 stars bc service was bad.
2	My husband and I have been eating at Red Velvet for almost a year now. Being from California, we miss having healthy and tasty food options and were excited when we found Red Velvet. There are some great dishes that never seem to stay on the menu conistently, but most of the food is mediocre. Still,  the best as far as "healthy" goes in Vegas. I never write reviews but I must say I was appalled when the last time I went in to order my red velvet cupcake, I saw them put the plastic container with the cake into the microwave. Plastic #6, the most toxic and extremely dangerous to heat in the microwave. I am 7 months pregnant. Other than being INCREDIBLY carcinogenic,  this method of heating food is potentially harmful to developing fetuses. I had been going in 3 x's per week for the last month and a half or so, to satisfy my one pregnancy craving: SWEETS.  Also, I had asked prior to make sure they did not heat the cake in plastic and I was told "no". We had also asked the owner what was in the red velvet cake (or at least what was not in the cake), being that certain sweeteners are contraindicated in pregnancy. We were told she could not disclose specific ingredients and the employees told us conflicting things regarding what was not in the cake, so we were already leery. The cake did taste pretty good for being "low calorie" so I am bummed I won't be able to enjoy it anymore. It's a lot of trouble for a cake, yes, but where the problem lies is all of the health claims are obliterated by the toxic and carcinogenic result of microwaving it in dangerous plastic. Also, never returned a smile to good paying customers that frequented her restaurant several times per week. The rest of the staff were always friendly.
5	my favorite restaurant in vegas..... its not super cheap but well worth the few extra bucks. the deserts are vegan and guilt free..... u have to check it out
4	Delicious, freshly prepared healthy food. Options for meat eaters, vegetarians and vegans so everyone can find something to eat. Although I am not a big dessert eater, their cupcakes (Red Velvet and Raspberry-Lemon-Coconut cupcakes are AWESOME!.
4	Vegan, Gluten Free and Organic products? Yes. How can I not love. My favorite thing about this place are the desserts. Yum, melt in your mouth status. I have tried many of them not all and Have yet to be disappointed. My absolute favorite is the double chocolate, OMG you will NOT be disappointed. I wasn't a huge fan of the Gluten Free and Vegan tiramisu, but so far the rest amazing! I love their cookies ( gluten-free and Vegan) and a box of cookies have less than 150 calories. Their cakes are 250 and under. I haven't tried many different dishes but I usually get the spinach artichoke wrap on gluten free pita bread, Delicious. The staff has been very friendly, I actually stopped going to the fashion show Location because of how rude and slow their staff was even after complaining about it. I know they are owned by the same people but my business goes where i feel comfortable and the sahara location has done just that. Love it here.
3	After a long day on a Saturday I was in the mood for something semi-unhealthy and quickly realized I was in the wrong place! LolI ordered the "baked" Mac and Cheese which was served in a bowl with a side salad. At first glance I saw no noodles but what looked like soup like consistency. While it was tasty, it wasn't outstanding and the runny cheese was very hard to eat without strings coming out from my mouth. I sampled my dates panini which was very tasty, something I will note for next time!  I got a double chocolate banana cake which was amazing! I keep hearing that their desserts are gluten/sugar free and it is hard to believe!I'm not going to go out of my way for this place, but if I'm in a healthy mood, ill know where to go.
4	I'm gluten free and vegan and was hungry. The taco salad done vegan and without taco was really tasty. The tiramisu was a little too dense to consider as tiramisu, but it was tasty.
4	Finally, REAL food for veggie-sauruses!Listen, I'm a converted die-hard carnivore, and a dedicated foodie.  I'm a decent sized dude @ 6ft tall, 205lbs., I like FOOD.  I rarely eat out since going vegan due to the utter lack of anything beyond rabbit food as a choice at other restaurants.  I tried the whole "macro-bio-raw-super expensive-sh++ on a plate" thing at the other restaurant up the street.  Thank GOD I stumbled upon RVC!Everything on their menu can be made vegan.  I had the California Panini.  I was deeply impressed.  It was downright tasty, it was hearty and filling.  (I hope they didn't use real mayo...)  The side salad, although just greens, was fabulous, with a perfect vinagrette (perfect amount too, not drowning the leaves like every other restaurant in the world)  I could actually TASTE that the lettuce was organic.  I don't know what others on Yelp are complaining about, our service was excellent.  The kid was very attentive, friendly, knowledgable and helpful.The prices were very reasonable, on par or better with other joints selling non organic, non vegan fare.I give it only 4 stars because they were playing club music way too loud in the initial room we first walked into.  We went into the other room, where there was no music playing, and sat in the back table and still had trouble carrying on a conversation.  BOOM! CHICKA-BOOM, CHICKA-BOOM, CHICKA-BOOM, CHICKA-BOOM, CHICKA-BOOM, CHICKA-BOOM... @80BPM, During lunch.  Come on, guys...Other than that.  A fantastic place.  I'll be back, and if that music is still like that, I'll definitely yell at someone about it.  This place is too much of a gem to have the college age kids who work there ruin it with lousy music.
3	I was excited to check this place off my list after hearing all the good verbal reviews from friends & colleagues. I wanted to treat my broker to lunch and this was a convenient meeting spot close to our office. Very cute modern decor and a very tempting dessert display when you walk in. Regular seating was full so we sat at one of the high tables.Very extensive menu so will have something for everyone...good when you're not sure how finicky your lunch buddies are. I browsed the menu looking through salads, sandwiches, paninis specials and desserts. I ordered the caprese panini which came on a very hearty 9 grain bread that was satisfying and was served with baked Lays chips (I was also given a salad option)  Basil, tomato & mozzarella nothing special. My broker ordered the avocado & shrimp salad. She said the shrimp was done perfect. Overall I thought our food was ok and this review reflects one meal. For a salad and caprese panini with waters, including tip, bill was $31. Not that good a value in my opinion for an "ok" lunch. But we will be back to give other menu items a try and also indulge in one of their desserts next time. I hear the Vegan chocolate chip cookies are amazing.
4	Last night was my first visit and I can't wait to go back. I love the modern/hip decor. The service was very friendly and helpful. We got there right before Friday night dinner rush. A lot of to go orders were picked up which may be another alternative to dining in. We had panini sandwiches with side salad. We ordered smoothies that were filling and refreshing. Of course we had to order the lovely red velvet cake to go. Our bill plus tip was 40$. I would say that was reasonable because the food was healthy, delicious, and service was great. There are dinner options available after 5:30. I will be back to try some of those.
2	My friends always try to hype up this place to me, and I'm putting a stop to that now. I finally visited this place yesterday and was sadly disappointed.Being the hip vegan/vegatarian cafe that it was, it was pricey but the food was mediocre. In fact, it's the same shit you can go a couple blocks over and buy at Whole Foods. Me and my friend ordered two different things. She got chicken burger with fries, and I got a panini sandwich witth tomato, we both opted for the vegan options. When we got our order, which took forever, we were brought pretty much the exact same thing, except different bread. The cheese was your standard out-of-the-package Daiya vegan cheese. They didn't try to even melt it down and mix it with some sort of flavoring to boost the choices coinciding with the menu. We had the exact same chicken patty. Again, same thing I make my lunches with to take to work.What's the icing on the cake though, was my friends hamburger bun. It looks like that shit you buy at Wal-Mart, with its yellow poppy seeds and its large cookie cutter shape roundness. It wasn't vegan. I asked the guy at the front what it was and he said it was white-wheat bread, like we were stupid enough to believe that. Because it definitely wasn't.This place just pretty much does your grocery shopping for you then charges you triple the price. Nothing is organic and truly made for you, it's all frozen shit from the supermarket that they pop in the microwave. I wish Vegas would get a REAL vegan/vegetarian cafe, cause this place is pathetic.
2	This place is seriously rated as a top vegetarian eatery? In that case I could just as easily set a cardboard box up on the strip and hand out microwaved factory made patties on untoasted bread with no condiments and get the same award.Because that is what you are paying 8$ and up for. Factory. Made. Shit.Not even seasoned factory patties, oh no. For you meat eaters let me break it down for you, factory made vegan/vegetarian patties are the equivalent of the hamburger patties you get at Mickey D's and Burger King. At least there they know it's cheap crap, and you get the price for it. Here, they charge you a ridiculous price for stuff you can go to ANY store now days and buy yourself, make yourself, and it would be better and cheaper for you.My friend brought me here, bless her soul, because she wanted to try the highly touted veggie food, since she is converting to the green side. So here is the meal we got after half an hour of waiting (where mind you others who arrived after us were served waaay before us):I got the grilled chicken burger, vegan style, which consisted of the vegan patty (a very thin, small patty not big enough for the ENORMOUS bun they throw it on) with mostly iceberg lettuce and one sliver of tomato, plus thawed out Daiya cheese shreds and the most lethargic fries I've ever had. They claimed that the fries were baked, but most of them were cooked just enough to not be raw, but were so soft that it was basically a mound of unmashed potatoes. Oily too.She got the panini sandwich, which was the same thing, just different bread. And baked chips. LAYS BAKED POTATO CHIPS. WTF!? This place claims it's organic and healthy, but they serve LAYS CHIPS here!? That shit is so processed they legally should not be allowed to put 'potato' on the bag!The only logical reason for this place to have the reputation it does in the vegan/vegetarian world is because they have no real competition. And the location is in an area where people are too rich and lazy to make their own meals, so they go here and feel better about themselves.
4	I'm a fan of this place!  Love the especially the Vegan Taco Salad!  The baked fries are pretty awesome also and you feel less guilty about eating them.  Some of the dessert cakes taste the same even though they are different flavors.  But all-in-all I think this place deserves a try if you want a healthy wholesome (and satisfying) meal when eating out.
2	we have been to red velvet cafe many times...here are the pros and cons:Pros:  - Great desserts (mini vegan cakes) at under 250 calories.  - Great guacamole and outstanding hummus (not on menu anymore but you can still get it).  It costs more here than the same order at the Fashion Mall location, I believe.- Never very crowdedCons:- Pricey!  (esp. the cookies!)- Don't stay open past 8 pm- Some of the worst wait staff I've had - it is consistently bad - have had a couple of different guys and girls - both equally pathetic.  You will need to flag them down for a refill of tea.  Went there last night and waited 15 min before the guy came and took my order.  - Again, Pricey for what you get!  Our tab was more than $86 for dinner /tea/desserts(I had a wrap and tea and dessert) - we did not have any appetizers.  Imagine if we would have had good service, the bill would have been higher due to higher tip!  LOL!- Not many table tops that will hold 4+ people -- I think maybe 6-7 total.We made our mind up last night, after the consistent bad service and high tab for an average meal that we won't go back there again except for desserts and that will be "to go"...The owner/chef is there a lot - I don't know why she doesn't notice that her wait-staff is horrible and killing her business.  She also needs to lower her prices by 10-15%...She should read these reviews or at least have a suggestion box at her register...
4	The pastries are amazing!! Cannot tell at all that they're low calorie. The cookies taste like buttery clouds of pure perfection.. And the staff is always very polite and happy whenever I visit.The only thing I would say could change is that the price for my latte was a bit steep and tasted fairly average.. But still this one of the best bakeries in the world!! Can't wait to try the food.
5	Best vegan food I've had since I moved to Vegas! Loooove it!
5	Another one of my favorites.  Great wraps with any meat substitute if you prefer and the red velvet cake is the best that I've had.  It's vegan and light and doesn't make you feel weighed down after you eat it.
2	This place is hit or miss. Unfortunately Vegas doesn't have a whole bunch of vegan/vegetarian restaurant options. The desserts here are definitely better than their savory foods. Service is horrible. I understand that they can get busy, but at least ATTEMPT to acknowledge your patrons.
4	THE AVOCADO DIP IS ADDICTING!  They give you a huge container of it with these delicate baked tortilla crisps.  Love it!  The only problem is that they give you about 4 pounds of it...and it's so good that I overeat every time and then need to go take a nap!I will never get sick of the desserts here.  You can't go wrong with their mini cakes.
3	Obviously well-known for their vegan and vegetarian selection, they have become a popular spot to dine for herbivores. I've been here several times and find the dishes to be decent. The only thing that really caught my attention was the low calorie vegan baked goods. I have a sugar addiction so this definitely drew me in. The cakes are huge and quite moist. It is a little pricey, however. Sadly, that's expected from vegan and vegetarian eateries now a days.
1	Awful lunch I got a turkey and Swiss wrap that literally was tasteless.  I feel like I wasted 15 bucks on lunch.  I should have listened to the reviewers who said that past the desserts the food isn't good.
3	Service here was extremely slow. Not sure why it was this slow since the restaurant itself is pretty small. The Spicy crispy wrappini was delicious. I think if I ever go back I would eat that again. Very tasty and the chips that accompanied was good too. If service was a bit faster I think this place would be 4 stars.
5	I've written a review of this place before..but Red Velvet Cafe just blew me away AGAIN!I had the Super Juice (whichever one has beets) and the chicken saute..both amazing. The juice was actually large enough and filling enough to share. All I can say is that the experience at Red Velvet is money, every time. Additionally, I finally tried a chocolate chip cookie (well two actually ;) ) and the entire box of 6 has only 160 calories. Really a great place to keep it low cal!
4	Great location if you are car shopping, slightly strange if you aren't its "in the middle."Great Vegan Deserts, fresh salads and good atmosphere. Service can be slow but its a meal--"in-joy"
1	So sad to hear the news about the best chocolate chip cookies ever. I've been eating at Red Velvet for years now always thinking I was getting high quality good for you food and desserts. Come to find out they were misrepresenting them. All along what I thought was 27 cal were actually 157 cal. OMG WHAT!! The owners had no hard evidence to support their low calorie claim. I can only imagine how many calories are in their other dessets. They've lost a customer-how can I have any confidence in their integrity.
3	I want to start with I love this restaurant but I did see the review journal article on July 8th, 2013 by Jane Ann Morrison who had the cookies analyzed. The cookies are excellent but they are not under 30 calories each like the owner and website advertised. More like 157 calories each!! So just don't believe their calories listing because its completely false. I never believed it myself the cookies tasted too good.
5	This side of towns best kept secret! It is truly amazing and the service is great, however, it is way too small and gets crowded and you could have to wait a long time for food, but it is delicious!
5	Great gluten free wraps! Great gluten free desserts. Great staff. What else can I say besides they are great! So great that friends and family who aren't gluten free have tried their food and then brought me something gluten free from them because they just can't believe how good it is! I don't care about the calorie thing, didn't know about it before, don't care about it now. Their food is still really wonderful and I can guarantee that the gluten free items really are because I get extremely sick with the slightest amount of gluten and that's never happened here. I love Red Velvet, both locations. YUM!!!!!
1	I used to come here all of the time for lunch-- but now that I know that I've been lied to for years about the calorie count for the cookies, I will never go back.  The food was decent, but very high priced-- I didn't mind though because I believed that I was eating healthy-- now I believe that if they lied about the cookies, they probably lied about the calorie count for all of their food and desserts-- so long Red Velvet!!!
1	After the truth on the calorie count of the cookies have come out I have to update my review which I first did in October of '08.  Wow, I had been getting duped for a long time.  This was my go to spot for lunch with friends after a Saturday gym session, and I would often stop by for what I thought were low calorie desserts during the week.  But I cannot support a business that has been lying to their customers since as far back as 2010.  I know only the cookies have been analyzed but that is enough for me to doubt everything else on the menu and how it is prepared.  Thank you, Todd Wilbur and Jane Ann Morrison for revealing the truth about RVC.
1	Wow, They have been lying to me for years..... This is such Bull and I feel so disrespected... Not only was everything pricey, I still paid these high prices trusting I was eating healthy, If they lied about their Cookies you cannot trust their entire menu... I knew this was too good to be true ;/
2	This review is for both Red Velvet Cafe locations.I'm not saying they don't serve delicious healthy food. I'm not saying their sweets are yummy. They are, for that, I'm giving 2 stars. However, I won't be returning to either locations again.http://www.reviewjournal.com/columns-blogs/jane-ann-morrison/cookies-might-be-too-good-be-trueTo summarize really quick, this article tells about how people LOVED Red Velvet Cafe's infamous chocolate cookies, which claim to be only 27 calories each. Too good to be true? Yes. A Las Vegas author had these cookies analyzed and found out they were actually 157 calories! So the six-pack of cookies Red Velvet claims to be only 162 calories is actually 942 calories. Read the article and judge for yourself.I've had Red Velvet vegan cakes many times, the ones that are supposed vegan and around 200 calories. As I try to stay fit and eat a sensible diet, I always appreciate establishments who offer vegan healthy alternatives. However, if I find a food I really want it, I'll buy it, sometimes regardless of if it's low-calorie. I'll eat a 900-calorie triple chocolate cake if that's what I really crave, but at least I KNOW how much I'm eating. I know that not all eateries provide their nutritional information on their food. I understand some recipes are kept secret. However, if you are going to be proud to claim how low calorie your delicious chocolate cookies are, they better be true! I just don't appreciate the dishonesty Red Velvet Cafe displayed. People rely on accurate information on what they eat, if that information is available. Now, I cannot trust anything Red Velvet Cafe says about any of their food. Can you? Their food may be delicious, but their actions left a bad taste in my mouth.
1	Food was alway okay... Figured I was eating heathy so it did need to be amazing. BUT I always enjoyed the "low calorie" cookies.  Only 27c each, and tasted great.  But they lied to us, THEY LIED TO US!!!!!! They are 160+ each.  Almost 1000 for the pack of six vs 170.  OMG. I will never go back to these scammers.
5	If you are reading this because you are wondering if you should eat here, the answer is yes.  Today I had the vegan bbq chicken sandwich.  It was amazing, not just amazing it was one of the most delicious sandwiches I've ever had, ever.  Then I had some of the vegan chocolate chip cookies.  With the risk of sounding dramatic, it was blissful.  I would love to go on and on about how amazing my lunch was, however, I will just strongly encourage you to go check it out yourself.  **You don't have to be vegan to eat here.  They have meat.-Enjoy!
5	Some of the most amazing vegan food I have ever touched to my lips. My friends and I are very picky when it comes to vegan food. This food has taste and flavor. Highly recommend it. Their vegan cakes are very good too.
1	http://www.reviewjournal.com/columns-blogs/jane-ann-morrison/cookies-might-be-too-good-be-true I finally have answers to my questions.... I emailed RVC several weeks ago asking for clarification of the peanut butter cookie calorie count. It raised a red flag to me because it didn't seem possible for a peanut butter cookie to only have 27 calories when the label on my jar of peanut butter reads 118 calories per 2 tbsp! (Yes I'm aware of other alternatives... But at the end of the day calories still don't add up... The 3rd party testing seems to back this and be pretty factual!)Maybe we're not all savvy bakers but something just wasn't quite right here! I'm not someone who counts calories or eats by a 'point' system but I do like to know what I'm eating. Like others have said if calories are being hidden, what else is in the food that shouldn't be? http://www.reviewjournal.com/columns-blogs/jane-ann-morrison/cookies-might-be-too-good-be-true
5	They are actually open til 9pm. They were nice and when we went to pay at 9pm they said we could stay and continue to chat for a while longer because they "would be there for awhile". Great food, excellent service. If anyone complains about this place then they probably think ihop and applebees are amazing. Go in, grab a table and enjoy yourself. Some people complain that they have to wait too long for service but lots of people actually enjoy talking to the company they are with and are there to relax, hence the "cafe" part?Just because the cakes are labeled vegan doesnt mean they taste any less than DELICIOUS! Food isnt loaded with salt and other junk so if youre used to processed junk then a lot of the dishes will taste a little odd to you but if youre looking for a delicious meal, snack, smoothie, or dessert that is relatively healthy for eating out, this is the place. They also make dishes how you like them. You can have them with meat or vegetarian style or vegan style.as far as the reviewer is complaining about hidden calories in the peanut butter cookies. Have you heard of PB2 or powdered peanut butter? They probably use that. Theres lots of alternatives out there. Get the facts before making accusations (not to say that there couldnt be hidden calories though). Theres also products like powdered soy milk. Maybe they use that as well.
1	I'm writing this after having been to the Sahara location multiple times in effort to give it a chance. During the times I visited, I had been vegetarian for nearly three years. I have had amazing vegan and vegetarian food and am more than familiar with the possibilities of vegetarian food. You CAN find good meat alternatives and "faux" meats. That said, this place is the absolute WORST when it comes to vegetarian food. I don't know one single item here that a vegetarian would willingly put in their mouth. This place is SO expensive for shitty food I could make in two seconds at home -- actually, scratch that, I would never make something so awful at home. I once ordered a "vegan" CRISPY buffalo chicken sandwich, and when I received it, it was a disgusting mass of soggy, god knows what "strips" that tasted like wet toilet paper covered in buffalo sauce, with some nasty shredded iceberg lettuce thrown in. I threw the entire FOURTEEN dollar wrap away. NOTHING was crispy and NOTHING resembled chicken -- not even soy chicken. I'm so surprised this place stays busy--let alone, in business--with the near dog food it serves its customers. Never, ever again.
1	The only reason to go here was the excellent low-calorie desserts. It turns out they lied about the calorie content and they are actually high-calorie excellent desserts. Check the stories in the newspaper for more info. I will never go here again.
5	Awesome tuna and arugula salad! I have been wanting to stop in eat at this place for a while and boy was I happy I did! The salad was loaded with Tuna, the greens were very fresh and the flavor nice and light. I really enjoyed the atmosphere, the service and the food was outstanding!
5	My first reaction upon trying the tiramisu cake was, "WHY DOES THIS TASTE LIKE THIS!?????"I literally said that out loud as i continued to stuff my face with all its tiramisuey greatness. I was seriously so confused and angry that an amazing dessert had been in my vicinity for so long and my taste buds were just now being introduced. It was huge (for me) so I was able to enjoy some for breakfast the next morning. best decision of the day was eating cake for breakfast. Anyways, the next day (last night), I was over in that hood with a friend and went back. Unfortunately they did not have the tiramisu cake, but they did have buy 2 cakes, get 1 red velvet cake free! whoooa, bros. The chocolate chip cookie cake was just as excellent!!! I am currently eating the red velvet cake at this moment and it's cool, but I'm not like red velvet fan #1. My name is CoCo, I know desserts, and I know you should go eat them here.
3	I stopped in at The Red Velvet Cafe for coffee and desert after eating next door at Swisha. That was a mistake, but that's an entirely different review. It's a small Cafe with two dining areas. One area is on the bakery side and the other area is in the kitchen side.The menu has many healthy options. I just came for desert on this occasion though. I had a chocolate brownie or cake, not sure what to call it. It was pretty good. I eventually went back to have lunch there and it was pretty good. I ordered their chicken sandwich with avocado. It was good. The place is a bit over priced. Probably because they are a vegan cafe.I read a review about this place misleading customers about the calorie content in some of their deserts. I don't put too much stock in the nutritional values listed at any restaurant. If I am counting calories, I cook my own food. It is the only way to accurately keep track.
4	Food is AMAZING!!! I was jeered by my friends upon suggesting we go there for lunch due to the "cookie calorie scandal" but honestly, who gives a crap about how many calories are in a cookie, I'm looking for great food and RVC has it!!! Four of us for lunch and everyone ordered different and everything was delicious! Service can sometimes be a litttle slow, but hey, this ain't McD's, so I'm good with waiting a bit for real food!!! Love love love their smoothies, panini's are top notch and the arugula salad is tdf!!! I finally tried the mac-n-cheese that has mixed reviews and while the flavor is great, it should be sold as pasta with cheese sauce since the consistency isn't at all like traditional m&c, but aside from that, LOVE this place!!!(and btw, any adult expecting a low cal cookie to taste like a 5star sugar fest is an deserves to be duped in my book... boy would I love to sell you a car or some swampland in Florida!!!)
3	After years of eating here, I'm writing my final review.  The food here is good, but I always leave feeling sick to my stomach.  I'm not a vegan, but I love vegan food and regularly ordered from both sides of the menu.  I think the food is overpriced, and the fact that I always feel sick after eating it has forced the decision to never go back.  On a more positive note, the desserts rock, but it was no surprise to me to see the articles come out about their calorie content.  This is not supposed to be a casual restaurant, but the decor, menu selection and quality of service you get here says otherwise.  In particular, I think the Fashion Show location has the absolute worst staff of waitresses of any restaurant in Vegas.  Overall, I feel the quality of food you get here is sub-par and overpriced and a restaurant like this would not last in a major city.
5	By far the best Vegan restaurant in town. What's even better is that you don't have to be a vegan or vegetarian to enjoy the tasty dishes. Prices are reasonable and they have a thoughtful beer and wine list. The deserts are not to be missed. The icing on the cake is the 5 star service I've received on each and every one of my visits.
2	Every time I've been here, this place is always always packed with the worst kind of people: usually upper crust business people trying out this new "vegan" thing. It's got a really snotty vibe to it, but I know the owners can't help who comes in. It does cause a super long wait for your food though.I've had quite a few of the wraps and the desserts. To be honest, I don't get what all the hype is about. I thought the food was pretty bland, kinda sloppy, and nothing to write home about. The desserts are "good" but whatever they use as sweetener (stevia?) leaves a weird aftertaste. If you're vegan, you have so many better options in this city. Take off the "Red Velvet" googles and go down the street to Whole Foods.
5	I've been here several times and love it. I'm vegetarian (mostly vegan, but not 100% of the time), and this place has so many options! My meat-eating friends like it too. The food is healthy overall compared to most restaurants. I read about the mis-quoted calorie content of the chocolate chip cookies (they are AMAZING by the way). I will continue to go here to catch up with friends over tea and cookies, regardless of the calorie count. All I can say is if you believed those cookies only had 27 calories per cookie, you are insane. Anyone who bakes can tell you that nothing that tasty has that few calories. Even vegan baking is FULL of sugar, oil and flour. Delicious but not healthy! Regardless, I still think this place is great, and I will eat up those cookies like there's no tomorrow! I just don't expect cookies to be healthy, even if they are vegan. It's a perfect spot to get together with friends for a meal. I highly recommend it!
4	Second time here! Amazing food :) a bit on the pricier range but is totally worth what you get! Will be coming back
4	I came too Red Velvet Cafe after good day at the gym looking for something healthy side for lunch. I have been here before but only too pick up some of there famous gluten free Red Velvet Cake. Not vegan so thinking about tasting gluten free Red Velvet had my doubts. I can tell you honestly not imagine healthier cupcake tasting this good. Since I was here had too take one home for dessert and taste was still just as good. I love the way they package all there desserts too go. Individual package in clear plastic containers that strong/clear see the dessert and presented with all the individual touch put into all the desserts. I ordered one more for my friends birthday and they nice enough gave me candle put in the same container.Not sure if they do it year round but they have special December specials of the month menu. The Grilled Chicken and Sauteed Vegetables Bowl caught me eye. Mention earlier looking for something healthy after putting my time in the gym. It was the perfect light, hearty, and healthy lunch. The pieces of chicken were grilled too perfection nice moist and nice size pieces. The combinations of vegetables was wonderful from the napa cabbage, snow peas, and everything cooked too a perfect al dente. It came with brown rice but asked the waiter if could substitute white rice. He more then happy too do it! It nice size portion in all so definitely left with full and healthy belly. My waiter was great he asked if ever been too Red Velvet Cafe before and even asked him suggestion either pasta or more stir fry. He went with the stir fry, Great choice.I went for lunch so it was pretty much empty and first glance thinking too myself if the place is even open. Literally no cars in front of the restaurant. Don't let that that stop you from coming in. Red Velvet Cafe has nice selection of different healthy choices. Sure plan on coming back after another workout or looking for something on heathy side. RED VELVET CAKE always always FAN for life!!!
4	I've only had their vegan chocolate chip cookies about 12 times in the last year. They're delicious. Being that they are a specialty item I think the $7 is worth it for 6 cookies.
5	I haven't experienced any of the negatives others have mentioned. The staff is always super nice, despite me looking silly and getting confused about which side I was supposed to order at.I was so excited, and a bit dubious, about the items being gluten free AND vegan. I can honestly say that the red velvet cake and the mocha cake are my favorite desserts, and would be even if I wasn't GF and vegan!!! Wowza. Seriously. My husband even approves! I didn't have any adverse reaction from cross contamination, either. Amazing- truly a dream come true!The only non-dessert food I've ordered so far is the taco salad (w/o shell) and even though initially I felt it was too expensive, once I got it I was amazed at how much good stuff was in it; that was one hefty salad!! It made multiple meals for me. Thanks for being so generous!!The only problem now is that I'm addicted and I can't afford to eat there every day. :)
2	I was going to this restaurant in its first 6 months of business being open (Sahara location).  This was before they even expanded their restaurant.  I will tell you exactly what you need to know, about going here or not.First, the customer service is and always has been TERRIBLE.  Back when the male owner was around, he would always chat with us and was very friendly.  But anyone and everyone else has always either been awkwardly quiet or just overall unfriendly.  You don't go here for the service... also don't call and ask questions over the phone.  That is a nightmare!  I can't count how many times I've just gone "Forget it!" after getting off the phone with them.Some of the desserts are really, really good.  The cookies in particular.  That's a plus.  There's a few menu items that are really tasty too (vegan soft chicken tacos).  But there's just as many other regular menu items that are a total miss (crispy chicken wrap).  Most of the time, we only go to pick up a dessert or two.Now, finally.  The great cookie calorie debacle of '13.  LOL.  Ok, so they lied about their calorie count.  I have always been secretly worried that they weren't upfront about all the desserts being vegan myself.  Now, without the calorie controversy, that wouldn't really sway me from going here.  However.... as one other yelper pointed out, if they could so easily and knowingly lie about the calorie count, what else are they lying about?  Do they use real butter?  Do they sneak in cheaper, non-vegan ingredients and still hike up the prices?I also need to point out that there may be a sanitary issue... I saw something here before that would get them a big fat F on a health department test...  So, just be aware of that.
1	Lost all credibility!We always knew the calorie counts at RVC were too good to be true...and it turns out we were right. The Las Vegas Review Journal recently tested the chocolate chip cookies and found each one had, on average, about 157 calories - nearly 6 times what was advertised!The food was ok, service left something to be desired, but outright lying about calories is deceitful and unethical.Unfortunately, I won't be revisiting RVC in the future.
1	I came here multiple times for the low calorie cookies and icing.  I feel deceived that they lied about the calorie count but can't say I was surprised when the truth unfolded.  I always questioned how they could make the cookies with such a low calorie count.  I even inquired about the ancient recipe.  They said for allergies you had to list specific ingredients and they would ask the chef if those ingredients were in the cookies.  I still love the cookies but haven't been here since the LVRJ wrote the article.  I will get the cookies for special occasions but definitely won't be enjoying as many as I used to.  For the Vegans out there...I would question their integrity now and wonder if some of their products are really truly Vegan?
4	You won't be disappointed with this place! Ate here with my bestie Carly R a little while back. Been meaning to post a review for a while now. The food, oh wow, the food. Where shall I start. ... red velvet cookies get a 2 thumbs up . I've never had an item I didn't tremdously like. Carly loved her BBQ meatless chicken.  Do be prepared to splurge$$$  it's definitely in the higher price point.  Even for Vegan food which is why I'm giving them 4 starts and not 5. Still in my opinion one of the best Vegan restaurant in town.
1	I thought this place was amazing when I first started going. The food tasted good and it was healthy. I love dessert and thought I really lucked out finding a place that had such delicious desserts for so few calories. After finding out their cookies had about six times the calories they were telling people, I was beyond upset. I ate those cookies several times a week for months. Gee, I wonder why I didn't lose any weight. I know now. I don't like being lied to and for that, I  won't step foot in there again...
5	Definitely one of my favorite veggie/vegan places in town. They have a huge menu and great drink selections- not to mention a SLEW of vegan desserts that are amazing. I love the Mexicano (espresso drink), the quesadilla, anything BBQ, and of course, the red velvet anything!
4	The food had always been good when I have gone the Servers also are friendly even if at times a little slow.  People need to get over the cookies had more calories thing you were eating cookies do you really think cookies are healthy,  It's a great place to go for a mixed group with meat eaters and Vegans.  The menu has great choices that everyone will be happy with.  It's a shame they have lost a lot of business due to the cookiegate scandal.
5	It was fantastic completely. Fantastic vegan food. There is something for everyone. There vegan deserts are the best things to indulge on. Who cares about calories there is no milk which is harmful to your health. Also service was fantatic. They were all friendly and greeted me whiling to serve. A+
5	Wow my first time here and im obsessed with this,place now! Food was excellent! I will be back soon!
5	We tried the red velvet cafe today and it was delicious! The restaurant was clean and the staff was friendly. I had the hummus vegan pizza and it was amazing!  I liked that they had options for everyone. I brought both my kids age 9 and they both loved it too!
4	Great food nice people yummy vegan food !! :D when I am back in Vegas def coming here again
5	The food here is amazing!!!!! Ive tried there buffalo vegan wrap, btw im not vegan but there vegan options are even better than eating actual meat :), there taco bowl,there pizzas are awesome! practically every dessert they have which is fabulous! Also they have excellent tea options as well!
5	My favorite hands down vegan option in Vegas. No one makes a piece of cake taste so amazing than they do! I make a habit of stopping in regularly just for the desserts. amazing! Please open a cafe in Green Valley!!
3	"Healthy Dishes, But Oh...Those Luscious Desserts"The food was solid, healthy --in concept, taste, and the feeling one has after eating. In the city known for its excesses, this was a welcome break. I appreciated the focus on having options --vegan, gluten-free and cleansing juices. Thoroughly enjoyed the Sweet and Sour Chicken (gluten-free) --that being said, don't expect it to be exactly like the belly-bloating wheat flour-coated, salt and sugar-loaded, fried in likely-rancid oil variety at other more, uhm, standard chain restaurants.But really, I visited (twice!) for the gluten-free desserts. Blood sugar and calories be damned! Thankfully I carry supplements to aid for these, ahem, dietary indiscretions.  Some happened to be vegan as well so kudos to inventiveness for those creations. The cakes were simply delicious--moist, flavorful, the perfect creaminess, and the joy that they brought. So my favorites in order:#1 Mocha cake (gluten-free)#2 Tiramisu (glute-free/vegan)#3 Red Velvet cake (gluten-free/vegan) Also got a Mexican mocha which was not as noteworthy.Service here was mixed, one great, the other time not so much. I did find that Thursday night crew to be stellar and welcoming.
3	I have been here many times and used to be a regular.  The recent calorie controversy kept me away.  Although I am still angry about that, I have been given recently with the desire to return.  No, not for desert but for the simple good healthy food.  Their buffalo chicken wrap is particularly good and I appreciate their veggie and gluten free options. The truth is that there are not many places that cater to these choices.  While not entrenched in either camp, I like to make those menu choices on occasion.  Service is good for me because they remember me.  Good is good not great.  Thankfully I have not seen the owners as I may lose control of my mouth. :). I so like the place though and if you are looking for veggie, vegan, gluten free specialities there are not a lot of choices
3	I have been coming here for many many years. I really like all of their cake options and variety. I am not going to lie. I think I have tried almost all of them! There are a few which have the same frosting (the sweet overkill one) and then some that have wayyyyy too much chocolate (I swear I love chocolate but this is overkill). The peanut butter and chocolate cake has gooey peanut butter and 1/2 chocolate ganache type frosting. Way too sweet and guilt inducing. It would still be good with less peanut butter and frosting. The cakes are very dense (If that's your thing) and a few times my cakes were dry. It was a disappointment. The gluten free cakes are OK but nothing I would drive from far and crave. Overall the red velvet seems to be my favorite. In terms of the food I can't really speak about the menu too much. I have only ordered the Vegan taco salad and it is very good. The meat is seasoned just right and it is a tasty salad. I have not tried anything else because I always go back to the taco salad. What turned me off was seeing them in the news that they lied to their customers about the calorie content. It was upsetting because I spent many years calorie counting and I think people rely on being told the truth so they can plan their day based on the calories. I would hope that they care enough for their customers to tell the truth but every time I ask about the calories I get the answer "We don't know." I think they need to be truthful.
4	The staff is always so nice, and the dessert is just amazing. Love going their and eating dinner then having some coffee with a cake, my little one loves it especially since I let him pick out our dessert, usually he always wants the Red Velvet Cake, since he loves strawberry's.
4	Red Velvet is a sweet little spot in the Fashion Show Mall.  It's really impressive to me that there is a place in a mall with all vegan desserts.  Furthermore, there are many options that are both vegan & gluten-free.  It's also really cool that everything on the menu of normal food items can be made both vegan, gluten-free, or both.  This is a great spot for a quick bite or casual meeting since there is really something for everyone.  My absolute favorite thing there is the Red Velvet cake (gluten-free and vegan, but you wouldn't know it) - go figure.  My Dad who is a serious dessert fan and definitely not vegan...and criticizes most of my GFV desserts said it was one of the best red velvet cakes he has ever had.  Seriously folks, the desserts do not skip a beat.  They are moist, dense yet fluffy, and amazing.I also tried a panini which was decent, but the nachos were a bit lacking on toppings.  That said, I keep coming back for desserts and I'm bound to find something I like more on the regular menu.
5	Great for health conscious fanatics... They serve it three ways: vegan,vegetarian or regular. The healthier you order the more expensive. I ordered the tuna salad sammich and chose the salad in lieu of baked chips, with a mojito tea. It was surprisingly satisfying!
5	I love this place!!! All options (except for shrimp?) can be made vegan or vegetarian on request. I had a delish vegan tuna panini melt. I was so impressed! Can't wait to go back and try more! Also, all of their cupcakes and cookies are all vegan!!!
3	I tend to agree with my friend, Clint on this one. Food is decent, but I think overpriced. The Red Velvet Cup Cake is good, and makes a great treat to bring to the office or to bring for individual deserts at a dinner party.Slow, but friendly service.  Friendly, because I used to be a regular. I used to frequent this place, but no more, and here's why.......The owner would tell me that he had to keep his price point " a little higher because all the ingredients were special, like free range chicken" and that "all produce was organic".One day I was going into Costco, and guess who I saw taking out a large commercial push cart? The owner of Red Velvet Cafe, Sonil Tolani. There on his cart was tons of Chicken, Meat, Produce, and other things needed to run a successful restaurant.  That's okay, but don't give this BS, that his ingredients are more costly because they are special. Bottom line: Again, read Clint's review; I think it is accurate, but read other "less than five star" reviews. This owner is less than truthful about other things, such as the calorie content of their food.
3	The peanut butter and jelly cake is to die for!!!!  The cookies are good, but the savory items on the menu are hit and miss. I try and stay with to-go desserts.
3	We heard a lot of great things about this place so we decided to venture out of our western summerlin bubble and check out the Red Velvet Cafe.  This place is frequently mentioned by friends as a healthy place to eat...Plenty of parking in the lot which is great.  The wait staff is very friendly.I had the Teriyaki chicken with veggies and brown rice.  It was flavorful but I keep thinking to myself, this can't be that healthy LOL.  Its probably packed with soy sauce.  My wife had the watermelon arugula salad w/o the cheese.  She said it was ok but we will give Red velvet the benefit of the doubt because cheese adds tons of flavor and she declined to have any.We shared a red velvet cupcake and it was pretty good.  The bread is not as spongy as we would like but its probably because of its healthy ingredients.The prices are a bit high so we probably won't be regulars.
5	Vegan fire fries.  also, vegan tacos are delicious. The cakes are delicious. Don't come here on a diet. :/ favorite place in Vegas to find vegan options hands down. The service is awesome. Everyone is friendly. Absolutely recommended. :)
5	This place is great for vegans and non-vegans alike. The food is awesome, and so is the service. Most of the desserts are vegan and most of the items on the menu are available prepared vegan. I come here regularly, because it is so good.
3	Not really a fan of this place. I got some dessert to go after a friend recommended it (very highly). It was a chocolate cupcake with strawberries and cookie pieces in it. The strawberries were tasteless but had a weird consistency to it...to the point where I didn't know what it was I was eating until I remembered there were supposed to be strawberries in it. I also thought it was way overpriced for what you get...something like $7-8! I didn't try their other food, but since they're known for their dessert I probably won't be back. The worker-bees are super nice and helpful and the place is clean and nice to go into though.
5	This is the place to go if you need to cater to people with different eating habits. vegan, vegetarian, omnivore, kids, all welcome here. I wish I had knew about this place when I was on my vegan diet, I might have last longer and not felt so isolated from not going out to eat with my non-veg friends. My favorite thing is the super moist vegan cakes and cookies in loads of different flavors!! Red velvet is my current favorite :)
4	I love the vegan food here. I've had a handful of different desserts and they are wonderful. I eat really healthy so when I eat dessert I want it to be rich and worth it. These desserts cake, cookies, smoothies alike are all rich and perfect for my sweet tooth! The only reason I didn't give five stars is because they serve meat and dairy. I wish it was a vegan only restaurant. Vegan food holds up on its own. People just need to get over their addiction to meat and enjoy this tasty food! To those worried about calorie count...cook your own food...that is the only way you'll ever really know. Eating out is a luxury not a necessity for dieting.
3	We enjoyed our food at the red velvet cafe.  Caprese salad was tasty.  We also tried a panini.  For dessert we shared a red velvet cupcake with there vegan butter cream frosting.  The cupcake was really moist and the frosting surprisingly good.  We were skeptical because we are used to cream cheese frosting on red velvet.  Service was friendly but slow.  Prices were a bit high.   Over all a 3 1/2 stars.
1	I feel that it is over priced, you can get 5 cookies which are good but small for $8.00 again over priced. The food is just okay, I have been twice but probably won't go back.
5	In from out of town and this place was recommended to me.From the first moment, we were greeted with a smile (Alex was awesome!) . The entire staff was friendly absolutely amazing. Great food and good selection for meat eaters (my friend ordered ("The Fresno") it looked amazing and he loved it. And great options for Vegetarian/Vegan. Highly recommended if you're in the area.
5	WOW. You guys, there were EIGHTEEN different, adorable cakes for me to choose from. We ordered half the menu and everything was great. My favorite were the wraps - super saucy and delicious. We went three times over the long weekend. I am still dreaming about those cakes and cannot wait to get back to Vegas specifically to eat here. Suuuuure, I'm excited about Monster Jam World Finals, but really, I'm way more excited about the cake. If they shipped, I'd be in trouble. Let me also mention that I plan whole vacations around vegan food regularly and this is one of my all-time favorite places ever (almost entirely due to the cakes, but the food is good, too!). I can't say enough good things about the cakes. Oreo cookie, Raspberry, Mocha, There were so many - I want to say we bought (and entirely ate) about seven of these mini cakes. Oh, and everything is cheap, too. I really love this place.
5	Not a fan of Vegan nor a Vegetarian. I do like this place, the staff is on top of things. The owner is super nice! The food is healthy, even for us non "V's"  and it is pretty good all around.
5	Nice place, only thing is it's on the opposite side of town from me.  Food was great and the gluten free desserts? WOW.  The peanut butter one is so crazy good you can't believe there's not any flour in it.  Will be back every time i make it to that side of town.
3	In the years I've been to this cafe, little has changed. That's not necessarily a bad thing. There are people who seek healthy*, organic choices all over town and don't have many places to turn to. Enter Red Velvet Cafe.When I say healthy, I don't mean everything is raw kale and seeds. I mean you have a choice. You can have a salad, you can take off dressings, and most things will be fresh and organic. There is consideration to dietary needs like dairy free, gluten free, and vegan. All you have to do is ask and specify.The menu is on the simpler side, as any cafe should be. Wraps, sandwiches, paninis, salads, and a few fancier entrees. I've usually stuck to the wraps. I've had them with a choice of salad on the side - before a giant spinach salad. Now a smaller mixed salad. The only item of note that I've had has been the grilled chicken sandwich with slaw on top. It is a melty, gooey mess of cheese and veggies on top of chicken. Fantastic!What originally brought me here was actually their selection of desserts. They are vegan! There is an assortment of cakes and bags of cookies, all friendly to someone lactose intolerant like me. I admit, the cake part of the cakes are dry, and the frosting is often far, far too sweet. The cookies are fine, though I have had better vegan cookies. My favorite cake, easily, is the peanut butter chocolate. It's basically an excuse to eat a pile of sweetened peanut butter with chocolate cake.If you're seeking a cafe with some mindfulness in its choices, this is your spot. Maybe one of the only ones around.
5	Chef Aneesha is as concerned about health AND great taste being equal. I'm neither vegan or vegetarian but the originality of the menu make Red Velvet Cafe a destination. And there is always room for the low-cal vegan desserts that taste like heaven.
2	I met someone here for lunch today, and ordered the spicy broccoli and kale with chicken ($13.95). It comes with brown rice, but I didn't want the carbs so I requested carrots and tomatoes instead. At this point, it would have been nice for the server to inform me of the $3.95 fee for the carrots, and $1 fee for a sliced tomato. I was expecting carrots and tomato to be added to the other veggies but they came out on separate plates...which I found odd, but whatever. It was excellent, albeit a little salty, but great amount of heat. I went to the restroom while my lunch date paid, and didn't realize my lunch was nearly $20 until we were already in the car. Not cool!! My other problem was, after putting my leftovers in the fridge, I opened it back up to find solidified fat....probably why it was so delicious, it was loaded with butter/oil. I've been here a few times because I thought I was making healthful choices...I feel slightly deceived.
2	The layout of the store is very strange and no one was at the counter when I was there. I ended up ordering the avocado spaghetti because the cashier said it was their best seller. I take a bite of my spaghetti and it's super bland. Like they just boiled spaghetti, added avocado, and oil...about two cups of it. This thing was dripping in oil. If you tilted your bowl down, you'd end up with a pool of oil. I would never come here again, very pricey as well. I think it was close to $15 for my plate. Very disappointed
2	I use to be a huge fan of the Red Velvet Cafe but that has changed. I went with a group of friends and of the six of us, no one but myself enjoyed their meal. However, 16 bucks for vegetarian tacos is ridiculous. It feels like the passion for good food with great ingredients, at a reasonable price has long since gone away.
3	I try to visit every time I'm in LV because I like the food here but I'm only giving 3 stars because of the controversy around their calorie counts. They used to say that 6 of their chocolate chip cookies were like 150 calories. They stopped doing this after a local news investigation...who sent their baked treats to a lab and found out that 1 cookie was like 127 calories. All in all, still good vegan baked goods but I feel cheated because they outright lied about their calories for so long.
1	I used to go there all the time (I mean 2-3 times per week) and always ordered a bunch of desserts to go. There were two male servers who were very friendly and helpful; however the owner always had a snotty attitude. I'm sorry but I'm spending about $100 a week here for my family and you have an attitude with me? Then I come to find out that they are a bunch of freakin' liars... I'll never understand how they could stand there and lie to my face about the nutrition info. I always had a feeling they were pulling figures out of their rearends; however my kids (and I) loved the desserts. Anyway, long story short, yes there desserts are great; however I would rather save my money and not get lied to and treated like crap.
5	I've eaten here several times in the last few years, and have enjoyed each experience. What I like best is that they will make a delicious vegetarian or vegan option for anything on their menu. This makes them stand apart from anywhere else I know of in Vegas.The only criticism I have is that they're closed Sundays. They would get more business from me - and others, I suspect - if they were open.
4	Best vegan cookies but the service is slow. The food is great. Taco salad and chicken pannis.
3	First time here, I ordered a Mexican latte, not sweet... had to put six packs of sugar and cream.  I also had a turkey avocado wrap,  it was average.
1	Taco Salad was nasty, the rice was under cooked with only 10 pieces of chicken and over drenched with hot sauce. The vegan burger was full of peppers and very familiar to a sloppy joe that lacked full flavor.The macaroni was watery and needed flavor and the baked french fries were as hard as concrete."Hated It" and you will too.
3	My first experience there was not that great. They took a long time to take my order, and they took a long time to make my order, however everything was freshly made so I understand it taking long to make. However, she asked what side I wanted and I said fries were fine. But she brought it to me with a salad. When I told her I had asked for fries, it took so long to make them, that by the time I got them, I was done with my food and I was full. The fries were so bland, nothing impressive whatsoever. And when I went to pay my check, they had charged me extra for the fries. Which she had made seem like it was part of the option of sided included in the meal. Anyway I gave them 3 stars because the "Fresno" chicken burger I ordered was incredibly amazing. I will definitely try again, only maybe I will order takeout next time. If the service improves I might update my review.
