4	You know those places that refer to themselves as Chicago or New York "favorites", but people from those cities have never actually heard of them?Well , being a Chicago native, I can tell you that Rosati's was not necessarily one of my "favorites", but it IS a place at which real Chicagoans eat, and it's pretty good!Not great, and frankly not even as good as the Rosati's in Chicago, but it's still a cheap and easy way to beam yourself out to the midwest for an hour or so.Stick with the thin crust pizza. Although Chicago is mostly known for it's deep dish, thin crust pizza cut in squares like ths one is actually what most Chicagoans eat on an every day basis.When people argue about "Chicago pizza" vs. "New York pizza" I always think they should use the thin crust pizza rather than the eep dish. It's much more easily comparable. Don't get me wrong, Chicago deep dish pizza is one of the country's greatest delicacies, but it's moe than just pizza, and for that reason it really can't be considered in the same conversation ith other pizza from around the country, or even around the world. Why did I just go off on that tangent? No idea...has very little to do with Rosati's.
5	May 2014 - I've been eating Rosati's for years now, and I'm a huge fan. I realize now that I was spoiled by this location. I also realize I've been giving away 5 star reviews more liberally the last few years and back when I reviewed this as a 4, I was a lot tougher of a critic on places. Since I wrote the original review below, I have been to Chicago and have eaten at all of the famous deep dish places, and this Rosati's beats em. I'm not kidding. Now the owner of this location has been here for years now, and he has done a fantastic job of staying consistent and awesome. I heard that new franchise owners go here to train. Not all Rosati's are created equal. Some are not up to par, but this location is the gold standard as far as I'm concerned. Even though I moved out of range for this location, the one near my house was not that great - so when I got the craving, I would go miles out of my way to get pizza here. Perfect every single time. I've now moved again and am even further away - the Rosati's near my house is from the Corporate side, and is also really solid so I may not go as far out of my way as often anymore, but I still will occasionally. Think of it this way - Rosati's prices aren't cheap, and most locations don't really have a sit-down experience that the food really deserves. This means to me that the ingredients quality is high. At locations where they stick with the program, it definitely is. This is one of them. Again - in my opinion, this is the gold standard for this franchise. I'm upping it to 5 stars - and these are well deserved. I'm only sorry that I let this location sit at 4 stars for so long. 3/22/2009 - Rosati's is under new ownership. Apparently, it was going downhill fast under the previous owner near the end. Now it seems to have been rescued and revamped. I haven't been inside, but I did order some delivery yesterday. I got a 12" Chicago style pizza... it was pretty damn good. It was a little spendy, but I'd say it was worth it. It fed me for two days. The pizza arrived hot, and the box it came in was actually pretty fancy for a pizza box. Their menu is pretty nice. I spoke with the owner when I called to order and he told me about what he's been doing. He's definitely trying to raise the bar and elevate this place to another level. I think he said he bought a few other spots as well. Since it's a little more pricey than Mama Mia's, I don't know how often I'll order from here, but it's a nice alternative. If you're a fan of Chicago pizza - this seems to be a solid place to get it.I'll update this review after I've eaten here a few more times.Edit: Okay, after eating here a few times, I'll say that I love their toppings, but the bread they use sucks. The pasta isn't terribly amazing either. It's good though. The delivery is fast and it arrives really hot and fresh. I'm still keeping it at 4 stars.
5	New owner's rock Rosati's! This location was going to hell in a hand basket. The new owner's have successfully resuscitated it! I had stopped going to Rosati's several years ago after repeated bad service, rude un - knowledgeable employee's, and lifeless products! Also I had inquired with the previous owner about doing a 400.00 catering order that I needed delivered by 11:15am. He told me they do not open until 11am so he wouldn't be able to do it! UGH what a stugots! Anyway on to the new. I received a fax that the ownership had changed and I thought what the heck, I will give it a shot. Some co-workers decided they wanted in. GO figure isn't that always how it is. I ordered the baked Mostaccioli lunch special it comes with a can of whatever Coke product you like. I added two meatballs. Plus a garlic bread stick. Total 7.50! Not bad at all I thought. Well it was a bargain and a half the dish is HUGE! It comes in a 9inch Togo pan! I shared with a co worker and still have tomorrow's lunch covered as well! The meatballs are very very good and I am damn picky about my meatball's. Just the right amount of marinara, noodles al dente, and covered in melted mozzarella! They got this dish right. My coworkers got the meatball sandwich's, that sucker is huge too! Smothered in melted mozzarella with fries and a coke 5.70! It was delish! I will be back. To try many other items, I will keep you posted. Almost forgot they have Eli's Cheesecake!!!!!! Note there is no dining in it is all carry out or delivery. 4 stars for the food quality, the 5th star is for the portion to price! The menu is huge so check them out on-line. www.rosatisonthomas.com
5	Yah, Rosatis is the bomb.  Home delivery:  Pepperoni with sausage and bell peppers, with a 2 liter of diet coke. It's the perfect pedestrian pizza.   We ask for light oregano, from time to time they overdo it with the sprinkles.
4	Phone order-Carry out. Friendly greeting. Redeemed coupon found on-line over the phone, with no probelm.  Pizza was heavy and loaded with toppings. Only wish I had requested extra-sauce. Hand-tossed sucked most of it up. Perfectly cooked. Side of wings and breadsticks were also good. Not unreasonable prices. Definitely a couple days worth of leftovers. Even received a follow-up courtesy phone call to check if everything was satisfactory. Well done Rosati's. I'll be back!
3	Fist let me say I'm a pizza snob from back east but I had high hopes for the new owner of Rosati's as he's from Chicago.  We got a flyer on our door with a menu and a special offer of 3 free side orders if we ordered one of their specialty pizzas as he guarenteed we'd become second time customers.  Not going to happen.  As soon as I smelled the pizza I just though of Pizza Hut and it tasted just the same.  Rosati's gets an A for effort but I will be sticking to Mamma Mias for a cheap pizza plus joint that's close to home.
4	Another excellent experience! Pleasant greeter on the phone. Redeemed coupon found on line for FREE order of wings, breadsticks, and 2 liter, with any 18" pie. Loaded with meat, piled thick with cheese, excellent sauce base, crust perfectly crispy on the bottom. This place delivers up very substantial pizzas. No skimping here! You will get your money's worth of food, and then some! Well done Rosati's on Thomas! Keep up the good work!
4	I love a good NY type pizza.. & I may just be a pizza snob., so upon moving to PHX , my friend ordered this in a pinch for caloric intake bc it was near our hotel..I've loved Rosatis ever since... I'd love for them to add some more variety to the salad selections.. But hey.. I'll take the awesome pizza & make my own salad...
5	Rosati's? Out west?  Forget about it.  If you're in Phoenix and you like pizza you better order Rosati's.  If you don't it better be because you're busy eating right now at Oregano's.  Thin crust all day
4	Being a Chicago native, I think this is the best pizza AZ has to offer, or at least of what I've tried.  They are a staple for me and I hope there is a franchise on the west side too!
1	Fail. Whale. Ok, I know this is not twitter, so there isn't REALLY a fail whale. But if this was, they would get one.We got a menu from them on our door, so after getting back from vacation and being completely jet lagged, we ordered.I was on hold on the phone a while. No biggie. Finally, they took my order.  We both went for calzones. I figured it was the easiest way to ensure it was vegetarian.WRONG.Not only did it take over an hour to show up, AND they charged us a delivery fee (so two calzones became over $20!), but the sauce had a very heavy meat taste. One bite, and I couldn't eat anymore. Not only that, but because they put the sauce IN the calzone as well as on the side, I couldn't eat anything.  I tried to nibble the crust.My partner, who is not veggie, LOVED her calzone, and killed in in about 5 minutes. Both of us then spent the rest of the evening in bed, moaning and groaning with stomach aches, and there may have been a few trips to worship the porcelin gods as well.Fail.
5	Rosati's is a Chicagoland staple. I used to order from Rosati's about every week around the mid 80's until they went downhill. Twenty years later I find out that the owner's from the Rosati's I used to patronize moved to Arizona. Ok - that explains everything.We ordered a couple of large pizzas for delivery yesterday when we had some friends over. We ordered a thin crust sausage, onion and greenpepper which was delicious and a half pepperoni and half vegetarian which I was told was excellent. They even delivered on time, we asked for a 6pm delivery and they delivered. Best pizza in the Biltmore area.
1	well lets start with I ordered Rossati's and received it about 5 minutes ago. I ordered an Italian Sausage sandwich, chipotle chicken strips, and a pizza puff. I opened the sandwich to find a piece of sausage and bread, no sauce nor cheese, nor onion, nor anything else that 199 out of 200 times an Italian sausage sandwich comes with (and the menu did not specify it came as a completely dry sandwich). So next I open the chicken strips, and they were actual wings. Now these were for someone with braces who cannot easily eat wings because of them. The bones break them very easily. So now I have dry empty sandwich, the other person has food she really can't eat. So i open the pizza puff...which feels like 2 lbs in a 2in x 2in pastry...incredibly grease soaked. Needless to say I will no be ordering from here again.
2	Well this is the second time I've written about this place. I still have to say it's just not that good. I ordered pizza, wings, and cheese sticks today. Cheese sticks you can't really mess up, and the wings were pretty good, I got the chipotle bbq. The pizza on the other hand, well the toppings were good, I got the bbq chicken, but the crust was just plain bad. It tasted like some cheap premade crust you buy at safeway or something. I also tried a burger from there not too long ago which I would give a 3/10....All in all I don't think I'll be ordering from this place again, I've given it 3 chances and they gotten 3 strikes...in my book that means you're done.
1	This place gave me the poops. I wasn't gonna be so direct but someone else in here said it gave them stomach pains, so I thought I'd throw it out there. I had a cheese pizza. The plainest pizza available, and it made me poop out of my ears.This Rosati's does not taste as good as other Rosati's - I've eaten at the location in Maricopa, which is AWESOME, and a couple of locations in the Chicago area, which are inherently awesome. I notice that there are two Rosati's websites: rosatispizza.com and myrosatis.com. I don't know why, but the good Rosati's I have been to are under rosatispizza.com, and NOT myrosatis.com. They both have different locations listed.
1	We have tried this place twice.  Both times have been horrible.  We stopped in and stood at the counter for about 10 minutes while the girl ignored us.  Finally, after an excuse me, she helped us.  Maybe their other food is good, but the salads were horrible.  There was about a 1/2" of water in the bottom of the bowls, the large salad I ordered was the same size as the dinner salad at twice the price.  Whatever they put in it was awful tasting.  I would not recommend, at least the location at 40th St & Bell to anyone.
1	If I could give this dump zero stars I would. This particular Rosati's is THE WORST IN THE ENTIRE CHAIN. THE SERVICE IS AWFUL. They frequently don't have items listed on their menu; I'm gonna take a guess that whoever manages this Rosati's has about a 6th grade education. Remember the "egg noodles and ketchup" Rat Liota talks about at the end of 'Goodfellas'? This is the place he was talking about.
2	Being the closest pizza place close to my house i've eaten here a handfull of times almost always with regret. Pizza is ok and the pasta dishes are horrible. Service is questionable? There is never anyone up front takes at least 5 minutes for someone to help even after ringing there little bell. One bright note is the italian beef sandwich it is amazing but not worth the trouble getting considering everything else there is sub par. Just don't expect to much!
5	This place was absolutely amazing! The pizza was great and they even called me a few days later to see how everything went.  I will be using them again.
5	This is the best pizza chain in Arizona!  I'm from Chicago and was thrilled to see that Rosati's made their way out to Arizona.  If you're looking for a good combo on your pizza, try italian beef and giardiniera.
4	I usually don't bother writing a review on "quick" food types of places because I usually feel pretty neutral about it, kind of like just whatever... But it was late, like 10:30 and I was desperately craving a meatball sandwich. This place was the only place open AND on the plus side they delivered so I gave it a shot. I didn't expect much, just wanted anything with meatball and marinara (I get these cravings you know) and I ordered a meatball sandwich and the breaded mushrooms. First let me say the girl who took my order was very sweet and didn't seem bothered by my late ordering and not knowing the menu (especially considering her shift was probably coming to an end) and second the delivery was VERY fast considering they've never been here and it's really hard to find because there's no sign that says the name of my apartments and the address number is no where to be found on the building either (it's a small place tucked behind a few business and houses, sometimes I wonder how I even get my mail) anyways.. The sandwich was great, I figured end of night I was probably going to get the last of whatever's been cooked already but to my surprise it tasted very fresh. Most of all I was impressed with the meatballs, I'm usually disappointed with most meatballs from most places, but was thrilled to find that these were good ones. They were big, hearty, and tasted like they are homemade. Even if they are not, they are better than most, that's for sure. The sandwich had just enough sauce, not too much to where the sandwich was too messy & to soggy. Enough to where I could eat the whole thing with my hands (like a sandwich should be eaten) and without the sauce & insides falling out all over the place. I was not too impressed with the mushrooms because they were watery when I but into them & kind of bland. But that meatball sandwich was so freakin awesome that I might actually just start ordering them again, from here obviously, because I know I won't be disappointed and on top of that they are only $6 bucks. That is a smokin deal for this one and I can tell you it blows subway out of the water. Next time I'm feeling "meatball" anything I'm going to order from here, maybe try something new next time but definitely something with meatballs. They really nailed it! Yay!
4	We ordered pizza last night for dinner from www.myrosatis.com... Other than the young girl on the phone that didn't know her streets well the service and food was excellent ! We had a 16 inch deep dish pepperoni and sausage pizza, we received the pizza on time and hot & fresh ... It's so nice to get pizza delivered that good!  I would recommend getting some for yourself
5	The pastas are a hit - the carbonara is covered with the angriest, most intimidating chunks of bacon I've ever seen. Cheesy smokey bacon heaven. The garlic breadsticks are yummy, too.If your service sucks or you have a bad experience, try tipping more. This holds true to just about any restaurant. Behold the power of the 30% tip.To recap: I know no one that works here, have only ordered here 4 times, and they treat me like a close friend when I call.My food gets here incredibly quick (20 - 30 minutes when they quote an hour) and they usually hook me up with free delivery and little odds and ends they think I'd like (free mozzarella sticks, some breaded mushrooms).
4	Great Chicago style pizza.  They are odd with their systems.  Yes, explanation coming.  I ordered using a groupon and did it through the website as I thought it would be easiest.  Of course after ordering using the Groupon, the instructions said to call the order in.  Go figure.  I arrived and at first they were not going to take the Groupon because I did not call the order in.  I was told it was something to do with their systems.  Pretty funny and ridiculous, I was about to tell them if that was needed, to cancel the web order, and I could stand there and call in same on the phone so it wouldn't be an issue with the Groupon.  Some of these businesses are so funny how they sound when they say this drivel.  I stood my ground and said that if they would not honor the groupon to cancel the order.  DOH.  They worked their magic, made me pay the sales tax and I was on my way.  I got home and the pizza was true Chicago style, real tomatoes none of that pressed stuff, and the ingredients were fresh, the peppers had that tiny bit of crunch you crave along with the homemade sausge.  I think i got the fantastic four or something...sausge, peppers, onions, whatever.  It was very good.  For takeout, dominoes step to the side, that is if I'm not too lazy to get in the car to pick it up.
2	Being so close to Rosati's I've always wanted to try their food. The reviews have kept me away, but when GroupOn offered a deal, I figured this would reduce my risk. As a fan of thick crust, I ordered the "Double Crust" Deluxe Pizza and a Meatball Sandwich. I will say the pizza toppings were quality, the amount of cheese and flavor respectable. However, what makes a pizza is the crust, and I'll say I've had better crust on frozen pizza. The actual crust was more of a cracker like consistency, and was barely higher than the toppings. And the clincher was, I couldn't even pick up the pizza without the toppings and cheese falling off. Pizza isn't hard to make and they failed.The Meatball Sub was a little better, again the ingredients were tasty, but the bread--soggy, wouldn't stay together. Eat it with a fork. Oregano's Meatball sub is far far better for the same price. Sorry Rosati's I wanted to like you, but there's too many better choices--even if I have to drive further.
1	Called in to place delivery order , person who answered must be new because she had absolutely no clue about the menu or prices, provided incorrect info about the price of toppings..  I ordered a "CHICAGO DEEP" , waited about an hour and and was delivered a thin crust pizza,  driver said keep the pizza, took one bite and the crust was UNDER COOKED..  I called them and they sent me the deep dish I ordered and that too was very undercooked. Not enjoyable at all..Can't give them even one star because the service and food sucked. Only plus would have been of that free thin crust I got was edible.  Ive ordered here before, don't know what happened to this place.. I'll go to le grande orange next time.
4	This was my first time calling for delivery with this restaurant and the food was amazing along with the quality, taste, temperature all of these things made it worth the phone call.
3	As previously mentioned, that fettuccini carbonara is bangin'!!! Did they cook bacon and 'shrooms into the sauce and then sprinkle additional bacon only to top the thing with entire strips of bacon!!! Um, yes. That's what they did. It was phenomenal. As was the chicago dog, crinkly fries and greek salad. Nom nom nom!
4	I have only ordered the pizza, both the chicago style deep dish (woah, I could only eat a piece and a half!) and the thin crust.  Each Rosatis in my experience is different.  I used to love the one in Gilbert, hated the one on Shea and and 116th area, and finally after a slew of late night dominos orders remembered to try this location in Arcadia.  I was not disappointed, they do a great job, and I love that they deliver late night which is usually just when a massive pizza craving strikes!
1	It's really sad that the food is so good here, but the quality of service is so terrible. On more than one occasion, I've had items missing from my order and been forced to return to the store to retrieve the missing items. The most memorable one went like this:1. Order lunch for my office from Rosati's. 2. Drive to pick up the order.  Ask if both sandwiches are in the bag. Receive confirmation that the entire order is there.3. Foolishly believe them, choosing not to open the stapled bag.4. Return to the office and discover that the Italian sub is, in fact, missing from the order.5. Drive back to pick up the wayward sandwich.6. Return to the office (again) and discover that the "Italian" sub is a roll with lettuce, tomato, and dressing.7. Drive back (third time!) to Rosati's to have them actually make an Italian sub, while the rest of the food gets all cold and gross.8. Receive exactly: one (1) half assed apology; zero (0) offers to refund the sandwich that screwed up my lunch hour; zero (0) offers to remake the other food that is slowly congealing while waiting for the SIMPLEST item in the whole order; and one (1) confused look when I asked if I could at least have a free drink or something for my trouble.9. Be ignored by management while trying to correct the situation in the following days.10. Never, ever go back. I don't care how good your garlic calzones are Rosati's! It's not worth it!**I think these are franchised, so it might only be this location that is so, so very sad. They might also not be a terrible choice if you are only getting one thing and eating it there - you know, so you can supervise their idiocy and correct it promptly.
1	Horrible service, they keep delaying the delivery of our order, they say they arrived and called with no answer to buy more time, when called to complain got hang up on, DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE PS: I'm not an ex-employee
1	Add me to the list of people with MAJOR issues on the delivery accuracy and customer service on this place. People in my office used to order from here all the time. At least 4 or 5 times each week - sometimes several deliveries in one day. And we considered it one of the best delivery options we had.Then orders started getting messed up. More often then they were right. More people here refuse to order from Rosati's than are welcome to take the risk - knowing it's more than likely they won't get what they ordered or how they ordered it.About six months ago, I ordered for three of us - and there were several issues. When I called, a woman claiming to be the manager offered me a $10.00 credit.When I called for the next delivery and tried to get the credit, there was no record of it.My last straw was last Monday. I thought I was brilliant by ordering online - where I could specify anything specific and it was all in clear print - no chance to mess up, right?  HA! I ordered a an Italian beef sandwich with peppers, onions and light mozzarella; a small Greek salad and a brownie for me. Also got cheese sticks with marinara for one coworker and the "duo" (shown on the menu as fried mushrooms and zucchini) with ranch for another.Delivery came in one hour, 15 minutes. Everything was lukewarm, including the salad. The cheese sticks were barely edible. The duo came with cauliflower instead of zucchini (would not have been ordered at all if cauliflower had been advertised) and the ranch was missing. The mushrooms were referred to as glue by the coworker who ate one, and threw away the rest. My sandwich was OK. Not great, but OK. And the salad was fine - after I put it in the fridge for a few hours. I'd love to tell you about the brownie - but it wasn't with the order.I called and spoke with a gal who claimed to be the manager. She offered me a credit, or she could send a driver back with the ranch, some zucchini and my brownie. No luck with the last credit I was offered - and I really didn't want to wait another hour for ranch (no longer needed, as the food it was requested for was thrown away) and my brownie. I asked those items be refunded to my credit card.I was told the owners would call me the next day.That was over a week ago.Rosati's on Thomas - I am sad to say you have worked your way onto my DO NOT CALL list. My coworkers were right. I was wrong. Enjoy my money - you won't be seeing any more of it. And I can't think of anyone from my office who disagrees at this point.
4	Pizza pizza how I love my pizza so much!!!After hearing so many good things about Rosatis I had to order. First thing looking at the menu I really liked the variety of pizzas, appetizers and toppings you are able to order. +After ordering I found the operator imputed my address in wrong and it took a little over an hour an twenty to get the pizza. I understand it was an honest mistake but didn't feel good.Down to the pizza! The pizza I went with was the deep dish pep and sausage. Great choice!!! This was a legit deep dish pizza. A great blend between the meat and the sauce. The crust was thick like I like it! The pizza was cooked to perfection and wasn't affected by the delay with my order. Have to say I will DEFINITELY BE ORDERING AGIAN! Hope the feedback was helpful.... Enjoy fellow yelpers!!!
4	I decided to try this place upon receiving my new 2014 Entertainment Book and finding a coupon and reading some of the reviews on Yelp. I figured the discounted price would make up for any bad service or what have you but I found as many of the more recent reviewers have noted that this place is under new ownership and is completely separate from the other Rosati's now. They do seem to have a few bugs to work out but all of the staff was very friendly and the Pizza was great. The manager on duty (young bald guy) was really cool. The place is geared mostly to take out and delivery but they have a few tables and even brought out the order to us. I would definitely recommend this place and will go back again and would like to try some of their pastas.
1	Food is good but has terrible service!!!! This is the third time in a row that  they mess up my order. First time, I ordered for pick up. When I showed up to pick it up, it turned out that the delivery driver had accidentally taken my order with him and I ended up waiting over 30 minutes for him to get back and get my food.  Second time I order for delivery. They showed up after an hour and 15 minutes and forgot half my order. Third time I ordered,  same thing happended. They took forever and forgot my drink and side of pasta I ordered. Seriously over this place and not ordering from here again. The food is not worth the hassle.
4	I've been craving pizza and Rosati's seemed like the perfect place to satiate that need. We had a promotional discount for a thin crust pie with two toppings. Seemed like a great match for a Friday night. Driving up we realized this was more of a joint to call ahead and take the pie home. No biggie tho, the pizza was delish! There are a few tables inside, with very basic fluorescent lighting and close proximity to the register . (There are a few iron wrought tables outside.  I may have missed if there were napkins or supplies there.)The cashier asked if we had called ahead. (Super chipper and pleasant.) The toppings aren't listed on the wall so we stepped aside to review the menu. The wait time was approximately 20 minutes. Everyone was super helpful and nice.I have no basis for comparison of a Chicago thin style crust pizza. I hail from New York. I can tell you this thin crust pizza was crunchy and cut into perfect squares and I very much enjoyed it. My topping options were equally distributed underneath the cheese. (I went with pineapple and jalapenos). There weren't any goopy sections in the middle where the pie crust wasn't crispy. Yum!I'd definitely do this again.
5	I'm new to the neighborhood and was craving Italian food. This place was just a couple blocks away. I ordered the food and paid through YELP.I ordered meat ravioli, 2 meatballs, and a side salad.The food was excellent. I received a text message that it was ready, walked in and walked out. That was easy.I did have time to look at their extensive overhead menu board. Next time I want to try the baked lasagna, if I don't try my favorite: thin crust pizza.This restaurant is not what I'd call dine in unless your happy on a counter stool at a window counter.
4	This is the best pizza in Arizona, which I guess isn't saying much since Arizona is really lacking in good pizza. I love their Chicago deep dish and thin crust, though I think I prefer their thin crust. Their thin crust reminds me of one of my long-time favourite pizza places in Chicago. The people who work here have been nothing but awesome the two times I've been here.
1	Possibly the worst staffed Pizzeria in the valley. It's one of those things where the ONE and only job they have; they screw up. First of all, I was amazed at how many staff members were there just milking the clock, not even taking orders while disregarding the line of customers. I wonder what Cory (owner) thinks about that. As I realize this, I start taking a look at the cleanliness of the place, and it was nowhere to be found, the place was filthy. With that staff they should at least be able to wipe the counters.My 12" pizza took about 30+ minutes to get done, because they probably forgot to make it in the first place. The guy working the oven didn't seem to realize that the longer the oven stays open, the longer it will take the pizza to bake. He was just playing with the pies, and the oven stayed open about 4/5 of the time.By the end of the worst pizzeria experience I've ever had, I wanted my money back.... it took them another 10 minutes just to produce a "voided" receipt. I saw grown men working there who couldn't process a simple money back request. You only had one job... I feel sorry for the owner, he's losing money to a mediocre staff.
1	Total delivery fail.  I'm stuck at home doing work today and can't leave.  I ordered a salad online and was told 45 - 60 minutes.  Fair enough.  An hour and twenty minutes later I call, spend 6 minutes on the phone, and learn that the salad is ready and will be going out soon.  No explanation.  It's still not here.  When the result is waiting 1 1/2 hours for a salad when 60 minutes was the outer end of the delivery time, maybe no explanation would do.Update: Arrived one hour later than the latest possible time I was quoted at the time of order.  There was no chicken in my chicken caesar salad.  2 hours to move a salad 2 miles and then to get it wrong; this is why Yelp exists.
5	Delivery to Howard Johnson's because we didn't have a car. The sauce on our sandwiches were wonderful!  They split a large salad for us!  They made our stay a little easier!!  Thank you!!!
5	My problem with this pizza is that it is too good. When I order, and I do often, I have to ask them to go easy on the sausage. Still, each and every bite has a bit of the most wonderful sausage you could ever want.I am a Chicago native. I am always struggling with my weight, and this place does not help with that cause.
2	I'm doing two because the guy I talked to was nice and the driver as well. However this pizza. Not to great. It arrived lukewarm at best. I live less the a mile away. I asked for the meat to be separate (ordered a half and half), first bite, got a bite of meat. fed it to my dogs. They didn't like it. Soooo I donno...
5	This is the closest thing to Chicago pizza in AZ. Our only issue has been some delivery drivers who take too long but the food is amaze balls and it is our go to spot for pizza in Phoenix. Their wings are soooo good too! Italian beefs are ok but can be great if they were using the correct bread.
5	Wonderful food.  Good portions..great price.  Ours was delivered and arrived hot.  Will recommend to anyone who will listen.
1	This place has terrible service!  They cannot deliver a pizza in under an hour and always say it's a few minutes away if you call to check on it after waiting an hour and a half..  If it weren't for the fact that no other pizza places around here deliver as late, I would never order from this place!
1	Always takes forever and they have forgotten some of my order and still charged me for it THREE TIMES. The third time I called the store and they brought the pizza ... OVER AN HOUR LATER. Legitimately HATE this place. Pizza isn't bad though.
1	Until I get a return call from a manager I cannot give more than 1 star. I have coming to Rosati's awhile since I moved into the neighborhood a few years back. I typically do pick up because I've noticed deliveries are usually a mess. Even when doing pick up I ALWAYS have to remind them of things - "I paid for an extra ranch" (which is a must if more than 1 person is eating), "I ordered a bottle of soda", "The person on the phone said 45 min and I've been waiting an extra 1/2 hour over that amount of time... just sitting here". It's walking distance from my house but since the weather was crappy I decided to have them deliver so I wouldn't have to leave the house. Even more disastrous than the pick up issues. The order was wrong and cold... I mentioned I live walking distance? Literally a 3 minute drive away - no idea how food could possible get cold that fast. I called and asked them to return with the part of my order they forgot - they said it would be another 30 minutes along with a laugh at my frustration (more than once). I asked if it would be that long that they just return with my money and I'd give them the food back. I asked to speak to a manager - they gave an over-explanation of how the owner went home with family health issues. After asking that a manager call me when back in the girl (Valerie) magically changed her mind and decided it would be only 15 minutes (still ridiculous). 20 minutes later they called me back to let me know they didn't have my address, and 10 minutes after that I finally had my complete cold, mediocre meal. With a rude 2nd delivery on top of all that. After the phone argument I don't even trust to eat it.Don't go here. The pizza is only okay and by the time you even get your food you could make your own pizza from scratch. You'll notice they never reply to negative reviews on here - it's because they have no excuses for the bad customer service and they have no intention of fixing it.
1	Ordered pizza and wings online.  Delivery driver left a message on my phone that she left the food at my front door.  No food at my front door.  I called the delivery driver's number that was on my caller id....no answer until I blocked my number.  Delivery driver claimed to have left the food at the front door and someone must have walked by and taken it (My front door is not visible from any walkway so very doubtful).  Called the store and they told me there was nothing they could do until a manager got there an hour later--and again said that someone must have walked by my apartment and took it.  Got a call about 45 minutes later from a gentleman down the street to let me know that my food was sitting at his door when he got home from work.  I called the store back and told them that the delivery person delivered it to the wrong address.  POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE.  Someone needs to teach their employees that you DO NOT blame the customer for YOUR mistake.  Will NEVER order pizza from this store again.
4	Much better than Mamma Mia's. The Chicago style is the best!
4	This is the closest that we displaced Chicago natives can get to real Chicago Deep Dish. Little tip, always go to this location. It's near my work, so most of the time I go here, but I was at the one on Power road twice and twice the sides of the pizza collapsed (a sign that they don't know how to construct the pizza) and the breaded mushrooms were too dark on the outside and raw on the inside. There is nothing quite as lovely as raw batter surrounding your mushrooms. I also went to the one in Chandler once, the pizza was ok, but the staff wasn't very friendly. I had my 3 yr old grandson with me and when he smiled at a staff member, the guy looked at him like he had three heads. I'm not saying gush all over the kid, but damn a smile wouldn't hurt. I do recommend that you only get the pizza though. I tried a chicken sandwich once and it was awful.
1	I have ordered Rosati's for quite some time now from my work due to them accepting Value Card which is why we order from them. We have never had any problems (minus having to wait quite a bit longer than what was told our pick up times would be) until the other day. I had a pretty large order totaling about $175.00. Everything was great, went to pick up the food and everything was actually ready on time. The cashier went over the receipt and made sure all the food was there. Drove the 10 miles back to work, started to undo the bags (which are stapled shut) and what do you know, there is a Rosatis salad missing along with a second side salad we had. Upon opening the pizza box, one of the pizzas was supposed to have been thin crust but all of the pizza was regular crust. I called Rosatis back immediately, the cashier talked to the cook who admitted to making the pizza normal crust. Also we sere charged for "double dough" on the meat mania pizza, however we did not ask for a double dough, but it was also just made with a regular crust. I asked if we would get a credit for this and the cashier said she cant offer a credit so i requested to speak to the manager. The manager (Javier) got on the phone, i explained again what happened. He was willing to only give a $20.00 credit for the inconvenience. There were two salads missing and 2 incorrect pizzas. The pizzas we ordered were more than $20.00 each. I didn't understand why they would give less credit than what the value of what I ordered. I asked since they are crediting me less, they should step up their customer service and deliver the food that was made incorrectly and not even given to me period due to the inconvenience. Javier then said "oh god, are you serious?" I have never had such horrible treatment from a manger, Javier then said he was not the manager. I asked to just speak with the manager and Javier said "fine how about a $30.00 credit." Finally after requesting for a good minute to speak with the manager Javier then said there was no manager there and told me that the managers name is Johnny but wouldn't be in until the evening. I do no understand how this company can have such horrible customer service.
5	I used to work here, I also grew up on rosati's in the burbs of chicago. This place is legit. If you're complaining about wait times for delivery, maybe you need to realize there are times when there are 4 drivers and 20 deliveries on the board. Theres not even enough space in the oven sometimes to get everything in. If you really were so turned off by it, drive your happy ass in and pick it up.On to the food, its always on point. I dont get anything special anymore but I used to get the monster and the combo pizza, now Im just a cheese and sausage guy. Doesnt matter what you choose though, its gonna be good. Even the kitchen food is good(sandwiches, pastas, chicken).You can always count on a good combo or italian beef sandwich.Hope you'll overlook the critics who cant forgive human error and "outrageous wait times". If its gonna take an hour+ during dinner for delivery, doesnt that tell you they're busy because they're good? Take it from someone who worked here, these owners know what they're doing. You cant please everyone...AlPs, sorry about the hang up, swear my phone reception is dog shit in my apt!
5	What a great place with an amazing staff. We have been ordering here for years. I have ordered as small as a side of meatballs (which are delicious) all the way to major family events catered. The food is always amazing, the service is always professional, and I am always pleased. Check out their menu. You might be surprised how much of a variety their menu offers. Highly recommended
5	Very courteous service, very delicious cuisine, and a very phenomenal experience over all. I highly recommend if you're on this side of town and need pizza.
4	I have been pretty addicted to this place the last few months and always seem to get a pizza or calzone at least twice a week. I'm a big fan of both the Chicago deep dish and thin crust when it comes to the pizzas. I have experienced pickup issues with the people on the back being on their cell phones when my pizza sat there ready to go.
1	The food is good, not excellent.  Stay away feom getting your food delivered, you will wait 1.5 hours and every time they will forget at least half your order. If the kitchen is this understaffed,  hire more people. I will NEVER order from here again because the last 3 times the service was late, they forgot half the order and its just not worth it.
3	Thin crust pizza is great. I always get the Meat Mania. Staff is really nice every time I stop in. Only thing I dislike is that when I called to order no one told me the specials. When I got there for my pick up I saw all the special, which were great deals for basically the same price I paid for a large pizza. I suggested next time I call to state the specials but I was told that if we don't ask it was ordered no to suggest a special.  So basically if you don't ask for a special they won't inform you of them. Bad customer service to me but it won't stop me from going back. The cashier was nice and gave me coupons and Rosati's buck for my next order.
4	I'm conflicted.Moved here from Chicago a few months ago.  I'm sad to say that this is the best Pizza in town. Sad, because I should have a very hard time choosing a favorite. There is no competition here. Rosati's is the only choice for Chicago-style pizza in Phoenix.    I'm very concerned, though, with the awful reviews that have been buried in the "not recommend reviews" section.  There is common theme among the filtered reviews, and the fact that they've all been filtered is very suspicious.  I don't support businesses who pay yelp to "re-organize" their reviews(hide bad reviews).  It's very deceptive and ethically deplorable.  You have to take the good with the bad. Don't go crying to Yelp when your customers are dissatisfied.
1	Ordered the double dough pizza for takeout. Got home, 3 of us had a taste, 3 of us hated it. It was dense and difficult to swallow. When we called back to see what they could do for us, we were told that the best they could do is half off our next order. (There wouldn't be another order if the food and service left a bad impression.) We were then told that they could remake it for us and we could get the standard thin crust, but when we were about to complete the order, they told us it be $13.00+!!! We canceled and I'm disappointed that I am now left with $25.00 worth of food that we aren't even going to touch. They must be crazy to expect that I'm going to pay more for something that wasn't pleasant to eat from the beginning.
5	We've been ordering from Rosati's for the better part of a year. Never knew this little gem was right around the corner from us.  Better than Streets (While we love garlic, streets goes a little overboard with it). 100% better than Gus'. They have a rewards program, send out coupons in the mail, offer great specials, and have coupons in the Entertainment Book!  If you love thin crust pizza, definitely check them out!
5	Seriously some awesome owners,  employees, and patrons here.  Dropped my bank card out in the parking lot when I was leaving tonight.  Someone found it and turned it in to the owner and they in turn gave it to the gal at the front counter.  The gal (sorry don't recall your name) I always see the who works the register and takes orders, called the house (I wasn't even home yet with our tasty pizza) to let my hubby know it was found and they were holding it for safe keeping. Thank you to the owner,  the gal,  and the honest person who found my card and turned it over. :D  For that, along with the awesome pizza, you've earned our business for a long long while. And another glowing yelp review!
5	If I'm going to eat a bunch of cheesy calories on a Friday night from my couch - then only Rosati's calories will do.The pizza is the best delivery pizza in town. But that's not my favorite part.The team taking orders over the phone is capable, kind and actually enjoyable to work with. Every time I call I think, "Where do they find these awesome people?!" That USED to be my favorite part...But tonight... the delivery guy trumped all.While waiting for the pizza to arrive, I suddenly remembered that the duct tape I had plastered all over my doorbell to prevent unsuspecting delivery people from ringing it lest they wake my sleeping children and face the wrath of a woman who now has to deal with two awakened toddlers - (breath) - had finally fallen off and I hadn't yet replaced it."Oh shoot!" I said to my husband. "I forgot to re-cover the doorbell! The pizza guy is going to ring it and wake the kids!"Just then, there was a knock at the door.Whew. A knock. NOT a doorbell. "That was lucky." I thought.And that's when I heard the delivery guy say something to my husband as he handed over the pizza."Hey, uh, I thought I remembered there was a sign or something not to ring the doorbell last time I was here (at least a month earlier) ... so I thought I would just knock instead."Delivery guy? Or angel. You decide.
1	Ordered from this place and it took 90 minutes to deliver a single topping large pizza.  When it got here it was cold.  Poor service - no thanks.
2	The food is very good!  The service is HORRIBLE!!!  I came here for the first time a few months ago.   The sewer trap exhaust overwhelmed the restaurant.  We had to take our food to go it was so nauseating.  Food we took home was excellent.   NOW... we decided to give it another chance. .. food is that good.  Went back, and the smell is fixed.  I ordered a meatball sub... my partner ordered a small pizza... a SMALL, THIN CRUST... you know the cracker kind... well I got my sandwich in about 10 minutes.  My partner... they forgot to make her pizza and didn't realize it until they brought my sandwhich.  So I knew her pizza was going to be delayed 10 minutes.  I was wrong... after 25 minutes... THIN CRUST FOLKS... they said it would be 2 more minutes.   Long story short... after asking what they were going to fo to compensate us for the lack of bringing the food together and in a timely fashion, I was given a coupon from the Sunday insert.  It doesn't take 25 minutes for a thin crust... they forgot her order and when we asked for some sort of compensation got essentially nothing... except this free advise from the guy at the counter... "make sure you say you want the food to show up together."  Apparently when 2 people go to sit down to eat together... that's not automatically presumed that they want to eat together.   I am so mad about what happened and the details of my conversations with the 3 stooges behind the counter over this meal last night (all the details I left out)  that I doubt I will be back regardless of the food.  They are not the only game in town on pizza and subs.  No customer service skills whatsoever and no vested interest about customer satisfaction.
4	Being from Chicago this is the closest I've found. Not only do they have Gluten Free at this location it's yummy
