4	We came in to order some lunch and they told us they just opened today and that we are the first patrons. I guess we get to be the guinea pigs for The Blind Pig.Because we're two tiny women, we both shared a margherita pizza. My co-worker also got a side of onion rings. I think they might need to re-think the margherita recipe. There wasn't any fresh mozzarella or tomatoes on this margherita pizza. It was a regular cheese pizza with basil leaves; and although it was good, it wasn't a margherita pizza! The onion rings were really great also. This place is a bar, a lounge and a deli. You can also order salads and deli items for to go for a fast lunch.Since the first visit, we've ordered several items from their menu. Most notably we love the chicken Ceasar salad and the lobster Mac and cheese.
3	I went in for dinner today and had an ok experience. On the positive side, all of the staff was friendly and welcoming. The food was well-prepared and tasty - though a little pricey for the amount you get. I would recommend the wood fired pizza (called "South of the Border") which was decent size and flavorful and the Blind Pig salad.  The lounge feel was nice and it wasn't too crowded so you could have a good conversation and enjoy your drink/dinner.In terms of areas for improvement, there were a few. They need to tweak the menu to give better value (portion to price) on some items and to right-size other items.  (I can't believe they don't have a small side salad that you can order with a main dish.) The serving staff needs to gain a little more experience as they seemed shaky and unfamiliar with some of the menu items. Lastly, beware of the drink sizes! I ordered a glass of wine and received a 3oz pour - about half what you'd expect from a lounge/bar but at full bar prices.  I asked the server about it and she said it was just an illusion because of the glass size - I don't think so!As they're still pretty new, I'll cut them some slack but they need to work out some of the kinks. I'd give them a few weeks to make some tweaks and then try them again.  There is potential to make this a nice little off-strip lounge/eatery.
5	New place, great food, best burger i've had in Vegas.  I really like the display case with all the sides, makes it clear what everything is.  The deserts look great too, next time I'm going to save room for some.
5	On my last visit to Vegas I stopped in for a drink and then came back again for the food and again with a co-worker. This place is great! The ambiance is modern and relaxed, the staff is great, the drinks are amazing, and the food is delicious. Coming from the strip, the value for the price is excellent. I mean, if you want ridiculous value then go to Taco y Taco, but if you want value for high quality food then this place has that. My favorite dish is the shrimp and lobster mac 'n cheese, which is a full meal. On my third visit I had the pizza with the sausage, pepperoni, onions, and mushrooms (I don't recall the name) and it was very good. I see other reviews about the margarita pizza and I've heard the same, so I'm sure they'll fix it. They are new, so when you stop in ask, since they're in improvement mode. I don't even think they've had their grand opening yet. The mixed drinks are high quality and the bottled beer selection is a great mix of craft and specialty beers along with a few go-to beers if you're not a beer person. My advice, go there now; it's only a matter of time before you'll need to make a reservation or wait in line. I'll definitely go back on my next visit.
3	This is great location and great atmosphere.  But lets be honest how do you charge strip prices when your clients are locals.  How do you charge $8 for a domestic beer (Shock Top and Fat Tire) when other domestic beers on the menu are $5.50(BUd Light)?  This place will do well but alcohol prices are way to high to compete with the strip.  If they want to get locals to come a few days a week the alcohol prices will need to drop.  I have spoke too many people who live in Panorama Towers and The Martin and the all agree!!!!My advise take care of the locals and they will take care of you, if you get greedy on prices you will lose a local following which will hurt your business much more.  Food is priced well and the place is great just hoping they figure it out before its too late!!!
5	Such a different place for Vegas, but in a good way. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. They have great pizza and fresh squeezed orange juice which is delicious. The roasted chicken is amazing and the smoothies are tasty. They even offer fresh juice that they juice themselves I recommend the green revolution. All in all this place is very new and I think it's going to be one of those local hotspots . Kudos to whomever thought of this concept and location.
3	One of the latest restaurants to open is The Blind Pig inside Panorama Towers. You can spot the restaurant from the I-15 it is accessed on Dean Martin Drive ample parking is available out front. Inside, you're met with a deli to your right and lounge to the left. My brother and I came in to dine for lunch. You order at the counter, you're given a number and your food is brought to you over in the lounge. The Deli seemed promising, it reminded me of a petite version of those I love in San Diego and San Francisco. You feel like you're transported into a speakeasy when you step over to the lounge. There is a large bar, oversized booths and table seating. The menu offers a variety of appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pizzas and entrees that include pasta, poultry or seafood. They also serve breakfast, though, I'm not sure when its available. My brother chose the Pastrami Rueben ($9.50) with coleslaw and I had the BP Porchetta sandwich with potato salad ($13.50). After a short wait, our lunch was served.The Rueben was decent. The pastrami is sliced thin and possibly tossed on the griddle since there were crisp edges. The bread was dry, but the Russian dressing was quite good. Better than most Thousand Island dressings. The coleslaw went uneaten, it was too sweet for both of our tastes. The Porchetta sandwich sounded great in theory, but the execution was poor. The greens were limp and slimey. The nuggets of pork belly and pork loin tumbled out from the bread with every bite. The pork loin was tender and had great flavor. I wish it were thinly sliced instead and piled high; it would make for a tasty sandwich. I enjoy pork belly when the fat is properly rendered. It was unfortunate that more than half of the nuggets were tough and filled with flubber. I found those pieces inedible. As a general rule, I do not like potato salad. Majority contain mayo and mustard; my least favorite condiments, this was no exception. I'd prefer alternate options to potato salad and cole slaw since both contain mayonnaise. My sandwich and iced tea was $18. I left hungry. Needless to say, I won't be rushing back to The Blind Pig, but I may return to try other menu items because the location makes it a very convenient lunch option.
4	This place somewhat reminds me of Artisan House... lounge and market all in one roof!!  Aesthetically, similar to dope speakeasies in NYC/DTLA-dimmed lighting, leather booths, and taxidermies.Came in for a quick drink and I have to say, we were quite impressed.  Had the Bitter Sling which tasted like a toned down Manhattan; make sure to opt for ice cubes for fuller flavor.Decided to give the poutine and crunchy pork chunks a try.  Surprisingly, both were delicious.  Will come back for their shrimp & lobster Mac n' cheese at a later time though.Overall, The Blind Pig is a great addition for quick lunch and special occasions.  Too bad this place can be pricey so I can't be here as much as I'd like to.  Also, their market needs a little more work.  Nonetheless, good start for Las Vegas!!
4	I liked it! I really liked it! I'm a sucker for decor, and I loved the inside of this place. It was like a Speakeasy meets Old Time Saloon. Brick walls adorned with a train set on one end of the place and a stuffed Boar hanging on the other. Edison lights hang over the bar area, and two gold old fashioned cash registers are on display behind the bar. Above are two hanging pieces of tin lined ceilings. The booths are comfy while there are some tables set up in the middle of the lounge as well. Onto the food.It is set up like a service counter, you order your food, then go sit down. Available at the counter are some pre made items, like salads and sandwiches. Also a refrigerator that has some pre made items prepared by the chefs and frozen so you can take to go and prepare later, as well as some McConnell's Ice Cream pints. They have a small provision area that kind of reminds me of Resnick's Grocery downtown, I guess if you lived in the Panorama and had a hankering for a hostess treat, this would be convenient. They also have outside seating, but might get a little loud, it faces Dean Martin and I-15. We wanted to grab a couple items and share, there were so many that stuck out, but we decided on Poutine, which is a favorite of mine. Fries were crinkle cut, that reminded me of my childhood and the Ore-Ida fries that was a household staple. Gravy had good flavor, I just wish there was a little more cheese curds. Crispy Pork Nuggets were really good, small portion, as it is an appetizer and if you ate any more, you might as well drive yourself to the nearest hospital and have your arteries unclogged. Then we shared the Shrimp and Lobster Roll, as crazy as it sounds, the old bay mayo and the fancy hot dog bun it came on really made this sandwich. I was too full to try dessert, but the monkey bread and the PB&J bar looked delicious. They serve Illy coffee as well as fresh squeezed juices and smoothies.Definitely will be coming back to check out the vibe of this place at night.
4	I like the lounge-feel interior of this place. Bricks, plush seats, curtains and interesting ceiling. They have a pantry where they have beer, wine and other libations as well as items you'd find in some pantries (fig almond cake, Nutella, pasta, real mustard, red pepper tapenade, etc.). They have Veuve and Moet! They have a deli section which has orzo pasta, couscous, salads, sandwiches, cheesecake, monkey bread, brownies, cookies (chocolate protein cookies even!), Nutella pound cake, and other desserts. Then, there's the bar and dining area. On the menu they have: appetizers, pizza, sandwiches, salads, pasta, steak frites, shrimp and lobster mac and cheese, salmon, ahi tuna, roasted chicken, smoothies and coffee.Chocolate Hazelnut Verrine:This has got to be my Blind Pig favorite. Layers of delicious light chocolate mousse and sweet, nutty and crunchy brittle. 5/5Orzo Pasta:It has a tiny bit of a tang and minty-ness - just enough to make it taste interesting. The texture is just right. It has olives, red onions and tiny bits of feta. 4/5Nutella Pound Cake:I love pound cake and to add Nutella to to the batter is pure enjoyable madness! It's filling and delicious. Buttery cake with sweet chocolate hazelnut swirls. 5/5Shrimp and Lobster Roll:I got this with a side of French fries. They use Oreida frozen fries - booooo! This had no flavor. The roll was toasted but it has no butter - maybe, they're health conscious? I really don't know but if I wanted something healthy, I'll eat a salad. 2/5Porchetta:POR-KE-TA...not porch-eta...not porsche-eta. C'mon! I enjoy a good porchetta sandwich. That fat and oil with herbs, spices and salsa. My favorite version though has crispy skin and this one did not and tasted a bit much of fennel seeds. They are generous with pork portions though. 3.5/5Skip the fries and the kombucha drink! Try the blackberry hibiscus drink though.
4	The food is wonderful!  Ambiance and decor is terrific and perfectly done.  The bar has a sense of new age with old world elegance that is not too stuffy.  Its nice to see this is Las Vegas.  My only issue is the cost.  The price point is a touch too high for their food.  I understand that it is necessary to have higher fees because of their location and hours but Its about $1 too high on almost all products.  I had a turkey sandwich that was amazing but priced at over $12... its not worth it.  I don't mind spending on good food and everything seemed fresh.  Plus, I would love to make it a regular place that I frequent but I don't know if this price is worth it.  However, I will definitely be back (maybe not as often as I was hoping) and I would still highly recommend it.Note:  I didn't try the pizza... hopefully that will change my mind.My other small issue (and this may be because it just opened or because I completely missed it) is that the products on the shelves didn't have the price.  Awesome that they even sell some of these items, but it seems odd that its not tagged or easy to find.  I'm sure this will be fixed soon.Servers and staff were great!
3	1st time here and everyone ordered something different. Pics attached.$8 meatballs appetizer (the best in town), Pork Nuggets (Pork belly), chicken Ciabatta sandwhich,  Hot dog, burger Ahi Tuna Salad. All for $78.37. Pricey. But worth to try. I would only come back for the meatballs and the burger. The food was good and you can buy a slice of cake or pie to take home!
2	There was zero parking out front in a very small lot, but there was only a few tables dining in the restaurant.  That means the staff is taking all the parking out front.  You have to park at the UFC gym about 200 feet South of the restaurant .  They say the UFC gym allows the Blind Pig to use their lot, but that's just the restaurant saying it.   The food is good for the price, but  I know why the name is Blind Pig. It's because all the pork items on the menu were not available.  What Up with that?  I won't go back because they have no parking and I wouldn't want my car towed or ticketed at the UFC Gym.   i don't think this new place will survive without solving a parking issue.
5	The Blind pig is a new spot in the panorama towers... It fills a def need for the residents of this tower.  I came here the first time with some friends how have a unit in the tower and I had a SUPER HIGH EXPECTATION... A fellow yelper had reviewed it as having the "best burger in Vegas"... Strong words.  I have had many burger in town and when somebody say that I always question it,  but I also have to try it...   So with that in my mind I came here to see if it was true.  Walking in the door  first impression his is a cool place... Dark tones stone wood and brick..classy.   I sit down and the bartenders were attentive informed and they were not to bad to look at either... I had a few cocktails all were delicious... Then the moment came and the burger arrived It looked fantastic and at first bite I was shocked that this might actually be the best burger in town... It is cooked p e r f e c t l y and seasoned and the bread it toasted and soft and fresh and the toppings are fresh and plentiful but not overwhelming... I started fast but as I got to the end I didn't want it I stop and noticed I was taking smaller and smaller bites... But eventually it was all gone... :-( As I write this I find my self in that same position not wanting this to end...best burger in Vegas is not far off... It def makes my top 3 I have had and it had some distinguished company!!Bottom lineJUST ORDER THE BURGER... Ten next time actually look at the menu... There is alit of other tasty stuff on it too... Like crispy pork nuggets. That you will just have to experience yourself... Enjoy.
4	Just wanted to add this:  we are staying at Vdara and had a hard time figuring out if we could walk here.  Yes!  Take Harmon over the freeway and you will see the two towers on your left.  Cross the street and walk on the side of the building to the front entrance.  You may be able to see the Blind Pig sign from you room or the overpass.  Not sure if anyone else has problems with Google Maps, but ours was wrong so I wasn't even looking for the sign.  Hope this is helpful!
2	Again this was recommended from the bartender at the Barrymore. We were excited to visit once we saw the menu. It was during ConExpo and we had clients with us from NYC. Luckily we cabbed it over *never ever drink and drive in Vegas!* because there was zero parking in front. You enter though the "deli" section of the restaurant - more on that later and then off to the side is the bar/restaurant portion. Total Fail: the seating is awful. The choices are tables with tiny armed seating OR squished booths. 2 people of our party were well over 6'5" and the booths just didn't work. The only waitress in the place was either clueless or had never seen tall or chubby folks before because when asked if they had armless chair she just shrugged and walked away to continue the chat we interrupted upon entering. The bar would have been an option but there weren't 4 seats together. We solved our issue by - wait for it. Removing the extremely large table from the booth and replacing it with the smaller but more accessible table from the center. Not one person stopped us. So NOT fatubulous! The ambiance:  trying to ignore the above issues, it's a very pleasant looking space. I mean when you over look the interstate running right outside, you get a nice view of the backside of Harmon tower before it falls down. The Drinks: Short. and expensive. *see attached photos of the bloody mary* - we had 3 rounds x 4 - $138.00 The Food: We just ordered appetizers since our waitress was basically non-existent so busy flipping her hair that one of our group actually had to go to the bar to order another round of drinks & get food menus. Pork Nuggets: genius! Perfection. (3 orders) Meatballs:  all were good but it would have been nice to know which ones were which.. pork/chicken/veal - all slathered in a tasty sauce but couldn't tell the difference in the meats. It could have been 80% beef and I wouldn't know because the sauce made them delicious. (3 orders) Chicken Wings:   The only thing I'm going to say about this is that it was an ample serving. After the 1st one we packed them up to go. They tasted much better cold. Service: There were 2 bright spots in the service: 1 was the 'busboy' who brought out our meatballs & was willing to at least ask the chef which was which. (and turns out, couldn't determine that either)  & the counter girl in the provisions section. She was extremely nice & helpful when we were leaving. Otherwise it was a total fail. The one waitress working was attached by an invisible bungee cord to the end of the bar where she was animated & giggling at every word the 2 guys seated there & the bartender said. On the few occasions when she bothered to come over - she was surly and downright rude. I mean how dare we interrupt her social swish. Total bill:  3 rounds of drinks & appetizers 219.00. *and yes we left standard tip just to show we are better than her service* It's really too bad as we have a friend to lives next door in the Martin and it would be a great spot to meet up for lunch or cocktail hour.  He too is 6'6" and quite frankly wouldn't be bothered trying to fold himself into the booths/chairs currently available. Of the Block 16 places we've tried (and you can read our reviews of LBS, Holsteins, Barrymore, and Pinks etc) this is a huge disappointment for us. As a local, I'd never go there again. Can it be sustained on just the tenants of the Panorama & Martin? Maybe. Time will tell.
5	A bite of their  bp burger will take you to another world and then to the universe, and I'm not sure if you will ever come back. It's out of this world amazing. My husband and I are huge burger fans. Lets just say our standards are way high for burgers. This burger might have just set a new standard;-).  I don't know where to begin, the bread is soft, the meat is juicy, the cheese is smoldering, the beacon is crispy! no non sense additives are necessary to this burger.  It's a work of art and you can't f* with art periodCan't wait to return again btw try the kale crunch salad also(no soybeans)
4	I have to give this 4 stars because the burger is amazing. Easily one of the best burgers in Vegas. Beyond that, the beer is overpriced and no draught selection.  No happy hour. The service is okay. It's not a place I want to chill at for drinks, just a place to get a amazing grass fed beef burger. I am curious about the South of the Border Pizza, so maybe next time.
4	Burger is, hands down, one of the top in LV! And I'm somewhat of a burger connoisseur. Style and design were great! I love the brick walls, art, pigs, color palette, etc.Light too bright over booths, felt very cafeteria-ish. I would dim those down some. Tables at the booths were a little small also. My back started hurting because I couldn't sit all the way back and eat over the table. I was hunched over most of the time.Service is so-so. A little more education on the menu items and customer service would do some wonders. All in all, it's worth the trip to try the burger :)
4	We were passing by Vegas and looking for a good place for lunch.Classy looking interior and attentive waiter.  It would fit perfectly in a hipster, brick building downtown neighborhood.  Instead of being a bit "middle of nowhere" next to a highway. (as far as a non-local sees)We had meatballs for appies.  Have to say I can't tell the ingredients (beef, pork and veal) but they were not terrible either.  We ordered two sandwiches:  Chicken Ciabatta and BP Porchetta.  They were decent and flavorful, though the Porchetta was on the salty side.Their other half of the establishment is a deli / bakery section, which offers a decent selection of desserts or other grab-and-go items.  We liked the PB&J Bar and the Pecan Pie Bar we got!
1	Went here for after work drinks and some food with a group of about 10, and had a pretty crappy experience overall. Waitress was inattentive and ignorant of the menu items, and just generally did a bad job of things. At one point she was trying to open a bottle of wine and completely gave up after mauling the cork and causing bits of it to get in the wine, and went back to the bartender to open it. When we were ready to go, we asked to split up the checks or pay with different cards; we were then told by the waitress they only split it two ways. Sorry, no one really wants to foot a $300 bill! The manager came over and explained to us that it was too much of a hassle to split checks, and you have to manually split it in the billing app. Fucking seriously?! Coming over to customers paying $300 for service and saying providing said service is too much of a hassle?! None of us will be going there again.
5	Food was really good. Pizza was good-average. If you go you MUST get the lobster Mac&Cheese-AMAZING!! Very nice, chill atmosphere. Service was great.
5	For me and my wife we went in had dinner again tonight we got the app special guac and salsa and chips and ordered a wise guy pizza and had some drinks, they were busy but the staff was attentive and the food was amazing, we love what this place is about also at 8pm the place their muffins, turnovers, and coffee cakes on sale for 50% off, yum. This is a great place to have a nice meal and a unwind me drink!!
4	Food was tasty.  Atmosphere was a definite plus,  real laid back and super chill also a great place to watch sports and drink. Seafood Diablo pasta was good,  I liked the Lobster and Shrimp roll it tasted better when I squeezed lemon on it and lastly the margarita pizza was ok.  It wasn't the best but definitely not the worst.  And the smoothies were ok which is why they got only 4 stars from me.  Taste all the same to me whether I get it at Tropical Smoothie or DQ
5	Excellent food and service. Super friendly both the bar manager and bartender. We are staying at Veer Towers and found it while out exploring the area. The meatballs are excellent big serving for a great price!
5	Where do I start? Phenomenally friendly staff (but not overly so)Awesome decorDelicious food (I waited to draft this review until after trying a few of their dishes) Convenient for me (live in the building behind it) Smoothie bar with healthy smoothiesGrocery store with essentialsSeems a bit on the pricy side but still very worth it. Easily going to be here at least twice a week.
5	I just really love what this place is all about , good food, drinks and atmosphere and just genius with the market set up on the other side. We will frequent this place a lot and it has a nice view of the strip without being on the strip. Love it !!
5	WOW such an amazing place!!! Everything is made with love you can both see and taste. Chef John is a master of his craft. Crispy pork nuggets...... Heaven on a plate! Gotta come here. Breakfast , lunch , dinner.... It's all tasty.
3	The food was delicious! The location is absolutely gorgeous with amazing interior design.Their menu is really well put together and they have a ton of great recipes. However the size of the caprese salad that they charge $7.50 for was laughable. They serve you 4 tiny balls of fresh mozz (bococini) no bigger than the size of a quarter.. And 4 small slices of heirloom tomato.. The real reason I'm only giving them 3 stars is because of the horrible service. The only time the server was at my table before dropping the check 20 mins after we were finished was to to take our order.. With only having maybe 3 other tables and having the manager clear our plates there was no excuse to leave us waiting so long for our check.. Specially when we were on our lunch break. I was sad the service sucked so bad because everything else was so on point!
5	This place is amazing! My husband and I have actually been here twice in 3 days and everything we have had has been absolutely delicious. My husband's favorite thing is the poutine. While I'm not a fan of gravy, the crinkle cut fries reel me in. The first time we went, my husband had the burger and I had meatballs and yesterday he had the Ruben and I had the steak frites. Still can't complain. On Friday night when we were there, someone was having a party and they were moving tables around. We offered to move so they could set up. Not a big deal at all but the server gave us a free order of pork nuggets. What?! awesome! Overall, you just try this place. I cannot wait until we can go back!
2	My brother and I walked in . Stood around for a minute . No one greet us so we decided to seat ourselves . One of the gentlemen ( looks like he owned the place ) just stared  at us and looked away . No one came to our table for awhile . The place is beautiful and trendy ! Too bad service is bad n food was not all that .
3	Just okay for now...Restaurant, Ambiance, and Location:  4 StarsService:  More like 2.5 Stars, but I will round up to 3.Food Selection / Taste:  3 Stars Price:  3 Stars ($50 for a two salads and two meals)We arrived for a quick dinner before a show.  My only knowledge of the Blind Pig was from other Yelpers check-in's.  My experience wasn't tainted because I haven't read any of the reviews.  In other words, I came here "blind".  Service was a little less than average, but it's all about the food and drinks, right?  I got the BP Burger and requested it to be prepared medium-well.  I took a bite and realized it was more medium than medium-well.  I didn't complain because the burger was actually pretty good.  Complimenting my burger was a ton of sweet potato fries that were just okay.  I also got to taste my gf's Shrimp & Lobster Mac.  I could tell just by looking at the Mac that it was lacking a little taste.  In my opinion, their Shrimp & Lobster Mac can use a little more shrimp, lobster, cheese, and mac.  Overall, I wouldn't say I'm a huge fan of the Blind Pig.  Ambiance is cool, their burger is pretty good, the service can be better, and the shrimp & lobster mac can use some work.  For now, they are just okay.
5	Those who know me will tell you I am one difficult person to impress, a fact that still has my mother wondering where she could have gone wrong. But I promise you I can be impressed, and when it does happen, even I get a little chill up and down my spine. If you hope to get my attention, especially with food, you better hit all the right notes at all the same time. From presentation and taste, service and atmosphere, right up to the bite you take out of my wallet, everything needs to fit just perfectly together if you hope to get a rave out of me. You can have the world's best food, but if I have to wait an eternity in line, or drop a small fortune, or suffer miserably apathetic service, then even the world's greatest food can suck.But when everything you do fits perfectly together; when the food is good and the service is friendly and the price is a bargain, that's when you're doing things right. And then there are those rare occasions when all those elements come together, except the food is not simply good it's extraordinary, that's when you're going to start making some serious impressions in my book.Imagine for me, if you will, a simple bacon cheeseburger. If you are like me, it always has been, and likely always will be, one of life's great guilty pleasures. Now imagine that simple bacon cheeseburger: with thick-cut smoked bacon, silky-smooth gruyere, arugula, and perfectly seasoned, grass-fed beef with just a hint of garlic aioli on top. Add all those elements together with the understated genius from The Blind Pig's kitchen and you have a bacon cheeseburger that requires no additional adornment, that challenges the lines of what makes a great burger. If you can imagine that (or better yet, if you can stop by The Blind Pig and try one for yourself) well then you will know firsthand what it takes to impress me - and I can promise you, I am very impressed.Everybody knows you can get some really great burgers in Vegas these days, but I always find myself walking out wondering whether the extra cost and extra effort were really worth it. I will hold The Blind Pig's $12 "BP Burger" up against any burger in this town and say simply - "beat that!"Can't wait to try what's next.
3	Much like everyone else has said great ambiance,  but that's petty much where it ends.  Sat at the bar ordered the crispy pork nuggets, inside out spicy tuna and a pizza.  Pork nuggets were terrible, not crispy and extremely dry.  The spicy tuna was good basically a deconstructed spicy tuna roll should have a soy marinade or sauce with it though.  Pizza was ok nothing special,  at least the toppings seemed of high quality.  Out the door with tip for two people about 120 a little bit pricey in my opinion.
5	I am so glad that I came across this place! After my first experience it made me want to come back! Let me start with the food. BEST BURGER IN TOWN!!! Hands down! It's like an explosion of flavors once you take a bite! It's so good you don't even want to eat your fries! It's so good it doesn't need any other items to compliment the burger! The blind pig burger was cooked just the way I wanted it and every bite I took just melted in my mouth! The beef was so juicy! The bacon was nice and thick. The best part was it was not messy burger! Pick it up and go at it! This burger has a distinct taste that I cant put my finger on it but you will remember the taste. You may even dream about it lol.The restaurant itself had a nice feel to it. I came during lunch so it wasn't busy. They have a full bar and a few TV's to watch sports etc. The atmosphere feels positive and elegant. It's a nice place to sit and enjoy lunch. The price is a bit on the pricer side but after the service you receive and the food you eat it more that makes up for the cost. Sometimes I feel weary about spending so much for a burger but I'll tell you this at the end of the day price wasn't even on my mind. All I kept thinking about was how tasteful the burger was and how nice the staff was. I returned 1 week later and the same girl was working the counter. She remembered me! That made my day. Whenever someone acknowledges that they remember you it also shows to me that they pay attention and don't treat customers as just a number. I had a great conversation with her when I arrived. I will definitely make my way back here so I can try out their other items on the menu! Don't miss out! Go get yourself a BP Burger now!!!'
4	Such a cute place! I loooove the decor in the lounge. The booths are awesome and the wall art is pretty neat. My friends and I came here for lunch and drinks. I heard their cocktails were good so I was super excited to try them out. Kinda pricey but I think it's worth it. I got Growing Apples and Sunny Day. They were both amazing and probably would be super dangerous if you keep drinking them. They taste like candy! The food was great. We got the pork belly appetizer to start with. The glaze on the meat was amazing. Perfect mix of fat and meat. So yummy that we ordered a second plate! For my meal, I got the ahi tuna Asian crunch salad. It was sooo refreshing. I loved it.The service was good. They were super attentive and everyone was nice. I'm definitely coming back again! I also wanna try the stuff they have in the market area too!
4	Posh, yet convenient place to grab, eat, or drink. Priced for clientele who live in the luxury condos nearby, but quality is not bad.They should replace the oval white plates. It's hard to rest forks and knives, easy to slip and fall off.
4	I'm a fan boy of Block 16 (the parent company of Blind Pig) so maybe I'm a little biased, but so far I've loved just about every concept they've developed. Located in the Panorama Tower condo complex, Blind Pig is part convenience store, part bar and bistro. In the dining area you'll find plenty of comfortable seating, especially the booths, set amid a retro-chic prohibition era decor with views of City Centre across the highway.The menu, as Block 16 is apt to do (see the Barrymore and Public House at the Venetian), features their modern take on approachable comfort food crafted with excellent ingredients. Always a sucker for pork, the crispy pork nuggets ($10) were a great way to start my meal. Unctuous, savory, deep fried cubes of pork covered in crispy skin were complimented with a sweet chili glaze and sriracha aioli that provided a bit of heat. That was followed by a porchetta ($13.50) sandwich with rich, but too oily, pork loin and belly in a crispy ciabatta roll.Desserts are available, but they come straight from the cases and displays of the 'Provisions' side of Blind Pig. I should have let the coconut cake warm up a bit, but my sweet tooth couldn't be denied. The cake was stiff, as was the icing, but the flavors were very good. Next time, I'll have to resist the urge and wait to eat desserts at home. With their cases stocked with ready made and ready to cook products, there's plenty here for those wanting meals to-go.
1	Another sample of bad customer service.  What happen to this places they are beautiful but the people working here probe & scan you, it feel like you need to pay first to have some one ask you and take care of you.
4	Never heard of this place.  Really cool spot!  Nice ambience. Not too many parking spots here.  All of the appetizers were pretty great. The service was good.  They remembered special requests.  The server did forget to clear the menus and there wasn't space when the appetizers arrived. Ahi salad - would not order this again. Giant heap of cole slaw with tasteless ahi tuna  Lobster mac and cheese- there was something in this I didn't care for the taste of.  It was something with a strong and distinct aftertaste.  I'm not sure if it is a seasoning but it was overpowering. Pork belly- very yummy!  Cut in small enough pieces. Crunchy and tasty! Guacamole - tasted fresh and satisfying Pizza - this was better than my entree and I was happier eating this. Thin and simpleThe appetizers here are really great.  I feel there were options on the menu id like to try. This place has a lot of potential. It seems like it would be a great place to grab some drinks before a night out.
4	I came to The Blind Pig twice, since I live at Panorama Towers and it's a very short walk downstairs. First time: I came here to watch the NBA playoffs, so I sat at the bar. Ordered the BP Burger which was great - grass fed beef really helped with the flavor. It came with a small side of coleslaw. For $12, it was a B+ in my book.For $3, I also got a square of the coffee cake. It was really good! Grade: ASecond time: I decided to order a pizza - the BP Classic. For $15, I'd give it a grade of B. That price is kind of meh.. (Domino's anyone??) haha. However, if you are desperate for pizza, it isn't bad.
2	Great food and spirits - management lackingWe ordered a 1/2 pep 1/2 jalapeno pizzaWhat we got was 1/2 pep 1/2 onions.Instead of having them remake the whole pizza we asked to not be charged for the topping we didn't order and just give us a side of (raw) jalapenos.They still charged us and refused to take it off the bill saying the side cost 1$ (they charged us $1.25). I could care less about $1, just honor what you tell your patrons.  The manager Kyle was not rude, but he was also not apologetic and still tried to insist we be charged.  Lesson Blind Pig:  Local residents are your bread and butter, when in doubt make them happy.  Hopefully just an isolated incident.
4	Took my mom here for lunch on her last afternoon of her Vegas trip. We both ended up getting the lobster shrimp Mac and cheese. Great portion sizes, very attentive wait staff ( ice tea refill at 1/4 left every time) and very nice atmosphere.  We didn't get to check out the store but it looked great from a quick glance. Over all great lunch. Clean, a very pleasant staff, good food but lack of parking is the only draw back and why I can't go 5 stars. Nothing to do with the dinning experience but parking is the first thing you do when get anywhere.  A must try for locals!!!
5	What else do they have to do to accommodate their customers? Nothing. Far exceeding my expectations with excellent service from Jose. EVERYTHING was fresh and delicious. I can see myself frequenting this spot!
3	Steak and eggs was average. Urth burger was good, but I've had it elsewhere. Brownie Sunday was excellent.
2	Had high expectations as I came back with my boyfriend. We met here at night for drinks only on our first date.This place is nice. decor is gorgeous. service is nice. The food though is nothing to write home about the turkey club was dry, and the chopped salad was a disappointment with undressed ice berg grilled lunch meat on top(same meat as our sandwich). It was underwhelming to say the least.
5	It exceed our expectations. Great food, great drinks and I LOVE the little shop that's attached
4	I liked it. They can almost fool you until they serve you the Poutine... Our server, a girl who had an uncanny resemblance to Dolly Parton gone Vegas, served me a completely flat sparkling Rose. Womp Womp!Okay, she comped it... but still. The food isnt panty-dropping quality, but hey, if I, who can look past the worst poutine Ive ever seen, sit back and enjoy the people watching and cool decor with exposed bricks while I sip on my flat sparkling Rose, so can you. -AND- it's reasonably priced. I liked the pork belly "nuggets" (fritters) and I heard the burger was good.Im just happy to support someone who is trying -and succeeding- at doing their own thing away from the sysco-ridden, overcrowded, over-priced, downright shameful strip restaurants. Props to you, Blind Pig... Worth a try. (Maybe pick a more original name)
3	Cool atmosphere, very Chicago-esque.  The Poutine was the best part of the meal.  It was put of this world!  The Cobb salad and the Kale Salad were good but not a ton of flavor in either.  My friend got the turkey quesadilla and sent it back because she didn't like it.  Very friendly staff and great service.  There were highlights and lowlights,  so overall a mid-level experience.
4	I walked in on the side that had gourmet grab and go items including salads, desserts, etc. I sampled a few of the salads and the majority of them needed work.Now onto the restaurant, I like the ambiance and how intimate the booths are. The items I tried were the meatballs and BBQ chicken pizza. The meatballs did not have much flavor and the accompanying crostini's were tasteless but the flavorful tomato sauce saved this dish. BBQ chicken pizza was tasty but I would have preferred chunks of chicken instead of dried out pieces of sliced chicken. The homemade side of ranch dressing was one of the best ranch's I have ever had. Even though I was full, I ordered a few desserts because the waitress said they were made in house. Brownie tasted more like fudge and had a weird airy texture on top but was still good. The red velvet cake was moist and I enjoyed the white chocolate on top.Overall, Blind Pig is a nice neighborhood spot with tasty pizzas and desserts.
3	I was looking for place to have a bite that wasnt the overprivced casino places or fast food.  I found this on yelp . It was very pleasant. The service is good and the atmosphere is relaxed and quiet. I had the daily special dtrak sandwich which was good, the salad was meh,, but edible.  I would give this place 3.5 but we cant split ratings.  Its not gancy (which is whaat i like) but its tasty and pleasant
4	Considering how empty the Blind Pig was during the Brunch hour, it left me feeling skeptical about the food. Located right next to the 15 Freeway are some new developing stores in Las Vegas. Ambiance (4.5 Stars): I love the decor and ambiance in the Blind Pig. It is a mixture of old style furniture with gold and black color scheme that gives off an elegance that you don't often get at many brunch places. There is a bar area, individual tables, and sofa seating areas that are very comfortable. The World Cup soccer match was on near the bar are and we were able to watch the games from our table.Food (4 Stars): I ordered the Eggs Benedict with Asparagus and Crab/Shrimp; the dish was beautiful and tasty too! The hollandaise sauce was super buttery and complemented the seafood. There was also a side of potatoes that gave you a nice break from the richness of the eggs. The english muffin was crispy and not too soggy either. I would order this dish again.We had meatballs as an appetizer and it was basically some large croutons with meatballs in tomato sauce. It was okay and the meatballs were pretty dry, but the sauce was yummy and wasn't overly sweet.Service (4 Stars): The service here was interesting. There is always a waiter coming by the refill your water cup, that I could appreciate. Our waiter gave us the wrong menus to order from and we had to switch up some of our orders. It was an honest mistake and I could see that they were trying their best fix the situation. It was just kind of awkward. Bottom line: Compared to other places off the strip for brunch, this place is high up there. Good service and decent food.
5	We are addicted to the BP Burger! It is one of the best burger's we've had (we live bi-costal) and the sweet potato fries are phenomenal as well. However, we feel that an extra $3 for the sweet potato fries is overpriced as well as the menu, but the food is so delicious that it's worth the cost.
4	This place is unique and hidden away. I saw the blind pig while driving south on the 15 and noticed it was on dean Martin dr. We decided to give this place a shot and it was fantastic. They offer fresh juices and quality dishes that are fresh. We ordered the poutine fries, the chicken Caesar salad, and a club sandwich. Everything was good except the salad was very light on the dressing and a bit on the small side. I would recommend the fresh juices as they are fresh and healthy. They have desserts and I have to recommend the chocolate croissant.
3	Went here for dinner and it was OK. Not amazing, but not bad either. Food was solid. We had the poutine, grilled cheese, and the pulled pork sandwich. My pulled pork sandwich was luke warm but had a good flavor. Cocktails were a little too sweet. Atmosphere is ok, music was almost too quiet, the restaurant was basically empty at 6:30pm (a red flag?) and it felt a little uncomfortable to talk for fear of disturbing the one other table of people there. Probably won't go back just because Vegas has so many other tastier options to choose from.
5	Quality eats at a good price. Lobster mac and cheese $17, loaded lobster roll $15, juicy grass fed beef burger for $12. Forward thinking American food fused with worldly flavors. We ordered many dishes and sampled from one another. The lobster mac and cheese was light yet rich; the pasta shells were large (not macaroni) and prepared slightly past al dente - perfect. The seared tuna was so buttery and served on a bed of Mediterranean orzo. The roasted pork sandwich was so flavorful and tasty. The lobster roll was simple but so good; it was filled with a generous amount of meat, the mayo dressing wasn't too much, and the bun was perfectly toasted. The burger was a grass fed beef patty topped with Gruyere and garlic aioli btwn a sesame bun. We came in for an early lunch and were a little hesitant bc the place was nearly empty. The decor is best described as an upscale cafe with a romantic steakhouse vibe. The staff is super friendly and the service is very attentive. Definitely will come eat here again. Pros: awesome food that is light yet filling, great operating hoursCons: none
5	Had the lobster shrimp asparagus Eggs Benedict...so good. Outstanding food and service ftom Johana. Atmosphere a nice break from noisy crowded Strip.
4	Really nice and cute place. It's barely noticeable, especially being situated in the same block as the Panorama Towers, so it's easy to drive right past it at first. However, it's a nice and quiet place to eat at if you want to avoid big restaurant crowds. Their menu consists of appetizers, some entries, and mainly sandwiches. The food is reasonably priced, too - most of the items are below $20. I had the onion rings and the shrimp & lobster mac n' cheese. The onion rings were really good - fresh out of the kitchen! The mac n' cheese looked more like typical pasta, but it's still pretty good nonetheless.Overall, I would definitely come here again.
5	Great food! Good scene.. Intimate environment and amazing drinks! The staff was friendly and accommodating.. I will definitely be back with my next conquest!
2	Meh. I expected that I would want to give this place 4 stars based on other yelp reviews and some friend recommendations, but no.  Our experience wasn't the greatest.  It began around 630 PM trying to find parking.  There's a red curb out front where cars freely park.  Where are the firefighters going to park? It was happy hour and the place was packed (awesome for business). The staff was very friendly and accommodating but we were confused by who was actually our server.  The food was the least impressive.  We tried the meatballs, pork nuggets and the Poutine.  I expected homemade but I'm pretty sure the pork belly was smothered in some jar sauce and the meatballs were previously frozen.  Also, the gravy in the Poutine seemed like it was from a mix. This place has so much potential! The interior is cute with exposed brick.  The little store attached is probably great for the residents nearby.  Fix the food, get the staff on the same page and resolve some parking issues and it would be golden.
5	I have no complaints here.  One of the best chicken caesar salads I have ever had. Chocolate Hazelnut Verene desert is chocolate mousse goodness, I might even see if I can order it without hazelnut.  Randi-lynne the waitress is amazingly awesome and funny along with Bartender Brittany super cool.
5	Eat here... I am a fussy-butt however my only compliant is that the tables are a bit low and I have to hunch over so I don't drop burger juice on my girls.lol
4	We ventured in on Friday night around 7:30 and had no problem getting a sweet booth. Hope the secret doesn't get out! Apparently they just started a happy hour...ends at 7, so we missed out. We tried some fancy cocktails. Around $10 each. Tasty. I had a ginger something. It was, indeed, gingery. We shared pork belly nuggets, meatballs and shrimp and lobster Mac and cheese. Nuggets were A-OK. They tasted too much like a bottle of sweet chili sauce for my liking. Meatballs were tender and very flavorful. Mac and cheese was spot on - deeeelish! Creamy, dreamy and generous on the shrimp and lobster. We finished with the ultra decadent layered chocolate hazelnut dessert with salty crunchy bits and a anchor steam. Pure bliss. For being so hip and swanky, I thought the portions and prices were quite reasonable. We felt cool just being there for sure. Definitely a fun spot to take visitors for some off the beaten path swank. We also had our 2 year old in tow which was no problem at all. Service was very attentive and nice. We will def go back. I'd like to try their brunch for sure!
5	Fantastic, unique food and the service bent over backwards to make sure this was the perfect gathering. A great place to have a gathering for a large group.
5	This place is so yummy, whether it's for breakfast, juices, smoothies, happy hour, wine, dinner, wine, smoothies, wine, it's perfect! The manager Ryan is super hospitable, the gals behind the bar are always friendly and Amber at the breakfast bar is probably my new favorite person in Las Vegas.
5	Service was friendly and very helpful. We had the BP burger and lobster roll with fried. The crinkle fries are crispy and tasteful. The bread on the lobster roll was also good, but the BP burger was the best dish by far. They have happy hour at 4 and a reverse happy hour for late nighters.
4	If you didn't know already, The Blind Pig is a slightly unusual blend of bar/lounge, restaurant and market all rolled up into a space just beneath the Panorama towers. The parking outside is pretty limited and although the space itself is pretty large, there isn't much seating if you do plan to dine in. Even with the limited space, this slightly hipster-esque joint has a very cool vibe and unique styling. The big booths are comfy and having pillows to lay back on after stuffing your face is always a plus. Oh, and quick tip...kids are more than welcome, but it's probably best to bring them along during breakfast-lunch hours.The menu itself is a lot larger than I expected and has quite a bit to offer, including several options for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Adding to the regular menu is Chef specials which seem to be available on any given day. They've also got a full coffee and juice bar that pumps out fresh squeezed mixes and smoothies. To start off, I had an iced chai latte which could hold it's own next to just about any coffee shop in town. It was smooth, creamy and wasn't overly spiced. We also had orange juice and a strawberry-banana smoothie that were equally delicious.I had a hard time deciding what to order since one of the Chef specials of the day was a meatball sandwich and I love those. Ultimately, I ended up going with the shrimp & lobster roll that I've had my eye on since I bookmarked this place though. The flavor was surprisingly great! There was enough Old Bay seasoning on there to taste without ruining the flavor of the shrimp or lobster, which were both nice and tender. I also appreciated that they don't drench the seafood in mayo. The roll was a nice texture and had enough butter to compliment the ingredients, but at just under $15, I thought the meat to bread ratio was a little off. There was a few bites where I was just eating all bread. Even so, it was a solid sandwich and the potato salad served by it's side was very tasty. Thick chunks of potato with a nice hint of mustard and again, just the right amount of mayo. As far as the pricing goes, the structure is a bit weird. We also ordered one of the other Chef's specials which was a pulled pork sandwich, and it was priced at $15. The pork was juicy and their slightly sweet but tangy BBQ sauce was great, but I questioned the price. Why? Well, because apart from the $14.5 shrimp and lobster roll, we also ordered a breakfast sandwich that was only $6. Obviously, it wasn't as big but with thick slices of bacon, 2 eggs and cheese on a English muffin, the value was much better. It was easily the best $6 breakfast sandwich I've eaten and was served with a delicious side of lyonnaise potatoes.Honestly, I came into The Blind Pig with pretty low expectations and I don't know why. I can happily say that both the food and serviced surprised me a lot. Extremely friendly and attentive staff, great food and a great ambience. We ordered a lot more food then we usually do for the 3 of us and walked out for $60. I am a fan and will be back!
3	Alright, so whenever I eat at various restaurants I don't take much into consideration from friends...since everything is based on perspective. With that being said I was recommended to check out the Bling Pig by several friends, so we did.Upon arriving we find, no parking. Where do you park? Under the overpass, in front...is there any other parking? A few cars were parked in red...we went into Bravo Tickets (business next door) and asked if we could park in one of their spaces, they were nice enough to allow this...but what if they hadn't...where were we to park?Open seating in a small-ish location, but were comfortable with our choice. Server or manager (blonde lady in white button up) asked if we wanted to combine tables, since there was 5 of us...we declined but thanked her for the offer. We placed our drink order then shortly after we placed our appetizer order:Pork belly nuggets - amazingPoutine - you can't go wrong with gravy cheese and crinkle cut friesQuesadilla - meh, wasn't impressed...I think I just didn't like the cheeseChicken wings - usual hot sauced wingsWe then order our entrees: Shrimp and lobster macaroni and cheese - incredibleSteak frites - great prep, and tasted greatSo far so good...right? No, I haven't mentioned the waitress...server...busser...manager...?Ok, so we have 3 people assisting us...cocktail waitress, whom never asked if we wanted another round. The server...she was hit or mainly miss...we asked 3 times for refills on sodas...my girlfriend ended up going to the bar herself for the refills. Our busser, Michael, was on point. I think maybe he needs a promotion as he helped us more than either of the other 2. Come time for our bill...the server as well as the cocktail waitress are talking in the back by the bar. I raised my had and waved like I was in grade school...nope that didn't get their attention. Luckily Michael had walked by and I asked him for the check, which he was able to break the 2 up from their conversation and the cocktail waitress brought over our check....she collected shortly after. We wait...we wait...we wait....server drops what looked like a check to another table then walked outside...the cocktail waitress was who knows where...10 minutes later i go to the bar and ask the bartender for our checks...he looked confused but wanted to help, looks back then says oh it's right here....seriously? Not his fault by any means, but why didn't the server or the cocktail waitress bring this out?I would love to go back, but it'll be a last choice if I do. Although one of my friends, whom dined with us, mentioned the bar staff was on point and their service was much better and they were very attentive. So maybe we'll go back and sit at the bar or just ask for Michael to assist us.
4	Ate lunch there...the service was great and the food was good...a mix of apps, sandwiches and pizza.  It was busy, around 12p, and it seemed to be doing a great lunch business right at the entrance to the Panorama Towers.  They even have a small market and deli for people to buy things and take them home.Had their house "BP Burger" and it was delicious...a well cooked burger with bacon, arugula, and gruyere cheese.  It was great.  My only comment is that it came with a small side of housemade potato salad and it was ok...I was not impressed.  If I wanted fries, it is an upgrade and a small extra charge.My friend had their meatball sub and it was a daily special not on the menu that our friendly server told us about.  He enjoyed the sub...it came with housemade marinara for dipping and he cleaned his plate.I would definitely go here again...thanks Blind Pig!
4	Delicious! Very cute and trendy spot. Menu is simple which made it even harder to make a choice. EVERYTHING sounded delicious! I ended up getting the French dip style roast beef sandwich. It was very good, I loved fried onions on it they made a welcome addition to the sandwich. It could have used a tad bit more of horseradish on it but overall it was good. My friend had ordered the burger and I was able to snag a bite... It was to die for. So good. The bacon added just the right amount of smoke to the burger without over powering the burger itself. We also ordered a couple of the signature drinks which were good as well. The only drawback I can say was the price it's a little on the pricey side for a burger or sandwich which side choices are coleslaw or potato salad. But regardless of the price I will definitely be back! I'm already craving a burger. It's easy to get to and the parking is convenient.
5	Super pretty inside, very chill place to have a drink and dinner. Not loud or overcrowded, and awesome service. Food is hands down the best I've had in a while.
5	First time trying you out this morning and I was impressed. Service was prompt, friendly, and on top of it, facility was cleaner than I could imagine, my fresh pressed veggie juice was delicious, full of flavor, and our meals arrived quickly, just the right temperature, and delicious.. i'm sorry I am just now discovering this place.. Really enjoyed it.. the ambiance, environment, its just a great place for any meal, any time of day, and the food caters to my healthy needs.. thank you for having a variety of juices, coffees, and smoothies to select from.. often times it's just coffee & water but I was so thankful to see other alternatives on your menu.. thank you! will return
4	This place is great for lunch.  I stop in frequently and generally get the chipotle chicken sandwich, tuna sandwich, or Caesar salad.  It's not over the top or anything, but they offer really good food for a good price, and it's fast and quick enough to get in and out and on my way.  The staff is wonderful and are always willing to substitute or make changes to dishes without a problem! Parking is VERY limited and the dining room is on the smaller side, so be sure to get their before dining rush hours.I would recommend it for friends, but not to plan a dinner date or anything beyond a good lunch.
4	My boyfriend and I tried this place recently and dubbed it as a douche bag pub since it was filled with over aged jocks and frat boys.  Other than that it was good.  I loved their cocktail list amd the food was great!  We ordered the pork nuggets which came out perfectly crisp and was accompanied by a sauce im assuming is made with sriracha..it was good!  We also shared the shrimp and lobster mac which he loved and I liked. Im not a mac n cheese fan and I still enjoyed it. It was good.  I like this place overall. The service was polite and on top on things.
5	Great service.  Everyone here is friendly. The food is delicious! I had the lobster mac & cheese and my friend had the shrimp and lobster roll which both were amazing!
5	Came in with a friend from CA, he also agreed great food. Also football game was playing so we got a few good deals on good specials and drinks. Nice staff, on point with service!
1	I did not even end up eating tonight because of the interaction I had with the manager Christina.After I looked over the menu I asked for a sample of the tuna salad. Our waitress comes back with an excuse and says she is unable to provide a sample for me because the kitchen was backed up and she's not allowed to get it herself. 10 minutes later the manager comes over and presents the tuna with a nasty and disrespectful attitude. After speaking with her for a few minutes, I let her know that there were multiple misspelled words on the menu. She told me that she knows but it is not her responsibility because this is not her restaurant. Her response made me feel uncomfortable because as a manager you should take responsibility for the mistakes within your restaurant. It's unfortunate that the manager does not care about the restaurant she runs because I enjoy the food and the ambiance. I did reach out to Block 16 Hospitality to give them the opportunity to make things right but I never heard anything back from them.
1	No genuine customer hospitality from management,  I ordered from this place everyday, and even ordered more than their normal rate as a reliable customer & I got no love.If your looking for a warm welcoming, this is not the place unfortunately. Very sad as I tried to give this place the benefit of the doubt.  But in reality, no true love to their loyal customers which I was once was.
4	If you have read my other reviews, you will know that I LOVE Poutine. Generally when I am looking for some where to eat and my boyfriend is at the same time, my searches start with Poutine while his start with wings. The Blind Pig has BOTH.The Blind Pig is so freaking cute!! I noticed it driving up the 15 headed for work once. It's kind of hidden on Dean Martin on the ground floor of the Panorama. I have since moved and this place isn't any where close to home, but I still make the trip. Worth it!They have a fun little menu and awesome beer choices. The prices are pretty solid too. Nothing is worse than finding a place you like but it's too expensive for regular visits.Parking can get crappy if it's crowded. The lot is pretty small. Also, remember it closes at midnight! So if you are looking for late night eats, you will have to stick with good ol' Peppermill.Another interesting thing about the Blind Pig is the market and deli they have attached. I actually haven't stopped in because I usually head here late (and I don't believe the market is open), but it looks really neat!
1	Horrible experience! After waiting 15 min for waitstaff to approach, I still had high hopes for this quaint eatery. Although the experience was the worst I've had in Las Vegas period! We have too many food choices for horrible Customer service and poor wait staff. My family spent 1 hour waiting on our food ( hamburger, salad, 2 pizza's) + we never received drink refills. Waitstaff is definitely not working as a team, not sure what's going on in kitchen and where's  the manager? Won't return!!
5	I'm a regular here at the Blind Pig, and I've tasted about half of the menu so far. Just about every item on the menu is really quite enjoyable. Here are some of my favorites aka MUST TRY:*BP BURGER*Ah, the Blind Pig Burger, aka the "BP Burger." Amazing juicy burger with bacon on it. Go protein style (wrapped in lettuce) if you're trying to cut the carbs.*KALE & GREENS (salad)*Surprisingly one of the best salads I've had that included Kale, which is typically bitter and tough to chew. The unique mix of ingredients (broccoli, cucumber, avocado, soy beans, glazed pecans, & green apple with agave mint vinaigrette) is really delightful when it hits the tongue.Order this with a side of salmon, and you'll enjoy it even more. Total comes out to about $20.*BLIND PIG CHOPPED (salad)*The Blind Pig Chopped salad is really good and has a tasty vinaigrette drizzled all over some deli-sliced chicken, garbanzo beans, provolone cheese, pepperocinis, salami, tomatoes, and red onion. *MEATBALLS*A fantastic combination of beef, pork, and veal. You get like 5 or 6 of them, which is just enough to appetize two hungry people before getting into their real meal.*ROAST TURKEY CLUB*This sandwich is plenty of food for anyone that is hungry. As simple as it is, its thick, and comes with a pickle and a side, so you better be hungry, or ready to get a box to bring home. One of my favorites!*SHRIMP & LOBSTER MAC N' CHEESE*Honestly, if I wasn't interested in staying in good shape, I would probably order this every single time. Its simply amazing. Shell pasta filled with a delectable combination of chopped up shrimp & lobster served with white cream sauce. Are your taste buds salivating yet?----------------------Now, lets talk about some of the NOT SO GOOD dishes:----------------------*CHICKEN WINGS*These are just, plain, chicken wings. If you're gonna spend the money to eat somewhere nice like the Blind Pig, don't waste the experience on these tiny wings. They're tasty, but too small, and you only get like 6 of them.*SHRIMP & LOBSTER ROLL*I tried this on a recommendation to try something else on the menu, and it was just too salty for my taste buds. Its basically a creamy shrimp & lobster salad inside of a piece of over-buttered garlic bread.I have yet to try any of their pizzas yet, but I've heard that they are amazing as well, and that I'm missing out. Soon my friends, soon.P.S. I accompany just about every meal with coleslaw. No reason really other than its the healthiest side on the menu. I would get the potato salad, but they make it with white potatoes, and I really only prefer red potatoes.Overall, everything on the menu is really enjoyable. Don't be scared to try something new at the Blind Pig, as their menu changes every once in awhile.
4	This was my first time at the blind pig! It was so cute inside. We got seated and the booths were so spacious (I love booths). We got menus and then realized we are probably waiting close to 10 minutes with out anyone helping us. We were on a time crunch and hungry so it became alittle frustrating. The weird thing is once we realized we had been waiting quite a while we looked for servers or bussers and there was no one to be found. Finally a girl came over too our drink and app orders. We got the gravy fries and the pork nuggets to start. Fries were sooo good!!! The pork nuggets I could have gone with out. The rest of the food was pretty good I got the BP burger and my sister got the lobster mac and cheese. The lobster Mac was good not nothing super special. I wish I had gotten a pizza it looked so good when I saw another table order it. Lastly, we waited for someone to come clear our plates, package up leftovers and get the check. This took  a long time just like before. So all is all...  Service was okay Food was good Environment was great Prices were very good.
2	I've been here over 20 times because I love this place and the food.However, the service is very low grade. They make mistakes with my orders 75% of the time. While waitresses chat with bartender(s) most of the time and are not caring for their customers. You almost want to raise your hand to get attention. Are they here to work or to gossip?
5	Best meal we've had on our trip to Vegas. Everything that our table ordered was super good. I halved the shrimp and lobster mac and cheese and BP burger and the shrimp and lobster mac and cheese is the best mac and cheese I've ever had and the burger was soo juicy and didn't need anything extra added to it. This is definitely a place we'll continue to go to when we visit Vegas.
5	I live right upstairs and come in almost every day, but this weekend seemed to stand out. What a great staff, they always remember you. And food is phenomenal There's a market attached too that delivers to tenants, could use better advertising.
5	I live at Panorama and the arrival of Blind Pig has been a godsend. Only wish they were open for late night dining. Fortunately, Tommy Rockers can satisfy on a pinch.  Blind Pig is excellent. They have an incredible beer selection and a few cocktails that aren't half bad. I personally recommend the Bad Hair Day.  The food is certainly the shining star though. This is the first place I've found in Vegas that is serving up a solid Poutine and if you don't know what that is, then I suggest you get down here and find out.  Anything with the Italian sausage is a home run as well. Get down here!
4	Have seen this place many times while showing properties at panorama Towers, and have always wanted to eat there today I got my chance and was extremely pleased I ordered the French doors sandwich and it was very tasty the au jus was perfect my daughter ordered the burger and we tool turns switching bites and we couldn't decide which one was better they were both amazing they have crinkle fries and we ordered the extra crisp and they brought to out just like we ordered them, a couple people next to us ordered salads and they looked amazing can't wait to order them next time!
4	Met friends here when visiting Vegas. I thought it was right behind city center and planned on just walking there (i totally forgot how not walking friendly Vegas was). It is actually across the freeway and it would have been an awkward walk there so we decided to just take a cab (which of course we got raped on the cab fare.) The place was roomy and decor was great. I assume most of the people there were residents of Panorama Towers. They also had outdoor seating for those many beautiful Vegas days. Their menu had great choices and I had a hard time deciding. I was a fool to get their pizza! Though the pizza was huge and pretty tasty. My favorite were the pork nuggets! I don't eat pork often but man these were tasty!!! They're like bacon but a bit sweeter and in cube form. You can just eat these with beer after beer after beer and it would be the best meal! Perfect little bites. My fiancee got the pulled pork sandwich special which he inhaled in about 30 seconds. We didn't even get to see what the dish looked like. lol. Our friends got sandwiches too but was not able to try them. They seemed to like it though.Service is fantastic, very attentive and helpful and totally sincere. It's a very cozy place, not loud and rowdy. It is pretty relaxing in there and they have a decent selection of beers. I recommend  Blind Pig if you live in Vegas or just visiting.
4	Blind Pig has been on my list for awhile and finally tried them twice now. The first time I ordered the BP burger and the second time I had the pastrami or Ruben.  I can't remember from the 2 because honestly was not that memorable. However, my first time I had the BP burger and it was absolutely delicious. One of the best burgers I've ever had. The patty itself was pretty thick and they used a good quality beef which I think makes or breaks a burger. The bacon they used was so thick and crisp, to the point if I dropped it on the floor it would have shattered. I can't remember what the sauce was but I think it was some type of mayo/ayoli. They used arugula for the greens, which I thought was a clever touch. But overall this burger was amazing. If you are a burger fan definitely order this. Both times I was there we ordered the poutine primarily because it's Canadian thing and hard to find anywhere in the U.S. I am not a fan at all, but I guess I could say it was good. The interior of this place can be best described as "dapper" with random pig pictures, but they are done tastefully. Service has been great on both visits. If you have ever wondered about this place I definitely do recommend them.
5	I really enjoyed my dinner tonight, loved the decor and atmosphere. Had the crispy pork nuggets and shrimp and lobster sandwich and they were delicious!!!! Great happy hour menu too!
4	I was working a job right near this little hidden gem, and we ordered lunch from them almost every day. OMG - SO GOOD!Each time I tried something different. The clear winners for me were the Pastrami Sandwich and the Chicken Cibatta. YUM!I grabbed a menu so that I was reminded to go back for dinner. Can't wait.My insider tip...it is right on the North side of the 15, across from the Aria walking bridge. Great place to grab an affordable, slightly off strip bite to eat before a show, on nights activities!
5	Not a fan of the chicken ciabatta but everything else I've had here was on point. The staff is very friendly and helpful with suggestions. If you're in the area give it a shot, if you're not in the area, get in the area.
5	Grea Beers Great Cocktails Bartenders are attentive and the Food is awesomeGreat expierence
5	I have driven by this place several times near Panorama towers and was finally able to try it.  Boy what a little gem of a place. The ambiance is darling, the service is great and the food is superb. I've been twice now and both times had the prime rib dip.  Best sandwich ever. Moist, flavorful, filling and delicious!   My companions have had the Urth burger (veggie),  lobster mac n cheese, and lobster sandwich.  All looked good! Can't wait to go back!!!
4	The place was a little difficult to find, but once I got here it was definitely worth the drive! I got the green revolution smoothie and it was pretty good. I would for sure come back here again next time I'm in Vegas :)
5	Excellent burger and good food in general.  Has some great happy hour specials as well.  Reminds me of a good hotel bar in Manhattan, no strip feel but not shabby like many off strip places that are reasonable on the wallet.
