4	If you can get past the naughty name, you will find a casual, fun, festive, Tex-Mex  joint. The walls are painted in bright colors and there is folkart everywhere. The Pink Taco serves up standard fare such as burritos, tacos, and quesadillas--some with a twist. I had the namesake Pink Taco (Panuchos) which has black beans, avacado, pickled onions, grilled chicken and salsa roja. They were pretty tasty, especially with the margaritas to wash them down. Pink Taco has great happy hour specials with 2 for 1 beers and margaritas and half price appetizers. This is a great place to unwind with friends.
3	The queso bean dip here is divine!
3	clearly something is wrong with me, as i didn't even notice the name until halfway through my meal.  the tortilla chips are the best part.  you could skip the meal and head straight to drinks
3	the chips may well be the only thing worth going here forbut the salsa,not so goodperhaps the expensive booze and cheap women are a draw?
2	The chips were pretty damn good and the food was made from good quality ingredients.  I just can't believe I paid $10 for a fricking burrito.  It wasn't even that big.  For $10, I want a burrito I can eat for 3 meals.They do have a really huge selection of tequilas though.
3	Eating tacos at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino is what being young, sexy and cheap are all about. Hey, I know you are going to spend hundreds for dinner, so why not take a cheap meal while you can? Especially, when you can do it at the Hard Rock.
4	One of the better values in vegas, this hip bastardized mexican place is pretty freakin good.  I got the baby back ribs marinated in some watermellon reduction.  Flan for desert was great.  1+ extra point for ironic  sexual innuendo in the name.
2	UGH--the name of this place is just awful.  I would not have chosen this place if I were choosing, but I did not get to choose.  I was in a large group and we waited for EVER to get in--even with a reservation.I am very picky with Mexican food and to me this was very sub-par.  It is in the Hard Rock hotel which is cool and it is close to the gift shop--so there is some really cool shopping to be done in there.The chips and salsa were good, but my meal was blah.  I would not go back to the Pink Taco---I just do not swing that way.
3	This was a nice place to have lunch after a long night out.  The food was better than I expected and the service was good! Recommendation for bachelorette parties: throw a lingerie bridal shower here - it's the perfect (appropriately named) place! That's what we did and it was awesome (although maybe a little embarrassing for the bride)!
5	No trip to Vegas is complete without stopping at the Pink Taco.  I love it.  The food is fine, but on a nice day -- say around 2 or 3 pm with the breeze whipping through the restaurant, I really feel like I'm on vacation.  Next stop: the Hard Rock pool.
4	oh my GOD!!!! cheap, good food in a cute location in vegas.....CAN THIS BE?YEP!  the name is funny, (but i kind of like it) and the food is delish!  i went on the last night of a bachlorette weekend and it just so happened that on that very night we made the bride to be wear a shirt that said (titties pow) on the back.....i think it needed an exclamation point.... (titties pow!) don't you....ah well it was the perfect attire for a taco place named after a woman's most prized possessionanywho, i think you should go....the fish tacos are yummy and when in the hell will you ever go to a restaurant with a name like that again....and if you don't get it....think harderdon't get the sangria, i think a margarita is a better option and of the three salsas they bring to the table with chips....def go for the green one
4	A fun place to start out your night, perhaps before going to Body English, also in the Hard Rock. Decent but not necessarily authentic Mexican food. The real treat is the good bar scene - and strong margaritas. If you like tequila, they have an impressive list to meander through. Come to think of it, just come for the drinks and get something basic like some quesadillas at the bar!
5	My favorite place to go in Vegas while I was living there for school. Super friendly waitresses, fun atmosphere. On a nice day sit out on the back porch next to the pool. Burrito Mojado is the best.
3	The food is just eh, so not authentic but still halfway decent greasy yummies....especially for Happy Hour prices! 2 for 1 drinks and 50% appetizers is hard to beat! Great music and fun people. Definitely a good place to start the night off! I'm excited for the Century City one to open!This isn't a place to come for food, it's just a fun place to party with your friends. I'm all about Happy Hours and this one is great!
3	Best Vaginal themed mexican restraunt on earth!  Other reviewers knock the lack of authenticity.  But, frankly, if I'm eating at a mexican restraunt named after a woman's anatomy I'm not necessarily looking for the place to be following strict traditional guidelines.  So, whatever.  The guac and the salsa are both really good here.  The food is fresh and good quality.  It certainly is overpriced, but its very nice and the waitstaff is RETARDED hot.eww, this is starting to sound like a review from hooter's.  i quit.
4	It's name is Pink Taco? Get it, Pink Taco? Ha. ha. ha..........How fast did that joke get old?The thing is their food is quite good. And for a restaurant in a major hotel it's one of the great finds of Vegas. The decor is fun, and the tacos are worthy.
3	The sweet corn tamales were decent, but the baja fish taco lacked personality.  The lowrider bicycles on display, however, were the absolute bomb.
3	The Pink Taco is a mediocre place with a clever name.  The clever name suits the Hard Rock clientele perfectly so the place is always bustling.I came here for lunch once and had to get a seat at the bar because there was a lunch wait for a table - that's definitely different.  Unfortunately, the wait is more a reflection of the 'hey, who wants to eat at Pink Taco (giggle, giggle)' mentality than of the food.  I've had better Mexican food at a Chevy's for chrissake.  There's just nothing fun or different about it.The restaurant itself is visually interesting and there's balcony seating by the pool, so that's nice.Nice just kinda sums up the entire place.  And who wants to be called 'nice?'
3	I've got Vegas-on-the-mind cuz I'm going there next weekend, so bear with me on the next couple of reviews...It really figures that The Hard Rock Hotel would have a restaurant with this name. (not a fan of the Hard Rock) Anyhoo, I ended up here after having spent all day making sweet "mouth love" to a large football-shaped drink in the Tropicana Pool. (never again) I was told this place would be "really tasty", and I have to say it was a little bit of a let down. Really, really average "mexican" food at best. I think I had some sort of lackluster enchilada plate with a creamy cilantro sauce. (the sauce was actually pretty good) Also, I remember having corn on the cob and it being DELICIOUS--it had some sort of garlic/mayo coating on it--sounds gross, but I assure you it wasn't! (NO idea why they served corn on the cob, btw) Honestly, this place earns 3 stars solely for the deelish corn and the margaritas. Sorry this review is so vague....but it's Vegas and I'm pretty sure I killed alot of brain cells that weekend.
1	With a name like "Pink Taco" you'd be a fool to expect authentic Mexican food. This is a place to drink and be seen, and not experience good food. My fish taco was a little heavy with the oil and the salsas were a bit watered down. Note to self: only buy drinks here next time.
5	Love this place!! Great carne asada and the sweet corn tamale app is so good its like eating dessert!! Chips are always warm and the three salsas are great! Great margaritas....favorite is the top shelf with floater of Negra Modelo!!
4	We were just outside Barstow when the xanax & valium began to take hold.  Had we traveled with Hunter S. Thompson, we might have indulged in stronger pills all the different colors of the rainbow.  As it were, it was husband and wife in a dark green minivan on their way to Vegas for the weekend and we needed something to calm the road rage.  It took us 2.5 hours to get from Woodland Hills to the 15/215 junction.   For those of you that know the geography, that's fucking insane!   Anyway, it drove pretty well from that point on, but it still took us almost 6 hours to make the trek, so that blew our reservations at Boa Steakhouse that we'd made for 7:15.My mother & stepfather, who'd been more intelligent than I (my wife had begged us to fly and I, stupidly, had said no) and had flown to Vegas from San Diego, suggested we try Pink Taco at the Hard Rock.  They'd eaten there before & loved it, so we took the car and headed out that way...Let's just say it took a while to actually make it to Pink's, what with the incidental fact that the Killers were playing a show at the Hard Rock Cafe and, errr... it made it rather difficult to find parking anywhere around.Cut to a table of 4 seated on the patio at Pink's.   Since this was our first time eating there, I ordered the Pink Taco and my wife got a massive huge burrito that... well, the name escapes me, but it tasted pretty good and had a good spicy kick to it.   The chips & salsas that they brought to our table were totally mackin', especially the verde salsa with roasted garlic, methinkst it was... Damn that was a really good salsa and we got a couple of rounds of that!We didn't really drink excessively.... It's funny how psychologically you alter your behavior when you're around your parents, no matter how old you are.   So a glass of Chardonnay for me...   The large group of women clearly celebrating a Bachelorette Party next to us probably did 5 or 6 shots during the time we were seated (about an hour total).   Anyway, the food was good but this is the place you want to come at night and do some serious partying...   It's loud, it's all twentysomethings having a blast...and it's all good!   The food was good, but definitely not authentic, and a far stretch from what I've had in San Diego or even in LA.   Very good solid Mexican food, but not very genuine.Minus one star for the big cockroach that was walking around the patio and made us slightly concerned about eating our dinners.   In Pink's defense, though, it was 106 at 9 PM so probably the cockroach was just looking for any kind of shelter or, slowly asphyxiating, was hoping some kind soul would step on it and end its suffering.   I would have obliged but my wife gave me a dirty look of disapproval.
3	The margaritas were delicious that night.  The tequila rolled over my tongue with a sexiness I hadn't felt in a long time.  God, I miss margaritas.  That's what I get for being on weight watchers.  That even after only two my body was revolting on Saturday morning.The music was a little loud, perhaps.  The waiter was a bit too happy, perhaps.  But this IS Vegas.  And the cheesy chicken thing I had was delicious.I believe that if I cared more about seeing and being seen, I'd like this place a little more. But I could care less and really just want good drinks, good food, and good service.  So, I'd say that Pink Taco adequately fills the bill.
2	I sat at the bar.  It was kinda crowded.  I was alone.  The girl behind the bar said, "I'll be with you in a second honey" to me and then proceeded to forget about me.  It was rather crowded however...    I finally ordered a Corona and the chicken tacos.  The food came about 5 minutes after I ordered it.  It was hot but I wasn't too impressed with it.  It was rather bland.  I ended up pouring salsa from the chips and salsa on the tacos so they'd have some flavor.  Anyway, it took longer to get some service than to get my food.  I'm not sure if that's good or bad.  The food is good if you like Mexican stuff but don't want it to be spicy.  I'd heard about this place before which is why I didn't get up and walk away when I got no service from the bartender.  I think it would have been better if I'd have gone to Cozymel's up the road.....
4	Pink Taco is definitely all you think about when dining here on a Sunday.  The Hard Rock Hotel's big pool party Rehab is on Sundays, and one could get super distracted by all the beefcakes and silicone filled ladies prancing around in their little tiny suits, some with the camel toe that gets your imagination working, and the name of the restaurant then holding some personal meaning.I did not actually have the pink taco, I ordered the shrimp tacos, and they were delightful.  The chips were home made, fried in the kitchen,  and the salsa was of three varieties, so i could mix and match to make my taste buds curious.  Pitchers of margaritas flowed into the glasses, and one of them even poured onto the table.  The waitress was so kind that when she saw a certain yelpers clumsiness with her pour, she actually replaced the spilled margarita, without us asking.  Our table for 12 was set us super fast, and I'm pretty sure everyone was satisfied with their meals, as well as with the distractions of the scantily clad diners.  This was the least expensive meal I had in Vegas, but never felt like it was a "cheap" meal.I forgot to buy my "I love Pink Taco" underwear, but maybe I'll pick up a pair the next time.  I would definitely return here.  Maybe they will open a sister restaurant somewhere in Vegas called the Roast Beef Curtain.... they could specialize in sandwiches, and not pseudo-Mexican food.  Just an idea.
4	As much as I love me some pink taco (obligatory luis m love of the pussy eating reference) I have never actually ordered a pink taco here.  I have had a few of their other menu items.  Their enchiladas are good, the chilaquiles are passable, the rajas and potatoes are a cheesy gooey delite, and the tacos are decent.  Probably a 3.5 star place but being located in the Hard Rock hotel/casino which is known for it's eyecandy and being so decently priced for a Vegas eating establishment makes Pink Taco a must stop at some point during your stay in Las Vegas.
4	Lunch time couldn't be better int he summer than at Pink Taco. Sit out on the patio and order one of their many specialty margaritas and watch the action at the pool while being in the shade. There are a plethra of great things on the menu, such as the rock shrimp, the enchiladas with green sauce, and the guacomole with chips and salsa. Pink Taco is always busy, the food is always consistant, and the service is good. For a big group make a reservation and they'll hold it with a credit card, great for a casual birthday!!
3	I like eating pink taco. There I said it.....WHEW I feel liberated. Especially since I just got out of a scissor fight. Mexican food is supposed to be filling and inexpensive. WTF.....CHEESE and BEAN dip. 6 bucks....Uh yea... NOOOOOOO!What actually made me laugh is the Mexican Turkey chopped salad. Mexico has TURKEYS???? The food here is not bad. It's good for what it is. But There's always too many people - For what it is - like non authentic attempt to mexican food. It's not bad. It's definitely over priced. The service was average. The food to me other than the mexican turkey....How...wha? I dunno  - there's nothing special. So plus 1 for average. plus 1 for name....plus 1 for fun.
4	We went to Pink Taco LV on Sunday afternoon.  We never made it to the Scottsdale location when we lived in AZ because there was no shortage of great Mexican food in the area - and well, with the kitchy name, we had very low expectations of the taste.Stanley K was right on about the chips.  As hungry/hungover as you might be (and as freaken long as it is taking for your food to show up), resist the urge to eat the whole basket of chips.  For the meal, we had the carne asada, and cheese enchiladas.  I was impressed with the enchiladas (ordered with cheese only, no chicken) - but I couldn't finish them because I was stuffed from the chips and the mediocre salsa. :(   The margaritas were tasty, decently alcoholic, and not overly sour.The decor was quirky, but comfortable, and the music was great.    We sat inside, but if you sit on the patio, you can observe the Sunday "Rehab" party debauchery in misted comfort.
4	The best mexican food in Vegas.  Love the chips, the salsas, and the quesadillas are amazing.  Try going on an off night like a sunday, or monday, to avoid the crowds of the weekend.
3	I can think of a lot of things for Pink Taco and they sure aren't Mexican.  Well actually, it can be.  But ... nevermind.I still can't figure out why this place is called Pink Taco.  Is it a ploy by the Hard Rock?  The people behind Rehab in the pool?  Is it a cruel joke for the local cuisine in Tijuana?  Nonetheless, people love getting their picture taken here for laughs and future giggles for dirty minds everywhere.  What most people didn't know is that it actually serves decent and expensive Mexican food.Modeled closely after the neon lights beyond the border towns (.i.e La Frontera!) like Tijuana, this hip joint is bright, busy, and can get intensely crowded.  Like every place here at the Hard Rock, its super trendy and that may be a turn off for some die hard Mexican food lovers.  But environment only has so much to do with the food, as the tacos themselves take the top priority.Don't expect taco stand prices here, as an appetizer may run you for a cool $16.  The tacos themselves are expertly prepared and look like they're out of a cooking magazine as they're so pretty.  I would even go as far as to say I had one of the best fish tacos here outside of Mexico and San Diego, all right here at this glamorized Mexican restaurant.
2	Yeah, the name is "clever" in that dickhead, frat boy way... but the place is merely a somewhat cooler version of Hooters.  Since I was in Vegas for work and didn't have time to f*ck around getting grub, I ate here twice during my Vegas work week since I was staying at the Hard Rock Hotel (where this PT is located).On my first visit the service sucked... I had to wait forever to get a menu and I was only able to order because a waitress who wasn't assigned to my area was nice enough to deal with me.  I ordered the Baja fish tacos (natch) and they were rather light on the fish.  Pink Taco ain't no Rubio's, but at least even they couldn't f*ck up a Corona.The second time I ate there the service was better.. My co-workers and I happened to venture in during Happy Hour, which meant 2-for-1 beers and appetizers.  Not bad... I once again ordered the Baja fish tacos and they were still rather light on the fish.. but since we were paying via an expense account they did the job.Pink Taco is like the chicks you see in Vegas:  Attractive in that slutty, tramp stamp way that makes a Motley Crue song relevant, but not something I'd pay for with my own money at home.
5	Wednesday's Special (at least the last time I was there): Shrimp Enchilladas in a Chipotle Cream Sauce. OUTSTANDING! A personal favorite.BUT, if it's not Wednesday and:(a) You're starving: then get the Chicken & Cheese Enchilladas with the GREEN SAUCE! (this comes with rice & your choice of beans)(b) You're hungry, but NOT starving: ask for (a) - a la carte, without the beans & rice!(c) You're in the mood for fish: the battered fish tacos are scrumptious! Soft on the outside, crunchy on the inside!(d) You just want apps: Batterred Rock Shrimp. Mmmm...ALSO: If you're not a big fan of rice & beans (which I am not), you can always ask to order the entrees as a-la-carte items! This will knock a few bucks off your dish, for something that you wouldn't have eaten (and wasted) anyway!Beware of the chips & salsa- they are tasty and plentiful, but save some room for your meal!You can't go wrong!
5	We had dinner here in May. The enchiladas were sooooo delicious. The staff is fabulous--shining personalities and they totally paid attention to us...and our near empty glasses. The place has lively, fun, flirty atmosphere. It's definitely a refreshing change from the strip. The margaritas are very tasty. Nice variety of salsas with the chips. Now I have Pink Taco cravings. It'll definitely be on my to-do list next time I visit Vegas.
3	Think Hooters meets Chilis, and you will get a sense of Pink Taco. This is a formula restaurant that try's to appeal to young men who drink a lot and like Mexican food, and the young woman who are GFs, wives, or looking to be either that follow the men here. Just like hooters is an Owl, Pink Taco is an actual taco dish and not a sexual innuendo. (Yeah, right!) This is the first location, inside the Hard Rock Casino and Hotel, established in 1999, followed by Scottsdale, AZ and this year in Los Angeles, CA. They are planning to open in San Diego and Huntington Beach in the near future, but had problems with the name  in trying to open up a second Scottsdale location. (They should have tried Tempe!) The food isn't bad, actually, and the all female hostess/wait staff doesn't wear pink shorts and t-shirts like you would find in Hooters. The food is better than Hooters, which isn't saying a lot. I tried the chicken and cheese enchiladas, which came with finely shredded chicken stuffed into 3 enchiladas, and covered with half green and half red sauce (my choice) and covered with baked cheese. Rice and beans came on a side plate, all for $12.50 during lunch. Chicken Tostada was $10.75, and the Steak Burrito was $12.25. Soft drinks were $3.00 This could be a fun place to go with your friends when a little drinking and humor are perhaps more important than the food you eat. My buddies come here to sit on the patio and see the hottie and groupie wannabees in their bikinis sun bathing by the pool, while thinking of eating a Pink Taco.
3	==============RJR - ISSUE #41=============="PINK TACOS - OH SO TASTY!"When you're in Vegas don't forget to stop by the Hard Rock Hotel and chow down on a Pink Taco...~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Panuchos (Pink Taco) - Corn tortilla stuffed with beans and topped with grilled chicken, salsa roja, pickled onions and avocado~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~The food here is not too expensive and it's always consistent!   I must say it's some pretty good 'cheap' eats for Vegas. And as you would expect from Hard Rock style...It's a fun atmosphere where the music is loud the way the crowd likes it!   Don't forget to order some Sangria and some buckets of beer!This place deserves 3 1/2 stars!VIVA PINK TACO!!!!
5	This may be the best Mexican place to eat in Vegas.  Really.  After spending of hundreds of dollars on mediocre "fancy" dinner elsewhere the night before, this place was a relief.  The food and service were phenomenal.  Not pretentious, like everywhere else on the strip, but truly delicious.  I will eat here every time I'm in Vegas from now on.  This place is a gem, and I hope it stays this way for a long time.
5	My favorite Mexican food joint in Las Vegas.  YUMM  Okay, this is one of the ways I judge a Mexican food place, the chips and salsa.  If the chips are good, I will ALWAYS be back.  Below is a typical order that I get with friends.  In case we someday meet, you'll know what to prepare yourself for.Appetizers:  Queso Dip and Beer Battered Rock Shrimp.  Entrees:  Mexican Turkey Chopped Salad, Carnitas Platter, or Sabana de Pollo.  Stick with these favorites and you won't go wrong!
4	I had a good time at pink taco; The chips were warm and I loved the margaritas. The food was satisfying, nothing extraordinary but not too bad. Nice decor, a little dark but who cares when you're in Vegas. The pool is right behind the restaurant but I haven't been there yet although it looked pretty inviting... lots of eye candy.
1	Probably the worst Mexican food I have ever had. And I have eaten at Taco Bell. Super low quality!
4	The great thing about this place when I went was that happy hour was on (4pm-7pm). All the bottled beer and margaritas were buy one, get one free. They also had great chips that were fresh and warm each time we got them, which also came with some tasty salsa (guacamole was the best) for FREE! The appetizer platter was another item we ordered, which included quesadillas, corn tamales (if you ever had Chevy's corn tamale, it is better than this!), beef and chicken skewers, and some kind of fried wrapped potato thing with cheese. BTW, the food was also 1/2 off. Not too bad for celebrating our end of the semester party with a group of about 20+ crazy nursing students!
4	I would only come here for happy hour! Those 2 for 1 drink specials cannot be beat!! I had two Pacificos for $6 and an appetizer platter for $6.88! The platter was enough for two people since everything came in twos! Two skewers (one beef/one chicken), two sweet corn tamales, two taquitos/flautas filled with cheese, and two cheese quesadillas! They were all good except the chicken skewer and the corn tamales were a bit too sweet for me!
4	My husband and I sat at the bar and enjoyed margaritas and tasty tacos!  Homemade chips were a bonus, but the salsa and guacamole was a little boring for my taste (bland and runny).
5	I love this place here.  All the servers are great and friendly.  The food is just fabulous, especially their ribs, sauteed grill shrimp tacos, and salmon.  It is "simply delicios."
4	***UPDATE: 6/23***Again, GREAT pink tacos (chicken, etc.).  Tried the app platter this time..split between 4 ladies.  YUMMY!  Had the guac...also yummy!  Great service, SUPER FAST...server didn't mind us walking to the bar in order to take advantage of two for one margarita happy hour until 7pm.  Left incredibly stuffed. Found out that for parties of ten or more reservations are not usually allowed unless the whole party wants to eat from a set menu for a minimum price of $30 per person, not including drinks.  We happened to speak to a great gal who was able to help us out a bit after a few days. ********************************Happy hour margaritas are the best....friday until around 6 I think.  Tacos are yummy. All food is yummy actually. Fun crowd. : )
5	At first I skeptical about this place because of the name, assuming it was another one of those clever scandalous name places with good looking waitresses and not so good food (ie Hooter's). Service could be a little better. We came here before clubbing at Body English since it's located in the Hard Rock Cafe Hotel and Casino too. I was surprised how good it was. Once you walk in they have an authentic Mexican lady making tortillas behind a glass wall (typical Vegas show). They serve fresh, hot chips with 3 very deliciously fresh distinctive salsas. All three are different yet good in their own tastes. I ordered the tostada salad thing. It was the right amount of food before a night of clubbing. The lettuce was fresh, and light, and nothing was overpowering the other. I really, really enjoyed it. The decor and atmosphere is pretty good and fun! I would give this place 4 out of 5 stars because I think my coworkers whom I came here didn't really like what they ordered (taquitos were a bit starchy). Personally I give it a 5! Not a bad place, I'd go back again, if there weren't so many nice places.
1	Horrible! Possibly the worst Americanized fake Mexican I have ever had and way over priced. If you are in Vegas and want Mexican, go to the Taqueria Canonita at The Venetian.
4	my boyfriend brought me here for my b-day last weekend. we thought the food was decent and good portions, also not too expensive. for the cheap ass people who want a $4 burrito, why are you eating in the hard rock casino, ofcourse you are gonna spend a little more! we had a great waiter, he never kept us waiting for anything. Also the place is loud and fun, it has the hard rock vibe. all and all we had a great time and i would definetly come back.
4	Pretty darn good. Fresh, fun and delicious.The tortillas are all homemade in the front of the restaurant and are awesome! The chips are also fresh and very good.The pink tacos are pretty original with pink onions (pickled?) beans and grilled chicken. They come with rice and beans. I didn't care for the rice  - it was pretty tasteless and boring.
2	I have had better mexican food.  I guess living in southern california i get the experience of more authentic mexican food than pink taco.  We got seated fairly quickly especially being a party of 17 people.I got the carne asada tacos which came with 3 tacos, side of beans and rice. The rice was too hard and not very flavorful.  The beans were your typical beans.  The tacos were ok, not that great.  I had asked for gucamole and sour cream but it never came out.I wouldn't come here again being in vegas in the future.
3	The food here was fine. We had lunch here during our vacation. I had a chicken quesadilla off the appetizer menu, which I couldn't finish, and my boyfriend had the "pink tacos". Service was good and we were seated quickly, but it isn't the best Mexican food I've ever had or anything like that.
4	Armed with a fist full of dollars a couple buddies and I stumbled into the Pink Taco wondering what the talent would look like in this place and WTF?  This is a Mexican food place? Good thing we were hungry !!Sure, it is not an "authentic" Mexican place, but ummm, you are in Las Vegas right? Show me one thing here that is authentic and I will hand you that fist full of dollars I showed up with !!I was pleasantly surprised with my experience here. Chips and salsa showed up promptly, the drink order was a close second and the guacamole was very good. I enjoyed the shrimp tacos (friend shrimp) and my buddies enjoyed their meals as well. Everything served had a very solid showing and the prices were reasonable.Why 4 stars?  We sat in the open air patio in the back and enjoyed the oasis away from the mob scene found just outside in the casino. What a great way to catch up with some old friends and I am pretty sure one of them will know how to get to Sapphires anyway.
4	07/04/08 - When I first walked in I was like WTF??? A taqueria inside of the HardRock Casino??? but I gotta say the atmosphere and the vibe was awsome! Lots of hot ladies getting their buzz on and decent music makes a good combo. The Talent was HOT also!!! The hostess was looking mighty proper! On top of great service the "Panuchos" (chicken tacos with pink onions) definetely hit the spot after all the beer!  They were really good! I would definetly eat here again.
1	This has to be the worst Mexican food ever.  I'm not picky about authenticity - on the contrary, I grew up on Tex Mex and love it.  But I'm astounded that anyone could actually mess up queso dip.  It's spicy cheese dip, how did they manage to make it so totally gross?  Maybe it was partly because we had a divine meal at Nobu the night before, but it was awful and I would not eat there again.
3	Living in Tejas, it's easy to get good Mexican food. I'd say this is baja at best. The taquitos were ok...I'm not big on cheese rolled up and fried. The guac was fresh and very tasty. I had the Fish Tacos Baja Style and I have definitely had better...these were way bland. I had a bite of Michael's dish and it was FANTASTIC...the Sabana de Pollo with Chimichurri (paper thin seared chicken breast topped with beans, melted cheese, grilled onions and serrano chile served with rice and pico de gallo salsa)...and I don't like chicken.And I've never met a fried ice cream I didn't like...this was one of the best.This menu is hit-or-miss...the items are either incredible or completely blah. The service was great, probably due to who we were sitting with...i'll take it though.
4	I liked the atmosphere at Pink Taco.  The service was prompted and the food was tasty.  When I first got my burrito I thought it was small, but it is filling.  The funny thing about eating at the Pink Taco for dinner is you see a lot of people from Rehab earlier in the day.  So the party never stops and we all seem to recognize each other.  I wouldn't mind spending more time in this place if wasn't headed to party at a club.  It seems to be a fun environment.
4	Pretty damn cool place, foods a little like a chevy's, but way better in quality and atmostphere.  Prompted me to go to the kick off party when they opened in Scottsdale a few years ago, because I enjoyed my first visit in the LV one so much.I am a huge fan of all the salsas, and the fish taco's.  I could totally eat this for several meals on a trip to vegas - my next trip, this will so be my pre-rehab lunch!
5	This is a new fave place of mine.The servers were nice, the food was great!The tortilla chips come with three different salsas.  Yum!I ordered the chicken and cheese enchiladas.   Very good.  Too much food for me to finish by myself but I tried.It can be pretty loud in there due to the music out by the pool but if you sit near the back it isn't so bad.I wish I had gotten a shirt.   Next time.
5	I love this spot! My favorite place for Mexican food in town. It's at the Hard Rock, so that's a plus right there. You gotta love seeing C-list celebs stumbling around town, and Pink Taco has them from time to time.Great spot for Happy Hour. I always suck down a few margaritas or beers and usually go for the chicken nachos. A big plate of sloppy nachos piled with toppings. And my favorite part of the nachos..... the liquid cheese. Gotta love the liquid cheese. Some other favorites are the shrimp tacos and the burrito mojado. Good stuff!
4	i loved this place its the coolest.  Its such a cool thing to hear about a restaurant or a club in a far away city and then actually get to go there!!  The tacos are really good and the service was great.  It was clean and had good muzik to eat too........for some reason that's important to me I'm finding out as i yelp more, I'm a Mexican food lover its pretty damn good here.  When your done you can cruise across the hall to this hookah bar and have a smoke if you know what i mean so cool love the ambiance
3	Pink Taco is one of my favorites because the menus are pink and sparkly and the waitresses never mind when I come in with my hot pink Pink Taco shot glass, and of course being loud and obnoxious doing tequila shots is just so much fun. The food is pretty good for out of California Mexican food....I like the chicken tostada salad, it would be better if it was steak...but, we can't have everything we want...They freshly make their tortillas, which I guess is pretty standard now, but still a plus in my mind. The one really unique thing is the tequila pina colada....it was pretty good, and if you are doing tequila shots, being able to order a frozen drinks without mixing rum and tequila is amazing.
3	Good food and reasonably priced.The corn tortillas were great and I liked my margarita.The decor was awesome.  I'd definitely go back if I was at the Hard Rock.
3	My tacos were good, but my rice was yellow (?) and the refried beans looked oldish.  My margarita was yummers though. I liked the decoration, and I'd probably go here again 'cause I really like this hotel.
4	It was my first time to Pink Taco and it was pretty good.The carne asada tasted great.  A bit more pricey than your usual Mexican Restaurant but the service and atmosphere was good.  It was cool that they give us chips and four different salsas.  and the best thing is...once you're done you can go to the casino and gamble.
4	Alright, enough political crap that I had to get off my chest.  Let's talk Vegas.Only been to the Pick Taco once, but it was really good.  The Hard Rock has a fun presence and I'm looking forward to checking out their new poker room/lounge on my next visit.  The Pink Taco is worth the trip alone though.
4	We only had 30 minutes to eat before my 7 PM poker tournament.. and miraculously we were able to get in/out in under 30. Impressive in itself. As many have said.. happy hour rocks. Petpeeve is that drinks are all 2-1 and mb there are only 2 of us dining and one likes beer and one likes margaritas.. kind of annoying I can't order myself 2 maragaritas (so I like to double fist!)! 1/2 off nearly all appetizers. Chicken nachos were good, not great. Rock shrimp ditto.. margaritas ditto.. oh and why don't you have the green dos equis, the brown one isn't nearly as good? Four stars instead of 3 because the service was pretty quick, and I can honestly say this is the best mexican I've had in Vegas thus far. Yes, better than Isla, or Viva, or Bonita... I'm nuts.. I like tex-mex. Also, an extra star for having a happy hour that's half way decent and lasts until 7 PM!
3	The roomie drags me to Hard Rock to check out the new poker room.  Haven't been to HR in several months - a frickin' nightmare trying to figure out where to park ( finally opted for valet )after a few hours of craps and poker ( wtf is the deal with paying a $1 to change out one of your hole cards ?!?! ), we opt on some din-din at Pink Taco.  I seem to recall eating at a pink taco in Scottsdale, i assume related.order a hornitos margie on the rocks ( $9.50 ) carnitas platter ( i believe $15 ) guacamole ($7 ).  roomie gets the shrimp taco platter $12.75the chips with the 2 salsas - decent.  the guac - ehhh, a little strong on onion but ok.  The carnitas were good - i prefer carnitas that is simply the salty  roasted pork  variety with no sauce and then i'll add the salsa when i rolled it up in the tortilla.  this had a sauce and the pork was in chunks as opposed to shredded.  it was still tasty.the shrimp tacos - very average.  coated shrimp, a little too greasy.overall, i liked the place.  if i'm in the HR and want a quick bite, this place is worth a visit.total bill ( incl 2 margies and a virgin strawberry daiquiri for the roomie ) $61
3	The Pink Taco was pretty good.  I had the panuchos which are their signature dish.  I wasn't expecting the flavor to be so good.  My first bite of rice was sort of bland, but when I started eating the beans and the tacos the rice was perfect.  It complemented the rest of the food.  The tacos are "pink" tacos because of the pickled onions added to the top.I had a pomegranate margarita martini.  It was very good!I would go back if I happened to be staying at the Hard Rock again.  It was quick, easy, and tasty.  I'll have to check the Happy Hour specials next time.
3	Meh says it all.  Good salsa & chips, shitty tacos.  I'll give it three stars for hearing my wife say that she "ate a pink taco".Sigh, if only....
3	The Guacamole had no flavor. Not necessarily memorable. The meat didn't taste authentically Mexican... but that's coming from an authentic Mexican. It was decorated nicely and I like pink tacos though, so... 3 stars.
3	I went to Pink Tacos because my brother likes it.  We ordered a pitcher of margarita (beware, I thought it was supposed to be half the price that it actually ended up being) and a tostada salad.  The margarita was okay, the salad was okay.  Service was okay.  Everything was just okay.  I would go back again just to try something else.  Cute decor.
5	"Pink Taco"--gotta love the name! LOLInteresting place. Awesome atmosphere.The "Pink Tacos" were great and the mexican corn was amazing!I love corn! ;]Viva!Joanne
4	LOTS of food. Eat outside, it's better that way. I loved the Mexican corn. The sangria was pretty good. The pink tacos were yummy. Don't order as much as you think you need.
5	Unlimited chips and salsa and buy one get one free Margaritas during Happy Hour: that's why we go.  The food isn't spectacular, but their signature dishes are innovative and good, although a little pricey.  There are certain menu items you can't get anywhere else.  Try the Panuchos (Pink Tacos) which is made with chicken.  You have to order the Pink Taco Margarita on the rocks with salt.  The BEST!!  It's Jamaica based and you can't get it anywhere else.  Usually, we get too full on the drinks because it's buy one get one free and it has to be the same person, so expect to buy two drinks.  So we usually just get one plate and split.For some odd reason, this Pink Taco is way better than the one in Hollywood.  And it's not because we're in Vegas and we're already having a good time, but the quality of the food and especially the drinks are better.  I know this because I've ordered the same drinks from this location and the one in Hollywood and Vegas wins!The atmosphere here is fun and the patio is right by the pool.   This place is for lounging: eat, drink, converse and be merry without a sense of time.
3	I have heard about this fun Vegas resturant for one or two friends and they loved it.  I thought it was ok nothing to brag about.  But the secenery by the pool and in the casino was great. Beautiful people at this casino resort.  I had the pink tacos that came with beans and rice.  The tacos were decent and the rice sucked.  The bartender was friendly and quick with my beers.
4	Muy Bueno!Pink Taco fits the Hard Rock perfectly.  Think of it as a rock and roll Mexican food joint.  Great bar and selection of drinks with amazing margaritas, good food, service is always top notch.  I've been here several time and will continue to go back.Atmosphere:Great theme throughout the restaurant.  Not a quiet place, but what do you expect from the Hard Rock.  It's more of a party spot where you can mingle at the bar or just enjoy good food.  There also always swarms of eye candy here as well...so enjoy.Service:I've never had bad service here.  Everyone is always on point.Food:My most favorite item is the sweet corn enchiladas.  These are muy delicioso!  You are served unlimited chips and dip, which is always a plus especially if you're just enjoying a few cocktails.  The tacos are great as well!
2	Meh indeed. Though Pink Taco must have had its good days it definitely isn't a good Vegas dinning destination. The food was mediocre, the service horrible. We had a big group and had to go with the prix fixe menu. We also opted for the all you can drink beer and wine. Drinks not only took forever to arrive but the wine was worse than 2 bucks good old chuck. Advice, stay away, gamble away, and treat yourself a much better place.
4	I don't know if this would be actual dinning option since there are many better ones inside the Hard Rock. But if you want a spring break style munchies meal, this is It. $.99 tacos after 10pm on Sunday nights was a good way to start your night at Body English. I came here and got 3 tacos, and a margarita for about $10 a person.  I think you can't beat this deal if you have the munchies. At least they don't serve margaritas at the drive thru.  I gotta give the Pink Taco some props for their quality service as well.  Great bar tender, and prompt service.
2	If you like copious amounts of sodium, this is your place. They could easily rename this restaurant "Salt Death" and it would fit perfectly. This is no place to write home about. Do yourself a favor, get a beer or two at the bar before going to a better venue, take a picture in front of the PINK TACO neon sign, and then leave. Forget about this place, never go back. I had the Chicken Fajitas, but I could have easily eaten the same exact meal at any Chili's restaurant or Chevy's any day of the week. The chips and salsa were decent. We asked for a top-shelf margarita and it was not that great.The only amusing part of our meal was a large boned girl sitting at the bar with her friends. Her ENTIRE ass was hanging out the back of her pants. It was amusing, but did nothing to give this place more than 2 stars. Sorry Pink Taco, I will never return. Just another part of the Hard Rock Hotel that sucks.
4	Always skeptical of a cool name, I still managed to be lured into Pink Taco. I braced myself, because my expectations always run way too high when I like the name of a place. Pink Taco, however, lived up to the hype in my head.Salient pink and funky decor set the vibe in this place. The three salsas that come with your chips slap you silly as you decide what to order. The taco menu is what I came for. I was happy to see some variety. I ended up going for the fish tacos. I asked for no rice and beans and our server offered to substitute vegetables. A kind gesture--but they were a little greasy and odd tasting. Upset stomach problems were imminent.The fish tacos are a subtle masterpiece. Nothing about the description prepared me for their goodness. I was expecting a disappointment. The place was too cool, the salsa too good, but every dog has his day. I think it's Pink's serrano-cilantro sauce that helps make this an outstanding taco. The batter on the fish is also quite tasty. I wanted to slap the chef the tacos were so good. Thus far I've only found one other fish taco worth jabbering about on my taco journey and this one has supplanted Berryhill's in Houston's fish taco. In fact, it has buried it.
3	i didnt know what rating to give. its a toss up or should i say -- its a crap shoot. hahha1.chips and salsa - good2. vegan salad and rolled tacos - good3. beer and tequila - goooood4. is where i have a problem - seeing guys from AFI ? does pink taco get another star cause we seen those guys?? - good??5. eating pink taco 2 days in a row - not good!!! unless you need to "cleanse" if you know what i mean.
4	Food is good.  Great for happy hour (but often extremely crowded).  You can see the woman making corn tortillas from scratch.  I've only eaten in the bar and during happy hour.  The tacos and appetizer platter are very good.  The happy hour margarita is a good deal, don't miss Cinco de Taco on the 5th of every month.
5	Me and my buddy had some time to kill before the show at the joint           ( August burns red, as i lay dying,norma jean, the devil weras prada) awesome show! anyways...i was already prepared to go all out and treat myself.  I ordered a chimichanga meal and it was one of the best that i have eaten. it was well prepared every little detail, and they also had great chips and salsa.  I also had some coronas with my meal and i dont know where they get their coronas but these tasted awesome.  Most of the time they taste kind of burnt when you get em at liquor stores. it was just an awesome dining experience and i recommend eating there the next time you go to the Hard Rock.
3	The place is mediocre. First of all, I may be biased because I'm not one who goes ga-ga over Mexican food. But, they do serve a nice portion of free tortilla chips with 3 different salsas which was very nice. I bought a cheese and chicken enchillada meal which was decent, but like I said Mexican food to me is just bleh. We sat outside and they have outdoor heaters, sadly the heaters get way too hot and the temperature can't be adjusted--either it's too hot or you just leave the thing off cause it feels like you're getting sunburned sitting under it. Once the meal was over, they give these fortune cookie-like pink tacos. Honestly, they taste like shit. Everyone at the table took one bit and put it back down. Ick. Anyway, it's a good place for groups and service wasn't bad.
4	Based on the previous reviews I guess the hubby and I just got lucky :) I really enjoyed this place! Thought the decor was super funky and fun.  My meal was delicious, as was the hubbys.  Maybe our bodies were just starved for something that wasnt deep fried eaten at 5 a.m., who knows.  I ordered the carne asada tacos and my husband had the chicken burrito.  Everything tasted so fresh and yummy. Chips were very good, prices were good...I would definitely go here again.
3	the food was just ok.  The one in LA is much better.  If you like to people watch and listen to LOUD music, you'd wanna sit outside.It's pretty amusing seeing drunk people dance (most got not rhythm) @2 pm while being sober and talking over bon jovi songs!
5	OMG, where do I start? The atmosphere is sooo cool; it fits nicely in the Hard Rock Hotel. It doesn't get any more rock and roll meets cool mexican restaurant.The service is fantastic! The food is amazing! You have to try the sweet corn tamales! When we travel, I don't like to eat at the same places because I want to experience more, but we ate here 3 times on our last trip to vegas! It can get expensive, especially with cocktails, but overall, awesome and worth the money!
4	Cool place!We stopped in for dinner, and while the place was kind of dead, had a great inexpensive meal (unheard of vegas). Those chips are damn delicious and nearly ruined my 3 steak taco dinner. Happy hour is pretty nice, 2for1 on bottled beer as well as 1/2 priced apps.My buddy says this place is usually rockin on a thursday night, and really something special once Rehab starts up in may.
4	It's been a little while since I've been there, but to break it down, here's what I remember: 1.  Excellent chips with a salsa trio2.  Good food (I ordered a burrito.  I don't know what I was thinking, because I'm really only a fan of taqueria burritos, and this was one of those knife and fork gourmet logs.  In any case, a return trip would call for something else - like quesadillas, nachos, carne asada, or some kind of combo plate.3.  Excellent environment to get a night started4.  Excellent margaritas
4	Stopped here for lunch.  Chips had a good texture with just enough salt.  Three different salsas were offered and all three were quite tasty.  The portions could have been a little bigger.  I ordered the breaded fish tacos and they were very fresh and flavorful.  Could have used more lemon though.  The decor was eclectic and colorful.  The waitress friendly and attentive.My only quibble is that the meal cost me $15 for the meal and a soda.  A little high, but no regrets.Tom
4	I normally don't like to indulge in the heavier types of foods when a lot of hot girls in bikinis are partying either in the restaurant or two feet to the left in the pool...but this place was good enough to warrant my chip attack. Probably the most inexpensive meal we had and the tastiest.
3	The food and service are nothing spectacular, I'd go back again because its a cute place, and its Pink Taco =)It's a hip place to grab a bite, a drink, and people watch.  I saw Carey Hart the last time I was there.
4	Awesome decor! Really nice wait staff and reasonably priced for Vegas. My cheese enchiladas get 3 stars, but my wife had the "pink taco" and they were great! They had some kind of pickled onion on them that was super tasty. They also feature tricked out low rider bicycles for your viewing pleasure.
4	My wife and I always start off our trips to Las Vegas with lunch at the Pink Taco. It's one of our favorite Mexican places to eat in Las Vegas.It's traditional Tex-Mex fare,but it's all pretty good. Make sure you get some of the guacamole. Don't load up too much on the chips & salsa (even though its hard not too). Make sure you leave enough room to enjoy your entree.The service is usually pretty prompt & attentive also. Can't wait to go back.
5	This place is soooo much fun! Great food and good concept. Who doesn't like pink tacos??? If you wanna start off a night of drinking this is the place to go. The location is not the best. It's in the old person casino- but I think its worth the trek.
4	What's not to like about a restaurant named Pink Taco! Well, during my stay in Vegas, I really wanted some Mexican food, and my local friend took us here.  I wasn't expecting authentic Mexican by ANY means, but this place sure delivered on taste.First off, they bring out various salsas and chips. All were very delicious and flavorful.  I had the chicken enchiladas for my entree. Not much to say but it was tasty enough that I didn't leave a drop on my plate. That and all the other entrees were fairly reasonable also-$10-12 a pop. However, one thing stands out the most about this place is the oh-so-strong margaritas! I definitely recommend getting them and hey, if you don't finish yours, you can always take it to go! I love Las Vegas liquor laws!One minus-it's located inside the Hard Rock hotel off the strip, making it difficult to get to without driving to it.
4	Good, fresh, mexican in a fun environment. Staff is always pleasant even when dealing with tons of drunks. The food can be kind of heavy but that comes with the territory. It's also a bit expensive to standard mexican restaurants but I think you're paying more for the experience in which case I think the price is worth it.
3	Hmmmm...naming a restaurant with an obscure anatomical reference is a bit distasteful. It is like naming a a pet store " The one eyed snake" or a seafood joint "The bearded clam". Maybe It is just my mind being in the gutter at all times. As for the food. I am not really a huge fan of Mexican food, so my review may already be biased. I had the asada burrito and it was nothing great. The meat was not any better than any other Mexican joint that I have experienced. Being located in the Hard Rock hotel, it definitely has a party like atmosphere This place is more about the social scene than the food.Party like a Mexican rock star!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Surprisingly decent Mexican food. I had the enchiladas with half-and-half sauces and liked them. The margaritas are big and good. Best of all, mostly hot hostess and waitress staff. Come on, this is Vegas...
2	Their pink tacos were not that good.  I went with two of my friends, and they werent that crazy about their food either.  I would give this place a second chance, but my first time wasn't as good as I thought it'd be.  Also, they had advertised some happy hour and when we went there they didn't have it.  The atmosphere here is cool, a lot of young people...oh, and I saw my brother's long lost twin! not related, but it was a spitting image of my brother...really weird.  Confronting this guy cause I thought it was my brother was prob the highlight of my experience here.
3	So I finally made it to the infamous restaurant with the euphemistic name, Mr. Harry Morton's Pink Taco. My verdict? It wasn't great, but it wasn't terrible either. Just overrated and very, very average.I decided to eat dinner there before the Big Bad Voodoo Daddy concert. Of course, the name is what attracted me, and I'm sure that's what attracts pretty much everyone who goes there that knows what it means. ;-) It was Happy Hour and they were having a half-off special on appetizers and drink specials. I didn't have any booze, but I did have taquitos filled with cheese and potatoes with sour cream, pico de gallo, and guacamole, and of course, tortilla chips, which are a staple at every Mexican restaurant. Both were surprisingly good.However, when it came to my entree, chicken enchiladas with rice and beans, it was bland and tasted like it was pre-made, I kid you not. I believe that is the case with all their food, since my taquitos were brought to my table literally five minutes after I ordered it, and the enchiladas arrived not too long after that. I had "Mexican" tiramisu for dessert, which wasn't bad. Not the best dessert I've ever had, nor was it different from regular tiramisu. Decent service, nothing special.So, this place didn't blow me away. Just because a restaurant has a name that causes a little bit of a stir doesn't mean it has the exceptional food or service to back it up. A little disappointed, but I wasn't really expecting much to begin with. Would I come back? Possibly...Maybe I'd give it one more chance and order something else from the menu that I like better. Perhaps that's the case. If not, I'd be better "eating out" somewhere else. ;-)
4	Pink Taco is great! The outside is great during the summer. The chips and salsa are amazing as everyone pointed out.The quesadilla and the shrimp tacos are excellent!
3	Not bad Not bad. Our server was really fun and nice. We got SOOOOO MUCH food because we had our meal comp'd by a friend. I didnt like the shredded pork tacos much. Fish tacos were BOMB! Nachos were BOMB! I cant remember what else I ate cuz I downed a few beers but I remembered it was BOMB.COM!
4	Okay... I like the chola-inspired low-rider bike motif... I HATED REHAB...and the old man liked it (and, we may finally break up after almost 3 years of non-committed bliss : ) )... I kid, I kid.  Needless to say, I was all giggly when the server told us that the meat-market was closed during Super Bowl (the only time he visits)... Yeah for me... too bad for him, and his buddies.  Anyway.  If you enter Pink Taco from the inside, you may just feel like you are dinning at a Chevy's... if you go into this place from rehab, you will cringe a little.  That is all.
2	You don't go here for the food. I have eaten here at least 10 times but it will never be anything better than just eatable. It is however full of interesting objects both stationary and automatonic individuals with upgraded body parts.
4	I stayed at the Hard Rock for my bday and ended up eating here everyday of my stay! The first day me and the bf shared appetizers and the last day there I ordered the pink taco dish, which was the bomb! The meat was tender and the pickled...(iforget) was pretty tasty too. The chips ans salsa were great and I love the different varities of salsas :) We sat at the outside patio, so we had a lil view of the pool area where Rehab is. Overall the service was pretty good ( better the 2nd time) and the food was great :)
3	For being a restaurant inside a hotel, this spot is worth checking out.  It's almost 4 stars but the food is just too damn expensive for what it is.Cool points for being inside the Hard Rock Hotel and maintaining the rocker vibe while still having a mexican restaurant feel.  I love the open air patio that overlooks the pool, and how the doors are open so there is a breeze inside the restaurant. More cool points for making fresh tortillas for everyone to see.The chips and salsa comes with 3 types of salsa ... and they are all pretty good.  My chicken fajitas were very good at $15, but the portion was kinda small.But hey, lets face it...  don't we all want to try out a place called "pink taco" ?  Good job with the name, marketing people.  Their pink taco clothing is pretty popular too - I noticed a lot of people coming in to purchase their apparel.*final cool points for seeing Carey Hart and Joel Madden while we were there*If I say "cool" one more time in this review I am going to make myself sick.  I need a thesaurus.
4	What can I say?  The guac is awesome, service is quick and I like the ambiance... plus I always tease my girlfriend that I will buy her a shirt (or something else) from here!
4	Upon our arrival to the Hard Rock Hotel, we were told that our room would not be ready for quite some time, so we decided to grab a bite at the reasonably priced, Pink Taco.  The hostesses, who may just have been two of the skinniest late teenage girls I have ever seen, showed us to a relaxing table on the patio.  We sat and enjoyed the sun, while pining for our pending hotel room so that we could change for an afternoon at the pool.  We got the Vegas party started with two huge glasses of their red wine sangria.  The sweet concoction was full of fresh fruit chunks from apples, pears, oranges, and more.  The alcohol was definitely present, but the drink went down as easily as juice.  (Or was that just because of our Vegas excitement?) Our meal was prefaced by a bowl of extra crunchy, salty tortilla chips with three different dipping salsas - one sweet red version, one spicy green type, and another unique blend of chili oil and avocado chunks.  Each sauce was full of fresh, ripe flavor.My friend and I both ordered the tasty Vegetable Tostada Salad.  The platter consisted of three corn tortillas that were topped with soupy black beans, chilled sour cream and fresh guacamole.  These petite shells were then loaded up with shredded romaine, "Mexican vegetables", cheese, tomatoes, avocado, and onions that had all been tossed with spicy and sweet chipotle vinaigrette.  The salad was a refreshing welcome to the Southwest.The service was also friendly, quick, and efficient.  We enjoyed our fiesta so much that we went there again later on in our vacation and have even craved it since.  Pink Taco was a great lunch option that steered away from the pricey pretense of most other Vegas hot spots.
4	Server Deana, GREAT!!!! all the food was good, servers were great too look at, outdoor seats are a plus for me, I don't like loud and stuffy. ]Got the burritto and I have to say the taste is weird but a good weird.. Id eat there again. I do have to say to get into the damn place with VALET is a task. I said i was staying there which he wanted to verify and I couldn't, so i told him hey im here to gamble and eat, be cool.  He was cool and let us in.  THANKS AGAIN :)  D
2	Pink Taco has all the hype of a great Tex Mex restaurant. But the food was sub par. I would've been better off going to a local joint such as Fausto's for a more authentic dish and for a great price.I had a chicken dish with chimchurri sauce. It was supposed to be the best  pick off the menu.The chicken beaten to a thin strip was ok. The rice was stale.The salsa was a bit too salty if you can believe.This place may be better if you're drunk and don;t notice the taste is the bottom line.
3	Food was great but the service was just "ok".  Russel was our server.   We were sat at a table that needed to be cleaned.   We were told 3x someone would clean and finnaly our server did .The margaritas were rely tasty.   The queso bean dip was amazing.I have eaten here at least 10x and it's always pretty good.  This time the service kinda sucked, but hey I'll be back
5	I love this place! We spent a week at the HRH/C in October and ended up inside the Pink Taco everyday for one reason or another. Great margaritas, perfect atmosphere, and being so close to the pool the people watching is as delicious as the nachos. In my hometown there is a mexican joint every half block and for what you get for the price it is in my top two of all time.
5	We've had lunch here several times, I remember being skeptical the first time setting foot here, but was very pleasantly suprised.  Service is very good, and the food is fabulous for such reasonable prices.One bit of advice, if  you sit outside, they have some overhead heaters that radiate warm heat downwards.  Maybe it's okay on a super cold day, but I didn't like it.  Not all the tables have the heater, just ask to be moved if it bothers you (which they did no problem).They also have some nice souveniers at the entrance.
3	Everything had a middle of the road franchise restaurant feel to it; not great but passable.I would not rock this pink taco... well not again.I think that 3 stars is generous. The tacos were ok nothing great. I am from california and we have some killer mexican food. The theme "pink taco" was entertaining but that was really not that entertaining. The wait staff was rude and not very attentive.
2	OK, my step mom has been going here for years, and she has said on numerous occasions that she will never go back. First of all, the waitress very rude and barely came to our table. This may be because we had a larger party, but there was no reason for the way we were treated. When we walked out we heard one of the hostesses whisper "bi***" to my Stepmother. Not ok. I guess i would have understood a little bit if my Stepmother was actually being rude, but that just wasn't the case. Another thing is the food. I got chicken skewers, which were supposed to be really good, but apparently they had changed the recipe or something. They tasted like something i had never tasted before, and that is not a good thing. The mashed potato taquitos could maybe feed a mouse, if it was small. not worth the money by any means at all. The only good things about this place were the chips, and the tortillas. there are so many other places in Vegas that will treat you the way you should be treated, and have food that actually tastes good. Don't waste your time or money, and go somewhere else. We would  have had a better Mexican food experience by going to Taco Bell.
4	The chips, salsa and guac are good.  I think the ambiance is nice and the service is pretty fast...check out the open kitchen production line.  Overall, not the best food but their overall package matches up well for Las Vegas.
3	The only reason I'm giving Pink Taco 3 stars instead of 4 is because of some rude behavior from the staff right before the restaurant opened.We arrived at 10:58 to find unlocked doors and staff walking around inside. We believed that it was open so we entered. After standing inside waiting to be seated, an employee and supervisor came in from the outside and rudely asked us to leave. I would have no problem with this if they used at least some sort of common respect and tact while asking us to get out 2 minutes before they opened.The server on the other hand was very helpful and displayed sincere professionalism. The food was pretty good and came in amounts that matched the price - something rare in Vegas. I had the carne asada and was very pleased with it. My girlfriend had a chicken quesadilla and let me tell you, it was STUFFED with chicken. Pretty good. My other 3 friends were content with their meals as well.An overall good experience with the exception of those two staff members. Maybe it's just me, but as a customer who is about to spend my hard earned money on a meal I expect some form of respect or at the very least common politeness.If you're staying at the Hard Rock stop by, if not it's nothing special so I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
2	service was really good.but the meat tasted old. the melons were dry, seemed like they got chopped up 3 days before they brought it to us. after having their dinner felt kinda sick by the time we got to the hotel room. still feel sick right now even though its the next morning. i ordered 3 carne-asada tacos and it did not come with guacamole, n when i asked for guacamole they were gonna charge $ 3.00 Extra. real weird.
2	The hostess are very obviously not hired for the size of their brains, but hey, its vegas. The food is subpar, even for the prices it;s a ripoff. I got a sangria and it was bad news. Didn't even drink it. I bet the margaritas are better. I will give it another shot I guess but honestly, I would rather go to firefly down the street.
1	I can maybe understand giving Pink Taco one star because the tacos I had were actually really good.  However I really wish I paid more attention to the verbal reviews I received that warned me against eating here.  For, despite enjoying the flavor of the carnitas tacos while I ate them, the price I paid for the next 36 hours of gastro-intestinal misery was far from worth the few moments of guacamole deliciousness.  Normally, I would just attribute my digestion issues to residual side effects from drinking a yards worth of margarita composed of the absolute best of the bottom shelf alcohols, but when everyone else in my party started canceling their plans for their last night in Vegas in exchange for a bed/bathroom/pepto/alka-seltzer combination, my powers of deduction left me no other choice than to blame pink taco.I don't think I'll eat here again.  Las Vegas has too many other amazingly fantastic places to eat. FIN
4	I was excited to finally eat here. I ordered Carne Asada tacos and rice and beans. The food was great the chicks were hot. The chip and salsa were good.
3	What a difference a couple of years make!   We came to Pink Taco on Saturday to get a good solid Mexican lunch.   Last time I was here I ordered the Pink Taco and had been seriously impressed.   This time I went with the Fish Taco and thought I got totally ripped off!   Thank God for the Queso dip we got as an appetizer.  In fact that's the *only* reason I'm giving this place 3 stars instead of 2.    I'm all fine and dandy with the fuck-you-i'm-a-rocker-and-you're-not vibe everyone was throwing at me.  You're right, I'm not a rocker.  Fuck you too.    That said, I'm here for the food so stop inspecting each other's chiseled bodies and go make me some decent fucking food, alright?!?!
5	We started with pitchers of margaritas, chips and salsa and holy guacamole. The guacamole was excellent as were the trio of salsas served with the chips. I split the sweet corn tamales as an app as well, which were incredible. The fresh sweet corn kernels were outstanding and the masa was good. I was torn as to what I should order. I was feeling like something flavorful but not spicy, which isn't what I normally go for (the not spicy part). So, I ordered the chicken and cheese enchiladas with a tomatillo cream sauce (served with rice and beans). The beans were smokey and not my favorite, but the rice hit the spot as did the enchiladas. The sauce really made the dish for me...I can't pass up tomatillo sauce. Our service was quick and so was our food. Our table of seven sat, served and ate in just over an hour. Granted, we were there on a Wednesday night in January, but I would definitely go back again.
4	I thought the Pink Taco was pretty good. I am not sure about the who gastro intestinal issues other reviewers have had, and I am not sure anyone on Yelp really wants to hear about that. Here is the long and the short of the matter. This place is solid. they make all of their own tortillas and chips. I really liked the shrimp tacos. They did a nice job of cooking the shrimp without over cooking them. In addition they had fresh avocado and a spicy mayo sauce thati was just fantastic. They always have cold beer and rock on the radio. The atmosphere is pretty electric and the wait staff is very friendly. Make this spot a place to go on your Vegas trip!
3	Hmm I wonder what the proprietors could possible mean by "PINK TACO" :) Appropriately named for Vegas ,this place fits the bill for a good place to start for a night of debauchery. Happy hour from 4-7pm means you can get nice and inebriated before the night even begins...and being a little drunk might help to make the food more palatable. There may be many iron chefs, top chefs, and michelin rated restaurants in vegas, but pink taco is clearly not harboring any of those chefs or accolades.          the first time i ate here was many years ago for my bachelorette party- the meal was a blur of tequila shots- many many tequila shots-ughh i feel sick... the food itself- no recollection....             this time around we started out with the guac, margaritas and the corn tamales. guac and corn tamales- yum!!! we were off to a good start!! The corn tamales had a nice corn sweetness which went really well with the masa. The guac was just delic. The margaritas were where things started to fall apart. Definitely made with sweet and sour mix with a little too much mix thrown in- gross!         for dinner I ordered the fish tacos- huge mistake- BIG... Yeah i know they're fish tacos, but being overwhelmed by a fishy smell is not how I like my fish tacos. simply put the fish was less than fresh. I'm giving this place a three for the awesome apps, but unless you're looking for a fantastic place to start a bachelorette/bachelor night of drunken mayhem, I would avoid this place....
3	For as long as i remember, I've always made it a point to stop and grab a meal here when I'm in Vegas. The location isn't too hard to find as it is in the Hard Rock Hotel. Atmosphere of the place is on the hip, rocker side. Some attractive guests and hostesses. The selection of tequila and speciality drinks are really good. If you wanna try a particular tequila, this is a good place to try ones you may not of heard of. My particular favs would be Tequila Corralejo and Casa Noble. The Mi Casa margarita on the rocks is a great starter. My main food order is usually the tacos. Either the carne asada, carnitas or the fish. The salsa is really good to with tortialla chips which are a bit on the thicker side so it has a nice crunch to it.
3	The atmosphere and decor both definitely outdo the food at Pink Taco. I have been here a handful of times and never had a superb experience, the food is always just average, service is good, but the decor and vibe of the entire restaurant is what saves it from completely sinking. I went there for lunch today, I split a Chicken Tostada Salad with my co-worker and we both tried the Chicken Tortilla soup. The salad was just OK, but I will give the soup some props! It was perfectly made, with the right amount of ingredients to broth. Sometimes they put so much crap in soups trying to make it better and I think it ruins it, I didn't order chili I ordered soup! Their chips are also amazing, they make them there!Other than wishing I could have had a Margarita on my lunch break today, I would go back for lunch or dinner, but more for the experience of being at the Hard Rock Hotel and enjoying good company, not so much for the food.
3	This place has a great happy hour but when we went there the waitress did not advertise it to us at all, we had to ask her about it. I hate that. If you have a happy hour, you shouldnt try to hide the fact that you have it. Let customers know!! It makes them happy!! DUH!!!The food was good. Margaritas were yummy. The atmosphere was great, I loved the decor.
4	I live here in vegas and I love this place.  For a strip resteraunt it is cheap and has a great and fun atmosphere, one of your best casual dinning places on the strip.  The food is great and taste hand made, there is a lady usually making tortillas from scratch when you walk in. The chili rubbed skirt steak is dynamite and all the tacos are good too.  The chips and salsa also rock.  If this place wasn't on the strip I would eat here more.  Do expect a long wait but what do you expect.Better than T&T at the Luxor.
5	My husband and I always make a trip to Pink Taco when we come to Vegas. We love this place! The food is great -- we have never had a bad meal! My husband gets the carne asada with beans and I usually get the chicken enchiladas or chile rellano. The steak nachos are to die for and we sometimes eat that as a meal alone. And the bean dip is excellent if you like black beans!
3	The Decor was really cool but the food was just ok. We all loved their salsa.  It's best to go during happy hour.
4	I can't believe I am giving this four stars considering the service.  Maybe it's because It was pretty good and pretty reasonable as far as hotel restaurants go.  It is definitely one of those places where you're not going to be really attentive service but what can you do.  We had the stuffed tacos with avocado and a pickled red onion slaw.  Great place for groups where you don't want to shell out too much.  Plus, it's a mexican restaurant so it's a guaranteed good time.
4	The chicken tacos were the bomb!!  I havent had such good tex mex in a while and this is up there... the guac was great too...Because I went on a Sunday I also got to laugh at all the drunk tourist coming out of Rehab...boy oh boy...what a fun Sunday!
5	This review is long overdue! After catching "year long disaster" opening for "Foo Fighters", we literally stumbled into the Pink Taco. Convienance is #1 especially after the concert was over. We both had way too many drinks at the show and were starving. So we guided by the crowd into the PT and found 2 open seats at the bar. I had water since for the last 3 hours, I was fighting to keep my drink down. I normally don't drink that much at concerts for fear of fumbling my lunch. So we order green chicken enchilada's and 7ups. These were the best I ever had. No Joke. My Abuelita was replaced in about 45 minutes of feasting on these bad boys. Beans and rice was as authentic as I ever had in East LA or at home. Sure, I was drunk off my ass but the favor was on! Mucho Saludos a los cocineros. There may be better "Mexican" food places, but if your catching a show at the Hard Rock. Stop by and have a plate of "the best I ever had" green chicken enchilladas. Next time, we are staying at the HRC since we stayed at MGM. That was a long ass walk but the things you do when you got "LONG ISLAND ICED TEA BALLS". If you don't agree, I will meet you at the 10fry & Soto St and throw down for my honor! hahahha Keep on yelping.
3	Decent food, decent vibe, located in the hard rock hotel.  A nice solid spot for visit.  I got their pink taco was pretty good.Would come back again.
4	We used to frequent this place quite a bit when we were locals and were happy to return. We split a pitcher of sangria and it was enough to make us happy! We also ordered the queso bean dip (love this stuff!) but the real standout were the potato taquitos. Soo good and unexpected! Our service was excellent and allowed us to take our time to finish that pitcher without felling rushed. This place is worth a visit!
4	What can I say? I Heart Pink Taco!!While staying at the Hard Rock, I stumbled upon Pink Taco while feeling ravenous after an awesome day at the pool. I scanned the menu full of enticing entrees and finally settled on the Pink Taco Entree. I wanted something solid and an entree with the same name as the restaurant is most likely the best meal on the menu. I was not disappointed.  it comes with three delicious soft shell tacos, beans, and rice. The tacos were full of flavor and so juicy. I dabbed some hot sauce over it and I was in absolute heaven. We all loved it so much, my group and I ate there four more times during our trip!!
5	Phenomenal.  We had Carne asada and chicken fajitas.  Both dishes were excellent.  Great service,  reasonable prices and perfect portions.  What's not to like.
4	I don't like pink tacos, but I do like Pink Taco. Sure it's a little cheesy and the initial draw is the borderline inappropriate name of the restaurant, but you'll be surprised to find that the food and drinks here are legitimately good and strong. Big margaritas and delicious carnitas plus a comfortable dining atmosphere and nice servers. To top it all off, the prices don't make you want to head immediately to the casino afterwards to win it all back.Sadly, yes, there is now more than one. However this location is better to go to than the LA one. Strangely, this one is less flashy and I think the food and service is better, no slashies (waiter/model/actor/singer) 'serving' you. Been here with both the bf and also with my fam - it's appropriate in both instances. Only downside is it's so far off the strip. I'd recommend going here after shopping at the mall/outlets or maybe before or after a day at Rehab.
5	Best happy Hour in Vegas!@ the bar and bar tables2-4-1 Margaritas!2-4-1 Beers1/2 off Appetizers, Including the Award winning Nachos!
4	Wow, for an Americanized taco place in the midst of Vegas craziness to be decent, much less good? Four stars for sure.They have the basic meats.. beef, chicken, pork.. with corn and flour tortillas. I like a little more variety of beef (like a certain PART of the beef) but hold onto your stomachs, it's pretty safe to say they don't carry my favorite part here =/The meat was flavorful and not too tough, the veggies were fresh and the tortillas weren't too starchy, in fact, they were borderline home made status.Drinks were good, and apparently they have Happy Hour? Niiiice.
2	The best part about this place is it's name! The food was fine. Not good, Not bad. It's just Americanized Mexican food, Nothing worth writing home about.. not even worth writing any more of a review about either.
3	For all of the great places to eat in the area, I'd skip Pink Taco unless I were staying at the Hard Rock and needed something fast.  It's pretty standard Americanized Mexican, but I think they dropped the ball in a few key areas.First off was the chips and salsa.  The chips were A+, some of the best restaurant chips I've ever had.  But the salsa...D-.  They gave us 3 different kinds: tomato-based, dark green, light green.  Each one tasted pretty much the same and had ZERO spice to them.I ordered the chicken tacos which came with rice and beans and also tried the chicken skewers.  The tacos were basically chicken and pico de gallo on a tortilla.  All ingredients were good, but how about a little cheese and seasoning to the chicken!  The chicken skewers had a little spice to them (finally!).The service was quick and everything came out correctly, but the waitress was clearly not in a mood to be friendly with a group of 16 guys who tip well.  Her loss I suppose.
5	Great service and really good food.
3	Just ordinary Mexican food. The salsa they brought for the chips were good, but the appetizers were just so-so. The enchiladas were ok, but the rice and beans tasted dull. Good enough, but nothing special.
3	Oh, Vegas. You're such a sleaze. The sleaze knees. You know how to make everything sound raunchier than it really is.Like tacos. Pink taco..now if that isn't a graphic innuendo, I don't know what is.One might take it the wrong way. As in...is this a "lesbi-honest" kind of restaurant...or is it open to all orientations?One might also upset a family from Idaho if you pass them in the halls while talking on your iPhone saying "I SO want to eat a pink taco. Or maybe THREE!! Damn, I've been craving them ALL WEEK!!"Settle down, people, it's a tex-mex taco joint. Take away the sleazy name, and all you've got is your standard mexican fare, where the only thing that's gonna get you hot and bothered is the hot sauce. :)Anyway, so I order the pink tacos, because I rationalize that if they're going to name the entire restaurant on one entree, it must be the fucking bomb. Well, it was 'aight. I think it tasted better than it really was, because I was in town for a work convention and I was surviving off protein bars and almonds the majority of the time. You could probably just serve me refried beans in the shape of a taco, and I would have thought that was the best meal on earth at that very moment. But hey, I'm not complaining. It was way more affordable and much tastier than the convention center food. Not saying it's so good I want to come back kind of good, but it does the job, the servers are nice, and the place had a chill vibe.
3	Ventured forth to the Pink Taco for my birthday dinner, happily clutching a restaurant.com gift certificate in my chubby little hand.  It was a warm Sunday evening and since we are both smokers, we opted for patio dining.  The Rehab party was in full swing at the pool, which borders the Pink Taco patio, so conversation at normal decibles was not an option, but the people watching was pretty good.  Lots of hard-bodies strutting their tats and designer sunglasses. But I digress.  Back to the chow ...I had the carne asada platter and it was good - steak was tender and flavorful. My friend had the carnitas, which was disappointingly dry. The freshly made tortillas were mucho goodo, and the trio of salsas that they deliver with the chips are quite tasty!  The rice and beans were ho-hum, but it is pretty hard to make those jump off of any plate.Margaritas were yummy, but overpriced, although this IS Vegas and we WERE at the Hard Rock, so it was expected. Service was average.  I did appreciate the waitress giving me a heads up to check the seat cushion before I sat down, since "Rehab"-ers sit on the patio a lot and the cushions can become damp from moist booty.I will probably return in the future, just because it is one of the few restaurants in town that has outdoor seating where the tobacco-inclined are welcomed.
4	I recently had my first experience at Pink Taco and I was completely satisfied.  The Mexican-American restaurant is located inside the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino.  The restaurant is within walking distance from the famous Rehab pool and gives you an opportunity to get away from loud party and get a bite to eat.The dimly lit cantina has a nice Mexican aesthetic to it and is very warm and welcoming.  I needed to get away from the XFANZ Expo and was wanting a bite to eat, so I headed towards the restaurant and bar.  I opted to try an appetizer and I went for the house made guacamole and chips.  I accompanied the guacamole with an ice cold Corona, which only seemed appropriate.  Within a few minutes, my fresh guacamole and chips were delivered. My initial reaction was that the guacamole was good, but not great.  However, I added a splash of their house salsa into the guac and it really kicked it up a notch and made it much more flavorful and delicious. The three house salsas were mouthwatering and varied from a non-spicy salsa to a lightly spiced salsa and lastly a spicy salsa.  Two Coronas later and the guacamole in my stomach and I was a happy customer.  I highly suggest checking out Pink Taco if you're at the Hard Rock; I'll definitely be back to try other items from their menu.
5	Loved it! a group of us went here for dinner and it was soooo good, I had the carnitas tacos and they were off the hook. I will definitely be going here next trip!
5	Was in town for a visit, and my brother said we had to stop at this Mexican restaurant before the Linkin Park concert. Holy cow, what a nice joint! Awesome Guacamole, and the most thirst quenching Margaritas! They make a lot of stuff from scratch. The memorabilia and decor is cool! While we were there we met Hollywood Actor and Director Kevin Smith. Nice place!
2	Let's face it.... the name is the only good thing about this place.  I was pretty disappointed in the hype for this place and it honestly wasn't much better than a Chili' restaurant.They did have fresh baked chips and dip.  There were three kinds of dip which was nice.  But the food was really just average.Maybe if I had more to drink I would have enjoyed it more.  I don't really have any desire to go back
3	Despite living in LA, I've actually never been to the LA location and only to this one in Vegas. However, because of all the Mexican food I've eaten since being in LA, I'm feeling more and more confident about my ability to judge the cuisine.For a chain, this place is not half bad. I had the carne asada taco plate with comes with rice and beans. I have to say, I enjoyed the tacos. The meat was flavored well and topped with some nice pico de gallo. The rice and beans were another matter. The beans were downright gross and obviously mushed up canned beans. Blech. No thanks. The rice was also dry and bland. I'd stick to just eating the tacos. Another good thing? The drinks. Lots and lots of options and they do have a particularly delicious selection of margaritas. The bad thing? The prices. They are ridiculously overpriced for Mexican food. My taco plate was like $13 for three tacos and crap beans and rice. There is barely anything that costs less than that and nothing is that good that it's worth paying more. My advice? Drink the beer, drink the margaritas, and maybe have an appetizer but otherwise your money is better spent elsewhere (perhaps on a "Pink Taco" t-shirt that you can giggle at? Ha...)
5	I actually had my wedding reception here. AMAZING! We reserved the patio during a poolside Pepper concert and people kept trying to get through to the patio to crash our open bar and food, so they had to bad ass chicks bouncing for us. The food was amazing and they couldn't have been more accommodating. AND it was still cheaper than any wedding I've ever been to. It was a blast and I couldn't give this place enough kudos for making my day so special
4	Yummy. I love Mexican food, so I knew this place would be right up my alley. Fun atmosphere, friendly servers, and strong margaritas! How can you go wrong?! We ordered the app sampler - I only had the tamale, but it was awesome. It also came with quesadillas, chicken and carne asada skewers and a couple other items. Loved all three of the salsas that were served. With so many great options I had a hard time deciding what to order, but landed on the chicken enchiladas and was not disappointed. Cleaned my plate and left feeling like a complete fatty, but thoroughly satisfied!
3	Surprisingly decent food for an Americanized Mexican place.  Strong margaritas, great chips and guacamole.  The tortillas for the tacos were stuffed with black beans, and the chicken had great flavor and a nice char.   Not a bad place to chill with some drinks and check out the view at Rehab.
4	The food here is really good...especially when you're drinking, drunk, in the process of sobering up or hungover and recovering. It really just seems to hit the spot. We stayed here @ the Hard Rock and ordered food to go, and it was incredibly fast considering how long we could have potentially waited. The only bad part about the takeout is that apparently it takes a while to get some salsa and it caused my friend to almost blow a gasket. LMAO
2	I've eaten here a number of times over the years, and it seems to me to have gone down hill lately.  My buddy and I ate here today on the way to the airport.  The food:The chips and salsa were a waste of time.  The chips tasted stale.The dinner salads were pretty forgettable, too.  They arrived smothered in vinaigrette dressing.Well before we had a chance to finish the salads, the entrees hit the table.  If the salads had been worth finishing, that would have meant cold entrees.  We both ordered carne asada tacos.  I've had better tacos at Del Taco (fast food for those unfamiliar with the chain).  The tacos were served with rice and beans, neither of which tasted all that great.  The service:  The service was clumsy in my opinion.  The wait staff seemed far to eager to remove plates from the table.  For example, a member of the wait staff reached over me to snatch my unfinished salad off the table.  If a shortage of plates is the problem, buy some more plates for God's sake.    Our waitress didn't seem to be a good listener.  We told her at the outset we were finished with our trip and on our way to the airport.  Nevertheless, at the conclusion of our meal she offered desert and when we declined bid us an enjoyable vacation.
2	i tried the chips and salsa they give u before you get your meal. The Guacemole Salsa was amazing.then my food came outThe Tortilla was good. The Meat was bland...to put it simple...it sucked. My drunk brother even thought it was awful.Sorry Pink Taco, better luck next timelook on the bright sidethe salsa is good?I gave 2 stars cause the Salsa was that damn  good
3	This place would have been a better experience, had I not been to the Century City LA Pink Taco which surpasses this one in every way. I was so disappointed that they are not at all affiliated with one another, however they do share the same happy hours from 4 to 6pm. This one didn't have my firestarter margarita and the drinks just weren't as good in general yet still cost as much at $9 to 12. Food was good though, I liked how the Pink Taco tortilla were stuffed with black beans, we ordered them after having seen them made which had spiked our curiosity.
4	Shrimp taco was great. Beans and rice didn't mix well with overall flavor but the green salsa made up for it all!  Reasonably priced.
3	I would totally give this restaurant more stars, BUT the waitress lady would have been better off working at an retirement home for people who dont remember anything. She took forever to get the order, i know I was waiting on my friend but I told her I would like to order please :) Then I got no water, even after I asked for it, twice. Mind you, she did not have many tables to serve.If you like Sangria and you had REAL one before, DO NOT order this one. Its unfortuantely really yucky. The retirementhome waitress took it back, which was nice. The frozen margarita tasted as any other typical frozen machine crappy one they serve tourists that dont know better. BUT the food was REALLY good!!The chips and salsa were fantastic and the guacamole as well. I had soft tacos, and they were, even though INSANELY overpriced, really good.And, of course it being the hard rock hotel, the guy candy was not that shabby!
2	Food -  average. Pink Taco dish was decent, greasy like a TJ Taco Truck, also small in size, but with the slow service, drinks, rice and beans you'll likely be ready to move onto the poolService -  below average, slow like watching paint dryDrinks - below average. We had to send back a bloody mary or two because she tasted funny. And the shots of Brandy(to fix my cold, of course), took forever!
4	This place has patio seating and great view, I am not just talking about the pool and decor, the pool view here is like if you are visiting Hugh Hefners pool. Swarmed with hot people!This is why they get 4 stars instead of 3.I would normally give this place 3-4 stars on food quality. But all the food is fine! I expect a lot from the quality of rice and beans.I used to come here often, because I was so lucky to live 2 mins away. They  have OK drinks, that is why they don't get 5 stars. I had a bloody mary here, and although I enjoyed it, it could have been way better! Advice: stronger and less diluted please! (But maybe I feel this way because everytime I am here I am looking for a bit more than just a buzz, jk)
4	I don't exactly go to Vegas for tacos/chips-and-salsa, but I had a yearning for crunch, dips, and tacos.  So we drove out in the 115-degree weather, and landed at the Hard Rock Hotel's Pink Taco.  Upon entering the restaurant, you're not only greeted with the retro-looking swinging bulbs (made of empty half-beer bottles), but smothered by a whif of fresh corn tortillas on a hot-grill.  Thank goodness there was a piece of glass between myself and the lady making the fresh corn tortillas, because I would have been the first to reach over and grab a freshly made tortilla from the grill.  Once seated, the server brings this trio of salsas.  I was not properly introduced to this trio by names, so I created my own: Smokey, Green one, and Spicy.  All three had their unique flavors that targeted all different levels of heat on my flavor-chart.  My only complaint: they should have buckets instead of ramekins.  Perhaps a straw too? It was like speed-dating, when the next item decided to steal my attention - why hello, carne asada tacos.  The chopped onions and bits of cilantro nestled so cozily in between the chunks of steak, all basking with such glory on the fresh corn tortillas.  I almost didn't see the rice blending-in with the orange fiesta-style plate, perhaps because the creamy black beans were crowding their space.  Everything had so much flavor and presence, one fork was not utensil-enough to assist in this meal.  But really, please bring a bucket of the salsa trio, as I would like each of the three tacos to be accompanied by even more flavor-goodness. Four stars for the flavor, price, and speed of service.  When you're in Vegas, you want good food (that booze from last night isn't sitting so well right now is it?), at a good price (because the rest of the money was left at the tables), and fast service (so you can get back to the tables and claim what's yours to begin with!)
3	Run-of-the-mill, chain restaurant Mexican food. Service was slow on two separate occasions eating here. The rice and beans are sub-par.
3	the chips and salsa's were a great way to start and we hoped a good sign of things to come but we thought dinner went downhill from there. Food was bland and not real fresh. The staff was really attentive and we thought our waitress was top-notch but can't remember her name due to the all night bender which usually follows dinner in Vegas. I may go back but the Chile Rellenos is off the list now.
4	I completely forgot to add my review for this place after coming back from my recent Vegas trip...  Anyways it is super delicious, they definitely meet the mark for taste and quality.  They make their own tortillas!!  It's awesome and they are fluffy and off the hook.  Right when you walk in you see the lady behind the counter whippin' up some fresh tortillas.  They bring you chips with 3 different salsas to try... the avocado one is the best!  The corn tamales are a must; the cream that comes with it is OMG sooo goood!...  I think it's sour cream and butter mixed together.   OH, and if you add the two together... the avocado salsa and the cream...  OH WOW!!  I put on everything I ate...mmmmmm.  Yes it was good, very good!
4	Finally catching up on some reviews. Ate here a couple of months ago after seeing a comedy show- We went in and thought it would take a while to be seated so we ate in the bar area. The then boyfriend who is now the ex boyfriend ordered Carnitas I ordered traditional chicken enchiladas. We started with the Queso dip.First they brought out chips and three different salsas.  very delish!Then the Queso came ... not my fave. did not really like it, it had a smoky flavor plus it was kind of ... coagulated.There I said it... coagulated.not good texture for melty cheese!The food came out and it was so flavorful and good that I almost made myself SICK eating . Definitely want to go back -
4	I came here on a lunch date with one of my friends. I really loved the ambiance, it was so Earthy and pretty. The hot pink sign in the front made it all the more better.We got chips and salsa. They didn't have pico de gallo, but they did have 3 different sauces to try. It was mediocre, would've been better with pico de gallo though. We wanted to have room left over for dessert so we decided to split the appetizer platter which included sweet corn tamales, cheese quesadillas, chicken skewers, carne asada skewers, taquitos and guacamole. It was more than enough for both of us and it was all really tasty. After our food, we ordered fried ice cream and Churros  dusted with cinnamon sugar and served with chocolate cream. Both were to die for!I had a nice time here. I'd love to come back.
4	For Mexican food outside of Texas, this was very good. I had 2 other fellow Texans with me and we agreed. Fun place, great locale. The light green salsa was my favorite.
3	pink taco is yummy! its a pretty long wait especially on the weekends, but i love the salsa and chips. the queso is so good and i like the smothered burritos. the staff was very friendly too. The atmosphere is fun and the tequila selection is awesome. I think this is my fav mexican so far.
2	My friends and I decided to come here b/c of their happy hour. It was in our hotel as well so we figured, why not? This place is not terrible, the chips and salsa were good. I had one of the burritos and it was not good at all. It was chicken, rice, black beans wrapped in a tortilla smothered in red sauce cheese and sour cream. Believe it or not, it was gross. I also had a Cadillac Margarita, all sour mix. We didn't receive happy hour prices b/c we were not sat in the bar area, which is fine. Our waitress was awesome. The service is prompt and friendly.p.s. Where I come from you get complimentary tortillas with your meal, they charged us $1 for each tort and didn't let us know they charged for them.
1	Boy did the food quality drop majorly since I was here last. Apparently the hotel and restaurant were sold and you can tell the new owners really couldn't care about quality and service anymore.What used to be a hopping, full-of-fun and life restaurant is merely a shell of its former self. Food - if one could call it that - was awful. Stale, dry meat as part of the tacos and burritos. Rice and beans were like straight out of the can. All in all, it was pretty much disgusting.Service? Well, our waitress did try. I think she was happy that we were drowning our hunger in booze.
5	Awsome atmosphere! Made me want to get a tattoo. Nice young crowd with friendly service and delish guac! Good food and music make for a good dinner out with a few friends!
3	cute enough staff, decent enough food
4	I think this is my new favorite Happy hour place in Vegas!The Pink Taco is located inside the Hard Rock Hotel.  We got a great deal for $40 a night the last time we were in Vegas.  $40!  Can you believe it?Anyways, let's get down to the review of this place!We checked into the Hard Rock at around 3 pm and our group met up in the Hard Rock lobby at 5 pm.  While walking to the front desk, we noticed that there was a Pink Taco, so that is where we decided to go for Happy Hour.  4.5 hour drives and 90+ degree weather definitely had us craving for some discounted alcohol.We were immediately seated at the bar.  Service was good!  I wouldn't say all that attentive, but they get you in and out without too much delay.Between Andrew D. and I, we spent about $30 ish.  And boy did we get a BUTTload of food!  We were full for the rest of the day!Happy Hour Items:1.  Chicken Nachos (This would have been enough for the both of us to share.  We didn't know how big the portions were until they came out, but it's a BIG plate of nachos!  You'll love it! Hot and cheesy and crunchy with lots of toppings! You NEED to get this if you come to Happy Hour and it's SO cheap...$5-$6 i believe)2.  Steak Quesadilla (This is a pretty big portion as well!  It came with a generous side of guacamole and sour cream)3.  4 beers!!  They had this happy hour deal where you can buy 1 beer and get the second free.4.  3 fish Tacos (We ordered this from the regular menu because we weren't sure how big the portions for the machos and quesadillas were.  This came with 3 yummy fish tacos with beans and rice- big boy sized plate as well).So you see??? All those items for $30 ish!  It was a GREAT deal!  They also serve you tortilla chips and give you 3 little sauces to dip your chips in and they are DELICIOUS!  We all definitely left that place jolly and full!  Is there a Pink Taco located on this strip?  It's too bad it's located so far away, but other than that; I would definitely come back for their great happy hour deal! :)
2	Wow, after hearing so much we went for lunch and left disappointed.  I always ding if I don't get asked two questions:  "How is your food?" (shortly after it's served) and "how was everything?"  I didn't get either of these questions and were done with our meals before the server came by to clear the plates.  The rice was horribly undercooked and the carnita's were tough.  My masa tamales were decent.  The salsas served with the chips were decent but as a whole I've eaten at a lot better mexican joints than this.
2	Food was bland, not the best carne asada I have had, decent sized plates, got charged for extra tortillas and was told we charge for everything here, nothing extra is free.  I would not recommend, much better places all over town.
3	Pink Taco is famous? I assumed so since many of my group members really wanted to come here. I expected something a little more spectacular or unique with their quality of food. The chips and dips were GREAT. They offer 3 different dips (guac, cilantro chili and a red one ....yeah not very descriptive but best I can do!) and the chips were fresh. I just got full of of that.The sangria was okay as well. It tastes better the longer you leave it out and have the ice mix in. Maybe a little too strong for my taste.We ordered the PINK TACO dish. It's their signature dish right?!? Well, everything was a little too salty. The chicken was marinated well, but I was so thirsty after. They gave a generous amount of chicken with some tomatoes and lettuce on a freshly-made flour tortilla. A corn tortilla may have been better. The rice and beans on the side were salty as well but still tasty.The fish tacos were good as well, but the fish was a little small. I guess it fits the small tortilla.In the end, it's really filling and you will need to.....release some of it after! It was a pleasant meal but does not live up to its reputation.Pink Taco, youz a salty taco!
4	Began my Vegas Halloween weekend by doing grub and drinks at Pink Taco. The food was great and staff was super friendly and fast. Looking at the portions I thought I would be starving an hour later, but I was stuffed. It filled me to the point where I couldn't drink beer and had to turn to the harder adult beverages. I gave Pink Taco 4-stars because their pitchers of Margaritas on the rocks, while tasty, were kind of pricey. Eh, its Vegas though, and you've got to pay the cost to be the boss.
4	Honestly, I only ate here so I could get a Pink Taco tank top for my girlfriend. It gets 4 stars instead of 3 for having a name that makes me smile every time I say it.The food is good, though not particularly authentic (what is in Vegas?). The portions are a little smaller than I expected, but the service was fast and the atmosphere is hip and fun. It's one of those places in Vegas, you go, just to say you've been there.
4	The best thing about The Pink Taco is the Hard Rock Hotel scene & vibe. The food is good & fresh and the portions are large, but nothing you would not find in many other mexican restaurants.  The bar drinks are excellent with great margaritas The servers are attentive and attractive. If you are looking for a casual diner  of tacos, nachos, & burritos   before hitting the the Hard Rock then this is a good choice
4	good fun atmosphere in the hipster hard rock hotel in las vegas! chips and salsa to start was excellent when we sat down. portions were great - not too much but you definitely did not leave hungry. we got some guacamole to start and it was very good. the pitcher of sangria was solid and they gave us to-go cups so we could enjoy our sangria even after our meal was cleared. the name alone is a draw - even if it does conjure up juvenile giggles every time you suggest this place to eat.
4	The food at Pink Taco is nothing amazing..basic Mexican fare with a few flares here and there. What I did not expect when I walked into this Hard Rock hotel establishment was the abundance of tequila they had...and the prices per shot were not too bad (considering it's Vegas). I had a glass of the Milagro Reserve Anejo and El Tesoro Anniversary Tequila. Both were great...as the staff takes pride in their liquid refreshment. If you are in the mood for good tequila, served without salt and lime, then make sure to head to Pink Taco at the Hard Rock!!!
3	wow this place is LOUD haha, I felt like I had to scream to be heard. food is good but the portions seem kinda small for the price. I got the carne asada tacos and my bf got a burrito. he was pretty satisfied with his burrito because it was very meaty-- a lot of places tend to pack a lot of rice and beans. my tacos were yummy as well although I wish they were bigger!! I enjoyed my dinner but I don't think it's that delicious enough to come back, I've experienced better mexican food for a better price. it was a good one-time experience for Vegas I would say.
2	I never thought anything called the Pink Taco could be this bad, but it was.  From the sub-par and bland food to the horrid service, I definitely will not be coming back to this Pink Taco.  No thank you madam.  This is just one Pink Taco I can do without.
3	C'mon "Pink Taco", best name ever.
4	OMG. The best chicken nachos you will find anywhere and cheap! Haven't tried much else on the menu. Kind of expensive for Mexican but I guess it is the Hard Rock. The margaritas are great also, a little expensive but worth it. Quick service and you get free chips with three sauces. Yum!
1	With all the hype of this place I thought it would be way better. I'll admit I do not eat Mexican food often but when I do it doesn't taste like this place. My gf & I ordered two meals & two margaritas that came up to the total of $45!! REALLY The margaritas were fruity & not strong at all/food was bland/atmosphere were four dudes drinking at the bar & two other tables with 40 yr olds at them not talking very much The waitress/staff was cool & explained to me how to "comp" my bill since I was staying at HRH other than that my experience there was let's eat this overpriced food & get out of here to go get real drinks. Food came fast & was hot but totally not worth the price The chips/salsa were good & tasted really fresh they also gave you three types of salsa to go with it but the salsa wasn't too good either. Maybe it's me but I just don't get this place or the hype Would I eat here again? NO Would I drink here again? HECK NO
4	YUM!!!!The food is so amazing and you get so much for what you pay for. I will definitely be eating there again the next time I visit the Hard Rock Hotel. The atmosphere is fun and the bar is fully stocked with flat-screen televisions for watching sports games. The service was a little slow, but I can imagine that they get quite backed up with all the people that are in there ordering. Don't let it discourage your visit though, be patient and soak it all in. This is not a place to order your food, eat it quick, and get out. Stay a little while. Order a few beers and kick it.Pink Taco is goooooood.
4	Really? You can't go wrong with this place. I love the atmosphere, with the big high top booths. They are not wood chairs, they are soft and squishy, so that makes you want to stay longer, and hang out. The servers were friendly. I ordered the chicken nachos, but unfortunately for me, they were a bit too spicy. I did send them back, and ordered a simple chicken caesar salad, which happened to be the best chic. caesar salad I've ever eaten. No lie. I loved the way that the grilled chic. tasted, it was amazing. So, although I didn't have a traditional mexican entree there, I did enjoy my meal very much.
4	Came endorsed by buddies of mine. My marg was totally solid and I ordered this chicken dish based on the recommendation of the waitress - it was cheesy and yummy! Prices were good....relative to Vegas.
4	Nice casual and attractive Mexican joint in the Hard Rock hotel. We recommend the Vegetable Tostada Salad (with a delicious chipotle vinaigrette) and the Ceviche Campechana. Great staff and very hip decor.
5	Stopped by Pink Taco before the Santana show, great happy hour deals. Chips and 3 Salsas were fresh and tasty! The guacamole seemed over priced, but was worth it! Burrito Mojado was great! They had some new drinks on the menu, I had the Chupacabra...SPICY!! but loved it... not for the weak. Wife had the Pink, which was watermelon and mint, very refreshing. Great attentive service, highly recommend.
4	Got there in time for happy hour, buy one get one beers/margharitas and 1/2 priced apps. Enjoyed some Dos Equis and some munchies. I had the app sampler which consisted of2 tamales- small little tamales with corn inside- not bad2 taquitos filles with cheese- pretty tasty2 Chicken skewers that had some tastyness to themcheese quesadilla which is basic but a spread some quacamole on and they were pretty killer2 carne asada skewers that were my favorite had some kick ass flavors..can't wait to go back for some tacos...
3	Cute name, cute decor. It was a given that I would want to eat here since we were staying at HRH. Add that to the fact that they are on www.restaurant.com ($25 gift certificate for $10 or less) and we have a winning combination! I ordered the Burrito Mojado with chicken. It is served enchilada style with this amazing Pasllia Chile sauce and a side salad. My man ordered the Steak Burrito Tradicional that also includes a side salad. Both burritos were on the smallish side and pretty pricey, but it's Vegas, right?I'd come back for happy hour and a couple of margaritas.
3	Food was good but not great. Service was blah. Never even got a water refill.
4	Cheap restaurant in a hotel. They have a ton of margaritas and all you can eat chips.If you're on a budget and don't want to spend $30 a plate, come here
4	Cheap, yummy food. Cool decor! Great lunch place!
5	I eat here EVERYTIME I come to Vegas. Love the Chicken and cheese enchilladas with red AND green sauce.  Amazing. you wont be disappointed...
4	If you are staying at the Hard Rock Hotel, this is a great place to grab a seat at the bar and have some chips and salsa.The food is pretty good too for Mexican Food in a Casino Hotel.  Nothing like a shot of tequila, a cerveza and some tacos to start or end your night in Vegas.  This hotel has some great food places inside.I love going solo here, so I do not have to wait for a table.  I just want to sneak into the bar and get my food.
3	This place is a good staple, I wouldn't go out of my way to go here, but if you are staying in or near the Hard Rock than after a night of gambling and drinking this place is great. The tacos are tasty and the staff is friendly.
3	Not too shabby for Mexican food.  I've been looking for good Mexican restaurants being that I'm from Southern New Mexico and have been craving authentic Mexican food.The chips n' salsa weren't bad at all, nothing special (again this review is coming from someone who KNOWS good Mexican food, but hey its all opinion right?) but they did give you three salsas to dip from.We had chicken quesadillas as an appetizer (you have to be a moron to screw up heating two flour tortillas together with cheese and chicken, luckily they weren't).  These were good and I have no complaints.For dinner I ordered the Mojado Burrito.  The waiter told me this was the most food I could get (hey, I'm 6'7'' and I was dang hungry aight?).  It was smothered in some sort of red sauce.  You could order the burrito with chicken, steak, carnitas (pork), or vegetarian.  I ordered it with pork and my friend ordered it with chicken.  The burrito was very tasty, I ate every last bight.  Overall the food was pretty tasty and actually better than what I expected, the three stars was for the service.  Our waiter was awful.  Our drinks were empty for almost the entire meal.  Looking around the restaurant I noticed the same thing.  "I'll be right back with some more water" means "Hey, I'm going to go chill in the corner for 10 minutes and then remember to give you a refill."  Most people have given this place 4 stars for the food, you have to remember I'm a New Mexican and I know good Mexican food when I taste it =).  Prices were about $10-15 per plate.  If you are staying in the Hard Rock Casino I would definitely go give this place a try.  This place was a little noisy though and I found it hard to hear my friend talking to me, other than that go get your fix of some pink taco!
3	While me and some friends were walking around on a lazy Sunday we stumbled into this place.The people who worked here were friendly, it wasn't too busy, prices were reasonable (especially for Vegas), and the food was okay.'As soon as we sat down we were serves chips and three different types of salsa which were all surprisingly good. I ordered the house margarita which was delish and we got an appetizer sampler to split between three girls. The server was also nice enough to inform us that for $2 or $3 more we can get three of each of the appetizers, instead of two of each on our sampler, so that all of us can have one of each appetizer. The appetizer was okay though, nothing too special, but I guess I shouldn't have expected much from a hotel restaurant.Service was good, our server was very friendly and informative, but I was really peeved that I had to ask for a water refill (TWICE). It was a Sunday afternoon in Vegas. Hellooooo, I'm obviously hungover and in desperate need of water.
1	The food is average.  But if your making a reservation for 10 or more, they make you put a credit card down for the reservation and do prix fix menus.  We made a reservation for 14 but one got sick and only 13 showed up.  We got the bill and they charged us for 14 dinners (at $45 a pop).  Manager said we were contracted for 14 and it doesnt matter how many actually showed up and would not fix the bill.  We ended up splitting the extra dinner and with 2 beers/person our total was $75 each for average mexican food!  Ended up making them give us the entree to go and found a homeless person across the street to give the food to.
1	White people's mexican. Lacking flavor, will not return.
4	I went here with a group of six. The food was good, it came quickly, and the portions were generous. It was great for a casual lunch. The waitstaff was attentive. Overall a pretty good experience.
4	As you can tell, I ate my way through Las Vegas last weekend. I'm lucky enough to have friends that are locals and can share some of their favorite places with me =) I had dinner here this past Monday...started off the meal with a pitcher of Mango Margaritas (3 people had 2 glasses each). Then we ordered the Sampler platter - one order can easily feed 2 people. It was a great selection of the beef kabob, chicken skewer, tacitos, quesadillas and sweet corn tamales. And let's not forget the Mexican corn...holey moley, guacamole! This corn was OFF THE HOOK! I've never had Mexican corn before...grilled, with a slathering of Mexican cheese, butter and some other creamy concotion...wow...a little salty, but delicious all the same! While waiting for our food...we snacked on homemade tortillas and a trio of salsas and gazed upon the funky decor of pimped out bicycles and funky art that gave the atmosphere a fun and comfortable vibe.We finished off the meal with some flan...honestly...I've eaten MANY flans before and I always say that my mom's is better. This was the first time (Honest to God) that I said, it was nearly as good, if not the same, as my mom's recipe. That's telling you right there how authentic this was! Kudos to Pink Taco!!!!Another thoroughly enjoyable meal...thank you!!!
3	I wasn't overly impressed. I wasn't disgusted. I was, however, hung over and grateful for the immediate arrival of chips and salsa and the water. Thre rest of the meal was unremarkable, except I remember thinking that the portions were pretty hefty (maybe it was also the fact that I had gone to Hash House A Go Go for breakfast and was still semi-comatose from that). Service was attentive... I never had to chase anyone down for more water (which was obviously desperately needed by that point). OH, and we saw the cast of the Real World LV walk in while we were paying the bill (we were there last November).I'll definitely have to try it when we head back in May... and not already be ridiculously full when I go!
4	My favorite place to bring friends and have drinks and Mexican food. not sure if its authentic but it hits the spot! the salsa and chips are on point! plus they sell cute pink taco tank tops at the front door a must have before you leave the place!
2	After checking into the Hard Rock, and making our way to the pool area.  We thought, lets grab a bite, so we made our way back into the Pink Taco.We waited to get sat in the outside area connected to the pool,  After about 10 minutes we were sat (there were several tables open out there, and I hate when you have to wait to be seated when there are plenty of open tables.)  We decided on the appetizer platter for the two of us, and it had a couple of things to snack on, to hold us over for dinner.Sweet corn tamales, cheese quesadillas, chicken skewers, carne asada skewers, taquitos and guacamole.  The guacamole was a very small portion.  The cheese quesadillas had NO FLAVOR.  The chicken skewers were over seasoned and dry.  The sweet corn tamales were good, and something I really enjoyed.  The taquitos were ok.  Overall I would say pass on this place after the meal we had.  You get free chips and 3 types of salsa when you get seated, and that was the best part of the meal for both my wife and myself.The service was OK, but I would never expect that much from a chain place like that.Overall, I would have rather ate at Taco Bell.  It is way cheaper, and has better overall food, in my opinion.
1	Way too expensive for mediocre Mexcian food.
5	we LOVED our first experience at pink! great service! awesome 2 for 1 caronas and s lovely selection of 3 salsas w your chips!!!! we ordered the chicken nachos. they were huge! perfect for two!!! great atmosphere! cute girl servers & great food!!! we will defiantly be back!!!
4	Yay Vegas Pink Taco!  I love you and will always stop by for margaritas and chips when in Vegas.
4	I've been here a few times now and each time has been great! They have absolutely delicious bean & cheese chile rellenos and fyi their salmon....M-A-R-V-E-L-O-U-S (to be sung in your head)! They make you smile and gives you the happy peppermint patty sensations like on TV LOL. Have had the pink tacos before too and now also their wet burrito. All wonderful as the other. I've had margaritas there too (in the Century City, CA one) and they are quite tasty my friends! I can't wait to stop by here again on my next visit to Vegas :)
5	GET THE CHICKEN & CHEESE ENCHILADAS!!!!!  NOM'z!  jus sayin...  :-P
5	5 stars for happy hour deals! We go here every once in a while for chicken enchiladas verdes and their chicken tostada salad. The happy hour deals are only offered in the bar area and include menu specials as well as drink specials. Pros: Inexpensive food & drinks, fun staffCons: I wouldn't come here anytime other then happy hour because it is very much a bar with bar food.
4	First let me say that our server Natalie (I'm had dark hair and was expecting a child in two months) was wonderful. They could have served dog food and we probably would have liked it given Natalie's personality and the great service she provided. I actually had a restaurant.com certificate from here. It was a $25 certificate that I paid a whole $2 for. With five us including sodas (no alcohol) our bill came to a whole $50 including tax and tip (after the $25 discount). Not bad at all given the location. Now for the food.. I loved that they served fresh chips with three salsas including one green salsa that was heavy with cilantro. It was amazing. I ordered the chicken tostadas and they were very good. The dressing they were served with was sort of sweet and just made the dish. The only thing that bothered me was that the avocados on my salad were a little brown. Coming from CA, I think I'm just spoiled with beautiful avocados so most probably wouldn't have noticed this. My daughter ordered the same thing and she liked it as well. My oldest ordered a steak burrito that I think she felt was average. She did like that they had black beans. My parents ordered enchiladas and they were pleased. If not for Natalie, I might have been tempted to give a three star review, but she was just great and I wish her all the best with her baby.
3	I was actually surprised that the food here was as good as it was, that's not to say that it was all that amazing but I was expecting it to be crap & it wasn't. I would eat here again
4	Great food, great drinks! Fun place to go!!
3	This was a pretty good people watching spot.  A mix of youngsters in bathing suits and old men in suits.  There was a Happy Hour special which had 2 or one drinks, and half price apps.  We took advantage of that, we got Margaritas which were good.  The bartender was friendly.  I ordered the guacamole which was great, I also had the Corn Tamales.  My boyfriend loved his Burrito and Tortilla soup.  I ordered the Baja Fish tacos, big mistake, the fish was fried but not crispy because it was laying on a hot steamy plate that made the tortilla moist and soft and it took all the crunch outta my taco.  Thats the only complaint about this place really.  Not a place I'm gonna run to come back to, but it satisfied our craving for Mexican.
4	Partying hard and hitting the tables at the Hard Rock last night got me in the mood for a taco. Having the Pink Taco on site was a perfect remedy. Collected my chips from the blackjack table as the sounds of Jimi Hendrix roared overhead and headed for the restaurant. Entering the place you can't help but notice the cool custom made low rider bicycles hanging from the ceiling, the funky star shaped lights draped over the bar area, and the modern Mexican - meets retro chic decor with all types of knick knacks, old radios, and items strategically strewn about. As the place was packed I went for seat at the bar and immediately ordered an ice cold Negra Modelo. What is terrific is that you get a free metal bucket of crunchy crispy tortilla chips with three different salsa's to dip into. This stuff is like crack when you are hungry and have been drinking! Lakers vs Spurs was playing on the bar tv's and rock music was blaring throughout. Yes, this is a man's paradise!Started with the sweet corn tamales with pico and sour cream. Three tamales came on this plate and it was actually a good amount of food. Sweet and buttery corn flavored. Ordered the fish tacos baha style. Fish battered and lightly fried with serrano-cilantro salsa, shredded lettuce, sour cream, and pico de gallo. Refried beans and rice accompanied the meal. The fish tacos were very good, not the best I have ever had as I still have had better in NYC and CA, but tasty with just the right amount of batter and not over fried. I love refried beans too, and these were smooth goodness.My one complaint is that they brought out my main plate a minute after I got the appetizer. I literally had to eat both at the same time. I hate when restaurants do that. Time management people in the kitchen! Learn it! Otherwise, a great place to go for a fun atmosphere and decent Tex-Mex food options. Rock On!
4	Great atmosphere, great service and great food. I've never had a bad meal here and recommend it to anyone in the area.
4	Let me just start out with a warning: I was in no way sober during my meal at Pink Taco, so if you feel that will reduce the merit of my opinion, please stop reading now.After a day of non-stop gambling and drinking at the Hard Rock what could sound better than a monstrous burrito and Corona. First off, the hostess, servers, waiters, etc... all recognize the average customer is at least half-in-the-bag and they keep a fun and lively atmosphere going as a result, so it's a fun place. The food is also served in enormous portions and it's pretty damn good... especially when all your body needs is some carbs and grease to get right back on track. If you're a guest at the Hard Rock and need a quick pick me up after a hard day of partying, don't put too much drunk thought into it, just roll into Pink Taco and enjoy.
3	I was here for the first time recently and since I was at Pink Taco, I ordered......tacos!  The baja fish tacos to be exact.  Sorry to say but I thought they were some of the worse fish tacos I've ever had.  If you're recovering all day from the night before and you're finally able to hold down food, but all of a sudden you can't because your fish tacos taste like someone walked around with them balled up in their fist outside in the Vegas sun for an hour, you'd be disappointed too.  From other reviews it sounds like they have a lot of other good food on the menu and I'm sure they do but I won't be wasting my money on their fish tacos again.  They were bland and soggy, two things fish tacos should never be.  Great decor and a fun place to eat and the service was great too though.  2 stars for the food and an extra star for the service and surroundings.
4	Very good food. Great atmosphere. Loud music. Fast service.
3	Went for breakfast. Really good food. The service was outstanding.
4	I ate here in April.  Appetizers are half price during Happy Hour, which makes them a reasonable price.  I had the chicken tostada salad as my entree, and it was delicious!  The food was good, and the atmosphere was fun.  The chips and salsa were yummy.  I would eat here again.
2	I'm shocked by how many good reviews this place get's . I have been here twice, a few  years a part and the same problems exist? The main problem is the food is not very good and the service is not any better. I am form southern California were their  is great Mexican food around every corner. There three different type's of salsa are also poor. The food here is just bastardized Mexican food . Go to Mr. Lucky's and eat there you will leave happy!
4	can't go wrong here, micheladas, margaritas, beer, tequila, and some kick ass mexican food, tore me up some pink taco! cute waitresses, super friendly!
4	It helps to actually be hungry when you come in. Or drunk. (Usually, with me, the two go hand-in-hand)Since we were staying at the Hard Rock, we ended up here a couple times for the 4-7 happy hour. Half off select apps and 2 for 1 margaritas (rocks, not blended, hollerrrr!)... after sight-seeing all day with a couple drinks in hand, nibbles and tequila ALWAYS sound like a hit to me. The love and I shared things like the appetizer platter (sweet corn tamales, chicken and steak skewers, cheese quesadilla and taquitos), the chicken nachos (my absolute fave) and the queso bean dip (don't judge us, we were drunk and starving!). The chips and three different types of salsa were always welcomed with open arms... I could probably be happy eating just those. The bartenders were friendly and on it with the refills (which is a MUST for happy hour, otherwise that's a not-so-happy hour for me).Is this somewhere I would pick to eat while sober or not staying at the hotel? Probably not. Was it a lifesaver while staying at the Hard Rock? Undeniably. Hence, four stars. Should I stay at the Hard Rock again, I can see me sitting up at the bar, playing that video blackjack with a margarita in hand and chips sticking out of my mouth. (there may or may not be a picture in existence that holds true to that imagery....)
4	I carried out from here and took it back to my room.  The girl at the counter was really nice and took my order.  I had to wait a bit, but it was ok.  We had an order of guac and shrimp taco's.  They were really good and super filling.  One order was definitely enough to split between two people for a snack. For the pool crowd, I don't think you can come in here without "proper attire".  When I was waiting there were two girls trying to order some food in their bathing suits, but they weren't allowed in the restaurant, but they could stand at the door and order.
2	It gets two stars because our waitress was awesome. The bartender was unfriendly and made our drinks wrong. The hostess was also quite unfriendly. April 28th we had just checked in to the hotel and met at the Pink Taco for a quick bite and cocktails. We saw a sign that said $.99 margaritas and inquired with the bartender. He mentioned we had to get a players card to get the deal. Well we only had 15 more minutes on the Happy Hour clock to even benefit from it and we were ready to just get started. The last thing we wanted to do at that moment was wait in line for a players card. Not going to lie, the sign is what got us in to the restaurant. Seemed convenient and then turned out to be inconvenient. If it's too good to be true... I decided to ask what the price range was for margaritas on a normal menu and as he walked away in irritation he said $9 - $100 and then didn't ask if I wanted anything or offer me a menu. We were hungry and we were there so we decided to stay and get a table. The hostess didn't do anything memorable to be lame, she just was disinterested an unfriendly. The Pink Taco was a terrible first stop after checking in. It's like they both hated their job and were taking it out on us. The waitress was awesome. Thank goodness. She was friendly, positive and accommodating. We had a couple special order tacos. There's always one in the group that has to be different :) No matter how friendly our waitress was it still didn't make up for the fact that the bartender made our drinks wrong. We order straight from the menu. It was something like a Spicy Michelada. Well they added tomato juice and that was not on the menu!!! So gross. She returned with drinks made the right way but we couldn't get past the initial tomato juiced beer we were originally handed. We never asked her to do it, she just took it off the bill on her own. It was just a crappy way to start the trip. The rest of the Hard Rock experience was great. The Paradise Tower is awesome. This review is simply a reflection on our experience at The Pink Taco.
5	Loved the Pink Taco!! If you want Great Tex-Mex in Las Vegas this is the right place. If you are familiar with the food at the Hula Hut in Austin, TX it has the similar types of spices and tastes. The atmosphere is great! More like your in a rock bar that serves great food. I would come again!Best Regards,LeRoy Nellis II
3	Food is 1-2 stars (tried the ceviche along with the steak, carnitas & pink tacos) - all of it was mediocre at best. Chips & salsas - above averageAtmosphere 4-5 stars - alongside the pool, it's everything you'd expect from any Hard Rock restaurant.Come here to drink and snack, not to eat.
2	Came here with high expectations for a good taco and good margarita.  NOPE.  Tacos are tiny with super thick tortillas to stuff your stomach with the cheapest ingredient and then charge you ridiculous prices for it.  Funny T-shirts, but save your money and tummy room.  Your best bet is an off beat taco place like the one in O' Sheas casino. But you wont listen.  You will go and eat the food and say, "yea, that review was right".  And now you have 80-100 bucks less in your pocket.  Over $65 for two by the way.  Im not cheap, i just want at least a LITTLE quality for that price.
3	The food is standard taco stand fare. The tacos are ok, the margaritas are ok, the chips and salsa are ok and I think you get the drift. Is it nice to have tacos while hanging out at the pool? Yes. But would I expect better tacos? Yes. We did see Dana White the night we ate there so the scene is one of the few reasons to go.
2	$14 for a burrito that was mediocre at best is just a ripoff. Yes they make the tortillas in front and it was an asi asi burrito but nothing special that would make me pay that much for it again. It was late and I was hungry so I decided to at least give it a try with an open mind and I guess that included an open wallet.Unless you are a Pink Taco connoisseur save your money and just go to Mr. Lucky's, which isn't that better, or Subway across the street if a hunger attack happens to strike.
5	Excellent food and cool atmosphere I found the prices reasonable as well. I had the sabana de pollo and it was Awesome washed down with don  Julio anejo
4	This review is for drinks/service only. We stopped here before our dinner at Rare 120 for a drink. The bartenders were great and the margaritas were very good.This is a really cool spot, we will try it again for food.
4	This was the best food, by far, that I had my most recent trip to Vegas. The chips and salsa at the beginning were super yummy. I ended up asking for more of the green salsa. The tacos did not disappoint at all. Our waitress was a total doll and was super sweet. I didn't like my margarita and she quickly got me a beer. The only bummer was that we asked to change the television to the Dallas/Miami game and it took them our entire meal to do so. Besides that, it was a really pleasant and delicious experience, and I look forward to going back for their yummy tacos.
2	Dinner wasn't bad.  Had the salmon and it was decent.  Food wasn't overly hot, though.The mojito I had was the worst I've ever experienced.  The bartender stuck whole mint leaves in a glass, added lemon-lime soda and maybe a touch of rum.  It was undrinkable.It's a decent choice if you don't want to spend a fortune and you're in the HRH.
2	There were some great things about this place. One of them was not the food. The waitress was great. She was attentive and friendly. The chips and salsas were good, but the rest was a let down. The meat was not seasoned and everything was bland. I am happy I went there so I could say I did, but I will never go again.
4	I have been to Pink Taco twice and have enjoyed both times. The first time I got the chile rellano which is stuffed with refried beans which is odd but tasty. The second time I got a vegetable burrito which was also good. The portions are huge I always need a box the end. Another great thing is the chips and the three different kinds of salsas which I could eat by itself. Only thing that sucked was the kids cup sized margarita for $10.00. I was like "come on"-- "Seriously." If you get a choice sit outside it was nice. P.s. Guacamole is not chunky but had alot of onion in it which I think is good.
3	I've heard of this place before and decided to give it a try. I've been partying hard since Friday when I arrived to the city of sin. I came here for happy hour which is from 4 to 7. They offer margaritas and beers at happy hour prices. Half off appetizers.The food was decent. Nothing particularly special. Our server Christian was really sweet and attentive so its hard to give this place a lower rating. I would come back again for happy hour but I don't know if I would gladly pay for their food at regular cost.
2	mehhhh...i stayed at the hard rock and saw an ad for $1 tacos (mon-thurs) with a players card. so we decided to go to check it outthey give you free chips and salsa (meh)and the tacos were less than average. i wouldnt go back.
3	The only thing I liked about this place was the servers.  Food was below average and the prices were above average.  I have not rushed back here.
5	LOVED this place.Amazing food, and a fantastic name--how could you go wrong??The guacamole was so bomb-tastic that it made up for the lack of prickly pear taste in my prickly pear margarita.If you're thinking "I don't know, let's just got to Rare 120..." DON'T! Or "maybe we should just got to Mr. Lucky's..." Unless it's 4am and you're plastered, NO WAY!Pink Taco all the way.It''s good for the food, the strong margaritas and the jokes later about how you ate Pink Taco for dinner.om nom nom
2	My buddy and I tend to eat here on our Vegas outbound travel days.  We do this because it's a convenient stop on the way to the airport.  We don't do this because the food is great (it isn't) and we don't do this because the service is great (it isn't).  I think the food is meh and the prices are high for what they serve.  We need to find a better place to eat on the way to the airport.
2	I give this joint two stars, mainly for service.  Staff wasn't overly friendly, but they were attentive and efficient.  Zero stars for food.  Chips were ok, but only one of the three salsas they brought was tasty.  It seemed like they were trying to be original with their unique salsas, but something just went wrong and they weren't good.  I had the Baja fish tacos, which were the worst I've ever had.  The fish was ok, but bland.  The tortillas were pasty, like they were undercooked.  The rice could have been Rice-a-Roni, but it wasn't even that good.  The beans were the one thing I ate most of.  My friend had fajitas, and the meat was tough.  They brought her tortillas wrapped up in a cloth napkin, that kept them warm for about two minutes.  All that combined with weird lighting, which gave the place a cool atmosphere but made the food look even less appetizing (a green light right above the table?) just made the entire experience bad.  I won't try this place again.
5	Pink taco is my favorite place to go eat in vegas so far, its always delicious. Great drinks, and great prices. Super fast and friendly services, great hangover food too.
4	Perfect place to replenish your sun-weary body after a day by the pool. We were provided immediately with chips and a trio of delicious salsas. The house margaritas were not too weak, nor too sweet, and one pitcher ($45) refilled four of us at least once before we ordered another round. Everything that arrived at our table was positively scrumptious- as evidenced by a table-full of plates scraped clean by the meal's end. Before our respective dinners were heartily demolished, they were: fish tacos, shrimp tacos, and veggie burritos adorned with perfectly soft avocado slices. I would comment on the added delight of the world's best people-watching, especially as more and more patrons cycled in from Rehab throughout the evening, but this is not an honor exclusively reserved for Pink Taco. Acting surprised that any Vegas establishment contains unusual and noteworthy strangers is about as redundant as commenting on the number of Red Sox hats on Yawkey Way. We also went here for breakfast and sat at the poolside patio to avoid the aggressively chilly AC. The service was a bit slow the second time, but we were still provided with a way to treat our bodies to generous helpings of tasty food before starting to drink in the daytime. Also, the parfait was completely on point.
3	Ya ready for the review? O right so here it goooooesss:Pink taco at the Hard rock hotel casino.This place is okay.  As in A-OK.  it aint nothing special.  I mean overall i give it an average review.I kinda put this type of establishment in the bucket of restaurants located in hotels.  Usually they are average tasting food to me.  But what do you really expect from a restaurant that serves mexican food in a hotel/casino.  Not much.The food I ordered.  Shrimp tacos, Ceviche, and Guac.  They were good.  Not the best.  Definitely had better mexican before.  I've scanned some of the more highly rated reviews by other yelpers for pink tacos and have to wonder if they've ever had really good mexican food before.  Some of the reviewers are blown away by the awesome guacamole and tacos.   Great for them if they've experienced some of the best mexican here but I don't think they know.   They just don't know.  its' all good.You should give it a shot if you've never been though.  You' can't beat it down unless you give it a taste here.   We were seated outside facing rehab so that was the only highlight of our meal here.  Foodwise, a-okay.  Bla bla blah no more review here, just typing nonsense for the final sentence if you are reading still you can stop now. bye.
4	We hadn't been to the Hard Rock in a couple of years, especially to eat. On our first visit many years ago we found the food at PT to be average and the wait staff snobby. This time we were pleasantly surprised by our attentive and professional server, Dena (sp) and the food to be very good. I would even considering staying here on our next visit based on our positive meal. I ordered the chicken tostada salad which was flavorful and well prepared. The portion was extremely large and could have been shared. My son ordered a specialty burrito which was equally large and tasty. We were there during happy hour and ate at the bar and enjoyed 2 for 1 beers. So our meal was also a great value.
4	Decided to stop her with some friends for happy hour after doing some gambling. They have 99 cent margaritas & 99 cent tacos. That night the tacos were chicken. I guess they change daily. The drinks were pretty good & seriously..who can complain about a drink that costs 99 cents at the Hard Rock?The tacos were also pretty good. Fresh shredded chicken on a small tortilla. A couple of them & I was ready for the evening of drinking. They have some amazing eye candy at the Hard Rock so its always fun to eat anywhere on the property.I cant wait to bring my friends here on our girls weekend away this weekend..
5	I love PINK TACO! My favourite place for Mexican food in Vegas.I've tried numerous other Mexican restaurants in Vegas and this place always wins. I love the environment, the servers, and of course the food.The prices aren't too bad considering it's in the Hard Rock Hotel. I've never been during Happy Hour but I really should one of these days.
4	Hands down, this is my FAVORITE place for Mexican food, it's unfortunate that I live in Chicago and we don't have one out here.  I have visited this location 3 times and the LA location once.  I prefer this location over the LA location (I wrote a review on that one as well).My last visit was a few days ago and we received great service & great food once again.The chips and salsa are awesome - they give you three kinds upon sitting down in the restaurant.  The food is great, the drinks are great...overall this place is great.  I have no knowledge of other Mexican places in Las Vegas but if you're looking for some good stuff with a good atmosphere, it's worth a trip to the HRH.
4	We were in Vegas to avoid Caramgeddon in LA last weekend. It was after midnight and we tried to get some pizza at Metro but they just closed. We were driving past the Hard Rock Hotel and since I have had Pink Taco on my list of places to eat, we decided to give them a try. The place is very trendy and since all the costumers in there looked like rock musicians I felt a little out of place. The wait staff was very friendly though. They have a late night menu with about a dozen item on it. The corn tamales and taquitos were vegetarian friendly so we gave them a try. The tamales were amazing. The taquitos were ok. Parking is the same as for the hotel and casino. Valet is the easiest if you don't mind waiting for your car. We may come back again but not for just Pink Taco. We were tired and wanted to head back to our room on the Strip, so we did not get to see all the great music memorabilia at the Hard Rock. Another trip and better planning.
4	$.99 margaritas & tacos 1-3 with your players card. Up to 2 margaritas & 5 tacos. Outside & indoor seating. Music going right by main pool. Chips & 3 kinds of salsa.
2	The food at this place makes cardboard taste like fine dining. Fantastic service, crappy "Mexican" food. That being said, the first couple of bites were phenomenal - and really only because we went here after one of the EDC nights. Basically, we got back to our rooms at the Hard Rock around 7am...I showered/cleaned up, because there's just no way I can bring myself to sleep without taking a shower after EDC, then we all woke up around 10, cleaned up, checked out, then headed to Pink Tacos around 12:30. The last meal I'd had was breakfast...the previous day (don't judge! who has time to eat or sleep in Vegas anyways??!!?!).
3	I'll give it 3/5 because the bar is cool and the waitstaff attentive.  It is what you would expect at the HR.  Way over priced food and drinks.  I had the "Pink Taco" al carte.  About the size of a coaster; maybe three bites - 5 dollars.  OK, but you will get more taste at On the Border, or your local Tex Mex eatery.  5 dollar bottle beers; domestic; no draft beer - at a rock joint?  Good for younger tatted hipsters with money to burn.
5	Absolutely delicious! Try the queso bean dip!  I wish this place was closer to me so I could go all the time....definitely go here for a casual lunch while you're in Vegas!!
4	I was introduced to the Pink Taco approx. 10 years ago, and it has become a tradition for us to go to Pink Taco either at the beginning, or end of our trips to Vegas.My favorite item here is definitely the shrimp tacos. Over the years they have scaled back a bit on the quantity of the tacos (which is why I'm only giving 4 stars). 10 years ago, they would serve 4 shrimp tacos along with beans and Spanish rice. About 6 years ago, they scaled the dish back to 3 tacos, which was still enough food, but was a slight disappointment. Now they have scaled down to only 2 tacos on the dish, with the other half of the plate consisting of beans and rice. The tacos are still just as delicious, and the amount of food was just  right to fill you up.Our waitress, Cristal, was very attentive and friendly. I would definitely recommend requesting to be seated in her area.
5	The chips, salsa and steak tacos are amazing! I drive from Orange County to the Hard Rock - just for Pink Taco (okay and to party). Not the same Pink Taco as LA. Very disappointed in LA's restaurant. The food was not as good as Vegas - not the same ownership.
4	Definitely a fan of this hip Mexican joint in the Hard Rock!!  Happy Hour is legit.  Get the Appetizer Sampler.  The fried ice cream is off-the-chain!!Wait staff is always friendly and prompt with the food.
4	We enjoyed this location and the food as well. Ate here a couple of times during our stay at the HRH. First time was later in the evening and the second time during their happy hour. Service was fine both times and the chips and salsa were very good too. If you're daring with salsa, ask for their "diablo" or their hot salsa. It's pretty spicy and my personal taste prefers an in-between Diablo or something in their second hottest salsa. I like spicy stuff and have been complimented by Asians and Mexicans alike. It's probably because my parents weren't into spicy food and I love it. Heck I can probably drink shots of tabasco sauce but that's another story.We enjoyed their food.. had a quesadilla, guacamole and of course the margaritas. If we are at HRH again, we'll hit this place again!
2	I ate at Pink Taco for breakfast while staying at the Hard Rock. I ordered the "El Gringo" with wheat toast. I was horribly disappointed with the food but ranked it at two stars for friendly service and poolside scenery. FOODThe bacon and eggs were fine. Nothing special. The potatoes came out cold and were under cooked (they had that crispy rawness to them). The cold potatoes were accompanied by cold, non-buttered wheat toast. And, I got cold cold butter when I asked for butter for my toast. No excuse - It's breakfast people and the restaurant wasn't even busy. We visited Pink Taco a second time to have drinks with friends who were eating. They had the burritos and were also underwhelmed with the food. SCENERYBasically this is a great place to drink and watch people at the pool. If that's what you're looking for you're likely to be pleased.
3	I ate here at the Pink Taco while hanging out at the Hard Rock Hotel with friends.  Met a couple of friends of mine and we had lunch.  Service was pretty good.  I had the pink taco with a corona. My friend picked up the tab, since I was visiting Las Vegas.  Thought that was pretty cool.  The pink taco was average. Should have gotten it spicer.  The salsa was pretty good, although it could have been better.  No so disappointing was the ambiance of the restaurant.
1	OVERRATED and OVER-PRICED Mexican food.....If you have any experience at all with good, quality Mexican food, and know any better, good from bad, you will not like this place.  If you live in L.A., S.D., AZ or TX, you probably know what is good and what is not.  If you taste the salsa, the guacamole, or the margaritas, you will be very disappointed.  A very gimmicky, 'plastic' Mexican restaurant with little flavor, no variety, and nothing unique.  Most of the (young) people eating here are loaded drunk from the bar and pool scene, hence the great reviews....the ONLY explanation.  Don't waste your time or $$$ here when there are tons of better quality food options in Vegas that are comparable in price, hire top-rated chefs and taste much better.  Don't be fooled by the 'rock and roll' image this place sells from the outside....it's basically a Mexican 'Hooters.'A great alternative for dinner is the buffet at the Wynn Hotel.....hands down the best buffet I've ever been to....Everything is fresh, high-quality food, and every variety of foods you can imagine, including desserts!  Pastas, meats, salads, soups, seafood (endless, and popular, crab legs and lobster), etc.  Has been awarded top buffet in Vegas for a reason!  You won't be disappointed.  Always crowded (for good reason) so reservations are a must!  The various steakhouses around town are also a good option.  Vegas has all the top name steakhouse names in the country.
1	My one and only experience here:The food was decent but nothing to brag about.The drinks were good and not too badly priced.The waitress was a thieving scumbag.  We were given a bill just after we finished our food which was 1 entree/1 drink each.  I noticed the bottom of the receipt was torn off but figured maybe they had just changed out the tape.We decided to order a second round of drinks and received a second bill also with the bottom torn off.  At this point I was suspicious.  We both added up our tabs (1 entree, 2 drinks) and figured them to be about $30.  We gave our debit cards and both got CC receipts only (the itemized receipt mysteriously disappeared) for about $45 each.  I asked if the tip was already included and she got really nervous.  We sent her away and asked the waitress from the next table to get a manager.We had the manager sit down and asked her to estimate our bill based on the menu prices.  We explained the torn/missing receipts and she immediately took care of everything.  We had to wait quite a few minutes for the issue to be resolved and noticed that our waitress had been missing for at least 15 minutes and other people were helping her tables.I assume she was fired on the spot - and even though the manger did everything right, the food just wasn't good enough to return here especially with so many other better Mexican food options in town.
2	For all the hype you hear, this place just sucks.  Maybe it was better before, but I get the feeling that if you don't look like a Hollywood elite, you're scoffed at.  Our waitress (who finally decided to bless us with her presence) explained that happy hour was 2 for 1 drinks.  Great, the wife and I said, and we ordered 2 margaritas.  She shows up with 4.  What's this, I asked.  It's 2 for 1, she explains, you order 1 and we bring you 2.  If I wanted 2 each I would have fucking asked for FOUR!!!  When I told her I didn't want 2 each she looked so put off (is this REALLY the first time this has ever come up sweetheart?!?) but did take away the extra 2 margaritas.  We had a few more beers and a lackluster appetizer sampler and bounced. Fuck the Pink Taco.
5	The food was amazing! The drinks were amazingly... STRONG! Good gosh, one was good for a few hours! Lol If I remember I had some tacos and an enchalada. I can't remember what my BF had but him being Mexican and approving the food, then it must have been good! Definitely would like to come here again if I stay at the Hard Rock the next time around. The customer service was pretty good too, always checked on us and made sure everything was okay. She was always nearby (I loved her tattoos too!)
2	I ate here a couple weekends ago while staying at HR, and had heard lots of good stuff about it. Maybe Im weird... but this place was awful.Soup was cold, tacos were soggy, hot sauce was watery. Gross.Even the coffee was shit.The service was horrible too.. Waitress was slow, forgot a bunch of stuff, never brought us silverware, or refilled water.I didnt have any alcohol here, but the food was shit, and I wont go back. I'd rather wait in a line for something else.
1	The Pink Taco in vegas have great food! But! They have the worse service, I mean all the waitress are lazy and rude! They are walways chit chating and not working!
3	Mmm pink taco. Wait a second.... What a disgusting name. You know a MAN started this business!Anywho, after a long morning of drinking at the beautiful Hard Rock pools, one needs to recharge and refuel themselves for the obnoxious amount of drinking that will occur later that evening. Pink Taco is a fun place to run into for lunch for a decent meal. With a name like Pink Taco, you know that everything is going to be just a little hyper sexualized.... Oh and the menus are pink and glittery. Sold.I'm a huge fan of the Chicken Tostada Salad... Crispy romaine lettuce with grilled chicken, avocado chunks, black beans and some really good chipotle dressing. I've also tasted a few of the other dishes my friends got. I like my salad more but it was still tasty... or maybe I was just too tipsy to really care. Look it's obviously not going to be authentic Mexican food so don't harp on that. Many things in Vegas are not authentic. You would know this if you took a look at some of the "women" on the outskirts of the strip... yeah, you know EXACTLY what I'm talking about.Overall I think Pink Taco is a fun place for lunch in the hotel that isn't that overpriced! I've never been for dinner or happy hour but whenever I walk by at night it looks like a wild party inside. Oh and keep a look out for coupons or specials online. The last time I was there these two guys gave us their coupon so we got our meal at 50% off! Woot woot.
3	I wanted to give this place 4 stars because overall I liked the atmosphere and the selection of food, but paying $5 for one street taco (no rice, beans, sides) is just ridiculous! I know prices are like this for all restaurant hotels in Vegas but that was just way too expensive for me. We paid $50 for 3 drinks and 2 ala carte tacos. Aside from that, the food was good!
3	One of the best places to grab a bite in the hard rock! It definitely fits the vibe that Hard Rock Hotel tries to put out.The best thing here are the Pink Taco's... their specialty.  Definitely give them a try if you are only going to come here once.  They also have a nice happy hour special... with 1 dollar tacos and margaritas (the frozen kind).  The tacos are a lot smaller than the usual... but at 1 buck each... buy a whole butt load of them!All meals come with free chips and 3 different salsa/sauces.. chipotle is definitely the best... save some of that for your taco's too.If you are looking for some good mexican food on the strip, give it a shot! The food tastes authentic and the price won't hurt your wallet.
4	We ate here just before our flight and had a great experience.Am a huge ceviche fan so we ordered ceviche, I had shrimp tacos and my BF had fish tacos. Our waitress was knowledgeable, friendly and efficient and we loved the vibe of the place. The ceviche was great, really tender and full of flavour. My shrimp tacos were amazing, I loved the avocado and the sauce in them - I would have finished them but there was just too much.Overall great time here, perfect last supper in Vegas!
3	This review is for their Restaurant Week 2011 menu:Pink Taco has only one meal for RW 2011 - breakfast.  It's a three course meal.  The food was good - nothing special, the service was great, the timing of the courses was awful (I don't believe it was the server's fault.)A three course breakfast should be like any multi-course meal--brought out as individual plates at appropriate intervals.  This was not the case at the Pink Taco for their RW breakfast.The first course was a hand made breakfast parfait - coconut granola with yogurt and fresh berries.  It came in a good sized bowl with a good amount of fresh fruit including mango bits, raspberries, blackberries, and kiwi.  I don't believe the granola was coconut granola.  Rather, there were slivers of fresh coconut on top the parfait.  This was quite tasty but nothing exceptional.  The problem came as I was eating the breakfast parfait.  I had eaten about 1/3 of the parfait, when a different server brought me course two - the hot foods of the breakfast sampler.Course two - a breakfast sampler.  Their RW 2011 menu describes it like this:  Mexican Breakfast Trio - Tasting portions of Huevos Rancheros, Chilaquiles, and Grilled Carne with House made Tortillas and Pappas y Chorizos.  Now I had a large parfait, partially eaten and a large plate of Mexican breakfast tastes.  (See the photo here which shows the parfait off to one side to make room for another plate of food.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d4qwVw4PcN-_2mK2o1Ro1g?select=tjU_kv_9kwnv8hF2rpcUgQ )  The sampler was tasty especially the chilaquiles.  The carne was just OK.  I really liked the huevos rancheros.Next service problem - as I was about 3 minutes into course two, the original server brought out course 3 which consisted of 4 sopapillas with a strawberry compote.  Another warm dish that needed to sit until I could get to it.As for course three, the sopapillas were good.  I didn't taste any honey in the fruit compote as the RW menu stated, but the pillow was just warm and the strawberry was OK.  I ate one sopapilla only.Thoughts:  someone at Pink Taco needs to give some thought to this menu.  It's way TOO much food for one person.  For the food I got, the price of $20.11 was quite a bargain.  However, since I sent back a good portion of it rather than pig out, it really wasn't a bargain.  And, someone at Pink Taco needs to think out the way they deliver a multi-course meal like this.  If they do this breakfast menu again, I'll bring a friend or three, and we'll split the food and all will be satisfied.  My server, Paulina, was a very pleasant woman.  She refilled my coffee when it needed.Sitting on the patio was quite nice especially since I was the only person there.  However, they really shouldn't offer patio seating when they're landscapers working on the grounds and using loud and smelly leaf blowers.  It didn't last long, and I did enjoy sitting out and watching some pool critters go by with their bikinis.  Oh to be young again!This was one of the hardest reviews to write.  Overall I enjoyed my meal, the surroundings, and Paulina.  But, someone at Pink Taco needs to rethink their menu.  A cup of granola, smaller tasting portions, one, maybe two sopapillas and I'd have been a happy camper all around!
4	This definitely is not authentic... but it's a fun, trendy place and the food is good. Hard Rock is always a fun atmosphere so Pink Taco fits right in there. I recommend the panuchos, or $1 taco and margarita happy hour. Can't go wrong with that! To go orders are really quick too... much appreciated on the way to work!
2	15 mins in line waiting for a table.....20 mins at said table- got chips n 3 salsas right away but no server ever showed his/her face for drinks, appetizers, entrees...  that's time I won't get back in vegas so thanks for that...
3	Pink Taco - food and drinks are good, not the best.  The funny thing is that I haven't found good Mexican restaurants in Vegas yet.  I hate when I go to Vegas and crave Mexican because I leave disappointment.My last visit I ordered chicken enchiladas and it came with some dried chicken inside the two enchiladas.  Thank goodness I had a full beer in hand to pass the food down.Anyway, I'll still go to Pink Taco's if I ever step a foot inside HRH again.
4	One of my favs for more casual dining in Vegas, decent mexican food and gotta love the name LOL. We usually try to make it a lunch destination on every trip, it's also good for a quick dinner if you are staying at the Hard Rock however if given the choice I prefer finer dining establisments for my dinners when I am in Vegas which now seems to be the dining capital of the world. As others have mentioned their chips are great, very light and the salt sticks to them in perfect amounts(important LOL). Everything on the menu is great however my fav is their enchiladas, the sauce is oh so yummy.
2	It was average. Drinks were interesting and food was not as much as I expected. Overpriced for the tiny pink tacos. The meal has the restaurants title... at least make that one dish plentiful. The only thing I liked were the pickled onions on the pink taco's.
3	B+ for drinks; B- for food; A for great looking girlsNow, let it be known - I am a big fan of Pink Taco. But, as the locations have slowly closed around the western US, this location is my least favorite.  Not sure why they don't carry the best thing: BRISKET TACOS -- the other locations had it, and the Century City location still carries it.  OMG - it's the best!I've been 5-6 times to this location at the Hard Rock.  The food is just okay, nothing great.  They do have great chips & salsa, delicious margaritas, but food - eh.  This is a great hangout, though.  Always good to pop into before/after a concert or a night out with friends.Rumor has it, their website states, that a sunset strip location in Hollywood is coming soon!  Bring it, and bring it soon with the Brisket tacos!  Other locations may be San Diego and Miami.
2	Pink Taco certainly went down hill this year.  My friend and I had been dying to return since our fabulous experience back in 2009, but we were sadly disappointed with our stale tortilla chips and wilted Vegetable Tostada Salads.  The worst part was that we had missed out on a 4* Japanese meal to dine here instead.  Our hopes of reliving the enjoyable Mexican experience were sadly squashed.
5	Well im going to start off my first review with a really good one.  In june 2008 me and my buddy were going to an august burns red/ as i lay dying concert @ the old joint @ hard rock. We had time to kill so we ate at pink taco. I ordered the chimichanga meal. Around 12 bucks at the time but man it was awesome . Had some chipotle sauce and free chips and salsa with guac.... Awesome. And usually coronas taste a bit burnt and bitter but not here. I mean they taste really fresh and heavenly. This place is legit!
4	I don't particularly enjoy spending a lot of money on mexican food, but Pink Taco was quite good.  Ate the enchiladas, and drank a sangria, and left satisfied and happy.  Also the restaurant is located in the Hard Rock so there is plenty of eye candy around.  I wouldn't frequent this place but would surely return.
5	My boyfriend and I went here for my birthday on 10-22-11.  Allison, our server, was amazing and she was very friendly.  I had two Red Sangria's and Travis had three Margaritas.  The food was great and the best part was the Fried Ice Cream with a candle.  We will be back for sure!Thank you for a great experience!
2	I eat at Pink Taco Sunday afternoon of every Vegas trip I've been on - - - meaning I've eaten there about 50 times.  This past weekend I was underwhelmed.  ....and I was STARVING.The Guac....eh.  We left most of it : (  some sort of weird flavor we couldn't put our finger on.The Chips are always awesome & they still were.  The salsa was a little different, but still good.  Although, they continue to serve them in tiny ramekins & the only way to have them replenished is by almost tackling a server to get their attention....which sometimes you just don't have the energy to do (sunday morning.....) so you just sit there with empty salsa ramekins....hungry-eyed, hoping they'll bring something else soon.The Queso dip was the most disappointing thing I've ever tasted : (  It's usually so cheesy, with a bean accent.  this one was mostly bean dip with a lump of non-melted cheese blobbed in the center.  We tried to keep it mixed up, but the cheese kept blobbing with itself and turning hard as it cooled off.  It was just sad, b/c that's the main thing we come for!  .......It was impossible to get the attention of our server so we just ate it as is and felt pouty.The Chicken Enchiladas w/ green sauce were great as usual - They're definitely a safe bet at Pink Taco.  haven't let me down yet.All in all, the lacking service along w/ the clumpy cheese dip are reasons I will probably try another Mex restaurant out next time.   I'm sure I'll be back to Pink Taco.... unless I find another place in the meantime.
1	How can a place called the Pink Taco not have killer tacos on the happy hour menu?  I had high hopes for this place and they let me down.  Service is slow,  corn tortillas were not good, steak filling was ok, and drinks were a little watered down.  The only really good thing was the bucket of warm chips .This place should take a happy hour lesson from Tommy Bahamas!  They have killer tacos!
4	I LOVE Pink Taco!  I go here every time I'm in Vegas.  Other friends and family say I'm nuts but their chimichurri is AWESOME!  I continue to make this one of my must visits when in Las Vegas.
3	Great atmosphere!The tortillas are fresh but extremely greasy. The Guac was average.
3	Come here for happy hour and get 50% off appetizers and 2 for 1 drinks.We shared an order of chicken tamales and got a basket of chips with 3 different salsas. The total: $3.78. Service was okay, but we had to wait 20 minutes to get our check. Be warned - this place is super loud, so if you aren't a fan of screaming to talk to your dining companion across the table, you might want to avoid. However, if you're looking for a cheap HH place and you happen to be staying at the HRH, this is the place to go.
5	Awesome love the chile relleno
4	Love coming to Pink Taco every time I come to Vegas.The chips and salsa could constitute a meal on their own. It comes with three different salsa options and the tortilla chips are made fresh. For an app, the sweet corn tamales are amazing, I absolutely love the chicken tostada salad and get it every time. Also greatly recommend the drinks, the pina colada is my favorite.Service has always been great, all the staff is very friendly. Ambiance is nice with fun decor. Definitely a little loud though but it's a great place for happy hour and catching a football game.The only downside is there is always a line out the door, and I don't think you can make reservations. So get there early!
1	Came here for happy hour because we were stating at the HRH. I was excited to try happy hour, but only a few of the appetizer offerings were 50% off. The waiter said that margaritas were buy one get one, but when the check was presented it us later we had been charged for both margaritas to find out that it's only the HOUSE margarita that is buy one get one free. That wasn't explained to us at all and pretty much ruined the chances of my ever coming back here again. Ordered the tortilla soup (which was not a happy hour offering) which was pretty delicious and filling. We also got the appetizer platter and out of all the things on the platter I only like the sweet corn tamales. Overall I would never come back here again and would just walk out of the hotel to get my meal fix. One suggestion for Pink Taco would be to have a clearly designated menu for just Happy Hour drinks and food - a lot of people would get screwed over less this way.
3	The food was fantastic, the pork was well seasoned and cooked perfectly.  The service left me wanting.  The server never came back, my drink was left empty, and we eventually had to get up and call him over to bring us the bill.
5	My gf & I went to try this place on a recommendation from a friend & this place was really amazing. We shared the taquito appetizer. OMG, the potato taquitos were fn good. If there was a taquito entree I would've gotten that. I had gotten the carne asada plate with the chicken enchilada. Everything on my plate was perfect. It tasted like the best home made Mexican food your mom made. The quacamole you get is to die for. I am definitely coming back. The service was friendly & the waitress were in top of everything
4	You walk in to something like a barn or a backyard that you wish could be yours.  It was nice.  The host very polite and told us our servers name.16 minutes later that server came over.  She got our order and hurried away.  Our appetizer came very fast.  So fast I had not even got my drink I ordered.  The bar was not busy so I am not sure what they were doing besides dilly dallying.  Half way through my app I got my drink..it's was a Cadillac Margarita...yummy.  Our food came and was wonderful.I am really thinking it was just my waitress that sucked...otherwise this place is awesome....but doesnt give them an excuse to hire any bimbo.
2	The cadillac margarita is very disappointing, not enough alcohol. The pink tacos were decent but my tortillas broke apart as soon as i picked up the taco. The service was horrible, we asked to start with guacamole and chips and they ended up bringing it out with our meal. When we told them we didn't want it anymore the waitress shot us a dirty look, she also didn't check up on us at all
1	The most greasiest mexican restaurant ever!! They give you tortilla chips in the beginning and my lips were glistening with the oil. but the salsa was good. My husband ordered the pink taco. Again, it's sooo oily. If you pick it up with your hands, be prepared to use A LOT  of napkins. Although, it was pretty ok. THe tortilla is stuffed with black beans and it is topped with chicken and some other stuff. The side rice is good, but...it was so greasy! how do you make greasy rice?? I got carnitas tacos and it was not good. We just ate here because we were leaving vegas on new years eve and didn't feel like eating lunch on the strip cuz of the crowds of people. but seriously, pink taco is major oil overload.
4	This is a chain but great authentic Mexican restaurant. Everything I've tried was delicious.
1	Never order Mexican with a slick facade.  Anyplace in a strip mall with Grandma back in the kitchen usually yields the gold.  This place, all hipster glitter and low rider bikes, needs to spend less time with the chrome and more time with the food.  I was underwhelmed by everything on the menu, even the guava Margarita.  Will not be going back.
4	Great Happy Hour specials, tasty appetizers and fab Margaritas! The Pink Taco's regular menu is a little pricey for Mexican grub but try the happy hour The house Margaritas are 2-4-1 and absoulutly fabulous! The happy hour appetizer menu is ample and filling enough for dinner. We had the sampler plate are were not disappointed. The ambiance was great. We were sitting at the bar and the staff was very friendly, chatty and attentive. If you stick to the specials or split an entree (they are big enough for two to share) the Pink Taco can be a good dining value.
2	I've eaten there 3 times now.  Every time is just OK. I went after New Yeas for hangover food and my meal was really tiny. They have a brunch with like 5 to 10 items on it & I thought 'is that all I get'?  During this visit, we sat up at the bar, there was like 6 people in the restaurant, and the bartender looked as if we were boring her to death. And the service was pretty lousy in general.We went today. Ordered a fajita. it was just OK as well. Chicken was over seasoned and by the time it came out to me there was no more sizzle to the fajita. It was hot, but it definitely was not sizzling or smoking with wholesome goodness as one would expect. I didn't finish most of it.  Co-worker got the fried shrimp tacos, he picked the shrimp out of the 2nd one, didn't finish most of it.   Other co-worker got a salad, she picked the salad part off the top of the tostada, didn't finish most of it.   Chips need more salt and the salsa is lackluster.If you're staying at the hotel and it's there, go ahead and try it, but I wouldn't drive to this hotel to eat here.Also, thought was a little expensive.  My ice tea was $3 and by the end of the meal lunch had cost me $29...meh
4	Hmmm....I must of have hit them on a very good day, because we thought the food was really good! We were there between lunch and dinner, so no sloppy drunks around. Ok, so we only had the appetizer platter, but everything on it was delicious and had some unique tastes. They make their own tortillas and you could really tell the difference in flavor and texture. Yes, everything was overpriced, but that seems to be the norm now for Vegas. Oh yeah, the mango margarita was mucho bueno!
2	We got there for lunch because our hotel stay let us choose one of the restaurants to eat at Pink Taco was the only one that was opened for lunch and it was packed in there, no surprise to me because I bet half the people their had the same deal as us! Anyways when we finally got seat the food took forever to arrive and wasn't that great just average, the service was extremely slow though I understand it was busy but the waitstaff could have kept on checking back to make sure everything was going fine instead of disappearing until our bill arrived (which we had to wait and ask for).Btw my boyfriend and I ordered fish tacos, guacamole, and salmon My boyfriend mentioned the salmon was bland and overcooked while I though the tacos should have been better because the name is Pink Taco in the first place. Guac was the only highlight of our lunch.Next time I'm in town or staying at the HRH again  I won't be eating here instead going to mr.lucky 24/7 located in the hotel for a better deal and time.
4	One of my favorite LV meals.  Skip the tables and line, just sit at the bar.  The service is fantastic, the bartenders super cool and you can get the full menu.  I love the sweet corn tamales.
2	A client in Vegas asked if I could meet again for lunch.  Given my dislike of the first experience at dinner, I was really hesitant to come back.  Maybe the second time was the charm, as the tortilla soup and sweet corn tamales hit all the right notes this trip, and the guacamole was very fresh, striking the right balance between creamy and chunky.
3	Been here two times in the past year and both times have been completely different from one another, so I guess I'll break it down for you:First Time -- 1/5 Stars (A few months ago) -- The waiter had NO CLUE what he was doing. I have a Rock Star card at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino, so they were supposed give us this deal where you got 99 cent tacos and margaritas for Happy Hour. He said he'd take care of us and he'd be right back with our food. 15 Minutes later, he came back and said he couldn't offer us the deal for some reason, because it wasn't the right time, or something but because he messed up, he'd give us a few tacos for the 99 cent offer. The guy literally took 45 mins to get us our food and drinks!! Definitely a bad experience and I was not too pleased at all. Second time (2 Weeks Ago) -- It was awesome!! Waiter was real friendly and gave us good recommendations. The quesadillas and the enchilada platter were awesome! My only complaint was the margarita, while tasting great, was kinda small since it was like $12 and I finished it pretty quickly. Otherwise, the place had great food, a good selection of modern mexican food, and great service. Overall, if I had a great experience both times I was there, I would probably give the place a 4, possible 5!
3	I stayed at the Hard Rock Resort & Casino for 5 nights and this place was a regular stop during our day! The food is not to authentic but DELICIOUS!  I will agree with previous yelpers that the service was decent.  Every one of our servers was very nice, and made adjustments when necessary. Some things to note:-plenty of seating-seated us fast every time-our food was delivered fast-bathrooms are right across from the restaurant-ask for water ASAP because it takes forever otherwise!
3	I would give it a 5 for the food.  YES, the service was THAT bad.I used to go to El Jefe in Henderson which has been closed for a while.  Pink Taco shares a common origin/chef and I really missed the Carnitas.  They were as delicious at PT as they used to be at El Jefe.  Ceviche appetizer was delicious too.So, if I give it 5 stars for the food and a 3 over all, I guess I'm saying the service is a 1.No need to go into details.Also, they charged $1.99 for 2 extra tortillas! And $1.50 to split our carnitas and put them on separate plates with beans and rice!  We didn't even ASK for separate plates - they took it upon themselves to do that.  You gotta be kiddin' me.
3	okay this place is called pink tacos, if you were expecting authentic you must be trippin'.  PINK TACOS.. PINK FREAKIN TACOS.. TACOS OF PINK COLOR.. What part of that makes you think, ooooh authentic mexican flare? UHH nothing... It's a large restaurant located in the hard rock that has decent tasting food.  I ordered the pink tacos, after all you always eat something they name the restaurant after right?? To be honest they weren't half bad.. Had a nice flavor, far from authentic, but certainly edible. :)Servers were on it and my friend said his margarita was DELISH!  Let's be real, i wasn't about to start my drinking at 11 am when i stayed up till 5 am the night before.. NOT HAPPENING!!!The best part of this place is the massive amounts of chips and salsa.. I gnoshed on that all throughout the meal.. This may be the perfect spot when they open up the deck to the pool area.  I can see this place bustling during the spring and summer just because theres a bar and food right by the pool.. For gosh sake, this place is called pink taco, for that reason alone you should give it a shot. Just don't expect truly authentic mexican food.. Jus' sayin'. FYI: PINK TACO: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d4qwVw4PcN-_2mK2o1Ro1g?start=100
1	Worst service ever. Took 20min to get a server to our table.  I had to ask the bus boy where our server was and if we could get some water. She finally came by and took our order and left we waited another 15min and no chips or salsa. Meanwhile tables were getting seated next to us and recieveing chips and salsa as well as water.  Asked the server if we were going to get chips and salsa and she said "i think so".  We tried to give her some slack bc she had quite a few tables and that is just poor management skills.  She responded in attitude with "Its nothing new". We recieved our FOOD before our drinks and the chips and salsa when we were finished with our food? Finally we had to get our check and she told us if we wanted it taken care ofwe should do it at the hostess station which is where we asked for the manager.  He was some young little condisending boy who had no idea what he was doing and just comped our drinks? Really when the service is that bad thats all you're going to do? He didn't care because they were busy... but I will Never coming back here again.
3	It was a type of taco I've never had before, so of course, I had to check it out.  I didn't like how dark the place is, I want to see what I'm eating!  The Pink Tacos were impressive and the excellent black beans put the dish over the top.  I'm glad I went with their namesake because I tried the carnitas and was disappointed.  The salsas were so bland  we asked for their spiciest one.  I don't know what their spice is but it was NASTY so I just avoided the salsa all together.  Washing it down with habanero infused tequila made for a decent meal.
3	I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino and we wanted to try this restaurant - the name got us haha. Food was OK..prices were reasonable and service was pretty good. It was a bar/restaurant with good ambiance, a bit loud, but not bad overall.
1	Food was well below average and well above average price! Service was even worse, so bleeding slow, ask for manager, even then it took 15 for this little man to come to the table. He was condescending and obviously in over his head. Never apologized for the slow rude service, never offered a dessert or round of over priced drinks. So much has changed over the past few years at Hard Rock, no consistency, poor service from all levels.. No wonder they are in the dumps! Do yourself a favor, walk right past this place, go eat on the strip.
3	Pink Taco is ok. Our server was really nice and helpful! Always filled our glass without us asking. Only thing I have to whine about is the quality of the food, and pricing. Obviously to me, I feel that there is some sort of unwritten rule that says "the ratio of good quality food must be equivalent to the price". I feel that this ratio is a bit off where it leans more towards a high price/ low grade food quality ratio.We got a $12 pomegranate Margarita which was of course had that big round house tequila kick to the face! But that's a given...its a margarita.$5.99 Fried Fried Ice Cream- Don't be fooled. It a big scoop of ice cream in a generic, but fancy looking ice cream cone cup. I mean I'd be sold on it if it had some sugar and cinnamon "churro" like seasoning to it, but it was plain. Then the choco syrup had some weird taste to it. Like it was spiked with alchy. I'm all for spiked drinks, but spiked syrup? Nay..$12.99 Baja Fish Tacos- SUPER SMALL PORTIONS! The fish slices WERE SMALL! I felt like they must have gone through some serious cut backs since the BP oil spill. I mean it's like they killed their pet goldfish and served it to me in a tortilla (poor goldfsh!!!!!)$8.99 Chicken Skewers- Thumbs up to tenderness...but my sister wasn't too happy to find  nicely redish pink center to it. SMH.Service is nice. The restaurant decor is fun and festive, but food is just not worth it. Thankfully the awesome Yelpers on here knows where the REAL tacos are!!
3	Pink Taco...clever name guys.  I visited this restaurant located in the Hard Rock Hotel on the last evening of my visit.  I ordered the fish taco plate which came out incredibly fast!  It seemed like the food was on our table within minutes of actually ordering it.  My hypothesis is that they have figured out how to manipulate the time-space continuum and are using this knowledge to gain that much needed edge in the restaurant business.  I could be wrong.But, I digress; my girlfriend had come here before and loved their chili relleno.  So much so that she got it again!  Being from San Diego, it will be hard to please my appetite for Mexican, but Pink Taco made a valiant attempt.  I would not feel right giving this place a 4-star rating just because my dish would not hold up to some of the spots I'm used to in SD.  I would recommend it to anyone visiting the Hard Rock.
3	Stayed at the Hard Rock for Bud Light's Largest Pool Party.  Girls wanted to grab something to eat before taking a nap for some bar crawling that night.  I got the Panuchos (Pink Tacos) a corn tortilla with beans, chicken, salsa, and avocado.  It tasted like any other taco I could have gotten from a fake me out Tex Mex restaurant.  I also thought their chips and salsa were a bit too salty for my liking.  I preferred to have gone to Mr. Lucky's next door than here.  I also found the service to lag but I really wouldn't expect too much from a restaurant in Vegas since there serving tourist 24/7.
4	Love this place great food and great atmosphere come here all the time and never had a bad time
4	FUN!!!  Food is large and great service too!
2	I was so disappointed by this place. First, the decor is pretty cool. A very laid back atmosphere with picnic table type tables in part of the restaurant. I ordered the bean and queso dip, some chicken skewers and the fried ice cream. The food was fairly flavor-less. The fried ice cream was a complete let down. The service was extremely average. Add all of these things together and I would probably swing by for a late night if I had to soak up some alcohol...but that would be it. It just was nott that good.
3	I only tried this place because it was featured on The Real World... lol... so when my friends and I didn't know where to eat, I suggested we come here.WARNING: Pink Taco is NOT authentic Mexican food. So if that's what you are looking for, you will leave feeling disappointed. I mean, they don't even have Horchata or anything. What Mexican restaurant doesn't have Horchata? hahaI ordered two carne asada tacos & one fish taco. The carne asada tacos were good, but I've had MUCH MUCH better fish tacos at other places. The rice was a little hard for my taste, but the beans were pretty good. The Lemonade kinda sucked.The service wasn't great but it wasn't bad. Overall, I thought it was okay. I don't mind trying different versions of Mexican food. I wouldn't really MIND coming back here.
3	I was in love with the LA location and was looking forward to eating at the Las Vegas location. Um, DISAPPOINTMENT! they didn't have the pink margarita, which was my favorite. I did get the margarita though, but it was more like a sugarita. I took three sips and was disgusted because all I tasted was sugar, water and lime. The nachos were good, but everything else was blah. The location also isn't pretty as the LA one. The Nachos and customer service earned three star because everything else sucked.
5	First things first: The diablo salsa is AWESOME!!  It doesn't come with the regular chips and salsa, you have to ask for it.  If you are a chili head, this is the only way to go!!Their Happy Hour (4-7pm) is fantastic!  I'd be hard pressed to find another place where two people can eat and drink (even if our beer is NA) for $12.  The specials are only available at the bar but get there early so you get a seat.
5	My favorite meet up place. The first time I came here I tried the Fried Ice Cream and I fell in love. If you are a fan or have never tried fried ice cream...try it here! They have good happy hour specials. The corn tamale appetizer is so fresh and light. My friend usually gets the veggie burrito and she has no complaints. It's always a lively atmosphere. The servers/waitresses have always been friendly. If there's a wait for a table sit at the bar and order away!
4	After landing in Vegas for a little getaway with my boyfriend.. and getting settled into our room.. we decided we wanted a beer and lunch... and then a nap so we could stay up and party all night.. Vegas style. We got to Pink Taco just in time for Happy Hour. They have a very good happy hour menu. We did order off the regular menu. I had been to the Pink Taco  in Scottsdale, AZ, prior to it's closing, a few times, so I knew the menu a bit, and love the pink tacos. We ordered those , the queso and a sampler appetizer plate. The appetizer plate was full of appetizer...a quesadilla, carne asada skewers, chicken tikki skewers, taquitos (which are so different here I LOVE!!).. the queso bean dip was too much and lacking in spice for us.. We kept adding hot sauce to it.. as well as the salsa that comes with the chips. BUT this is a great happy hour with 2 for 1 beers.. we even came back again during our stay. Be ready for that nap after your Mexican carb overload!
1	What a disappointment!  Not authentic Mexican food.  I ordered the Pink Taco and it wasn't good at all. Husband ordered fish taco. Okay but have had better. The worst part was the watered down and overpriced margaritas.Wow! Awful, all ice and we ordered two of their signature margaritas.  To end a bad meal we were double charged on our bill.  We told waiter who just walked away and came back with corrected bill. He then grabbed the double bill sitting in front of me. I said I want to keep this to make sure our credit card isn't billed.  He said, "No you can't have it" and ripped it into little shreds and put the shreds beside me and left.  Service was an F.
3	Shrimp taco is my favorite here. Everything else is ok =\ The Carnitas Tacos pulled pork or chucks was a little bit on the dry side. The Quesadilla Canre Asada Sirloin Streak was just ok. I think at Applebee's it taste better =x  Also it gets pretty load in there so it was kind of hard to chat. Maybe we went on a busy night so whatever.
3	Best service I've received in a while from a little gal named Dina. Food was okay... nothing special. We got the appetizer platter. It had a couple sweet corn tamales, four wedges of quesadilla, and some steak and chicken skewers. Honestly, the food was not that memorable. The sweet corn tamales tasted like corn bread. Don't get me wrong. I love corn bread, but not when it's supposed to be a tamale. The masa was way too sweet. The steak skewer was the best thing on the platter. Service is why I bumped them from 2 to 3. :) She was awesome, but won't be back any time soon for the food.
2	I've tried Pink Taco at other locations and this one was by far the worst.  I usually enjoy Pink Taco but ugh... definitely not here. Slowwwwwwwwww service, they kept confusing our orders, and it took us 5 times of asking to finally get our waters/drinks. The food is okay and the ambiance is super cute... but shit if you have a set schedule, go somewhere else. Or if you're super starving and grumpy and not in the mood to be patient... go somewhere else.
4	Good service, great happy hour, tasty food! I've been only three times but I'm pretty impressed! Happy hour is the best deal.. Food & drink specials are lovely. My friend & I had the chicken nachos and chicken skewers along with two Pacificos. Yummy! I had the pink tacos (I think they're called?) before which were good & this last time, I had the chicken & cheese enchiladas. SO GOOD. The sangria with champagne floater was really good, as well. All in all, great place to go.. I'll be back!
3	I am constantly searching for excellent mexican in the valley.  This place is just OK.The pluses:  Reasonable pricing, good service, decent atmosphere.The minuses:  Margaritas seemed pretty weak, expecially when we ordered them in a pitcher.  The food itself was OK - We ordered carnitas, which were good but nothing special, and the appetizer sampler, which was mediocre.All in all, nothing remarkable about Pink Taco.  A solid three stars.
4	I've been coming to Pink Taco for years.  So it's not authentic Mexican food, but it's still a fun time.  Oh, and their queso is DA BOMB.Before I became a vegetarian, I used to order the shrimp tacos (yum).  Now that I'm vegetarian, I switch between veggie burritos, quesadillas, and enchiladas.  Everything I get is fresh and flavorful and huge.What do I always get when I'm at Pink Taco?  The queso dip and the fried ice cream.  The queso is a huge bowl of gooey cheese that always leaves a smile on my face.  The fried ice cream has just enough crunch per ice cream bite, and is topped with a little bit of liqueur to make things interesting.*Side note to vegetarians: although we had asked in the past, it wasn't until recently a server told us that some of the sauces (not all) and the rice are made with chicken stock.  Make sure to ask questions before you order anything, and if you're really worried about it have them ask the kitchen or a manager.Besides the good food, I think what really keeps me coming back here is the atmosphere.  Top to bottom is decorated with Dia de los Muertos skeletons, luchador movie posters, and even a pimped out bike or two.  The music is just one great song after another (probably Hard Rock's doing, I'm sure) and the servers are always on top of things.  We have brought several friends who were visiting town and they've all enjoyed themselves as well.A little pricier than I like to pay for a burrito, but not bad for The Strip.  Don't come on Sundays unless you like fighting the crowds of drunk, sunburnt college kids partying at Rehab.To Pink Taco: what's happened to your salsas?  They used to be so good now they are falling by the wayside.  It makes me sad.
4	I've been doing some work at the hotel for about 3 months now, so I've eaten at the Pink Taco about 20 times in 2012 already.  I should be a part owner by now.  I'm going to at least try to get some free guac next time I'm down there...The good: Portions are good sized, even for a fatty-fat-fat accountant who is eating to escape reality.  The pink tacos, fish tacos, burritos, and etc have great portion sizes.  The carne asada and canitas plates are both awesome, but a tad bit expensive.  The steak tonight was amazing.  No sh*t.  Service is pretty spot on.  The critiques: You might want to avoid this place if you're going out on a first date on a Friday night.  It can get pretty loud.  The scenery is decent.  Nothing visually appealing enough to write home about.I'll be back.  Hell, I'll probably be back later this week since it's uber convenient.
5	My favorite Taco Restaurant.I LOVE the panuchos! (the pink tacos). The tortillas are made fresh-constantly. The food is very good. The salsas available now are (in my oppinion) not as good as they used to be five years ago, but the flavors are distinct and delicious including the verde and chipotle of the three given.Once we went in and they had available sword fish for the fish tacos. Increadable!I must go every time Im in Vegas.Come Hungry
3	Another place opens for lunch at Hard Rock.Service: good! Very friendlyFood: I don't eat taco, so the only thing I can order from the manuel is grilled salmon and veggies. Salmon was fresh and nicely made, but the veggies were all too oily and burnt.They do have a full bar inside, so if you like taco, like to drink, this is a place to be.
4	Stayed at Hard Rock over the weekend and tried Pink Taco for the first time in LV. Good service, cold beer, and tacos were pretty tasty. I rate it a 4.5 out of five, as the salsa didn't have much of a kick. Definitely worth another trip Definitely would revisit!
5	Amazing food, great prices.  They serve three salsas with the free chips they give you, all of which were delicious!
4	I only came here during happy hour. Let me make this easy:- Sit at the bar. Bartenders are awesome and you can play some touch screen poker. We came up! bout $1.50 ;) lol- 2 for 1 Margaritas, yup.- Guacamole is so good. And chips and 3 different kinds of salsa right away? Why, thank you, don't mind if I do.That's all I experienced, and that's all I needed.
4	Been coming here for 10 years or so.  Great lunch place.  Everything rocks.  I would give it 5stars, however the service and food presentation has slacked a but since new ownership took over.Definite on a vegas trip of cold beers and tasty mex.
1	Awful. Food and service were pathetic. Thankfully we're leaving... Sad that leaving is the highlight of being here. Not recommended.
2	Eh. Not that great for food. I ordered the sampler platter and the chicken and beef skewers were served cold and dry. The cheese enchiladas tasted processed and commercially produced. My wife's mom ordered the mujado burrito and it was salty and soggy with the flavors all very bland. Luckily, the Hardrock comped our meal up to $80. I don't recommend Pink Taco for meals.
3	I had the beef tacos and thought they were really good... We got there for the happy hour where they were doing 2/1 margaritas which were made really well and the staff was very nice..The only drag is that Hard Rock is the hang out for the local turds, tourist Goomba's and the wanna be rockers... That was the only thing that took away from this place.
4	Fun Mexican joint in the Hard Rock, I really like the chips and salsa they serve. the wait staff is always friendly and the gift shirts they sell are fun souvenirs to bring home. I always order the mojado burrito here with carnitas and I am never disappointed. I agree with the other reviewers that the sweet corn tamales are a must try, they were so good.
2	meh, overpriced mediocre mexican food.it's not so much that it was overpriced mediocre mexican food it's that it was just not very memorable.service was good. i see no reason to every come here again.
1	Man, Pink Taco really dropped the ball last Saturday. I was here with a huge party of friends, expecting to have a wild night of margaritas followed by some serious fun at the slot machines. I even gave up my romantic reservation for two at the Paris to share some laughs with the group. Sadly, we all left this craptastic place tired and angry and headed back to our hotels. Thanks for ruining my night, Pink Taco.My friends asked me to make up some terrible puns to express how horrendous our experience was at this place. Here goes...*Hairful* what you order. Need I say more?It was no *enlightening* experience. In fact, we were left *in the dark* about the whole thing. Literally. In the dark on the patio. We had to use the light of our phones to aim our forks in the right direction. Nothing more intimate than eating to the light of an iPhone.The darkness was a real *buzz*kill. The useless battery-operated candles they gave us lasted about 3 minutes before they set off a high-pitched buzzing noise and then died (except for the ones we threw into the bushes first).We got a *flush*, but not playing poker... In the bushes next to us, a sudden loud sound of water running was very suspicious. Since we couldn't see anything, theories ranged from someone peeing a heavy stream in the trees to a toilet flushing nearby.We were the *butt* of someone's joke when they dropped their lit cigarette onto our table from above.In conclusion, my puns may be awful, but our dining experience was even worse. They gave us a couple of pitchers of margaritas we didn't ask for and then claimed they "comped our drinks." Uh-huh.I forgot to mention the food was meh. I didn't get halfway into my chile relleno before a friend pulled a long hair out of his mouth. Aaaaand I'm done.
4	Grabbed food at the Pink Taco while staying onsite at the hotel. We liked it better than the other restaurant that faces the cassino floor. Cal Mex style food w/ good margaritas and a Vegas style staff. Quick in and out, decent prices and delicious margaritas. We have been to the Los Angeles location before but we enjoyed the food and environment here a little more. Perfect if you want to escape the pool sun for a little while.
3	The food here is great. The service "not so much". Their salsa is weak, but if you ask, they have a habanero salsa that will satisfy the chile head in you. Huge portions. This place is good. But only rates 3 stars due to lack of service. They don't take reservations either. If you're staying at HR & want Mexican, it's a no brainer.
3	This place was OK... i hadn't eaten all day so I decided to come down here and sit at the bar by myself at around 6:00 PM to get some food in me.  Mexican food I guess... I ordered the grilled salmon dish... came with some grilled veggies and some potatoey mash and some kind of glaze... it was good.  not great, not bad.. just OK... overpriced I guess, but everything in Vegas is...the salsa that comes w/ the free chips was really weak.. they give you 3 salsas and they were all weak.  Nothing really special about this place.... kinda what you expect from a Vegas-hotel mexican place.
3	This was our 2nd choice since Mr. Lucky was kinda busy.It took a while to be seated cuz the hostess was away. But the waiter was prompt. I really like the chips. They were warm & had a soft crunch. I am not a salsa eater, so have no opinion on that. We shared the sampler appetizer. Overall it was fine, although the chicken was cold. I sure did like the little sweet tamales! The appetizer was just enough food to not weigh us down, so we could move on to the next destination.
3	The food is Good! I love the pink tacos, the sweet corn tamale and the guacamole.  The chips and salsa are great too.  I love the cadilllac margarita...OMG!! Talk about AWESOME!!  The set up is pretty cool...it has a large patio and it opens up the whole restaurant  The decor is fun and the bar is great.  I was staying at the Hard Rock Hotel for a business trip and my co-worker (boss) and I went here everyday!  We had breakfast here too.  They had this awesome yogurt and fruit parfait with fresh coconut  and this fantastic granola.  I wanted to try the breakfast burrito, but we did not have time to do the breakfast again.  The issue I had was the service. They were very understaffed and could not keep up.  I felt bad for the staff because they were so busy, but it was just very slow.  The bar tender was not very nice and acted like she could not help us.  The food was good, but service was definitely lacking!I will be back because I like it and I love the HRH!!
1	Spend your money somewhere else!  Service was awful, food was barely warm and everyone made you feel like you were bothering them.   Ordered guacamole right away and never received it.  Food order came out with wrong items and the food server was iratated with us like it was our fault.  Waitress comes by and picks it up and just walks away and comes back later with another plate.  No apology and never came back to ask how things were.   We live here and there are plenty of other mexican places with better service and food that would love to have our money.
3	You know, I would totally love this place if it wasn't at Hard Rock.It's right next to Rehab shithole douchebags pool. I seriously don't know how these people can listen to the same techno dance music over and over again. But, other than that, I loved their food. I ordered a chicken tostada salad which was very fresh and had pretty good amounts of chicken. Their guac is so delish. I couldn't stop eating it. It had a little kick!! Service was bleh. Not that great but not that bad either. We needed refills on our drinks and when they dropped off our food for a table of 8 they bolted and didn't ask us if we needed anything. Super annoying.I probably won't be back only because of jersey shore douches that like to come here.
2	I love gambling, partying and obviously I love to eat so naturally Las Vegas is one of my favorite places to visit. I have been to Las Vegas a few times and Pink Taco has always been one of my favorite and more afforadable places to dine. Unfortunately, on my last visit, I was a bit disappointed. I don't know it if was my selection or if they have just simple fell off, but the joy I typically have eating there just was not there. The portion size was good, the prices average and the service was what you typically expect, but the food itself was just not that good. I ordered the Carne Asada Tacos and it lacked something (aka flavor). I had to added so much hot sauce to make it taste an ounce of what it should & steak naturally has a bit a flavor so I am not quite sure why that was. And although they use fresh corn tortillas, it still could not save the taste of these tacos. On the other hand, the chips and salsa were pretty good, but I hardly expect that free chips and salsa can make up for mediocre food you actually pay for.
1	Terrible service, so-so food, expensive prices!My boyfriend and I are staying at the HR hotel and thought we would have breakfast at the Pink Taco. We got here about 10 minutes before breakfast closed but they said we could still get it. We were sat and after about 5 minutes no one had come to talk to us. The place was almost empty so it seemed ridiculous that we had to wait. After about 10 minutes my boyfriend asked the hostess if we could order our breakfast. She then had a conference with our server who came over to the table and made a really big deal out of our ordering breakfast.I got French toast and he got carne and eggs. My French toast was ok, luke warm. His food was just ok too but the portion was small for the price. The server never checked on us the entire time we ate. It took a long time to get the bill too!The only great part of our experience was the decor.If you decide to eat at the Hard Rock, do yourself a favor, go to Fuel. The breakfast sandwiches are awesome and the staff are super friendly, hardworking and awesome!
4	loved my burrito, but these girls next to me hated their tacos, at pink taco? lol i guess you have to know what to order and not expect authentic Mexican food :]
2	Came here with friends and the boyfriend. Had a large group and service was pretty good. Coming from Southern California, where one can get *amazing* Mexican food, this place was meh, average. The margaritas were at least strong. We sat "outside" which was next to the obnoxious pool and club music. Better places to eat, won't be coming back.
4	I have no idea what I ordered aside from it being chicken, no idea how much it cost, and no idea how good it was but since I spent the day at Rehab and I was starving it made me happy.
4	Pink Taco at the Hard Rock is a fun place to go to for Mexican food.  They had a great selection to choose from, the atmosphere is just what you would expect from Hard Rock and the food is great!Pros: I like to go there when I am friends or on a date.  The chips are made fresh there and served hot with 3 different salsas to choose from.  The service has been good every time we go...not amazing but nothing to complain about.Cons: This is not a place I would take kids to.  Although I have seen kids in there, I probably wouldn't take my kids only because the music is so loud and the environment is made more for the adults.
2	Way under staffed and incredibly slow service, especially for a Saturday night.
5	Delicious ! We went here after being at the pool all day and drinking, the salsa and chips are so delicious that I could eat them all day. I got the chicken tostada salad and it was amazing ! My friends got tacos and they said they were delicious and my other friend got chicken nachos and he said they were great, reasonably priced, I would defiantly recommend this place !
3	Always a fun time, however this last time the food wasn't as good as it normally has been. They need to cook the corn tamales longer, very mushy. All and all I love coming here.
1	I'm staying at the Hard Rock and passed by Pink Taco while walking through to the pool. Since I have had nothing but great experiences at both the Sunset and Century City locations in LA, I assumed the same would go for Vegas. Wrong.For just 2 people, it didn't take long for us to be seated as there weren't many people inside. Our waitress Melisa, however, was extremely rude and had a terrible attitude. She didn't come check on us one time, and passed us to walk through several times. When asked how big the burritos were, she just shrugged and acted like it's not her job to know the menu at the restaurant she works at. She only was waiting on 2 other tables while we were there, and she couldn't even bring us out our food or refill our waters. As for the food, I got the CHicken Tostada Salad and I have absolutely no complaints., thus the one star. My friend ordered the Burrito Mojado and the rice and beans that came with it were terrible. Runny beans and hard rice don't go well with anything. Besides the extremely terrible service, when she brought us the check, she charged us 3 bucks for sour cream, which came on my salad but I asked for it on the side. After waiting about 10 minutes and us asking to speak to her manager, she said we could just go up to the cashier and ask. The cashier was apparently the host and greeter all in one, so it took a while for us to even notice we were there. She did end up taking off the charge after our explanation.I planned on complaining about the waitress but the manager was busy getting a complaint from someone else in the restaurant so I settled for leaving Melisa no tip :)Lesson learned, I'll just stick to LA!
5	Admittedly, I was completely plastered when I came to eat here but I have to say my tacos were AMAZING!!! After chugging down 30 oz. of pure alcohol at Rehab, Pink Taco seriously hits the spot. Their chips and salsa is also so delicious! i couldn't pick out a favorite salsa, they all have their own unique taste. Though it's far from the strip, I think I would definitely come back to eat here. Mexican food always hits the spot after drinking.
3	I live close to the Mexico border and am used to authentic Mexican food, so my review is maybe harsh. I would give it 2 stars, but I gave them the benefit of the doubt since the guac was spot on. The chips were good, and the tortillas are made in house. But everything went downhill from there. We ordered the fajitas, and they were a serious disappointment. Still trying to figure out why my chicken came out so greasy and red? And I also didn't get the beans. Were they aiming for the refried taste? I won't be back. The name of the restaurant is more appealing than the food.
4	The Hard Rock Hotel has this sweet little cantina, the Pink Taco. Its down the hall from the gaming rooms and kind of next door to 35 Steaks and Martinis.A hipster Mexican bar, the Pink Taco is a hot spot filled with cool decor from low rider bikes to hub cap lights, to an awesome bar that is the tower of tequila. Additional Dia de los Muertos curios as well as OG Mexican wrestling swag adorns this hot pink spot. Think Luche Libre with mas tequila. While I didn't get to partake in any of the food the Pink Taco offers but I did sample a couple of the tequila masterpieces. Enter the Cadillac. They drove two of those bad boys right into my living room. The Don Julio Silver, Triple Sec, lime, lemon sour, and Grand Marnier started my engines up right. Like a "72 Eldorado coup de ville rag top with twice pipes. Those caddy's were drop top cool baby.Then I saw it. The Chupacabra. The elusive blood sucking beast of the night came to do me in. The Don Julio Blanco, lime juices, jalapenos, ginger beer, and some chili salt to lick off the rim. This was one cool hot drink! The pepper had the right amount of bite to make you crave another. Viva Chupcabra!The Pink Taco is a cool spot to start up your hot night at the Hard Rock.I'll be back.
4	Both nights in Vegas, we ordered food to go from here and took it to the room, so I didn't get to experience the dining here. But the food was great, reasonably priced, and fast. Not a bad idea if you're staying at the Hard Rock.
4	Love the Pink Taco!!! Good Mexican food and very good Margaritas!!
5	My husband and I recently checked out Pink Taco while in Vegas. We had an awful trip to LV, but an awesome experience at Pink Taco. We chose to go for lunch and it was pretty quiet when we went in (on a Friday afternoon). They had a ton of staff on and everyone seemed really friendly and like they enjoyed their jobs. My husband ordered a beer and I ordered a frozen mango margarita. It was the best mango margarita I have ever had. They gave us tortilla chips and a plate of three dips (two salsas and a guacamole). The guacamole was smooth and creamy and the salsas had SO much flavor. They were delish!!My husband ordered the chicken and cheese enchilada with green and red sauce and I ordered the chicken burrito. We both thoroughly enjoyed our meals and it was a nice break from the chain Mexican restaurants we often frequent back home. We also ordered the churros for dessert and those didn't disappoint as well!The atmosphere was great and we loved the decor of the restaurant. We definitely recommend checking out Pink Taco if you take a trip to Vegas! :)
2	This place basically sucked and was expensive for Mexican. There are so many better places. It's the most basic of basic Mexican food. Bland. Boring.
3	i have to say i really like this place. i wouldnt say its the best place in the world but its solid. i wouldnt necessarily go out of my way to go here but if im at the hardrock its my choice for the places there. the tacos are small though.the burrito was good, as were the fagitas and the appetizers- i also like that they bring free chips and salsa to the tables. the service was also pretty good on both occasions. my only complaint in regards to the food is that the rice seemed undercooked or as though it dried out from sitting. (also i dont like there salad- its sweet? and odd)but hey, im sure some people like the salad so....all in all a good place for a bite to eat.
4	Always good food, and good vibe.
3	Came here while on a trip vegas since I was staying at the Hard Rock. The food was very basic as far as Mexican food goes.  They bring out chips and salsa while you wait. There's three different salsas that they bring out with the chips. I personally wasn't a big fan of the salsas, but the chips were fresh and good.I then ordered the chicken taco which was fair. Definitely nothing special or memorable in my opinion. It was about as basic as tacos could be. It lacked any special flavor and felt more like take out.This is the type of place you come to after a day of drinking or maybe to grab a quick bite before you start drinking. But it's nothing amazing by any stretch. Food is good, but not that good.
4	Part of the reason I was going to Vegas was to go on Foursquare badge hunts. These hunts proved to be more difficult than what I wanted and Steven grew more annoyed with me as I did my badge chasing. I found out about Pink Taco off of the Foursquare website as a valid check in to getting the Hard Rock Hotel badge. Not only were we staying right across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel but the idea that they might be serving pink tacos peaked my interest.One thing I simply love about Las Vegas is that it truly is a city that never sleeps and stores and restaurants are open to the farthest reaches of the night. Pink Taco is no exception. The night we went it was just about to get busy and lengthy waits for a table were about to ensue. We squeezed in just the nick of time. Once we got seated we had some pretty delicious chips and salsa to eat. At times it seemed like the waiter was spread too thin and there were about two times when we were wondering if we would ever see him again. He forgot our silverware as well but once we were able to get him he seemed eager to please and cheery about his work.I mentioned that the chips were good and indeed they were! I of course had to order the pink tacos. The tacos were chicken tacos that had a purposeful pink hue to them. They were tasty but not by any means really authentic. Not bad eats though.Out of the casino restaurants that we hit on this trip I would have to say that Pink Taco was the best one I went to on this trip!
5	Absolutely the best mexican place in Vegas.  The atmosphere, the music and the food seal the deal.  I had the carnitas platter, and it is excellent.  the spices they use on the meat is wonderful, the chips and salsa are fantastic and the margaritas are perfect.  It's a bit off the strip, but worth the walk or the cab ride.
3	It is what is.. I am for sure a fan of the sweet corn tamales, and I have had them many times at Pink Taco over the years. Drinks are descent and happy hour is a good time to check it all out. It's one of the only spots at the Hard Rock that has any draw for me. I'd put it just above MR. Luckys 24/7 but far below Culinary Dropout or Nobu. (and I'd rather go CDO than Nobu anytime :) Given the limited choices at HRH it's usually between Pink Taco or Culinary Dropout. I only go to Mr. Luckys for their Fire Roasted Nachos.. Things have changed over there... Anyway, drop into Pink Taco if you need a "Mexican" style food fix :) Happy Eating!
2	Let me start off with this place used to be great! Sadly they're now trading on their name and the quality has dropped off tremendously. They offer these three salsas with the chips you get when you sit down and my wife and I used to destroy them all. The last time we went in (about a month ago) was because my wife was jonesin' for some good chips and salsa and we couldn't be more disappointed. The salsas were bland, watery and lacked any unique taste. We asked the server and she said about six or seven months ago that they changed the recipe. I've always been a fan of the sabano de pollo. It was extremely rich but extremely juicy and flavorful. I used to think this is how a fat kid with a cake on his birthday feels. It was good this time around, and it may have been as good as in times past but I just couldn't get over the betrayal of the cheapening of the ingredients. House margaritas are solid, and service is good.
4	Even though there is a Pink Taco here in LA hubby and I never had the chance to check them out but always wanted to! Luckily we got the chance in Vegas this weekend.I got the Panuchos (Pink Tacos) and hubby got Carne Asada Tacos and both were deelish!  You get 3 tacos with rice and beans.What's addicting is the chips & 3 salsas especially the sweet & tangy salsa! YUM!Can't wait to try the LA locations soon and other dishes!
4	YUM!We went on an all day Party Bus that ended at the Hardrock for Rehab. We went to Pink Taco for lunch and the food was great! At least in the moment, it was amazing. Our server put up with our shenannigans and split checks like a champ. Good food! Good Chips!
1	Read reviews that this was a good spot for Mexican - save your money!  Had the pink tacos.  There was a smear of black beans on a corn tortilla, topped with some cheese and microwaved before being topped with some extremely dry chopped chicken.  $12.00 margarita was about 4 sips.  Good news:  Chips were fresh and salsas were good....disappointing!
4	$45 all you can eat tacos and margaritas. Tacos were delicious, margaritas were OK.
3	Nothing special. It's Americanized Mexican food and pricey! Happy hour only reason to go
3	An okay place for lunch. We happened to be at the Hard Rock for a pool party and decided to grab lunch beforehand. I got the fish tacos, which were okay. The nachos are pretty good though and it comes with 3 different types of salsa. I wasn't impressed by the food, but it's a nice place to hang out and have a couple beers.
4	First time to the Pink Taco. Was at the Hard Rock so we tried this place. Sat outside on the patio. It was a Thursday night  so it want not too packed. Service was good. Pitcher of Margaritas you cant be that. I did try their signature Pink Tacos(Panuchos) and they were damn good. 3 good size tacos, the pickled onions were a little different but I would order them again
4	Really great food and delicious (strong!) drinks.  Good spot for a group of people while you're in Vegas.  Much spicier than east coast Mexican food, so be prepared for the heat.  The service was on the slow side, but it's a VERY busy restaurant, and it's better than feeling rushed out.  The food was well worth the wait.
2	Super over priced and the food isn't that good.  The only reason why we've ever gone here is because it's one of the only places inside the Hard Rock Hotel to eat late.  I'm all for small portion sizes, but Mexican food is something that shouldn't come miniature.  I'm sure I'll be back but more out of convenience than anything.
4	We had a large work party here last night and service, drinks and food were all good.  Glad to see dining room full as well.  At least some things don't change.
2	I am giving 2 stars for the Free chips and salsa which were great. Service also was good. But the bad points fish tacos 3 small tacos lets say miniture best part was fresh tortilla fish was tasteless best part pico on it. Chicken and cheese enchiladas best part tortilla and maybe sauce on top not bad. But Chicken tasted like it came out of a can no flavor, no seasoning,no cheese or actual enchilada sauce on it inside the tortilla. My friend would not even eat his and he loves enchilladas, thats why we went there. We had a pitcher of Sangria's 45 dollars for the pitcher no fruit in pitcher one strawberry in each glass bitter tasting wine. One reason I am giving 2 stars instead of 1 is because they did not charge for my friends enchilada dinner. Prices are high but it is Las Vegas if the food had taste and flavor don't mind paying for it.
4	Enjoyed happy hour here, since I saw they had fantastic deals online and we were staying at the hotel. It was pretty empty when we came in but service was fast and friendly. We ordered waaayyyy too much, 2 for 1 beers, nachos and their sampler along with the delicious chips & salsa. We had dinner reservations a few hours later and we totally spoiled our appetite. Nice flavors as far as the items we tried.
3	It was good for diner food.  I had the carne asada tacos and while it was good, there was really nothing special about it.  Also, the wait staff were busier talking to each other than worrying about their customers.
1	Really not a fan. I took some friends who really wanted to go even though I tried to talk them out of it. The food is just ok. But the service was/is just really slow and rude. Tourists can have this one.
1	My wife got sick within a few hours of leaving the restaurant.  She ordered the appetizer sampler and it was bad news from there on.  Many other optiosn while you are in Vegas - I would eat someplace else.
1	Stay away.  I've eaten at the Pink Taco three times and got food poisoning twice.  I should have known better, but I thought the first food poisoning event was a fluke and decided to go back.  What a mistake.
4	Why all the bad reviews?? We actually ate here 3 times over the course of the weekend (umm... don't judge), and I liked everything I ordered. I mean, I guess I wouldn't have gone out of my way to come here if I weren't staying at the Hard Rock, but when you're hungover and need a big plate of nachos for lunch and there's Pink Taco right downstairs... well, there ya go. I tried the chicken tacos (good), tostada salad (really good), tortilla soup (decent) and chicken nachos (decent). I would like to drink an entire carafe of their green salsa. Is that weird? I don't care.
2	After hearing everyone and their brother go on about how excellent Pink Taco is, I have to say that there must be another one somewhere else in town that's good.The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't that good, either. It was average. The waitstaff was okay. The mediocre food came out quickly.There are much better places in town.
4	Food is always amazing but the service is a hit or miss. The Shrimp Tacos and queso dip are the best. It is a bit pricey but you are inside The Hard Rock & the food is worth it :)The bar & music is great & if you sit on the patio you can see the pool from your table which I love.
2	Dear Pink Taco,I so wanted to love you ever since my mom came to a catered event her several years ago. When I was picking out Restaurant.com certificates, I just knew I had to have you in my life. I love "upscale" Mexican food, and was hoping you could deliver. Sadly, you did not. Your hostesses sat us very quickly and I applaud the quick chip and salsa delivery. I didn't realize how hungry I was until your delicious salsas were in my face and your warm chips were breaking all over the table in my impatience. Little did I know this was to be the best of the meal. Your server took approximately a year to even take our drink order. Then, throughout the meal, he proceeded to commit two cardinal sins in a restaurant: asking if we were doing okay with his hands full and his back 3/4 turned away from us, as though we were an afterthought, and the second, putting the check down before asking if we wanted anything else. Pink Taco, this server did not earn his included 18%. On to your strange food choices. I ordered your famed Pink Tacos, which had little flavor until I added the aforementioned salsas. The tortillas were good, the pickled onions too, but the chicken and black bean paste were dull. I so wanted to like your taquitos, our chosen appetizer, but the flavor was strange and by only receiving 3 tiny taquitos for $7.50, I sighed for those who would pay full price for them.  The bottom line, dear sweet Pink Taco, is that you have all the potential for a great awesome upscale Mexican food reinvention--great decor, interesting menu items, and a provocative (albeit silly) name.  Somehow, you missed the mark and I hope we can be together again under better circumstances. Love,Molly T.
3	During a night on the strip, a friend and I sought out Pink Taco because we had a coupon (that included 18% gratuity). I liked Pink Taco's style, especially the lanterns.  We order thee odd mashed potato filled taquitos...ended up being a confusing combo. Not sure if those things are meant to go together.  I ordered chicken fajitas for my meal; not the easiest drunk food choice, but still tasty.  Service was very bland and unimpressive. Although it was just fine, there wasn't anything here that would make me want to return.
2	I jst went there today with my friend for dinner.  The salsa for the chips and the coke was good.  The service was the absolute worse.  Someone other than the server delivered our food and when my friend wanted salsa for his tacos because they were dry, she never came by at all. He had to eat them dry because they were gettin cold.  I had the burrito and it was jst average.  I started out with the tortilla soup which was disgusting.  it tasted like red pepper which it did have inside but ewww i ordered tortilla soup not red pepper soup.  i sent that back.  My friend and I were jst very mad because our server ruined his meal by never ever coming to check on us so we could ask for salsa.  We were especially mad when we realized she was busy texting by the hostess stand the whole time.  Obviously this place does not have a supervisor around.  Oh and the music was horrible.  so bad. it was demonic or sumtin.  Needless to say me and friend decided we were never ever coming back again. like ever.
4	After I got over being a 14 year-old and laughing at the name, I really enjoyed my food here.The portion size was VERY big (wasn't able to finish my rice and beans), and I probably could have avoided the chips (which are pink) and salsa before had to save room...  But either way, I was happy.The service was friendly and prompt, and the atmosphere was OK as well.The tables were a little awkward for me (the height of the seats in relation to the floor and the table was weird), and the environment was extremely dark, so I'm giving it a 4/5 this time around.
1	I swear I must have died sometime last weekend because when I came here to eat this weekend I was treated like a ghost despite standing right next to the two hostesses. Your food has good reviews but unfortunately I fear that I would have to jump through hoops and eat fire just to get serviced. HOW CAN YOU FEED THE PEOPLE WHEN YOU CAN'T EVEN SERVE THE FOOD. Locals FAIL!
3	Mexican food was mediocre. However service was great, very friendly staff. Its a touristy place located in the Hard Rock casino. It was a good experience. I recommend it if your in the area.
5	Great ambience (loud and spirited, so no quiet dates here), amazing salsas (am still dreaming about the avocado salsa), and delicious food.  The shrimp tacos were to die for.  In fact, the only thing sub-par were the vaunted margaritas, but I'll get over that.  I'd go here again next time am in Vegas.
4	I liked this place so much, I ate here twice during my stay. Meal #1: pink taco plate. This was really good. I wish I could remember what was in it, though. Honestly, someone just said I should order it, so I did. It comes with 3 tacos, which are a bit like glorified street tacos. I want to say they were chicken. A special sauce may or may not have been involved, but if it was I didn't notice and I normally dislike copious amounts of any sauce. I like that they give you 3 good-sized tacos. Those, with your typical rice & beans, managed to fill me up. Meal #2: 1/2 chicken in a mole sauce. One thing I love about getting a 1/2 chicken is that I'm guaranteed (usually) a nice, full, plump breast. Which I got here. Slathered in their viscous mole sauce, it was absolutely fantastic,. The thing I don't like is that the rest of the meat you have to pick off isn't as good, and you now have to contend with things like fat and little bones. I actually do all of that scavenging first, delaying the gratification of eating the coveted breast. I do weird stuff when I eat, what can I say? It came on a bed of  - you guessed it - rice & beans. Still as good as they were the other night. The staff is very dependent on how good they can predict your tip will be. Meaning, when they learn my gf and I won't be having appetizers or over-priced drinks, they tend to pay a little less attention. I understand they work on tips, but it shouldn't be my fault I don't want more than I ordered. It's obvious to me as a customer, and pretty annoying. But the food rocks, so I'll be sure to come back.
5	Brilliant timing on a Pink Taco visit at The Hard Rock Hotel in Vegas! Carlos the waiter and a bunch of girls serving things from the new menu. Great happy hour specials, great DJ, great food and the margaritas are always good as well. I've been to three of these locations (two in LA) and love them all!!!
2	Wow...overrated much? I eat out practically every meal, and on this occasion, I was having out with some co-workers to snag an early lunch (around noon). We were seated right away, but it took the server a good 10-15 minutes to bring us water, or ask us if we are ready to order food. This was pre-lunch rush, so I don't understand what took them so long. Especially because they seemed well-staffed...actually a tad over-staffed??? Many employees were hanging out doing nothing, and it was a bit aggravating to wait for someone to really notice your group.I ordered an appetizer (which was decent, but small portions) and the Pink Taco Platter (chicken, beans, picked onions, avocado). Honestly, the food was terrible. Chicken was sorta cold, the beans were mushy, the picked onions didn't do much and the taco shell was oily as hell. My colleague was a bit underwhelmed with the service delay, and how we were practically full before our main order was even taken (Due to the abundance of complimentary tortilla chips being served by our non-waiter).On the drive back, all of us mutually agreed that this was a very underwhelming dining experience. I wouldn't mind going back to this place for the drinks, but when you have a place called Pink Taco that serves shitty tacos...its game over!
3	Both of the times I ate this food, I asked for it to-go so I could take it back to my room and devour it in private.The corn tamales were not very good. The quesadillas were good.This place just gives me a huge headache being inside of, but that's how I feel about most of Las Vegas, so I can't give it too much guff.
4	My husband and I visited this place during our recent trip to Vegas. This was by far our favorite restaurant during our trip. I ordered the chicken quesadilla with a Pina Colada margarita and thoroughly enjoyed both.  My husband ordered the chicken nachos and he enjoyed those as well.The service was great as well. We will definitely visit this place again on our next visit to Vegas!
2	This place SUCKED...the service was terrible, only went because my niece raved about the place. We got there and waited almost 20 mins. before we saw our waitress, the food was pricey for what seemed to be everyday Mexican food. But the service was just terrible...I was not impressed at all.
1	I don't see what the deal is with this place. The salsa is horrible...no spice, no flavor...just mush.The shrimp tacos are bland and flavorless.House margarita tasted like water. The one star goes to our server who was really nice.
1	BUG in my food!  WTF!!  I was here with a friend November 2011.  We were staying at HardRock anyway - so we stopped in here for dinner.  Our food came and we started eating- I WAS EATING when I noticed a weird spot on my rice - then I looked closer and it was some kind of BUG!  It was super small (still a BUG) and had tiny wings.  It was like pale greyish brown.  I was shocked!!  It was freaky, I couldn't figure out what it was!    Inside the panic and adrenaline was running!I frantically looked around - cant everyone is this restaurant see this?!  It took a few LONG minutes to flag the waitress down - then I showed her.  She looked at me, looked at the food and said very loudly "SHUT-UP" (not rudely - but in an OMG - you have got to be kidding me)  she snatched up the plate and went toward the kitchen.  Im watching her like.. now what?  Finally I got up and went to go find her - where she was still lingering by the kitchen window - and i swear they were all smiling and getting a good chuckle out of this.  I told her we were leaving.  I double checked to make sure it was ok that we didn't have to pay for our meals or drinks - and she shrugged her shoulders and said it was fine.  When there is a living bug on your food - there are hundreds in the kitchen!  ADIOS Pink Taco.
1	Bland food and warm beer.
2	Wow. Stopped in before a concert and ordered a appetizer platter and a couple of margaritas. I am not exaggerating when I say the apps hit the table in 2 minutes and they were luke warm. The drinks came 6 or 7 minutes later. We drank, we left, we won't be back.
2	They say 3rd time is the charm, but unfortunately not for Pink Taco. Everytime I've come here the service is slow. I've been seated at tables inside & outside, as well as the bar. The service was the same everywhere. However last night took the cake! Came in about 830pm & sat at the bar. Immediately greeted by one of the bartenders. That was the last interaction w/ that bartender. Mind you we were 2 of 5 people on his side of the bar. We had to ask the bartender on the other side for another round. The guy next to us got up to pay at the front because the original bartender never bothered to check back in w/ him for payment. A request of lemon wedges were made on every round of drink, however on the 3rd round the 2nd bartender said 'sure I'll be right back' & never brought any. Instead the bartender brought a lemonade, but didn't give it to us it stood on the wet bar in front of us. When I asked what it was, the bartender replied 'I thought you ordered this'. I placed my card in the glass so I could pay. It stood in the glass for about 15 minutes. The original bartender never even bothered to look over. He was too busy cleaning up to handle the last 2 customers on his side. I had to get up & take the check to the front to pay. HORRIBLE SERVICE! The only reason I'm giving them 2 stars is because they do have a good happy hour 4-7pm. The food however is nothing special. I'd recommend going someplace else. If you do eat here expect slow service, ok food, & to probably have to talk to a manager about it all.
5	Stopped here for dinner twice on our 3 night stay at The Hard Rock.  I got the pink taco plate both times, that is how much I liked it the first time.  Perfect, delicious little tacos.  The rice and beans were also very good.  Most times they just taste like canned beans, and old dry, or overcooked rice.  Both of these were perfect.
5	MY FAVORITE!!!! The carnitas tacos are unreal! So tasty! The salsa is unreal. Guacamole is one of the best Ive ever had. And dont get me started on how delicious the pitchers of margaritas are. Amazing. I visit once a month to get my fix!
4	Was the first time at Pink Taco and enjoyed it. No Prickley Pair, but the strawberry margarita was good. Tacos rocked.
1	We have been going there for years, I don't know what has happened. The salsa is boring, the Sabana chicken isn't as good, and they used to have the best flan in town. They got rid of it and replaced it with some nasty pineapple flan. Even the soda is so watered down its gross.
4	Bacon wrapped jalapeno peppers are great, good tequila great service, highly recommend.
1	Came here during our visit Super Bowl weekend. Although the food wasn't terrible- we came for happy hour and there were girls coming around our table and giving away free apps and got to try their margarita, so that was nice. Can't beat free tasty food right? Well the nice experience was soon forgotten the second my boyfriend pointed out a huuuge cockroach!! It was literally the size of a small rat, and I was squirming out of disgust and freaking out as I watched it crawl around and under bar tables thinking SOMEONE would notice a huge cockroach running around. No one noticed! I had to get the hell out of there before I started puking all over the place. I will never Ever return!!! Iccckk!!
5	I am a big fan of Mexican food and I love this place. The food and drinks are awesome! I normally get the carne asada tacos if we sit at the bar. If we sit at the table then I will usually get the Pink Tacos. I recently tried the lobster tacos and they were great as well. I freakin love this restaurant and the chips are so good. This is a hip little bar-restaurant for the young crowd. My only complaint is that they are not open 24 hours! This is the perfect place to eat after the club!
3	I don't have many complaints about this place but a-ok is the feeling I left with. Myself and 4 friends arrived on Friday night for dinner and only waited about 10 minutes. The atmosphere is really loud and lively. Our waitress was quite friendly but it seemed like she was super busy so we weren't always attended to. The Rock Hard margarita was reallllllly sweet, a little too sweet for me but probably good if you're into that. It even came with a garnish of rock candy. My friends and I ordered the pitcher and it definitely could have been stronger. The chips and salsa were good. I ordered the Pink Tacos and although this place is pricy, I left full. It came with 3 tacos, rice and beans. The chicken had a nice flavor to it but the tortillas were a little soggy. One of my friends swears by the shrimp tacos here and another ordered the steak and shrimp fajitas which were tasty and flavorful but did not come out sizzling as fajitas should. Overall I'm not sure I would make this a regular stop on my Vegas trips because of the prices but I'm glad I tried it.
5	You MUST have the bacon-wrapped Jalapenos!!!!! MUST! MUST! MUST! Best service I've had in a very long time! Wish I could remember his name but it was a guy with longer black(curly-ish?) hair, serving the patio. They were unpacking a bunch of new patio chairs which makes sense(a few seconds after I had sat down, the chair I was sitting in, rocked back and I thought I was going to eat sh*t.) The service, the food, amazing! Had the Cabo Tuna Tacos as my main course.
2	I am going to have to just give the pace an ok. I would give it a 2.5 if I could.  Not to bad but not great either. The best part is that I had a restaurant.com certificate so that was 25 off by bill. Service was so so. Started off ok but then the waiter disappeared on us. Took forever for him to refill my drink. I ordered a beef enchilada beef taco and a chicken taco. All were average at best, not much flavor to them. I a, not a spicy food fan but even I had to throw some hot salsa on them. Side orders or rice and beens came out room temperature. All this for about 19 bucks.All in all don't waist your time unless you get a restaurant.com certificate. Otherwise it's not a good value
4	I do love this place. It is a bit of a tourist trap, but I like coming here, the food is good, the beers are cold and they chips and salsa don't stop coming. It has a great atmosphere and the staff are always happy.
2	This place was my favorite for many years. There have been changes recently for the worse. They no longer offer the appetizer sampler which was always a favorite among my friends, family & clients.  The homemade chips have been replaced with stale hard chips and 3 different salsa sides have been reduced to just one.  Some of the decor has changed. They have removed some of the overhead lighting with corny track lighting along the wall. The prices have also increased yet portions are much smaller. Margarita glasses are now served in a water glass rather than usual margarita glass.  I'm hoping things will return to how they used to be...Stat!
4	This is one of my favorite places in Vegas and a place I try to visit whenever I'm in town.  The food was awesome (as it always is) but the normally excellent service was lacking this time.  It was very clear that our server, Jessica, had better places to be than be at work doing her job.  She was rude and I will make sure that she never serves me again.
2	This place is just okay. It's not horrible, but it's not that great either.Located inside the Hard Rock, we came here for mid-week lunch during a recent visit. It wasn't very crowded, so we were able to get seated right away.The chips and salsa were good. They were warm and not too greasy. I enjoyed their salsa. It was a pico with a medium spice. Suitable for any tolerance level.For my main course I went with the lobster tacos. I think this should just be called lobster with some tortillas. I was expecting actual tacos, but instead I got a lobster tail with beans and rice. The tail itself was a pretty good portion, but there was little flavor to anything else. I did like the fluffiness of their house made tortillas, but again, not worth the $18 price tag and I was still hungry afterwards.Everyone seemed to enjoy their enchilada dishes, maybe I should have gone that route. But even from looking at them, I don't think they were worth the $12-$15 price tags.Service was good. We had someone filling up our drinks and checking in on us constantly. Unfortunately, there are a lot of other restaurants in the area that I think are better and worth the money, so I probably wont be back.
2	So damn bland. The chips were nothing spectacular although i'll admit to the speed at which they were served. The atmosphere was loud and very fitting for the hard rock hotel but everything left me with buyers remorse. Drinks were $12 and for that price - yes, i expect mediocrity. The margaritas were weak. Weaker than weak. What a bummer - because you need to get a buzz going to at least tolerate the tacos which were too soggy to stomach (if they were able to make it into the mouth before falling apart into a pathetic pile of questionable ingredients). Flavors were unspectacular and as my father said "like an expensive version of Chilis." Save yourselves the frustration of a costly letdown.
3	Decent food at Hard Rock Hotel. Margaritas are yummy. Tacos are good and portions are good though prices are high for Tex-Mex.
4	The margaritas here are good and strong.  I enjoyed it with the complimentary chips and salsa.  The tacos were okay.  They seemed to be lacking some flavor to it.  I did enjoy the guacamole though.  I love avocados and veggies!  I totally walked out of there stuffed to the max.  I even took my drink to go in a cool Pink Taco cup.  Thank goodness we're allowed to do that in Vegas.
1	A group of six of us went to Pink Taco last night.  I was very disappointed in the quality of the food for for the price.  First we all had drinks.  I chose a standard blended margarita at a ridiculous 13 bucks.  It was like a ten oz slushy with not much alcohol served in a standard bar glass.  For a 13 dollar margarita, I guess I was expecting something bigger, maybe presented in a cool way.  I ordered grilled fish tacos and they were fishy tasting and mushy.  Not even tasty, another disappointment.  My Bf ordered chile verde.  They brought him a cereal bowl sized portion of it which was cold to the touch.  It was obviously something meant to be microwaved, because it definitely was not freshly prepared.  The waiter apologized and disappeared and brought the same bowl back ten minutes later.  It had obviously been warmed again in the microwave because now it was too hot to touch.    The chips and salsa were the best thing about the meal, as they were frequently replenished.    Our meal was nearly 200 bucks for the 6 of of......NOT WORTH IT!
3	There is nothing really special about this place. It's a typical tex-mex joint that is way overpriced because it's in a hotel. I ordered the carnitas which were $14, but they were seasoned very well. The rice and beans were typical and wouldn't say their stellar, but then again they're staples of any tex-mex style joint. I asked for more tortillas for my meal as I was only given 2. I found out later that they charge for extra tortillas. When I'm already paying $14 I should be given extra tortillas or if you're going to charge me then at least give me more than 2.The server was nice until near the end. She was upset that we asked for separate checks. We had a group of 8 of us and of course we wanted separate checks. They even had an auto-gratuity on there and she couldn't do that for us? She was really annoyed but did it anyways.Overall, the food was pretty good but overpriced and the service at the end sucked and we had to hunt her down to even get refills on water when it was hot as hell in there.
2	This used to be one of my favorite mexican restaurants in Vegas. And I'm not coming back for a long time. My last experience was baaad. Not only the food was less than good, the service was horrible.The guacamole tasted ok, the ceviche was fishy and too sour. We ordered 2 margaritas and a mojito. One of the margaritas wasn't good so my friend returned it.The waitress was slow and never around. We asked her for more chips and she just literally dropped the new basket into the old empty one, also, nobody was clearing the table from dirty plates, when the food runner came to drop our entrees he left me holding the dirty plates! He looked at me holding them with no more room on the table to put them down and just walked away! At the end of our dinner we asked to talk to a manager, so this woman (manager) comes to our table not being very nice, we told her about everything that happened and she just said, "ok I'll talk to my staff, thank you". Well now you see why I'm probably never coming back. Management sucks! And food is not the same anymore, very disappointed.
1	What a huge disappointment.  I am local and work in the vicinity of the Hard Rock.  The Pink Taco is generally pricey so I usually save lunch there for a special occasion and was willing to pay extra because of the quality of the food.  What have they done to this place?  First, they changed the menu and my favorite meal was not on the menu.  SO ok. . . I will try something else. . . The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.  The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.  The meat seemed frozen and old.  The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.  The taquitos were burned, served with a lump of so so guacamole.  I tried mixing the guacamole with the tasteless chipolte ranch sause to try to get something that tasted good and had a good texture.  This didn't work.  The margarita which was $12 tasted like a cheap glass of lemonade. . .Come on people. . .at least get the margurita right!  The manager did comp the chicken wings. . .We noticed that the people sitting next to us were less than thrilled with their meal as well. . .Whoever is in charge of this place now should be ashamed for taking a place where you could count on good atmosphere and good food into a gastronomic nightmare.  It will be a long long time before I go there again, if ever!
2	Not terrible, but I probably won't be back. Food was so so. Drinks were inconsistent. Every margarita I had tasted different and none of them were quite right.
3	We stayed at the HRH and came down for a late dinner on Saturday 8/10.  The place was pretty empty at 10:30pm.  No real vibe.  Server was very pleasant and engaging.  Drinks were brought out right away.  Chips and salsa followed.  The Salsa was very good.  I ended up pouring that on my tacos.  I opted for the Taco al Carbon (steak).  The plate came out with 3 small tacos, beans, and rice.  The flavor was pretty straight forward.  Nothing spectacular at all.  I have had better taco from the "taco lady" that we have had come to our parties to cater.  The other people in our group opted for the steak enchilada and fish tacos.  No one really raved about the food at all.  So not sure what the hype is all about.  Would probably not bother to try it again.
4	Came for happy hour. $5 drinks & selected food from 3-7 on a Friday.. I ordered the chicken flautas which were very flavorful. The margarita wasn't all that. It had a weird taste that I really didn't enjoy. But I do recommend the flautas or the pork sliders
4	We look forward to Pink Taco happy hour every time we are in Vegas.  Amazing guac, fish tacos and corn fritters... Did I mention the margaritas? Gangster Latino artwork ambiance at it's very best and always a great DJ!  The patio has a poolside view and the service is always on point. Reasonably priced, too.
5	YUM! The fish tacos are so good! I ate here every day that I stayed at the Hard Rock. Then I moved to Planet Hollywood and missed it bigtime. They have a great beer selection and good cocktails too. The bartenders are friendly and helpful. The only thing I didn't like was that they close way too early for a place inside a casino in Vegas. I think they lock the doors at 11:00p, which is when most people are just starting to go out for a night of gambling and boozing. Food mixes well with both of those, so I wish they were open late like most other casino restaurants. There is another place in The Hard Rock that stays open 24 hours, but it's not nearly as good as the Pink Taco.
1	The food WAS great - But suddenly they decided to update the menu.  Happy hour went from Best in Vegas to AWFUL food and BAD drink specials. What the HECK happened?  The turkey chopped salad was amazing, NOW the turkey is completely different and the entire menu has been tweaked.  Dinner was bad and I went to Happy Hour and it was WORSE.  Bartender told me that I could complain to the manager, but Hard Rock really follows up on emails and YELP.  THe entire hotel is dying a slow death - no need to take the restaurant with you!
4	The pink taco is a good place to eat at... No complaints
2	I'm giving this even two stars because of the friendly wait staff, the fun environment, and a few items I did really like.  I ate here twice while working on a production at The Joint in the Hard Rock.  The items I do actually like a lot: the salsa, the ceviche, the guacamole, and the fruit salad.  Those are all worth snacking on if you're there for a few drinks and light food.  The tuna tacos are okay but a little bland, and the fish tacospretty flavorless too.  Mostly the rest of the food is bland.  When I say "bland", I don't mean salt-free; I mean just cardboard-flavor-like.  The refried beans taste canned, and the rice is just run-of-the-mill "blah".  None of the entrees really tasted that great, and other than a fun atmosphere and snacking, I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there again for the prices they're charging vs. the quality. Honestly, I'd rather eat at Mr. Lucky's inside the Hard Rock any time over Pink Taco.
5	The appy nachos are huge and amazing. Half chicken half steak :) Love them because the chips are delicious, beans, sauce, sour cream, guacamole, meat, cheese.... so yummy!!!  The atmosphere is great - but quite noisy.  I wish the happy hour drink specials wouldn't just be in the "bar" side... considering it is the center of the whole restaurant.  Would be nice to eat at the table with guests but still get the same price for the drinks :) AND they need a little better air conditioning.. aside from that - I would go back all the time for those nachos.  Cannot wait to try the fajitas or a burrito.
3	Good tacos but overpriced for what you get, chips n salsa are mediocre.
4	this is a five star rating as you'll read by my review... but I'm afraid of the dreaded yelp bot hiding my review.So, first off, listing the address as Paradise road really doesn't do THIS taco joint justice.   It's located smake dab in the middle of The Hard Rock Hotel's Rehab Pool!!!    Are you kidding me?    You could go over to Chipotle on the strip and enjoy a taste of mexico amidst car fumes.... OR, sit like I am, looking out at a year around bikini season.   I don't even care if the food is good at all.   Oh and by the way, there isn't a friendlier staff in the business.   thanks folks.
3	We had a pre-concert dinner at Pink Taco and liked it.  First, I love the decor.  Its funky and fun and I love all the lit stars everywhere... I was coveting that look before I even saw it there!  The only negative is that it is EXTREMELY loud in there.Our service was good.  For some reason, my husband did not think our service was very good, but I thought our server was attentive even though she had a lot of tables kind of spread all over.We ordered the corn fritters and they were tasty.  Loved the sauce they came with.  For my meal I went with the app nachos.  I was going to get the Diablo nachos, but our server warned that they were insanely spicy, so I just went with the regular.  They were good, but the chicken on them was a little salty for me.  Still very enjoyable with both sour cream and guacamole and a cheese sauce and melted cheese.  Good stuff.The husband ordered the signature Pink Tacos and he said he really liked them.  They came with Chicken and were served with Rice and Beans.  He must have liked it all because it was all gone!The prices are reasonable for Vegas standards and we had a Restaurant.com certificate, so it was quite affordable.Overall, a good experience and a restaurant I would return to.
4	We find ourselves here with every Vegas visit but this trip we were a little turned off by the pricing. The $12 -16 drinks & $12-20 entrees are starting to add up.  It's still Mexican food albeit kicked up a notch. Lobster tacos were skimpy, fish tacos grilled were a favorite and the quality of the Margaritas don't disappoint.  Ahi tacos were a nice surprise with 4 on the plate. Just a little bummed that prices are inevitably climbing.
5	Three words, Fried Ice Cream!
2	This review is mobile posted, so I will keep it short.Good service. Good chips and salsa.Hot habanero salsa!!Tuna tacos had ridiculously stale tacos. Like, yesterday stale tacos. Totally killed my evening.Mediocre, at best. Would not recommend.
3	over-rated... overpriced. food was just ok.
4	I came here because I was craving Mexican food and the name is hilarious!  I ordered the Pink Tacos and the shells are actually dyed pink .  The food wasn't super authentic, but I didn't really expect that considering it was in a hotel/casino and it was called Pink Taco.  The service was great and friendly.If you come here with a group, I would suggest ordering the buckets of beer at $19-$25 for 5 beers.  This is cheap for Vegas drink prices.
1	Waited over 30 minutes for our food after ordering then had to leave for the concert without leaving. The staff didn't seem to care that we had to leave without eating.
4	You can always count on the HRH to rock some great drink specials and Pink Taco's HH keeps that trend alive. There are a number of beers, margaritas, sangria, shots and other decent (Jack) well drinks available for $5 and a few foodstuffs for $5-9. Running from 3-7pm M-F, there's sufficient time to get tequila crazy in this joint. Even with the cold(er) weather outside and the large doors that lead to the pool closed, the vibe is still fun and will lead to an extended session of getting sauced. From the menu, I tasted the honey-chipotle wings (a nice sweet glaze with smokey ranch. Make sure you tell them to cook the wings to a crispy well done), the Diablo nachos (not as spicy as you would expect, but still good) and some guacamole (solid). Sure, you can't really go wrong with these orders, but they were perfect for the occasion.  All in all, my party of three stayed for 2+ hours and left full (and dirty drunk) for $150 including tax and tip. Not a bad outing.
2	Pink taco used to be one of my favorite restaurants to come to , when I came this last week for lunch I was disappointed because our server only gave us one (red salsa )when usually they bring you three different kinds, the green avocado was the best ! He told us they don't make them anymore .  Um okay ,Bummer . That was one of the main reasons I loved this place . Service was okay , and I wasn't impressed by the food . The portions were small for the price and the quality of our meals were just subpar .
3	I didn't eat anything here other than some chips and salsa so I am not sure how the food is but I can tell you all about the drinks!  They have lots of different margaritas and they are only ok.  The taste was average but they price was very high, I mean I know its Vegas and all but come on!  The beer menu was fairly good, they have all the crappy normal beers but also some good local-ish beers.  Being from San Diego we are picky about beer and like to see things other than the usual so we were happy that we got to try a few new things.  The salsa was also just ok.  Service was also just average.  I did like the decor and atmosphere of the bar.
1	We visited Vegas over the holiday weekend and stayed at The HRH and ate at the Pink Taco.  We will never go back.  We were overcharged initially and the server helping us said he credited our card for the overage.  Well we received an alert that they charged us another $10+ the next day and apparently that was a mistake too.  We marched downstairs to talk to the manager and the manager was going to be in later that day.  We gave them our phone number and he did call us back apologized for the multiple mistakes and said he corrected the mistakes and that it would be a couple of days but the credits will show up.  Well we are approaching 6 days and no credit has shown up yet.  We are waiting for the manager to call us back.  We will never be going back nor will we ever stay at this hotel again.  This is ridiculous and a great example of some of the poorest customer service we have ever witnessed.  If you eat there I suggest you pay cash.
5	Oh yes i LOVE this place!! It's been about five years since I stepped foot in this spot but we are gambling at Hard Rock and we've earned a comp and we are HONGRAY! Friend has never been to Pink Taco so OBVI we HAVE to go here! Chicken Tostada Salad is on my mind! We order. Of course I get the salad and I believe he ordered the PINK TACOS and we also got some chips and salsa and guacamole! The guacamole and the salsa were SO ON POINT!! I LOOOOVED the salsa! I could have drank it! Of course my tostada salad was just as amazing as I remember it from years ago and his pink tacos were AIIGHT. Friend did enjoy the place though and agreed that it was DELICIOUS! Especially the tostada salad!! NOM FREAKIN' NOM!!
4	I come here every time I go to Vegas. Good food and drinks! They always seem to change the chips and salsa though.
1	I'd just like to start off by saying I came to Vegas celebrating my birthday with a large group of family this past weekend. We had heard great things about this restaurant and since we were staying at the Hard Rock hotel, we figured, why not? Arriving to the hotel from a long drive, my group and I were beyond hungry. As expected at a restaurant on a Friday night, we did expect a wait to get seated and for the food to take some time. First off, we had waited about forty-five minutes to more than an hour to receive our food. But before receiving any plates on the table, we had asked our waitress how much longer we had before our food came out. No reply or acknowledgment. The waitress ignored at least three of my cousins who asked and walked away. We kept waiting with our growling tummies until another cousin of mine walked in to ask another waitress. That same waitress spoke to her manager and from reading the manager's lips, he said "fuck it." Whatever that meant, it confused some of us. Soon after, another waitress who apparently was a manager herself barged in to our sitting area to check out what the issue was. We told her and responded with, "Smile, youre in Vegas.... bitch." Regardless whether you're in Vegas, New York City or Los Angeles, there is no need to wait over an hour for mediocre food. Or to even receive that type of attitude/service. Mind you, when the food was finally sent out, it tasted as if they warmed it up in the microwave. End of story, horrible service, mediocre food, poor management. Pink taco needs to step it up, "you're in Vegas!"
2	This was my first time here and I wasn't sure what to expect. The chips they give you are pretty addicting. I'm not sure if it's because I was hungry but it was pretty delicious. I decided to get the shrimp tacos. The plate was pretty big. The tacos? They were okay, not amazing. I don't think id bother with them again. It was also pretty hard to eat. The shrimp kept coming out of the taco. I didn't even finish it because I got tired of everything falling out. I also got the white wine sangria. It was pretty great. It didn't take long to finish it. Service: the staff was nice but there was an issue with the bill. We had a big group and just put our card number on the back but for some reason it didn't add up. The waitress just let us pay separately and we all put the right amount on the previous bill, so I have no clue where the extra money came from.I think I'd rather go to a cheaper better Mexican restaurant next time I want a taco.
4	Came here for happy hour while waiting for our room to be cleaned/ready at the Hard Rock! We got there at around 3:30 on Friday. Wasn't too busy. Found a spot at the end of the bar. Boyfriend and I both got margaritas. They were good, pretty strong. To eat, he got the ahi tuna tostadas and I got the sopes. I know happy hour plates are supposed to be small, but geez. His tostadas were literally 3 chips with a couple pieces of tuna on top. Super small! My sopes were GOOD. Like soo good. But again, so so tiny. I could probably fit two in the palm of my hand, and the plate only comes with 3 -.- Anyways, the food was good. Just wish there was a littttle more. Luckily they give you chips and salsa, which were bangin. Probably the best chips and salsa I've ever had. I'm always weary to try salsas because I'm a huge baby with anything spicy but this was delicious and smoky and perfect. Very well done, Pink Taco.
5	This place was a total surprise. We were staying at the Hard Rock Hotel and starving when we arrived, so we decided to try it out. My margarita was great. The shrimp tacos had a great flavor and the portions were great especially for the price. I would highly recommend this place.
2	Ok this is not impressive, while the food is ok the service is horrible, this is Sunday night and the restaurant is busy, took 25 min just to get seated.Looking around there is not enough service staff, couple of waitresses actually hustling and trying but a few others just strolling around with any sense of urgency.As the food got to the table you are just over the whole thing, now again the food is not bad but over priced which is ok certainly that's not the first place but with expensive food comes great service to me and that is just not the case.Not worth going here.
2	What kind of shitty food is this?Steak fajitas - chewy tough pieces of steak weren't what I wanted for dinner but that was what I was served. Bummer. As I'm not a fan of tortillas, I only tasted it and thought it was as bland and tasteless as can be. Ceviche - dry, overly acidic, bland. Tasted like old fish. Cutting back on the lime juice on this item would do it some good. Baja fish tacos - once again, way to go Pink Tacos. You're awesome at serving smelly dry tasting fish. The only good item throughout the whole night was the guacamole. Don't waste your money eating here.
4	Came here for a work dinner. Not a place for work but for sure a place for coming to drink and snack. The atmosphere is very cool and alternative. I love the sugar skulls every where! The food was nothing special but still a fun place if your looking for some place just to kick it with friends and order a bucket of beers.
3	Great food. The enchiladas were amazing. Fajitas were decent.. nachos were different but very good. Not so good service took about 15 minutes for our server to even ask us for our drinks. He didn't even come back for refills. I will go back but hoping for a different server.
4	The servers are hot, the beer is cold and the salsa is really good. I like the atmosphere. I had the Vegas quesadillas they were excellent.
5	Was here for Halloween 2012. My girlfriend and I loved this place. The food was more expensive than it would be if it weren't in a hotel in Vegas. But I expected that when I came in here. Its Vegas after all. Anyways. It was midday and we were here for "breakfast" It wasn't crowded. Got seated almost immediately. It is VERY pink in there. Pink tinted lights and what not. Had the Queso Fundido. My mouth still waters thinking about this stuff. Its like a super creamy cheesy bean dip. I had the burrito and it was good. I liked it. I do not remember what my girlfriend had. I think it was the Nachos. I am pretty sure that it is the Nachos. They were good I seem to remember. Chips and salsa were good as well. Overall we were very pleased with our experience here. Oh and the selection of Tequila was very good. I didn't have a drink here, but I saw that they did have a good selection.  Every time we talk about Vegas, we talk about the Pink Taco and how we cant wait to go back the next time we are there.
4	Always a favorite of mine! This is my go to place for delicious Mexican food. Yes there are other Mexican restaurants that aren't chain restaurants in Las Vegas but this one is good! I thoroughly enjoy the turkey salad
4	Great food and fun atmosphere.  Nothing bad to say here!  This is a must do for every trip to Vegas.  Very reasonable pricing.
4	Pink Taco features fresh Mexican flavors with California influences. The Dia de Los muertos-inspired and kitschy decor makes for a fun and convivial atmosphere. Glowing tequila bottles, hand-painted skull murals, Mexican folk art, vintage low-rider bikes and hanging star lamps are just a few of the eclectic design accents at Pink Taco. There's a nice selection of margaritas, mojitos and speciality cocktails, which you can order by the glass or pitcher. We ordered the namesake pink tacos, shrimp tacos, fried ice cream dessert and some mint mojitos. The standouts were the fried ice cream and the pink tacos. One of our servers claimed the fried ice cream was one of the best fried ice creams out there. She was right--it definitely something memorable. A large scoop of vanilla ice cream cloaked with crushed Frosted Flakes and then deep fried to a golden brown finish. It is then drizzled with caramel and chocolate sauces and laid in a fried tortilla shell. The pink tacos are a fun selection. These pink-hued handmade tortillas are stuffed with grilled chicken, pickled pink onions, black beans, salsa and fresh avocado slices. The perfect Rehab diet food. I wasn't too keen on the side of rice. I love fresh and fluffy Spanish rice and there's tasted like something straight from a box. All and all, a solid plate. In the warmer months you can relax on their outdoor patio, which looks out onto the famous Hard Rock pool. Pink Taco is a fun Vegas hotspot. Come for the creative drinks, funky decor and plenty of eye candy.
1	Food was ok, still waiting on the quesadilla we ordered about 30 minutes ago. Not planning on coming back. The hotel employees are rude, too.
1	Maybe it's the Californian in me buuuut.....Not my place for Mexican Food and way understandable, its a restaurant inside of the Casino.  Meet up w/ some friends for Happy Hour...all I can say is that I'm picking out next happy hour spotCarne Asada Fries: smh, no honey, sorry these are NOT carne asada fries.  Potato Wedges w/ bland seasoned carne asada, w/ pico de gallo drizzled sour cream.  Sounds good right???? it was OK, carne asada fries shoild never and I mean NEVER be made w/ potato wedges - Knock it offSangria: to me, very water downChip & Salas: subpar salsa, and stale chipsSuper OVERpriced for mediocre food, and that's me being nice about it.  But who goes to Pink Taco for the food??? You go for the atmosphereThis is only my opinion, go try it out for yourself and form your own opinion of Pink Taco
3	I'm giving 3 stars. The food HAS always been good.... I sort of love their crunchy shrimp tacos.  To be honest though.... Street tacos at that price point can really only be justified by the hot and starving REHAB pool party goers who end up there by default. I've been here several times.... Each time walking away with a generous amount of guilt about the amount of money I spend on such mediocre plates!
2	Place was empty on Friday afternoon at 2pm. I had the Burrito with carnitas. Lots of pork, but it was dry. Chipotle burritos are better. Wife had pink tacos and they were good, but she had to vut them up, impossible to pick  up with all the stuff in it. Service was mediocre. I downed my soda pretty quickly and was never offered a refill until we were leaving...my fault for being a camel, but we were sitting outside in the desert.
4	Perfect hangover meal. We couldn't make it very far and decided on pink taco. It was very tasty. I enjoyed the burrito and guacamole, and the Bloody Mary was good even though I only took two sips. Nice atmosphere and staff was very attentive.
4	I can never quite pinpoint how I feel about this place. But, ultimately, I find it tasty. The salsas are yummy. The salads are a great lunch item. And their chicken enchiladas are a big fav of mine. Everything has a nice spice to it. It's a tad overpriced for what you get. But, hey, it's inside the Hard Rock - by definition, everything there is overpriced. The staff are usually friendly and attentive. The bar area is nice for solo dining. There's video poker at the bar. It's kinda cool to be able to watch them make tortillas. It's rarely too crowded. And the menu has lots of options. So, all in all, this is a pretty good spot for faux Mexican fare.
1	Giving one star base on the horribly rude service provided to us by Andrea. My two friends came down for our penthouse for a midday snack and could hardly find any place serving food. This was an easy option and it had plenty of patrons as we walked to the bar. Andrea barely greeted us with words or eye contact as she threw menus our way. Poisoned us with gluten filled food when she told us it was gluten free... And over charged us on alcohol.
4	I must say I had a really good meal here at Pink Taco. The decor was kinda wild and all over the place, but I understood what they were trying to do. Without it, it would just be a boring looking Acapulco. I ordered the skirt steak with rice and beans. The meat was really good and cooked to perfect. The typical fixings were pretty good too but nothing out of the ordinary.
5	Pink taco. Cannot say enough good things about this restaurant. Friendly staff, great Mexican style food, cool decor and atmosphere. Pink taco is a laid back restaurant (no dress code) showing sports on the flat screens all over. I was here at March madness and was quite loud but didn't bother me and was still able to have a conversation. I ordered the chicken burrito and it was delicious and arrived to me in a timely manner. I would come back for sure.
4	I've eaten here multiple times over the years and have never had a bad experience.  This go around I got carne asada plate and it was good.Not stand out Mexican food but it does the job when in Vegas.
1	The hostess was anything but nice. Wouldn't even acknowledge us while she counted money and receipts. There was a table open right in front of the door and she made us wait 15 minutes while she finished. The server was the best part she understood we were hungry and brought us food and drinks as fast as she could.  It's not her fault the music was loud and horrible, and that our food was greasy and gross. Left her a good tip even though our ears were ringing and our stomachs hurt when we left.
4	Great food and great service. No draft beer, though. Seems odd. A large selection of tacos.
4	SUNDAY BRUNCH - all you can eat for $25 I really enjoyed:Bread basketBlue corn pancakes!!!  Oysters Brisket wrap (if you like fat, which I do)Deviled eggs I didn't care for:The shrimp ceviche - not enough lime, should have been served with chips Lobster quesadilla - too soggy with all the sauce on top, I want a crunch to my tortilla Clams - strange after tasteThere is plenty on the menu. It's nice to sit outside and enjoy the sun.  Looking forward to trying other items on the menu.
4	I loved Pink Taco, and I can't wait to go back there soon!So Hard Rock Casino recently went gluten free friendly, and almost all of their restaurants offer clearly listed gluten free options. We stayed there recently (family was in town), and I was able to eat plenty of food at each of their restaurants.Pink Taco's service is great, and I love their outdoor patio seating at the pool. Yes, it's loud because Rehab is a noisy mess of fun, but that's to be expected at one of the best pools in Las Vegas. Even though I could have eaten everything on their menu, I decided to try their carnitas platter with corn tortillas. Now, carnitas can easily become greasy and overcooked, but the platter at Pink Taco was superb. The portion size was perfect, but I probably could have eaten another half portion because it was so good. Everyone at my table who ordered the carnitas (4 out of 6 people)ate every little last morsel of their carnitas platter and continually said, "That was the best carnitas I've ever eaten before in my life." I agree with them in every way.What's even better is that they have a huge gluten free friendly menu complete with lobster tacos. ahi tuna and shrimp tacos, salad, nachos and queso fundido. There is nothing on that gluten free menu that I would not want to devour quickly, and we will surely be back to Pink Taco soon.
4	Food was good and price was reasonable.  Defiantly would go back and recommend to others.
1	Not good at all steak tacos burnt and even the kids did not like it ahi tuna is fishy
5	Super delicious! Had a wonderful server, cannot remember her name but she was attentive and helpful. Ordered the Chicken Fajitas and the Pink Tacos. Both were delicious and kept us full for hours after. Had we not ordered the (delicious) $14/each bloody marys our tab would have been very cheap and reasonable. Would highly recommend it, sans the super expensive non happy hour drinks.
3	This review is for their weekend brunch menu.The Skinny: although there is large variety of dishes (we tried alot of them), there were only 2 dishes I thought I would ever want again (2.5) service: prompt/friendly and helpful(4) value: love the brunch tapas concept and the service - if only the food was as good (3).We were intrigued by the new brunch being offered by Pink Taco so we decided to hit the joint with 2 pals in tow. For $24.99 you can order anything food item off their brunch menu and it comes to the table, tapas style. The whole table must get this because of the way they serve their brunch. The food is cooked a la minute which is great - no brunch items underneath heating lamps and warmed trays! Drinks are not included in this price. They do have all-you-can-drink specials of bottomless mimosa or "donkey punch" for $9.99.We were seated promptly and our waitress was helpful in suggesting which dishes to try. As we were waiting for the last of our party to come, they brought out a nice little bread basket with warm fry bread in it and a small bowl of fruit sprinkled with coconut.It is hard to give a full description of all the food we ordered because we tried at least 15 small plates amongst the four of us. To be honest, I would not order the majority of the things we tried again.The highlights:Cold dishesThe ceviche was rather bland and the seafood was texturally tough. The tequila salmon gravlax was cut very thickly (again bland) and served with tortilla chips which didn't really make sense to me.Hot dishesThe mushroom churros did not taste at all like mushrooms - if you approached it as a plan ol' churro, it tasted okay. The spiced maple pork belly was a little too fatty  but tasted alright. The lobster quesadilla was really skimpy on the lobster and was bland. Chicken and waffles were texturally soggy and not good at all. The blue corn pancakes were really ho-hum. Bacon jalapenos were okay. The chicken tortas were underseasoned. Sweet corn tamales were too firm for my tastes although it tasted fine. Angry dogs were not so angry - the bread was too firm and the chorizo was relatively boring. Signature pink taco was okay but nothing to  call home about. The carnitas hash was okay but nothing special.The best two dishes were the carne asadas and the plantain french toast. The carne asadas were nice and tender while the plantain/coconut hash really complimented the dish. The plantain french toast was really wonderful - loved the softness of the bread with the crispy surface.The ingredients/presentation of our dishes were good - if only the execution matched it. If I were to go again, I would probably save myself some money and stick to the carne asadas or the french toast. I definitely do not feel the need to do the $24.99 brunch menu special again. It's with a heavy heart I give this joint a 3-starred review.
4	Came for the new Sunday all you can eat brunch.  Food was great!!! You must try the bloody Mary's!! So good!! Service was pretty good. In short, I'd return anytime and would recommend to anyone else.
5	Pink Taco is amazing!! Chicken & Steak skewers are so flavorful!! Would recommend to anyone for great food, great music and rad company!
3	Good service and adequate Mexican fare. However, the food and drinks are ridiculously overpriced for the quality and portion size, even for a Strip location. We only ate there because we were at the casino and it looked like a good place. We do not plan to return.
3	Quick Look: First time returning to the Pink Taco in 5 years and much like the rest of the property, the Pink Taco might "hold up" but it is starting to look, feel and taste "tired." In Depth Review: As locals we used to go to the Pink Taco for a good meal, tasty drinks & high energy atmosphere that made it a great spot for people watching. Wife and I went to the HRH this past Friday, May 9th (2014) and walked into a casino that was as dead as I have ever seen in the city for a wknd night. Music was quiet, the circle bar empty, what happened to the energy and atmosphere of the Hard Rock? Made our way past the death metal fans there for an OTEP concert and got to the Pink Taco check-in at 9pm. Had to wait a few minutes to be acknowledged and brought to our upper level inside table. The restaurant was empty and maybe a dozen tables sat, I counted 4 people at the bar. Strange vibe. Not the typical atmosphere we remembered in this restaurant in the past. Chips and spicy salsa sauce was delivered to the table right away. The salsa dip was delicious. No water was delivered and the spicy salsa was a bit too much as we had to sit for 10 minutes before our waiter made it to our table to introduce himself. He did stop at the table next to us first that was sat 5-6 minutes after us. We ordered drinks and the Taquitos appetizer. They were a little too chewy and hard to cut in half. My wife enjoyed them though. For our entrees we ordered the chicken Enchilada and the Carnitas Platter. Timing was OK between the appetizer and the main entrees as we waited to order the entrees until after the appetizer was served. The chicken enchiladas were tasty, a little messy and fell apart, but certainly tasted good! The Carnitas sampler was all over the place, the beans, rice, tortilla and grilled tomatoes were just fine. The carnitas meat was a bit hard and dried out. Some pieces were chewy and tasted like they had been cooked earlier and sat under a heat light. Not sure what that was all about? Wife loved her Margarita. So that is important to note. The poor girl at the bar looked beyond bored. The entire experience was all overt the board. May have just been an "off" night and weekend. Staff looked bored and we saw a few of them eating dinner in the back of the restaurant behind us. Was a bit shocked at how quiet the entire property was. Hope this is a rare exception and not the new rule over there. Mothers Day Wknd may have played into the property being slower than usual, who knows? Will we go back? Sure, but we are not going to go out of our way to go there as there is too much competition in the Mexican food department in Vegas - and I feel the Pink Taco may have lost it's edge?!To sum it up - it was an OK visit at best.
4	Food is pretty good for mexican. Prices are a little high but if you go during happy hour its not bad. Service is usually pretty good. Angel is the best server by far.
4	Had the Ahi Tuna tacos, they were very good...their guac is good too.  I ordered a glass of wine at the bar which they just have one kind called Red, it was gross and $12 dollars...their drinks are overpriced, I'll just be ordering meals there for now on.
4	The food is okay but the service was on point.Michael was my server and asked for my name the first time he came to the table.  Every time he came back to the table he addressed me by my first name.  Great customer service!
1	The salsa is ketchup.And I asked for a chevela...I got a bottle beer, a cup with ice in it and a straw.First off who drinks beer through a straw? And who puts ice in the beer?They lost all credibility as a Mexican restaurant.
2	I was working at the Hard Rock Hotel for five days and ended up eating at almost every establishment there.The service at Pink Taco was terrible! I was placing an order for take out and the girl at the counter was so rude. She acted as though I was really bothering her and that I was stupid. This is completely unacceptable.The food at Pink Taco was alright. Not terrible, not that good either. I had the Baja Fish tacos. The plate included three street sized tacos, rice, and beans.The tacos tasted fine, but the fish inside was measly. Also, the texture on one was totally overcooked and tough.If you can, skip this place. There are better options at Hard Rock (e.g. Culinary Dropout, Nobu) and much much better options at other hotels.
4	I have always loved pink taco, a great choice for lunch, comforting and relaxing, we have been to this location before, I always crave chips and salsa after too much drinking the previous night! Friendly host seated us at a booth, lunch menu was so good, I was almost too hungry to decide what I wanted! The patron margarita was so tasty and strong, loved it with salt. I tried the lobster taco, grilled lobster tail with fruit salsa, rice and beans, the lobster was so tender and yummy, tasted even better with hot sauce! Hubby tried steak tacos, flavorful steak pieces, very delicious. The churros were as good as always. Both of us enjoyed our lunch food so much, Pink taco never disappoints! Our waitress was extremely attentive, kept our water full, took away our empty plates so fast, all the girls there were so cute and pleasant, I was happy just looking at them!
4	This is a good stop if your tired of the overprice, under delivering food typically found on the strip or other tourist traps.  I like their queso and the waitress gave good service.  I had the chicken quesadillas and I must say, coming from Texas, their tortillas were top notch.  They are the thin wide variety, but rather, the thick variety. (I actually like both equally.)
3	Tuna tacos come with a very refreshing mango salsa. The tuna is raw but if you're not scared of that, it's great.
3	Really?  $10 for a drink, $12 for tacos......and you want to charge my table 50 cents for some more salsa for my chips?  Good example of pissing off a long time cutomer because my table seemed to like one of the salsas a little better than another........very short sighted.....food was good as always, service so so as always
1	This place use to be my favorite haven't been in awhile but the changes to menu are awful right down to chips and salsa never again shrimp tacos especially were the best beer battered and cabbage was best texture and now they are mushy disgusting ewww never ever again
2	I came here looking to cure my hangover looking for some great tacos. Well I dropped by on a Sunday afternoon for brunch. They offered all you can eat for 24.99 or so so I went ahead and went with it. I tried a few things on there menu but all of it just didn't hit the spot. I am a huge Mexican Food snob especially coming from New Mexico but all of this food was just "Gringo" food there was no spice to anything and all of it was pretty bland.  Even if the food was bad the service should of made up for it but I was wrong. I sat at the bar area and was ignored the majority of the time. I kept having to get up and ask the hostess for things as well as to pay. I really wouldn't recommend coming to this place at all.
4	This place is MONEY! From the tacos to the home made tortilla chips and salsa this place is bad a$$. My wife and I went in on my birthday for lunch after cocktails and walking the strip. We could've ate chips and salsa all day. Had a great time.
3	I had wanted to eat here for the longest time!! We finally did it! first, let me just tell you I love the decor here! It is bright and full of mexican folk art. they even have a mini zonkey at the door to take pics with! The patio has awesome murals all over it. it also has an amazing view of the pool area because in case you don't know this restaurant is located in the hard rock hotel. the souvenirs here at pink taco are super cool, too. Unfortunately, the food and service are just mediocre. The chips were stale the beverages were not refilled. my husbands carnitas were just a small portion though flavorful. props on the homemade tortillas, however. My chile relleno was large and fresh, not canned chile pepper wrapped in breading. in conclusion folks come here for a tank or a magnet skip the so- so food.
2	And to think I was pretty excited to go here.So many dining choices and we drive off the strip to come here.At least it wasn't full at all, really thought there would be a wait, but we were there pretty early for dinner.Happy hour only at the bar which we could not sit at with a kid, so we were off to paying double as everyone else there as we were the only ones at a table, they could have really made an exception.Tried to talk my husband into ordering the 3 lb $25 burrito, he went with the $18 regular instead.I had the fish tacos ($14), my son the quesadilla ($11)The prices are INSANE for what you get!The $18 burrito smaller than any other that you can get for a third that price, grizzly meat, served with black beans and salad, not rice and refried as stated in the menu.Unhappy camper.The quesadilla a sorry presentation, very lackluster in taste, $11 they should really be ashamed!!!!! Just cheese, no sides, no garnish, I was pissed!My fishtacos, 2 for $14 were ok, the second time.FIrst time they brought  me cold fried fish on corn shells when I ordered grilled on flour.Servers mistake, he brought someone else's plate that had been sitting in the kitchen for awhile.By the time my order came out the guys were done eating, so they sat and stared while I ate,  not fun.Fish tacos were fine, not stellar, neither was rice and beans.$60 for something I would have paid around $10 for in SoCal and didn't even taste good, very disappointed Pink Taco!
3	The steak fajitas were great! Shocked when they added a charge for extra cheese and lettuce. Didn't even get the extra order.  The server never mentioned the extra charge when ordering. All she had to do was mention it when I ordered. Eventually got the charge removed.
2	I thought this place was okay. I ordered shrimp tacos and they were just plain. In fact, I think even the chips and salsa were just ok. The atmosphere was inviting and seemed busy. The waitress was very kind and prompt. We even had some random guys sit at our table and she came over to see if we were ok and if she needed to get of them for us. That was greatly appreciated!
3	Came here for the 1st time, friend I went with to Vegas recommended we eat here. Food was pretty good, we did happy hour at the bar. Atmosphere - Casual and upbeat, friendly service at the bar House Margarita - Eh, was nothing to special about it, very plain Beef Flautas - DELICIOUS very crispy yet flaky. Had good taste to it but was missing the guacamole. Pink Tacos - Very good! I'm not a onion fan so I picked it out but overall very flavorful too I liked the food wayyyyyyy more then my drink, I shall be trying the location out here in Cali to see how their food is.
5	Two words: Chicken Nachos. Try it & you won't regret it. I'll admit, I have noticed that the portion size of the chicken nachos has gotten smaller over the years, but it still tastes great. Don't forget dessert... deep fried ice cream, enough said.Service here is also good. There has been one instance when I ordered to-go & the order was done wrong, so we took it right back. Overall, Pink Taco is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.
5	A Vegas favorite. Bomb dot com. Ambience is great! Sit by the pool  outside for dia de los muertos art explosion! Nursing a hangover ??? Order the ceviche!
2	We stopped by here while checking out the hotel and casino during our Vegas trip. Decor was awesome and we chose to sit on the patio which was overlooking an awesome pool. Our waitress came by and was different, not sure what was her deal but she couldn't hear anything we said. We ordered a margarita and a mojito. Margarita came and no mojito. Five minutes later she came by and I asked about the mojito. Apparently, she didn't hear my order and didn't apologize just walked away. The wait for the mojito was not worth it, it had Malibu rum in it and tasted like sun tan lotion. My mistake for not reading the ingredients. I ordered ahi tuna tacos, they were great minus the sweet fruit salsa on top. My bf ordered shrimp enchiladas and was brought shrimp tacos, oh well he ate them anyway and they were good. We didn't complain just wanted our check and to go somewhere else without our awkward waitress. If she would of asked if we wanted more to drink, we probably would have but she was too busy getting others orders wrong probably. Food was ok, service not so much.
3	This place only gets 3 stars in this review because the service was horribly slow.I came here today for the first time since last summer.  My girlfriend and I were seated on the patio.  We walked out after 15 minutes of not a single server stopping by.In the past, the food has been okay and everything is pricy.  The real draw here is the proximity to the rehab pool and the ambiance, views, and dare I say, talent.
3	I've only ordered nachos and tacos here and all I have to say is try and pick up your food to go, especially if it's busy. It's faster and you don't have to deal with the forgetfulness and slow pace of the servers. When I sat here to eat, the server forgot about our waters, brought out food separately, and didn't acknowledge that she was messing up. It was not even as busy as I've seen this place get. I'll probably come back before or after I hit up Rehab again but definitely ordering to go like the first time I came here. It was quick and they got the order right.
4	We wanted to eat dinner at a classy Mexican place in Vegas, what can possibly go wrong? Food was great, we both had fajitas and the portion sizes were huge (we couldn't finish even though we did not eat much for lunch) and the complimentary chips were tasty as well (we liked the occasional pink chips ;) ). The restaurant was nicely decorated and we enjoyed our visit.The food itself was very tasty. Having lived in California for two years I would not call it authentic Mexican but still super tasty American Mexican (still more authentic than Chipotle) ;)If you can, sit inside (outside seating is just next to the pool and music can get very loud)
2	Very busy. Service sucked. Undercooked carnita asada. Waitress took plate and fork. Personnel brought steak back after recooking..never brought a fork. Rarely saw out waitress til she brought bill. Bisboy excused her actions with waitress had too many tables.
5	love, love, love this place.  The food is amazing and the service is even better.  I opted for the pink taco plate with chicken tacos.  The deep fried shells along with the grilled chicken, pickled onions, and avocado make for a great combination.  The chips are fresh and non-greasy and the salsa has just the right amount of spiciness.  Service wise, the staff was constantly checking to make sure I had everything I needed and that my food was to my liking.  I dine often but rarely get this attentiveness of service.
3	I've ate here a few times.  The food is always pretty good but like most of the reviews; the service is slow.  I come here when I want to cure a hangover.  You won't find exceptionally spicy mexican food here either.  This is a place where white people go to get mexican food.
3	I have eaten here three times and always gotten the nachos. I'm very big on nachos and this place has the best I've ever had. The hostesses are always kinda rude, especially if you come in from the pool. Service is decent, but those nachos are what bring me back.
4	This is another case where 3.5 stars would be perfect. We went on a Monday for lunch and the service was out standing, the portions were huge and the food was good. We had a chicken salad and carnitas along with the bacon wrapped jalapeno's between the three of us, all were very good! The jalapeno's are not the bland filled jalapeno's that you get at a lot of places but had a bit of a kick to them and were perfectly cooked.The carnitas was excellent with the meat nice and tender the fresh tortilla's were excellent.The only knock I had was the lighting of the place was quite dim.Thanks!
4	I would give 3.5 to 4 stars.  We went on Sunday and had their brunch and unlimited mimosas.  This was an excellent way to sample most if not all of the items on the menu.  Liked the way you could order a couple of dishes, eat, order some more dishes and get a chance to digest what you just ate.  The food was good.  The mimosas were truly unlimited.  The waitress came often to our table to take more food orders and bring drinks.I would definitely go again and recommend the restaurant to friends.
4	Really good food is served here service is fast and the associates are friendly and the food is really delicious! Did I already say that? It's clean, neat, the lighting is really cool, outdoor seating is nice, and there's some really awesome murals. Over all it's really amazing.
3	Dropped in here on the way out of town.  Huge spot, including a good sized patio.Not much in the way of large menu, so if you're relatively picky (like me), you'll have to spend some time figuring out which item you perceive will be the least altered (and, therefore, frustrating the wait/kitchen staff to accommodate your order).  Food was great, however.Like most things in a casino/resort, it's about two bucks more than your average Mexican joint, so be aware of that in advance.Will stop in again.
3	On our Vegas trip we decided to check out the Hard Rock Hotel. It's supposed to be a real cool place to hang.There were a bunch of clubs to go to but there were expensive. We had some cocktails and found the Pink Taco for a meal. Can't believe that name.Well it was so so Mexican food, there are better places in Portland but it hit the spot as we were really hungry. We both had chicken fajitas and while it was good, there was too much food to eat. Service was really good.
1	The server was friendly, and that is where it ended. Assume everything has cilantro even if the menu doesn't list it. Dinner was awful, house made tortillas weren't even good- they were rubbery and oily. They knew I wasn't happy with my dinner and made no adjustments or efforts. $46 for a crappy dinner for two. On par with the rest of the Hard Rock property. We won't be back. Wish I could make the rating less than 1 star.
4	Food was awesome, got the pink tacos.  Much better than I expected.  Lost a star due to crappy martini.
2	Nothing special except that it's filled with all the obnoxious douchebags and foul mouthed drunk sluts from the rehab pool.
5	This place is very fun and the food is great. Love watching them make fresh tortillas. Next time I'm in Vegas I'm going to come again.
4	Happy hour prices at the bar are great.  Moved to a table for a small dinner with friends.  Had the best chili relleno and most perfect rice.  One of our guests had the lobster taco which was an assemble it yourself set up. Lots of fast friendly service with great drinks and food.
5	love the enchiladas!
1	Food is terrible. Chips were stale and the salsa tastes like it came from a grocery store brand. Tried the quesadilla for an app and burrito for dinner, neither were very good. Decent happy hour but if you're looking for restaurant option based on food taste and quality, I'd recommend skipping this one.
3	Not terrible, but not a first choice for tacos on the strip either.  If you don't want to wander too far from the hotel, I can understand eating here.  But go a few blocks down for that of you can.
4	Stayed at the HRH and stumbled in here in search of a late lunch with my wife. Ordered steak nachos, guacamole, and two house margaritas (on happy hour special so only $6) with chips and salsa on the side. Food came extremely fast and was really tasty. Would like to try other items next time we go.
5	I love the Sabana De Pollo, I've been ordering it since Pink Taco opened! Another favorite of friends' are the Chicken Enchiladas with Tomatillo (green) Sauce.
2	I keep meaning to send an email to the manager, but keep forgetting.We've lived in Vegas ten years now and this was probably the third happy I ever went to and loved the appetizer platter, therefore have eaten here very regularly for ten years.  That being said, the last two years or so have been absolutely horrible.  Not sure what is going on with the management.  The staffing has serious issues, no one is serving the bar top tables, the waitresses and hostesses are aloof and rude, the food and menu have now changed and are inconsistent and horrible.  My food tasted water logged the other day, one of the new aps was inedible and I actually sent it back.  As I said, this was my FAVORITE meal place for ten years and also had a FAVORITE bartender and drink.  This place feels like it is now relying on the drunken drug party crowd and just want to be a bar and not a restaurant, the food used to be so good that I brought visitors here when they said mexican for dinner.  We actually stopped eating here and started eating at culinary dropout as our place of choice when in hard rock now.....please get it together and bring back the original happy hour menu with those potato flautas, the corn cake thing and the steak skewers and quit messing with what was working.  The new aps are disgusting and the wait staff issue is just beyond horrible.  We have now walked out a few times and have been coming less and less.  Oh, and then the waitress asked us if we needed more tortillas for our fajita (because it came with two dehydrated and disgusting ones), so we say yes, only to find a 2 dollar upcharge on our bill.  Just ridiculous and down hill...sad to lose one of my favorite restaurants for the last ten years...get it together.
3	Here's my thing about PINK TACO.. They really have to do better on the quality of food they are trying to sell as Mexican style cantina feel! For me I've been here twice now and I really just feel like this place is a sorry excuse for Mexican food! It has no flavor and the tacos are bland as all hell. Want to talk about inflation of price? I clearly don't mind paying for what I get and of course things will be over expensive in a casino restaurant but you are almost at like $20 for 3 small tacos.. The nachos are probably the best thing on the menu. I just recently was here and ordered the burrito meal which comes with black beans and again for $15 this burrito should be much more tasteful! I could go get two carne asada burritos from Roberto's or 2 bigger burritos from chipotle for the price and have it to much well worth it!
2	My bestie loves this place and I can't understand why at all. The service is bland, the food is bland, the atmosphere is bland. I was meeting a friend and got there a little early. The three hostesses at the stand were less than friendly, but they seated me right away. 10 minutes later a server finally comes, but she was nice. I ordered a Michelada, and it was GROSS. My friend showed up so we ordered ceviche and fajitas. The ceviche tasted like the shrimp was already cooked and then mixed in with lime juice, which it's supposed to be cooked BY the lime juice, or something like that. It just didn't taste right. The fajitas were okay, but the tortillas became crispy as soon as they cooled down within a few minutes. I had one and was done.I switched up my drink for a margarita, and that too didn't taste right. It was sickly sweet. I couldn't even finish my tiny margarita. The bill was almost $100. I'm glad my friend offered to pay or I would've felt extremely cheated and maybe would've given just 1 star.  Definitely NOT my cup of tea.
5	If it's PINK I'll take two...I didn't see any pink tacos during my causal lunch 10/1 but the Ceviche I ordered was very flavorful and equally amazing! The honey chipotle wings are definitely an acquired taste! I'm uncertain if I'll order them again. Overall a great experience next time I'll have to order a taco!
5	Awesome-  order the pink tacos and enjoy.  Tons of food, awesome service, and a very cool vibe.I wish there were more of these around I the country.I will return every time I am in Vegas.
3	Very cool place. I love all the skulls and skeletons (De La Muerte). They have a patio overlooking the pool area. The food is hit or miss. I wasn't impressed with their ceviche but i enjoyed my taquitos though. I don't mind coming back to try their other dishes.
2	I really do not like the name so maybe that affected my opinion a little bit. I sat at the bar and the staff was great. I ordered the fries off of the Happy Hour menu and they really sucked. Not much to base my opinion on but really; do not put it on the menu unless you are going to do it well. The only thing that saved these so called fries was that I used the salsa to cover them. They were in no way shape or form crispy so the salsa did not make them soggy. The salsa was good.
5	A good portion of food. Relaxed atmosphere. Cool, friendly staff. No crowds. Kick ass carnitas! Do it.
1	We were staying at the HardRock and decided to go down and eat here. I had some many tacos which seemed reasonable but once I started eating I felt something odd and realized it was a fingernail from my taco. I showed my coworkers and they all wouldn't finish their food. Once I showed the manager she wasn't even really apologetic. They comped my main course but made me pay for everything else. I understand things happen but what turned  me off was the lack of customer service
2	Don't waist your time here. Service is BLAH and food is nothing special. Their happy hour food is a joke. One star for the beer and one star for their free chips and salsa.
3	Had the all you can eat brunch on Sunday and it was pretty good. The setting isn't very inviting and the staff is cold. Most of the tapas were good but they did not have any sort of creamer for their coffee which is odd considering they serve breakfast and they have the coffee.
3	It was alright. Staff is kinda rude they don't really care pretty much , not friendly at all. I felt like everything was rushed . Drinks however take a while to come by  . I had the chicken tostada salad and it was pretty good . I wouldn't go back to this place just because the staff makes you feel so un-welcomed
4	Second visit to pink taco and was just as good as the first. Food is fresh tasting and drinks are delicious! Actually the only good margarita I had all night! I get the skinny chica and it's very good!! Service was fast and friendly and when my friend didn't like her drink (strawberry margarita was more like a smoothie) our server quickly exchanged it no problem.
3	Good tequila! We waited a while and the food was ok but we just had appetizers. We have been there before and had a 4-5 star experience. We had the pink tacos last time and they were great. The service was also better last time maybe because it wasn't so busy. I would recommend them still and will give them another chance.
2	far better Mexican food in the valley... The place was dead so I don't really know how to rate the service.... the food was like Chili's and the prices were like an upscale Mexican restaurant .... I think the people coming from a day at the pool or a great concert must put them in the mood to review this place better? Go to Viva Mercados and forget Pink Taco.
5	Tried the KISS Gene Simmons inspired "All Hell's Breakin' Loose" Sizzling Molcajete last night. It that comes with 2 Grilled Shrimp, Carne Asada, Pollo Asada, pepper's & onions, guacamole over rice, ancho-tomato broth and radish. Probably the best dish I have ever had here.  The dish is only $24 and it easily serves 2 people. The presentation is just wow when it comes in. The Molcajete made from volcanic rock stays sizzling hot throughout the entire meal. I hope this will stay on the menu because I plan to come back and try it again. Service was as always fast, polite and great as usual. Gotta love this place.
4	I ate here for dinner on a Tuesday evening. The service was quick, I had the shrimp enchiladas and a margarita.The food was good and reasonably priced. Well not amazing, it's a solid restaurant and I would come back again.
4	After living here over 8 years finally decided to check out the Hard Rock Hotel since major changes were made. One thing has stayed the same. Pink Taco . Sat at the bar our bartender was attentive and made us laugh . Tall guy dark hair. The corn tortillas were bomb the butterfly chicken full of flavor and the portion size is great actually took a lot home . I reccomend this place for locals and tourists alike cannot go wrong . The multicolor chips are crisp and the salsa is delicious !
2	I'm giving two stars as the service wasn't bad. But the food, oh my god the food, is terrible. The steak burrito I ordered had less flavor then the rice. Even Cholula didn't help. If you're sober go somewhere else. Or just get drinks.
3	The food here was really good. It was filling and tasty. However, when compared to other taco joints or mexican food, it is just very average. I love mexican food and the food here lacks the authenticity of other places... But this should be obvious since its in a casino. My problem is that they are very very pricey. For two people, it was $54. The food was good and it was discounted for gamblers, but if I had to pay over $50 for the quality I would be upset.Definetly people should come here and try it out, just know the quality isn't worth the price.
2	The skillet fajitas are about the only thing worth getting here. I don't know if I wasn't drunk enough to appreciate the food or what, but it was extremely mediocre.Chips and salsa are generic, salsa lacks any sort of kick. Not sure why each table gets two bowls of the same salsa either, unless someone made a mistake. Speaking of service, it was also very basic- barely saw my waitress, was never asked how the food was, only got a smile out of her when we got the bill.I had high hopes for the ahi tacos, but the fish, though fresh, is not marinated or seasoned in any way- rendering the order bland, basic, and boring. For $16, even downtown, it should have some sort of flavor.Subtracted an additional star for lying about happy hour- HR website says it's 3-7PM, Mon-Fri. Waitress says they don't have one, when I mention the site she states it's at the bar only, and there is no food on it. Not true, but apparently they don't honor it if there's a performance on premises that day. You'd think they'd encourage people to eat on property and spend more money, guess not...
2	Man, this place is not on the strip but you wouldn't know it looking at the prices. 3 baby tacos for $16.mmmm the smell of my money leaving is fantastic. Overpriced food and mediocre service. Rice was bland and watery and chips tasted like they were out of a bag. Fajitas weren't terrible I guess, but the steak was very poor quality. Overall I wouldn't recommend this place.
4	Stopped here for a quick bite before the club. We ate at the bar and the bartender was nice and accommodating. Food was pretty good but portions were small. I got the lobster tacos and although the menu stated that it was 3 tacos,  the amount of lobster I received only fit 2 tacos. The lobster was definitely fresh and delicious though. I'd go back, but probably order something more like a Burrito,  where portion size would be standard.
4	One of my favorite spots in Vegas. The atmosphere is hip and vibrant and the servers are always fun and friendly. My favorite is the corn fritters - they're a must. The guac is also great. Several friends enjoy the fish tacos and shrimp tacos.  They have recently changed the rice and we all agreed it's weird - very buttery white rice with peas. Odd for a Mexican restaurant. However, everything else was delicious!
