5	Awesome, awesome, awesome.  The entire menu is delectable.  This one in Phoenix was the first Macaroni Grill I'd been to, but I've since been to locations in Pensacola, Chattanooga, and Orlando.  All of them are consistently excellent.  It's fun and family-friendly (your waiter will write his name on your paper tablecloth in crayon, upside down so that you can read it, then leave the crayons for you to go crazy with).Also, they leave a bottle of house wine at your table and then charge you by the glass, using the honor system (though I'd imagine if you finished the bottle and claimed one glass they'd catch on).  Add this to my list of places I wish were near me, but sort of glad they aren't because I'd be a lot poorer if they were!
4	I had several restaurants on my mind: Flo's, Elephant Bar and at the last minute decided to go to Macaroni Grill at around 6 PM. The parking lot was full, all the tables on the patio were occupied so I dropped my wife off to put our name in.  After parking, I walked into the restaurant and she wasn't there, they had all ready seated her. We sat in a couples booth and could watch the cooks and waiters picking up their orders.  We ordered the stuff mushrooms, but after a long wait our waitress came by and told us they had to start a new batch. She asked if we still wanted them, of course not. I'm glad she asked, 'cause we all ready had our fill of their delicious bread. My wife ordered the house wine, 1/2 insalata , Margherita pizza and I had the Shrimp Portofino which looked small but very filling.Our waitress, Jess, was a little slow in bringing us a take home box and the check, but was friendly.
4	Yeah I know; it's a chain.  However, I dig the Mac Grill.  They always seem to have great customer service which always enhances the eating experience.  Their app bread was hard, but dip it in olive oil/balsamic and we're golden.  Their lunch special was cool; soup or salad and half sandwich.  It's quick, light and tasty!  Price was good as well...so what's your problem and why can't you go - no excuse not to attend :)
2	I cook better pasta than them, and I am not much of a cook.The pasta I had (I believe it was a marinara dish with penne pasta) was awfully bland.Sauce didn't mix well with the pasta either.The texture of the pasta was funky, hanging out on its own.If I wanted bland pasta I would buy a can of Presto and penne pasta, boil them together and add some water :pThe server was attentive enough to notice and brought me more sauce.I did like the service and how they had the giant white piece of paper and crayons on the table so I could doodle while I waited.The waitress was very attentive and friendly.Appetizer: calamari was yummy.I just wish they could kick it up a notch on the pasta with richer sauces, seasoning, texture, more tomato/meat/cheese and really blending it with their pasta. But I guess that would raise costs/prices huh. :/
2	This used to be one of my favorite places. They had the most amazing bread and if you knew about it pesto dipping sauce! Yum! Unfortunately... They don't make the pesto anymore and they've changed the recipe for the bread... :( it looks the same but texture and taste are way different now. Also the salad isn't great. On a good note they make tasty Chicken Parm. And they have a chocolate cake that's pretty good unless they took that off the menu too. I'm a huge bread fan and if you screw that up at Italian... It takes a lot to win me over. And everything else is only fair. Sad really. My husband and I used to go here all the time. Trying to find a new fav Italian joint.
3	After a movie at AMC, my mom, dad, aunt & I decided to have an early dinner here. I have been here a few times in the past but it's been a good 3-4 years since my last visit. I forgot that they have paper on the table so you can doodle on it. That's always fun. Our server was Dan & he was really friendly.For starters we ordered the calamari, by we I mean my mom because she orders calamari whenever we go out. It was good & so was the dipping sauce. Their rosemary bread is tasty too, especially with a lil olive oil. My dad ordered red wine (not sure which 1) & I ordered the ultimate leaning bellini. Dad enjoyed his wine, had 3 glasses & I loved my cocktail, so yummy! For our entrees: my aunt-shrimp portifino, dad-aged beef tenderloin spiedini, mom-originally wanted lasagna but they were out for the next hour, ugh, so she settled for chicken scaloppine & myself-lobster ravioli. My aunt loved hers, dad liked his, mom didn't care for hers & kept eating off of our plates & I liked mine as well. Not sure how authentic their Italian is, but hey we overall enjoyed our dinner & would definitely return!
2	We went to Macaroni Grill a couple weeks ago and were extremely disappointed with pretty much everything about the experience. The service was slow at best on a not very busy night. The food did not taste fresh at all, in fact tasted as if it had been cooked two days prior and just nuked in the microwave. My wife ordered what our waitress said was the "best item on the menu" and it was quite tasteless. I had the Italian trio sampler which was bland. We will undoubtedly never go there again.
1	One of the worst dinners out since I can remember.  Next time I think about eating at Macaroni grill I am going to reconsider.  Thinking about this visit, over cooked, over expensive and very poor service.  I will just open up a box of kraft macaroni next time, I will enjoy it more.  Burnt Childrens pizza, missed salads, and simple requests not fullfilled.
2	I went here for Mother's day with a big group of family. The dinner was a disaster. My uncle made the reservation for the wrong number of people, so I felt bad for the waitress, but it didn't excuse the poor service and food that we had. We were seated in the middle of the packed restaurant and the waitress came around and took everyone's orders. I ordered the build your own pasta with a caesar salad. The salad had barely any dressing on it, and was quite bland. Then our party waited about an hour and fifteen minutes for our dinners. In addition, we were not given any bread after the initial 3 loaves for 18 people nor water for about 20 minutes until we flagged someone down to get some. When the food came out, there were many mistakes. I do not know how they can mess up the build your own pasta because the customer fills out a paper form and checks the ingredients that are wanted.... well they did. My cousin got the same thing and ordered meatballs and meat sauce, and was brought out marinara with mushrooms.... hmmm. I ordered chicken, garlic, broccoli, spinach, and marinara. Well, it had no spinach and 2 cloves of garlic. The chicken was all fat, like it was what you cut away from a chicken breast before cooking it. It was some of the grossest chicken I have tasted. My brother ordered a dish that was supposed to have shrimp and some other meat in it...it came out in the smallest bowl I have ever seen and contained 1 shrimp. Really? Wow. All of the food was bland and of poor quality. I noticed their prices have gone down, but obviously it is at the sake of the quality.
3	I like this location the best. The last two times I came here (which were over a year ago), I had pretty good food. I went to ANOTHER Macaroni Grill and it was a "meh" experience. I was actually...really surprised because other then the decor, there was not much consistency between the two. So basically you're reading this and saying, "Is it worth going?". It's overpriced...Just sayin'.  If you do go, get pizza. Best bang for your buck really. Oh and if your food is bland, just keep eating the appetizer bread they have already for you :) That I did love.
4	We frequent this restaurant regularly because it is close to home and always meets our expectations. The food is always great and reasonably priced. The staff is also very friendly. We eat in the bar sometimes because the wine is 2 bucks cheaper per glass. We really like this particular Macaroni Grill at Desert Ridge.
4	Go for happy hour to this place and get some great deals.Drinks:  I have to mention this cause I am no drinker, but I had one of the best Margharitas in my life here.Being the cheap-o I am, any drink on their happy hour menu is $5, so I found the most expensive one that appealed to me ($8.50 normally) made with agave juice and plata tequila and some other things.  It was great.  So great I think I told the bartender what a great drink it was.  Yeah, it was great.Then for $5 at happy hour I ordered a pepperoni pizza--figuring it would be some frozen crappy hard pizza.  But no it wasn't!  Quelle suprise!  It was a fresh baked pizza dough with real cheese and real basil on top.So worth the money!This place has a great happy hour!!!  I will be back with friends again.I mean, where can you get a great meal for $10?  Good service, too.
4	I am pleased to announce that Macaroni Grill now has happy hour and a pretty darn good one! Appetizers are $5 and their house Chianti, Chardonnay and Zinfendal's are only $3. Our favorite appetizer is prosciutto wrapped mozzarella served in a delicious red sauce accompanied by grilled garlic toaster points. We typically stop in once a week and say hello to our favorite bar tender Dariya, who by the way remembered us after only one visit. She is always cheerful and makes our experience all the more enjoyable.
3	I knew going in here that this was a pasta joint- but what I find interesting is that there is no macaroni on the menu!!  :(My hubs and I got both ordered simple pasta- nothing so awesome that I can even remember was it was.  The restaurant was super slow so the service was good.  Our waiter Jeff was very attentive.Best part of the meal has got to be the paper on the tables and the crayons provided.  We killed time between ordering and eating with playing hangman on the table.  The fact that this was the best part of the meal is not saying much about the food- but it was okay.
2	Meh, I've experienced better AT OTHER MACARONI GRILLS!  This it third time I have tried this location.  Last night we tried it for the last time.  I ordered a side Caesar salad with Pasta Milano--light on the sun dried tomato.  My son ordered Fettuccine Alfredo with chicken.  My younger children ordered the macaroni and cheese from the kids menu.  First, they forgot the bread.  When it arrived it was small and hard.  They also forgot my salad.  Second the pasta in the Pasta Milano was not even close to al dente.  It is was completely raw in the center of the Farfalle,  I counted only 5 pieces of chicken in the whole serving.  And remember the light on the sun dried tomatoes?  Yep, they were all there and more.  The sauce was largely nonexistent though. While the sauce was missing one thing I did find was cartilage: a very large chunk!   My son's Fettuccine Alfredo showed up sans chicken.   At least the little ones were happy.The location is a tough one.  It is in the very busy Desert Ridge Marketplace area.  The parking lot is too small, as it is shared with three other restaurants.  I will also say it was on a busy Friday night.  However, this is the third time.  I just won't be back.  I am beginning to wonder about the management here.  It feels too fast food.  Macaroni Grill is a chain restaurant with other locations and a decent menu.  I will have to go back to the one on Gold Dust.
2	3.5 stars + 1starBeen here twice... both of em after 9pm around closing hrs...I was seated at the bar the first time around and the waiter did cater pleasingly. He wasn't impressed that I said enough after my first glass of wine though....The 2nd time around though.....WOAH!!!!!Pathetic..... there was a sense of " GTFO ...we are closing in an hour's time" lingering in the air. We were craving Italian and Romano's ranks(ranked rather) higher than Olive Garden any day on my chart. But this evening was a disaster.The water we were served had floaters...eeks!... The glasses were dirty... guess the dishwasher was either not working or maybe they was some serious cost cuttingWhats with Romano's new policy of serving water from a smudgy glass bottle....and refilling it from that cheap a$$ plastic water which stands as the center of attraction in the middle of the dining area????and then when I asked for house wine... guess what it is served in ? a cheap a$$ water glass(ikea?) ... is washing a goblet such a big nuissance......?? or does Romano's want 2 let you know that you are cheap to order their house wine which infact does have a fancy italian name ..lolIm just tired of writingRomano's at Tatum.... you let me down... big time!
2	Yet again I had to go to this place and yet again I come up with the same question" WHO CAME UP WITH THE IDEA OF SERVING WATER IN THOSE SMUDGY BOTTLES??"and YES! yet again i saw some floaters in my water....i would make this a 1 star review if not for the chicken marsala and hot complimentary bread
1	I've never had a great experience at Macaroni Grill but decided to try it again since I heard their menu had changed.  The menu may have changed but that's all that's changed.  We sat for a good 10-15 minutes before the manager came over to take our drink order, saying our waitress was bogged down with other tables.  I looked around and the bartenders were waiting on other tables.  It looked like there were only 2 waitresses in the entire restaurant.I ordered fettucine alfredo and was disappointed immediately when it arrived because they had ground up pepper sprinkled all over the top of it.  Why would any restaurant put pepper all over someone's food??  Well, apparently they did it to disguise the fact that their alfredo sauce has absolutely no flavor.  None at all.  I have had alfredo pasta at fast food Italian places and it's been better than this.  My husband ordered the chicken milanese and it was covered in some sweet sauce that did nothing for the chicken.  The best part of the entire meal was the potatoes that were served with my husband's chicken.  They were really good.  Overall, it was a complete waste of an hour of my life and $45.  I will never go back again.Oh, and P.S.  Who serves water in gross bottles with NO ICE??  Yuck!
2	I remember this place being a lot better.  I was up at Desert Ridge and decided to check out one of my favorite restaurants for dinner since it was my birthday.  My favorite go-to dish for this place is the Pasta Milano.  I remember first eating it in highschool and have loved it ever since.  Every time I visit, this is what I order, sans mushrooms of course.  Ew, fungus.  The bread seemed a bit bland, but the side caesar salad I ordered with my meal was tasty enough.  The pasta, however was completely different than I remember it.  It was bland, nearly tasteless and the chicken tasted like it came out of one of those microwaveable bags you buy at the deli at the grocery store that has pre-cooked bags of chicken to throw into salads.  Fake chicken? Bland pasta sauce? Bland bread? Not what I remembered from this place.  Definitely not worth the $38 we spent for the meal and I will not be returning ever again.  What happened to the Macaroni Grill I remembered?What a disappointing birthday dinner.
1	We were in the area and decided to stop here for a late lunch.  When we entered, there were several people waiting in the front area but the dining area was less than 1/2 full.  After standing unnoticed for several minutes, we were just about to walk out when a hostess apologized for the wait and informed us that there are not enough servers to serve the entire dining area so there would be about a 15 min wait.  No problem, so we sat in the waiting area with the others.  After a couple seconds, I couldn't help but notice the extremely high-pitched, continuous noise coming from the kitchen equipment.  As much as I tried to block it out, I found myself getting almost an instant headache, which is quite rare for me.  It was at this instant that I decided this just wasn't worth the wait, no matter how good the food is! So we left and went to Chili's a couple doors down :)
5	Daria is the best bartender!!!!
1	We've moved away from chain restaurants due to the lack of service we typically receive.  I almost felt judged by the server because we weren't dressed up.  I mean, we were in jeans and t-shirts, but didn't look like bums.  The food was terrible too.  The server seemed annoyed that he had to bring us extra calamari sauce and was difficult to find.  They claim their pasta is homemade and "al dente", but really it was just undercooked.  I've had fresh pasta before and never had it served so hard, or sticking together.  I doubt we'll ever come back.
2	I'm staying near the Desert Ridge area for about a month and have been here twice. However, after the last experience, I think it will be a while since I come here again or recommend this place to friends.The first time I came here was around lunch time since we were at Desert Ridge and looking for a bite to eat.  We ordered a combo of appetizers and entrees.Mac & Cheese Bites with Truffle Dip - it is okay, just little balls of mac and cheese that is later fried. When you bite into it, it is airy and there isn't a whole lot of taste to it.Zucchini Fritti with Truffle Dip - I wouldn't recommend this appetizer again unless they keep an eye on how long they fry the zucchini.  The idea sounds good, long strips of zucchini that is fried almost like thin strips of chips, however, what came out was less than desired.  Most of what was on our plate was over fried. I don't mean "golden brown" either, but like dark brown, inedible pieces.  We didn't complain to the waiter but he must've seen that most of the plate was untouched.Penne Rustica - roasted chicken, shrimp, rosemary cream, prosciutto, parmesan. This was alright, I thought the pasta was a bit overcooked and not al dente, but it wasn't mushy either.Sweet Corn & Clam Fettuccine- clams, pancetta, celery, cream, white wine, green onion.  My friend ordered this and substituted with penne pasta instead. She seemed to like it although found it to be a bit too heavy as she got to the end of the dish.Service was fine on our first visit.Then about two weeks later I took my aunt/uncle who were visiting from out of town. We decided to stop here for a late lunch. It was around 1:45 pm by now.When we entered, most of the dining area was empty with the exception of two small tables that had people who were eating. The annoying part of this was that we waited for almost 10 minutes before anyone came by to actually seat us, we basically gone unnoticed and there was 3 of us with 2 more on their way. I had to approach someone to mention we would like to be seated. If we didn't already arrange to meet my aunt and uncle to meet us there already, I would've left the restaurant and gone elsewhere.  We ordered a few appetizers to share, and I mentioned to our table not to order the zucchini fritti after last time's bad experience.Calamari Fritti - fried calamari was actually pretty good. The batter was light and there was a fair amount of calmari to share. Lobster-Stuffed Clams- clams, pancetta, garlic breadcrumbs, red pepper aioli. This was a disappointing item. It sounded good from the description, but the clams were tiny, couldn't find much (if any lobster) and you tasted more breadcrumbs than anything else.Shrimp Portofino - jumbo shrimp, capellini, spinach, mushrooms, pine nuts, lemon butter. This this was fine, perhaps a bit too much oil for my taste. The rest of the group ordered the combo lunch specials and then another ordered the sweet corn & clam fettuccine. The service this time wasn't very good. Yes, she came to get our drinks when we first sat down, but we had to flag her down to take our orders and also to get us some more bread and refill our drinks midway.  Mind you, this place had a total of 3 tables including us and there were a few waitstaff working that day.  Paying for the bill took forever as well.Overall, the food isn't terrible here but there are some dishes better than others. Service I wish would be more consistent.
3	This place seems a bit more upscale than the Olive Garden. The food was okay -- I'm not a fan of rosemary and that's an ingredient in their bread -- so I missed out on those carbs.Service was great. Kind of annoying is the paper they use over the tablecloths. It's supposed to be "creative" and they have crayons on the table even if you don't have kids with you but it was annoying because it kept crinkling and seemed more in the way. Feels like a cheap way for them not to  have to change out the tablecloths after each guest.Meh. May return, may not. It's a chain...
1	I've been a long time fan of Mac Grill- but within the past year I've eaten there three times and service has been awful. Actually worse than awful. Bordering on rude. You wait to get a table- 3 people walk by- can nobody say, "we'll be right with you?" Takes forever to place your order, then longer to get your food- even though with the open kitchen atmosphere you see your food sitting there getting cold. Last time I tried take-out. No better. Took me 15 minutes to get somebody to ring me out. And again, there's my food sitting there. Getting cold. I won't be back.
1	Living in this area I frequent Desert Ridge a lot, and have been to this Macaroni Grill several times... their food is actually pretty good which is why I let the horrible service slide a few times... My friend and I have had experiences such as standing at the host stand with no assistance for several minutes while several employees made eye contact. Of course, no one asked if we had been helped, until the hostess finally made her way back up to the stand and decided to ignore us for another couple of seconds before she even acknowledged us. Another visit we were seated right away however it took over 15 minutes for our server to come to our table, and that was only after I had to get out of my seat and find one of the employees to ask for our server. I know several people saw us just sitting there, the least they could have done was asked if we had been helped or not. This last experience, was about a year after the last. I thought maybe they would have changed. I most definitely thought wrong! We were seated promptly and the server was there right away this time. However, our food took FOREVER! Literally, it took over 30 minutes for a medium rare steak and a plate of pasta. I know for a fact they messed something up and ended up taking food out of a to go container and placing it on the plate that they then brought to me (you can see right into their kitchen from the dining room). The server never apologized nor did she come and tell us what the hold up was. Overall, I will never go to that restaurant again.
1	Yet another example of what happens when accountants and efficiency experts take over a restaurant chain and run it into the ground.  Experiences?   Being greeted at the check-in desk by a girl who had her mouth so full of chewing gum that she could hardly speak.    The server pouring our wine (tastes like grape juice) into cheap water glasses.   Being pitched and constantly upsold by our server. (Do they work on commission now?)  Waiting 30 minutes for our dishes, only to THEN be told by our server that the dish my wife ordered was no longer available, because they'd run out.Advice?  Stay home, light a candle, pour a nice glass of Chianti, and open a can of Spaghetti-Os.   You'll be happier.
4	I have never been to a Macaroni Grill since living in AZ so I was more than thrilled when my family decided to get together and go! My first impression when we walked in was that the ambience was beautiful and for a saturday night it wasn't as busy as I thought it would be. The ambience was immediately ruined once we walked in and an expeditor in a mint green shirt who I witnessed yell "don't touch me!" to a server who tapped him on the shoulder who clearly had a question concerning an order. What an asshole! Our server Taylor was a sweetheart and gave us great service:) My family ordered the Mediterranean sea bass, the shrimp portofino and the pan-roasted pork chops. It was all amazing! I also recommend the goat stuffed peppadew peppers they are delicious. Ps: their balsamic reduction sauce is money!
5	This place is the best. Being italian from NY, it is hard to find good Italian food. I am very pick! The fried calamari is not rubbery! Their bread is awesome! If you don't like Olive Garden, try this place!!!
2	We went here last night. Food was fine, the service was lacking! I had a group of 6 and after waiting for 30+ minutes we were able to get seated. We didn't mind the waiting, we expected that. We enjoyed our wine and company while waiting. Unfortunately, as we got seated our waiter was a SNOT. He rushed us, did not explain what we had questions on, only rushed through our order. He was a younger kid, so I don't know if it was the fact that it was busy or he just doesn't understand how to actually treat your customers. Either way, it ruined our experience while enjoying some Italian food (how can you not enjoy it?).. My entire group felt disappointed in our service, especially after having such high expectations. Generally, I do not write negative reviews but this experience was quite influential in my decision to write this,
3	As you can see, the reviews are all over the map for this restaurant. We would agree, though the three of us came here this past Saturday night and we very much enjoyed ourselves.  Our server Dylan was very professional and on top of things. He made our experience Four Stars!The food was good, "A-OK" Three and half Stars, while the bill ran us about $50 including taxes, but before gratuities. The major weakness of the evening was the reintroduction of an old favorite -- Italian Nachos (see photo).  There was a lot of chips and puffed raviolis, but very little meat or cheese for $9.00.  They might want to rethink this one.The Macaroni Grill chain has been in limbo for a while now, with several corporate owners and varying degrees of focus.  After Brinker (Chili's) bought Maggiano's ten years ago, they tried to cheapen the brand, as a way of differentiating it.  Think Olive Garden, or Johnny Carino's.  Then it was sold to VC firm Golden Gate which tried to restore the old Macaroni Grill that Phillip Romano had in mind.  Now Ignite Restaurant Group (Joe's Crab Shack) has recently taken over, and it appears that this finally might be a good thing for Macaroni Grill!  We hope so.Houston based Ignite closed on its $54 million acquisition of Macaroni Grill on April 9 and has named David Catalano as president of the brand.  The new ad campaign will feature Macaroni Grill's create-your-own-pasta platform. Ray Blanchette, Ignite's chief executive said. "We think it's unique to the brand and a compelling message," he added. "It delivers everyday value. We're not discounting it. We believe at the $11 price point, it's already a compelling value."  http://www.igniterestaurants.com/
4	Five girls, two celebrating birthdays, invaded Macaroni Grill this evening.  Our waitress, Taylor, was very accomodating.  Its a solid menu with solid Italian food.  Its always good and it helped to have a 1/2 price bottle of wine at the table.  Taylor was attentive to our needs, questions, and the two birthday desserts were awesome.  Not sure what was going on in the kitchen area.  Lots of breaking glasses and/or plates with the help applauding.  Perhaps the boss was away and the mice will play????
2	Stop the singing, please.  We used to love coming here- at least once per week.  There is a server who is an opera singer and she sings quite a bit.  While I am sure she is good, it is loud, disruptive, long and just awkward.  There was a 3-4 minute period at our table where we couldn't talk because she was so loud.  Doesn't she have sidework or other tables?  Other people may like it, but I'm going to Scottsdale and Shea from now on.  I want a nice, quiet dining experience with my family.  The food is generally very good. Shame.
5	My family has been patronizing the MC for many years during all its various ownership stages.  I've always liked this particular store for its ambiance, decor and excellent location in the Desert Ridge Marketplace.  Over the years, I only recall once incident regarding a mix up in our order which the manager promptly corrected followed by comping our entire meal.  I took the entire family here for dinner last night and it was as good as ever.  We were promptly greeted by a pleasant and helpful female server who took our drink orders and explained a few things about some specials.  I order one or two favorite items on the menu but last night I tried something different for a change . . . I think it was called Quadratinni which was a pasta dish prepare with fresh diced tomatoes, cheese and chili peppers.  It had quite a kick but was very, very tasty.  The pasta was prepared perfectly.  I thought the pasta might have been freshly made because of its texture.Everything else about our dinner was excellent from the freshly baked bread to the desserts.  There is so much more I could say about this restaurant . . . their pizza crust have a very New York look and taste; their dark chocolate gelato is authentic as it comes, the salads are always fresh, crisp and portioned right, their wine selection is pretty decent for a chain restaurant.  I'm Italian and appreciate good food, drink and style.  This location has it all.  I highly recommend it.  As an aside, I noticed another reviewer who complained about the noisy opera singing server.  Personally, our family really enjoyed listening to her.  She only sang one tune during the course of dinner and we thought it added a lot to our entire Italian dining experience.
4	good food, lots of options, service can be awkward at times and our meal came out way too fast but overall prices and tastes are great!
5	Great atmosphere and wonderful server.   Mike went beyond any expectation to meet our dietary needs.   Awesome job.
5	Note: perhaps I would give this place a 4 star rating... I like it better than Agua Fria and Gold Dust  locations. However, these 5 stars are because of our server Michael... I think he said Mikey but I do not remember how he spelled it :(Anyway, he was prompt to seat us when we arrived (early Sunday on Labor day weekend, I believe). He was outstanding, and very friendly. But above all, he ensured this was a great experience, and it was because he anticipated our needs as a customer (well, mine). Or, maybe he is a psychic...  : P But I was very impressed.Hubby had the veal, and I had the seafood pasta. Drinks? Diet coke and flavored Iced tea.What was the magic? I am trying to avoid sugar, and nowadays if I have the 'regular' drinks, they taste crazy sweet, I don't like it... so when I ordered flavored tea, he happened to mention it could be very sweet. Thanks Mikey! I explained the 'situation' and all my glasses of tea were just perfect! I tried Blood Orange and Peach...Then we ordered. Aaand, he explained to me about the type of pasta used for my dish, and how it is more 'al dente'... How do you do it Mikey? Last few times (2 or 3 actually) that I ordered pasta, it felt to me like undercooked, and i didn't enjoy it as much. So he suggested some other type of pasta and I was a very happy customer : )Hubby eat all his food, but I had like 3 meals out of this pasta : )
4	Crazzzeee Holiday traffic, we ended up trapped at Desert Ridge a few days back and decided to make the best of it : )Well, and we also had a $25 gift card to Macaroni Grill...We were seated promptly and our server was very nice and friendly.Bread was the best ever... even when it is right out the oven sometimes it is tough, specially the crust. But this time it was so light and fluffy... a real treat.I got the 4 course meal with chicken and sausage spiedini. Hubby had a seasonal dish... some sort of big red pot with rigatoni I think, sausage and meatballs.Both were good.
1	Did not enjoy this place at all.  Wine was severed in water glasses.   Appetizers and main course had no flavor(how do you mess up pasta).  Food was cold. They warmed up food and it just dried out the meal.  Very disappointing.
2	So-so. Came in for some dessert with some friends. Ordered the strawberry cheese cake and the tiramisu. I was really excited by the description of the cheesecake with "strawberries"... (Plural) But when the cheesecake came out, there was only one strawberry! I attached a pic of the dessert menu and cheesecake. And, I think it's strawberry season right now! I felt like both desserts were alright but not amazing enough to make me want more :/ The service was okay. The server kept serving us from the side of the kitchen over the wall of the booth which felt a little awkward.
1	This is our second trip here in 6monts and this place has gone downhill bad in the last year. First off the service was horrendous and the food not that good. I don't know if it is new management or what but we used to enjoy coming here, never again. At least not the one at Desert Ridge. So we were seated promptly which was probably the only good thing and I should have known considering the restaurant was half empty on a Saturday night at 6pm. Well after we were seated it took almost 20min for our waiter to show up. After that I started to time things because I had a bad feeling it was going to be a bad experience. We were a pretty large group 8 of us out to celebrate  Easter. Will after our drink order was taken it took almost 15min to get our drinks and get our order. I am pretty sure our waiter was high as a kite based upon the way he was acting. Real jerky movements didn't seem to know where he was half the time it was bad. which Ill get to more in a minute. So once we got our drinks and ordered salads etc. It took another 27minutes for our salads to show  and no waiter ins sight the entire time along with my 3 year olds dinner which was a piece of charcoal chicken. When the waiter came and  brought our salads he also knocked my wife's Coach purse off the chair and onto the nasty floor. He stopped looked at it for almost 10 seconds and then mumbled to himself and continued to hand us the salads. He asked if wanted pepper or cheese then walked off didn't even ask to pick my wife's purse. So about 1 min later he came back and asked us if we wanted pepper or cheese ....again. Well we said you already asked us and we said no. He had a confused look on his face and walked off. No Joke 2min later he comes back AGAIN and asks again, at this point I don't know if he's just being a jerk or truly doesn't know he asked 2 other times. Also this entire time we have empty glasses. Finally another waiter came over and filled our drinks for us. So after about 20 more minutes, Our food comes, by this time we are all starving and I was wondering why they brought out my daughters food so  early as it was now cold. Well the food was ok, I got the chicken Caccatorie and it was eh so-so. The chicken was like chewing a piece of rubber. Needless to say the waiter didn't get a very good tip and I will not be going to this particular Macaroni Grill again....Ever. I now the reason this place was half empty on a Saturday night. Go at your own risk.
2	The food was awful. My mushroom ravioli was rubbery and so unappetizing looking they should have been ashamed to let it out of the kitchen. My daughters chicken was so overcooked she could not cut it. The waiter told us we should have sent it back but he did not come back to check on us. Will never go back to this location again. Stay away there are a lot of other restaurants nearby try one of those
3	The food was very good. Value was fair. Food service was poor. Wrong order for one meal. Server would remove dishes from the table and leave them on the top of the wall along our table. Se of the service was over the wall instead of walking around.
4	I had chicken parm for lunch & it was delicious. My waiter was delightful. Great meal for a fair price. I haven't been there in a while and we'll be going back again soon
1	This location seems to be the redheaded stepchild of Macaroni Grills. The staff was very inattentive from hostess down to management. Underneath the table I sat at had bread crumbs, salt, and straw wrappers. The glasses and appetizer plates were filthy to the touch. The glass bottle of water that was set down on the table had several chips along the top. We sat down to eat at a very slow time for the restaurant and there were several other options of glass containers that were not chipped, broken, and cloudy. The appetizer bread had an awful texture and aftertaste. The waitress was not knowledgable about the food. She looked like a deer in the headlights anytime you asked her a question. She did, however, hit all of the steps/up-selling questions you want your servers to hit at a corporate restaurant. We were privy to overhear a loud conversation next to us by the staff lead by the manager bragging about how he just fired a girl. Thank you for being inclusive in your conversation. Overall, the attention to detail here is terrible. Down the the salt and pepper shakers being half full. I would not come back to this location. I hope this was just an off day here.
1	Love the location in Scottsdale, but our experience at the Desert Ridge restaurant was truly awful. Seated in a location so dark I could not read the menu even with my glasses, it didn't start well. Our waitress leaned over me continually trying to take the drinks order which was annoying. No bread came. We asked about the bread and got "so you want bread". Dinner was poor to say the least. My daughter's chicken was rubbery and tasteless and husband's sausages were inedible. The management agreed and deleted two items from the bill. We took the instant survey and got a call to say there would be a gift certificate on its way, but a month has gone by and nothing turned up. My advice, go somewhere else!
1	I was here with my husband, and this place was a joke. The table covers were paper, and our waitress was strange, and wrote her name on our table with crayon. Very unsanitary, and we felt like we were at Chucky Cheese. The kitchen staff kept fighting with each other, for everyone to hear, and the food was poorly executed.  The wait staff couldn't even give a wine recommendation, the manager had to come over and give us one. Truly disappointing.We will not be back, and We will tell all our friends to stay clear of this place.
2	I had a gift card so I took the family out for dinner. The boys liked it (ages 14 &17) but for those of us who are looking for quality over quantity... not so great. Started with waitress asking for our drink order. I told her I wasn't sure about wine but really needed water. She brought two lovely glasses of ice water for the boys, but none for the adults. Asked me again about wine and I said I really just wanted some water, and she said they were all out of glasses. She finally poured some into the little glasses they use for wine. No ice. We drained the bottle they put at the table and never saw another one. Ordered the house wine and it was undrinkable. Food was all overly salted (and we had no water!). I had Pasta Rustica, which is supposed to have prosciutto. Instead, there were these thick strips of some kind of ham. Prosciutto is typically sliced very thin. Weird. Also, we ordered salad and got the food first. The server blamed the waitress, who said they were all out of bowls. Maybe they should order some more dishes and glasses! Finally, desert sounded good but was dried out chocolate cake. They serve it with whipped cream and chocolate sauce, probably because the cake is so dry. Glad I didn't pay for this meal with my own dollars.
1	By far the worst experience at Macaroni Grill that we've ever had. For starters we had to ask for bread twice and when we finally got it, we didn't even have starter plates. Next we waited on our server multiple times, server never came by after food was served, wife's pasta noodles were undercooked and her portion size was made for a kid. We always order same thing so usually everything is pretty much the same not including this time. Last but not least, it seemed like everyone hated their lives minus hostess and weren't happy to help any customers. Also the cooks were banging stuff around which didn't help the experience.We won't be back to this location!
1	I'm sorry guys, if it had not been a short notice trip to Petsmart we would not have had to endure this pain, misery and yuk that was presented to us..In no particular order, some points to consider if you are thinking to eat here..The hostess kept pushing all customers to the rear of the restaurant and was not prepared to let us sit somewhere quite..Wine served in a water tumbler - "tis the italian way said our waiter" - total b*ll S*it said I.Mushroom soup that was a dark coco color and no mushroomsA chicken breast which was in fact small cubed portions still with skin and swimming in old oiland..... wait for it, a gentleman who we assumed to be the manager but would not share his role, going around the tables checking on our thoughts - he never stayed long enough to listen and disappeared when we we leaving .My wife only ate less than 30% of her food and some 2 hrs later to all came back up...After all this this place deserves an award, as the worst place to eat in Scottsdale/Phoenix October 2014
2	Romano Kitchen Counter , hmm.Certainly not 7 in 7, as promoted when I ordered lunch. Normal service time for table service usually extended. The current promotion no better. I am extremely disappointed because I like the menu.  I can only question : are they understaffed?
1	If I could give  NEGATIVE stars,I would!  One of the worst dining experiences I have had in a long time!!  Very disappointed in Romano's. Right from the moment we walked in, hostess said it would only be a few minutes --no problem, EXCEPT that I counted at least a dozen empty tables & those were the ones I could actually see.   While waiting, the kitchen staff proceeded to slam pots & whatever else at a deafening sound to where we could not hear ourselves talk.  Do they not realize that they are open to the dining area?   While being seated I commented to the hostess that the place seemed disorganized. She said they had a new manager who didn't know the routine yet AND they weren't expecting the winter visitors so soon. REALLY?   Are you stupid?  IT'S NOVEMBER???  I didn't need to hear this and found it unprofessional.   We waited 10 min before anyone noticed us. A waiter came over and took drink orders, which we received quickly, but no sugar or silverware.  We were ready to order but could not get the waiter's attention.   I got up and found silverware and sugar on my own.   Finally, our orders were taken but no bread.    After 20 min I got up and went in search of the guy wearing a tie, who I presumed was the manager.  I told him "20 min and no bread"!   He brought us some about 5 min later.   Our drinks were never refilled or even asked if we wanted them refilled!    When dinners were served, waiter did not offer ground pepper or grated cheese.  I got up AGAIN, (at this point they may have thought I worked here), and tracked down a grated cheese caddy that had been left on a sideboard.   Now the waiter shows up to see if we wanted grated cheese!   The meals were delicious but we had to contend with loud music which made it impossible to converse.  This is a ITALIAN restaurant --- why not play some pleasing Italian tenor music instead if something we would find at a club.  We were not planning on dancing on the table.  Again, no drink refills, even though our glasses were empty at this point.   I could watch our waiter run to tables all over the restaurant which made no sense to me.   The wait staff did not look particularly happy and appeared instead like they were just racing through the motions to get through the night.   We needed take home containers and waited another 15 min (at this point I was timing everything).  Finally, the waiter brought them and said they ran out of take-out containers and had to buy some at Pei Wei.   ?????   Is this supposed to be funny?   They were pitiful containers too.   (SIGH).   We didn't want to take a chance of the waiter disappearing again so we asked for the bill at this time also.   I guess the bill was also manufactured at Pei Wei.  Guess again --- another 15 min to get the bill and when the server brought it over, he brought new glasses of iced tea!!!!   At this point we thought it was just comical.  Instead of waiting again, we tracked down the waiter to pay the bill.  Could not get out if there fast enough.  We wished 'good luck' to everyone waiting to be seated (again, with lots of EMPTY tables). This location needs HELP FAST!  The GM needs to get his/her butt in here and TRAIN.  This experience seemed like a place that is on the verge of closing.  Don't they realize that there is tons of competition in DESERT RIDGE?  No one needs to put up with this.
4	To start off the waitress we had was absolutely great! Super positive and exuberant. We had a little issue with out food and the manager came out and fixed it off the ticket and apologized right away. However when we arrived at the restaurant we almost turned around and walked out because the hostess was absolutely horrible we stood there for 10 minutes while she flirted with all the male waiters. She was rude when she finally did seat us... I highly recommend a different person to help start your guest out at such a good restaurant.
