4	Ive been waiting and waiting for Biscuits to open.  With a name like this....you'd think they would have great biscuits.   And they did not disappoint.  Though small, they were light and airy and the berry jam they served alongside was divine!I ordered the chicken fried chicken with eggs and red potatoes.  Nicely cooked with plenty of flavor.  The service was quite attentive...bordering on smothering, but totally understandable being it was opening week and everyone was on their very best behavior.   I look forward to trying  many other menu items.  I will be back.
3	Biscuits Cafe is a solid 3.5 stars. I going to settle with a 3-star review because they are closer to the 3 star territory, I just can't round-up all the way to 4 stars.So, what's the dealio. Walking in, we we're greeted by a sea of hellos, asked for the number of our party and were escorted to a booth. The place is actually large, especially in comparison to their small kitchen. Stenciled in along the wall was "We don't serve fast food... We serve Fresh Food as fast as we can." This seemed to be on pair. Customer service is great. Bussers are dedicated refill machines, each busser was carrying around large glasses of iced tea, coffees, napkins, and straws. Foodwise- portions are huge and prices are low. The food was good, but nothing stood out or seemed crave-able. Kudos to BC for making/baking everything fresh.Biscuits Cafe will definitely be a staple and is a much needed breakfast/brunch stop in the Lakes/West Spring Valley are where the only options are (gag me IHOP and a Denny's). Although BC is no BabyStacks or even a notch of the Cracked Egg bedpost, it's a solid step up from the two star fare at surrounding establishments. I really can't wait to return for the salads, soup, sandwich, and burger portion of their menu. Learned from out server that this is a mom and pop shop based out of Portland and still owned by the the aforementioned mom and pop. Once word is out, I expect there to be a 15 to 30 minute wait. So go now while they're still new and not well known.PROTIP: The have a rewards program. Get a free drink for just signing up. Earn points. Earn rewards towards food. Recieve $5 off for your birthday! For every $1 you spend, you collect one point. After 200 points, you receive $5 off. They have double point Tuesdays. Refer a friend, earn points!
4	We are happy to see a new breakfast place near us!  customer service was wonderful...and attentive. the staff was all smiles and on top of everything. the place was clean and bigger than we had expected which will be nice once the word gets out that they are open and have yummy food. the prices are great for the portions. I had the avocado egg benedict and loved it. My son who never eats much had the kids chocolate chip pancake with eggs and he ate the entire thing ( with little brothers help) ....big kids plate!  Don't remember what hubby had but his plate didn't last long!  We will definitely become regulars.
4	My wife and I had breakfast this morning and were glad to see a new place near our home. Mgr came over to say hello and staff were all very friendly. Place is big and VERY clean.We shared a Joe's scramble and had left overs for our dog. Great coffee tooHope they do well
4	My family and I ventured back to Biscuits Cafe for a late breakfast. The restaurant wasn't very busy, which let's be honest, it's only a matter of time before the secret is out."We don't serve fast food, we serve fresh food as fast as we can." is sprawled across the wall. Biscuits Cafe delivers and they deliver it well.Since we arrived around the noon-ish mark, I decided to give the lunch fare a go this round. I ordered the Fiesta Chicken Salad and a cup of the Tomato Basil soup. My family and I were seated right by the kitchen, which is wide open, and you can see right into (and it's immaculately clean), I saw our waitress crushing up avocado and adding ranch to it. That is how FRESH the dressing was! My sister ordered the Breakfast Burrito and subbed sausage for chorizo (with no problem) with hash browns. My mother loved the Chicken Fried Steak and eggs so much last time, she ordered it again today.Our food came out quickly and it was all delicious. So much better than I had remember on our first visit! My soup was perfect. It wasn't overly salty and was the perfect blend of tomato and basil. My salad was not just made of iceberg and romaine, it had spinach and field greens. The salad was huge, too. I have half of it left over to enjoy later. My sister's breakfast burrito was also on point. Loaded with eggs, sausage, onions, peppers, cheese, and served with a side of sour cream and fresh salsa (which was so good, I got a side of it too for my salad - for no additional cost). It was big, filling, and delightful. My mama finally let me try their country gravy. I'm from the South. I know about Biscuits and Gravy and Biscuits Cafe is right up there with the best of them. Creamy, savory, slightly peppered. It's the country gravy that dreams are made of and is probably an old family recipe. It's REALLY that good.Biscuits Cafe is a large space, ample seating with booths and tables alike. It's clean, open, and warm. There's really no special ambiance or decor, but it has that diner feel and is just as friendly. Customer service here was phenomenal. Our drinks were never less than half full and our orders were precise. PROTIP: They have a rewards program. Get a free drink for just signing up! Earn points, earn rewards towards food. Receive $5 off for your birthday! For every $1 you spend, you collect one point. After 200 points, you receive $5 off. They have double point Tuesdays. Refer a friend, earn points!
1	They old saying holds true.  Minimum wage earnings will give you minimum wage results. From watching the staff cough, sneeze...and not washing their hands once. . And the best I've never personally seen before. .staff is carrying food. Put there finger in the plate of food and LICK THEIR FINGER CLEAN AS THEY ARE CARRYING THE PLATE TO THE CUSTOMER!!! That's when i stopped eating.  Food was bland...potatoes boring and not seasoned.  I give this place 2 months at this pace. ..waste of time
2	Had breakfast here with my wife on a Saturday morning. Not real busy but ample seating. I had the chicken fried steak, really good,  the gravy was delicious . The red potatoes were  gummy and undercooked . I ordered the sourdough toast and it came with one slice cut in half . Who charges 12.00 a plate and only gives one slice of bread ? Biscuits Cafe does that's who. I asked the waitress if that's the norm and she said yes if you want more you'll have to order it as a side. ...... What? Prisoners get more bread than you do here . Very pricey place for what you get. I might try again to see if they serve you half a sandwich for lunch.
3	I did not think the biscuits were that great.  I think if you are going to name your restaurant after a particular food, it must meet expectations of wonderful.  The biscuits, although good, were small and not wonderful.  Service a bit off, but understandable because they just opened.  The chorizo omelet was great but biscuits and gravy not so good. It tasted like an accidental pepper overload.  Thus, the place is good but not amazing.  Just ok.
2	Friendly staff and Manager. However I felt a little conned by my waitress. She described the burgers there as being "Huge" whereas it was clearly a frozen patty not fresh and was average size and not special in any way. Also had their pot roast soup which was OK and I was served corn bread with it. The cornbread is what should have been described as "huge"! It was 4"x6" Block! Only thing is that it was just cornmeal. No flavor. Lastly, going to pay had to take receipt to register to pay which for a restaurant of this size doesn't fit.  Low and behold they only take cash since their system is down. Of course there wasn't a sign anywhere to warn you. 2 stars because staff was nice and Manager named Marlene immediately said I didn't have to pay since it's their fault the system is down. She didn't try to make me feel guilty.
2	Short review:It's an automatic fail when I come for breakfast and am there for at least 30 minutes and not once during that time did anyone come around to offer a coffee refill.  Not once.  Longer review:I saw Biscuits Cafe on Yelp and since it's close to home I decided I'd have to give it a go.  I wouldn't have ordered the biscuits and gravy combo but when in Rome... This is their signature, their biscuits.  The combo includes a choice of meat, I chose sausage, and two eggs any style.  I opted for over easy.The order was done quickly.  I am not a connoisseur of biscuits and gravy.  In fact, I can't remember the last time I ordered this.  The biscuit was OK.  I'm not sure if it's supposed to be house made but I'm pretty sure it wasn't.  There was nothing special about it.  The gravy was OK, too, with a hint of ground pepper.  I'm certainly glad I didn't order the breakfast with two biscuits.  The sausage was two links that were sliced horizontally and grilled.  The eggs were done over easy.All in all, breakfast was OK.  I should have stuck with an omelette or Benedict--my usual go to breakfast dishes.  But, I'll never know what they're like because I won't be back.  When I paid at the register, the woman asked for my member number.  When I told her I didn't have one, she asked me if I wanted to join their club.  My answer was a polite no.People, when you have three servers covering about 7 tables, it's not hard to bring a carafe of coffee around and offer warm ups or refills.  It should be something you dream about at night.  If one of your two specialties is breakfast and you fail on service for that, there's not much hope for you.
4	I went in the other day me and my wife and the food wss good most DEFF fresh n hott I loved the fact that the gravy wasn't soo salty I hate salty food but verry clean on the inside  I had the chicken fried steak bomb very tasty ;*) fyi there bacon is soo yummy n thick cooked just like  I like it !!!
4	Me and my husband came here Saturday morning because Jamms was too busy and we are so happy we did.I ordered the meat lovers scramble and my husband ordered the southwest scramble. Both of us loved our meal, they do have big servings so be sure to have a apatite when you come here. Their biscuits were great and the chorizo was good quality and they weren't stingey with the chorizo either. Also our servers were very friendly and attentive. We will definitely be returning here for breakfast again. It won't be long before this place will be constantly packed.
1	This place is horrible.10.50 for a lunch menuThe food was like it came out a box.if you think this place is a bargain or at all good you need to get out more often.i ordered the Mac n cheese and it really looked as if it came out of a box and a few foofy thing all over it.after I sent it back I just ask for a soup.im writing this cause I've since been sick all day and it's now 11:30 at night and I'm violently ill.my son ordered the fish and chips and neither him are I are a that picky.he took it home and threw it away.long John silvers has bigger and crispier fish that that place.this is Vegas where we know between good and bad food.and this place is bad.i never get this sick from food but here I am.RUN THE OTHER WAY!
5	I love this place. I had the french toast. Literally the best I have EVER had. Staffis good. Marlene, the manager, super sweet. Price is good. Really clean. I have found my favorite breakfast place.
4	It's nice to see a menu that covers a broad enough range to make everyone happy. My group ordered our individual meals but shared family style so we could sample all this new place had to offer. Their corned beef was made in house and shredded. It was slightly seasoned and needed salt and pepper. I like that though since many times I have ordered and it was just too much salt.They're sweet potato pancake was really good. Light and fluffy but not too sweet.  My only real complaint is the gravy they use for their biscuits. It tastes more like a chowder than a gravy. It could use more sausage too. Our servers were great. They came by very 7-10 minutes and offered us refills for our coffee and even gave us a to-go cup when we were settling our bill. I was also surprised by how busy it was on a Monday morning.
4	I stopped in for a light lunch and was favorably impressed by the place.  It's a nice, clean, well-lit dining room.  The wait staff was friendly and there was no waiting for service.  I ordered the half salad with soup and cornbread.  The salad was a nice combination of mixed greens.  The cornbread was a huge chunk that could easily have been shared among 4 diners.  The reason I'm giving them only a 4 star rating is that the chunky pot roast soup was too salty for me.  When my server checked back with me I told her about the saltiness.  She apologized and offered to bring a bowl of their chicken noodle soup instead.  That was too salty for me as well.  It may be that I'm just too sensitive to salt.  Whatever, they were very accommodating and asked what they could offer instead.  Since I'd pigged out on all that salad and the yummy corn bread, I was no longer hungry.  So they took the cost of the soup off my bill.  I don't consider my personal sensitivity to salt to be any fault of my server.  Accordingly, I added the cost of the soup to her tip.  I was a satisfied customer when I left, and I'll definitely be back to try something from their breakfast menu.
5	This place is super. It's has great big windows and plenty smiles to go around. The staff is very helpful and the food was great. I had the sweet potato pancakes which rocked and tasted the biscuits gravy which were also way above par. The place is clean. Well staffed. Good food and near my house which makes it a 5 star place for me !
5	Food is very fresh, staff was pleasant. Think I found a new place to eat. I would recommend it. I was pleasantly surprised and always look to help other small business owners. Good lLuck
4	Sat down at 850; drinks came up right away from the man in a pink shirt, which might have been the manager. Great drink service.About 15 MINUTES after; the waitress took our order, which didnt add up since there were around 5 to 6 servers for about 8 to 9 tables.  Food came out very quickly, which made up for the slow order taking.   Update: the man in the pink shirt is the owner/manager.  He was very attentive and very willing to hear our feedback, which explain the fast drink service.  In addition, we found out the lady pushing her staff behind the glass was the wife of the owner.   Kinda like the urgency she enforce to her kitchen staff.   I also love the idea of having an open kitchen where you can see everything that is going on behind the scene. My wife ordered the Joe's Special that was made into a burrito.   Excellent! I had the simply pick three, which was like everywhere else.   I did make the mistake of ordering egg whites and forgot to tell the waitress I wanted country egg whites and not from a carton.  Oh well.My kids ordered the kids special.  Fyi, drinks are not included.  Buyer beware. All in all this place is very spacious, and does a good job in catering to their customers.
2	I had high hopes for this place.  My waitress was dreadful and they weren't that busy.  I had to wait for a menu, coffee and to be served.  She virtually ignored me.  There was a lot of food.  The corn beef hash was good.  But only some of the food was hot.  Please get milk or cream in little pitchers.  Whatever brand of packaged creamers you use are not good and are hard to open.  The waitress knew that I had creamer on the table, on me and on the seat trying to open the package.  I don't know what is in those things but the creamer left a film on the table, the bench and me!  She didn't bring anymore napkins and didn 't offer to help clean up the mess.  The other waitress seemed nicer and checked up on her customers.  I don't know if I will be back.
5	Food was amazing. The portions were huge. The staff was right on time. What more can I say.
5	Clean, open, friendly, can't rave enough about them! They have an awesome,varied menu, and the pancakes/French toast/waffles come with FRESH fruit, NOT compote! The waffle was crisp outside, moist inside, and the fruit was pertfect! The coffee is mellow, and refilled oftened. There are flavored creamers, and even Caramal Machiotto flavor! Everyone enjoyed thier food, There is a one buscuit with gravy,egg, and bacon or sausage that was perfect for smaller appetites. The server and manager are freindly, but NOT overbearing. I really enjoyed everything about this place. Everything.
2	I only went there one time and that was more than enough for me.  This place used to be a cici's pizza a dozen did not remodel much. Open kitchen which felt weird to me.  They had a soda machine if the middle of the restaurant not in the back.  The service was fast and friendly. Food came fast but the quality was not great the Bacon was chewy almost like it was sitting under a heat lamp. I love biscuits and gravy but good lord what they gave me was an abomination.   The gravy was decent but loaded with oregano?  That's pretty odd.  And the biscuit tasted like flour and water.  It honestly tasted like the "bread" from the military mre's.   No bueno
4	So yummy! I had the almond crusted French toast and my girlfriend had the apple sausage breakfast combo. The French toast was so good! A new spin on the classic favorite. The bacon was delicious and thick cut. Her sausage was tasty and the biscuit and jelly were really good! I'm glad it opened and is just around the corner from the house. Everyone was super friendly and the owners came by to say hi as well. We will definitely be back!
3	I tried them for lunch and wasn't impressed.  Now I decided to give them another try, this time for breakfast.  After all, you'd expect a place called the Biscuits Cafe to have great biscuits.  The facility is clean and well lit and the staff is friendly.  It was rather busy, but service was fast and I got my coffee without any delay.  I ordered ham & eggs with hash browns and biscuits.  I HAD to try the biscuits!  The food was not bad, but it wasn't all that good either.  My waitress checked back several times and I was offered refills on my coffee, which made me happy. As for the biscuits......I was told that they made them there in their kitchen.  I find that difficult to believe.  They seemed more like something you buy readymade but unbaked, then pop into the oven so you can say they are baked on site.  I'm sorry folks, but I expected better biscuits from a place that is named for them. The 3 star rating is for the prompt and friendly service, since the food rated no stars with me.
5	Fabulous food with a fantastic price. The staff can't be beat! They are the best. They are very attentive and kind! I will miss them since I am moving to Texas. This is a restaurant I wish I could take with me.
5	Everything is so good and fresh. It starts with good ingredients. Everyone is friendly and the service is great.
5	What a great find. Great food an amazing service... My husband an I saw this place while looking for new places to eat in our area but at the time it was closed. So we decided this morning to go there and have breakfast and try it out. We were so glad we did. I had the cinnamon roll french toast which was amazing and he had eggs benedict which was also very good. We also had a side of the biscuits and gravy which I thought were great. The service was exceptional, always making sure everything was okay and our coffee cups were full. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone.  With It's great food and exceptional service we will definitely be regulars here. So if you haven't tried this place yet I definitely say go what are you waiting for.
4	Friendly staff with a large dinning section compared to a Egg Works.  The Cinnamon Roll French Toast was really good.  The Country Benedict was also really good however the eggs and hash browns were I felt average at best.  The pricing is on par for the service and quality of food.
4	Went to Biscuits Cafe this morning for breakfast. The place had a nice atmosphere. Could use a little more in terms if decor.. Couldn't tell if they were going for a more modern look or home cafe look.. They are stuck somewhere in the middle. Service was good, but not GREAT. They never refilled our drinks and they forgot the pancakes I ordered with my meal, so it took a while to get them and even though they were fresh when I got them, I was already pretty full.. Over all their food was pretty good. We got the country fried steak breakfast and the Country Omelette breakfast. I am assuming it is because we both ordered "country" breakfasts that 70% of our meal was smothered in gravy.. BUT it was really good gravy so I can't complain!!  I got the biscuits by accident but I tasted one with their raspberry jam, and DAMN THAT JAM WAS GOOD!! And they must KNOW they've got some damn good jam b/c they sell it by the front register.The only issue I had with the food is that with a name like Biscuits Cafe their namesake could have been a little more.... Epic, but they were alright.. We've been trying to get here for breakfast since they opened a couple months ago, glad we finally did. I recommend them as a breakfast spot if you are wanting a good breakfast for reasonable prices and don't want to do a run of the mill Denny's or IHOP...
4	We recently moved to this part of town and decided upon first seeing the moniker that we were absolutely going to eat at this restaurant! We ordered an all egg whites veggie omelette und eine Belgian waffle. We both had coffee. Overall, I really like the place. I was happy that they put cream cheese inside of the omelette because it made it taste so good!The coffee mugs were gigantic and it was so good because I really wanted to guzzle some coffee today :-) it wasn't that busy, and I think that's why our waitress kept checking back.My only complaint is that I really really like visiting places of business with a multicultural staff. This place might be new and they might just be working with the first staff they could find, so I hope to come back and see many different types of employees to represent the many different types of clients in this world :-)
5	My family and I have been here several times for breakfast.  We live fairly near by, but we would travel pretty far to enjoy a meal here.  Friendly service, great food and a big variety.  I especially love their homemade raspberry jam served with toast and biscuits.  I've had the country omelette with the gravy - wonderful!
5	My boyfriend and I took a total gamble on this place and it paid off!!! He Loves biscuits and gravy, so I just did a random search of biscuitsandgravy in Vegas and found this place.  So I'm thinking if they named this place biscuit cafe they must have some good biscuits. And boy do they! From the entry service was Great! Every one was friendly. The manager even stopped by and chatted with us for a few and was very happy that we drove all the way from south point just to get a taste. And they did not disappoint. The food was so good and fresh. We got our food very fast and the place was Full. The biscuitsandgravy were awesome. Fresh homemade jam, eggs fluffy I can just go on and on. We already know what we're gonna order the next time we go! It's so worth the drive!
5	I was very pleased with this business. The service was great, the food was high quality and extremely delicious. I agree with many of the other reviewers about this business needing to get more attention... but also fearing that it will be too busy then!  The raspberry jam was my favorite!My only recommendations would be to have more non-pork options, especially the biscuits and gravy, and to add Stevia to the sweetener options.
4	Man, do I love a good breakfast spot. Biscuits Cafe, you are a good breakfast spot.My dining experience at BC was a home run. My only regret was that I did not try the coffee which would have made my review complete. I will definitely have to go back and include an addendum.A colleague of mine and I hit up BC for a quick bite while on lunch break. When we walked in I quickly noticed the place felt fresh. All of the decor was simplistic, clean and appeared new. I was very surprised at how big the restaurant was as well. We were quickly greeted by one of the smiling waitresses and seated. I opted for the Country Benedict and my colleague went for the Chicken Fried Chicken. When our entrees arrived I could not believe the portion sizes that were heaved onto our plates! There was probably enough gravy on my plate to fill my water cup. No complaints here! The quality of the food was par for my expectations and my colleague's as well, and the price seemed just right. The servers were also really on top of their game and not overly attentive.Next time you're craving some breakfast, do yourself a favor. Skip Denny's and IHOP and give Biscuits Cafe a shot.
5	I had the biscuits and gravy with bacon. Gravy was very good and tasty. Food was hot. Almond crusted French toast was very good. Syrup made the toast very sweet. We enjoyed a nice breakfast out
5	We love this place! Amazing service, delicious food,  large portions and a great rewards program (so easy too, just an email address!)
5	Bring your appetite!!! I am a big guy and I couldn't finish my ultra delicious Southwest Scramble which came with two large fluffy pancakes!!! My wife had the breakfast tacos which looked good and my wife said tasted good but would only do bacon in the future. I would give 4.5 if possible as the food is really tasty but is more traditional and less outside the box. The restaurant is clean and well put together. Seems like a traditional breakfast diner/cafe. Lots of business type people here for lunch. Overall 4.5 stars (rounded up) for great food, huge portions, excellent service, a clean restaurant with a nice atmosphere. Super impressed, we will be back!!
5	We found this place right when it opened and no longer go anywhere else for breakfast. This place is top notch.
4	If you know how to look, Las Vegas is famous for "locals only" funky spots tucked into a shopping malls. And this Breakfast place is just that. When I am in the mood to go out for breakfast, I want "Diner Style"- big, hearty, classic and delicious. I have eaten at Biscuits many times and have never been disappointed.Sausage Benedict- YUM! My partner says the Sweet Potato pancakes are the best he has every had! The scrambles are really good too!
5	The food was delicious and the staff was amazing. Great little place to satisfy your hunger!!!
5	This place is awesome! My husband and I brunched here after church today and we had a wonderful experience. We were sat in a timely manner and the food was delish! They definitely have the best biscuit and gravy I've ever had in Vegas. It's not salty not tastes less, but instead just right. They do however need to staff more servers because they place is starting to get really busy.
1	I am a corned beef hash guy and I know how hard it is to find good hash in a restaurant.  believe me, it's hard.  that being said, CBH is on the menu at Biscuits so I decided to try it.  let me also say that I rarely find that a restaurant's "homemade" CBH is anywhere close to as good as the stuff you can buy in the can.  Biscuits is no exception.  if all you want is a huge plate of food you will actually like Biscuits (in that respect it is very similar to hash house a go-go.  actually, both are equally poor on quality).  back to the CBH.  it's not really hash.  it's more like a pile of dried up shredded meat on top of some under-cooked, under-seasoned potatoes. truly gross.  after 2 bites I had had enough.  the server asked if I liked it and I said "no".  she laughed and asked if I wanted a box.  of course I said no.  I wouldn't feed it to my dog.  and, of course, she left it on the bill.  fair enough.  for that, I give my review and rating and promise to never set foot in the place again.
5	Menu is fabulous different variations of standard breakfasts' dishes.  Homemade biscuits and jams. Perfectly prepared egg dishes. Light fluffy pancakes. I had the fresh blueberry pancakes...perfect!  Not your tiny coffee cup, no, no. A real coffee mug. Family operated. Warm, friendly fast service. Will be back again!
5	I keep forgetting to rate this place even though we come here a lot. Great service, great food.  I am currently in love with the Joe's scramble, but everything I have tried has been awesome.  What's also great is that if you have a large party they can actually accommodate them here, we just called 30 minutes before and they were fine with us showing up with 12 people.  The Biscuits rewards program is absolutely worth signing up for as well.  We will definitely be coming back here for many years to come.
5	Totally love this place!! Enormous menu, which is usually a turn off, but everything looked so delicious that I actually wanted to order it all! Staff was friendly and attentive, our server Jocelyn was great! :) Our food came out very fast and it was so yummy! I had the Almond Crusted French Toasts!! OMG!!! So good!!! I will be back many, many more times! :)
4	I was in Las Vegas for the weekend with a friend and he suggested that we give this place a try. I'm glad we did, it was a pleasant surprise. We went in for breakfast around 10:00 AM on Sunday morning and it was busy, but not packed. We were quickly seated in a large booth and served coffee right away in an oversized coffee mug. We didn't have to wait too long before our waitress took our orders.The menu had great selections for breakfast and of course their specialty...biscuits & gravy. I ordered the  Black Oak Kielbasa that came with two eggs, choice of hash browns or red potatoes and choice of biscuits, toast or pancakes. I had my eggs over easy, hash browns and of course biscuits. When my food arrived I was pleased that the food was prepared just right. The biscuits were very warm and seemed fresh out of the oven. The Kielbasa was tasty and the biscuits were definitely good! Overall, my friend and I enjoyed our breakfast...we had no complaints with either the food or service. The restaurant set-up was very spacious, bright and clean. They even have newspapers available for the customers to read. In addition, it's located in a nice area of town in a strip mall...so parking is plentiful & convenient. Check out the photos I posted...As a side note, we liked it enough that we went back the following day for breakfast again...we were in the area & it was just convenient. It was a Monday morning around 9:00 AM. It wasn't busy and our waitress was very attentive. My friend and I both ordered the French Toast Combo and we both felt that the French Toast was good. The next time I'm back in LV, I plan on having breakfast here again.
1	Way overpriced tiny portions service is very weird there.
5	Awesome food, great service and very convenient. The biscuits & gravy are amazing. I like that there's not a lot trendiness in this place. No duncy kids in silly outfits catering to weirdo hipster wannabes, just cool people serving great food.
5	Service was friendly and food is fantastic.  The preparation of food is consistent and they have the best hash browns in Summerlin.
4	Went here for lunch last week and the food was great and plentiful. The reason for 4 stars and not 5 is they seemed to have some issues with service. Not that the service was bad, they just seemed to be a bit overwhelmed and it really was not that busy. If you have a limits time for lunch like I do I do not recommend this place because as their Moto says they don't make fast food they make good food as fast as they can. So if your looking for good food but not in a hurry I recommend going here.
4	This place doesn't waste time; they get your food out to you fast! I think this place has the best Country Benny (benedict) in Las Vegas. Their cinnamon roll lacks sugar or cinnamon flavor, so it's a little disappointing, but only $3.99! Their sausage is thick and tastes fresh from the farm, which is truly what makes their Benny so yum. Their entree portions are huge and potato sides are equally large.Still not THE place for breakfast, but I'll be back again for biscuits and gravy.
5	Good variety of foods. They give you a lot of food. Service is fast. Great location too. Always pack on weekends
2	Went on a Sunday morning about 10am. It was clearly busier than the staff and kitchen crew are able to handle. The place was packed but the tables were not full. It took a while to order and then the order was not correct when it came to the table. The appetizer cinnamon roll never came, my drink was not refilled and my pancake was burnt (black). The hash browns needed some love and my french toast seemed old. I hope they get their act together, it has the right ingredients to make it happen.
5	Excellent!  Huge portions, they scrambled my eggs  soft (perfectly), the potatoes were seasoned just right & my Belgium waffle was delicious!  My husband loved his scramble which was loaded with meat & their biscuits were so good!  Can't wait to come back, thanks Kelly for great service!
5	We got the chicken fried chicken & that was delicious along with their gravy, red potatoes were nicely seasoned!!! We also got the 5 mix waffle combo with turkey bacon & boy is the jam good!!! Server was very sweet & let me try the gravy before we ordered, Great Place!!!!
2	Two stars only because my sister liked her food. Ordered red potatoes with biscuits and turkey bacon. Turkey bacon was as hard as a rock, biscuits were okay! Nothing to have a restaurant named after them. Red potatoes were still hard. Then half way through there was a hair in my dish, not to mention the soggy strawberries they charge as a full side! No thanks!!
5	This was the best experience...loved the service and the food. By far one of the best breakfasts I've had in Vegas. Avocado Benedict is off the charts. The rest of my group enjoyed their food as well...BLT, club sandwich and eggs Benedict were all excellent!
5	Best breakfast ever! Had the Country Omlette, so delicious! Fresh mushrooms, green peppers, onions, and diced red potatoes.  Loaded with cubes of tender steak and thick bacon.  The best part was the topping with a thick country sausage gravy!Also, it came with hash browns which were just okay and homemade strawberry jam.Service was great with frequent visits to the table for topping of coffee and concerns regarding the food.  Also,  pricing is very reasonalbe for the amount of food and  restuarant is very roomy.Definitely coming back here when we are in town again!
4	Feeling a little under the weather this New Years Day, we ventured out to grab a bite... After driving by a few times and reading the reviews, we decided today was the day.. So glad we did!!! It's rare to browse a menu and want to try several things on the menu... But, we did and over ordered just to try some things out...  We both ordered The Biscuits Burger.. This is a first for me... Hamburger, ham, bacon, cheese, egg, tomato, and onion..... Holy moly, this was super messy and delish!!  Our toddler ordered Mac & Cheese that came with a side of garlic toast. She LOVED it, and is super picky when it comes to Mac & cheese.. We also ordered the hash, very good, a biscuit to try their jam... Wow!  And instead of fries I ordered the pot roast soup...The staff is very nice, the restaurant is very clean, and the food is very good.. The only reason they don't get 5 stars is timing of the food, and I will take partial responsibility... All the food came at once, including my soup...  Next time I will ask that my soup, and any extra items we order come out first...
2	My husband went here New Year's Eve and ordered the corned beef hash. He said it could have been cooked more especially the potatoes as it was just warm and before he could finish, it was cold.  We came here this morning (January 3, 2015), and I ordered scrambled egg whites (needed to be cooked more), ham and hash browns.  I asked for the hash browns well done, and overall it was just okay.  Husband ordered the pork kielbasa and it was just lukewarm and the hash browns needed to be cooked more. Most of the reviews I read were favorable, but we probably won't be back. Too bad, we were looking for a new breakfast place. Omelet House in Summerlin is way better and very consistent!
3	Service is good food is sub part. I ordered fish n   chips gf ordered huevos ranchers. My plate came with no lemon and a small portion of tartar sauce and fish was over cooked. Huevos ranger's was good but hash Browns were old and overcooked so definitely not made to order.  For the price food should be better. Will come back but not in a hurry
4	Very friendly and clean little cafe. Service was excellent.Food was good, fresh, came out quickly.I had the half Turkey Sandwich w/cup of Tortilla Soup.Soup was excellent.... very nice flavor!Sandwich was also very good... very generous amount of turkey, lettuce, tomato, mayo on wheat. My husband had the BLT.... his sandwich was great!!!! I stole a bite and wish I had ordered the same!The bacon was again very generously given, nice and thick and crispy! Yummy!!!
2	Met my sister and her family here for breakfast.  I was very hungry.  Walked in and saw my sister and family sitting at a table.  We sat right away.  The place was nice. Started talking and notice after 15-20 minutes no one offered coffee, water or juice. Waited another 15-20 minutes still no one came to the table. Finally one of the waitress acknowledged us and that someone would be right with us. Waited another 15-20 minutes and we finally had to ask someone to get someone to wait on us.  The waitress apologized and took our orders. Another 15-20 minutes went by again and we did not get our drinks. We had to ask another waiter. He apologized and got our drinks. After a little wait we finally got our food.  Nice portions, presentation and food tasted great. The wait staff was more attentive because the breakfast crowd slowed and they weren't so overwhelmed. Overall the food was good (biscuts were great)but the service lacked.  I will give them another try and hopefully the service will be much better.
