3	i'm not sure what i love about this place.  but every visit to pittsburgh seems to include a stop by this cheap take-out eatery on the southside.its menu is simple:  pretzels.  you can get a bag of five hot, soft pretzels for $2.  however, the main attraction are its pretzel sandwiches.  the choices vary depending on the day, such as chicken salad, the club, buffalo chicken, tuna fish and more!  that said, the owner is sweet and made me a custom order of buffalo chicken once because of an undying craving.  the price varies based on whats in between the pretzels, but they all seem to be little more than $2.  yes, this place is CHEAP.there's no where to sit down.. and there can be a line during prime lunch hours.  but if you love pretzels, this unique eatery is worth stopping by.
5	This is THE BEST place to eat in Pittsburgh.  I wish I could give this place 10 stars.  I love pretzels!  I love this place.  I love that they won't wait on you if you are talking on your cell phone.  I love that lunch is less than $3.My second favorite food to pretzles is probably rice krispie treats - and they sell those too.  LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!! I am adding some pictures of fresh pretzels!
5	After having had a terrible pretzel from the Reading Terminal in Philadelphia, we happened to park right in front of this shop when we were going to explore Carson Street. You walk in and there are just pretzels behind the counter, kind of like what we're used to seeing with bagel shops here on the West Coast. Each one was $.50. You can't beat it. We shared one since we were on an eating mission and it was a darn good pretzel. Lots of locals inside just grabbing pretzels here and there to go.TY wanted to take some back to LA, so we asked how well they kept. We were told that you could take them back and throw them in the freezer, but since we were homeless, having checked out of the hotel already, we had to forgo any extras.
5	This is one of my most favorite places in Pittsburgh.   I love pretzels and these are way better than the ones from the mall that are dripping in butter.  The pretzel sandwiches are less than $3 and a great lunch - not too much food.  I also like this place because it is one of the few place you can buy rice krispie treats.  This is just a great little neighborhood shop, that makes a great pretzel for an amazing price.  When they had to raise the price to $.50 they even posted a sign apologizing and explaining the price of the ingredients had gone up.  I definitely would put this on my list of places to eat in Pittsburgh.
5	If I had a weakness, it would be the Pretzel Shop.  I'm there all the time!  Even though the shop is tiny and you can't eat inside, there is always a line to get food.  Sandwiches are no more than $3.00 and they have great cookies, muffins and desserts.  Seriously, a couple of slices of meat and cheese between a sliced pretzel NEVER tasted so good.
5	Ok. So you're in the mall (I'm sorry for you, really I am.) you smell that salty baked pretzel smell and suddenly you think going to Auntie Anne's is a good idea. You're wrong. Dead wrong.Hold out for some Pretzel Shop love. The place is not only easy to find being right on East Carson Street in the Southside of Pittsburgh, but it has the absolute cheapest and FRESHEST pretzels ever. The downside, you can't sit down to eat inside and there is always a line. Honestly neither of these deter me as I am perfectly happy being a stoop-dweller and taking up someone else's front steps to eat one of these salty snacks. The line just tells me that it's worth it. The prices literally are rock bottom. Don't miss a chance to get something, even just to take home, from here. Delish.
4	Time to add on more accolades to the Pretzel Shop. Their pretzels are wonderful. For one of the cheapest, tasty lunches around, pick up a pretzel sandwich then head over to a park bench on a nice day and chow down. A few caveats though - 1) They tend to run out. They will reserve pretzels for you if you call in advance, though.2) They close way too early. They should be open till at least 7pm - preferably midnight. I can't imagine the post-bar business they could do on Carson St. As it is, you'd better not get a pretzel craving after 3pm or you'll be out of luck.3) They don't sell chips. If you're the type of person who thinks that sandwiches and chips are made for each other, take the time to stock up on chips elsewhere. As others have said, they have lots of other baked goods including rice krispie treats and seasonal cookies. Personally, I recommend a side of pretzels.
5	As Pittsburgh as Pittsburgh gets.Not as cheap as it once was but I love these pretzel sandwiches.Everyone should stop by and get at least a pretzel. You will love it.Line can be a little long around lunch time but it moves fast.I like the chicken salad pretzel the best.Also get a cinnamon and sugar pretzel.
3	I came here for lunch and ate a pretzel sandwich.A PRETZEL SANDWICH! Whoever came up with this idea is a genius. I didn't even know such a thing existed! Unfortunately the food did not live up to my expectations. I got the buffalo chicken sandwich which really wasn't bad, however the sandwiches are premade and I'm pretty sure the chicken was just a frozen patty.Damn you pretzel sandwich you sounded so good!
5	The Pretzel Shop is a Pittsburgh classic.  I would give the quality of the pretzels 4 stars, but when you factor in the low cost, and quaint set-up- this place gets bumped up to 5 stars.  It's a great place to stop by for a pretzel sandwich on a Saturday, for a breakfast sandwich (any day but Sunday), or to get a ton of soft pretzels on the cheap if you have people coming over.  All in all, the Pretzel Shop is a must-go if you are in the South Side.
5	Cheap, great food, family owned, wonderful employees.  The service is always with a smile.  The daily specials are great and they are conveniently located with extended business hours!
4	If you haven't tried this place and call yourself a pretzel lover, then what the hell are you waiting for? It's a no frills mom & pop place, it's not gourmet so don't expect some fancy schmancy presentation - they are pretzels - delicious, chewy, salty pretzels. Plain and simple!
5	Amazing! Don't waste your time with the sandwiches or pizza--all that stuff just gets in the way of the main event: the pretzel! Best pretzel in the city.  Best anything in the anywhere. Cheap, too. Only complaint: not open late enough.
4	I have only had the pretzel stick, but it was really great! Reminded me of the Philly pretzels of my youth. Pretzel was dense and chewy and they have little packets of brown mustard. Fabulous. The pretzel "sandwiches" they offer look pretty atrocious, but maybe I'm just a pretzel purist.
5	The Pretzel Shop is one of those unique places that every city has. A wonderfully extra thick pretzel cut in half, slathered with sauce, and topped with your favorite pizza toppings, a pretzel pizza, screw the low carb diet!  Or, take the same pretzel, cut it in half and pile on turkey and cheddar, or ham and swiss, and you have a great sandwich with the extra crunch of salt from the pretzel top. What else do you need? Grab a sack full or a dozen or so pizza pretzels take them home, pop them in the oven and you have a great meal for the big game. I love this place!
1	I don't know if it was an off day or the time of day or what the issue was, but I didn't like these pretzels. I had been wanting to come by here for years and finally made it in. The amount of salt on these things was ridiculous. I like salt on pretzels, but this one had too much. After scraping off most of the salt, I went back to the pretzel. It was rubbery, cold, and difficult to get into manageable bites. Think of those microwave pretzels you get from Sam's or Costco. Now overheat one of those pretzels and put it in the refrigerator for an hour. THAT is what my five pretzels were like. I disposed of most of what I bought as inedible.I am going to try one more time and stop in at opening time to see if that makes a difference.
4	Again - this joint is great-  I love the Cheddar and jalapeno - for only 1 dollar it is as cheap as eats get.  You can get a full lunch for $3.25-  Like the fresh pretzel with parm as well as the plain-  not a fan of the cookie and other baked good but other seem to buy them.
5	What a gem. What a treasure. I don't think there are truly enough adjectives to describe this place. The Pretzel Shop is just one of those places you as a Pittsburgher need to go and try out and it's definitely a place for a tourist to visit as well.Being located in the South Side I kind of feel that it gets masked by the 100's of bars which in a way makes it all the more better. It's one of those places that gets better each time you go. It's pretty small so it's easy to miss it but once you walk through those doors it's like your hit pretzel wonderland.My personal favorite is the ham and cheese pretzel sandwich. A pretzel sandwich with real ham, not lunch meat ham, I'm talking Easter Sunday ham. I also love that they heat it up for you. If you're a turkey fan, they have those too. In addition to that they've got your traditional pretzel as well as many other flavors. You really have you pick of many delicious pretzel treats. If you happen to go soon, pick me up their veggie pizza on a pretzel. I've been dying to try it. Just make sure you take cash since they don't take credit/debit cards.
5	Four years after moving to NYC, this is one of two Pittsburgh spots I still yearn for daily.  (The other is Mad Mex.)  I've never tasted another soft pretzel that even comes close.  Dense, salty, doughy, just-barely-underbaked perfection.
5	I felt like The Pretzel Shop and I were star-crossed lovers of some sort. Any time I was ever in the southside and found I was craving some salty-carb action it always seemed to be closed. I would shake my fist at the sky and wonder who wouldn't ever let me have delicious warm pretzely snacks.Then on a chilly but clear Friday I was finally able to make a lunch dash! I grabbed two of the smaller bacon parm pretzels and luckily had some cash on me, as it's a cash only place. While on the salty side, they were DELICIOUS. They weren't warm but it was nothing a quick trip to a warm oven or the microwave wouldn't cure.If you're in the southside around lunch time, and you want to grab a quick snack or meal make sure to stop here.
5	This is basically as good as it gets for a pretzel shop and that's not a bad thing! This place has really taken a creative spin with soft pretzels..they offer all different kinds of flavors and sandwiches..I ordered a breakfast pretzel and it was alright..as a Philadelphia native, I think maybe I'm inclined to enjoy a pretzel by itself rather than topped with a mess of goodness. :) That's just me. Oh..this place was dirt cheap too..I gave her a $20 and got back like $16 and change for 2 pretzels and a sandwich..I was like wait..what? lol
5	Goodness. The shame. I've lived in the South Side for almost two years and just recently made my first venture to The Pretzel Shop. I picked the best day possible - National Pretzel Day - so I got a handful of extra pretzel nugs tossed in my bag as a treat. Score!!! I'm a pretzel junkie, and these delightful little nibbles from the pretzel Gods totally hit the spot. They reminded me of the mall pretzels I used to get; I think the name of the place was "Hot Pretzel" (real original, right?) only a little softer and a bit more yeast-y. They have far more than pretzel nuggets (twists, sandwiches, flavored, traditional), but I got enough to carb out for the day for a whopping $2 or so. And with that, I've sold myself on a return visit tomorrow.
5	Best pretzels in Pittsburgh! They use an Old World recipe and bake the pretzels in a traditional open hearth brick oven. Be sure to get some pretzels after they come out of the oven and are still warm - so good!
4	I may be a hypocrite slightly.  I talk about how much I hate sandwiches.  But I think the epidemic in boring sandwiches turned me off.  I've been meeting more and more unboring sammies lately, which has made me actually start to crave them!I had wanted to stop into The Pretzel Shop for a while and had heard they also serve sandwich and not just pretzels.  They actually have a whole case full of sandwiches and sides.  I opted for the turkey sandwich with horsey dressing on a pretzel bun (dah!).  That pretzel bun... AMAZING!  It was so moist and doughy, and not too salty (which I hate about regular ones).  I also loved the tangy dressing.  It honestly made me want to come back and buy up the whole store of pretzels, that bun was so good!  You could probably buy the whole store for $20 everything is so cheap, cheap, cheap!I'll be back now for my new pretzel sandwich habit, and probably a developing pretzel habit.  All thanks to The Pretzel Shop!
5	I grew up in Pittsburgh but now live in Texas. I always look forward to making my regular trip to The Pretzel Shop. Pick up 30 pretzels and I am good for two weeks. These pretzels are a Pittsburgh staple. Make sure to try the back entrance for a hot baked pretzel!!!
4	Definitely a unique location. If you are feeling adventurous, then you may want to try a pretzel sandwich. The first time I ordered a pretzel sandwich I was completely surprised by the sight. I thought I was going to have an ordinary sandwich with some sort of golden crusted bread; I was very wrong. The bread portion of the sandwich was a pretzel cut in half. The key to a good experience is figuring out how to hold the sandwich so that the contents do not fall out.
5	Mike W. As a life resident of Pittsburgh I grew up eating South Side pretzels outside of Mt. Oliver pool being sold out of a wicker basket.Now I can not go thru South Side without stoping.Not only did I bring my kids there I now enjoy brining my grandson.The pretzel Shop is a must visit frequently.8
2	I know that I'm in the minority... but I really do not like The Pretzel Shop. My co-workers often pick up pretzels from here for birthdays or other office events, and everyone spends the morning raving about how delicious the pretzels are and how they cannot stop eating them. Am I missing something? I just sit quietly at my desk and raise an eyebrow at all this chatter. I've had them at least 5-8 times and cannot say that I've ever enjoyed them. The regular pretzels are either over or under salted (not sure if that is a preference the customer can select or if it's just random), and the cinnamon sugar just taste strange. They often taste very soggy, too, like they were bagged when still too warm. Occasionally, co-workers pick-up the "cheese" sauce. This stuff looks like a melted yellow crayon. I love all types of cheese, but this looks and tastes terrible. Yes, I'm being blasphemous towards a Pittsburgh tradition, I know, but I'm sorry, I'd much rather get a pretzel from Hofbrauhaus or even Auntie Anne's in the mall.
5	The best pretzels in town!When any of my coworkers has to go near the South Side they stop by and get a big bag of pretzels to share with everyone in the office.Not only you get salted or unsalted pretzels but they also have stuffed pretzels and even pizza pretzels. A great place to stop by for a quick and economical lunch/dinner/snack.Here you get quality and price. Don't be fooled by imitations. This place has been open for decades; there's a reason for that.
4	Ordered a chipotle turkey pretzel sandwich. Cash only. $4 with tax. They'll ask if you'll want it warmed up or cold, get it warmed up with all the fixings. A bit messy and they did not include a napkin in the to-go bag so make sure you grab one. Other than that the pretzel was everything I imagined it to be - salty and soft which went well the turkey, tomatoes, lettuce and chipotle sauce.
4	I've been getting pretzels here since I was a little kid and they have always been amazing!
5	This place is staple and one that I frequented when I lived in Pittsburgh.  The pretzels are always fresh, delicious, and inexpensive. They have a veggie pizza (on pretzel) that is amazing and pretzel dogs. They also have a wide variety of flavors for their pretzels and dipping sauces. When I visit, this is one of the "must-go" places for me.You can't go wrong with The Pretzel Shop/
5	I've been going to the Pretzel shop for decades. DECADES! I used to go to the back "door" where the oven is and get the fresh out of the oven pretzels that would burn your hand even through the bag. These are amazing. They've been supplying all of Pittsburgh their soft pretzels since I can remember! A  bag of these taken to give out at work will make you a hero and not cost you an arm and a leg. My daughter lived on the Southside and while we were gutting her house and remodeling, I'd stop here every weekend and order our lunches. The sandwiches are KILLER. You haven't lived till you've had the hot dog wrapped in pretzel dough. And for $1.75 you can splurge for a couple and live like a king! The sausage pretzel sandwich heated while you wait so that it's super tasty is another clear winner! So too is the meatball sandwich roll - for $2.45? Are you kidding me??? A great place to get great food (more than pretzels!) at an outrageous price! You'll love it!Oh yeah, they have pretzels too - flavored ones if you like. How about jalapeno, Cajun, garlic, or parmesan bacon? Spectacular!! But here's a tip, the BEST thing in here is NOT the pretzel. It's the baked goods. Their chocolate gobs are what your mother wishes she could make. Off the chart. Get two - and not to share! You're welcome.
5	This is South Side's gem. I have been eating pretzels from here since I was a kid. Not only do they have awesome pretzels, but they make really good sandwiches as well. Prices are decent and it always feels good supporting local businesses.
5	My Saturday errand-runs just wouldn't be complete without stopping here. The plain pretzels themselves are delicious, but when can have sandwiches it's to-die-for! I've had the chicken club, the veggie pizza, the chicken parm roll (!!!) & even their pasta salad & I've always been satisfied! Their pretzel sandwiches are usually $3.50 (score!!!) & they have all types of variety.. even gyro!BUT my favorite and choice most of the time would be the breakfast ones! goodness that's perfect even at 2pm. I always make sure to bring Bobby a sandwich home for after work because he can't miss out- it's not fair! Update:: Bobby's officially had the Pretzel Shop experience! We don't even care that we have to sit on a random person's stoop for 2 min to scarf it down ;)**They also have a load of different types of cookies and sweets.. & if you thought the pretzel sandwiches were easy on your wallet, wait till you see the cookie prices!! Buy a Pretzel Shop shirt to be super cool walking through the Burgh!
5	Although I pass this place everyday, I limit myself to only stopping once or twice a week. If there is an open parking spot in front of the shop, my car seems to always pull in on its own.Over the years, I think I have tried every sandwich here and they all taste great. My personal favorite is the hot dog pretzel. It is a party in our mouth!Lately, I've only been getting regular pretzels. At 50 cents a piece, how can you go wrong? If you don't like a lot of salt, make sure to tell them "light salt". Lunchtime lines can get a little long and remember they only take cash.
4	small shop with lots of choices.  Sandwich's are very good.
4	This place makes some good chewy pretzels and the prices are ridiculously reasonable.  I liked the pretzels so much that I ate 5 of the 6 I bought within an hour...I was trying to save them for later, but things like this happen when food is addictive and good.
3	Quite a disappointment for us.We went there because of all the great reviews here. The plain pretzels were pretty good, not exceptional as they had been sitting there for a while and not warm but at least they were not greasy like some other mall pretzels can be. Unfortunately the pretzel sandwiches were disappointing. The have all the sandwiches pre- assembled  in the display case and when you order them they microwave them-- which heat them up but made everything soggy. The sausage in my breakfast sandwich was very salty. We were expecting a family version of Bruegger's Bagel or Panera, well this place is not as good. The price, however, was unbeatable in the Southside area. The two of us had a filling breakfast for under $10 though you do get what you paid for. We will not go back and will not recommend it to others.
5	Get me early cuz they go quick! If you get them while they are hot you'll be hooked for sure! Best soft pretzel anywhere!
5	These are the best pretzels in Pittsburgh.  Period.  It's tough to walk by and not pick up some pretzels to take home.I recently used them to help cater a holiday party.  a.) It was only $20 for 50 freakin' pretzels.  b.) They had the order ready on-time.  c.) The pretzels were great as left-overs days later.  Win all around.
3	I heard about this place when I moved to Pittsburgh and everyone said that you had to go there and get Pretzels. Well I did and I don't see why everyone likes it so much. Don't get me wrong the Pretzels are good, but it's not life altering in anyway. My major beef with this place is their breakfast pretzel. It's like a salty sweet soft pretzel that is meant for breakfast. I think they are kind of gross. They seem to use regular table salt and sugar and the salt over powers the sugar and just tastes like a really salty soft pretzel. Which in my mind is not good for breakfast at all. When people at work get them and if I'm really hungry I have to say to myself before taking a bite "salt...it's going to be salty" and then take a bit. Else it takes me by surprise every time. Maybe I'm wrong, so try it for yourself
3	It was really cheap, but just didn't do anything for me when I got the pizza sandwich on a pretzel, of course. Maybe I'll go back and get their regular pretzels.
5	Best pretzels in the Burg!
5	This place is a pittsburgh MUST. I have been coming here for a long time and it just keeps getting better and better. My favorite item of theirs is their cinnamon sugar pretzel-- it is the best around. Their pretzels are soft and it is obvious that they are fresh. Their veggie pretzel is amazing- they have a ton of pretzel sandwiches which are awesome for lunches. Their mini pretzel pieces are so good and super cheap. Their baked items are incredible too! In the fall, I bought soft pumpkin cookies with white icing and they were literally the best pumpkin cookies I've ever had. I walked in the other week and they just had taken out tomato basil pretzels from the oven- oh my goodness... The mozzarella cheese was still melty and the tomatoes were hot- incredible. They also have an adorable back door with limited hours where you can purchase anything from the store plus bags of broken pretzels for a low price. I can go on all day about this place, it's perfect. They are super affordable and always are delicious!
4	One of my favorite things about the pretzel shop is it's homey feel. They've got lots of funny signage about not using your cell phone in the store. Love it!The pretzels are VERY salty and typically served cold. So if you're not into that, you're not going to like it. You can't beat the price. I often times find myself craving a pizza pretzel, which I believe is only $1.75. They're so good. It's a small portion, which some people complain about, but what else could you expect with price? I think it's more than what you pay for, though. Definitely a good value. My only complaint is the hours of operation, but with a small, family owned shop, I guess short hours can be expected.
3	I came here today on a bike ride and picked up a grilled chicken pretzel sandwich with American cheese, lettuce, tomato, and ranch dressing for lunch.  The pretzel "bread" of the sandwich was wonderful--very chewy, savory, and delicious.  The fillings, on the other hand, did not impress me--while filling, they were bland and flavorless. The sandwich was also quite messy to eat, since some of the cheese and dressing had leaked out of it, despite its being wrapped up, and continued to leak as I was eating it.  Usually, two napkins is sufficient for me, but this is one of the few times I wish I'd picked up more of them.In addition to my sandwich, I picked up a peanut butter chocolate chip cookie, which, though small, was tasty and full of chocolate chips.  Together, the sandwich and cookie cost a whopping $4.40 (take that, Subway!).  Service was friendly and efficient.Based on the quality of the pretzel and the cookie, I'd come back here.  Next time, however, I think I'll try one of the regular pretzels, or perhaps a pizza one.  3.5 stars.
5	One of my favorite places in the South Side! The pretzels are delicious and the workers are so nice. Best time to get there is super early in the morning. If you drive around to the back ally  behind the building you can catch them right after the pretzels are taken out of the oven. So many great memories of driving down and picking up some pretzels before an early morning road trip.
5	Only 50 cents for a warm and soft pretzel--worth every penny! The pretzel shop is such a charming little place that is perfect for grabbing a quick snack or light lunch. There are original salted pretzels (50 cents), flavored soft pretzels ($1), pretzel sandwiches ($3) and various fresh pastries. Cheap and delicious all in one package! I highly recommend giving this place a try if you're a carbs lover in the Southside area!Also as a side note, they will heat up your pretzel if you request them to. Warm pretzels are the best!
1	Here's the truth. There is no inside seating, and the outside seating is limited to two small tables on a noisy, high traffic street. The pretzels were all cold - even the ones we asked them to heat. Service was also "cold" and unhelpful, and the cashier seemed as though we were bothering her by asking questions.I had a chicken salad sandwich on a pretzel bun ... Nothing special. My husband had a cheeseburger roll that was cold, even though he asked that it be heated.  We had to ask for dipping sauce as it was not offered to us.This is a place to maybe pick up some pretzels to take home and heat up ... Definitely not a lunch place as some have suggested.
5	Love this place! Inexpensive. Great for a quick snack mid day. And they have a huge variety of items on their menu
5	Wonderful place. They gave a donation to our fundraiser. Great owners and delicious pretzels.
5	I don't go here as often as I used to, which is a shame.The Pretzel Shop is another Pittsburgh Institution. Made on the premises in large quantities, you can also buy a ton for very little. It makes places like Auntie Anne's look like amateurs. The pretzels taste great, and taste even better when you take home a full bag of 'em to eat later.The sandwiches I've had here have been enjoyable as well. I usually get the sweet sausage pretzel sandwich or the open faced veggie pretzel. They're both tasty faves and I never had one of either that I felt was not up to scratch. The various cookies and other pastries they sell here are also quite good.I've never seen The Pretzel Shop not busy. When I've gone in and it's been relatively empty, it only took about ten seconds before there were four or five people behind me. I've based trips to the South Side specifically to go here. It's one of a kind and deserves its reputation. Now if I can just get back to regular trips there once again.
5	I've heard great things about this place! However, when we got there it didn't look like anything special, so we just got 4 regular pretzels (60 cents each!!) and went home. This was quite possibly the best pretzel I have ever eaten in my life. And it was cold. I wanted to drive back and get more! I definitely recommend this place if you love a quality pretzel.
