5	This place is way too awesome! The grand opening was march 27! The pad thai burger was a great concept, love how warm the buns are and they do not use traditional buns! The sauce is very eclectic and flavorful with a hint of sweetness! The teriyaki burger was just as good, burger with caramelized onion, shitake mushrooms.  This place is actually opened by a vietnamese american. Such an amazing concept, i thought the asian fusion burgers at cowfish were not that authentic. Awesome decoration, I think ambiance is just almost as important as food when a restaurant is trying to convey specific feelings. I think this place will definitely thrive in charlotte, seeing that the asian population is not that large, it serves to please the crowd by stepping away from a traditional asian restaurant but instead turns a a burger place into something ethnic.
4	Well, well. Look what's made it's way off of Woodlawn. Not just your average burger joint, but one with a twist. Made it in for a late lunch on opening week and, from a food perspective, have to say this place has some serious potential. Stopped in to dine solo, which I never do, just to sample the menu. I'm glad I did. It's a simple interior. Nothing special, some kitschy decor, ample seating...nothing too daring. Seated, drink in hand, menu in hand, and food ordered. Went with the Ahi Tuna Burger. Dude. I've never seen anything like this sucker. Bun made from sticky rice wrapped in a rice paper. Talk about innovative. It held up well through over bite. Great blackened Ahi tuned, sprouts, avocado, and a killer ponzu sauce for dipping/pouring over the monstrosity. The flavors were magic. Though, the rice "bun" did end up being super filling. Served with "shrimp chips." I've had these before and love them. If you've never seen them/had them, think pork rinds, but sans the porky flavor. Dip em into the ponzu and listen to them crackle! So gnarly. Biggest downside is by far the "wait to be seated" and "wait to be served" atmosphere. Think they'll be better off with ordering at the counter, seating done by the guest, and then having numbers on the table. The service just seemed a little disjointed.The pricepoint is a little steep. $14 for my burger. There are a few items that are closer to the $10 range. This place has some serious potential. My interest has been seriously piqued. Will I be back? Big time. Next time, it's beef all the way.
5	Overall it was wonderful food.  The shrimp fries were only a hit with five out of ten of us.  I really enjoyed my teriyaki chicken sandwich and the burgers were a hit across the table.  It has a great atmosphere with a relaxing water feature and NO tv's to interrupt dinner conversation.
5	I was counting the days until this place opened, because if it's anything like the famed Bachi burger (which they were inspired by) in Las Vegas, this place would be a HIT.  It's solely Asian influenced burgers (and some noodles) and it does NOT disappoint. First off, don't let the plain decor deter you.  They just opened and I think they've got a few interior design changes planned. Just get to the food. My husband and I got the pad Thai burger and the kalbi burger.  One with Nom Nom chips (which I suggested to the owner, Tung, be changed to shrimp chips so people know what they are) and the other with fries. Can I just start off by saying FINALLY a place that serves shrimp chips?  If you haven't had them before, they're pretty much a staple of an Asian household.  Little hard discs that get deep fried and morph into these puffy, airy, salty shrimpy yum yums of joy.  To the burgers.  The first thing you'll notice is how soft and squishy and AWESOME the bun is.  Total butter grilled, and I was told took a long time to source perfectly.  The meats were definitely marinated in different sauces and the toppings complimented the burgers perfectly.  Real kimchee and wakame (seaweed) and fried egg on the kalbi, and on my pad Thai, I got cucumbers (instead of bean sprouts) and carrot shavings.  Both were juicy and so flavorful, we strongly considered ordering a 3rd burger to split. The owners had/have sushi restaurants in the Lake Norman area and different parts of Charlotte, but wanted to do something different.  One of the 3 owners I met said she was concerned Charlotte wouldn't be ready for this kind of concept.  I agree with the other two owners though, and strongly believe if they keep dishing up delicious, creative burgers, Charlotte will embrace them like natives. Can't wait to go back and try more!
3	A little rough for our first visit, but I will definitely be returning to give them another go.The first people in on a Sunday, we ordered some waters and the tuna tartar, pot stickers were a first choice but our server couldn't tell me if they were made in house or not (and for 6 bucks I can buy a whole bag of frozen ones at the store). My water came with not sure how old celery fibers glued to the inside of the glass, oh well. The tartar comes pre-portioned on fried wontons, nice, but kind of made me wish I was eating eez/cowfish's nachos. As we waited for our meal I started to watch the kitchen, one employee was on the phone behind the line, and another (he seemed to be the manager) was definitely eating something while assembling our food. Not the best etiquette for an open kitchen, or any kitchen, but I guess they didn't think the only table in the restaurant would notice.I ordered the tuna burger, it was good, but waaaaaay too many sprouts. My tuna looked like they had attempted to sear it before the cooking surface was hot enough, so there wasn't much texture to it, or any blackening, but the flavor was still nice. My dining partner ordered the Kalbi burger. He asked for it medium rare, it definitely arrived almost medium well, super juicy though, and still really tasty! I was torn between the tuna and the banh mi so I asked for a bit of the pickled veg to satisfy that craving... definitely sweeter than expected, and didn't really pack the vinegar punch, but they may just taste perfect with the rest of the burger.As for the decor... well while our server wasn't tending to us she was helping glue mirrors on the wall, and the bathroom art definitely wasn't made by anyone skilled in the art of craft adhesives, unless large globs of dried glue all over was the point. Oh well.Loved the krupuk over fries decision, and definitely enjoyed the flavor combinations, so ill be back to try more!
3	Tried this place out today for the first time. I would give it a 2.5 stars, for it was just okay. Bathroom was clean and modern. Service was okay and I could tell who were the better servers. Some people are not cut out for waitstaff. Owner walked around a lot and asked patrons how were things. This a plus. The teriyaki chicken burger was tasty despite not very salty. This was a pleasant surpise considering the sodium in teriyaki sauce. The burger came on rice buns which was unique. Prices were pretty good and menu is limited. I think on a future visit, I will try the Pad Thai burger.
4	Awesome food and service.
5	Awesome burgers. Great place.  Can't wait to go again!!
5	Nom Nom....more like Yum Yum. Haha ok sorry. But it's really, really delicious.Small stuff first: the manager came over to say hello and check in on us, and our waiter was so friendly.We got two burgers. I got the Pad Thai burger....nice slaw, not too sweet, very unique flavor. Not overpowering. Hubby got the Nom Nom burger, which he thought was phenomenal. Both burgers were perfectly cooked....little bit of pink on the inside and not dried out. The buns were good too.The burgers came with shrimp chips which were really tasty; I've had them before but these had more flavor. We also ordered the jalapeno fries....MMMMM. Really spicy jalapenos and a garlic ailoi on the side. Perfectly twice cooked fries!All in all, awesome burgers and we can't wait to go back!
5	The quality of the hamburger meat??  AWESOME!!  My burger tasted like it had been grilled outdoors over an open fire.  DELICIOUS!!  I'm proud of you, Tung!
4	The menu is short and sweet with many types of burgers (fish, chicken, beef, duck) inspired by many different food cultures (Thai, Korean, Japanese, American, Chinese). The sauces are made in-house. The garlic fries are just the right amount of garlicky. The staff was very pleasant and all seemed to be enjoying their work, which plays well into the light and casual atmosphere. The beef patties have the delicious grill flavor of a backyard cookout.
4	Nom nom nom nom! Had the chance to try this place on a rain Sunday evening. Maybe it was because the weather but the place was dead. I was no expecting such an empty restaurant for this popular brand new place. I really like the atmosphere at Nom Nom. Clean and sleek.The menu is a bit small but I think that is a good thing. When you have fusion menus things can get out of hand fast! The food was delicious! I had the Nom Nom burger. Couldn't get all the flavors of ALL the toppings on the burger but it all worked well. My fiance ordered the Peaking Duck...... on STEAMED BUNS!!!! So good! I thought the portion size on that dish was very small. You  get more bun than meat.Going back to the atmosphere, as I mentioned before the place was slow. The server was extremely nice and attentive. They have an open kitchen so you can see everything that he cooks are doing. Being that I'm in the industry and manage kitchens it bothers me when you can see employees goofing off, standing around, etc.I will be back to try more of Nom Noam's great fusion burgers!
3	Great location, great owners, and yummy food.Food: 3/5 .. I have experienced better burgers. This one didn't really 'wow' me. Just average. The sweet potato fries were delicious. Atmosphere: 2/5 .. quiet, which is fine, but a little too quiet and plain inside. The owners were very friendly and my waitress was great. If there was more lively deco and possibly a bar, this place would be a great hangout for lunch breaks. Menu 2/5... very small menu. I almost felt overwhelmed when asked what I wanted because I felt like there weren't that many options. Overall I was happy eating here, but again, average place in my opinion. I would suggest everyone to give this place a shot. They are fairly new so I am curious to see how things will unfold for Nom Nom! Hopefully they will do great! I'll return later in the year to see if there is anything new/different!
3	I give them a lot of props for creativity. However, I feel like the two I've tried lacked flavor and that 'umph' you're expecting. I feel like reading the description was more mouth watering than the real thing. I've had the Ultimate Veggie Burger and Superstition, which is their fish burger but it was more of a sandwich, since it's a fillet between two hamburger buns, not fish meat shaped into a burger patty. Like I've mention, both were bland. I did enjoy the shrimp chips that come with each entree instead of fries. Atmosphere and decor does not match what the food and menu portray. Hopefully they're working on it to give it a more current and fresh vibe they are going after.
5	I would rate this 6 stars if I could. I absolutely love this place! One of my favorite places for a burger in the city of Charlotte. First time I tried it I loved it so much I went back 3 times the first week.They really nail the fusion, and imo this place is a good bit better than similar places like Cowfish, even though Nom Nom is a bit cheaper. Literally every burger is amazing! The buns they use are perhaps the best I've ever tasted. Nice and buttery, soft but not soggy. I wish I could buy these these in a store, I'd never get anything else.My favorite burger is probably the Peeking Duck (insane! must try this, so unique) and the Nom Nom Burger.... or maybe Pad Thai burger. Really though every single burger I've gotten from here (I've tried about half the menu so far) has been better than 95% of burgers served in Charlotte.... Really unique flavors that pair well with a burger. And if you get the shrimp chips BE SURE TO GET THE DIPPING SAUCE! It's a must! The shrimp chips, for whatever reason crackle and pop when you dip it in the sauce. Once you try the sauce I assure you you'll never get the fries again.
3	This is my second time back, and seeing that it has been almost 2 months since my initial visit, I am having some second thoughts about this place. It is located by where the ex- Jason's Deli used to be, and before that was Mama Fu's. Both of these places did not last long, oh wait, I think for a while an Asian place was there too(much like Mama Fu's), call something Wok. Anyway, I don't know if it's the cost of the rent or location or the demographic that usually come to this location but other businesses have been having a hard time surviving at the exact same retailer Nom Nom is at now. It's hard to know whether this place will make it, there are an abundance of well known sandwich places nearby in the same shopping center, Bruggers across the street, Which Wich, and the FAMOUS chick-fi-la. Something about the Japanese American concept usually flows better with restaurants, a Vietnamese American concept though, I am not sure if people can understand. But I still really appreciate the creativity of the owner. Our server, at first she was a little awkward. She showed up and seemed a bit unprofessional, maybe it's her quirky personality? She was brushing off something on her shirt while she was asking if we knew what to order for drinks. Speaking of drinks, they need to either bring a bar in here or make smoothies and milkshakes. Just the regular water, sprit, coke and lemonade will not cut it. Shakes and burgers are synonymous, and we all know if you want to draw people in you need something fun and a better atmosphere that is more like a happy hour place. Alcohol can definitely do that. Most of all, this place looks like it has a smaller budget. The owner is cooking the food, acting as a waiter and hostess all at once. When we were there, there were 3 other waiters and one other person in the kitchen. The ambiance is very plain. I think they need so cool burger graphics, some mood lighting or something because the deco does not scream burger to me. Most people who were dining in there seems a bit lost about the menu. I think the waiters need to be trained better to be more energetic and do a better job at describing what each item is. The food, as someone on here said under a picture caption looks better than they tasted. This time around I got the deluxe veggie burger and the peking duck. My veggie burger lacks favor majorly. It needs a kick. The pecking duck burger was ok but doesn't really have much filling on the inside, it was like eating a half empty soft taco. This place needs to step up its game, otherwise it will be swallowed by Cowfish(which seems to be doing pretty darn well now almost 4 years later). I don't know the whole vietnamese palate will float with the American crowd(the majority of the diners here). Their burgers are pricy enough you want to demand more. For $8-$14 a burger, I think I can go to a fancier restaurant and get a much better bite. The concept is there, the presentation is there but this place lacks oophm. Trying to serve fancy burgers at an ambiance that is like a burger joint might not float...
5	Love this place. The Peking duck us amazing. The service is great and the atmosphere is fun. I love the Asian inspired burgers
5	My mouth is watering just thinking of this place! What a flavor savvy burger joint!I ordered the Pad Thai burger while hubs got the Kalbi burger. It was a toss up on which was was better; they both were so different and flavorful. The garlic string fries and the sweet potato fries are a nice side. Service is friendly and attentive. I enjoyed the warm greeting upon arrival.It's in a great location on the corner of Park and Woodlawn. When the weather is nice, the patio is a perfect way to spend the afternoon or evening with a burger in your hand.
4	This is the kind of place you can get passionate about!  Each burger is thoughtfully crafted with a playful nod to the orient.  The buns are soft, buttery, and toasted - just like I like it!I tried the Nom Nom (Teriyaki) Burger, banh mi Burger, Chicken Satay Burger, Garlic Fries, Tempura Shrimp with Curry Salt, and the apple cinnamon wonton dessert.  Everything was delicious.  I hear the Peking Duck is amazing and I plan to return for that.  Their menu is small, and I prefer it that way.  It's clear that they only serve what they love, so I don't think you can go wrong with anything you choose.
4	When I first heard about Nom Nom opening, I thought, another burger joint in Charlotte.....Well, needless to say this is not like any other burger joint in town. Their burgers are a fun take on a variety of Asian dishes. They have a take on a Banh Mi sandwich, a Peking Duck burger, Pad Thai burger, Ahi Tuna burger, Kalbi burger with fried egg and kimchi, as well as other burgers and fish tacos.I was able to try a few different items during a CMYE event and needless to say I was extremely happy. We were able to try their take on edemame, which instead of just salt, had a garlic and ginger seasoned salt on it. All I can say is...Yum! Then we tried their tempura fried shrimp appetizer, which came with a curry and salt rub. The rub was super tasty on the shrimp. The shrimp itself was crispy on the outside but the shrimp was not over cooked. Which in my opinion is a serious flaw in cooking technique at most Asian restaurants.The next appetizer was their garlic fries. It was essentially shoe string fries with a garlic salt seasoning on them. They were definitely satisfying. The fries were crispy and perfectly seasoned. The seasoning itself was not over the top, it had the right garlic to salt ratio. After the shrimp, they came out with their Nom Nom burger which had  teriyaki sauce. Provolone cheese. Sauteed shitake mushrooms with mirin. Caramelized onions, with a ginger orange marmalade. Let me tell you it is amazing. Definitely not the prettiest burger on the menu, but probably their most flavorful in my opinion.Next up was the Banh Mi, which was a chicken breast marinated in lemongrass and curry aioli, and had a pork pate on the bottom and an Asian pickled slaw on top. This was also seriously good. It was bursting with all the flavors that a typical Banh Mi has.After the Banh Mi came the Pad Thai burger, this was one of the burgers I was looking forward to trying. I may have been expecting a little to much on this one. It was good, but not as flavorful as I would of expected it to be and wanted it to be. For me, it did not stand up flavor wise to the other things that they had.Obviously that was a good start in trying a good amount of their items on a first visit. It left me a little eager to go back and try the Peeking duck and the Kalbi burger. Both look amazing.
5	Burgerlicious! I was so excited to check out Nom Nom Burger it has been bookmarked as a must try for awhile now.  Thanks to Ben G. for setting up a CMYE and helping me get out here to try this place once and for all.   The verdict amazing!  This isn't your typical burger joint a lot of people were comparing it to Cowfish in Southpark but without the sushi.  Think of it as burger fusion  - burger meets Pad Thai for instance.  The Pad Thai burger was just one of the combos we got to enjoy some other notable favorites the Nom Nom burger (this was #1 for me), Kalbi burger (Korean ohh yea), and the Banh Mi sandwhich (a tasty chicken sandwich with pork pate - say what!) This place is unique and definitely stands out against the other burger places in town.  So stop by on Park rd and check Nom Nom out - bring the kids too it's a great place to take the family.  Great outdoor seating is available I recommend enjoying some Asian beers on the patio like the 33 a Vietnamese beer which is a great choice for the summer months.  Don't be shy to ask your server what to order they know the menu well and can make a suggestion for you. *If you're not in the mood for a burger the shrimp tempura was some of the best I've had in town and you can not go wrong with an order of garlic fries!
4	Nice spin on Cowfish. Simpler menu, faster seating, and similarly tasty.
4	Thanks to Yelp I was able to attend a sampling event here. Man was I wooed! The owner was very nice and generous with his offerings. I tried many of the burgers they offer(which can be found my friend and fellow yelper, Patrick D's review). They were all very tasty and the combination of fresh ingredients and proper cooking techniques left a great taste in my mouth.  My favorite burger was their signature, apply named "The Nom Nom Burger". I don't usually eat mushrooms on burgers but I couldn't imagine having it any other way. The other burgers were delicious in their own ways. A few we didn't get to try left me wanting to return asap.I can't wait to bring some friends and family here to experience the excellent food. The wait staff was very friendly and helpful. They have outdoor patio seating which was perfect even on a hotter than usual day. The decor inside was pretty basic, almost too basic. For me it's more about the food and cleanliness; which Nom Nom score high on. Whether your on lunch break, out with friends, or spending the day with family, Nom Nom Burger is a great place to find a burger that's anything other then ordinary.Verry Happy Belly,Chris
5	Nom Nom, you are such a welcome addition to the Park Road area!My friend & I headed here on a leisurely Sunday afternoon with my dog & was happy that they allow pups on their patio.I had already skimmed the menu online & decided I had to have the black & blue burger & shrimp chips.Our waitress was super friendly & was so sweet to my Milo. She gave us a rundown of the menu & what her favorites are.We had the tuna tartare as an appetizer...SO GOOD. I liken it to tuna ceviche. It's worth getting again & again. There were four pieces.We didn't wait but maybe 10 minutes for our food to arrive. Presentation was top notch!The bun was so soft & the burger was cooked to perfection. I love that every bite I took tasted better & better! The shrimp chips were light & tasty. I had never had them before, so I was a bit nervous. However, I will get them again.Prices are reasonable, especially for the amount of food you get. The burgers aren't small & half of the plate was loaded with chips.Very memorable experience. I'll definitely be a regular!
5	I had the privilege to partake in a Yelp event here and sample a large portion of Nom Nom's menu and I got to to hand it to them, they know how to make a mean burger. I love their idea of fusing Asian food with burgers, why didn't anyone think of this before?Their appetizers are stellar, they have some of the best edamame I've had and the shrimp tempura isn't bad either. The Bahn Mi sandwich is great if you're a Vietnamese food veteran, spicy, savory, and unique... pick your adjective, it's simply tasty and you should try it! No question though, their Nom Nom burger is my favorite thing on the menu, about as perfect as a burger can be. Good quality beef, mild mushrooms and flavorful sauces with shockingly fresh bread. I'm a true believer in Nom Nom, not just because of their theme to make Asian style burgers, but because they nailed it. Easily one of the top five burgers I've had in Charlotte, and certainly the most unique.
5	Believe the hype.  What an unusual and great take on your typical burger joint, I am a fan after today's lunch.I haven't been on this side of the Park/Woodlawn cluster since this location was a Mama Fu's.  If you can get past the lunchtime Chick-Fil-A line on Woodlawn to get into ParkTowne Village, you will be rewarded at the Nom.  The parking is an exercise in patience and reflexes during peak lunch hours, but I went around 11:30 and they hadn't started hitting people or ramming bumpers yet.  If you park behind the shops, where most of the storefronts are located, you can take the very steep stairs next to Qdoba to get to Nom, or if you go past Qdoba, there is an elevator to get to the ground floor.I was the first one in for lunch and had the place to myself for about 15 minutes.  Right at noon folks started to file in, and I am hoping they filled even more after I left.  Clean space, with a lovely relaxing blue water feature.  There is also a flat screen TV in one corner (not sure what was on, I had a magazine with me).  There is mostly table/chair seating, but along one side there is a mixture of bench/chair/table seating.  There is also a LOT of outdoor seating available at heavy metal tables and chairs, but it was a bit warm out for me.  I did notice that at around 12:30 when I left, most of the patio seating is in the shade and there was a nice breeze so you won't melt unless it's a full-on Carolina summer day.It is a please wait to be seated place, and the friendly hostess let me have my pick of tables.  My waitress came shortly thereafter and took my order, she was friendly, but could have been a little quicker.  I was in and out within my allotted lunch time, even with ordering an appetizer and a burger.  I also got to finish my appetizer before my burger hit the table - BIG points for that, I hate getting my meal right on top of my starter.  The food:Pan fried pot stickers ($5.50 for 6 - I have uploaded a photo) - Well flavored filling.  The dumplings were not greasy, the wrappers were not sticky or slimy - excellent.  The dipping sauce tasted great and wasn't overly salty like some are.Not So Lonely Bird ($6 Tuesday lunch special) w/ sweet potato fries (comes with shrimp chips or regular fries, sweet potato fries are $1 extra, which is clearly marked on the menu - I have uploaded a photo) - DEEEE-licious!  Large turkey burger on a buttery bun with provolone, BACON, spinach, mango salsa and spicy aioli.  I am not a turkey burger girl at all - I like beef.  I like beef a lot.  I equate turkey burgers with being dry and tasteless and this was moist and full of smoky flavor.  The mango salsa added a very mildly sweet texture, balanced with the very slightly spicy aioli.  I would totally order this again.  The sweet potato fries were slightly thicker than shoestring and were crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Very lightly seasoned, very yummy.  Coke products to drink - YAY!Lunch (drink, appetizer, burger) was $15.70 and well worth it.  A tasty, different lunch and I will definitely be returning for more Nom.
5	Nom Nom Burger offers a delicious variation for hamburgers but if you are a fan of ahi tuna... run, do not walk to Nom Nom Burger and get the Ahi Burger immediately.  You get a perfectly seared ahi tuna steak between two sticky rice patties with fresh avocado, spinach, sprouts and a side of wasabi mayo.   It's not only genius in its creation but the combination of ingredients has made it my new favorite sandwich.  Their edamame appetizer (stir fried with garlic, ginger and chili) and garlic fries are another must try.  The edamame has just enough extra flavor but not too spicy.  The fries are shoestring cut... nom nom nom.The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful.  They have a great outdoor patio and a live music schedule listed on their website.  The perfect way to enjoy a beautiful day.
5	An Asian-inspired burger eatery?  I'm intrigued.  We tried Nom Nom Burger for the first time this past Saturday night.  It was a beautiful night out, so we sat outside in their patio area.  The inside seating looked just okay, but it was fantastic enjoying the nice evening weather outdoors dining al fresco.  I was torn between trying the Vietnamese Banh Mi burger and the safer Pad Thai burger.  I went with the Pad Thai.  It came out on a nice fluffy roll (not your typical blah hamburger bun, thankfully), piled high with shredded carrots and bean sprouts, with a hint of peanut butter flavor.  My partner tried the sliders, which came with one Pad Thai, one Banh Mi, and one Nom Nom Burger, which is "ground beef glazed with house special teriyaki sauce, provolone cheese, fresh sauteed Shiitake mushrooms with mirin, and caramelized onions with ginger orange marmalade.  He enjoyed all of them, but absolutely loved the Nom Nom one.  It's two days later, and he's still fantasizing about that one.  Should I be concerned?As a side to your burger(s), you can get shoestring fries or crunchy shrimp rice chips.  We both opted for the later, and enjoyed them as an alternative to fries.  They were a little fishy tasting at first, but good.One of the kids upgraded their fries to garlic fries for $1.50 more.  It *may* have been sprinkled with garlic powder, but we're not sure.  The taste test wasn't doing it either.  Usually garlic fries have little visible pieces of flavorful cooked fresh garlic throughout.  Definitely not worth the upgrade fee, though.  Would we go back?  For sure.  Bad Daddy Burger Bar has awesome burgers, but Nom Nom offers a whole different selection of unique flavors.  I'm looking forward to trying the Banh Mi burger next time or possibly one of their chicken sandwiches or tuna burger.
5	I drive pass Nom Nom everyday and finally had the chance to try it.  Wow...Had the Duck Burger.  Duck was tender, pork belly was good and not salty and the bun was so different.  My wife had the Nom Nom burger.  After I tried some I was ready to devour hers.  Probably the best burger in this price range I have had.$10 for a burger included a side. My wife thinks the burger was better than Bad Daddy's.   I will definitely be back.  I think if they rethink the interior then this could be the next big chain.
4	I visited Nom Nom for the Yelp Elite event and I left wanting more!  This place is definitely new and trying to find their rhythm, but not with the food-- that's perfected. I've been to Cowfish my fair share of times (and then some), but this is different.  Cowfish does Sushi, burgers & Sushi Burgers-- but they don't specialize in Asian burgers. This place does and man are they OH SO good! The Nom Nom Burger is by far their specialty because its awesome.  The burgers are seasoned well and cooked to perfection. With every bite you can really tell someone's passion and integrity went into what they are selling.  Another favorite was the 'Banh Mih' Sandwhich.  It a great twist on the traditional banh mih. In the end, the service and food is great. Located off Park Rd, the location is not super easy to find let alone be seen and noticed.  For this reason, I REALLY hope they make it because I am already jonesing for another Nom Nom Burger!
4	Made a fast bee line here after being in the hospital for several days. I don't believe I need to describe the "food" that is given in a hospital. OK, so I've been dying to try this place for a while now. And I am VERY glad I did. Small place off Woodlawn and Park. Kind of sterile inside, but the menu was diverse and I asked the waiter for a recommendation. Since it was my first time, I selected their famous "Nom Nom" burger. It was a delicious beef patty obviously marinated in a teriyaki sauce, topped with carmelized onions and mushrooms, to give it that Umami sensation. And SAVORY it was! VERY delicious. Cooked medium the way I asked for it.They serve it with skinny fries.....but skip any fancy fries (I got the garlic fries for an extra price but it made no difference) as the fries are good on their own.The waiter offered me several of their sauces, and I loved them all, especially the wasabi mayo of which I dipped my fries in.They have MANY burger types to try, and I can't wait to try their Korean burger the next time. Overall a worthy addition to the Charlotte Burger scene, especially if you want to try something other than a plain old burger!
4	After wanting to get here for so long, I finally made it. I enjoyed the tuna burger and couldn't decide between the shrimp chips or the fry, so they gave me 1/2 & 1/2. The tuna burger was amazing! Cooked to perfection and served on a rice bun, clever. The fries were good, but I would have liked a little more salt/seasoning. And, the shrimp chips, an interesting side!Although I loved the meal, I was surprised to pay $20 for a burger and soda, a little high for an everyday lunch.
4	Been here twice! Once during the weekend of the Wells Fargo golf tourney and once after finals ended. Gotta say that I'm definitely a fan. I would describe it as an Asian Fusion burger joint to those that are curious. If you like Banh Mi sandwiches (Vietnamese sandwich for those that aren't familiar) or Korean BBQ (Kalbi burger), for instance, Nom Nom has their take on them in burger form. They also have the more traditional, classic burger options, and appetizers too. There's a good selection on the menu and you can get either fries or shrimp chips with your burger.I tried the Kalbi burger my first visit and the Banh Mi on my second trip. The Kalbi burger rocked. It was super delicious. The Banh Mi was pretty good, although I personally prefer authentic banh mi to their version. But it was still tasty. The fries are super thin and also very tasty. The shrimp chips are a nice change of pace too if you're feeling something more like a chip. Service was cool. It's not cheap to eat there, but not outrageous. If you're expecting fast food prices, think again. The prices are on par with cowfish burgers or even something like Cheesecake Factory. Personally I think it's worth it, but to me pricing is more about expectations. If you go in thinking you're going to spend $7 or $8 for a burger and you pay $11 or $12, you might be surprised . I had glanced at the menu previously so I wasn't surprised.  I'm curious to see how their more traditional burgers are. My friends who went with me ordered the more traditional burgers and they looked pretty good. Some day I will see for myself. But I'll definitely come back again. I really enjoyed my previous visits.
4	Great, unique reasonably priced food.  Locally owned-non chain restaurant with friendly welcoming staff.  We had the Ahi Tuna burger and the Vietnamese inspired Bah Mi Burger.  Both were delicious:  freshly made to order, unique ingredients, nice flavors.  We will definitely be back.
3	I went to the Yelp event and everything was so delicious that I was jazzed to come back. My husband and I took a friend here and ended up wishing we had gone elsewhere. The server didn't have a firm grasp of product knowledge and forgot to bring an ordered beer until well after our app arrived; the garlic shoestring fries were stone cold and cooked crunchy; the burgers were also lukewarm (and the fried katsu burger doesn't do well chilled); and the music was loud, weird, and made conversation disjointed. The good parts? The shrimp tempura arrived hot and delicious; the burgers seem to have a good underlying flavor profile; and were they served at temperature, they seemed to be cooked to a nice medium. The food was so good at the Yelp event though, I think I will give them another try at some point in hopes that they'll step up their game again.Edit: The owner contacted me to let me know that there was an emergency that caused him and his kitchen manager to both be out this night.
5	Since I love all Asian foods, especially Vietnamese, Japanese and Korean, I was very excited to try out Nom Nom Burger which opened fairly recently across from Park Road shopping center on Woodlawn Road. We met and talked with one of the founding partners, Tung Ngo, who is very energetic, personable and dedicated to making this creative concept work. We visited on a Tuesday night and it was "kids eat free" night for kids age 10 and under with purchase of an adult meal. Once our little one is old enough to actually eat his own meal (it won't be long!) this will be a great place to go. There were lots of families as well as some couples and groups of friends. The dining room has a neat waterfall that all the kids were fascinated by. Finding myself missing Korean food the most since I moved back to Charlotte, I knew we had to try the Kalbi Burger. It includes kimchi, a fried egg, sesame roased nori (seaweed), spicy aioli and roasted garlic. Wow. This was a fantastic burger. Part of the excellence is because of the meat that is used, which is Sterling Silver ground beef, but the flavors in the Kalbi really make it top-notch. The signature Nom Nom burger was also good - it includes Provolone cheese, sauteed Shiitake mushrooms with mirin, caramelized onions with ginger orange marmalade and mayo. It is really a toss-up with the Kalbi but my favorite item we tried is the Ahi burger - a thick piece of Ahi tuna seared and put on a sushi rice "bun" with avocado, spinach and sprouts with both wasabi and citrus soy dipping sauces. Sushi lovers - you must try! We also tried the calamari, which was light, spicy and delicious. The shrimp chips (a Vietnamese item) were really tasty, but regular fries (can be made garlic or jalepeno) as well as sweet potato fries are also options. For dessert we wanted to try the Honey Bunz with ice cream but since they were unavailable we had the fried cheesecake "Xango", which was good. There is a Ben & Jerry's right across the patio so that is another option if you have any room after trying the delicious offerings at Nom Nom. Next time I'm trying the Banh Mi Burger (it's actually chicken) - if I can keep myself away from the Ahi! There are also more burger options (including a plain one for the non-adventurous), chicken sandwiches, fish sandwich/tacos, salads, noodles and even a veggie burger on the menu so vegetarians and even vegans should be able to find something. We will see you soon, Nom Nom!
4	Been here several times and never have I been disappointed in the delicious kim chi burger that is offered here! The restaurant has a nice atmosphere and the customer service is great! The menu offers unique and creative burgers to choose from.
3	First off let me just say the service is great, staff is very attentive and nice. I had The Ember, which is a chili chicken sandwich. Portions were great, chicken was fried just perfectly and not too heavy. The only down side, and usually this isn't a big issue for me, was the fries. Keep in mind you can upgrade your fries, but the basic ones that come on the side are small and almost shoelace like, way too thin for my liking.
4	Came here Saturday for lunch after a long morning or house hunting. I had missed the Elite event here and really wanted to give it a shot as I heard great things about it!  I have to say I wasn't disappointed. This is an Asian burger place and I loved it!! I had the Pad Thai burger and it was really good!! Next time I would get it without the peanut sauce and extra spicy aioli instead. I got the jalapeno fries which I really liked but will try the sweet potato fries next time. The boyfriend (because lets face it I'm always out with the boyfriend) got the nom nom burger with garlic fries. He loved both! We both tried each others choices but preferred the ones we got for ourselves. The nom nom burger was seasoned and cooked really well but I'm not as big of a fan of mushrooms as he is. My pad thai burger had carrots and mung bean sprouts on it with a spicy aioli and peanut sauce. Service was great, we had our waiter and the other waiters were quick to notice anything and help each other out. The owner was even there and helping out and talking to people and making sure everyone was good. I definitely will be back here again to try some of their other burgers etc. Hopefully it becomes a Charlotte staple and the owner can develop some more new tasty asian burger choices!!
5	This place is just awesome, PERIOD!  My girlfriend and I went at 7pm on a friday night and sat outside on their patio.  We immediately noticed was how attentive and knowledgable the wait staff were.  I say 'staff' because although we really had one waiter, people were stopping by constantly to see how we were, and if we needed anything.  They were beyond familiar with the menu and they talked to us about the food as if they were each aspiring chefs / owners of their own gourmet burger joints.  They were enthusiastic about the food and made great recommendations. We started out with the Nom Nom Calamari, which despite being kinda run of the mill squid, is prepared in such a way that they blow your socks off!  Between the prepeation and Sweet Thai Chili sauce, they're amazing!  Ours were very spicy, so be careful if that isn't your thing.   We also had a half-dozen Bonzai wings.  These wings were incredible!  And with appetizers around $5 or $6 dollars each, you should just get a few for the table.  The more the merrier!!    When it came time for the main course, I had the Black & Blue Burger (medium-rare) with Shimp chips, and my girfriend had the Nom Nom Burger (well done) with french fries.  I wasn't in love with the Shrimp chips.  But, I suspect that I blasted my taste buds on the double appetizer.  The burgers were each cooked PRECISELY how we requested them, and when I say that mine was just about the best burger I've had in Charlotte, I mean it.  You simply can't write a review that describes how flavorful it was, so, I won't.When we were done, the ower came out to greet us and thank us for coming.  I was so blown away I kept thanking him.  So, between the bangin' food, AMAZING staff, and amazingly friendly prices, I recomment you go to this place immediately!    I know this is a long review, so I'll end it with this:  I often pass by The Liberty Restraunt on South Blvd which has the sign that reads, 'Charlotte's best burger.'  When I see that, I have to wonder if they've ever been to Nom Nom.Keep up the good work NOM NOM!
4	I simply love the concept behind this place, which is great because they have some really great burgers.  I admit that I am totally addicted to Nom Nom Burger after two visits.I'm always a little worried about some Asian fusion, like that the flavors won't marry well or it won't be quite what I want.  However, I can say that this place has some amazing burgers with good flavor.  The beef, especially, seems to be of pretty good quality.  On our first trip, I decided to sample a little bit and ordered the Nom Nom sliders.  It comes with three different sliders - a mini Pad Thai burger, a mini Nom Nom burger, and the Bahn Mi sandwich.  I've never had Bahn Mi before (so I can't really compare it to the real thing), but it was pretty good.  The lemongrass and curry aioli is simply amazing, and the flavor on the chicken is pretty delicious - I could definitely taste the distinct Vietnamese flair to it.  The Pad Thai burger had a great combination of salty and sweet - I loved the peanut aioli on it.  The carrots and bean sprouts added a nice touch.  However, that day the Nom Nom slider took the prize.  I absolutely LOVE the caramelized onions - the marmalade complements the natural sweetness of the onions to make an amazing burger topping.  To go with it, I decided to go with the garlic fries rather than the shrimp chips.  The garlic fries were fabulous.  Nice crispy fries with plenty of garlic flavor.  My partner, feeling adventurous, ordered The Peeking Duck.  I love that it's four mini-sandwiches on folded buns - the presentation alone was pretty awesomesauce.  All the flavors really went well together.  He is not a cilantro fan, but he loved them.  Our waitress also suggested adding some sriracha  The only disappointing thing was the shrimp chips.  They don't have enough shrimp flavor and are like eating a big plain rice cake.On our second trip, the food was just as great.  I decided to the Katsu burger, which is just amazing.  I loved the panko breading on it!  This was my favorite burger to-date.  My partner tried the Kalbi burger, which was good but did not have enough kimchi on it, in his opinion.  He also decided to try the jalapeno fries, which had a slight hint of jalapeno flavor without being too spicy.  They were good, but not as good as the garlic fries.The service both times was excellent.  On our first trip, our waitress was quite helpful in making recommendations.  As for the decor, I just love it's funky Asian-meets-Western style.  The prices are a little high for burgers, but you get a good portion size and great quality for the price.I do believe I have just found my new favorite burger place in the QC!  I give it 4.5 stars.
2	We had a Groupon to Nom Nom Burger, and we decided to give it a try while my 12-year-old niece was visiting. We went at an odd time on Sunday, around 2:30, so the place was nearly empty. I think there were 2 tables outside and maybe 2-3 more inside. The kitchen is exposed, and there were 3 people working behind the counter. First, let me say, our waiter was very nice; however, our food was SO incredibly slow in getting to us that I was amazed. Of the half-dozen tables, almost all already had their food, so I have no idea what the kitchen was doing. There were 3 of us, we didn't order anything custom and it took about 35 minutes to get our food. We had to ask our waiter to check a few times, as we had to get our niece home on time. When our food arrived, my husband's garlic french fries were not in our order. Waiter apologized and said, "They'll be right out." I bit into my teriyaki chicken burger (the "bun" was made of rice, which I thought sounded cool) - a few bites in, I found a long, disgusting HAIR in my food. My husband's fries didn't arrive until we were all done with our food - they were very overdone and tasted like fish. We told our waiter, who again, though very nice, acted like a deer in headlights. I quietly paid (it took even longer to get our check, so I sent my husband and niece out to get the car, since we were already running late). Even though I ate much less than half my sandwich and I told them there was a hair in it, they didn't comp it. We ate almost none of my husband's fries because a) they were terrible and b) they came out at the end of our meal when we were already late. Again, no comp on the fries.My husband liked his sliders and my niece liked her burger. My sandwich was great until I found "the hair." They get 2-stars because my husband and niece liked their sandwiches. But wow - why so darned slow? Why the overdone/disgusting fries? Why no comps when we clearly didn't eat our food (and I mentioned it to the waiter)?A major disappointment. We will not be back.
5	Delicious food! Excellent service. Our waiter took the time to explain the menu and helped give suggestions based on our likes and dislikes. It was our first time and I wish there was one in Apex so I could go more often. The food was amazing and I was very impressed. Can't wait to visit Charlotte again so I can go again!!
5	I live right around the corner and it has taken me forever to get there.I went around 2:30 pm so I was pretty much the only person in the restaurant but the server was not too clingy and not too distant.  That is always the key in slow times.I asked if I should get the normal edamame or the fancy chili edamame and the server explained the difference between the two and I decided I wanted some spice.Then for my main dish I was set on the Ahi Tuna burger.  It sounded so interesting with the rice bun and it was.  I enjoyed the avocado, tuna, and rice.  the rice fell apart a little when dipped in the sauce, but it was still quite tasty.Next time my friends go to Hefs for drinks I may stop in and nom nom first.
2	I was excited to try Nom Nom Burger as I've read some great things but I'm sad to report that I was very disappointed.  The restaurant was pretty empty - there were maybe 3 or 4 tables the entire night (we were all outside) - but the service was slooooow.  The server was a nice enough guy but definitely did not have a sense of urgency about anything (or even a sense of 'that table may need a drink refill').  It took about 15 minutes for us to get our bill and pay which was surprising considering there was virtually no one in the restaurant.The food was our biggest disappointment.   I ordered the Nom Nom Burger but felt there was nothing nomtastic about it.  It was...boring.  I felt like there was no flavor or anything interesting going on inside the bun.  I was hoping for a little kick or spice but found it rather plain.Maybe it was just an off night or maybe my expectations were too high but Nom Nom just didn't do it for me.
5	Nom Nom Burger is simply put.....the BEST place to get a burger in the Charlotte area.  Sure, there are others but if you're looking for something different than just your standard burger this is your place.  Nestled back in an old noodle place that has been rightly forgotten Nom Nom has taken this shopping center by storm.We met some friends out on a rainy (surprise) Saturday night.  We started with some appetizers.  I read good things about the Garlic Chili & Ginger Edamame.  As with everything I tasted last night it was amazing.  Normal, everyday edamame tossed with chili, garlic and brought to life with a hint of ginger.  This is something you must experience when you go.  I also was able to taste the Ahi Tuna Tartar.  Everything is better with mango and cilantro and Nom Nom punched this app in the mouth, home run guys!On to why I was there, the burgers.  Specifically the Pad Thai Burger.  Marinated with a Pad Thai Sauce, dressed with julienne carrots, bean sprouts, garlic and a peanut aioli.  I ordered the spicy aioli on the side for extra kick.  This burger was awesome, the concept of bringing a classic thai concept to a burger is genius.  It had a lot of stuff on it, and maintained its integrity through the experience so that earns a few stars in my book.  The burger on the plate is about 75% of the experience imo.  The side dish is a big part of the meal.  As with everything at Nom Nom, the fries were nothing short of wonderful.  For a paltry $1.50 upcharge I upgraded to the garlic fries.  They take regular fries, and toss them in garlic, and herbs to make the most awesome accompaniment to a burger.  These fries could stand alone and I could have eaten them as my meal and walked out happy.  Well worth it.We finished up with the fried cheese cake which we all shared and enjoyed.  One thing that another person in my table had and raved about was the Peeking Duck, it looked fabulous and I must try it.I spoke with the owner while I was there and this guy knows his business.  He has been around for a while and has grown other businesses, he consults and helps others build successful restaurants.  I have no doubt in my mind that Nom Nom is a hit and will be around for many years to come.
5	Fantastic food, great service, awesome local craft brews!  I had the kalbi burger and the flavor was fantastic!  The service matches the food! Our waiter Zak was one of the best waiters I have ever had!  I will be back!  The food and service more than justify the price!  If you want a Asian twist on an America classic, then the Kalbi burger is for you!
5	This place has really stepped up its game! I have no doubt that Nom Nom Burger will be around for a while. From the Yelp event from a bit ago to each subsequent visit after, Nom Nom Burger has consistently delivered. With each visit being just a bit better than the last. I finally feel ready to dish out a five-star review.We have sampled a fair amount of the menu. Some favorites... the Korean Kalbi Burger, the Bahn Mi Sandwich, the Pad Thai Burger, and the Ahi Tuna Burger. All excellent choices. This last visit, we went with a modified version of the special. The special was a chicken sandwich with grilled pineapple and a habernero mayo. I really wanted a burger, so I asked to have the special made with a burger ($2 up-charge). They meat is excellent. Very flavorful. The owner shared a lot of information about why they chose Sterling Beef instead of Black Angus. The Sterling was a great choice! Excellent, flavorful meat. The buns are excellent as well.The ahi tuna "burger" was excellent. Perfectly seared tuna between rice patty "buns." The wasabi aioli added a nice spice. The soy sauce dipping sauce was a little awkward to dip the sandwich into but definitely added to the sandwich. I got sweet potato fries ($1 up-charge... totally worth it) and they were awesome. Not too thick, not too thin, nicely cooked and served with a spicy aioli dipping sauce. The shrimp chips are legit too. Definitely worth experiencing if you have never tried them.Also, they now have beers on draft!! Awesome addition!Boba boba boba! Yes, please. Even if it is the powdered kind. Taro boba FTW. I'm just waiting for Lavender Milk Tea... Everyone request it so they'll get it!The owner is super passionate and so friendly. He is always happy to share his passion with you and, also, listen to your suggestions and feedback. A note to the servers.. please don't forget to ask me how I want my burger cooked. I prefer my meat med rare/med, not med well/well.
4	I won't repeat what the other reviews have already said...just know that this place rocks! And here's three totally awesome reasons why:1. Knowledgeable Staff! During my visit I was reminded that this place is the one and only!!! NOT a chain. So everything is new for everyone. That means you better have some darn good people serving up this place. And they do! Everyone here from the host, to my server and even the co-owner all gave me full details about the menu and the history behind Nom Nom. First Time? No worries, you will be treated to a wonderful experience. 2. Everything is made in house! My waiter said it best..."we make pretty much everything here...except for the ketchup" And what's not to love about that! Oh and let's not forget the best part...nothing (yep I said nothing)  is cooked up until you order! 3. REALLY Good Food! With all the "burger nation sensation" going on in the area it's refreshing to have an option that was bold enough to do something differently. Who knew that Asian + Burgers = Awesomeness So keep rocking it out Nom Nom! I look forward to more visits!
3	I probably just had a mediocre experience... Maybe I just ordered the wrong stuff... Maybe I went in with too high of an expectation. Unfortunately my experience was just kinda meh, but going by the nice reviews, I am willing to go give it another try. When we went in, there was just one other table occupied. When we left, there were 6-7 tables occupied. This place is kinda small inside, but it's well lit and nice. Our server wasn't very friendly. He wasn't very generous with smiles, but I guess it's fine.My Bahn Mi burger. I like Bahn Mi. No, I LOVE Bahn Mi. I expected the Bahn Mi burger to taste just like Bahn Mi, but in a burger bun instead of a baguette. I asked our server how it was and he said it's just chicken instead of pork so if I like Bahn Mi and if I like chicken, I'll love this. I love Bahn Mi. And I love chicken, because it's chicken, what's not to like? So I went with it. Got the shrimp chips as my side.Turns out, the Bahn Mi burger is nothing but a rather greasy burger bun with Thai-style grilled chicken (even though Bahn Mi is Vietnamese). The only thing Bahn Mi about this was the jalapenos, cilantro and the pork pate. I mean, on certain days I love the coconuttey taste of the Thai curry chicken, but not when I'm in the mood for Bahn Mi. The shrimp chips were nothing but rice chips that did not taste not smell like shrimp :(My boyfriend's Peeking Duck. This dish comes as 4 sliders in lotus bread. This was actually good. He got the garlic fries on the side which were delicious too. Needless to say, I feasted on his dinner while the absolutely nice guy that he is, he graciously let me devour his food while he ate my burger.They also have Boba tea. We had the green tea boba tea. It was delicious.Maybe I will go back to this place again and try something else on their menu. But not before I eat enough real Bahn Mi to console myself of the Bahn Mi I was robbed of at Nom Nom Burger.
4	I come here at least once a week for their vegetarian udon noodles and I always add shittake mushrooms to my dish (for an extra $0.50). My friend always gets the Nom-Believer, but I've also seen orders of the Kalbi and Not So Lonely Bird, and they all look really juicy and tasty. They offer shrimp chips as one of the sides (in lieu of french fries), which is an interesting choice that I haven't seen offered anywhere else.I enjoy coming here for the good food, good prices, and friendly service.  Solid four stars.
5	Incredible food! Unique combinations and flavors that work well together. The owner came over to talk with us and he is passionate about food, fresh ingredients and very creative. Would definitely eat here again.
5	The twists that Nom Nom puts on the basic burger are so different from the other gourmet burger places that we have tried.  The Asian-inspired ingredients and flavors shone though which made our first visit to Nom Nom memorable.  The nori and egg in the Kalbi burger were awesome.  Definitely worth another visit!  We wish them well with this location as it has turned over several times over the years.  If the proprietors haven't already considered it a food truck would probably be very successful.
5	Second time here and the food was on point with flavor, portion size,  and creativity! Owners are friendly,  a little wait but well worth it. If you are looking for an Asian flare on an American tradition this is the place to go. Peking duck is succulent as well. Love love, nom nom
3	Nom Nom is so-so... I hate to be that girl that walks in to a restaurant right before they close but burgers were callng our taste buds and it was close and different. We had great service out on the patio, our server was informative with the menu and was very personable. I had the Kalbi burger, it was good it had kimchi and a fried egg on top, the taste fusions were interesting. I wouldn't disregard this place just yet, I think it will be one of those you need to try a few different things before you say it's a favorite spot...have to admit I don't think its as good as Bad Daddy's.
4	Great burgers with great service. Stopped here on the way to Atlanta. My burger was really flavorful and seasoned. The nom nom burger was a great recommendation from our waitress with a side of spicy aioli. The fries were great. Our server was so sweet as was the rest of the staff.I just wish there was more of a beer and wine selection.
3	A little above average I suppose but my views differ from many I've read. My NomNom burger was tasty but not sensational. The garlic fries, at a $1.50 up charge, while not all that much, provided about 10 cents worth of added value for me- I think they should be offered as a no charge option. Very slight added flavor with a bit of parsley.  (I mentioned to the server that I didn't there was much of a garlic taste but no real interest in my comments.)The other ordered item was a veggie burger that was well received. I might go back again to try a different menu choice- but would rather try another place.
5	The Nom Nom Burger is the best hamburger in Charlotte. I keep going back to try something different, but I can't bring myself to get anything else. Can't recommend this place enough.
5	I went in for take out and realized they have a little bar so I sat up there and ate. I got the nom nom sliders which samples 3 different burgers because i have never been there. They were delicious. All the burgers were so detailed and different! Will definitely go back.
4	The staffs are very friendly, the place is very clean, but might be hard to find because it's at the lower level corner of the plaza. The burgers are very creative. I have the peking duck burger which is good but not great. My bf has Teriyaki chicken sandwich and he really likes it, especially of the Rice bun. I like the Nom Nom wing tho, very tasty sauce. we definitily will go back because I wanted to try the Kalbi burger
3	I ate here once a few months ago with my BF. He had eaten here once prior and several times afterward and constantly raves about this place. I just thought it was ok. I ordered the Ultimate Veggie Burger which had a whole portabella mushroom and came with mozzarella, avocado, spinach, sprouts and spicy aioli. I ordered it without the sprouts and aioli and got a side of BBQ sauce instead. I also substituted the sweet potato fries ($1.50 upcharge) in place of the complimentary shrimp chips. I honestly don't remember what my BF ordered but it was either the Kalbi Burger or Pad Thai Burger and he stuck with the shrimp chips.When my burger arrived, my BF and I were amazed at how large and thick the portabella mushroom was.. I had never seen anything like it. Unfortunately it was pretty bland. It wasn't marinated and lacked seasoning but had a very subtle grilled flavor. Luckily I had the BBQ sauce to kick up the flavor. It came on an eggy-tasting bun which I didn't care for, so I ended up ditching the bun and eating the rest of the burger with a knife & fork. The sweet potato fries were nice and crispy and worth the extra charge.Overall I felt a bit underwhelmed about this place but I would certainly give it another try. Until then it's A-OK for me!
4	I visit Charlotte frequently for work and always try to take myself out for a different, interesting dinner. I found Nom Nom Burger by searching "sushi" on the Yelp ap - and while it is NOT sushi - it was a great experience! The service was wonderful, the staff are incredibly friendly, and I loved my Ahi Burger! One word of caution: if you get the Ahi burger - the "wasabi mayo" is about 90% wasabi, 10% mayo so SPREAD CAUTIOUSLY! I definitely learned that lesson the hard way!All-in-all: my food was good and the menu definitely intrigued me. I suspect I'll be back for more, the next time I'm in town!
4	The Mr. read a review in the local paper and urged the Mrs. to accompany him to Nom Nom Burger for Saturday lunch.  The Mrs. was hesitant, as a restaurant billing "Asian" burgers sounded like a fast-food quarter-pounder doused in soy sauce, and not much more.Boy, was the Mrs. ever wrong!We have been there two times so far.  We started with the pot stickers on one occasion and with the edamame on the other occasion.  Good starters.The first visit, the Mrs. had the Peking duck, very tasty on little Asian buns.  She added sweet potato fries.  This meal was: Yum!  The Mr. had the Nom Nom Burger with garlic fries, which he enjoyed.The second visit, the Mrs. had the Burger that Crossed Park Road; a chicken breast with bacon and mango-citrus salsa.  Not so tasty.  The chicken tasted bland and mushy; it lacked zing.  The mango-citrus salsa was good.  She had the ultra-delicious garlic fries.  The Mr. had the Katsu burger with shrimp chips.  The Mr. looooves the Katsu Burger. The Mrs. would give Nom Nom Burger three stars, but the friendly service and atmosphere merit another star, which she is happy to add on.  The Mr. would give ALL five stars.  Four stars is our compromise.The Mr. enthusiastically recommends Nom Nom Burger..
4	I must admit that I have been cautiously optimistic about Nom Nom Burger since the first time I read about them.  I enjoy Asian fusion-style cooking and I'm a burger lover, so this seemed like a no-brainer.  Unfortunately, I have been disappointed in the past, so you can understand my hesitation.  Thankfully, Nom Nom delivered the goods.  My wife had the Peeking Duck burger(s) with garlic fries while I ordered the Pad Thai burger with sweet potato fries.  The Peeking Duck burger was actually 4 slider-style burgers, with the usual bread bun replaced with small steamed buns.  Dollops of Sriracha paired with decent garlic fries made for an enjoyable dish.  The Pad Thai had all the usual things you expect with good Pad Thai, but on a burger!  The carrot and veggie toppings with the Thai chili-marinated burger worked together so well, I can't believe I've never had this before.  The sweet potato fries were about as good as other versions I've had around town, but not overly sweet as to take away from the burger.  The only reason I hold back a fifth star is simply because there is so much good on the menu, it makes it hard to choose.  I know it's a bad reason, but there it is.  Fortunately, we will return for something different (maybe the Banh Mi?), so a fifth star could show up quickly.
4	It was exactly what I expected, an Asian Fusion Burger Joint.  It's a fresh spin on the standard burger fair.    The place is clean and bright (we eat here for lunch).  I got the mushroom burger and it was pleasantly tasty.   I m normally not a mushroom person, but this burger's description pull me in.  The special sauce on the burger may have help to sell me on trying it.    I got the standard fries and they weren't bad.The prices were high than the standard burger joints around town, but you aren't getting standard burgers. So in my opinion it was worth it. Going to check out the pad thai burger next time.
4	Mmmmm different infused takes on burgers. And my readers know I love my burgers. Let's get right to it.Appeitizer:We, as a group, ordered the Ahi Tuna Tartar as well as the Fried Calamari. Both were definitely great, however if I had to just order one...It would definitely be the Ahi Tuna Tartar, hands down. The flavor profile was different and isn't just like the same old "fried calamari" as I thought that dish was sort of the same as a lot of restaurants that fry the calamari. I think still my favorite fried calamari place is at a Vietnamese restaurant. The Calamari was served with a spring roll type of sauce, which didn't really cut it for me. However, the Ahi Tuna Tartar was definitely a good one as it was just a different flavor than what I'm used to. The dish itself was very colorful, as it was mixed with fruit, cilantro, avacado, and tuna on top of a baked chip.Main Course:I ordered the Nom Nom Burger, their staple burger. In my mind, when a restaurant names a dish the name of the restaurant it has to be the dish that describes the restraunt. It's supposed to give you the thought "oh, this is what Nom Nom is about" or it defines the restaurant.What did I think? I liked it. Was it amazing? Did it blow my mind? Not really. Now, when they mixed the teryaki sauce with the burger...I tasted it. It was a hint of that as well as the nice mushroom taste that filled out the burger. I'm not saying don't get it, i'm not saying it'll blow your mind, but it's still a good choice if you're wondering what this restaurant is all about. (But, in my mind the Ahi Tuna Tartar stood out for me.)Final Thoughts:Definitely a place to try out if you've never been here. It's a little high on the prices, but the ingredients that they use is well worth it. Order the Tartar though, that's a definite thing I can say.
5	Food is fantastic here!  Ordered:- Tempura shrimp with Indian yellow curry- Nom nom Korean wings- Peking duck burger- Nom nom slidersIt was definitely a lot for lunch, but we were so impressed with the menu creations that we wanted to try several items.  Did not disappoint!We will be back when we return next year!
3	Tried this place for dinner a couple weeks ago. We order the edamame with ginger chili to start out. It was delicious and I was licking my fingers after finishing those. For my entree I got the pad thai burger. I ordered medium but it was less than medium on the inside and overdone on the outside/chewy - not sure how that happens. Also, I couldn't really taste the pad thai flavor. My fiance had the Black & Blu burger. He had the same feelings about how it was done but his flavor was a bit better. The french fries on the side were really good! I just wish the burgers were better like everything else!
5	Nom Nom is a lot more than just traditional burgers.  There are a variety of options, including chicken wings, chicken sandwiches, fish sandwiches and even a sushi-style tuna burger served on rice patties.  Dessert options are also exceptionally delicious.  There is sure to be a side which you can accompany your meal with you will love.  There are a few style choices for fries and delicious shrimp chips which are crunchy, light and delightful.   Service is excellent and atmosphere is very friendly.
5	excellent place with great selections - unique Asian inspired burgers are a welcome change to the monotonous burger scene in Charlotte
4	The namesake burger was perfectly cooked to temperature (why is it that so hard for other places to do?) and delicious.  The jalapeno fries--fries topped with pureed jalapenos--transported me back to the green salsas of my favorite Texas tacquerias.  Just enough heat to get your attention.  I will be definitely go back.
2	Went for lunch on a Saturday and surprised it was as empty as it was, two other tables when we sat down, about the same when we left.  The staff was very friendly, but not very knowledgeable so still points there, service experience overall is key, especially the lengths they went through to answer the questions.  The Edamame appetizer was over steamed and bland, wouldn't order again. I had the slider sampler (NomNom and Pad Thai burgers and Banh Mi sand) which was a mistake only because such small patties of meat tend to dry out fast, both my burgers were dry as a bone.  My son had the kids burger which was not dry, tasted fair but still not anything I couldn't cook at home.  The fries were boring.  Wife had the Peeking Duck burgers which of the 4 min sands, two had nice cuts of duck the other two were loaded with fat and skin and uneatable. Our mediocre experience doesn't mean its a bad place, maybe just the "C" team was working that day. Try it for yourself.  We, on the other hand, did try it and will not go back.
5	Fantastic burgers, well cooked and the toppings and flavors were delicious, I try to limit carbs but this is one place I would not want my burger to go naked as you really need the bun to properly enjoy it. I had the kalbi burger, delicious. I did try a bite of the pad Thai burger, it was a little lacking on flavor, well cooked, just could have used more sauce. They also carry local beers, which I always consider a plus they have e smoothies with tapioca pearls, try the green tea one, it's worth it.
3	Meh.  I mean, why do so many places try and put weird spins on the cheeseburger?  The cheeseburger is as much an American classic as the Ford Mustang, fireworks, and petty politics absent logical reasoning, rational thought, and historical accuracy...But I digress.  The burgers are okay.  They are not amazing.  And there's entirely too much stuff on the menu...are you Nom Nom Burger, or Nom Nom Hibachi Asian Fusion Burger?It was just okay.  I wouldn't come back, not with so many other places to get quality burgers.  And the beer and wine selection is pretty sparse.  Maybe that's not the kind of establishment it is, but either go all in or don't go at all, in my opinion.  Local craft options were nice, however.  Wine was toilet wine.If you desperately want to do it, make a trip out of it.  Otherwise, head somewhere else for a tried and true take on the classic.  Like Five Guys.
5	This is one of the best burger places in town! If you love burgers and Asian inspired dishes...This is your place. They take your typical American burger and kick it up a notch with great asian flavor. On top of that, they always have great service!
5	I love this place!! Came here on Christmas Eve to meet with friends who were visiting home. Everyone ordered something different and we all shared. LOVED everything we ordered which was basically the entire menu. 'Nuff said, go check them out!!
2	Okay totally thought the burger concept was all about "get and go" nope not here. My colleague got a hair cut from sports clip and when he arrived the food hadn't made it to the table. In fact, our original waiter only returned to our table for one refill. Now if the place was packed I would understand the wait but there were only 6 tables with guest and the table next to us, came after and got there food before us. In summation, this may have been a good restaurant if I would have read a review, researched the menu via the website and somehow took a guess that my waiters multi-tasking abilities would be the ban of my existence!
4	One part burger... one part Asian. Put them together.... Delicious. Yes, that's with a capital D.I walked in to grab lunch this afternoon. The door hadn't even closed yet before a friendly worker walked up, greeted me and informed me the host would be with me in just one second. Then another smiling employee. Everyone here is beyond nice. Love that. All restaurants should strive to have a staff like this.I wasn't sure what to get. The host took the time to walk through the menu with me. I finally landed on the sliders. I wanted a chance to try three different burgers. The Nom Nom was hands down the winner for me. The special teriyaki sauce... the shittake mushrooms. So good. The Pad Thai was also great. The Banh Mi was my least favorite of the trio, but it's hard to compete with the other two. Alright, here's all you need to know when ordering a side item: GET THE SHRIMP CHIPS. Do not pass go, do not collect $200. Just order them. They are just fantastic. I dipped mine in the sauce that comes with the Banh Mi. Each chip sizzled like pop rocks candy with each dip. Don't mind me... I'm just a big kid playing with her food.The wipe off board has Ramen listed as a Winter special. You can pick the broth and protein. I cannot wait to go back and try that. I also want to try the Not So Lonely burger. Several people have told me it's one of their favorite turkey burgers in the city.Local craft beers on tap. Convenient location. Will be a great place to eat lunch outside when it warms up this Spring. Solid place to grab lunch or dinner. I will definitely be back... probably sooner rather than later!
5	Bday eat fest continued....boy, where to begin;  how about the "nom nom wings".  O.M.G!!  They absolutely were the BOMB!  They tasted like cocheechong (you Koreans know what time it is when it come to that flavor, out of sight!!).  Then my wife took a bite of her Kalbi burger and her eyes rolled to the back of head; I thought oh know (wink wink) but I knew we had a winner, but wasn't expecting this" "this is the BEST burger I've ever had". I took a bite and cried a little I think cause it was sooo good"!  If you've not been you've got to try this joint!!
4	Burger night, we headed to Nom Nom in the shopping center on the south east side of Park and Woodlawn. Downstairs, I think this used to be a Mama Fu's?Sunday night, the service was a little show. I think the waitress specifically didn't take our order because the kitchen was running behind. She was really the only waitress staffing the dozen and a half tables, plus two management types (owners?) were bringing completed food from the kitchen and bussing tables.When we did get our order in, I chose Olde Mecklenburg Brewery's Captain Jack (a local brewery) and the Nom Nom Burger. Rather than the standard fries, I upgraded to the Sriracha Fries. Our burgers arrived not too much later. Cooked as ordered, it was medium rare with a nice pink center. Lots of meat here, topped with melted provolone, mushrooms and onions. Excellent. The fries were good, tossed with Sriracha sauce for a really nice bite.The waitress was really trying, but the service was slow despite her efforts. Maybe it was busier on a Sunday than they expected. YMMV.I've had better, I've had a lot worse. I would probably return. Four stars.
3	Great food, sorry service.  My girlfriend and I have eaten here twice now and the food has been excellent but is overshadowed by the horrible service of the wait staff.  Both times the two of us were 2 of 6 customers in the entire place.  5 minutes after being seated we finally met our waitress.  After that our food was served by someone else and drinks were dry for far to long considering how busy they were not.  When we did receive refills the drinks were wrong and when alerted two different waiters made no attempt to remedy this.  Ahi tuna burger and nom believer were great.
5	Silly name and a bit hard to get to, but Nom Nom Burger makes some seriously good food. We started with the calimari...lightly fried with jalapeno peppers and a sweet dipping sauce. Delish!  Our waitress suggested the titular burger and it was extremely good. Very tasty. The wife just got appetizers...fried tempura shrimp with curry power salt and aji tuna tartar. Both were excellent. /all in all, this was a great meal. We will be back.
5	A great meal.  I have never been disappointed.  The Bonzi wings are the bomb - sweet and spicey.  The Peeking duck with the salt pork belly and the cool of the cucumber was a great combination.  Never miss a chance to go.
4	After reading the reviews I had to go and try the Nom Nom Burger.  It didn't disappoint and was really tasty.  I will be back to try some of the other burgers.
4	Great menu with a ton of options. A lot of burger joints get old too quick, because you get kinds burnt out on burgers, no matter what the combination. Nom Nom has a great Katsu fried fish sandwich, which is saying a lot to get me interested in something other than beef. They also have Peking duck steamed buns with pork belly in it too! crazy good. But my favorite is the Kalbi burger, hands down. Being Korean, I have been guilty of putting kimchi in my burgers before, but they took it over the too by adding a sunny side up egg, and the marinade is great. Staff has always been really nice and on point, in all 4 visits here. Gotta try this place at least once or twice!
5	Ordered the Kalbi burger this time and it was simply the best burger I've ever had; no joke...maybe I'm partial to the kimchee and fried egg, and those are big components but the meat itself and the way it's marinated is simply an unbeatable combo in my judgment. Awesome!!!
4	Nom Nom is yum yum.
4	Nom Nom Burger is the place to go for a burger that's Asianized. I know it's not an actual word, but imagine your favorite bulgogi Korean beef, kimchi, and use your American burger buns - you get a nice meal. Food -I got the Korean bulgogi burger and it was delicious. It was definitely messy - so be prepared for lots of napkins. Loved their sweet potato fries.As for drinks, I've ordered the taro milk tea and loved it. It was not a slushy, which some places make them that way. The only disappointment is when they have hard or very chewy tapioca balls - it's not fun to drink.Service - When it gets busy, your food will take awhile to get to you. I saw other people who were definitely not trilled to wait around for the food and their checks. Our waiters and waitress who took care of us at different times, were kind and attentive when you ask for their service.
4	First time stopping after driving by many times. Had wings for app, the sauce on them was great. Burgers came out cooked perfectly and were also tasty. Glad I finally stopped in!
4	Half price wings has moved from Tuesday to Thursday, so we were bummed when we expected to get half price wings the last Tuesday we went to find out they aren't doing them on that day anymore.  Nonetheless, their burgers are amazing and so tasty.  But my favorite is that they have Taro bubble tea shakes which I can't find ANYWHERE ELSE in Charlotte, so this is my go to place when I am in my Asian bubble tea mood.  Check them out, you'll love them!
4	The atmosphere is just ok here on the inside, but the patio is awesome.  Be sure to go on a nice weather day.The burgers here are delicious! I love to order the Nom Nom sliders to get a little sampling of different ones.  I've also had the California Wrap at lunch before and it is yummy.
1	The food wasn't bad but the burger was so greasy I had to constantly wipe my hands. There weren't many people in the restaurant either. Not going back for something I can make at home.
3	Delicious food (try the teriyaki chicken burger!) but terrible service. Maybe the waiter was new.
5	Had lunch there for the first time and tried the sliders!  YUM!!  We all loved our food and the Pad Thai Burger was my fave!  Service was great and everyone was friendly.  Would definitely go back - absolutely delicious!!!!
4	Back for the Korean Kolbi burger. Well I've discovered that I do NOT like kimchee. Nothing wrong with the burger. ...excellent quailty and great flavors. But the kimchee just isn't my favorite. I don't know exactly what it is but my taste buds scream NO MORE.....UNCLE.....ARRET! This is not to say I don't love Nom Nom....I DO! It's just that I discovered that I don't particularly care for one component on the burger. My burger was cooked perfectly medium and deliciously juicy.I still highy recommed Nom Nom!
5	Always enjoying sitting out on the patio at  NOM NOM's. Started off by having Coco Loco from NODA Brewery. Then ordered the Peking Duck with garlic fries side. Very succulent and delicious.  Charlotte is lucky to have this concept restaurant. This is not just a burger joint. Come experience it for yourself and see why.
5	Originally, based on my first experience, I was going to give Nom Nom a 4 star review.  After a handful of other visits, I am upping it to a 5 star for overall great food and service time and time again.I would say that Nom Nom is my fancy burger place to go in Charlotte. Oddly enough, I have probably ordered wings as many times as I have a burger. I particular like the nom nom and the bonzai wings. For burgers, I or the wife have tried the basic nom nom, ahi, superstition, peeking duck, fish tacos, banh mi and the sliders, which include smaller versions of the nom nom, pad Thai and banh mi. I was not really a fan of the duck one and the fish tacos and the nom nom are probably my favorites. Last time I ordered the sliders allowing me to also try the pad Thai, which was very flavorful and the chance to have a great variety of burgers. The fries as a side are good, and they have a good variety of French fries options, but the side salad with the ginger dressing is worth the up charge. I must thank the wife for originally ordering it. I will definitely be a regular at Nom Nom in the future. I just wish that they were open a little later.
3	Mediocre at best. Food was ok, service was ok, but nothing special. Will not eat here again in the near future.
2	After reading about Nom Nom and seeing that it was a twist on a burger I've never tried, we decided to make the trek. It's not overly easy to find if you don't know what you are looking for. I knew what I wanted before I walked in - the Pad Thai Burger. Pad Thai + Hamburger, how could it go wrong? Unfortunately, it did not live up to expectations. The burger meat was very good on it's own. Unfortunately, everything else was a little bland. Without the name, I would have never guessed Pad Thai was what it was supposed to be. I got fries on the side. I don't like the shoestring style fries in general, but after my wife said that it was as if they had just dumped some old McDonald's fries on the plate, I couldn't see it any other way. Those skinny fries can be good if they are fresh and crispy, but about half mine were the limp ones that get stuck on the bottom of the McDonald's container. I wish them well, but there are other places I'll go in Charlotte to get my burger fix.
4	Please tell me this place will reopen.The first stop after my long flight from New York. It was so delicious, juicy and filling. After the burger, I thought I couldn't eat another bite, but the fries were too good to resist.
