4	Had an hour or so to kill before we headed down the strip for dinner reservations, so we made our way through the sad, smoky casino, which was nearly deserted on Thanksgiving weekend, towards the ass-end of the Monte Carlo. The location of d.Vino is hidden at best (though strategically positioned right across from the theater entrance).We sat at the bar for a drink and I scanned the menu expecting to find yet another uninspired, sad-sack wine menu put together by some flunkie. Oops, I was wrong. Some pleasant suprises on there, including several more obscure italian reds, and an interesting assortment of beers from the same.  Anyone familiar with Italian beermaking knows that for years the best we've been able to procure in the states is Peroni or Moretti, neither which are worth the cost of shipping it over in the first place.  Imagine my surprise when they  had a good half-dozen microbrews, including a $15-a-bottle chestnut ale.Well, I love beer and I'm a sucker for chestnuts, so I ordered it (got their last bottle). While we chatted up Brook, the bartender, we realized he was one of the very few that gave half a damn about the propagation and preservation of his craft; we discussed everything from the history of cocktails to the impact of different gins in a mixed drink. Our conversation meandered to the usage of bitters, and I lamented the fact that so few bars stock an ingredient necessary to my favorite libation: an Old Fashioned. He, produced a bottle of Fee's Orange Bitters from under the counter with a flourish, "You mean this?" SOLD. Yes, bad idea to mix drinks but finding a barkeep that doesn't screw up an Old Fashioned is a rarity. His was one of the best I've had, ever. He also challenged my  wife's assertion that gin drinks taste terrible by whipping up an ominous-sounding cocktail called "Satan's whiskers" and offering to toss it and make something else if she didn't LOVE it. Well, he lost no money on that wager. She's adding it to  her permanent rotation. We hadn't the chance to investigate d.Vino's food menu but it looked varied enough. It's on our list to try in the future, even if we won't stay at the hotel next time.
4	The only reason I went to this restaurant was cause I had a coupon for a free appetizer there. Vegas is expensive and free is always welcomed. We ordered the Shrimp and Scallop appetizer and while it was very very small, it was delicious. For the main course we had some kind of pasta with Italian sausage (sorry for not remembering the exact dish). It was very delicious. While the food servings were kind of small for the prices, the taste was great. What took our experience to the next level was the service. It was amazing. Everyone involved in providing us with something that night was courteous, on time, and made the entire experience enjoyable. Our waiter was on point the entire night and his service alone would rate 5 stars. Wish I would've got his name to post it here. Would definitely go back just for the service. Wish the food portions were bigger though.
4	I was staying in the Monte Carlo and really just looking for something passable and convenient for dinner.  I went to d.vino hoping for a decent glass of wine at least.Not only did they have an intriguing (however small) wine selection, but the food was surprisingly good.  I had the beef carpaccio and the truffle-infused papardelle with a glass of Aglianico.  The carpaccio was fine and not disappointing, but the papardelle was fantastic: thin sheets of pasta and just the right amount of truffle oil so as not t ve overwhelming.  To finish the meal, I had a chestnut beer from Italy.  Thick and sweet, it was an ideal dessert dish on its own.My only complaint was that the dishes came out too fast.  I had not finished the carpaccio by the time the papardelle came out.  This was awkward but not unforgivable.
3	I was staying at the Monte Carlo last weekend, and after my friend and I drove them from LA on Saturday, we were starving. So we went to d.Vino.We split a five-cheese plate and the bolognese burger. The food seemed a little overpriced ($14 just for the burger), but the cheeses were tasty, and they were really nice about giving us extra bread, honey, and compote to taste them with.I would go back for more cheese, but probably not for a meal.
4	Went on Valentine's Day for dinner. Chose this establishment because Brand is open to the casino and didn't have the ambiance we wanted. The wine selection is interesting. More so by what they didn't have, such as Riesling, Gewurztraminer and Lambrusco. Ordered both of the veal dishes, salmon penne and lobster ravioli (special). The veal dishes were excellent, and decent portions. The penne was barely filling, and the ravioli was comprised of about 8 little pieces. I filled up on bread. Food is expensive, but was prepared well. Service was more than adequate. Attire kinda business casual.
4	We stopped here while walking through all the casinos in Vegas.  the location is really good and the decorations are cute and inviting.  I had the gnocchi for lunch and it was really tasty, although spicier than you think it is going to be.  Both of the people that I was with had pizzas and they said they were delicious.  The wait staff were really friendly and knowledgeable about wine.  We ordered a tasty and reasonably priced bottle of wine.  Overall, a really great place for wine and tasty food!!
2	Arghle.  I wanted to like d.Vino so badly, with its adorable kitschy little posters all over the Monte Carlo of a pin-up riding a Vespa on a red checked background.  I'm a total sucker for stuff like that.A quick note: If you're the guy at the $25 blackjack table playing $50 a hand, you can go ahead and skip the rest of this review because you are for shizz not going to have the same problems at d.Vino that I had.The night started out promisingly, with a cute little area at the front for our party of 9 to wait (and a teal Vespa on a pedestal behind the bar) , and a just-right round table where we could all see each other.  We were brought the d.Vino "house water," which comes in clear wine bottles and which, at first, we were not sure was free.  Our server explained that they sterilize wine bottles to serve their triple-filtered tap water, and to their credit, it was very good water.  (Weird, I agree, but a nice touch.)A couple of us ordered the soup del giorno, a cream of artichoke and sweet corn garnished with a quenelle of ricotta and a drizzle of olive oil, and it was incredible (although the puree was sort of an off-putting non-color).  They brought out baskets of several kinds of yummy breads with fresh pesto and little cigars of butter drizzled with something tomatoey and salty.Things went downhill from there.  The Caesar salad is $12, and a few in our party split a couple for appetizers.  They're not for splitting.  They're salad-sized square glass plates with a couple leaves of romaine, two small sheets of parmesan, and maybe five or six croutons.  I don't care how good your salad is (and it wasn't great), $12 for the ingredients on that plate is beyond outrageous.  Worse, two in our party ordered salads plus chicken as meals, and the meal-sized salads, while $5 more, were no bigger.  Just, there was also some chicken.  WTF?  The rest of the entree portions were similarly deplorable, employing the Big Empty Plate aesthetic that I despise so, so much.  I had the chicken parmigiana, easily the largest entree on the table, and it was average.  The breading was overly herby and quite spikey, not quite fine enough, which gave it a weird texture, and the mozzarella was giving off a "they just opened a bag of Kraft" vibes.  However, the sauce on the accompanying spaghetti was a light, buttery pomodoro that was the highlight of the plate.  There was just nothing about it that was worth $22.One of us got the prix-fixe meal, which came with tirimasu that was similarly average.  It was small, mostly ladyfingers, and served with two ladyfingers as garnish.  Maybe it's me, but ladyfingers are useless cookies unless they're soaked in espresso and smothered in marscapone custard, and they were just too dry to eat.  We didn't finish the tirimasu, which would surprise you if you knew my family, and should maybe surprise you anyway since I'll remind you that there were nine of us.Worst point of the evening was the service, which was grumpy and lacking.  They seemed understaffed, but the place was sort of empty.  When we realized that they had tacked on 20% gratuity to the bill, it became clear that our server knew she wouldn't have to work for a very decent tip (came out to be like $56, pretty nice for an hour's work) so she just didn't bother.  We were sort of disgusted by the tip issue... it's not surprising to have a tip added to a large party, but it's almost always mentioned verbally or on the menu, and it's never more than 18%.  The food wasn't worth the price, the service wasn't worth the tip.  Go to the Cafe instead.
1	OMG.  Let me just tell you....So my boyfriend and went to Vegas for the Memorial Day weekend.  Before our drive back we decided to check out D.Vino for dinner.  BAD IDEA!The food was mediocre.  But worst part... Both my boyfriend and I got food poisoning from this restaurant.  I think it was the Lasagna that was on their Sunday special.  It tasted like crap... now we both feel like crap.  I would DEFINITELY stay away from this place.
3	A little on the pricey side but to be fair I'll attribute that to being at a restaurant on the Strip. The Ziti I ordered was good, not exceptional (with chicken it was close to $30). It had a lot of flavor.  I didn't care for the mixture they serve with the bread (parsley), just about anything would have been better. A couple girls in our party ordered beer on tap and we were told that 6 of the beers weren't available because it had frozen the night before. Was a little surprised that a nice restaurant within a massive casino that has a bar everywhere you turn couldn't accomodate filling a beer order .What can I say, I wasn't blown away. We did however have a great private room with a long table for our group next to the kitchen which was wonderful. And the service was quality.
5	I second Jamie's review below (full disclosure: I was with her when we went to vegas).  An example of the superb customer service is when we inquired about the bartender's (Brook) favorite drinks to make, he brought the obscure ingredients in the next day so that we could try them!  I believe they even included some homemade ingredients.  This is an excellent place to go before you go out on the town, and feels extra special because of the service.
4	Cute little restaurant in the Monte Carlo.  Went with my good friend for dinner before we went back up to get ready to go out clubbing.It feels really intimate even though it's a pretty expansive restaurant.  The decor is really modern and contemporary, with a cute oversized vespa behind the bar.My friend order the caprese salad and the bolanese, and I had the wide noodle with arugula, and prawns.  My dish was really good and I enjoyed every bite.My friend had a cappuccino as her dessert as well.  The bill was pricey, but hey, it's a restaurant on the strip...what do you expect?Service was excellent.  The waiter was super attentive, the manager was walking around making sure our meals were to our liking.Will be back if I stay in Monte Carlo and want a "splurge" but not to the same extent of my other meals that I have written about before (aka Fiamma)
4	$14.95 for a 3 course lunch!!! We were sold! We actually came to eat here for lunch twice during our stay at the Monte Carlo because of the price and quality of food. The menu gave you different options per course to mix and match which gave us the opportunity to try different meals each time. We started with bread that had a parsley spread which was amazing. You can taste the light balsamic vinaigrette accompanied by a good amount of chopped parsley. I ordered the Cesar salad as opposed to the soup because it was hot outside and I really didn't feel like eating soup. You can't really mess up on a Cesar salad, but this one was pretty tasty. The dressing was light so that every piece of lettuce was lightly sauced but not over bearing. I especially loved the Parmesan shavings!! I love cheese and there were enough shavings for every bite! It was soooo good I had it twice! My main course on day 1 consisted of Skewered beef and the Penne Pesto Pasta. The skewered beef was dry and tasted like cow.. not in a good way. The Penne Pasta, however, was amazingly delicious. Dipping the meat in the pasta sauce made it taste better. My main course on day 2 consisted of Chicken and Spaghetti Pomodoro. Both dishes were scrumptious!!! The chicken was tender and saucy. It came with capers as well that complimented the white sauce. The spag was flavorful and you can taste the fresh tomatoes. Ambiance: Classy and sophisticated. Despite the Vespa propped on top of the bar.  The walls were lined with what looked like a wine cellar theme/book case of wine.  Service: Our waiter was awesome and informative. He gave us club recommendations and gave us FREE dessert: Tiramasu!!! Another reason why we came back!
4	They have an awesome 3 course lunch for $14.95!  You can choose from a ceasar salad or a tuscan bean soup, chicken piccata or steak skewers, and fettucine alfredo, penne pesto pasta or spaghetti pomodoro.  We opted for the salad, steak skewers, spaghetti and a margherita pizza.  We started with bread and a delicious parsley oil spread.  The steak was lightly flavored with green peppers and onions, and the spaghetti tasted very authentic. The pizza was scrumptious, but the mozzarella cheese could have been sliced thinner.Classy and sophisticated yet cozy ambiance.  The walls were lined with bookcases of wine. Our waiter was very attentive and gave me terrific wine recommendations!  Go with the Terrace Zin.  It was the best of the three reds that I sampled.
4	Ordered bruschetta, oyster shooter, tiger prawns off their happy hour menu.  I have never had an oyster shooter before, it was different. Was not anything I think I will have a craving for, but it was not horrible either. The Bruschetta tasted awesome and the Tiger Prawns were fried and had this orange tasting sauce on them.  For happy hour decent menu (better than most on the Strip). It is more of an upscale restaurant.
3	We were looking for a good happy hour near or inside Monte Carlo.  The only thing that we ordered that is worth mentioning were the tiger prawns and oyster shooters.  They only come in a pair, but they were good.  Not worth the price (even at happy hour), but good.  We also ordered a round of oyster shooters.  They were pretty good and had a good aftertaste (odd for seafood) so have those last.  The service was fast and the bartender was friendly.  Maybe worth it for happy hour.
3	Monte Carlo Hotel and Casino underwent a complete renovation of their casino including many restaurants within the hotel. Market City Cafe which was located next to Dragon Noodle decided it was time for much more than a facelift...a name change too. DVino is a spin off from the Burbank,CA location and formerly at the Monte Carlo Las Vegas. The entrees have changed a bit and not for the better. The prices for my favorite at Market City-the Lasagna will run you $9 more in Vegas than it will in Burbank. The restaurant still has trouble luring in customers which would make you feel weary how much the food pushes. I don't think the Lasagna was worth $20 and a glass of wine will run you $13 minimum. One noticeable change was the elimination of the salad bar which was enticing to many guests. Would I go back? NO not at all. The food wasn't as good its predecessor and they should of just kept the Market City name. 70/100.I Duke it though but barely.
4	We were delirious.  We were hungry. We were in the Monte Carlo. D.Vino looked like a good option.The space is cute and inviting.Our server Michael was great.  He was kind, attentive, and on point with his suggestions.  The food was hot, fresh, and tasty.  Great thin crust pizza, ice cold water, and good table bread for picking before dinner.  Pricing was fair, and we left happy!
1	Knowing nothing about this place other than it looked cute and not too crowded on a Halloween Sunday, we walked in.  Service was prompt from the beginning, though the hostess was a bit abrupt.  Our server, Tiffany, was excellent, thorough and quick to refill a beverage.  The food however, was bland at best and misleading at worst.  We went with the fixed menu (possibly the first mistake) and were very disappointed.  The Caesar salad was bland, but not terrible.  The entrees however, were awful.  I had the lasagna which was fine except that they had evidently layered two slices of american cheese (though white) over the top and had not taken the time to properly melt them.  It really detracted from the taste.  My boyfriend had ordered the spaghetti and meatballs, which came with "garlic toast."  Upon receiving the entree, he asked about the garlic toast.  The server said that it didn't come with the meal.  So we asked our server, Tiffany.  She brought over the menu and when we pointed out the actual words on the menu, she told us that this meant "toasted garlic in the sauce not garlic bread."  She was as friendly as possible about it, but could obviously see our unhappy expressions.   Then, to top it off, dessert arrives--a dessert we ordered on her recommendation.  It was supposed to be a custard topped with strawberries.  The custard came, and the strawberries were missing.  When I asked, she looked embarrassed and said that they had just run out of strawberries.  At that point I was just fed up.  Instead of letting us know that they were out of something so that we could change our order, they tried to serve a half-assed dish and hope that we wouldn't notice.  To compensate us for our "trouble" they took 25% off the bill, which afterwards was still $72.   I think it was highly overpriced, mediocre food, and I will not be returning, nor will I be recommending it.
4	I'm a little bit confused about the mixed reviews on this restaurant.  Perhaps different chefs??? In any event I had a very positive meal at this restaurant on a Friday evening.Service was excellent.  We had a very attentive waitress and our water glasses we never empty....On to the food:Complimentary foccacia and fresh baked bread with roasted garlic (love!) and a parsley and red pepper oil.Cheese plate: $13 gave you 3 choices of cheese (we chose a blue cheese and 2 other soft cheeses) served with slices of baguette, honeycomb honey & fruit compote.  Now I know that this is easy to prepare but I liked the options, presentation and price.Seafood risotto: $22 chock full of calamari, clams, shrimp.  Very nice flavors.I have to say that I was almost full by the time my main entree came and made a note to myself to return here ONLY for the cheese and meat apps... With some great wine, this is a perfect spot for "pregaming" for a night of dancing.
3	First of all, the service was great. I'd give them 4.5 stars based on service alone. We celebrated a friend's birthday here and were given the private room with a huge banquet-size table. They didn't sing happy birthday (booo), but they did give the birthday girl a free shot! Also, we never had an empty water glass and the wait staff was very friendly.The food, however, was kind of disappointing. The pumpkin risotto ($18) was almost flavorless. I had to add a lot of parmesan and cracked pepper to make it edible. I also had a few bites of the chicken piccata which was well-cooked, but it was just chicken and gravy. Isn't chicken piccata supposed to have a lemony flavor?? I did not detect any whatsoever.It's just meh. Eat here if they gave you a coupon or something, but that's it!
4	Great place. Staff is always on top of every single detail. Gnochi Is amazing. They are also known for their squash pumpkin soup. Its really amazing.
3	The service here was s-u-p-e-r s-l-o-w.  Despite it being past regular dining hours and there were only a handful of tables besides ours in there, service was shoddy.  The oysters were really fresh and delicious and my pasta was not bad.  My friend wasn't too happy with her salad and the server asked us if she wanted us to remove it from the bill.  Um, you have to ask?  It was OK to go for a last minute, we don't know where to go and eat place but I probably wouldn't head back to this restaurant anytime soon.
2	I was not impressed with this restaurant.From what I have heard the restaurant has changed chefs (if there is a chef) and you can tell as this place has an identity crisis. It is stuck between a formal Italian restaurant and a modern trendy restaurant which just leaves it as an awkward ambiance. We went on a Thursday night and sat in a side room they had. The night started off on the wrong foot with our waiter who made it apparent that he was not sure what he was doing by how he was acting. Things continued down hill as we received our appetizers. We ordered an olive plate, shrimp, muscles and calamari. It all seemed too prepared in advance and came out modestly warm. When our entrees came out we had the same experience. The food tasted alright, but nothing to think twice about. We also ordered desserts including ice cream and fried custard. From the reactions at the table, the ice cream was good and they do have a lot of different flavors, but the fried custard was not what i expected. I was expecting more of a Mexican fried ice cream, but received warm fried custard with pistachios which I was not expecting. I will give this dessert the benefit of the doubt as I bet some people would have enjoyed it. Overall I cannot recommend this restaurant.
4	Wow, D.Vino really impressed me! When we changed out reservations from Circo at the Bellagio to here I was thinking, this is a downgrade. Boy was I wrong! D.Vino's Bread plate is incredible with Foccacia,  and two other types of Fresh Bread with Parsley and Red Pepper EVOO and Roasted Garlic. The Roasted Cauliflower was the best dish of the night, covered with a red sauce and roasted perfectly, it melted in your mouth and left you wanting more. The Caesar Salad was great. I ordered the Seafood Risotto. Talk about delicious! I ate till I couldn't move! I wish I had the opportunity to try everything on the menu.
5	My review is based solely on an experience with d.vino's happy hour, and it was amazing!  They had a small menu of $5 glasses of wine and in true Vegas fashion the pours were quite full (probably almost two regulation servings.)In addition, they had a Foursquare check-in deal that let you have a free appetizer just for checking in once -- I went with the mussels and got a GIANT bowl of 20 mussels.  They were wonderful.  Perfect.  I want them again right now!I will definitely return to try their dinner menu after my happy hour experience.
3	A step up from the Olive Garden in a nicer, better ambiance, fun location. Bread and pasta taste very fresh. Great service. I would only go here again if I'm staying at the Monte Carlo ( which I was ).  I can't picture myself driving out of my way to get here..
2	Could be a nice place to enjoy a glass of wine, but the bartender was so rude and was bothered to have us there that it made it an unenjoyable experience.  I heard him tell a customer that he was frazzled - not sure why since there were less than 10 people in the place!  He kept giving his coworkers nasty looks too, so he must have a reputation of having a terrible attitude!
3	We had a very basic, yet decent snack/light dinner at d'Vino over Memorial Day weekend.  Didn't have any entrees, though the tables around us appeared to be happy with their food.By now you know you start with the foccacia & dipping oil.  Good bread & overall well seasoned.   We then moved on the cheese plate -- a good selection of cheeses & prosciuttos and served plank-style with the fruit & honeycomb,etc.  Delicious cheeses and a great proscuitto with even more bread, etc.Service was ok -- fortunately we knew what the cheeses were because our waiter, when questioned about the cheese options, told us that he hadn't learned all of them yet because he was lactose-intolerant.  Wow -- TMI!  Anywho, other than that faux pas, he was attentive and eager.Wine list was ok, with a decent mix -- should have gone with a wine by the glass, the bottle we had was fine (wine wise), just not my favorite enough to finish a whole bottle.Would have felt much better about it if we had spent $40 - $50 for the cheese plate & wine (BTG) instead of almost $100 for the cheese and bottle of wine (that we took with us & I ended up pouring out the next morning when we checked out of the Bellagio).We may go back -- there's just way too many other great dining options to plan to go back.  Cie le vie.
4	Louie was such a professional and pleasant bartender. I inquired on many menu items, inlcuding the wine list while visiting. He was knowledgeable and helpful in assisting in a decision as to what I should sample. I enjoyed the calamari and cheese tray.  Both were delicious!
3	After a day at the pool and before a night out we decided to try this place out. We ordered some wine and I ordered the seafood risotto. Unfortunately, I was brought the veggie risotto. My waitress soon noticed her mistake and placed the order for the seafood risotto. Once it finally arrived I thought it was delicious. It had calamari, clams, mussels, and shrimp.I'd definitely go back during happy hour, as I thought the food was good but a bit pricey. I see they offer some great specials on apps for happy hour.
4	D.Vino is nside the Monte Carlo and situated right near the front  with the restaurant entrance right on to the casino floor.  I sat at the bar, which isn't really this places scene, but I was by myself and they probably wanted me away from the more distinguished clientele.  The service was fine, the bartender was more interested in chatting up the middle aged woman sitting next to me than myself, but I wasn't hurt too badly by it.  The free bread that comes with roasted garlic and some sort of parsley olive oil was good to great in my book.I ordered a large glass (they have 3 sizes) of the cheapest chianti and it sucked, and then I ordered some other red (maybe a cab) and it was decent.  Prices were a bit high for the cheap end stuff, but if I was looking to drop some serious bills on my wine (always a better decision) the list looked pretty good.For my entree I think I had some sort of chicken parm. dish, that was large and well cooked.  It came with some eggplant that was okay, but the real surprise was that it was a LARGE plate of food, given that usually Italian places always leave me wanting more.  Add to that it was delicious and you have got me sold.I was looking to spend 40 and ended up dropping closer to 60.  D.Vino is a good spot, but not sure if it can compete in the 60 bracket, but in the 40 bracket it is a 5 star to be sure.
1	I am a really good tipper.  I have worked in the restaurant industry as a server, bartender, and hostess, so I know what it is like to work for tips.  But, for the first time in my entire life, I left a restaurant without leaving a tip.  Let me tell you why...The BF and I were in the Monte Carlo because we were seeing the Jabbawokeez show.  When we picked up our tickets at will call, the ticket agent asked if we had eaten yet, and offered us 20% off coupons for d. Vino, and the Asian noodle place next door.  We decided on Italian because he said they could definitely get us in and out before our show that started in just over a hour.  Things started off well...we were seated immediately, and our 'server' greeted us after a few minutes to take our drink order.  We both stuck to water.  Then she left, presumably to give us a few minutes to look at the menu...and never came back.  We waited a full 15 minutes, and when the manager saw me doing the 'look around for my server' thing, he came over to see if everything was okay.  When I told him we were ready to order, he took our order.  So, let me set up the timeline for you...from the time we gave our order, another table was seated next to us, ordered their food, ate their food, paid their bill and left...all before we got our food.  I swear i am not making this up.  Also, in the mean time, no server has returned to our table.  Only the busser with some bread...which was really good, btw.  When our food arrives, there is no steak knife for my bf, and no one checks on us to see if we need anything.  I then have to walk up to the host stand, where the manager is standing to ask if we even have a server, bc no one has returned to our table since he took our order, other than to bring our food.  Yes, he got us a steak knife, but his lack of apology, or action to our poor service was incredibly frustrating.  As far as the food goes, my shirmp and scallops meal was good, the BF's steak was bad, the spinach was good.  When it came time to pay the bill, we chose not to leave a tip, because we honestly did not know who, if anyone, our server was!  I refused to leave even a sub-par tip that would go to someone we never saw.   Having worked in the restaurant industry all throughout and after college, I completely understand the importance of tipping...but in this case, I just couldn't do it.
4	Unlike some of the other reviews that I've seen for this place, I actually enjoyed the menu/my dining experience.  I actually thought that it was a pretty good meal. We came here since I wanted to try out the menu for restaurant week.  So, I got there before the boyfriend and had a seat at the bar.  Yes, I was promptly greeting by a smiling host and hostess.  Afterwards, i was helped by the bartender, and ordered some wine while waiting.  After my boyfriend showed up and we were seated toward the rear part of the restaurant (for a more private dining experience), we had some water and focaccia bread (with an olive oil/herb dipping sauce) while figuring out what to order.  I decided that I didn't need to be drinking and stuck with the regular water (which was refilled by the wait staff on a regular basis), while my boyfriend opted for a glass of red wine.  For our first courses, my boyfriend had the stuffed zucchini with tomato and mozzarella, and bread crumbs, while I had the mussels that were in their own tomato broth (a little spicy) with onions and 2 crostini.  Both were so delicious, but they were also quite hot (which we found out after basically burning our tongues).  Next, he had the Tuscan bean soup with white beans, veggies, pancetta, and red chard.  I, on the other hand, had a really small Caesar salad.  When I say it was small, I mean that I finished the salad in almost 4 bites.  His soup was great, though, although quite hot to begin with.  Again, his soup was delicious, while my salad was, well, a small salad.  For our third courses, we both opted to eat the beef.  Could we have decided on different entrees?  Yes.  However, I already knew that I didn't care for trout or chicken when there was some steak (prime sirloin) that I could have and thoroughly enjoy.  I'll admit that we both got our steaks medium rare, complete with a selection of vegetables and tiny potatoes.  Were we pleased with our decisions?  Of course.  The steak hasn't been the best that I've ever had, but it was quite juicy and cooked to my liking.  For our final course, we both decided to order tiramisu, our favorite, instead of the vanilla panna cotta berry compote.  Again, why mess with what you know and love?  So, when our two slices of tiramisu arrived, we ordered a coffee and quickly devoured the goodness.  Honestly, I've had quite a bit of tiramisu in my day, but I did enjoy eating this particular one--they didn't overdo the shaved chocolate on top, and I thought that it was quite moist and juicy.All in all, a great time, and I definitely want to come back here again should I have a tiramisu craving.  I enjoyed my dining experience, really appreciated the staff's friendliness and attentiveness.  True, we got there at about 5:30pm and it was relatively dead, but I'll admit that I thought that the staff handled us well (even after more customers started showing up).  I'll definitely come back here, should I have another opportunity.
1	The food was "just okay." food was bland and unimaginative. Over priced for what you get. So many better choices in Vegas.
4	Very good food and service. I had the mushroom risotto which was delicious.  I liked the by-the-glass wine menu selections - a nice variety of Italian and domestic picks.  I had the pinot noir by Caymus, called Meomi, which was delicious.  Louie D, the bartender, was learned on the menu and drink selections, and really quite friendly.I am looking forward to going back when I am in town again.
1	Can you give zero stars?  If so, I would have to consider it. Let's start with the good. The beer was ice cold. That sums up the good, here's the rest. I was with a group of 13 in Las Vegas on business and staying at the Monte Carlo. We were seated promptly in a private room that must have been so private the waiters had trouble finding it. We had to track the waiter down to place our order after 45 minutes of waiting. Should have been a sign. I ordered the prime sirloin and it was repulsive. I can't describe the taste other than to say if you took rancid meat, threw it in the grill for 5 minutes and then served it you would be close. I had order medium and got raw. It wasn't the fact that it wasn't cooked right but the taste that was such a turn off.  When I complained they asked if I would like to try something else so I tried Lasagna. Big thick noodles with little to no filling in between. Bad!  When it was time to leave we had to track the waiter down to get the check. No, they didn't take the steak off and there was no visit from the manager apologizing. Don't go here. I won't ever again.
1	This place is terrible. It was a Saturday at about 7:30pmThey ran out of wine glasses.They ran out of bread.The table cloths were brown paper.The Manager tried to explain the difference between Syrah and Petite Sirah as some made up crap about Malbec grapes saying it was a meritage. I've had better pasta at pizza hut.
1	this place is awful. appetizers were almost inedible (calamari was way too chewy and stuffed peppers were only deep fried breading, almost no filling) and the entres were horrible too. I had the farfalle and the pasta wasn't cooked right. Parts were hard and parts were mushy. Avoid at all costs.
3	Food was ok, the chicken was dry for my Chicken Alfredo.
1	I will never recommend this place for a big party to dine. I've had two bad experiences here. Let me just say that our server was the best! He was very patient and understanding of our needs. As a former server, I understand how difficult a large table can be, especially when you're expected to run things perfectly. He kept his cool and never let us know he felt pressured. Here are my gripes: - Appetizers didn't come out. They were just lagging big time. We had to wait almost 30 minutes to see the first plate of cheese and then another ten to get the second plate that was ordered.  - Entrees were no brought out at the same time. Like the polite group we were, no one ate a bite until the last plate hit the table. By the time it arrived, my food and majority of our parties food was luke warm. Here are the one pro: - The manager offered to take off one of the bottles of wine we ordered since he knew we had been waiting long for the food. I tried not to fill up on bread waiting, but it was really hard not to. I really wanted to finally like this place. I think if I had come here with my bf it would've been a different experience because it's more personal. With large parties, your attitude and attention goes toward one focus -- food. Unfortunately, we didn't have a good result. Sorry d.Vino, two strikes and you're out.
1	I don't even know where to begin....my boyfriend and I had tickets to see the Jabbawockees (which is an outstanding show btw). So we were looking for a place to dine that was conveniant and on-property. We decided to eat at D Vino because it is located across from the theater and we both love Italian food. The restaurant atmosphere itself is nice. We sat down right away and was served bread and garlic/pesto oil. The bread was good. Our waitress had a luke warm attitude though. She didn't seem overly excited to explain anything when we asked her questions about certain drinks or entrees on the menu. I settled for the mushroom ravioli while the BF ordered linguine w/clams.  I also ordered a glass of wine that came in a champagne flute because they supposedly ran out of wine glasses? I guess not too much of a big deal though...I was still able to enjoy it. The entrees however took forever to receive. Thank god for the bread basket because I would have passed out from starvation.  When I finally received my ravioli I was very disappointed. Not only was the presentation bad (soupy noodles soaked in watery looking marinara sauce) but it tasted bad as well. I've had better tasting ravioli coming out of a can of chef boyardee ??(spell check that).  The BF's  linguine was bland and had no flavor as well. I tasted a couple of bites of his entree and the clams were very rubbery. We finished our meal and raced out of there in time to catch the show. Fast forward 2 hours later after seeing the fabulous Jabbawockees show......the BF was not feeling well at all. To make a long story longer.....he spent the rest of his night in the bathroom .....suffering from food poisoning....bad stomach pains....throwing up....etc...   Around 4am I woke up in the middle of the night with the same symptoms. So not only did the food suck but it made both of us sick too. I would stay far away from this place!
3	I liked my seafood risotto and I liked how they added a lot of seafood to my dish, but the texture of the rice was a little raw for me. They still have some sort of a crunch to them. I like my risotto a bit more creamy, the perfect rice texture for me would be when it's not too chewy but still have a little bounce to each grain. It's kind of hard to describe rice, okay?Server is nice, fills up our water whenever he sees necessary. We got seated on the "outside" area which is outside of the dining room, but still inside the casino. I felt like either the manager or the owner of the restaurant was a little rude. Not because he did something to us, but because he never came over to greet us. Even though he kept on going over to the table next to us to fill their wine, checking up on them. We were literally only about 3 steps away and it never occurred to him that we are paying customers too and a "how's the food?" would make us feel a little invisible from him. Two other tables around us also got the missing attention so shame on him for being selective-people pleaser.The bill came out to be a little bit on the costly side when I didn't feel like the quality was worth it. I've had paid for fraction of the cost for something better. Although, if you go over to the box office, they have a 20% off coupon for you to use. Which was what got us to try this place in the first place. If I were a passerby, not sure if I would have ate here...
4	I happen to be in town for restaurant week.   A Week where restaurants have a fixed menu for discount prices.This restaurant was great.  It did not feel like. Discount menu, they made the 4 course meal seem awesome!Great appetizers, great wine and very good food.
2	The calamari was delicious & probably one of the best that I've ever had. The wine pours were also extremely generous, but that may just have been because the bartender was bored. That's about it. Granted, we did not come here for a meal - we wanted wine & cheese.They were out of half of the cheeses we wanted, out of two different wines we wanted, and the waiter just didn't seem to have his stuff together. No wonder the restaurant was practically empty at 7pm. Not sure if I'm willing to give it a try for dinner based on the service & being out of stock of items on the menu. The only thing that would bring me back is that calamari.
4	Happened to be in Vegas for restaurant week. Tried the fixed menu....every part of the meal was fantastic. My boyfriend had the shrimp and scallops, cooked perfectly and excellent flavor. Overall I felt it was great food for a moderately priced menu. Only complaint would be that the service was a little slow.
4	Went on a sat night with party of 11 at 8 p.  The service started out kind of slow but then we had 3 people were taking care of us all of a sudden.  Turned out very good.The food.  Faccocia bread is outstanding.  But forget that green stuff they bring, ask for olive oil and balsamic vinegar and let the party start.  We all ate something different and it was all great,  scallops, pizza, Risotto, pasta was great.  The ultimate though was the lasagna.  Too many true blue Italian restaurants can't pull off this staple.  But this dish was phenamenol and the portion size plated was off the charts.  Will definitely eat here again.  Ignore the one star reviews
5	Daniela was a fantastic server, she made the meal great.  The food was awesome. I debated coming here I'm glad I did.The Tuscan Bean soup was delicious, the beans were the perfect consistency, the pancetta was a good size and not over cooked.The stuffed zucchini, was horrible.  But it was free with a check in on four square so I can't complain.The rigatoni with sausage was amazing.  The noodles were cooked al dente as pasta should be.  The sauce was reduced to create a fantastic thickness. The sausage is chunks and  had great spices, not hot but spices.  And it was topped with a dollop of ricotta cheese.  Highly recommended.The tiramisu was acceptable, not great not bad.  And the coffee was good, I like to have it black because you can taste the actual coffee.The server was named Daniela and she was amazing.  She was on top of the entire meal and the timing of the meal done well and I always had everything I needed.  If she is available definitely get her.  Thank you for a great meal.
4	...great food...loved the spicy pomadoro sauce
2	Overall it was a ok place. I would never come here again though. This was my first time on the strip and we decided to have dinner here. Well our waiter tried to sell us wine and we ask what he thought would go good with what we wanted to order. He looked as if he didnt know but made up some stuff just because we told him we dont drink wine. So ended up not ordering the wine because of that. So we got Calamari as a starter and it was burnt. literally. burnt. We returned it and i dont know if im just spoiled or not but the manager never came out to talk to us. I thought that was common practice but o well. watever. the next batch to come out was good not great but we ate it. The only thing that saves this place is the fact that my wife loved her dished but i hated mine. If you can stay away from this place. My wife is just to nice sometimes!
2	This place needs work.  Best part was Caesar's Salad, which was pretty good, goes downhill from there.  Mussels appetizer = dirty sock  Enough said.  Wood-fired pizza needs to completely start over.  Crust is floury, Chef-Boy-Ardee-ish non-memorable.  Many other great examples out there.  Ordered Prosciutto and Mushroom, Prosciutto was thickly cut and in big sheets (yes, pulled off pizza on first bite).  Great gourmet pizza not hard, some market research should help you all.
3	So my closest 17 relatives and I were going to Vegas and I wanted to try to introduce them to some interesting food that they might not otherwise try. Talking to a group like that is like herding cats! MY GAHHHD!!! It was such a loooooong, painful process! I showed them pictures, menus, prices, and spent hours deciding what to eat for our 3 days in Vegas.While talking about our dining options, I often heard: "It's expensive!" "Buffet! Let's go to a buffet!" "That's such a small portion!" "Let's go to the Filipino restaurant!" "Umm...where else can we go?" GEEEEZZZZ. I wanted to end my misery so I gave up persuading them to eat somewhere else.PAN SEARED SCALLOPS - Yessss, oh yeeeees...These scallops were perfectly seared, fresh and tasty! The red wine sauce was so good that I actually ate all the brussels sprouts and parsnip pear pasta that came with it. The sauce had a tremendous flavor but it didn't cover up the scallopy flavor! Is "scallopy" a word? Well, it should be!Nothing else was as superb as the scallops, though.COMPLIMENTARY BREAD - They gave us so much! Unfortunately it wasn't fresh off the oven. I didn't even mind if it was recycled but at least heat it up! The olive oil/balsamic vinegar it came with was spicy and wasn't good. My family, on the other hand, must've liked it cuz they inhaled most of the bread and the olive oil, maybe because the entrees were taking too long.OSSO BUCCO - This was the special that night but it wasn't that special. The meat was fall-off-the-bone tender, it was alright but it was thirsty. I was not impressed with the risotto it came with either, it was a little tough. A little more water all around would be great!TIRAMISU - It was decent and that's all I can say about that.PANNA COTTA - Light, silky, creamy, yummy! But it was just like many a panna cotta I've had.SERVICE - Needs improvement! We were the only customers for a while and their service was so slow. Our entrees took about 45 minutes. It got even slower when more people came in. Our waitress was MIA for so long that we asked another waiter for the dessert menu. It took about 15 minutes for everyone to decide what to get and our waitress was still missing when we were ready to order. When we asked for our waitress the waiter replied, "She's busy." Uhh...how about us??? We didn't want to be late to the Cirque du Soleil show! So another waiter took our order. We finally saw our waitress again when she served our dessert.I was kind of disappointed that my family chose to eat here cuz there are so many other excellent restaurants in Las Vegas. It wasn't a total bummer because the scallops kicked serious ass, the panna cotta was good, and my family liked their dishes. So in the end I guess I didn't mind so much that we had dinner here, but I don't think I could be convinced to eat here again.
5	My friend had suggested we come here for lunch after work one day and I am always willing to try new places. Usually food on the Strip tends to be more pricey and often does not make up for it in quality. That is not the case with d.Vino. As we were eating, the general manager came around to speak with us. I learned a few interesting facts about the restaurant. It is part of a group of establishments including Dragon Noodle next door and Morel's at the Venetian. The pizza dough is flown in from Napoli. The last, they use Kahlua in their tiramisu.As we were waiting for our appetizer, I had ordered a cocktail. I forget the name, but it uses Kai lychee  vodka, creme di cassis, and orange bitters. It was on the sweet side. Fresh bread came out and the chimichurri that comes with it makes it that much better. A few minutes pass and the arancinis came out. The crispy outside and the creamy risotto center was good, but the bolognese sauce underneath makes it better. What this tells me is that the chef understands that the basics are fundamentally important. The sauces are flavorful and do not need to be drowning out the rest of the meal. The lasagna and pizza both had the right amount of sauce to enhance the dish and that's it.  At this point, I could not pick either as my favorite and that is not meant as a negative criticism. Our meal would not complete without dessert. A slice of tiramisu and a cup of coffee was calling my name. One piece was enough for us to share. If I did not eat so much, I would have devoured it by myself.
5	My thanks to Rob and the entire staff at d.Vino for making my birthday celebration so special for me and 14 of my family and friends from all over the US.   Rob gave us the private room,  he recommend Freed's Bakery for my cake (which was also wonderful), the food was outstanding and the service superb.  We all ordered off the menu and our servers recommended several wines that were reasonable and delicious.  It was priceless to have everyone around one large square table, having one conversation, eating wonderful food and drinking great wine.  I highly recommend d.Vino!!
1	Bartenders are awful here. How are you working as a bartender downtown and NOT be able to make a mojito?? Also, the attitude behind the bar was very unpleasant and unprofessional. Spend your money else where!
5	We really liked this place. Great service, great drinks, food was pretty good. It was a bit quiet on the Monday night we were here. I would definitely recommend eating here if you want a relaxing Italian dinner.
5	I'm perplexed as to where in the world the mediocre ratings are coming from, this place is AWESOME!I stumbled upon this beautiful little hideaway a year ago when I saw they were having a sort of oyster-fest (which they don't carry all the time, unfortunately) and found a new favorite Italian place in the process!The interior is elegant with clean lines (which we all know I love) and a very friendly vibe. I knew I'd love it as soon as I saw it.I've been here several times and have just loved it every time. I have no idea what the complaints are about because I rank this as a top spot for both dropping in for a drink as well as dinner.Stopped in last night for my favorite beer, Chimay, and a little appetizer before heading out for the night. Ashley the beautiful bartender is sweet and engaging (and a fellow yelper!) and doesn't make you feel like you're one of many customers. I'll go back just for how nice she makes the bar experience. While there at the bar I had the meatballs al forno, a favorite dish of mine, and they were perfection. They were half pork shoulder/half veal, I was told, and that definitely contributed to their supreme tenderness while the pork held them together perfectly. They were in a mildly spicy tomato sauce that was a perfect accompaniment. Really, really enjoyed these.I've been here before and had the olive oil and bread and the pasta and pizza and I really, really, loved them. The service was excellent even at the busy  time of night that we went. I went back again (had the meatballs AGAIN - still delicious!) and had the stuffed zucchini as well. It was the perfect size together for a small meal. The zucchini had a great flavor and I really liked the mozzarella topping. For dessert I had the tiramisu. Oh. Wow. I really loved the SUBTLE flavor of espresso. Sometimes you can get a tiramisu where the espresso just overpowers the other flavors but this was just right. It was a nice size and melted in my mouth. I highly recommend.I suggest you really go and give this a chance. I really am so surprised at the negative reviews because I've been here and have only great experiences.
5	A very nice, modern and cool wine bar in the Monte Carlo hotel.  While I was only there for a short time the service and vibe was top notch.  The bar manager Ashley was so sweet and personable and really made my group feel welcome.  She was also so instrumental in providing some great dining and entertainment suggestions while my friends and I were in town.  Will visit here again
5	We had a great meal at d. Vino tonight.  The service was great--dealing with multiple food allergies at our table and making great recommendations.  The food was delicious and we were in and out in 1 hour---an important thing with kids under 7.   They were very welcoming to our children and as our children happily colored on the paper table coverings--we were able to have an adult conversation.  A wonderful evening all around.  Thanks d. Vino
2	Service was very slow. Food was ok, but not fantastic. When you're in a town like Las Vegas where you can't swing a dead cat without hitting several dozen world class Italian restaurants, you shouldn't have to settle for this place. Keep looking.
3	I booked this place for our company's annual dinner meeting.  The decor and feel of the place is open and slightly upscale with a full bar and a open view of the pizza making station.  We were seated in a private room of standard decor, nothing special.  we enjoyed their most expensive prefix party menu at $55 pp.  This included a delicous soft dense bread with spicy aioli dip, a seafood platter with large tasty prawns, oysters on the half shel and steamed clams in garlic and butter, ceasar salad or zucchini bisque and one of the following: chilean sea bass, roasted chicken, new york steak and a dessert of tiramisu.  The food was all of good flavor and good quality however the service was extremely slow.  Perhaps it was just the fact we had a large party, but seriously the manager should have come out and comped us something or at least apologized for the extremely slow service.
2	I hosted a large party here (12 ppl) and while the service was relatively good, the food was just OK. I expected better from this establishment. Most of my party expressed disappointment with their meals. Not horrible, but not exactly good. Las Vegas has many other great options. Pass on this place unless you are staying at the Monte Carlo and are too tired to go anywhere else. Prices are too high for average food...
3	So so menu choices but goodness their marinara is great!!!  We bought the risotto friend appetizer and a pizza and both were better because of the marinara. The menu just doesn't hit its stride. It's an ok place to go but not something to go out of your way for.
2	Very very expensive. The service was great but $40 for 6 ravioli and no salad is way too expensive. We ordered 2 ravioli both of them were very under cooked but tasty... but not outstandingly great. Most certainly not worth the price. The glasses of wine were way over priced so we ordered a cheap bottle of wine ($45 was the cheapest bottle). When the bill cam we were charged $20 more than what the wine list price was.  They fixed the price... this can happen anywhere.
5	We came here for their happy hour. It was wonderful. Great food! The Italian fondue, bruschetta, and croquettes were all fantastic! We sat at the bar. The bartender, Trevor, was excellent. The look and feel of the place was very nice and comfortable. I cannot say a negative thing about it!
3	I decided to stop here for a quick drink before the Blue Man Group show.  Even though it's considered to be a wine bar, they had a few craft beer choices as well, which is what I went for.  Service was quick, and the drinks were less expensive than The Pub (also in the Monte Carlo).  I'd have to come back for a meal to really get a good idea of where this place stands, though.
5	Wow!  That's the first thing that comes to mind.  Classic is a great adjective for d.Vino.  As nothing is too classic in Vegas, this Italian restaurant accomplishes that with unique twists on a very poised and well done menu.  I found myself saying "oh that sounds good!, oh that too, wow they have that also". Call me a sucker for good Italian cuisine, fine, but who isn't really?  The wine list, is quite good as well.  I made an event of the evening trying at least 4 dishes that were all spectacular.  The last, and my personal favorite, was the grilled Lamb with the pistachio cream.  It was ridiculous!!  You will definitely find me and d.Vino again.
1	Horrible service. Our waiter came to our table 2x once for our order and to give us our check. The busboy did more for the table than the waiter.
4	Great Italian! Pasta made on-site and was fresh and cooked to perfection.  We will visit here again on our next trip.
2	Underwhelmed. With the modern classic decor and ambiance, you would think the food would be a certain threshold of deliciousness. Sadly, I was greatly disappointed in the pizzas that we ordered. The crust was uninspired and was one of the most disappointing crusts I've had. It just sorta sat there as a vehicle for some sauce. It looked like a thin crust pizza, but  the crust just tasted heavy and lumbering.
4	My husband and I came here for a nice "romantic" dinner on our last night of our "Babymoon".   This restaurant is quite expensive, but the food was fantastic!  We ordered the Fried Calamari, Caesar Salad, Chicken Parmesan and the Linguini with Clams.  The food did take some time to come out, but we didn't mind and the server came up to us several times to ask us how we were doing. Great service and great food! We will definitely be back!
4	Went here for a date night with the hubby. We were staying in this hotel and didn't want to veer too far from the sleeping kiddos. It has nice open area seating with a huge bar right when you walk in.  They have complimentary bread that was just okay. Our server was pretty good. He was actually the bartender (i think). He was somewhat aloof but efficient none the less. Our food was excellent! We had the fried calamari and scallop appetizer. The scallops were my fave dish of the whole meal. Very elegantly plated and each component on the plate had a purpose.  A bit pricey, though for 3 pieces of scallops ($15).For main dishes, we had a veal dish and chicken parm. The portions were surprisingly large. I didn't mind paying a little more for the quality and quantity we received. But it's Vegas! You have to expect paying outrageous prices. Lastly, we had the gelato that is prepared in house. The strawberry basil was especially memorable. Melt in ypur mouth, creamy strawberry taste with a hint of basil taste.
5	Stopped here after a day of walking The Strip. Had THE best ravioli of my life!!! No joke, the veal ravioli is to DIE for. The portion size was moderate, the flavor was impeccable; it was served in a truffle wine Demi reduction. Omg! For dessert I had the salted caramel cheesecake with raspberry rum sauce. If you go on Sunday you can get 50% off a bottle of wine and a three course meal for $29. Definitely give it a try, you won't be disappointed!!!
5	My wife and I are locals, having lived in Henderson for the last eleven-plus years.  I'm sorry to say that we waited so long to dine at d. Vino.  Meeting two out-of-town friends staying at the Monte Carlo, we agreed on this Italian restaurant, without any previous experience.  And boy, am I glad we did.  The service was top notch and the food was even better.  My favorite pizza is a multiple-cheese iteration and when I asked the waiter if they could make me a four-cheese version he thought so but had to check with the chef first.  I'd asked him to use Alfredo sauce rather than tomato sauce and he did.  He even sprinkled arugula on top and allowed the heat of the pizza to wilt it.  My pizza was bellissimo.  My wife's veal piccata was excellent as well but the next time she'll ask them to leave the vegetables out of her pasta side.   The hot, thick fresh bread sticks are also a don't miss 'em item.  Although we waited over a decade to eat at d. Vino...it won't be more than a short while until we're back!
4	Friendly and attentive service from beginning to end. We had stuffed zucchini for our appetizer, delicious. We ordered the lasagna and fettucine alfredo dishes, both were also delicious. The bread they served with dinner came with a marinara sauce, which had a dollop of sour cream (we asked for seconds). The food is reasonably priced, you're paying for quality, not quantity, and at the end of the night we both left feeling full! Definitely worth trying when staying at the Monte Carlo.
3	My fiance and I  went to D Vino to celebrate our engagement that happened just moments before in our hotel room at the Monte Carlo. We chose D Vino because it was nicer than the other on site locations such as the Pub and Diablos and less pretentious than Andres Steakhouse.We liked D Vino except it was too close to the gaming floor and we could feel the bass and hear the music blaring. I usually don't mind this type of thing, especially in Vegas, but it was a special occasion.A nice bonus was they accepted our $50 dinning credit that the hotel gave us. We used that on a $48 bottle of wine (winning). It was the cheapest one they offered (womp, womp). The menu was priced well. We got a flatbread pizza, which was more like a thin-crust for $13 and then some fried calamari for about $12. The waitstaff was friendly and attentive and the place was not crowded. Would recommend but not for a quite meal. Although, I don't think Andres is much better - the Ultra Lounge is right on the gaming floor.
2	The online menu on the Monte Carlo website they have is NOT current. So if you were hoping to have their seafood risotto or seared scallops appetizer like I was, well get ready to be disappointed. They have a winter menu now.My bf and I came here to celebrate his 25th birthday and mentioned that when we made our reservations but they didn't do anything to make us feel special. No dessert or anything whatsoever. The hostess did say 'happy birthday' as we were leaving.. I guess that's better than nothing at all. The service was extremely slow as we waited forever to get our checks, forever for them to pick up our payment, and then forever again to wait for them to return my credit card. I also asked our waiter what risotto they had for the night. He said he would ask the chef and never came back with the answer.Don't bother getting the trio of bruschettas. It was disgusting, especially the tomato one. It was mushy and the sauce they had underneath had a grainy texture. I took one bite and that was more than enough.The only positives I could think of was the sopressata pizza (4/5) we ordered and the chicken cannelloni (3.5/5). Our total came out to be around $51. There's no way I'm coming back. I just feel bad picking this restaurant to take my bf out on his big day...
4	Two-part story.  First dinner we had was on a Sunday night.  Unfortunately, we were seated near a bunch of women celebrating something. Loudly. Though we could have been seated somewhere else, we just dealt with it.  Frankie was our waiter and was great. We began with the stuffed zucchini. Absolutely delicious. My wife chose a ravioli, but when she tasted my Salmon, she wished she had ordered that. Perfectly crusted on the bottom and lots of flavor.  It was awesome. We had a credit with the hotel and asked Frankie to charge it to our room. But the front desk screwed up and we were quite dissapointed. We were told later that our waiter could have called the front desk, but he was inexperienced in this and we simply paid cash.Second dinner was three days later.  Same place. Same waiter. Same food, but better. My wife so loved the Salmon that we ordered two plates of it.  I also ordered the Herb Tuna Steak.  Best tuna I have ever had. Simply fantastic.Great place.  Simple, yet elegant in a not-too fancy kind of way.Overall, great experience and will definitely be back when staying at the Monte Carlo.
5	My husband and I are staying at the Monte Carlo and thought it would be nice to have a drink at d.Vino and try an appetizer. Their wine and dinner menu are amazing.  It was very difficult to make a choice.  Right from the start, we were treated to amazing service.  Our bartender, Trevor was knowledgeable about the menu and makes a WONDERFUL mojito!!!  I never had to ask for anything, he was great about making sure we always had everything we needed at all times.  He was very courteous and attentive and he recommended a bruschetta appetizer that was out of this world!!!!  We will definitely be back before leaving for home.  TRY this place!!!!
4	Probably the best dining deal at the Monte Carlo. Brand and Andre's are great spots, but expensive. The Cafe and The Buffet are overpriced and mediocre. d.Vino, on the other hand, has very reasonable prices (for a Vegas resort), especially for the quality and service it delivers.Tip: Go for the meat and cheese platter! For $25, it's a LOT to eat...in fact, two people can make it a meal if paired with a glass of wine.Speaking of wine, have fun with the 1 oz., 2 oz. and 5 oz. wine selections: Order a few different 1 oz. wines and create your own "flight"!
5	I'm seriously glad my hubby and I decided to come back here a second time. I was surprised for my birthday with a stay at the Monte Carlo and tickets to see the Blue Man Group. My husband loves Italian food, so after the show we decided to give this place a try. I feel bad because our waiter told us he was new and it was only his second day on the floor. But he was seriously the only waiter there and there were more tables occupied than just ours. It took way too much time for him to bring us drinks and take our order and to bring us our check. When it came time to charge our meal to our room, it took him 20 minutes to do that. Service was below mediocre and the pizza I ordered got me sick that night. It was extremely heavy and crust was tasteless. My husband raved about his linguine with pomodoro. I noticed that the portion was incredibly small but the price was high. When I say small I mean it was portioned enough for a kids meal. He didn't seem to care because he said it was that good. The next night my husband said he wanted the linguine pomodoro again. I hesitated but decided to go for it. I was so happy that I did! Our waiter was awesome, attentive and was quick with ordering, bringing bread and bringing drinks/refills. My husbands linguine pomodoro looked a lot bigger portioned this time, and I ordered the chicken parmesan. It was amazing! The pomodoro sauce has pieces of roasted garlic in it. What's not to love about that??We will definitely be back the next time we stay at the Monte Carlo!
5	Great service and great food!  This place has the best service and awesome tasting food.  We walked all the way from the Wynn to eat at this place and would do it over an over again.  Plus, they offer 50% offer their bottles of wine which comes out to be retail value, but worth the price in a Vegas hotel to get wine at retail value.
4	Decided to come here as we had tickets to Blue Man group and for $2/person we got 25% off the food bill. Very glad we came! Restaurant is conveniently located but still quaint and quiet. The service was very attentive and we liked the menu. Prices are very reasonable. The calamari was ok, nothing tremendous but solid. The wife had linguini with clam sauce, which she liked but did not rave about. I got a Pancetta pizza which I really liked. For $15 it came with 8 pieces!  Way too much food (but it was nice to have some munchy food for our walk on the strip later).Overall a good experience. Drinks were expensive however ($12-$15 each) and they didn't list the prices on the drink menu so beware.I would go back if in the hotel, not sure I would make a special trip for it though.
1	Made a reservation for 8:00.  Showed up on time, only to have them tell me that it would be 40 minutes before my table was ready.  Don't trust this place, go somewhere else!
3	Came here after Blue Man Group show.  There was no wait time and we got seated.  Our waiter took our order when we placed the order for our vino.  We got the vino, La Viarte Pinot Griggio within minutes.  Rest of our food (pizza and salad) didn't come for another 40 minutes.Our Pizza Margarita was good and the Arugula Salad was pretty good.The food was good but not that good that I want to come back and wait another 40 minutes for my food.
3	Food was pretty good. Serving sizes were pretty big and quality of food was not worthy of the high prices. Waiters and ambience was nice though. Vegetarians should go somewhere else.
1	We came here with a discount coupon from tickets 4tonight, which we paid $4 for and told the waiter about it.  He said fine and he told us about the prefixe menu they had there that night.  We ordered it and were half way through when we were told that the manager wouldn't allow us to use the coupon for that meal.  Ruined the meal.
5	Excellent meal with very attentive waiter, Fernando...nice job! Thank you for a nice experience!
4	Had arugula salad and stuffed zucchini. Great for GF! They have a variety of naturally GF (and vegetarian) items as well as GF spaghetti to sub out.
2	Food was ok. Even the waiter was equivocal about it.  We asked him if the lasagna was good and his response was: "it's actually pretty good."  We ordered it. And it was...pretty good. Service very good. Atmosphere horrible. They piped in some very loud and annoying music that I even heard other diners complaining about.  The lighting was too bright and the blue checked paper-topped tables killed any chance for atmosphere that may have existed. I expected more ambiance and better menu selection. Vegas is so competitive now when it comes to restaurants. This place falls sadly short.  I won't be back.
5	Wow what a fabulous meal, made even better by the brilliant service!!! Just ate here and can't believe I haven't been here before. My boyfriend had the set meal which he loved (absolute bargain) and I had the cheese plate. The waiter was so helpful and knowledgable and couldn't do enough for us. He was constantly offering us more food for free to make sure we enjoyed our meals properly. The strip is so packed and everywhere was rammed so it was a pleasure to come here for a bit of a chilled atmosphere. You have to go here like now!!!
3	A nice place to eat if you are staying in the Monte Carlo hotel. The downside is that they are only open in the evening. They are really accommodating of special requests. We had them custom make us a vegetarian risotto which was not on their menu. They were also ready to do vegetarian pasta for us. The wine selection is great. Peach moscato is a must try. Their bread is freshly baked and is the right amount of warm when served. The staff is very polite and very patient. Overall a very nice experience.
1	Ordered margherita pizza, second slice in, and crunch! I spit it out and it was a top of a screw .... should have just walked out .. pizza was comped, but blah ruined.
5	Veal sausage meatballs are awesome! Very flavorful food. A little slow on food service but it's worth the wait.
1	We had reservations to dine here before our Blue Man Group show last night.We had high hopes because the concierge had recommended it as a great spot.  After being seated, we were "greeted" by our waiter.  Maybe he was bored, maybe he had a bad day....maybe he is just is naturally rude.  He never smiled...he basically sneered the entire time.We ordered calamari and the cheese and meat plate. The calamari was okay and the cheese was fine too....the meat was like huge piles of deli meat.  It looked completely unappetizing.  We cut our losses and left after appetizers and wine.  Life is too short to spend more time with mediocre food and a rude waiter.
5	We had dinner here and it was absolutely delicious!  The service was superb and our food came out to our table really quickly. If you're at the Monte Carlo, pick d.vino over the steakhouse!
4	Service is everything. My bartender was Kevon and he was fantastic. Funny and engaging. I was planning to order a glass and take it back to my room but he was so much fun I stayed for an hour and a half. He remembered other customers from earlier in the night and introduced everyone to create a fun atmosphere. Wine was fine and probably a bit overpriced but that was secondary.
4	Located inside Monte Carlo next to Dragon Noodles. They have a Sunday Red Sauce Dinner with 3 course dinner-salad, entree, dessert. It comes with free breadsticks and marinara sauce. The waiter was good on refills. Nice place to eat there for dinner.
4	Started with the chesse plate. Excellent! It's Australia have when you go there. Ordered a pear martini. The hint of mint in the martini was so good.Ordered the linguine with clams. It was the perfect balance of garlic and butter. I was a bit disappointed that there weren't more muscles in the  dish but over all it was very satisfying. My husband ordered the steak.  Perfectly cooked. I definitely recommend.
4	We found d. Vino through the discounted Tix 4 Tonite booth, which sells discount coupons for dinner as well. They suggested this restaurant after we purchased tix for the Blue Man Group show in the same hotel. Although the discount for d. Vino wasn't significant, we were ultimately glad we came. Started with prosciutto-wrapped shrimp and caprese salad. We split 2 entrees; lamb steaks with gnocchi and radicchio salad for my friend and squash ravioli with toasted hazelnuts. The lamb was above average and the ravioli was amazing. Great service and reasonable prices.
4	Good food and nice ambiance! Service was prompt. Will go again.
