1	Humble Pie at Desert Ridge is GREAT!  This one is much closer to my home.  I was hoping that because they are run by the same company they would be similar.  The difference is night & day.  The Happy Valley location is so poorly run I will never return.  The were 4 young women as hostesses but only one bartender.  The wait staff was very over loaded.  The bar area was too small. The crowd was very good for the 1st week of opening, but the service will have to improve dramatically to keep them coming back.
4	First time I have been to Humble Pie and was glad to see that they opened one near my home on Happy Valley.  I added this place on Yelp and not even 12 hours later there was already 2 bad reviews for the service here.  I am sure they are still working out the kinks since our service was just okay as well but nothing to get "panties in a twist about".  We had a big table and sat outside with the nice heaters, the atmosphere was nice and new inside.  We ordered a side of french fries, fried green beans, and caprese for appetizers.  All of these were just great since the beans and fries came with mayonnaise based sauces that were awesome.  The caprese was different with cherry tomatoes (not my fav), liquified mozzarella, pesto, bread, and oil & vinegar.....although different I thought it was still very good but my wife did not care for it.  We both ordered pizzas, I had the SOP (sausage, caramelized onion, & peppers) and this was a great pizza with lots of great flavor.  The pizza is thin but the end crust is pretty thick and very good.  We will definitely go back and I am sure Humble Pie will work out the kinks on service but we were glad the service was decent for us.
5	I live down the street, and I have been excited for them to open.  I've been in a few times and the service and food has been great. Keep up the good work
4	I am so excited that humble pie opened in my neighborhood. Most of the local restaurants are franchises and it's nice to have a local restaurant with quality food. We showed up day four of opening and the service wasn't the best, but it was this first week and you can't expect exceptional service at that time. The food was killer though. We shared a pizza and Caesar salad. Their Caesar is one of my favorites.  I went there for lunch last week and the food was exceptional. Lunch specials are the way to go; chopped salad and  1/2 a BLT. The BLT was no joke, almost a whole sandwich and perfectly made. The Chopped just the way a chopped salad should be, chopped small , nice and delicate with a light vinaigrette.
1	Gave it a second chance. I didn't order pizza because its not a pizza place. I tried the spaghetti and meatballs.  If you like bland spaghetti from a can, you are going to love it! The attraction on this dish should've been the meatballs..... no. The were bad. Tasted like the smell of canned dog food. I want so badly for this trendy place to be good, but its only good for alcohol and dessert. No third chance. Good luck.
2	We went there tonight and it was very crowded. I know that we all are excited to have a unique restaurant in the area but our service was also terrible. There were 2 adults and two young children in our party which makes slow service seem even slower. The waiter forgot to put in our order then admitted he had lost it. I explained after watching people seated after us already eating that my kids would take ANYTHING. It still took a while. Then one appetizer came out a while  later they brought one pizza to our table and attempted to give us one that we didn't order. At that point we asked for more silverware and plates. The next pizza came but no plates or silverware. Finally the bruschetta appetizer came. We asked again for plates and silverware. After our third request to three different people someone brought us plates but only after we were almost done eating. The server then came to us and explained they had comped the bruschetta as well as discounting our whole bill and apologized. We asked for a box at that point and thank goodness we had cash because he never came back. I would think that if you knew your service was that terrible you would be keeping very close track of your table. I think the place is new, pretty small and very crowded. Obviously the management doesn't have the staff they need. The food was very good and we will try it again especially since it is biking distance from our house but not for a few more months....
3	Disorganized, noisy and too many tables in such a small place. There was no hostess stand and it was hard figure out where to check in. Wait staff in street clothes so impossible to know how to ask even. (no seat yourself/wait to be seated signs even).  The decor was boring and minimal. They had on some obnoxious 80's music playing way too loud. It was very cold too. Thw patio doors were wide open and it was low 50's out. Our waitress was really good. The food was so so. I shared a pizza which was good. My dad ordered.spaghetti which was just ok. Overall it was a so so experience. We figure they are still trying to work out the details. We will probably go back since they are only about 2 blocks away.
4	On first glance, this is a charming little pizzeria with an inviting atmosphere. They have a nice indoor-outdoor bar with lots of extra seating. I visited at around 9pm and they were still busy with customers. They serve Four Peaks brews on tap which is a nice change. I ordered their house sausage sandwich with a side of greens with a vinaigrette. The food took about 20 minutes, was a good portion, and very tasty. I'm glad there is a new bar/restaurant on Happy Valley Road, and will very likely be visiting again.
5	The new Humble Pie at Happy Valley Road & 39th Ave is great; I love the patio.  Food was awesome, services was great and prices are reasonable.  I had the express lunch for $10 that included a salad and pizza.  Hummmmmmmmmmmmy!
4	The restaurant was busy. It was awkward on arrival  as there isn't a clear hostess stand.  The inside had a stale beer smell so we sat on the patio.  It was nice.   We ordered a Caesar salad and pizza.  Salad came out slow.  we had to ask for it.  It was very good though.  Our pizza came out timely however, it was taken to the wrong table.  Oops.   The pizza was good not great.  We prefer Grimaldi's.  over all not bad we will return.
5	Excellent pizza and great beer on tap! Nice atmosphere too, although the tv's are annoying because its not a sports bar and should try to be!
3	Have eaten at other Humble Pie locations in the past and have enjoyed the experience. This location was just okay. Very small, tables close together. The "garage door" which opens the bar to the outside was open as well as the front and side doors to the restaurant...it was FREEZING inside the restaurant. This would be awesome on a nice evening but it was just too cold the night we were there. Very uncomfortable and hard to enjoy a meal when you're shivering. Other than this, the food was good.
3	Tight and cramped tables so close together that you can touch your neighbor! Pizzas are terrific along with some great deals for happy hour.If you can sit at the bar...do it! Nice local place but it really needs more space to accommodate patrons comfortably...
1	VERY disappointed. No ambiance. Ugly patio. Rude staff. The website menu shows a gluten free option but when I asked about it they seemed irritated. Food isn't great. Wine pours are small. This neighborhood needed a new restaurant/bar but this one isn't going to cut it.
1	NOT impressed. The company talks a good game about being community and family friendly. NOT TRUE.  Have not even tried the food here thanks to their rude staff and arrogant posturing that they are better than others. Don't know about the other locations, but this one on Happy Valley is one I will not be giving any money to.
4	Happy hour. Do it. Wines are cheap and a Margherita will set you back like $10. Totally worth it. It helps that the crust is really quite good. I live in Chicago and my allegiance is still to thin-crust pizzas like this and the New York-style. They might shoot me in Chicago for saying such things but whatever.
4	Went to Humble Pie for the first time tonight.  Wandered in on a Saturday night at 5:30 and were pleasantly surprised that they have Happy Hour specials on the weekend.  Had a great Four Peaks Amber Ale.  We opted for the Bruschetta which was tasty and ordered the Happy Hour Pepperoni Pizza.  Everything was delicious and nicely prepared.  Our server was very good and very friendly.  We will definitely be back.
3	Good food horrible service both trips
3	Slow service but good food.....   dining area is really small
2	Atmosphere:  nice looking, fun place, gorgeous patio set-up.  Service:  our waiter, male with reddish brown hair was friendly and attentive.  Food deliverer, female with shoulder length brown hair, set food down and left; not much interaction with customers.Food:  below average.  Chicken barbecue pizza had chewy chicken and bottom crust was too thin and gummy to hold thick toppings.  The rim crust was delicious. Barbecue sauce was tasty, zesty and sweet.  Bacon was bland and gummy.  Needs to be crispy, more flavor.  Cheese was cheap tasting (pasty tasting).Price:  ridiculously expensive.  Two pizzas, appetizer and two sodas= $46!!!Humble pizza has a price comparison to California Pizza Kitchen but food is way behind.  My favorite frozen pizza tasted better than our dinner at Humble Pizza.After we ate, we walked out to the parking lot and saw Papa Murphy's was in the same shopping center.  We could've had a better tasting meal and a quarter of the cost.
3	Humble Pie is the Pita Jungle of pizza. great place to meet people and be seen but the food and everything else just disappoints. The price for what you get doesn't match what they actually bring you. The place is about 10 times louder than it should be. They cram you in like sardines and uncomfortable tables. Service was nothing much better than Denny's. I did like the crust and the kids love the ranch....and they have a great patio if we didn't live in Phoenix. lolc
4	Love this place! So happy to have them in the neighborhood! We have quickly become regulars! The food is excellent with a great selection.  Great lunch and happy hour specials and excellent homemade Sangria! I am a fan of the red, but the white is pretty darn good too! Great family place where we have taken the kids during the day or for an early dinner, more of an adult atmosphere.  The servers are all very friendly and accommodating! Have not yet had a pizza that we don't like and all the appetizers are wonderful too! Got to try it! You will become a fan.
3	Pizza places are a dime a dozen so we tend to go to our usual place near our house.  We had to stop in the west valley so we decided to give it a try.  Monday is 1/2 price bottled wine night but it was still happy hour when we arrived so we went a different route on drinks.  My husband LOVED is ice cold beer for $2.50 and I had a fairly sweet white Sangria for $5.  We split a yummy iceberg wedge salad and a SOP pizza.  It had carmalized onions, Schreiners sausage, goat cheese, mozzerella cheese and roasted red peppers.  There was not a crumb left on the pizza tin.  Thanks Daniel.  You were a friendly, helpful waiter.  And I have to admit, the wine wall was pretty impressive.  Not your average cheap wines.  I think I saw some really good ones on the way out the door.  Guess I'll have to go back on a Monday and get a bottle for 1/2 price.
4	All I am going to say is I came here with some friends after a hot golf session, and their Happy Hour on food and drinks from 11 am - 6 pm is a good deal!  You can't beat a decent sized flavorful pizza and salad for $10.  I will come back again for this awesome happy hour deal!
1	The pizza here was the only plus.We experienced less than mediocre service, my food came out way late - about 15 minutes after the other 5 people at our table received their orders, we had to ask for drink refills at one point, we also had to ask twice to bring out a dipping sauce to go with our tables meals. Once for the sauce, a second time ten minutes later to remind them that it never came to our table. A mistake like burning our pizza and taking an extra 15 + minutes should warrant the floor manager to come to our table and apologize at the very least, which didn't happen.The restaurant is setup more like a sports bar than a sit down and enjoy your meal type of pizza spot. Inside is pretty loud, difficult to hear, and hard to hold a conversation due to the distracting TV's playing sports located in every direction. I understand I wasn't in downtown phoenix and perhaps the local clientele expects this sort of place when dining out for pizza, but it surely wasn't for me and I don't plan on visiting again. After all the shortcomings of the service, the kitchen mistake, the management, and the restaurant itself, I did actually enjoy the pizza. It was reasonably tasty, but not worth the $15+ price tag for a personal sized pizza, especially when your dining experience is super lame and uninspiring.Humble Pie, I know you can do way better than this - I know I'm not the only person who writes of crappy experiences at this place. Apparently you've been giving bad service since you opened doors and haven't taken the hint yet.Happy Yelping Phoenix, might I suggest delivery or perhaps Digiorno?
3	This place is lucky their food is great because the service is so bad they are fortunate to have any patrons at all.  We have been to this Humble Pie location several times and the food is so good you will start craving it and have to have it.  Some of the items we have tried:  SOP pizza, artichoke pizza, olive pizza, meat lovers pizza, roasted mushroom pizza,Schreiner's Sicilian Sausage, tuna melt, chopped salad, strawberry gorgonzola salad, pizza cookie.   Everything has always been great.   Now the bad part:   the service.   It takes forever to get waited on.  The tables are not bussed in a timely manner.   Dirty tables in the dining room are the norm.   The food sits up at the line with no runner to deliver it to your table.  The female bartender just stands around, doesn't help seat people or run food.  My order came out wrong one time and the waitress did not offer to fix it or make a new order.  I don't think they employ a manager.  There does not seem to be any authority figure,  just a bunch of kids running around accomplishing nothing.   I will go back because of the food only!   I will just expect bad service.
2	The food was very tasty... 4 stars but the service was pretty bad... 1 star!We were told it was a "slow night" by a server but it still took 30 minutes to get our salads, and when they came out they were about half the size of the other tables who ordered the same "date night special".  There were some floating surprises we could not identify in my drink so had to get a new one, we had to request refills multiple times, and we ended up really being served by the other waiters since our was hardly around. Food IS good but not worth dealing with the service- I'll go down the street to Sauce where I've never had an issue.
4	Food was excellent. We sat at the bar and our visit was within the first 60 days the restaurant was open. The service was so/so but again it was the first two month the restaurant was open and I like to give them the benefit of the doubt.The location was smaller than I had hoped but has a nice patio section that is bearable during the summer due to curtains and fans. I'll be back.
2	I want to like Humble Pie. I really want a great, locally owned place close by with a cool yet unpretentious bar and good, modern food & a fun, simple atmosphere. I guess I want a Postino in the NW Valley.Unfortunately Humble Pie just doesn't deliver. The bar is kind of cool with indoor/outdoor space & the menu would be nice if the food was good. Unfortunately the selection of beers isn't great and the food is greasy & not particularly good. For example there was a pear/goat cheese dish that could have been great, unfortunately it just wasn't. The pizzas are kind of bland, burgers are greasy and service odd (our kids food came out 10 mins before ours).If Humble Pie got a Gordon Ramsey makeover, it could be awesome. Until then, we'll pass.
2	I had the BLT pizza and the salad with strawberries. First off, the crust had no flavor, seems fried although it wasn't, salad dressing was balsamic but very heavy and strawberries were mushy, obviously not fresh.  Won't be back.  Service was good though, but food is not worth it.
3	Meh....it's alright. Would probably give if only two stars if it weren't do close to my neighborhood.  I'd likely go back for happy hour with my gals.  Pizza was ok. Wine was good. And there is a very yummy baked to order chocolate chip cookie with ice cream.
5	I come here probably once every two weeks. It is amazing. I love the pizza (especially their cookie pizza) MY FAVORITE DESSERT ever. Its a very cute place to come have a drink and meet up with friends. Some of the waiters are really cute too (;
3	I'm giving a 3 star rating because it isn't good enough to deserve 4 and not so bad that I'd give it a two. My wife and I will stop in on a Thursday night to get the "Date Night" special. An appetizer, two small salads and a pizza for $20. Great deal for a thrifty couple. Any other night would be too much of a strain on the pocketbook as items tend to be a little pricey. Yeah the wait can be long, service is slow and they pack too many people in a small space. The outdoor patio is nice during the right time of year and there has been decent live entertainment at the bar. Wait staff can be a bit odd but not enough to bother me. One night they ran out of mozzarella for the appetizer. I know, a pizza place ran out of mozzarella right? They didn't tell us until way too late but made up for it with a free dessert. Bottom line, I will go back for the special but not much else.
2	Was excited to try this place.  1 star for having Four Peaks on tap and another star for the service.  Food was disappointing to say the least.  I originally ordered the spaghetti and meatballs.  The meatballs were mushy with no flavor, pasta was over cooked, and the tomato sauce tasted like paste.  No seasoning.  I sent it back and got the sausage sandwich.  It was good, but oddly on one side of the sandwich the sausage was cold and the rest was hot.  French fries were good.  Wife had margarita pizza which had the same lack of flavor and pasty sauce.  Our server was good quickly replaced my meal was apologetic and provided good service.  Highly unlikely I will return-Sauce is 10 min further and 10x better.
3	The place was nice but the layout was not as expected for a restaurant. One of the POS stations was close to the guest seating and caused congestion around our table. As far as the food, the pizza was ok, and for the size was slightly over priced. The drinks outside of happy hour were quite a bit more expensive than most places. Would I return? Quite possibly, but it would only be during happy hour where the prices may be a little cheaper and only if they were cheaper.
5	The pizza was great.  I read about the lack if service and we didn't experience that at all.   Service was great.  I look forward to going back again soon
4	I have been to this location several times now.  Mostly for lunch.  They have a great lunch special , and a stamp card for regulars.  I haven't had any of the service issues that others have reported, so I can't speak to that.  The staff has been great time every time I have been there.  If your into french fries you HAVE to get these ! Order the happy hour fries anytime to receive the golden crispy deliciousness sprinkled with seasonings and pecorino cheese, not a big messy pile of goopy cheese fries either, one you can actually pick up and eat without making a mess.  They are served with awesome aioli too so be sure not to miss it. My staple lunch order here is Fig and prosciutto pizza with butternut squash soup.  The pizza is the perfect balance, sweet fig goat cheese and their house made mozzarella and prosciutto makes everything better right ???   the soup is just a hint of sweet from a bit of cinnamon.  They  have a sausage made for them by Schreiner's( another local company ) It's to die for !!!  They have plenty of Veg only selections too so no worries if you bring a mixed group.
4	We stopped in here the other day because the sports bar near it was full and had an indefinite wait. They said they'd play the game we wanted to see and had a few TVs plus it was after lunch and before dinner so it wasn't crowded at all. I was having trouble deciding on a pizza or salad so when my friend ordered a pizza and they asked if she wanted the 12 inch or the 9 inch with a salad (lunch special) my little dilemma was solved (first world problems over here). I really liked the veggie salad and margarita pizza I got. Their happy hour was good too... $2.50 drafts! We had already been seated and gotten drinks before they told us they wouldn't be playing the game we wanted to see though... they don't have the NFL ticket.
3	Meh ... That about sums it. Since we moved in the area, I wanted to try Humble Pie. I've heard people rave about it, and was really looking forward to it. So today was a perfect day to finally have late lunch there.It is very small inside, but I like it. It looked nice, cozy and comfortable. They have inside/outside patio, cool thing. And I really liked the wine wall, besides it looking great, you can see what wine they offer (if you, unlike me, know anything about the wines). Anyhow, we choose to sit outside. You have only so many chances to enjoy patios in Phoenix, and I choose to use them all! Our server was Ashley and she was really great. Just enough friendly, to make us feel comfortable but not pushy or annoying. If it wasn't for her, I would give the place 2 stars. We came around 4pm and got in for Happy Hour. Cool that they have HH on Sundays. So I caved in and ordered Blue Margarita ($4). Usually I don't care if there is salt or not. Boy did I go wrong here, it was so salty that I had to wait for ice to melt and dilute a bit, otherwise it was undrinkable.So far everything sounds great, right? And it was, but then food came out. I ordered Margherita. The crust was fresh and nice, but little bland. I could go easily over it, no big deal. It is kinda common knowledge that with Margherita, less is more. Tomato sauce was so strong and overpowering that I had to scrape it off. There were huge chunks of mozzarella, again, way too much. My bf had calamari and Caesar salad. Calamari were good, but the basil sauce they give with it just doesn't pair well. It is great tasting sauce for chicken, just not with calamari. Thankfully, Ashley was kind enough to give us some other spicy garlic red sauce that was delicious. Tried their home made Ranch, it was pretty good. Caesar salad was regular, you can't mess that up, can you. Well, if you put celery in, it just isn't it anymore?! Why celery in Caesar, beats me.Overall, it is not negative experience, and I would go back if I'm with someone who wants to dine there. But it is very highly unlikely that I will initiate that ever again.
5	I'm not sure why there are so many critical reviews.  This is not a James Beard foodie hotspot with a typical 6 month shelf life.  This is a great little local place you can count on to bring friends, have a date night or bring the family. My husband, kids and I have come to this location several times since we moved to the neighborhood and have been happy with the service and the food each time.  Are they flawless? No. But when something's not right, they make it right and with a great attitude.  We love a good Scottsdale or Arcadia restaurant every now & then too but the service is always spotty. We are so grateful to be able to level set by coming back to our fresh, friendly little Humble Pie in a town full of chain disasters!
4	We have been to Humble Pie several times and have always had a really nice experience. Their selection of pies is great and we love their specials for lunch! Out of the 5 times or so that we've been there we've only experienced "meh" service once. The other times service was fine. We will continue to frequent Humble Pie on Happy Valley.
4	There's something to be said about living in warm weather and being able to sit outside in the patio while waiting to be seated even. I didn't mind waiting, and we were able to get drinks too. Once we were seated I ordered the chopped salad which was the first time I had it with turkey and salami and was quite delicious. I ordered a large, and still felt hungry though. The prices were reasonable and the service was pretty good. Next time I'd like to come back and try an actual pie!
2	We eat here from time to time. It is good enough that we go back, but not my favorite. My husband thinks it is great.
4	Been wanting to try this place for a while now. Hit them up for lunch this week and it was great! The service was good and the food was amazing! I suppose I should have had pizza, but the sourdough burger was calling my name. I didn't go wrong with that choice! I don't eat a lot of red meat, but when I want a burger, I want a GOOD burger, and Humble Pie was up to the challenge. The fries were really good too :-)
2	A little pretentious.  Service was good.  Atmosphere and decor were nice. Caprice salad was good, calamari was a bit over cooked, sauce was excellent.  We ordered a pizza, pay a little more due to number of toppings, then pizza comes out with a small spattering of each topping :(Don't charge me extra because there are more number of toppings, then skimp on amount of each!   In the end we only had a very small amount of toppings on our 12.95 / 11" pizza with extra wide crust!  Pizza was a FAIL for us!
4	We've been here many times and the food is always good. Love the Italian sausage pizza and the one with the pears. Kids eat free Sundays are awesome!! there can be a wait when it's busy during fri/sat rush but worth the wait.
1	First time trying this place and was very disappointed. ..we had been wanting to try it for a while and so we finally did.  The food was just ok...The toppings slide off the pizza...watered down sauce.  Pretzels were the best part of the meal.  Food a side we would have given it another try but the service was terrible.   We had the unfortunate opportunity to be served by Patrick.   Rudest service I have probably ever had in a restaurant.   Ignored us for the majority of service.   We are not a high maintenance family by any means.  Stopped by after 15 minutes of sitting there.  I told him we had never been here and asked for a recommendation. ..He said he didn't have any.  Our pizza sat on the counter for a good 5 minutes before someone (not our server) dropped it off.  That was the last we were helped. I had to track Patrick down to get my check.  Then he brought the check set it down without saying a word and walked away.  Finally came back to run our card after another long wait and basically slammed the check down and left. ..no thank you please come again. ..no attempt to smile nothing was very strange and rude...you do realize that you work for tips for a living right? Wouldn't want you to go out of your way to do your job! We will never return.  You only get 1 first impression.   Find another job that suits you better Patrick so you can be happy.  I can stay home and cook but if I go out to eat I do expect to be treated like my business matters.
4	The pizza are singe size, but could be split and shared by two. They are on the upper end of personal pizzas. I really liked the openness of the restaurant, and the bar area. I would go back just for the bar area, and the waiting space that they have. I am not taking anything away from the food, because the salads and pizzas we had were very good. I just like to drink too, and they had a cool set up. This place is worth stopping in at if you are hungry or just looking to hang out an get a drink.
4	I love the food here and I love the ambience and feel of the restaurant, ... when it's not packed. The location is too small. When it's busy, the place is crammed and it gets loud and hard to maneuver between tables. But I  guess that's a testament to how good the food really is. The salads are so damn good. I honestly can't pick a favorite. I like to try a new pizza each time I go. Some of my favorites off the menu are the BLT and the Pear & Proscuitto. There are so many good ones!!! People mention the prices in a lot of the reviews but you get what you pay for. I do wish they would have more coupons to the neighboring residents to encourage us to keep coming back or to thank us for our loyalty. Some of the ways to get a wee discount are to come during happy hour which is like 11-7. It's a large timeframe. The lunch menu is also really affordable. Some of their promos are date night Thursdays and 1/2 price bottles of wine on Wednesdays. I'm a fan!
3	We are very fortunate to have so many amazing pizza restaurants here in the valley and I was really hopeful about this place because of its proximity to my house. The staff was friendly and attentive and the live music added nicely to the ambiance. The food arrived quickly but did not look very appetizing. The mac 'n' cheese from the kids' menu looked like it came right out of a box, although I didn't taste it to verify. The crusts on our pizzas had great texture and flavor but the toppings were bland and dry. Overall, I wasn't impressed and would prefer to drive a little further out for pizza next time.
1	Our lunch here was a disaster. I and a friend both ordered the chopped salad and asked to have the salami replaced with turkey. The waiter said no problem. At the end of the meal we each got a $1.00 charge for the extra turkey. I questioned it and was told we asked for extra food. Instead of going to talk to the manager, the waiter began to argue with me. He rudely told me that it was only fair because we got extra food. He didn't understand that it was an exchange, and never said it would be extra.  The extra money was minor. His attitude and disrespect were what angered me. The extra charge was removed with an admonishment from him that now we knew what would happen next time. Then, to top it off, they didn't give me the correct change. Instead of rounding off the bill in my favor, they rounded it up in their favor and gave me less change than I deserved. I understand this practice so they don't need to have pennies. But if they do this they should eat the difference not me. Never did the manager come to speak to us, the waiter was rude, the food was tasteless and the water tasted like it came out if the hose outside. If you near this restaurant, turn and run the other way.
3	The Good:Pizzas are large enough to share. Salads are tasty and pizzas are good. Pizza dough has the right amount of toasted crunchThe bad: Service is lack luster, no real effort to wow the customer.The real bad: There is a very strong & pungent foul (sewage) odor as soon as you enter the front door.If management is reading this; you really need to get this fixed!
4	Great local neighborhood joint! Thursday Night date night menu is reasonable - pick 1 appetizer, 2 salads and a pizza to share for only $25. Did I mention the live music too??!! Love the BLT pizza and spinach salad.
5	Food was awesome, but Patrick made the visit!  He was helpful, gave great advice over the menu (awesome call on the artichoke pizza) and just friendly!  Only advice I have is turn off the outdated music and turn the sound on the game!  It's football season!
5	I love this place! I eat at the arrowhead location more often, but I eat in this one once a month or so. I have never been blown away by a glass of wine here, but they have affordable options that aren't bad. I have tried at least half of the pizzas on their menu. Get what sounds good to you, but their sour dough crust in a fire oven is phenomenal. I haven't tried too many of the other options on their entree menu. Happy Hour is an even better choice for affordability, and it runs until 6. I love the green bean tempura appetizer best, but the others are delicious as well depending on what you are in the mood for. I definitely recommend.
5	Came and back in for lunch today, and was lucky enough to have Patrick again!  Guy always seems to be here, and that must be good for business!  Food was awesome as usual, and service was great too.
3	Our first time there...  The food was great.  The service was "eh"...  We were there with 4 adults and 5 kids.  The 4 adults and the 2 kids who ordered pizza got their food a full 15 minutes before the 3 kids who had ordered something else.  Anyone who has EVER dined with kids knows that this is not a great scenario...I'd likely try it again, but if I had a similar experience, I'd probably skip it going forward...
3	So last few times I've been back the food has been mediocre. So much so that I don't know when and if and when I'll return , which is unfortunate because I prefer to support local restaurants and Humble Pie is one of the few in the area. This last time I are light and ordered a caprese appetizer which was a joke , it came with to small dabs of fresh mozzarella , pesto , grape tomatoes and a ton of olive oil and balsamic. The dish was surrounded with eight slices of bread to cover the mess. I also ordered meatballs which aren't the best, but not bad. I really hope they pull it together. I really would be sad to see what once was a decent restaurant fade away. We really do need good dining options in the area.
1	If you like good service don't expect it here. Lousy at best. Table of 12 with only two other couples in the restaurant. Drinks stayed empty,  no ask for appetizers or dessert. Will not come back.
2	The food is pretty good, but honestly feels like your a burden to the staff. Drinks were empty the entire meal. Had to flag server down for service.
3	Took my mother here for her birthday. I had a burger, fiance had some pasta and mom had a pizza. All the food was very good. Service is slow and un-attendng though.
4	Humble pie has the best bruschetta  ever. Now, that is me who loves tomatoes. They use cherry tomatoes cut instead of the usual large tomatoes chopped. The cherry tomato is always so much more full in flavor.  No matter what reason or when I am in Humble Pie, I always order this!Turkey chili and chopped salads are pretty darn good. Our service has always been good,  but extra great from the lady who worked closing on Friday nights.  Sorry I cannot remember her name!Their homemade pepper infused vodka is darn good in a Bloody Mary.Dining at a table has never looked appealing to me here... But the bar and patio bar seating areas are perfect! And where I prefer to hang out here.
2	Came here on "couples night" at 920PM near closing time. We ordered their special which was an appetizer, salad and pizza for $25.99. The appetizer was decent and salad was good as well however the Pizza which was a Fig & Pig was listed under Red Sauce Pizza's came with Fig Jam sauce. I was completely mislead to believe the Pizza came with marinara sauce. I asked the server why a pizza with Jam sauce was listed under a Red Sauce she was unsure and the manager didn't have a response either. I ended up ordering another pizza and still paying for the Fig and Pig  pizza which is a terrible pie and should be nowhere near a menu. I'm giving 1 star for the appetizer and salad and 1 star for our waitress because she was kind. I won't return to this place because we had to pay for 2 pizza's as opposed to management acknowledging that we were unhappy with our Pie and simply exchanged it for another.
3	It's been a long wait, but my wife and I, who live close by finally tried this place. When you first enter, it's smaller than one would have imagined, but it's slightly charming. I would say sort of a neighborhood bar vibe. There is a lot of outside seating by the way. The server was quick and friendly. To the food...I had their sausage pizza, with local sausage company Schriener's on the pie. I was excited to see that. My wife ordered the penne aka vodka. I must say the pizza is just, meh. It wasn't bad, but far from what I would come back for. The pasta, especially the sauce was bland and really lacked depth. It needed seasoning or something. That's another thing. No bread at the table, and no offer for fresh Parm on the pasta dish. Kind of sloppy for a bill that topped $45 including the tip. My wife and I agreed we will give it another shot, but it won't be first on our list.
3	The Humble Pie near us is a little small but has a really nice patio. We like that they serve Four Peaks brews and are fans of their pizzasThe location on Happy Valley has good service and quick, good food. I am glad they are in the neighborhood.
