5	RA is definately one of my favorite Sushi restaurants in AZ. They have great sushi rolls, drinks, and appetizers for non sushi lovers. My favorite rolls are: beef tataki roll (No fish for the non sushi person), lobster mango roll, shrimp tempura roll, and the rainbow roll. Make sure you get the creamy wasabi sauce (comes with the beef tataki roll) or the creamy ponzu sauce (make sure you tell them it comes with the tunacado roll so they get the right sauce) to go with your sushi. These two sauces are amazing! For appetizers, their lobster spring rolls are pretty legit as are their gyoza and calamari. The calamari is always cooked perfect and the mango dipping sauce for the spring rolls is awesome! Ive also tried their pineapple cream cheese wontons and their crab cakes and they were ok though nothing special. For drinks, they have many flavored saki's and specialty drinks that are very good. My fav drinks at RA are the mango margarita, blushing geisha, and the cosmopolitan that are all on their regular happy hour menu and the "sheso naughty" which is on  their Wednesday night hump day happy hour menu. Yes on Wednesday, if you go after 8, there are certain appetizers, drinks and sushi rolls that are half off as well. So if you go for regular happy hour, then hold off on ordering anything from 7-8, then you get double happy hour! Regular happy hour is during 3-7 pm every day (including weekends) and its half off certain appetizers, rolls, and drinks. Its a great value! Ive walked away after having 3 drinks, appetizer, and roll for less than 30.00! If you have room, try the tempura ice cream. It is cinnamon ice cream with tempura batter and deep fried, with raspberry sauce drizzled over it. AMAZING!
3	Great service!  I was extremely impressed by our waitress.  The food was average but nothing special.  We ordered an avocado roll, which was very good, and a vegetarian roll, which was comprised of peculiar ingredients and overall was not very tasty.  I have had better sushi other places, but if I was craving sushi and in the neighborhood I would certainly stop by RA again.  Also, as an added bonus, if you check-in on Foursquare you receive a free bowl of edamame.
1	The good: Restaurant was clean.The bad: The sushi was just okay. Not great and didn't seem fresh at all.The ugly: The management plays Eminem music (rap) over the loudspeaker and the songs are XXX rated with the "F" bomb flying every other word and the typically demeaning words about women. We complained about how offensive the music was and the manager simply shrugged his shoulders and stated: "The corporate office picks our music for us and we don't control it." Well they may not be able to "change the channel" but mister we sure can! Sake Bombers is a much better restaurant and always has fresh sushi. My only regret is that we took a chance eating here on our Valentine's evening. Regrettable but not repeatable. We saw several families eating there and they were visibly offended by the poor taste in music that this establishment forces upon its patrons. Follow my advice: Go eat at Sake Bombers and leave the Stale Sushi Sexist Rappers to fend for themselves! Peace out!
3	I came here for happy hour the other day. I'd heard a lot about this place and how great the happy hour is. The restaurant is very trendy with dim lights and loud dance club music. I got the crispy calamari roll for $5 and the rainbow roll for $6. We had a large party so it took about 25 minutes for my food to come out. I was starving so I scarfed it down.The rainbow roll was good because it had a lot of variety in raw fish. But, the inside was a little bland. The crispy calamari roll was pretty good. It had fried calamari inside, cream cheese and a sweet sauce. All-in-all the food was not bad for the price.The biggest downside was that our server was quite rude. Maybe because we had such a big group she felt more stressed but it still was not enjoyable. It was our friend's bday so the manager gave her a fried ice cream cake and a fish bowl drink which made up for the service! :D
3	I was introduced to RA Sushi by my friend Rich at the iStore. He offered up lunch and who am I to refuse! :)They have a very broad selection for the hard core sushi fan and the mildly experimental sushi boy (or girl).The service was great. Food was also terrific. If you're not a sushi fan, no worries. The menu is very accommodating and you'll find something on there you'll enjoy.
5	So I do not like sushi...the thought of it makes me cringe...so when my friend wanted sushi I immediately asked if they had other stuff besides sushi...she said yes so I went...I had the spicy teriyaki Udon noodles with chicken...it was really good!!!! The edamame was also good...both were cooked perfectly...my fries had 2 kinds of sushi and also liked it...
4	Couldn't get an answer on where the salmon was from and if it was sustainably harvested. Otherwise what I had was good.
2	Good happy hour, but the food is lacking and expensive.
4	Great decor, Great music, wonderful Atmoshpere!
4	I happen to LOVE me some sushi - Ra is a chain restaurant and so you're going to expect somewhat average food - but I have no complaints.  I live across the street from this location so we go there a lot and the service is great, I love the way they decorated it and the bar is indoor and outdoor, so it's a fun place to chill. On the weekends they have a DJ and at other times they still play fun music. You can totally go with friends on a weekend night and bar it up OR take the kids (I have 3 and they love sushi) earlier on and enjoy lunch or an early dinner.
4	I'm actaully not a huge fan of sushi, but my friends like to go here. Happy hour here is good, as has been mentioned.
2	Sushi is not that good and the prices aren't that great either.
4	Let's be honest. You don't come to RA sushi bar to get fresh sushi or sashimi. You come here for the insane happy hour... and the atmosphere. They really have one of the best happy hour deals on appetizers, small plates, and drinks. Plus it always seems to be the hopping place to be!
5	Great spot!  Sit in Hailey's section
4	For my first sushi experience, it was yummy.  We sat out side under one of the heat lamps in January and it was perfect.  Not to loud out there.  And yes its nice to hit the happy hour for the sushi.  We tried 7 different rolls and a dessert roll  there were 4 of us, I learned I'm not a fan of smoked salmon or avocado, but there were still plenty of options.
1	Sorry to say but they have the worst sushi I've ever had. Atmosphere is hip mostly for younger crowds.  Way over price!
5	first time experiencing sushi and was a great experience!! would diffinately come back to aany RA SUSHI place!!
1	First time here and will tell u we sat there for 20 min and didn't even have anyone approach us for a drink order! Everyone that came in after us had service and drinks right away! First and last time we will ever go there! Guess there was a reason we were avoiding that crappy service establishment!
4	Reverse happy hour.   That's all you need to know!No really, this is a great place to go later in the evening (like 10:30 or 11) for a drink special or a light appetizer.I've never been here during normal dinner hours, so I can't speak about the dining experience, but I love hanging out here at night with a friend.
3	Yellow Monkey Rolls = yum. I like to go for lunch just before I pick my kids up from school , mom's treat time.
3	RA is a very popular sushi restaurant and has a high customer base. The atmosphere is very trendy and fun.    This restaurant is more like a bar and a cool place to have drinks and get together with friends. Unfortunately it is not a very good place to get quality sushi.   The rolls and cuts are small and don't have the quality that some of the more dedicated sushi joints do. Also for what you get the prices are too high.    Fortunately the service is usually pretty good because of it's "chain-based" origin and are usually nice.    Also, I like the fact they have a nice patio area for those who want to eat outside and enjoy the weather. The patio still receives good service generally.   Overall I would recommend this place for a fun outing with your friends, but not for a night of good sushi.
3	The A-Ok that comes up when you hit three stars just about sums it up. I am a little spoiled having lived in Miami where sushi is really reasonable and amazing. For AZ... Ra is about average. I really only think about going there when they send me an email deal. Last night they had 15% off the entire check because it was their anniversary. The sushi is good. The appetizers are unique and probably my favorite part. I love their pineapple wontons. What I can't seem to get past here is the sticker shock. I always get the bill and wonder how I spend $50. They are really generous with their "half birthday" deal. They email you a $20 certificate when it is halfway to your birthday which is way more than most restaurants give. So I will continue to go about 3 times a year. I always really enjoy it and I love the atmosphere. I just can't really afford a $50 meal all the time. I miss Miami where the same meal would have been half the price! The cost of living in the desert and loving sushi!
5	No a fish fan...HOWEVER the other items are great.  Chicken, apps, everthing is great.  Went for lunch with some family and had a great meal to start the 2nd half of the day.  Service was amazing this time....better than in the past.  As always....will be back..again and again
5	Always a great experience. Bartenders, music, drinks and food are all great!
4	You always remember your first....OK it wasn't the first time I had sushi...think the first time was on Scottsdale road but I had drank too much didn't really remember how it tastes.This was the first time I was properly introduced to sushi and like all firsts it isn't the best in the world but will always have a soft spot.for extra points try drinking sake with chop sticks!
4	I have been to this location two times now. The sushi has been good and the service so so. The happy hour prices are good and the Ra'kin shrimp is amazing. Our waitress disappeared for about fifteen minutes at one point but overall my experience here has been pretty good. The spicy lobster roll is great as well as the las Vegas roll. For Arizona "desert" sushi this place is pretty darn good.
4	Placed a to go order and the loopy girl taking it royally messed it up. But the manager brought out my correct order really quickly. Additionally, he let me keep the food that she had erroneously given me. Then he offered to refund the entire meal back onto my credit card. Way to go with great customer service!
4	This RA was okay. Not my favorite location I have ever been to but the Sunday night happy hour is pretty bomb. Vegas rolls for $7. Rolls were good and service was normal
4	Amazing happy hour!!  We stopped here on vacation on advice from someone we met at a ballgame.  Very glad we went.  The HH deals they have are pretty awesome.  Our total bill was $30 and we had 3 sushi rolls, cucumber salad and 2 beers.  Not bad at all.  The sushi was pretty yummy.
3	I feel like Jim Carey in Liar Liar cuz - I've had better. Atmosphere is good, waiters & waitresses are super good. It's just the sushi, this place is the McDonalds of its industry.
5	Love the SHRIMP TEMPURA! It takes about 4 orders to get me full! Love it with spicy soy sauce and the ginger served with it. Loved going there for lunch happy hour and great coupons they had woth the businesses within the plaza! :) unfurtnately i dont work close by i still come and get my reg sushi! Nice quite calm atmosphere!
4	RA is a flashy sushi place that thrives on the novelty of sushi rather than the art of it. But, whatever, because they have some good food and a ridiculously amazing happy hour. I try not to go there after 6 or 7pm, since I value my hearing. It sounds like you are inside a stereo woofer! If you do go later it would be a great place to go if you don't like to talk much. The staff is generally pleasant.
3	I love sushi, so of course I had to come to this place at least once. After years of wanting to, I got to go on my first date with my boyfriend. NOT a good first date place though, the place has it's music so loud you can't even hear yourself think. Staff is always friendly, and the food is sooo good though. I hate the atmosphere, I'd rather sit outside. We've been back a few times, and will probably continue to, I just wish they'd turn down the tunes so we could actually talk at dinner time.
3	Good looking menu. Inside is very loud. The food was great and an early evening drink and appetizer is ideal.  It is more for the younger crowd, I am  60, but still a very nice getaway.I will be back!
4	I came here for the happy hour which actually does offer decent prices on their "rolls" and drinks, The food tasted great and the service was really good for how busy they were. The only thing I didn't like is that the rolls are smaller than any other sushi place I have gone to down here, so it kinda took away the value from happy hour.
3	Outside of a random trip here several years ago for a $12 martini, this was the first time I'd actually eaten at Ra. It was packed and it was the night that all proceeds went to the fallen firefighters, so big props to Ra for doing that!We ended up scoring an outside seat and happy hour goodies. Inside was ridiculously loud music-wise, not quite sure how anyone hears anything in there? Outside was great, the music was good, and at a reasonable level. Ordered the basics: a california roll ($4) and an avocado roll ($3). California roll wasn't good and made me sick when I got home. Avocado roll was very tasty and packed with avocado. Best part of the meal was my drink--the bellini ($5)! A frozen mix of deliciousness, where peaches and strawberries abound! Our server, Heidi, was great. She was friendly and on top of things, despite how busy it was. She's also the one who recommended the bellini. Prices for happy hour range from $2 (hot sake) to $7 for drinks and $3-$7 for food. This is probably the only time I'd eat here.They have an email club you can sign up for, where they'll send you a $20 certificate for your half-birthday month and something for your birthday month. So, to summarize, 4 stars for the drinks, atmosphere, and service, but an unimpressed 2 stars for the food. Will compromise and go with 3 stars.
3	Always great service!! We have never really had any bad food experiences here and love the edamame dip! I hate how loud the music is! My husband and I will go here on date nights and we cannot have a conversation so we make it a priority to eat early. One bad experience, we had to wait some time for our rolls to come out so the manager came up and gave us a card for a complimentary roll next time we came in. When I went to use it, the card was expired and the server would not take it. If you give your guests a complimentary anything due to bad service it should never expire.
3	This restaurants beauty & ambience is ruined by music so loud I had to have my wife repeat what she was saying while sitting next to me.
5	I was felling pretty bold and decided to step out of my comfort zone and try something new. As soon as my friends and I walked in, there was a very good vibe I was getting from the restaurant. I loved the decor inside the restaurant it was very modern and sort of rock and roll-ish. The host got us a table right away and was very nice.They had music playing throughout the restaurant which I loved. Right after we were seated our waitress came to our table.                 Our waitress was very helpful and made sure to answer any questions we had for her. She explained what everything was that we were interested in ordering and also suggested her favorite dishes. The food came out very quickly and our waitress made sure we had evrything we needed. Once we got the food she ckecked up on us to see if everything we ordered was correct and that we were enjoying it.        I am not a fan of sea food but, I was there to try something new. I decided on the california rolls and at first I was a little hesitant to eat them. They looked delicious but I knew there was crab in it. I got some soy sauce, dipped my california roll into it, and took the first bite. In complete shock I loved it. The taste was so different and that was exactly what I was looking for. This was a great experiance and I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for amazing food!
4	Friendly staff
4	Good sushi.loved the lobster mango roll. They need a happy hour special. Huge menu if you're not into sushi. Don't get the tacos the shells are awful. Great ocean salad
4	Good food but of course it's pricey.  What is difficult about ordering at Ra is that you are not always sure about the portion sizes of the menu items.  I wish there were more pictures of the item or maybe the staff should be better about letting you know that you ordered the equivalent of an appetizer for your entree.  My husband had to ask for the menu to order additional food because he was still hungry after eating the 2 things he had ordered.  So make sure you know what you are ordering.I do give the waitress props for asking me if I liked my alcoholic drink she made for me!  She said it wasn't mixed right or if I didn't like it then she would get another one made for me.  This was great customer service.  We also ordered dessert for the first time here and it was amazing!  We ordered the cinnamon tempura gelato which is a battered cinnamon-swirl gelato, flash fried & finished with a chocolate-raspberry glaze.  It come out in 4 pieces so it's great for sharing!  Although it's so good you might not want to share. One thing I always dislike about this place is that it is way too loud to have a conversation.  Maybe it's me and I'm just getting old but I don't know many young hip kids that can afford to eat at Ra so I wish they would re-examine their clientele and adjust the volume accordingly.
3	I typically enjoy the sushi at Ra.  The Las Vegas roll is delicious as is the scallop dynamite.  The scallop dynamite is a roll that is served hot from the broiler and is amazing.  However, last time I was there, it came out on a nasty brown dish, sitting in brown grease with black pieces of charred food floating in it.  Now , I assume hat they normally re-plate after they cook it? Because it has never been presented to me like this before.  Very unappetizing.  It tasted okay, but was overly greasy .  And don't join their mailing list- they send way too much junk email.
5	I have been to this play many times and I am satisfied every single time I go there. The service is great, along with the happy hour menu. Great place to end a day of work!
5	Visiting from CA and decided to go here for lunch with three co-workers who spoke highly of the sushi.  They weren't lying.  The Ra-Rocking roll was very tasty as was the Salmon Nigiri and the other gods we ordered.  The service was great as was the cleanliness.  Highly recommended and if I come back to the Phx area will definitely be returning!
3	I visited this location over the weekend.The food was pretty good but prices were a little on the higher side. I give it a 3 star!
4	Great sushi! Good friendly staff. Quality that can be counted on. Take out quality & taste just as good!
5	Awesome food,  Sushi chef Angel is amazing,  ask him for one of his special creations,  you won't be sorry,  Lauren our waitress was great as well
5	I've been to RA plenty of times, though I don't eat seafood, I have many friends that do, and I always order the teriyaki skewers with white rice. Well tonight, I was feeling adventurous and decided to try a sushi roll. I ordered the Crispy Shrimp Tempera with the eel sauce and Sirachia on the side. The waitress was very nice and reassured me that that this is a highly recommended roll especially for newbies, and that it is fully cooked. I'll admit, when she brought out my dish, I felt immediate regret. I'm not sure why I don't like seafood, it's just not appealing to me so I never eat it. But recently I've really wanted to get past My seafood phobia, which is what brought on my seafood adventure tonight. So.. It was now or never. I first took a little taste if the eel sauce, it was super sweet like a teriyaki, soy sauce marinara. I liked it, and dribbled some all over my roll. I picked up my first slice, dipped it into a little Sirachia and popped it into my mouth, paused for a moment, then began to chew.... Surprisingly it did not have a hint of that sea taste which I dreaded so much. The shrimp literally tasted like fried chicken. It was soooooo good!!! I'm not sure if I will adventure out to other sushi rolls yet, but I will defiantly be ordering this again very soon!!!!!!!
3	Stopped in for lunch.  They have nice specials which include: Miso soup, salad and sashimi with rice.  Staff is very friendly.  Here's the thing: Miso was great. Salad was wilted and with bell peppers?  Never had Asian salad with Bell peppers..chilis yes, but bell peppers? Yuck.  The rice did not come out with my meal.  I had 4 people come over all confused about who was doing what. They had the right heart, but..service was disorganized, but friendly.  When asked if everything was okay..I made the statement about the salad..it was old and wilted and... I wasn't offered a replacement.  When the rice finally got to me it was a HUGH softball size and so dry and nasty and tasteless that  I didn't eat it.  The Tuna sashimi though...was EXCELLENT,  the wasabi was powerful and they serve white ginger, but it was dry.  So...they need improvement--period. It was a $12 lunch plus tip.
4	Always great. Always fun.
4	Great place for fresh sushi!  I do wish they had more of a description on the menus, but the servers are super helpful.  Sign up for their newsletters and you get a $20 half birthday coupon!
3	Umm...welp...I love RA, especially the Ahwatukee location, but since I've moved I had to satisfy my craving and this location was the nearest. The place was PACKED. I mean paaaaacked: people creating their own parking spots packed. We were a party of two so quickly were seated. A Plus. Although our waiter was nice, he didn't give us our complete order. No biggie, he didn't charge us for food that wasn't served. I felt rushed however. There constantly was someone at the table asking "how are things...can I take the plate?" While there was still food on them. We ordered  a CA roll, spicy tuna and RA'kin shrimp tacos: one thing came out at a time.... Odd. With some significant time between each drop off. I was soooo craving the tacos and was majorily disappointed! The rice shell stuck to our teeth, they were overloaded with guacamole (?) and I felt cheated out of shrimp. The Ahwatukee sites were 1000% better . I guess if I'm ever in town I'll stop by but I won't be visiting the Val Vista location anymore
5	Love this place! Great atmosphere, friendly staff, great food and excellent customer service. Have a DJ playing music on Friday and Saturdays, a bar and large tables that can handle a larger group for that much needed Happy Hour after work ;)
5	Half off sushi Happy Hour is the best. I got the Viva Vegas roll and it was so good and very beautiful. The tootsy maki roll was even better though. The crumbles make the perfect addition to a unfried roll. I would definitely come back again.
1	I am not impressed with the sushi. It's not that great. I was very disappointed. I don't believe I will ever try it again. I think a Chinese delivery place would make better sushi.
4	Quick service. Friendly and helpful staff. Server very knowledgable about menu was able to make suggestions. Sushi selection very good. Sushi quality excellent. Nutty chicken salad very good and refreshing. Miso soup one of the best. Definitely would go back.
4	Went to RA last night and I was very impressed!! I am a recent convert to sushi and the two rolls I got were so good. I highly recommend the tootsy maki and the philadelphia roll. The service were super quick and they were pretty quick at refillings our drinks. The only thing I don't like about RA is that the music inside the resturant was way too loud. It was hard for me to hear what my friend was saying two seats away from me. So if you have a big group and want to be apart the conversation I would recommend sitting outside. Besides that, I loved it!
5	This place is wonderful for sushi and at a decent price as well. Their happy hour is awesome. Half-off a lot of their appetizer and sushi as well. Their Vegas and Shrimp rolls are delicious. I literally could eat my weight in that. Their service is amazing too and she seemed knowledgeable in anything related to sushi so we followed up to her recommendation as well and loved all of it. Their desert is wonderful as well. Definitely will come here a lot more often.
