4	Good standard breakfast fare near Mill Avenue.  The menu is full of all the usual suspects...omelets, bacon and eggs, breakfast burritos, etc.  Very cozy, extremely laid-back atmosphere.  Feels like a place you can roll out of bed and walk in without worrying that you have mascara all over your face.  Reminds me a bit of Austin, TX and that is a very good thing.
3	Harlow's was busy the saturday morning we stopped in, but fortunately, there was no wait. Standard breakfast food, and good price/performance ratio. The only thing that left me confused was that the meals were delivered with "Butter-like Spread," containing mostly vegetable oil. Is there really a substantial cost in having real butter? I mean, breakfast at a place like this is all about indulgence, and a time where it's completely socially acceptable to...no, expected that you'll cover your food in real butter, wether it's good for you or not.
4	I've been going to this place for about six years, and to start off i have two theories on this place that I've heard repeated by more than a few people over the years.1. the waitresses all moonlight as strippers. ha ha, i doubt it, but they are all unbelievably cute and young. they're also all very sweet, if the service was bad (every once in awhile it happens when you've been somewhere so  many times) it seems it was a kitchen issue and the waitress is quick to apologize. 2. this one is so bad... this is the Chompie's vs. Harlow's theory: as you may realize or heard, this is the place for Tempe locals to hit up after a long night of partying, if you frequent Palo, Casey's, Time Out, etc., you will most likely see any and all of the same cats at Harlow's the next day. that being said, I've heard several guys say, if you're none too proud of who you 'went home with,' you take them to Chompie's instead of Harlow's, since you're less likely to see your friends there. i feel like a jerk just repeating it, but it's not my theory!anyway, they have tons of plates to choose from and they're all named after 50s-70s movie and tv films or actors. there's the cisco kid, the chill will, the gene special, you get the idea. it's none too pretty to look at, but warm and bustling til they close at 2 p.m. you most likely will have to wait at least 5 to 10 minutes for a table.i find the food to be a little overpriced for what it is, it seems a greasy spoon like this should be $5 average per plate, but it's more like an $8 average plus coffee or juice. everyone swears by the Eggs Maximilian, a giant tortilla laid flat with eggs, chorizo (optional) green chilies, hot sauce, sour cream and potatoes piled on top. it's HUGE. and, to be honest, I'm a connoisseur of Mexican food, I'd like to think, and for a place like this, their refried beans and tortillas are pretty good ( i get the basic eggs and hashbrowns with a side of tortillas and beans and it's soooo good!)so, that's that on the Harlow's. p.s. not long after hearing that second theory, a gentlemen friend suggested chompie's one morning, i was like dang, oh no he didn't!
4	Excuse me if I'm a bit scattered but I'm still on a super sugar high from eating Pancakes for lunch.  The carb sleep will be hitting any moment now.  So I'd never heard of this place really before driving by it the other day.  I meant to Yelp it but forgot and I'm almost glad that I didn't this time.  Pretty much my experience was Bonnie's experience. Well, less tattoos and more jocks, but that's about it.  I really liked the potato's at first, but was really struck that they felt "dry" without the onion and/or peppers.  Ya gotta at LEAST have some onion.  That said - I'll totally come here again.  When the girlfriend is craving IHOP and I'm craving anything but - we'll come here.  While their lunches looked pretty decent, it's definitely a breakfast place to me based on what I saw coming out of the kitchen.  The waitresses were super nice (Yea, and generally pretty hot.) and totally flirted with the kitchen guys.  And those kitchen guys were totally en fuego!  That food was coming out so fast!  I sat at the counter, old school style, and got  the full show.The whole place has that comfortable "I think I came here as a kid" feeling even though I've never been here before.  I can tell that everyone else looked just as comfortable.  Yea, it was $8 for my breakfast/lunch, $10 w/ tip, so I won't make it a regular thing, but I'd end up paying that much when she wants IHOP, and the atmosphere and the view (not just the waitresses) is SO much better here it's a bit easier to justify.Personal tip - Girls you have to check out the bathroom.  Tiny yes, but that wallpaper is freaking amazing!  Totally reminds me of my aunt's old wallpaper sample books from the 70's.  SO cool!
4	For a long time I thought this restaurant was some haven for vampires. For some reason, when I first moved here, there was music pumping out of a PA system outside or near the restaurant late at night, but I never saw anyone coming in or out. The weird Laurel & Hardy silhouettes and reflective glass windows convinced me the place served some sinister purpose.Outside of the fact that its not open for dinner, the place is pretty much the opposite of sinister. I went in with a friend the other day to face the ghoulish population inside but instead found a mix of middle-aged locals and college kids, and good Mexican breakfast food with a nice amount of spice. The portions were huge, the booths comfy, and the menu full of choices.Maybe the place was filled with vampires waiting for nightfall like in "Dusk till Dawn," after all the decor has likely not changed in decades (it even features tons of photos of past guests standing in front of the restaurant's sign when it had a different name and the street its on looks totally different) but it's probably better it's not.
3	There's something oddly charming about this place. My 2nd experience happened this past weekend - Sunday breakfast at 10 a.m. As I pulled up in my car, I could tell the place was quite popular. I sensed a wait list. I walked in, put down my name and took a seat outside on of their benches. The wait wasn't long - perhaps 5 minutes - and I was shortly shown to my table for two. Few minutes later, my Breakest Buddy showed up. We had concluded to call this "brunch" since it was a compromise between breakfast and lunch time. In any case, breakfast foods were on the mind and my belly was ready. Coffee first, please. The waitress, you could tell, was rather busy. I didn't mind that, but I did mind her spilling my coffee each time she poured more. Her rush wasn't coupled with friendly pauses, and I felt like I was more of an inconvenience than a patron. In any case, we ordered "brunch" and chatted it up. It's not every day I roll out of bed before 10 a.m. on the weekend. This was a special occassion; one well worth it. But, sadly, not because of the breakfast. The eggs were rubbery and the muffin was hard to swallow without honey. The cottage cheese was good, but how can you screw up that? Yes, I ordered the Hot Body Breakfast. So sue me. My friend ordered panckakes with eggs and bacon. Only half was eaten. You know, there's something oddly charming about this place. It's a warm cafe, reminiscient of a small town mom & pop establishment. It probably is, and the fact that it's thrown near ASU makes it the preferred after-hang over joint. I can see how rubbery eggs and greasy pork would suit one's belly after a booze fest. But, it's not ideal for the belly without a drop of liquor coating the stomach lining. I used the bathroom, too. Talk about a tiny walkway stuffed with clutter, like high chairs and cordless vacuums. Again, it's charming in a home-for-breakfast kind of way. It almost reminds me of Shortcakes. Almost, although Shortcakes is in a train car and has, let's face it, the best after bar and in-the-mood-for-cheap-food appeal. Sadly, it's back near OSU in Stillwater. I miss Shortcakes. Harlow's wasn't memorable to me. That's probably why I've only been here twice in my life.Sidebar: I wouldn't call this place "cheap." With plates averaging around 8-10$, that's quite the purse punch that should be met with some delicious raves and reviews. Sadly, to me, it's not worth the moolah.
3	This hidden gem is the perfect place to get over that nasty hangover from a night on the town. Harlow's serves up greasy diner food in a Cheers-like ambiance. The dinner is small, but you're sure to run into people you know. It's kind of like the Casey Moore's of Arizona diners. Be prepared to wait before you're seated. Harlow's is slammed on the weekends and the wait sometimes can be a really long one.
4	I don't think Harlow's Cafe is a four star place, but I definitely would give it 3.5 stars.  It's your typical old-fashioned greasy spoon coffee shop with burgundy 1970s style naugahyde booths, movie posters and old photos, but heavy on your typical ASU/Tempe crowd.  Harlow's makes you ask yourself the following questions.Is Burt Reynolds here?How clogged are my arteries getting right now?Why can't more breakfast places have this dated look?The food and service were pretty good.  Our waitress hopped to it when we said we were in a hurry.   I ordered a breakfast burrito with ham eggs cheese (and a surprisingly spicy salsa) and minced hash browns and gobbled it up before you could say "Dukes of Hazzard".   Personally, I prefer my hash browns without all the extras.  I tried a bit of my brunch date's chorizo egg scramble, and it was a respectable effort of something I'm usually very critical of.If you can, check it out on a weekday, go to the bathroom at home (unless you dig that cramped feeling).  I echo other comments on the priceyness of the entrees.  It's not a place I would go out of my way for, but it's worth a stop if you live nearby or are in Tempe.
3	Dirty, greasy, and cramped... yet the place is oddly pretty trendy and popular. The waitresses are really hot. The food is pretty good, but it's greasy and fairly typical. Hearty portions served at least... you won't go hungry here. If you live nearby, it's probably your best bet... if you have to drive a bit to get here, you would probably be better off with some place in your neighborhood instead.
4	Harlow's is worth the long haul from downtown Phoenix on a lazy weekend morning.  Yes, we could go to Matt's, but why wait for over half an hour with nothing to look at but the downtown see-and-be-seen art crowd and straggling suburbanites?  Or, I could go to Le Grande, but my breasts (and diamonds) aren't big enough.  No thanks.  Harlow's amazing (and reliable) food, good friendly service, the hot waitresses, the eclectic mix of patrons, and the four types of hot sauce on each and every table make this place my favorite.  Note: only 4 stars because it IS a little pricey for breakfast food ($9 for eggs Benedict), and because you will run into someone you know, not good if you are all tore up from the night before.
4	I don't even know how to start this review. This is a neat diner type place (in a part of the country where it is hard to find a diner) that serves typical, greasy, diner-style foods.  What's the catch?  They claim to be healthier than a diner.   They use AA grade eggs and only margarine and canola oil when they are frying their food.  What's the catch for me? I, for one, would rather have butter.  The 70s decor is inviting, to me, because it reminds me of the diners I spent my teens in. It really helps to create the impression that the food you are getting is wholesome and hearty (ok, maybe not wholesome).  The service also creates this feeling.  The service was good, but not the best.  Not too attentive, but also not shoddy.  Just what perfect diner service should be.It's definitely popular.  I came here on a Saturday afternoon and got one of the last booths. I think it's a little bit pricey for what they serve, but the food is good.  However, I'll stand by the fact that a grilled cheese should be grilled in butter.
4	can't beat this place for fast friendly service, good prices and that retro diner feel. i love the biscuits 'n gravy!!
4	I have going to Harlow's for about 6 years. I am also a Casey's person, so it's all the same people only in the daylight and with a hangover. The waitress and hot, all dark haired, wow. I introduced the girl to Harlow's right away, because that's were I go on Sunday mornings. I go in and sit at the bar.The cooks' rock, these guys are smoken fast. The service is alright, but the servers are usually slammed, so what, sit back, drink coffee and chill with that monster hangover. The food is great hangover food. Pancakes are huge, bacon is bacon but I love bacon so bacon is good. There egg dishes are good and the salsa is real good. Only four stars because it is a bit pricy, but WTF, I just drank all night, and I'm not complaining about spending $25 on solid breakfast food and tip for the girl and myself.  I like Harlow's over all, it has the been there, done that but I liked it feeling
5	Had a great breakfast here.  The biscuits & gravy were better than you usually find this side of the Mississippi.  The gravy was seasoned just right and had plenty of sausage in it.  The biscuits were fresh but just dense enough to provide a good foil for the gravy.  The accompanying bacon was crisp & delicious.Coffee was surprisingly good--much better than you usually get at restaurants like this.The service was excellent & friendly--my coffee cup never got close to empty.I look forward to returning and trying some of the southwest specialties.Oh yeah, in the interest of full disclosure, my cousins own and manage the place but I take breakfast too seriously to give false praise.  If I hadn't loved my breakfast, I just wouldn't have written a review.  Nick says go forth and enjoy a great breakfast!
4	It does look like a hole in the wall, and I thought that it was going to be a long wait due to the number of people but I was wrong.  The food is good, the service is very good and quick.  We didn't have everything at our table (ketchup, jelly, cream ....) so we kept asking for what we needed. Our server would quickly need our needs, apologizing for our table not being fully stocked and making sure that our glasses never were emptied.
5	Monday - I sneak out of work, run down to Harlow's come back $8 bucks lighter and no one even knows I was gone.. Sunday - I roll out of bed drive to Harlow's and see all the devils I spent the night before with (hair as bad as mine). The service is fast, their breakfast are dependable, always good, always fresh. Great toast, great coffee, hot waitresses. AWESOME~
5	Y E L P !!! My first restaurant comment after lurking the reviews for nearly a  year.I was up for a late breakfast and really craved something along the lines of a family diner where I could sit at the counter, read my paper, sip my coffee, plan my day and feel comfortable in flip-flops, t-shirt and shorts. My  inbox showed that I had received the Weekly Yelp. A quick search found all of the usual haunts that I ride my bike to in my end of Scottsdale. I had some business in Tempe and narrowed my search to that area. Voila! Harlow's was the first listing. As a native, I have seen the various incarnations of this local establishment and heard all the raves, yet I never had the time or I wasn't in the area. Not today! I knew that it was almost always busy and figured since it was just me, a little wait wouldn't hurt.When I arrived, the parking lot was half full. I parked, grabbed my paper and entered into exactly what I expected. Nothing fancy but a very comfortable interior that is inviting. It's roomier than it looks from the outside. Air conditioning was set to cool off anyone coming in from the 105 that had already settled in and was rising. I went to the empty counter and was greeted immediately by one of the many waitresses. She served my coffee and I never opened the menu and asked if I could just tell her what I wanted and she said, "No problem." The reviews said that the waitresses were cute and young and hot (true), but that is a disservice to how efficient and productive they are. They were all busy, all moving, all social and most importantly made everyone feel welcome. Even first time, old timers like me.My food was fantastic, large portioned and prepared the way that I requested, but everybody has different likes and dislikes so I won't give any more review on food. Here's the kick-in-the-nuts part of my visit......after carefully planning where I was going, getting my paper and heading out to breakfast, I kept feeling that I had forgotten something. Hmmmmm, what could it be? Oh, well, off I go.Still bothering me in the back of my head as I go to pay at the front register. Money clip left at home! Red-faced and kicking rocks, I approach the hostess and explain my plight, feeling like a two-bit bum without two-bits. Got any dishes you need washed? There was a manager (and I'm assuming owner) at the front as well and without skipping a beat, she takes the ticket from my hand and says, "That's OK. We're open until 2pm. Just come on back when you get your money." She was smiling and pleasant and never asked my name or phone or any details. She never hesitated. It's not like I'm a regular and they know where to find me. I offered to leave my cell phone as collateral, but she would not accept. Embarrassed, I went to my truck, determined to return as quickly as possible with my cash. Then I remembered that I keep a twenty in the truck for emergencies (like this one). Woo Hoo! I went right back in and thanked her for faith in humanity and vowed to return and tell my friends. It's rare these days to find that comfortable, small-town trust. We are, after all, the biggest little metropolis in the southwest.Kudos to Harlow's for great food, quick and friendly service, personality  and a personal touch that went a long way with this customer.
4	Harlow's, you bad girl, you. I can taste your huevos rancheros from here... Your fluffy eggs, your sassy salsa, your crispy potatoes. All so scrumptious. Oh, what a temptress you are. A deliciously evil temptress. Leave me alone - I'm working. Well, working/yelping. Ok, just yelping. Whatever. I'm at work. No, I can't leave. Not now. I've got a meeting in ten minutes. No, I can't reschedule. Ok, I can. But I shouldn't. I really shouldn't... Aw, screw it - I'm on my way.
3	Frankly, it's okay if you aren't particular. A little too crowded, a little too greasy. If you want pancakes for breakfast and don't want to make them or go to IHOP, you could do worse.
4	This is the breakfast spot in Tempe!Bomb Huevos Rancheros, killin' biscuits and gravy, fatty omelets, what more do you need?A no frills old school breakfast stop.  Did I mention that the place is staffed by some very attractive women, cause that's a plus in my book.This is the Sunday morning hangover stop.
4	I have heard great things about Harlow's and my hangover this mornining cried out for some biscuits and gravy...so, I finally gave it a shot. Harlow's did NOT let me down!!The service was friendly, food was fast and fresh!!   I think this will be my new breakfast spot!
3	S'allrite 4 TempEasy.brunch food= breakfast + lunch.  usually pretty busy.  i'd much prefer The Good Egg.
3	Really old school.  Breakfast was good and the service was awesome!  My wife and I will be back.
4	Oh so good.  I loved this diner.  One if the best breakfasts Ive had in a long time.  A great place to catch some grub.
4	I was looking for a good diner, went to trusty Yelp, found Harlow's, sorted by Elite...Mark D's review had me at "bad girl." Looks like Harlow's could be a good impromptu UYE lunch spot or hangover recovery HQ. I had the basic eggs scrambled with cheese, home fries with onions, wheat toast. My diner standard fare. Good stuff, just what you're looking for when you need the diner grub. Harlow's is pricier than diners I'm accustomed to. $7 is a little steep for what I had. But it was perfectly diner-done and in front of me in under 5 minutes. When I lived in Cleveland's west side there was a large diner density so to stay competitive they always had specials for under $5 bucks.
2	Harlow's, you are overrated.  Your potatoes are greasy and seem like the cook couldn't decide what they were, just make real hashbrowns.  Your eggs are too expensive and are not worth 2.50 a piece, ridiculous. The toast was coated is unmelted butter and the coffee was cheap.I do not understand how you get] so many customers or why you are such a Tempe tradition, go to Chompies or Essence.
4	This place is way neat. It reminds me of a restaurant that I went to in Burlington, Vermont - that very outdoorsey and hippie feel. It's not your local IHOP but it's fancied by the college students around the area... especially after a hang over the night prior. Their greasy potato will cure the most devastating hang over!! My friend and I would always go here after his long night after the bar. We could go in our pajamas or sweats and no one would really care. Most of the people that go there on a Saturday morning are people who just woke up so don't be haters... we are college students after all. Every time I go, the service was always really good even though it was a busy Saturday morning. I would say everyone should try this place at least once and see for yourself.
5	I am not a native, nor a resident of Arizona.I'm from Southern California, where the weather is mild.So take this into account when I say, that I would sit outside in the 100+ degree stinging dry heat for 30 minutes plus to get a table at Harlow's to have the pancakes.  Oh My God.   The pancakes.  Each one is just a little piece of heaven.   I often wonder if next time I go, that I might get something else.....But then I remember how amazing these pancakes are.  And that if one day my best friend in the world moves away from the greater phoenix area, I will still try to find a reason to visit.....for the pancakes.
5	Seriously the best damn huevos rancheros in the valley. Get them with salsa, it is so spicy and delicious, and the hashbrowns.. Forget about it!  I went today for breakfast. 37 minutes round trip. Awesome.
3	Movie themed in decor, with lots of booths, and overall is a throw back to a casual diner 40+ years ago.  Traditional breakfast favorites.  Nothing we had was bad, but nothing great either.  Worth trying.
4	Great little "greasy spoon" breakfast diner.  Usually packed if you get there to late in the morning though, especially weekends.  Great omelettes and super service!
4	Oh Harlow's... how I love you.Your corned beef hash is when I knew we were meant for each other...but then you showed me the ways of your blueberry pancakes...and dare I get started on your huevos rancheros? You have character and you are so versatile! I can bring my friends over after a night of drinking and next time bring the frugal grandparents a bit earlier to beat the college crowd (and by a bit earlier I mean 10AM) or wander in alone and sit at the bar.You've never let me down...
4	I love Harlow's. It's nice to come back to to the ASU area and see that one of my old fave's is still around. The Eggs Benedict are so good. I get them EVERY TIME. I have yet to try anything different here. And because I am such a loyal person, I can pretty much assure you that I will probably never try anything else. It's pretty much always crowded so be prepared to wait. Not too long though. I think the longest I've ever waited is 15 minutes, which is reasonable. But you'll be served in no time after ordering. I'm not a huge breakfast person and I currently live at least 20 miles from Harlow's, but will still come here from time to time to enjoy a great breakfast and great service.
5	Ever had one of those places you like to go eat that you actually get sad when you don't get a chance to go there?  Well, for me, this is one of them.  I have been going here for a few years now.  I enjoy the atmosphere, the people, the staff - and, most importantly, the food.  Chicken fried steak and eggs?  Oh yeah.  Delicious fish fry on Fridays?  Definitely.  The best club sandwich in town?  No doubt about it.Of course, I need to mention the wait staff.  There are a number of comments I've seen about how pretty the waitresses are.  Yes, that's true.  More importantly, though, they are some of the best you will find anywhere.  No false flirtiness and no gruffness - just fast, friendly service that makes you feel like they are actually glad you showed up to eat.  It's a welcome change from the service you get in most places these days.The only flaw?  They're not open 24 hours!  That's probably because they know if they were, then they would have a hard time getting some of us to leave.
3	One thing is for sure:  You will be full when you leave Harlow's.  I think that the huevos are pretty good, but the biscuits and gravy leave a little to be desired, or so say the meat eating friends of mine.  To be fair, this was in comparison to my very amazing freshly made biscuits and veggie gravy (biscuit recipe credit to Mark Bittman's How to Cook Everything).It is a decent people watching locale on the weekends as long as you can stand to wait out in the parking lot until they call your party inside.
5	Okay, I went here for breakfast this morning. The food is great, the eggs had a great texture, their made-to-order hash browns were cooked perfectly with just a little crunch and their waffles were light and tasted great with the fresh strawberries and whip cream we got on the side. When I walk into a place like Harlow's two things cross my mind, (1) old which leads to, (2) dirty bathrooms. I rode my bike so I had to go into the bathroom to wash my hands. I braced myself as I expected the worse, but a pleasant surprise was awaiting me! This bathroom experience was awesome! The room was clean, had mirrors on opposite sides which enlarged the space and beautiful wallpaper and porcine tiles. Great food, great bathroom, and great service. My top pick for breakfast joints!
4	Harlow's gives me diarrhea.  Every time.  Every single time.  You know what, though?  I don't care because Harlow's cuts my hangover directly in half and I feel twice as good when I leave.  If I get me some diarrhea, that's okay.  It's a price I'm willing to pay.Their food is diner food.  I mean, what you get is going to be a little on the greasy side and you'll taste it in your burps for a few hours.  Some of their food might cause some slight indigestion.  I, however, kind of enjoy heavy ass diner food that settles right to the bottom of my gut. When you order a water and a coffee, they'll be filled constantly.  I mean constantly.  At most places, you drink maybe altogether two cups of coffee throughout the course of your meal.  At Harlow's, if you really wanted to, you could burn through like ten cups of joe.I've been to this place with some gnarly hangovers I can't even begin to explain.  One time I went here so hung over that it felt like I coming down off of a crazy psilocybin trip.  Harlow's makes me feel better.  A LOT better.  The ambience is a little douche-y and kind of conservative-Republican and they make the waitresses wear those embarrassingly small shorts and I get diarrhea whenever I go here.... fuck it.  I still like it.
5	Every time I go, the food is incredible. The service is great! For those other reviews: yep, it's diner food. If you're prone to indigestion or other gastric ailments, you may not want the chorizo burro. But there's something for everyone here.
5	Been a fan since it was May's Best of the West!  The food is consistently good, therefore, I don't mind the higher prices, they are proud and rightfully so.The Parisian Omelette and the Eggs Maximillan (with or without chorizo) are my favorites.I love the salsa they make and the biscuits and gravy rock too.The service is usually pretty good!
4	I have to say that I was surprised.  I have driven by this place for decades and always thought it was a dive bar, but is actually a pretty good little breakfast place.  Nothing spectacular, but even on a weekday morning it was packed full of diners in the know.  Service was speedy and the food was great!
4	Have been here maybe three times and will continue to go.  The chorizo and eggs with hot flour tortillas are great.  Whether you're tired and hung over, or not, they are typically served fast and have a nice kick. The huevos rancheros with green chili beef is also very good.  My wife loves it.  A little coffee, cool waitresses, interesting people.  What else do you a need.  A very good breakfast joint.
3	Had a traditional scrambled/hash browns/bacon/toast/juice breakfast and while I wasn't blown away I don't have anything negative to report.  The hash browns were really just diced potatoes that sat in the pan until browned and weren't all that flavorful, while the bacon was definitely some of the best I have ever had.  It was thick cut and full of all that bacony goodness.Side note:  The wait staff is above average in attractiveness so if that matters to you, there you go.
3	always looking for a new breakfast spot this is another great venue. service was very good food tasty and large quanity could  of probley split a breakfast w/the wife. I offered to buy a breakfast for a street guy haging around outside they said he was always there but they would make him a to go breakfast,when we got our bill they had picked up the tab for the street guy. not my plan but was a nice gesture on the restaurants part
4	Still love this place, has character, good breakfast choices, and so on.  The service this time could have been a little better.  Apparently, the waitresses friends were more important than the customers.  Nontheless, the food is good, waitresses are generally very good, and cool place.  Check it out.
5	My friend and I officially started our weekly brunch get-togethers, and the first stop was this cute cafe.  We didn't have to wait as long as I thought we would, so that was nice.  I ended up ordering a half order of biscuits and gravy with sausage links and two eggs.  Yum!  The portions are plenty big, but I ended up clearing my plate.  My friend got the hashed browns with blueberry pancakes, and I loved that when his order came, they added a mini pancake so as not to waste any batter.  How very opposite of wasteful!  He said his food was delicious as well.  The prices are not what you would expect, so no unpleasant surprises.  The waitress was good too and came back plenty of times to fill our coffees and water and ask how we were doing.A few things to point out: 1. Be sure to look up once you get inside to see what the special is.  It's usually written above the bar area.  2. If you go looking for skillets (like i did), you will not find any here.  Don't be deterred, though.  The menu carries a good variety, and the food is awesome.3. They do not do separate checks, so be sure to figure out your payment beforehand if you think you're gonna split a check between some friends.4. A half order of biscuits and gravy is a lot if you have a normal-sized stomach, especially cuz their biscuits are rectangular in shape instead of round, so be forewarned.Overall, great service, great food, great place.  Bon appetit!
4	This place is on our list of must stops during our annual Spring Training Trip. Nothing better than a hearty breakfast from Harlow's in the morning after a late night on Mill. Potatoes were awesome, biscuits and gravy off the chart. The portions are more than you'll need too. They totally can accommodate large groups too.
4	Best breakfast in town! But enough about the food, I'm writing to regale you with tales of my encounters with the sexiest servers I've ever seen. I don't what exactly it is, but whomever does the hiring at this joint deserves a firm handshake. The servers all wear skin tight black workout pants (yeah you know the ones) that accentuate every beautiful curve of the buttocks. The best view can be had while sitting at the bar (it's wonderfully positioned right behind the expo line (where they put the food for you non-industry peeps)). These gorgeous women put the servers at hooters to shame. Honestly, the food could be total crap and I would still enjoy it with a smile on my face...
3	Before I ate here for the first time, I had read the reviews on Yelp. When my friends said it was that awesome, I decided to try it out. It's not bad but I didn't think anything was incredibly outstanding. It's a good place to stop if you want breakfast that isn't too expensive and isn't in a regular chain but if you're looking for out-of-the world, this may not be it.
3	Decent prices, good service. Potatoes were a little cold but the bacon was thick-cut and crisped up nicely. I liked my coffee (refilled often) and the french toast was pretty good. Biscuits were these big flat rectangle things, spongy (or is it fluffy?) and the gravy was a nice thick consistency with just enough pepper (could use a little more salt, but that's easy enough to deal with). Not a bad place but pretty standard breakfast fare, no huge standouts to me. On a side note, there sure are a lot of rules here, presumably to keep people from acting like jerks in such a small space:- no more than 2 split checks- no business meetings- no students studying- surcharge for to-go orders- no substitutionsI mean really...
5	PERFECT! The food was amazing, very flavorful and light on grease (though we didn't really order anything too greasy to start with). We had the chorizo burrito and eggs benidict. There wasn't much to the burrito, it was all chorizo very filling and cooked perftctly. It's easy to mess up chorizo but this was done just like my mothers.The eggs benidict was even better. The holandaise was lemony and creamy, really light. Eggs poached perfrctly. So good, I secretly wished I had ordered them myself.The waitresses were very attentive and friendly. The prices were really favorable as well.
4	First meal on our own without the friends that we visited here in AZ we had to transgress from the In-N-Out, Denny's, McDonalds, Starbucks, waffle house, and macaroni grill of the previous weekend and finally try a non chain establishment. On the menu for us we wanted protein!!!!! An order of cornbeef hash, eggs and cottage cheese followed by a bacon waffle and  a bowl of fruit did the trick. This spot is in the ASU area and has a large following from locals as it was packed. Service was exceptional with my coffee mug never empty and our orders executed perfectly even though we kinda made that order out of a bunch of stuff on the menu. I would go back from breakfast if I lived in the area for sure.
4	Great breakfast! My sis and her bf took me there (drove all the way from Chandler!). I think our meal was out in like 5 min! Great service even though the place was packed and the food was awesome! HUGE portions.
2	This review is based strictly on their burgers.  Why?I had just downloaded the Yelp mobile app and Harlow's was among the top burger search results for Tempe.I know it's a great breakfast/sandwich/diner type place, but had never thought of it as a burger destination, until the Yelp mobile results.  So I headed on over.  Here's what I found:It's not a burger destination.   They offer 5 or so, starting with a basic burger, then different variations based on toppings... green chile, texas chile, bacon focused, etc.  I kept with the basic, plus cheese.  For $8 you get the basic burger with fries, and the variations bump it another dollar or two.  Drinks are extra.  The menu said theirs were char grilled, but I think they are steam table cooked - no char or smokey taste on mine.  Likewise, I appreciate the regular menu featuring a lot of local product sources,  but I'd guess these are from a frozen patty national vendor.  It wasn't bad, but it reminded me of many tailgates where we bought the big pack of frozen patties and simply reheated and cooked them on a grill.The service was good and fast.  The fries were decent, though nothing unique (also from a frozen bag?).  The bun was ok, and it came with pickle, onion and lettuce.  But it's still unclear if they made them there or used an external source for the patty.  Bottom line:  After tip, I paid $12 for a burger, fires and coke.  There was no "wow moment."  If they produced something unique it might be worth it.  As it stands, I'd definitely recommend the place for other things, but not burgers. It's not their forte.
2	So my friend ordered the Eggs Benedict and she did not like it at all.. their Hollandaise sauce was very "lemon-y" and just not good, so we alerted our waitress and asked for 2 eggs over medium instead.  No problem, we got the two eggs as a replacement and ate our meals. I had the corned beef hash, which tasted like it was from a can, potatoes which were good, and sausage patties which were excellent.  They easily and happily made my meal sans butter/dairy as requested.One little bonus was that our server had an ass that was hypnotic... in the words of the great Mr. Pacino, she had a "GRRRREAT ASS!!".... but I digressWhen our meal was complete we received the bill and noticed we were charged $10 for the Benedict plate.  "No prob.", I thought, she just forgot to take it off.  It was New Years day and they were swamped up in there.  So I get to the counter and alert the hostess, she goes and speaks to our waitress and returns telling us that our waitress said we ate half of the meal, which is why we were charged.  WTF?!?  I explained that she was wrong and literally two bites were taken... 1 by the person who ordered the meal and 1 by a friend to confirm how gross the dish was.  She ended up removing the item from the bill, but the whole experience left a bad taste in my mouth, so to speak.  We're not some grungy, poor ASU students trying to scam a free dish, fuck off.
5	I'd been craving huevos rancheros for a week. Every time I got the "we're going to Arizona to see my family. Save your appetite for the authentic stuff" line. Well, two days into our trip and no huevos rancheros in sight, we were trolling the internet for non-chain restaurants in Tempe. Not only was Harlow's independent, but it was amazingly not in a strip mall! Don't get me wrong, they can do some amazing things in strip malls down there, but it never ceases to be what it is. Harlow's is in a low-built shacky building next to a barber shop. I inhaled those huevos rancheros (with green AND red sauces) like it was my last meal of the day. It certainly was not the last, but (don't tell the family) it was the best. Also, service was friendly, S's meal was good, the decorations were funky, and even on Christmas eve at the end of the brunch time, we were treated very well.
4	1.  Great breakfast food in an easy to get to location after Mill Ave Bars2.  Super fast service, we literally got our food in about 5 minutes after we bought it3.  Coffee was solid!4.  I also got the huevos rancheros and they were excellent.  Salsa was great - I'm definitely going to try the green sauce next / hashbrowns equally as excellent!5.  Waitress staff was...as described many times below.6.  I will definitely be returning to Harlow's after obtaining my next hangover!
4	This place seems to have its place in local & movie history and has lot of autographed photos of movie stars dating back to the 60's.  It's not too far from ASU and has been around for decades.  Harlows' rises above other morning establishments with fresh typical breakfast dishes as well as great signature meals. Plus, it's not a chain so it has that mom n pop feeling right away as you enter into the restaurant (nothing fancy, but a place that you can sense has down right good eats).The fresh juice is squeezed daily and their homemade muffins come served to your table piping hot.  We tried a little of all three muffins (blueberry, peach, and strawberry) they had that morning but could only consume little chunks of each because we were so full from our meals.  I had the Eggs Maximillian with chorizo both times I've been here and it still tastes great.  The combination of eggs with chorizo, onions, green chilies, scallions, and salsa on top of bed of home fires is simply overwhelming (In a very good way).The excitement from the first time had gone away, but the food was still delicious.  I really wanted to get a side of their fresh made biscuits and gravy, but saw the portions and knew that I had to select one dish or the other and not both.The service is top notch and the food came out quick, hot and very fresh tasting.  The very nice waitresses are never rude, pushy or short tempered. And the prices are very reasonable for what you get; great service, great food at really decent prices.The only bad thing and it's not really their fault is that the parking is extremely bad (so I heavily suggest carpooling).
5	My husband and I have eaten breakfast here a dozen times and we have never been disappointed.  Their food is consistently good.  Their coffee and bakery items are also excellent.  My hubby always orders the eggs and chorizo with a side of refried beans.  He say they make it just right.  I have ordered a variety of items from the menu and I have always liked everything that I ordered.  I really appreciate the fact that they have some options on the menu that are not so large that you can't finish them or feel stuffed.The place is always crowded on the weekends but I have noticed that if you go earlier in the morning it is less so.  Also, when ASU is not in session it is a little better.  Just be prepared to wait for a table and don't come with a large group of people or small kids.  On the flip side, I appreciate the fact that after you are seated and enjoying your meal, the wait staff always takes your order and brings your food and coffee refills promptly but never makes you feel rushed or gives the impression that they are trying to turn the table quickly.
4	I found Harlow's Cafe one morning in Tempe. I found the service to be excellent, maybe the best I've ever had despite the fact that it always seems to be crowded they get people in and out of the restaurant quickly. The portions were huge and at affordable prices. The food is delicious, huevos rancherous and the cisco plate are both excellent choices.  The feeling of a mom and pop atmosphere comes to mind. The old style booth seating, and canvas paintings on the wall are a nice touch. I've always gotten my food in an extremely quick manner, and at the same time never felt rushed. I would recommend Harlow's cafe to anyone and see myself becoming a frequent customer.
5	Read the other reviews.  This place is local, old, rustic and great breakfast.  Yes, Great Chorizo breakfast.  Go eat.
3	Nice old school diner feel. Good food and service. We were pretty lucky to walk in and get seated with no problem. The place was hopping the whole time we were there.Just another of so many great eateries in Tempe.
2	So, we went on the busiest day of the week, Sunday. We didn't follow our friends' suggestions (Eggs Maximilian and Eggs Benedict). And, sadly, we weren't impressed.  First off, protect yourself in the parking lot. It's reminiscent of Death Race with people cruising around the parking lot in strange contorted circles, trying to guess where the exiting 4-top has parked in order to get into position.  My husband was waiting for a place (as in already stationary) when a woman in VW backed up several cars and expected him to move.  She was lovely. . . like jumping cholla is lovely that is.The staff are definitely friendly.  One of the servers dropped a plastic roach on my menu for my 3 year old while I was holding him.  How was he to know that I am unreasonably afraid/disgusted by them?  He was trying to be nice.  It looked so real that the kids were afraid to touch it and instead tried to use my hand to prod it to see if it would move.  Luckily, when our server came to take our order, the roach stayed inside the menu and would be a surprise for some future diner. (No, I do not feel bad about that.) Between the four of us, we ordered The Cisco (french toast/eggs/bacon combo), eggs and Canadian bacon, and Huevos Rancheros with both the green chili and red salsa.  The french toast came out hot and was decent, scrambled eggs were fine, and bacon crispy.  The Huevos was next.  Big disappointment. Beans were nearly cold, the green chili was just warm, eggs were cooked perfectly, but the plate just didn't do anything for us.  The green chili was very unremarkable. (Tortilla was good.)  The Canadian bacon was the roughest piece of CB I've ever seen, gristle around the edge and fat.  The eggs on the Canadian bacon plate were ordered over easy, but served over hard.  Coffee is weak. I'd have to say I like the bacon best which was crispy and thick. I think my expectations were way too high for this place.  That being said, my husband had no expectations, and he said he wouldn't bother to go back.  If you go - maybe stick with the Eggs Max with chorizo.  That seems to be the #1 hit.  And watch yourself in the parking lot!
5	This place is the definition of awesome. Phoenix has a severe lack of quality diners, and Harlows fills the void for miles around. Be it the Cisco (Eggs, Sausage/ Bacon, and French toast) or Turkey day on Thursdays (fresh carved turkey, stuffing, mashed potatoes, gravy, green beans, and cranberry sauce), the food here is great. Come hungry, because the portions are very large. While the food is great, the waitresses are just as awesome. They are beautiful and super friendly. My only complaint is that they are only open until 2pm. This place is in walking distance to ASU... people at ASU don't even get up until 2PM. I would imagine if they would just stay open until 3:30 or 4, they would see a whole new customer base.
1	Since moving to AZ last summer, I have been on a never ending quest to find a true breakfast joint/diner. After reading reviews of Harlow's, I was excited to check it out! Unfortunately, it didn't live up to the hype. The eggs were cooked well, but the chorizo tasted off. The hash browns were unseasoned and seemed as though they hailed from a bag of frozen mashed potatoes. The orange juice, which had been promised to be excellent, was nothing more than a hybrid between Tang and Sunny D. Needless to say, I was less than impressed.Aside from the food (which is the main component at any eatery), the service was quick and friendly and the ambiance, inviting. If you're heading to Harlow's for coffee, toast and somewhere to read the paper or do homework, it's perfect.
4	Went here for breakfast on a Sat w/several girl friends after doing a 5K at Tempe Town Lake.  The coffee was really really good (I drank about 4 cups and I'm not even a coffee drinker) and our waitress was so good about keeping it warm and full (even though they were busy).A friend and I shared the Huevos Rancheros (w/green pork chili) & the Seafood Omelet (w/o the Hollandaise sauce - we both didn't care for the texture or taste).  Since we didn't want the Hollandaise sauce, we asked for extra green pork chili for our Seafood Omelet and our waitress happily & promptly brought it.  The potatoes were also really good and we both polished off our plates.I can see why this place is so popular and would highly recommend.
4	Didn't look promising from the outside, but on the inside, had everything you could ask for.  The breakfast was filling and delicious.  I highly recommend this place, much better than going to McDonald's for breakfast.
2	I don't see the big deal.  It's a greasy spoon.  The Maximilian's a skillet.  It's all fine, but I don't understand the high praise.  It's nice that it's an oasis of family-owned in Tempe, which is a sea of chains... but still.  Gotta say I enjoyed my breakfast at Essence Bakery & Cafe way more. Yeah, I guess they're entirely different animals, and maybe part of it is really is a matter of preference.  But even though on that basis, I'd like to give one more star, I just can't because of the same deal with the service I've been running into all over this town:  college kids that make no bones about the fact they'd rather be somewhere else.
5	If your looking for a best breakfast spot close to the ASU campus, look no further than Harlow's Cafe.  Now if your a regular for more than a week you might gain about 30 pounds and get diabetes.  They give a full meal at a reasonable price for breakfast food.  The waitresses are top notch, good looking, and the services is great. If you go in the morning after a night of partying you will be so happy you did not go to ihop.  After your done eating plan on having about a 3 hour nap afterwards.When you are eating it kind of feels like you are in a basement of someone's 50's styled house.  I would get a booth, you always want a booth if possible, It's not breakfast or lunch unless your in a booth.Recommendation: Good for groups of 4-6 and a greasy delicious breakfast.
5	Who doesn't love biscuits n' gravy served promptly and with a smile in a comfortable fake wood-paneled environment?? A cozy spot for church goers and serial killers alike.  Yes the coffee is hot if not overly flavorful.
4	My husband and I were in search of somewhere new and different this Monday am (memorial day) and we just went driving and ended up here. We both only had two requirements...good ice tea and different atmosphere. Score! This place is very 70's Hollywood with the woodpaneled walls and celebrity memorabilla. The servers were very nice and attentive (pretty girls in short shorts). There were incredibly busy but we were sat in a nice booth right away and the food came out very fast! I just had eggs fruit and toast but the eggs were very fresh and cooked perfect to my order. The fruit was very good although the melon could have been more ripe. All in all a very good expericance and we will be back!
5	Even writing this review is making me hungry. I used to live right across the street from Harlows. Everything time I go there it is packed with people having a great time. They have beautiful waitresses with lightning fast serving skills. The food is a little pricey and some times you have to wait find a seat, but not matter how busy they are always expect a smile and great service.
4	This is one of two spots that I'll take my out of town friends for breakfast. The "Percy" is one of my favorites ...spicy, tasty & the freshly baked biscuits all make for a GREAT start to the day. BEST coffee in the Phoenix area, the servers are drop dead gorgeous...what's there not to like?
3	While it's nice to find a 1970's-truck-stop-esque diner the food was just so-so for the price (seriously, 2 eggs and 4 pieces of bacon, 8 bucks.  bowl of cereal ,3 bucks) If you have a hangover this place will most likely do wonders thanks to their concrete pancakes and greasy meat. The biscuits and gravy were pretty good but still for 9 dollars a plate I couldve eaten twice at Dennys.The people were nice, the service is great, i really love greasy spoons, but i cant hang with the rock gut pancakes at all. After reading other reviews i will prolly go back to try out the huevos rancheros though.
3	This is not my first choice of restaurants for breakfast but I went again recently and had the Eggs Maximillian and they were very yummy.  A bit overpriced for breakfast but still good.
4	Pros:Quick seating (the place was packed and our party of seven was seated within 10 minutes)Friendly staffQuick serviceCons:Food won't bowl you over with flavorParking is a nightmare
4	I totally dig it! The waitresses are HOT the food is greasy and delicious.....the corned beef hash was literally heaven on earth....especially after a long night of drinking =) The only downfall is they don't serve alcohol...boo.....but the trailer home wood paneling with dozens of Chandeliers totally makes up for it!
4	if you don't know or love harlows....well then get on it.  this place with it's casual morning after atmosphere and large menu is just what any hangover would order.  greasy, cheap, tasty, and fast.  the wait staff are always friendly and one top of their fast moving game.  it's good for groups, and for the unshowered.  parking is always @ a premium so beware,  and the wait can sometimes take 30 minutes.  but that's because it's a good overall dinner in the classic sense.  go .. enjoy.  fill up on dinner coffee....  and take a nap.
4	I love the vintageyness of this place. I like how everything is dark brown and they have those old booths like back from the 70's. The service is extremely friendly and quick and the food is pretty consistent and good. Just sit back and relax and let the good looking waitresses take care of you.
3	Breakfast all day. Healthy portions.  Tiny diner but food was very fast.   No substitutions and no Amex.
4	BLT deluxe was awesome. Something made it pop, i think they sneak pancake butter in there somewhere. I sampled the Wild West Burger which was super greasy and in my opinion pretty bland however I hear  the mushrooms were sauteed to perfection. The atmosphere was relaxing even though it was busy. Our waitress was indeed easy on the eyes as well as polite and attentive.It was a little pricey, $18 something for two plates.
5	Harlow's is so darn good.  Whenever i come here i always order the Eggs Maximilian with Chorizo because it's soooo tasty.  Their portions are huge and their service is super quick.  They fill up and are always full because it's so popular and so good.  There are always people leaving so it's usually not more than a 20 min wait at the most.  They have a huge menu with a huge variety.  It's a little pricier but worth it.  I would eat here every weekend if i could.  Another place i will miss when i move out of AZ.  ps. Great place for a hangover.
4	Best greasy spoon in town!
4	Saturday mornings at Harlow's...bring out the troops, this place is PACKED for breakfast. On the fringe of the ASU campus, Harlow's attracts an interesting mix of college students & business types, all wanting a GREAT cup of coffee, in comfortable surroundings. TRUST me, the Percy will get the job done, a spicy concoction of eggs, cheese and breakfast potatoes their Belgian Waffles are crispy & topped with melted butter & blueberries if you ask. A WONDERFUL way to start any weekend.
4	so much delicious food. so little stomach room. i'll be back Harlow's...oh yes, i will be back.
5	This place is amazing! From the tasty omlettes to the traditional french toast and pancakes or even the biscuits and gravy. Mouth watering food, with a fun crowd! Not to mention the waitresses are not bad to view! Sometimes they should just call it Harlots' ayyyy.
4	Never a disappointing experience here! I've been frequenting this local joint, primarily for breakfast, the entire 3 years I've lived here in the Tempe / Phoenix area. I love introducing friends to Harlow's as well because inevitably they become hooked too.There are a couple downsides to this place, if you even wanna call them that: 1) limited parking can make it very frustrating to find a spot and 2) the prices are a little bit higher than what you'll pay at places like Denny's, Ihop or 5 and Diner. But those places suck anyway, so it's totally worth paying a little more for better food and better ambiance.Some favorites are the blueberry pancakes and the biscuits and gravy. The thick cut bacon is delicious too!Went here today for breakfast and I just might have to go again tomorrow!
5	I drove by this place dozens of times not really knowing what it was about, though I assumed it was some kind of restaurant. A steak place? Who knew, but there were always lots of cars...So I finally gave it a try, and I've drug lots of people back many times since. It's an old school cowboy diner, more or less. HUGE breakfast plates that include all the standard American classics with some Southwestern faves as well (chrorizo, huevos rancheros, green chile breakfast burritos, etc). Every massive plate comes with a big steak knife on top to help you cut your way through all the goodness. For the portions, the fresh ingredients, and the atmosphere, it's a $7-8 breakfast which is a real deal.
4	Dude...breakfast done right.  I ordered huevos rancheros and it came with a side of potatoes.  Delicious.  Very nice and spicy sauce that came with my huevos.The ladies and I shared a short stack (2 cakes) of blueberry pancakes and smothered it in butter and syrup.  It was sweet and delicious and the cakes were nice and fluffy.Also, three of the four ladies ordered a side of gravy to go with their biscuits they received with their meals (bread does not come with huevos rancheros).  I sampled a bit of a biscuit and it was really, really good.  Really crisp on the outside and fluffy in the middle.The diner is small and filled with old-school charm.  There are autographed photos from all kinds of old-school celebrities.  Our server was really sweet and did a nice job of handling all of her tables on a busy Saturday morning.
5	The best breakfast spot in Tempe - classic greasy spoon done right.  Not sure why anyone goes anywhere else.  Good old-school counter, sit there if it's too packed!
4	Every Tuesday morning after PT, love this place! Good place to go alone because they have an old school diner bar but also great to go with friends. Large breakfast selection, sure to please everyone. All the food I've experienced was excellent but now I stick to the half order of biscuits and gravy with 2 eggs, that's more than enough.It is a little more expensive than your typical breakfast place but the quality of the food and service makes it worth your while. Ask for Cody, she is the best server they've got.Just a heads up, their rule is that they don't split checks no matter the size of the party. Along with that your only aloud 2 credit cards per check, everything else must be cash. Still worth it though.
3	This is a special place, but not because the food is amazing.  The food is adequate, and frankly perfect for the multitudes of hung-over Tempe bar hoppers.  The menu is large, and there are items on the menu that are great, and some not so great. For example (great):Read the other Yelp reviews, people seem to concur that the Huevos Rancheros is where it's at.I personally like their traditional 2 egg breakfast.  There is Cholula on the table, and the food is done right.For Example (not great):If you are there for lunch, and a BLT sounds good, order ANYTHING else.  The BLT is a skinny little slice of a sandwich on wonderbread.  Nothing cool.  (Go to Wildflower Bread Company if you want a BLT done right).Why this place is special:In the early days it was called May West, and a despute over the name resulted in the renaming to Harlow's.  In both cases the diner is "Early Hollywood" themed-- Starlettes and old movie posters line the walls.  The dining experience is down-home, and small-town-ish, which is something Tempe used to have a whole lot more of-- charm.So, this place is special because it is charming, relaxing, and full of good old fashioned comfort food in the old Tempe tradition.
3	The BF and I went here this morning for breakfast after finding it on yelp. I thought it sounded good and I love trying new places, so we went. The place was busy, we almost left because there were no parking spaces left... luckily we made one more pass and someone was just walking to his car to leave. There was a little bit of a wait, but not bad. So the inside of this place is really cute, with the wood paneling and all. We got a cute little booth. We both ordered coffee, which was very meh. Really watered down coffee and cost 2.25 a cup. For breakfast, I ordered the spanish omelet and the BF got biscuits and gravy. The omelet was really good. It had a kind of spicy sauce on it that was tasty and I added cheddar which really went well with the sauce. The potatoes that it came with were nothing special, no real flavor. It also came with toast which was what it was. That cost 9$. The BF liked his B&G but thought it was a bit salty. It cost around 8$ with bacon. Overall, I'd say the place was good, but not great. For the 27$ I spent after tip, I could have gone to Liberty Market which is much much better, so I probably wouldn't come back here.
5	I won't go anywhere else for breakfast when I'm in Tempe.  Decent prices, and some of the best service you can ask for.  I'm no regular and this place is filled with them, but the servers take time to make you feel like you come there everyday.  I tend to judge breakfast joints by there their eggs benedict and Harlows has the second best I have ever had.  The hollandaise sauce is thick and lemony and eggs done as perfect as can be.  Had to have a side of bacon to wash it down.    This place fills up quick from the time they open their doors so go early for parking.
4	This is the BEST place for hangover breakfasts.  Have anything with chorizo in it if you're into spicy.  The servers are friendly and fun.  The place is a bit tight, but bc they've maintained their vintage atmosphere.
4	Breakfast and Dinner seem like the only meals we get to squeeze into our crazy schedule. Harlow's is definitely a great place in Tempe to get good breakfast. With a very "homey" vibe, Harlow's had a huge selection of breakfast and lunch all at very reasonable prices. The place was fairly packed, but we were seated pretty quickly. The staff greeted us with a smile, and we have to say, they were pretty easy on the eyes. Water was already at the table and drinks were brought out right away. We don't think you can order anything bad here. The standard eggs, sausage, bacon, and pancake breakfast was as good as anywhere else. And the biscuits and gravy were massive with plenty of gravy. A great local spot to go to the next day after a gig, with plenty of regulars you might have met the night before. A breakfast place that we will be returning to.
5	This authentic retro diner has great homemade food, but closes at 3pm!I order the 2 egg breakfast w/ biscuits and a side of gravy every-time.  It comes with home-style hash browns. -never a disappointment always cheap.
5	Think belly-buster and you have Harlow's Cafe. It is in a free standing building with parking in front-not really a "lot". It is dark and dated but the food is delicious, heavy and copious!  I had a huge omlete with salsa, chile and cheese, hash browns, coffee, biscuits.  Ugh, getting hungry thinking about it. The waitresses all could be in a '50's pin up calendar, curvey and beautiful. It's quite a sight to see the regulars come in and get called by name. They have regular tables and regular girls. And those girls work the flirt for their tips. But how much does one really have to work a 50 year old bachelor? Don't ask me, that was a previous life....Love it but can't visit often or my Lucky Jeans won't fit. And I loves me Luckies!
4	went here for breakfast with some friends. it was pretty busy and only had to wait maybe 10-15 mins to be seated. not too bad. quick service, we had coffee almost immediately. the food was delicious. standard breakfast food in my opinion. i got the corn beef hash meal. everything was good, and cooked the way i like. i would definitely come back here if i was in the area!
5	HUEVOS RANCHEROS! I must ask my fiancee on every one of my days off if we can go to Harlow's. I just love the atmosphere, kind of a 1950's diner feel with old movie posters on the walls and all the waitresses call you "hun". It's just friendly and very warm. Plus Harlow's is always hopping, it's just the place to be in Tempe, you could run into anyone here.   Harlow's is a breakfast spot, they have lunch, and it's pretty good, but if you want real justice you have to try breakfast items, like the HUEVOS RANCHEROS! Man are they good, by far the best I've ever had. The service is always great, and even though there can frequently be wait times, it's totally worth it.
2	So I keep reading reviews where people say "I want to like whatever place, but I just can't."  This is how I feel about Harlow's.The inside is cool... I like the retro diner feel.  And it's right around the corner from me, so it would be a great convenient spot.  And the prices are decent, except for the fact that the food is just not good.  (In the end I feel like I just wasted $30 on a crappy meal.)  I've given the place two tries, and I just don't get how the rating is so high and why it's always busy.The first time I had the eggs benedict.  Not great, but not terrible.  I would never go back for more of that though.  I had read that the eggs Maximilian are the gem on the menu, so when I gave the place another go, I tried it.  Also not good.  My first bite was cold.  Not room temperature cold, but like refrigerator cold.  The flavor is somehow bold and bland at the same time.  I ate about 1/4 of the plate and couldn't do it anymore.  I left the place unsatisfied and kinda hungry.My boyfriend likes pretty much everything and is NOT a picky eater, but he didn't like his chorizo breakfast burrito.  I don't know how you can mess  up a breakfast burrito, in AZ nonetheless, to the point that the guy won't eat it, but... well, it happened.The OJ tastes like the stuff you get out of a machine at a hotel breakfast.  You know you've made a mistake when you know you would have eaten better tasting food at Denny's.  :(I can't decide between one star or two.  I will never go back there because the food is so bad.  But the service is fine.
4	Harlow's is the closest thing to an East Coast diner I have found in AZ.  The food was good and came out quick even though there is always a tremendous line.  We were able to snag two bar seats right when we walked up - very lucky!  The service is fast and friendly.  The decor is a hodge podge of everything, but somehow seems cool that it hasn't been changed in years!
3	Harlow's is good. Although as I leave the Tempe bosom. I realize, it is not great. Its not cheap and the food is just good. The service is probably the biggest draw, the servers that is...the service is also good. It can be incredibly busy and that doesn't seem to effect the service. Except for take out apparently, I once called and was told that the kitchen was too busy for take out orders...which had me confused. That was an isolated incident though.I still enjoy Harlow's but absence has not made the hear grow fonder. Its made the palette grow wiser if anything.
5	What's to say about a place that always has a line of people outside waiting to get in? Not really much except that the food has got to be good! I got the chorizo burrito and it was out of this world, I had heard this place was good but when you actually go there the first time and all your high expectations are met, well that makes this place outstanding! Aside from the food this place has a very local atmosphere which I love and let me tell you that the service rocked and all the great looking female servers are another great plus! Go there on a Saturday or Sunday morning and expect to wait to be seated but it's highly worth it!
5	I decided to go today after a friend recommended.  It's in an older looking place but very warm and cozy on the inside.  Service was spot on, they came and took drink order right away.  I ordered the oatmeal, and my friend ordered eggs, bacon and toast.  The oatmeal was delicious, they served it with butter, milk, and brown sugar on the side.  Perfect!  We also had cofee which also tasted great.  Had 2 cups!.  My friend also loved his meal.  The prices were great also.  Only 16.00 tab at the end of the meal. What I really enjoyed about the place were the servers.  All were dressed nicely with makeup and were very friendly.  I will definetley visit again.
5	So I hate breakfast let me start there. I consider myself a foodie but there are so many things I won't eat..bananas, avocados...but most importantly eggs and breakfast. Now since you have got past my first section you must still be relatively interested on how I can give Harlow's 5 Stars when its a breakfast spot. First off the tradition. Harlow's has been a staple in Tempe for years. It looks something you would find in the woods and is super welcoming. Also for the guys out there not only is the food great but a majority of the support staff is also excellent. Now this place does get slammed so be prepared for a potential wait. I have only gone during the week with clients and at the most its been 5-10 minutes. Since I don't like most breakfast food I also go with the corned beef hash or the green chile burrito. They are both amazing and you leave not only feeling full but prepared for an afternoon nap. All in all you NEED to try Harlows you won't regret it.
5	If youre the type of person that cant except a dish for what it is, then you might not like the over 10 places on the menu where it says NO SUBSTITUTIONS! Thats why I love this place. People all too often forget that OFTEN somebody else knows what you want more than you do. Be open for an experience that is old school cafe style with combos that include either coffee or in some cases juices to go along with a full blown breakfast. The only thing I didnt love was the sausage patties because they seemed a little too artificial for such a quality joint. Other than that the french toast, pancakes, eggs, hashbrowns, bacon, and everything else Ive had there was atleast good if not great. Overall if you arent too picky and want a solid breakfast at a great price hit this place up and I promise you will be happy you arrived.
4	I found a new breakfast spot! This place is a dive; a dive you would most likely drive by on a daily basis and never think twice about. At least, that's what I did! But, I can now say that I will never let this happen again because they have one solid breakfast! This is an old school breakfast spot. It's a little shack off of University with booths and tables in every nook and cranny. People wait for this breakfast and that says a lot about this little spot. It reminds me of a breakfast diner I visited as a child or one I would have liked to find in college. The food is delicious. They have homemade everything including tasty homemade muffins (go for the blueberry) and homemade biscuits as well. Their portions are large and in charge. I had the egg white omelet and could only finish half. It also came with breakfast potatoes that hit the spot. The meal wasn't fancy but it was good. When I'm in the area, I will definitely choose Harlow's Cafe as my breakfast spot. I'm just sad it took me this long to find it!
2	just wasn't impressed.  i had heard good things about harlows but the food was not noteworthy, the prices werent' great for what you got and the waitress was a little rude
5	Okay... so the building looks like a dive or strip club from the street.  Get over it if you are looking for excellent breakfast food.  We just moved to the area from out of state and I immediately began the important task of searching for a great breakfast spot.  I saw the reviews for Harlow's on Yelp and had to try it. I've eaten there twice in the last week and the food & service have been excellent. Day 1 I had chorizo & eggs which was amazing.  Today I had eggs benedict and the hollandaise sause with fresh lemon was ridiculously good.If excellent breakfast food is what you're after, you need to give this place a shot.  And let's be honest, the waitress outfits don't hurt the cause either ;-)
1	If you want to loose weight, this is the place to eat! Pretty much everything that was served to me remained on the plate at the end of the meal . . .The coffee was pitifully undrinkable - I even tried adding cream and sugar and still could not take it.My egg whites were raw - runny and gross and the "home fries" were cubes of boiled potatoes thrown onto the grill for .4 seconds to give them the appearance of something breakfast-like. The bacon portion was sizable - four big pieces. The only problem was that it tasted like greasy salt - none of the smokey meat flavor you get with good bacon. I would have sent my plate back but the "NO SUBSTITUTIONS" written ad nauseum across the menu and the fact that we were seated in front of the kitchen and I saw who was preparing my food made me think better of it.'nuff said.
5	I was spending the weekend in Tempe, dog-sitting for a friend and on my last morning, I discovered Harlow's Cafe. I'm glad I did and it reminds me of all the great old "greasy spoon" diners back on the east coast. Looking at Yelp!, Harlow's is one of the only places to get breakfast in Tempe on a Sunday morning, it seems. This was obvious when I pulled up to a full parking lot and people waiting outside.  I was greeted quickly and told it would only be about five minutes.  Sure enough, two minutes later a single spot opened up at the counter and I was shown the way.My server, Katrina was friendly and attentive.  For as busy as it was, she did not seem rushed or impatient.  I tweeted during my meal how attractive many of the servers were.  I'm sure that partially explains the plethora of college guys in there having breakfast.  It may seem chauvinistic to point such a thing out, but even if they were good-looking guys I would be inclined to mention it just because many times at old diners you get "Flo" for your server - not the case here.  The coffee was very good diner coffee - not too bitter or strong but it had flavor.  I'm very particular about my coffee (and everything, really) and was happy.  I ordered the chorizo burro with hash browns and it came out within 8-10 minutes.  When I ordered, I originally asked for well-done hash browns but after seeing a few orders in the window that were nice and crisp, I changed to just regular.  That was my only mistake as my potatoes came out white.  Katrina saved the moment by asking the cook to give her a small side of fresh, crispy hash browns.  He obliged and they came out perfect.  My "homemade" chorizo definitely had a kick and tasted authentic and the eggs were a perfect texture and taste.   The pricing is a bit high for diner food - Coffee for $2.30? It was good, but come on.  It was almost enough to knock my review down to four stars, but everything was so good, I'm hoping they just pay a bit more for their ingredients - or to their servers.  Maybe THAT explains why they're working there.  I guess it's money well-spent in that case.  One thing I know - it's certainly not spent on the decor.  But that's just the way this NY'er likes it.
4	Great service and food lived up to the billing. Wouldn't have stopped if it wasn't for the Yelp reviews. Outside looked rundown so it was a great pleasure to find the food top notch.
4	The food is above average.  The waitstaff is way above average (both in service and in looks).  The price is a bit more than you might expect, but it would seem that with all the quality that goes into the place it is worth it.Harlow's is always busy, but I've never had to wait more than a couple minutes for a seat somewhere.
4	All in all, not a bad place to grab breakfast.  Was probably built in the 60's and last updated in the 70's. so i guess I'd call it kinda kitschy inside.   The good:  Polite, efficient (read competent) service, good eggs, sausage gravy, toast, omelets.  The bad:  prices are about $2/plate more than you'd expect but that's not outrageous.  And then there's the pancakes.  I'm just not a fan of dry pancakes.  You know the one's I mean.... so dry they soak up all the butter and syrup you put on them and then while your head is turned they make a grab for your water glass?  Yeah, these are those pancakes.  Stay away from those and you'll have a good experience.
3	Before my trip from Lodi, CA to the Phoenix area, I thought to myself of Foods that I could not find in California that are found here... I came up with Creamed Chipped Beef... maybe it was something of a nostalgic moment... something I haven't had since my Army days WAY back when. Days when the Draft was last used.As my friend and I drove up to Harlow's limited-space parking lot, we conveniently found the last parking space on the South side of the restaurant. And when we walked in the restaurant was 100% full... but we got the last table available... What luck! Everyone that came in after us, and there were quite a few, had to wait...On the menu...Chipped Beef on Toast (**** $9.50) 2/3rds of the Oval Plate consisted of the Chipped Beef mixed with White Gravy concoction. The rest of the plate consisted of a side of Potatoes (**** 1/2), which was Excellent.Value is not very good on this Entree... as you travel further East in the United States... Chipped Beef will get less expensive.... prices are $4.00 to $6.00 in the East and Southern part of the US.The dish has the ubiquitous description in the Armed Services of SOS... "S--- on a Shingle".Belgian Waffles (** 1/2 $6.50) A six-inch Waffle, with a dab of Butter off to the side, with a small plastic container of Maple Syrup. Cold, when I did get it, though. Reminded me of an Eggo... that hadn't been toasted enough. I've never had an Eggo... but it reminded me of one. That's the price, I guess, of popularity - too many orders at one time in the kitchen...Ice Tea (*** 1/2 ???) Unlimited Refills... but in a smaller-than-average glass... and then you'd have to wait for the waitress for the refill...Value (**) When I was here this past weekend, most of the customers were ASU Students and a "regular" elderly population. I really do not understand this restaurant's popularity. Average in Quality Food at best, and prices that are $1.00 to $4.00 MORE than you would pay at another basic Breakfast joint. Also... you have to deal with the less-than-average Elbow Room space.If I think Harlow's is over-priced, how can ASU students afford this place?Harlow's makes an attempt at a nostalgic recreation of a diner during the depression-era (not the current depression, but 1936) with photographs of it's namesake Jean Harlow, WC Fields, Mae West, et al. Take me back all the way... 5cent Coffee, and meals for a Quarter... now, that's nostalgia! The atmosphere seems more like a Dive than anything nostalgic.Waitress was personable and conversant, but review is just based on the FOOD!
5	This is the ultimate greasy spoon. The atmosphere is authentic neighborhood dive, and the food is fabulous. Try the chipped beef on toast or the Parisian omelet. Nothing on the menu disappoints, but those are the most ordered items at my table when I go :)
5	There's not enough good I can sing in terms of praise of Harlow's Cafe. Its a super authentic old school breakfast greasy spoon diner; the Huevos Rancheros are a-may-zing, their toast is awesome, their hash brows are the bomb. They have old photos everywhere and they have waitresses that are very helpful (they dont have male wait staff as far as I can tell, but the girls arent dressed like Hooters - Id say its part of the old time ambience theyre going for). The decor is just really homey and like something you'd see in a movie if you picture breakfast diner. Its not trying to be hip and the food is solid, good and you get a great experience eating there. Its only open for breakfast, but its a good place to grab morning chow if youre in Tempe and there's not a huge line out front and a 2 hour wait like some other breakfast places in Phoenix and the food is easily much better.
3	Been here only twice. Unfortunately I forgot what I got the first time. I remember that it was awesome though. That didn't help me the second time around.I got the chorizo and eggs. It had more chorizo then scrambled eggs. The potatoes were my favorite. The portions were huge, but it also came with over a $9 price tag. My wife got a half stack of pancakes, which I only remember being waaayyy overpriced.The coffee was $2.39 with unlimited refills, which tasted great.Our waitress was attentive, friendly and hot. They seem to have new ones every semester.Even though my portion was big, I left feeling unsatisfied and couldn't get Cracker Barrel out of my head.
2	We visited Harlow's around 9am on a Monday morning. We were seated promptly at a booth near the bar. It was nice to see "regulars" interacting, but we probably won't become one of them. It seemed like everything was just cooked too hot. Here's what we had:I had the pancake, egg and sausage patty combo. The eggs were supposed to be scrambled, but there was no fluffiness to them. Instead, they were closer to being fried and literally just chopped up with the spatula before plating. One small sausage patty. The pancakes tasted fine but were well cooked on one side (down, of course, as if I couldn't taste it if I couldn't see it??). $9. Ouch.Hubby got eggs over easy, toast and hashbrowns (plus a shooter of juice--seriously, it's a tiny glass). His toast was cooked perfectly. The eggs were overdone and lacked runny yolks. He didn't complain about the hashbrowns, but even one side of those were darkened. Another $9.We tried to share a regular order of biscuits and gravy, but it just wasn't that great. For $7 you get three split biscuits (these were decent--definitely buttermilk and the perfect balance between dense and fluffy) smothered with gravy. I think I saw 3 tiny bits of sausage, and the rest just tasted mainly of flour. We left it half uneaten.All in all, you don't go here for the ambiance, and now I wouldn't go for the food. It's sad that as we passed a McDonald's hubby said, "I bet their bacon and egg McMuffin would've been better."
5	As Im writing this I am still full a few 4hours later. This place was packed but don't let that fool you. Our wait to be seated was only 10mins long. and our service was good and food came out in less than 15mins. I had a Parisian omelette and it was absolutely delicious. Just now they don't split checks and only split btwm 2 cards :)
4	I visited my cousin Tempe earlier this month. Since she is not an early bird and rarely ever wakes up in time for brunch, much less breakfast, I relied on good old yelp to pick a good breakfast place! Thanks yelp!Harlow's Cafe was awesome! My cousin ordered a simple eggs, toast, and cottage cheese, Jeff got the eggs maximilian with chorizo, and I got the biscuits and sausage gravy with a side of fruit.  Everything was HUUGE.  Coffee and water were always filled. My biscuits were soft and fluffy, and the sausage gravy was delicious! Jeff loved his eggs maximilian, which was gigantic. The eggs, tortilla, hash browns, salsa, chorizo, sour cream mixed together wonderfully. My cousin's eggs, toast, and cottage cheese were fine, very standard. The vibe was diner-ish with posters of movie stars, cowboys, etc. Thankful I got my cousin to wake up for brunch!
2	Other than a couple waitresses with big jugs this place doesn't have much to offer. The food is bland and over priced. Only positive thing I can say is that that they warm up their muffins.
4	Harlow's has been a Habitual hangover spot of mine for years. Over time, one word rings in my mind: CONSISTENCY. Harlow's is a fixture in Down town Tempe and has gained my patronage through their large portions, Great service, and Exceptional breakfast. Try ANYTHING on the "South of the Border" section of the menu, and I promise, you CAN'T go wrong. If you're looking for aesthetics, this isn't the place for you. But if you enjoy eating at local gems, this is THE breakfast destination. Keep on doin what you do best Harlow's. Eat well, Live well, and surround yourselves with ones who do.       -Cheers
4	Harlows Cafe made for  a nice brunch this wonderful Sunday morning. They were super busy yet for a party of 2 we only waited about 10 or 15 minutes. It was great! This place has a cozy, cottage, localish feel and you can tell its a popular spot. I wasn't fond of our table but it wasn't uncomfortable by any means. The server was great with timing whether taking our order, delivering food or grabbing the check. She always topped off our waters (I am one of those customers who downs their waters quickly! Servers beware) and wasn't annoying in the slightest. The BIGGEST plus I give Harlow's, the portions are perfect when sharing between two people and holy cow, the potato's weren't swimming in grease on my plate! Hallelujah. I love me some potato's and its too bad they are nutritionally worthless and so yummy. We ordered the two egg breakfast which comes with potato's and your choice of a side and we went with rye toast. We also ordered a short stack of blueberry pancakes. It was the perfect amount of food for two and again, the lack of grease was the best thing ever. The pancakes were super soft and they almost melt in your mouth, in the best way.I would love to come here again!
2	I can't believe how poor the food was this Sunday Morning. This used to be one of the very best places to have a great breakfast at a great price served by the most beautiful coeds ASU has to offer. Well the waitress's are still eye candy but I don't expect we will ever return. The food came very fast..impressively fast but it was all cold. I ordered a Green Chilli Burro and I swear it was Hormell Chilli right out of the can and didn't even resemble anything like a green chilli. The Biscuts & Gravy were also cold. The biscut was more akin to a dinner roll and the gravy had no taste.What a shame. I hate it when landmark resturants cut corners.
5	I wish I knew how to make pancakes that fluffy and deliscious.The service is great and the food is fantastic ! This is a must go to place.
5	I remember these guys when it was May West over on McClintock. Anyway, I dropped in here the other day and it is absolutely old school perfection. Every item I have ever ordered here has been above par and the servers go out of their way to make sure you are taken care of. FYI - It gets pretty crowded at peak times.
3	Good old greasy spoon type breakfast food.  The place has an old school vibe.  Not a bad choice if you are in the area.
4	A packed parking lot on a sunday near a college campus must mean good things and this was no exception.  Step into Harlows and experience a true diner.  The food is served steaming hot.  The hash browns are served in a massive heap and the omeletes rock.  Coffee keeps flowing as the friendly wait staff(my waitress kept calling me darling) dotes over you with a smile.  For true fans of a good diner breakfast get in early as the line keeps building.
2	You got to be kidding me on these reviews of 4-5 stars!! What the cuss?? Really? Tempe sure don't know food!!! I give it 2 greasy spoons. The food is nothing more than truck stop slop. Not anything great like other reviews claim. But it is one of the only breakfast places here in Downtown tempe which is LAME! But then again Tempe is a strange place. This is Just a typical greasy spoon hole. Not sure why people love it so much though. I would say it's lower than other greasy spoons on the greasy spoon scale. I have had better greasy spoons, much much better.
5	Can't add much to what has already been said.  Great hole-in-the-wall diner food with excellent service.Get the hash browns extra crispy, chip beef gravy, and pancakes.  You can't go wrong.Be warned the parking is horrible, but that's pretty normal for Tempe places near ASU.Try:- Hash browns Extra Crispy- Chip Beef Gravy- Pancakes
5	You'd miss Harlow's if you weren't looking for it, but you MUST stop here for breakfast.A classic hole in the wall place, you'll either love the dive-y atmosphere think you're in classic movie posters hell. But don't worry, the coffee is hot, the waitresses are friendly, and the food is absolutely amazing. If the full parking lot didn't give you that clue, the food will!Prices are average and reasonable.GET HERE for Sunday brunch or a Tuesday morning before work. You won't regret it and will most likely be back before you know it. A Tempe staple!
5	Great place for breakfast. Food well prepared and lots of it. Service friendly and attentive. Prices reasonable. Gets very crowded on weekends.
4	I had to laugh when I read Lester C's review, short but to the point and shows that sometimes, the best review is concise and I think he captures the main point, definitely a breakfast place worth checking out.It is, in all senses of the word, an old fashioned diner. The wood paneling of the interior is from another error and not a design you would see from a place that has been remodeled, I would think, in the last 20+ years but that adds to the rustic charm. The menu is a mix of traditional breakfast foods, many from before the time we worried too much about heart disease (includes me, I'm a huge fan of the Tom Mix, which is corned beef hash, eggs, country fried potatoes and toast) and they have some great Southwest based breakfast items.From the discussion between patrons and waiters I got the sense that the place has A LOT of regulars and the discussions provide a homey feel that I found enjoyable. I actually live fairly close so surprised that I have not come here more often (oh wait, not a big fan of breakfast food, that would explain it). I would probably do breakfast here on a Sunday morning and then maybe head over to Cartel Coffee Lab, just down the street for a more high-end coffee drink and a chance to read the Sunday paper of your choice. I feel bad about doing that in Harlow's because it is one of those places that the waitresses make more money via the turnover so I don't think extended lingering would be appreciated but Cartel can fulfill that part of your Sunday morning experience if a little Sunday paper downtime is part of your preferred weekend experience. :-)
5	I drive all the from Peoria to eat breakfast here.Not everyday but occasionally, It is the best. The food is great. The service and servers are awesome. And the prices are right in line.
4	I didn't understand the hype of this place as we arrived at the spot because it doesn't look so special, but the food was pretty good. I had a hard time deciding between omelets or french toast. I think I chose omelet but no idea which one because all of them sounded amazing. Great service too.
2	I was really excited to head out to Harlow's for the first time. The parking lot was packed but the wait wasn't as bad as I expected (for a group of five). Coffee was fine nothing special.Service was really good. Our waitress was very attentive and the food came out super fast. The two stars come out when I saw my plate. I ordered the biscuits and gravy (with sausage links) and it looked like the most unappetizing dish I've seen in recent memory. The biscuits were these tiny square atrocities and the gravy looked so bland with just a couple of micro sausage bits.I know it is biscuits and gravy, not always the most beautiful dish but the taste was pretty bad too. Everything tasted like it came out of a package.Now I realize this is a diner and the food isn't always the best but with the price premium on this stuff it is not worth checking out. The food was over $8 and the coffee was $2.55My roommate had the chorizo burrito and enjoyed it but said it wasn't anything special.Also, if you decide to go with a group of friends, bring cash. They won't split the check.
3	Coworker found this restaurant on Yelp. The Belgium Waffle was overcooked yet the batter was very tasty. The waitstaff was definitely the most enjoyable part of this restaurant.
1	Got food poisoning here today. I have been here before and have been satisfied. Today though I got the biscuits and gravy with eggs. Since then I have been vomiting all day. Very upset this is keeping me in the house on a Saturday
5	If you live in Tempe and have never been here you are beyond missing out.Its always packed....except for the counter. So we always sit there. Everything, and I do mean everything, is good here. They have the best french toast and their omelets are delicious. The staff is always nice. Seriously, go.
4	A couple of friends and I had the pleasure of coming here for breakfast after this year's Pat Tillman run. They had been previously, but I had never heard of it. What a nice, little surprise! As other reviewers mentioned, Harlow's gets crowded and this was especially true after the race. But despite that, they got us seated within 15 minutes. Not too shabby. Service was prompt including the water and coffee for our weary and parched souls. I had the Cisco, I think it was called, with french toast, two eggs, and sausage links. I have had better french toast elsewhere, but I still really enjoyed my meal. My companions also had meals that looked delicious. Perhaps even more so than mine? Can you say food envy? Anyways, the prices were average and also the ambience. I can see the charm of an unchanged place after many years especially when you have been coming for years. Overall, I thought it was cool. Would I drive from CenPho for the food? No. But I would stop for breakfast if in the area. I am glad I had the chance to try it....
2	This restaurant is the one that my husband and I disagree with the rating the most. He swears by this place. The atmosphere, the food, the service. He thinks it's all great. However, after being drug here a half a dozen times or so, I hate to say that I find nothing special about Harlow's. It is always very busy, but not in a busting, upbeat way. More like people running around frazzled and disjointed. The service is average. The waitstaff does their job, but they aren't overly friendly. The food is average to less than average quality. I always order breakfast items, so I can't comment on their lunch menu. However, in my experience at Harlow's, french toast is french toast. A muffin is a muffin. And that's it, really. The atmosphere is kind of dismal to me as well, but I have yet to put my finger on as to why it feels this way.I want to love this place, I really do, but Harlow's has yet to prove anything special to me. Perhaps I'll be back, but if I'm honest it would take quite a big change for me to catch onto the hype.
4	This is a great place to go for breakfast meetings. The service is fast, the food is great, and the staff is always really friendly. The menu consists of basic breakfast comfort food so don't plan on eating any culinary masterpieces, or extremely healthy options. I like bringing possible business acquaintances here to see if they act like animals around the mostly college aged female staff. If they do we probably won't have many more meetings together!
3	Mmmmm breakfast.  Harlow's is a good small-town-feeling type of breakfast joint.  Their menu boasts their heritage of family owners, and the items on the menu are displayed in the style of an old movie poster.  I ordered a 2 egg plate with toast and a juice, it was a simple breakfast because I wasn't very hungry, but they did it well.  The waitress was confusing because she tried to explain that the juice I got was bigger than the one that comes with my meal, and I could order another juice or just pay an upgrade price.  The way she said it made less sense though, and we ordered another juice and then while she was still at our table, changed our minds because we finally understood what she meant.  She seemed to have attitude before that incident, but afterwards she definitely had attitude.  The restaurant was good enough, I think the service could have been better, but all in all it was not bad.
5	I always turn to yelp when exploring a new place I've never been. It was my first time visiting Tempe, AZ. I thought to myself, "Where is everybody?" Driving around on the road in the middle of the day, it was 90 degrees out and there weren't that many people out. Then I went into Harlow's for brunch due to yelp recommendations and realized everyone was here. LOL But really, I think everyone is indoors when it's hot out. The food here was phenomenal, I had the eggs benedict. Perfect taste and perfect portion. This is how all eggs benedict should be. My boyfriend enjoyed his meal as well (biscuits and gravy)  and the service was great.
5	Took some friends from out of town here the other week and they really enjoyed it.  In fact I always take all out of towners here.Harlow's is still one of my favorite places to eat breakfast, except the parking is terrible.  I know we have been over this and all of Tempe near ASU has terrible parking so I will move on.  The wait staff are always really friendly and keep your coffee filled constantly while you are here.  The restaurant is the definition of greasy spoon with the pictures of famous people on the paneled walls.  If that is not your thing and you need a $tarbucks atmosphere you should probably pass.  If you get over it then you will have a really great breakfast.On to why I updated my review.  I ordered the Eggs Maxamillion on my last visit since I am vegetarian now so I couldn't go for my usual standby of Chip Beef. It was one of the best breakfast items I have had since I moved here.  It's hash browns with green chillies ( order them extra crispy ), sitting on a tortilla, topped with a fluffy egg omelet covered in salsa.  It's Huevos Rancheros on crack.  I will be adding this to the breakfast rotation now even though it is a bit of a haul.Try:- Eggs Maxamillion- Chip beef- Hash Browns ( Extra Crispy )
4	Good breakfast and good service. Very fulling portions. Very big!
3	Ah Harlow's - where the self proclaimed hipster comes to brunch. Did you over do it Saturday night at Casey Moore's? Urban Outfitters boyfriend jeans too loose? Step right up - indulge your gut with some tasty breakfast fare. Harlow's has great tasting food. But Harlow's is expensive for breakfast/brunch. Harlow's servers can be snotty or nice - throw of the dice. Harlow's parking lot is a bitch - don't you dare park in the Tack and feed shops spots! I like that Harlow's is gritty and homey, I  just wish it was more sincere about it.
2	I was here a few months ago while touring ASU. The breakfast was extremely disappointing... The blueberry pancakes had no blueberries in them... just the square shaped artificial ones (probably Krusteaz from a box). I overheard the guy in the booth next to us say "my eggs look like semen". Needless to say, I lost my appetite a few minutes later when my own breakfast arrived, only to see the whites in my over-medium eggs were undercooked, and yes, looked exactly liked semen. Plus, it was kinda pricey for 2 people. I've had better. Go to I-hop.
3	I had the Maximilian and it was good.  Lots of potatoes, eggs, salsa, green chiles, and a yummy tortilla.  The serving sizes are big but the food is good.  The coffee was okay... a bit on the weak side.My only complaint is that it was hot inside the restaurant.  I could feel the heat coming through the wall I was sitting next to.   Plan going when it isn't 100 degrees outside.Also, be prepared that they will only split the check between no more than two cards.  Luckily my group mostly had cash but it would have been interesting if we didn't.
3	Talk about fast! With in 30 seconds of placing my lunch order I had a salad in front of me. 30 seconds later my sandwich arrived. Needless to say, the service here is lightning fast.
5	Best spot in Tempe to get breakfast! Family owned and operated, Harlow's is the place to go for some good breakfast food, and an excellent lunch menu too. They have great daily specials, and a fun staff of local college students. I would recommend it to anyone, especially after a night on Mill Avenue.
4	Went on a Saturday morning, and it was packed...that was a good sign!  Although it was packed, we only had to wait 10 mins for the 3 of us.  I had the Eggs Maximilian with chorizo...wow...what a huge meal for $10.  I was pretty well nourished for the remainder of the day.  Full of flavor since it had everything but the kitchen sink in it.Service was fast and friendly...drinks never got below 1/2.Will definitely be back!!!
5	This is a classic Tempe institution. If you haven't been there, you need to go. Great diner food and some of the best breakfast foods around. The wait staff is great and the prices are very reasonable. A couple favorites are the chorizo and eggs and the tom mix. Great for a quick breakfast or lunch!
4	I went with the Eggs Maximillian with chorizo for breakfast.  It was awesome, and way too much food for me to finish that early in the day.  Coffee was good and waitress was very attentive.  Great place.
3	Kind of reminds me of a smaller version of  Coral Cafe in Burbank, Ca. But at $2+ they think very highly of their gas station coffee, and my blueberry muffin was a little burnt.  If your cars AC is too cold, you'll get nice and toasty inside, so don't fret about bringing in a sweater. If you cant seem to warm up, just run into the bathroom, the heat from the kitchen stove is piped in at full blast. You'll be hot as hell in no time.  Our waitress, Michelle, I believe, was very nice and attentive. The food was good and the price (other than the coffee) was typical. Its a nice place to hang out for a little while.
4	Fantastic place!  My brother wanted to meet here for breakfast when I was in-town visiting.  So we did.  He is a regular and after my first visit I can see why.First the staff...  Some of the best eye-candy around serving you coffee and eggs and bakey when I wakey.  Seriously nice.  And all makes, years, and models - many of which probably are students.  Definitely good viewing pleasure while you wait for your order.The Food...very good and the servings are pretty decent.  I couldn't finish my order (but I usually don't).  Eggs/bacon cooked to order, with sourdough toast and hash browns. pretty much have to try to screw that up.  Prices are fair...not cheap, not expensive.The atmosphere overall was pleasant, no mess-ups on our order, they didn't rush us, and got to spend an hour or so visiting my brother while taking in the scenary and  Bull$hittng with each other. A solid 3.5 stars.
2	Although I used to enjoy coming here the past 3 times have been terrible.   The service is still good so I give a star for that.   The food is still good so I'll give a star for that also.   But,  Im taking away a star for cleanliness.   The place has really gone down in cleanliness.  Just because your food is good and you have good looking servers doesn't mean your customers will continue to come back.  These other areas are important as well.   In the booth we sat in there was so much dust on the picture hanging on the wall I couldnt tell the color of the frame.    And they have an awful odor coming out of their kitchen.   I asked the server and a manager what the problems were and they told me they have a broken sewer pipe.  What??  You have a broken pipe and you let your place smell like poop and don't care to fix it?   Nice guys.   Good Job.  Sadly I wont be returning.  I'll go to Chompies instead.
4	This place gets four stars just for character.  When you want to go to a place because you know it will be busy then this is it. The eggs benedict was not the best, but good enough that I will eat here again.
5	WoW.. Great Service, Great Food.. Typical traditional Diner.. Fabulous.. Enjoy!
3	The reality is that Harlow's doesn't need another review.  It definitely has a strong following, and I think it's mostly justified.  My wife and I went to Halow's on a Wednesday morning.  There was no one there, and there was no wait for a table.  My wife ordered the Green Chile Beef Burrito, and I had the Huevos Rancheros with Green Chile Beef.  We ordered these dishes because so many of the reviews seemed to rave about the g.c. beef.  Though I am not a fan of this expression, the most apt description of my opinion to the beef is, "Meh."  First of all, it has way too much cumin in it.  I have never been a big fan of cumin.  To me, it always seems like the spice people over-use when they are trying to make something taste authentically mexican.  This is ironic, since most authentic Mexican food doesn't use very much cumin.  The rest of my breakfast was pretty good.  The hash browns there are awesome.We both had a similar opinion.  It was good overall, and by no means a total disappointment.  We'd definitely recommend it, but not if you have to wait in the huge line on Saturday or Sunday.
4	Love this little diner!
5	After picking my mom up from a l o n g cross country flight from NY one morning, a hearty breakfast was first on her list.  I took a look at what my fellow Yelpers had rated high, and nearby.  Harlow's Cafe came back loud and clear!  My mom had the super sized, ultra delicious Belgian waffle.  It of course came with butter and maple syrup.  As for myself, I went with the regular stack (5) buttermilk pancakes.  These hotcakes were easily 1" thick if not more!  I always come prepared with a monster appetite, but sadly, I was defeated by the flapjacks in this semi eating challenge.To sum it all up.  The meals were both giant and delicious, the bill total was under $20, and we left the cafe happy campers.
3	Pretty good, large portion, pretty waitress, bad parking and poor atmosphere. I don't know if I'd go back. Maybe if I was really hungry and it boiled down to this place or the Cheba Hut.
4	Love this place, major problem is that there is always a wait on the weekend and no reservations.  My other knock is that they have some crazy pricing-while some items are certainly reasonable such as a side pork chop for $4.75 how can you justify $4.00 for a side of cottage cheese.  Breakfast is fairly old school but with a lot of nice specialties.
4	Very good burger (the Duke). Service was quick, accurate , and with a smile.
4	If you're looking for a fine dining experience this is not the place for you. That being said, I love going here if I want a cheap, hearty, and greasy breakfast. I have to agree with some other reviewers, it does take some salt and pepper for flavor, but still good.
3	Dont let the trailor looking plaza fool you. I almost passed on this place due to the anonymity of the outside, but inside there was a busy and loud business that impressed.So you have chosen not to support the system by going to a private business instead of a factory processed franchise - Harlow's is kinda nice. The interior is beyond eclectic, as are the patrons. No focus in style, more focus on functionality. Our server was nice, and fast. The order was good, portions was to par and it tasted nice. Service and quality food, that usually gets a good review in my book. I like that it is a family business, and that it really feels like a hardworking place. It feels like they take pride in providing you with good service and a good meal. Mission ackomplished.However, I cannot give this place more than 3 stars because I judge the whole experience - and I didnt like that it looks like a rotary club from the 70ies inside (its not dirty or anything, just dated). And I didnt like that I was so sceptical coming in as a new customer due to the univiting exterior. Even though, now I am glad I did. I might even come back.. but that would be for the awesome omelette. ..und das ist nach der kritiker
4	I love this place. The food is great and the staff is really friendly. The only problem with it is that it is always SO busy. Which I see as a good sign, but still a little annoying. Overall the best place to get breakfast or brunch in town. The waitresses are all cute too.
4	After spending my morning in the office I decided to explore a bit and grab a bite to eat. I stumbled upon this place and I couldnt be happier with the whole experience. Amazing food and amazing people.
4	I friggin heart Harlows, it doesn't get better if you're looking for a great neighborhood breakfast joint.  I absolutely love the chorizo here, just the right amount of spice.  I can't say enough good things about this place.  Absoluetly love it.  Plus if you're a guy, you'll love the yoga pants clad waitresses:)I took off a point for the annoying parking lot, it's always a pain to find a spot.  Don't even dream of parking in the other store spaces cause you'll get towed.
4	I love this place, but the prices are a little higher than other breakfast places. The atmosphere is really nice.
4	Charming relaxed atmosphere (converted house), great coffee and sandwiches. Love the local artist work on the walls.
5	Whether you live in the Valley or you're visiting, I would say this is the best place to get breakfast in Tempe. I was never once disappointed. The menu is humungous so it has something for everyone. They do serve lunch, but the breakfast is where it's at. It's usually crowded, but I've somehow always lucked out and sat at a booth. The staff is polite and friendly, the service quick and attentive, the decor and the menu are old Hollywood themed (Harlow's = Jean Harlow, get it?) and did I mention the food is fantastic??? I don't drink coffee but my friend says they serve the best shitty coffee ever. Coffee drinkers I assume will know what this means. Thought it necessary to mention. Don't miss this place, whatever you do!
5	How I love me a greasy spoon. It's been a little while since my meal there so unfortunately it's the lows rather than the highs that I will be commenting on (I basically have an overall rosy memory of the place, but the complaints stick out). So... everything was delicious EXCEPT: yucky machine orange juice - faux pas! - and unsavory packaged jams. Otherwise I really did dig on this place, a perfect breakfast spot for me and my man to relax.
4	Harlow's is great! Whenever I'm on a long layover at Sky Harbor I take the 10 minute cab ride to get a quick bite. You can expect classic, fill-you-up, diner style breakfast. The staff is quick, friendly, and keep your coffee cup full. I had the B&G which was good. Their biscuits are corn-breadish which was interesting but it worked. Haven't had a meal here that hasn't been good. Harlow's isn't exactly the most innovative cuisine, but they do their thing well and it's worth checking out.
4	My friend and I were trying to find a place to eat an early lunch. Then he suggested Harlow's; because his old boss always went there and still does (right after his plane hits the tarmac at Sky Harbor). This place is great. Super busy for breakfast, so you have been warned. I had their special of the day and my friends got corned beef hash. Both were delicious. I brought home the French Toast for my wife and even after re-heating it, she loved it. Most of the food is on the greasy side. And the decor is a mixture of old movies. But I would recommend you try it. Don't be like me and wait forever and then decide to try it. And if you don't like, let's just say we have different tastes. :)
4	Good diner style setup.. excellent breakfast choices... and one of my favs whenI am in phoenix.Some speciality Egg ommlettes are  seriously very delicious.
3	I feel like a complete douche giving Harlow's 3 stars as all the reviews I am reading are 4 and 5 stars, super warm and exciting and just filled with love for this place. I came here on a Saturday afternoon (1pm) for Brunch after being fed up with waiting for a table at another brunch spot. With nothing in my stomach and the hunger of an angry Hulk, I pretty much anticipated to devour and love any type of food-related substance in my vicinity.The good thing about Harlow's is that their wait time is rather short and their bar is immediate availability (which I definitely appreciated). It full-on diner style feel AND food, so you can definitely tell that the customers are there for the food and not the fancy ambiance. To Harlow's (and my) misfortune, we came here because my Tempe-native friend claimed they have the best French Toast that has ever touched his lips in his entire existence (seriously, he described almost in a pornographic way), and with that, I said "TAKE ME THERE".I went for their 'signature' breakfast dishes and ordered the Cisqo (quick! queue in The Thong Song!): 4 half-slices of french toast, 1 sausage patty and 2 eggs (poached). Everything was arranged separately, as if together it wouldn't make a cohesive meal. The eggs were stacked together in a cup and tasted alright, the sausage patty was MEH and the french toast.. (dun dun duuun), the french toast was pretty average. And hear me out here, i'm not giving it 3 stars before its not the most orgasmic-holy-shit-i-just-jizzed-my-pants-they're-so-good french toast, I gave it 3 stars because it was pretty mediocre french toast comparable to a fast food chain or me while cooking drunk in the kitchen. The bread was a little dry, all I could taste was a simple egg batter (no cinnamon or spices) and the syrup that was served along side tasted store-bought. My little ray of hope is that I think had I ordered something different, I would have had a better chance of giving it a 4 star review. My friend's chorizo and egg dish, for example, had excellent flavor and seemed to be a great hangover cure/super hearty meal. My other friend's ham omelette with house potatoes was pretty bland and did not get particularly better with 2 gallons of Cholula.  Our server was nice and got us our checks without us even asking for them or finishing our meals. Food turnaround time was pretty speedy too, which is probably why they are so good at keeping their wait times short. Hip Hip, Hooray?
4	Harlow's is hands down my favorite breakfast joint in Tempe. Their portions are generous and always delicious. Definitely order a side of their biscuits if it doesn't come with your meal. They are Baked fresh and come out still steaming. Can't beat em!
4	We just came in from the airport and it is so nice to eat at a local restaurant that is so friendly
2	Meh, it was ok but a bit expensive for a diner.  The wait staff was a bit aloof.
4	Went there for the first time on Saturday. Excellent example of a breakfast joint! Great portions..Food was good. The service staff was very friendly and attentative. Definately a quick in and out place for bkfst!! O...the parking lot confused me with the way your suppose to park. Think i'm crazy...go there and see what I mean! LOL
5	Harlow's is the best diner in Tempe. Amazing eggs benedict, friendly staff, and fast service. Extremely underrated.
4	Yummy blueberry pancakes.  Sometimes diner pancakes can be a little rubbery or a little too something.  These were just fluffy and perfect.  Totally awesome "hash brown" potatoes, too.
3	Harlow's Cafe looks like the inside of the bar from "Cheers". The walls are wood-paneled and like everything else in Harlow's inspires thoughts of how the place could be updated for the modern age and keep the same cozy feeling. I suppose that should be the theme of this review--updating your restaurant. The food here tastes great, but it is very typical breakfast fare. Fried in vats of butter and oil without concern for the carbohydrate levels of you or your unborn child. Doesn't get much better for a fierce hangover, which will be promptly cured from the coma you'll slip in to after any of the specialty plates. One of drawbacks of this anachronistic beacon of breakfasts are the prices. Apparently adjusting for inflation was lost on the menu creator--a SIDE of hash browns costs four dollars, while two eggs and some hash browns will cost you ten bucks, but you get a drink with that. Don't forget 3 bucks for a cup of coffee. Like other users have mentioned, parking can be a pain when it's busy. They close at 2 PM, so here's a hint: go at 1 PM. If this review were based solely on the service it would be 4 stars, the staff was very friendly despite the fact that they only seem to hire women. The guy who cooks your food is a jolly looking rotund chef who knows how to fry an egg. Not sure if I'll go here again unless someone I know requests a biscuit that will survive a nuclear holocaust.
1	Just cause a place has been there awhile and it is always crowded, doesn't mean its good and that is the story at Harlows. Alot of people really don't know any better and stay in their routine. Two belgian waffles were ordered and neither of us could make it through more than a few bites of this overdense waffle with no flavor. These waffles are in no way comparable to Matt's - they are doing something very wrong here.   Moving onto the biscuits, well I'm not sure what recipe they use for biscuits, but they in no way resemble any kind of real Southern flaky quality. Two biscuits cost about 4 bucks, but they taste like biscuit cake. Refills of coffee were excellent and there was no line at 9am midweek which was a plus. Don't believe the hype here - go to Matt's.
1	We came here based on a couple of recommendations. When we walked in no one greeted us they just looked at us. The place was old and dumpy looking. Finally a lady grabbed a couple menus and just walked away without saying anything. We followed, assuming she was seating us. She slide the menus onto the table and walked away again, squeezing between us. It was extremely rude and awkward. We sat down, and gave our drink order to the asking server. Upon opening our menu we didn't see a lot of meals, more like separate items. It was odd. In addition, the prices seemed outrageous; $9 for two eggs and a couple pieces of bacon!? That's ridiculous! $8 for a couple pieces of French toast!? After seeing the crazy prices, along with the disrespectful hostess, we weren't impressed, we left. Instead we went to Mill Ave right down the street and had an amazing breakfast at the NCOUNTER.
5	WOW. Stopped in after the AZ ROAD RACER 5k. The machaca special was great!  Eggs bacon and french toast was wonderful.
4	Awesome breakfast/dive bar. Beautiful ladies waiting to serve you. We bought a sweet t-shirt for $10
3	Harlows is a nice little breaky and lunch place in the heart of the Tempe college area. Its not in my normal 3 square mile radius so it took me forreeevver to finally come here after it being recommended by a good friend a ways back. I'm glad I finally made the trek. The place is fun, quirky and has this old 'grandmas' diner vibe with the spin of interesting by hanging collectible movie memorabilia and pictures on the walls. Nothing like drinking coffee out of those old porcelin shaply mugs that remind you of grandmas place. The staff was supa friendly and nice, and I have nothing bad to say about their tight shirts and yoga pants as the waitress staple. The food menu is carb driven.. At breakfast places I get omelettes because I eat pretty clean. The sides offered with my omelette were Toast, a muffin, or bagel and they wouldn't let me sub for fruit. So i waived my right and spent too much money on not nerely enough food. Furthermore, i didn't touch the potatoes on my plate... So I essentially pad $17 for 3 eggs, salsa and coffee. Wamp! #notimpressedHowever, if you love a good comfort food breakfast... this is your place!
5	I really like Harlow's a lot. I can't speak to the vast majority of the menu, because when I go here it's either for the huevos rancheros or the shredded beef breakfast burrito. Let me tell you, it is difficult to find a good huevos rancheros. There are a couple of other breakfast places I frequent where I have tried many, many things on the menu and love them, but man their huevos rancheros suck. Here, they are perfection. The green sauce is delicious. The beans are delicious. The tortillas are very good. There are eggs, cooked to order, as implied by the "huevos." The service is VERY fast and you pay up front so you can leave at your leisure so this is my go-to breakfast place when I have something to do afterwards.
1	nice people. gross food. I got an egg skillet and all I got was cold, rubbery eggs with what looked like left overs tossed on top. I was really disappointed because this place got such great reviews. My dad got an egg combo plate... same low quality food. Bummer!
4	Great for breakfast/brunch! Delicious and hardy meals. We were served extremely fast and the atmosphere was fun.
1	The corned beef hash comes from a can, and includes an extra side of hashbrowns.  Yes, that means hashbrowns served with hashbrowns.  Are these people dumb?
2	I've been to Harlow's a couple of times now for morning meetings at breakfast.  Let's just say I would not come here if I didn't have to be.  It is a hole in the wall kind of place.  My boss has come here since he was a child so he sentimental to it.  Not my kind of place, but I do know that the huevos rancheros are good.
5	This is a hidden Gem in Phoenix. I am a huge fan of small dives. Breakfast places are hard to find. Too many Good Egg clones that don't realize if you want a cheap basic breakfast... Go to Denny's. When you want to upgrade and not really pay much more... splurge at Harlow's...The Bad... Parking is a pain and during college season, it's pretty packed. The ambiance is a real dive. I mean it's not much to look at but it is comfortable. Lastly it gets pretty hot there during the summer. The Good, prices are awesome. I have had the steak and eggs, chorizo, and huevo's rancheros. All are completely great. I've also splurged w/ various pies and all have been good. I try to sneak in here every chance I can and hope to see you there.
1	This place is a dive!  My husband and I tried it for the first time this morning and the food was TERRIBLE!  The only thing we received that was hot was the coffee.  I ordered a glass of water, coffee and eggs Benedict.  First the water tasted like it came directly from the tap, not at all filtered, the Benedict  was mildly warm along with cold "hash browns" (these are really chopped potatoes with no seasoning).  My husband ordered iced tea, corned beef hash with hash browns, sourdough bread and a pancake on the side.  His tea tasted like lipton, nothing special and all of his food was barely warm.  The toast was so cold the butter didn't even melt, I could not believe that the waitresses that walked by did not say something.  The pancake tasted like it came out of a box and the corned beef hash was straight from a can.  I do not understand how this place is still in business.  The prices are way to high for the poor quality of food that is served, we paid over $30 and I left feeling like I had food poisoning.  We will never return!!  If anyone is looking for a good HOT breakfast check out Biscuits on Elliott and 48th St on the West end of the Safeway parking lot or The Nosh on Warner and 48th St.
4	This place was pretty good. It looked a little sketchy from the outside but I really enjoyed my meal. I got the egg sandwich with ham. The service was good as well. Nice to know there is a another good breakfast joint around the mill area.
4	Long wait but well worth it!  Eggs Benedict was good.  Sausage gravy homemade and quite tasty!
1	I am a big fan of locally owned and operated family type places. But this one is over rated, over priced, and the food leaves much to be desired!From the too busy to acknowledge you at the door, to the self absorbed wait staff, overall disappointing!And to think I went twice in hopes it was just a bad day!Nope! Just a bad place!Although, it looks like a usual for the hangover crowd!
5	This is the go-to breakfast place in Tempe. Everywhere I travel, I always search for these one-of-a-kind, owner-operated restaurants. When I found Harlow's a few years ago, I was not disappointed. Now I eat here at least once per week.My usual is #2 Cisco which is French Toast. They also have a lot of good Mexican breakfasts. Always check the board for special, like Eggs Maximilian with chorizo. Chorizo is home made.Or Chicken-fried steak and eggs.Portions sizes are HUGE and often it is my only meal I need for the entire day.The cooks at Harlow's are the ultimate professionals. They manage to prepare food for dozens or hundreds of customers every day.The wait staff is exceptional. Friendly, welcoming and always on the ball, re-filling your coffee or iced tea.Enjoyment of life is all about simple things like finding a good breakfast place with tasty food and friendly people. You will find it at Harlow's Cafe.
4	Huevos Rancheros was great for breakfast. Friendly service and reasonably priced. Would go back in a heartbeat.
5	Chipped beef on toast, corned beef hash, biscuits and gravy and eggs maximillion all excellent!
4	A great little breakfast place close to asu. Don't be intimidated by the shady exterior. Commit and get a good drunk recovery meal!
3	This place is not too bad but nothing very special. If you're looking for a decent, quick place to eat, try Harlows. The staff is VERY friendly and the service is quick. I was in and out within 15 minutes. The buttermilk pancakes were above average but the bacon was pretty bad. Don't recommend the bacon. Also the location is easy to find in Tempe. Not too shabby but there's better restaurants out there.
3	I love Harlow's because it's old-school Tempe and no-nonsense. Plus, the servers often wear yoga pants.The food isn't the freshest -- waffles and biscuits are a bit stale -- but it's a perfectly acceptable greasy spoon with a massive menu. I plan to return for the huevos rancheros.
2	I have lived in Tempe for years and had never gone to this place, although I've heard of it. It's a crowded trailer diner, basically.We got a table right away, our food pretty quickly, and service was quick and friendly.However, the food was not only average to poor, but overpriced. Basically every food option is $8.99 or more + $4 or more for any side you may want (no, only small parts of sides come with the $8.99-$16.99 breakfast entrees.They have some combos that begin at $10.99+ that have parts of sides in them. The chorizo eggs my gf got were pretty tasty, but the portion was small. Her potatoes and toast were inedible, something I would throw away if I made it myself even.My biscuits and gravy tasted decent enough at first, the gravy is pretty good. The biscuits are cake like, exactly how another reviewer had described. More like cornbread consistency than biscuits. I couldn't finish them after I didn't have any more gravy to cover them in. The 2 small bacon strips that came with were OK.We got hot chocolate, which was swiss miss with whip cream on top, a whole 6 oz of it maybe, for $2.75 each.My gf got a cup of fruit, another $4 for about 8 pieces of fruit.Total Bill for 2 medium portions of average to inedible breakfast easiest recipes: $31.11 (without tip)I am a Tempe business owner myself and like to promote eating and buying local, but this place was just another typical low quality medium-high priced Arizona restaurant I have encountered. It probably is more a 3 star than 2 star, but I want to help steer others away if possible, I felt ripped off and unsatisfied, and unless you are hung over and already there, you will too.
1	Panchos- 2 eggs 2 pancakes & your choice of meat. I had bacon. For my bacon, all I tasted was Salt! Eggs were good. Pancakes were tasteless. Service was ok. But I would NOT come here again.
5	Excellent breakfast. Prompt service
5	this is the place in tempe to go for breakfast. all the girls are super friendly and beautiful. the food is the best part. don't waste your time going anywhere else in tempe for breakfast.
4	This Texas girl was in need of a good Mexican Breakfast so I used Yelp and found Harlow's!  Had the special "Manny's Machaca."  Good stuff "mang"Service was fast, food hot and yummy, orange juice was ice cold.  Parking was a little tough or I'd have given the place 5 stars.
1	This place is a pretty popular spot in town so I figured it must be good. First impression is it looks right inside, just like you'd want an old school breakfast joint to look. We came in right before 2 pm, but they said they can still take an order. Service was very fast and waitress was attentive. The menu is has a lot of choices but the prices are steep for breakfast, mostly $8 and up. First of all, the coffee was really below standard for a breakfast place. Even iHop has better stuff then this. The food wasn't much better. The hash browns were pretty dry and had a crushed up potatoes texture, nothing crispy in there. The french toast was no better then having your 8 year old make it at home. Everything seemed to need a lot of salt cause it lacked flavor. The bill was $35 for two, with a tip. And no one said  thanks when we left either. Too bad, had high hopes. Back to the Waffle House  for us.
5	I ordered the biscuits and gravy with sausage links.  I was pessimistic about eating this much food, but I couldn't stop eating once the plate arrived, I was very happy.  Also, the ham is exceptional.  Bacon too.  And the chicken fried steak.  And the.. everything.
4	Quick & friendly service. I had a combo that comes with pancakes, two sausages and egg. It was pretty normal & simple. Just wish that they have a different variety of pancakes. I loved the service tho. But the coffee was a bit overpriced,  I think.
4	If you're looking for healthy food, you probably wont find it in here.  This is a very popular greasy spoon kind of place.  I've only been here for breakfast, but it's very popular.   Some of the seating areas are very close together, so you'll feel like you're sitting at the table with strangersDecorated like a 1960's single wide trailer.
4	I've been a breakfast zombie here for over a decade. Typically was my hangover remedy- a greasy full breakfast with unlimited piping hot black coffee could revive anything! But recently I was in my old neighborhood bright and early, sans hangover and really wanted to stop in..... This place is just as amazing without an alcohol stupor. My belly loved it. The biscuits-Amazing! The refried beans (which go great on everything)-Fantastic! You can't go wrong with any main dish you choose.
4	If you're a protein and starch kind of gal or guy, this is your place! Harlow's serves up hearty portions, cooked to perfection, in a quirky multi-retro environment.  We tried to eat here some time ago, but that was around 10 A.M. on a Saturday. Seeing that there was a crowd waiting for a table outside, and that there was no parking in the lot whatsoever, we abandoned all hope and ate somewhere else for breakfast. Fast forward to today- a crisp, sunny Saturday at 7 A.M. We figured not many people would be getting breakfast this early, so we headed over, hoping that the 2nd time is the charm!There were only 2 or 3 other people in the restaurant when we arrived, but more trickled in as the morning progressed. The interior is a mix of '70s old paneled wood walls juxtaposed with aged posters of various old time movie stars, such as Errol Flynn and Mae West. The menu is similarly designed, with a variety of different traditional breakfast items named after classic movie stars. They do have a section devoted to more Southwestern cuisine though, which is what we ended up ordering. I had the Maximillian. It was a large heaping portion of perfectly grilled potatoes, green chile, with a circle of fluffy, scrambled eggs and spicy salsa on top (No sour cream on request). It was such a hefty meal I could only finish half.Service was friendly and lightning quick. It seemed like only minutes after we ordered, we received our food. Drinks were refilled as needed.If you can get here early enough, breakfast is a very pleasant experience. I'm not so sure I'd venture here when it gets super busy though!
5	Very good service and a pretty busy place for breakfast. Their rancheros plate was very good and their prices are on target compared to others. Very fast service and also didn't have to wait much for the food to come even when it was busy.
5	Good filling food at a good price... A lot of the locals visit this spot. Though the location is a little small and hard to find the food and service is worth it.
5	Best breakfast in Tempe. Hands down. Eggs Maximilian with chorizo for beginners. Lol.
4	Yelp guided us there. A very nice cozy Mom & Pop kind of place. Excellent for breakfast! Service was quick and efficient with smiles too. Really enjoyed the whole experience!  I had the Gary Cooper breakfast and the wife had the Belgium  Sandwich. My only nit noy about the place was the hash browns could have been more brown!
4	We finally got the chance to eat at Harlow's this past weekendIt was really goodWe usually drive by and are intimidated by the people waiting outside and the millions of cars in the parking lotWe got there semi-early so we were okay and there was no waitAll of the employees were very nice and friendlyI got the corned beef and hashBecause thats really the only breakfast option I always get, anywhereI also got coffeeThe food was really good. The corn beef was cooked well and it had great favorIt also came with potatoes which were also yummyThe toast was so-so, I don't care much for toastThe over-medium eggs were fabulousEveryone should try this place
4	I have been coming here for years!If you are into breakfast you will definitely enjoy Harlow's Cafe. Great food and good portion sizes. The place can get pretty busy on the weekends so be prepared for a little bit of a wait time. After you are seated the get order quickly and food is prepared just as fast. I recommend the Eggs Benedict, sooo good. Pros- Great food- Decent prices- Lots of seating (including bar seating)- Old diner ambianceCons- Some waitresses kind of suck - wait times on weekends
3	I like the bustle of this place. We sat at the counter. Our waitress was super fun and friendly. The place fills in a heart beat in the morning.Food was okay. I thought it was starch and carb city. Sausage gravy just had a few chips so you are paying big puffy white biscuits covered in milk gravy - ughghg.I left hungry and $ 23 poorer.Coffee was forgettable - find a Sarbucks. And the coffee is not cheap there.I will not be back.
5	Cowabunga Dudes this place rox. I approve.
4	Been to Harlow quite a few times. It's a Tempe Institution. The food is consistent and I dig the location.I personally love their Eggs Benedict and the Vanilla coffee creamer. I know to some that's pretty lame, but a good Hollandaise and a delicious creamer can be hard to come by!I won't prattle on in this review. If you live in Tempe you'll make it in here at some point. Relax, enjoy a homey breakfast and leave satisfied.P.S. I've heard great things about the Chorizo and Heuvos Rancheros ; )
1	Not sure about 4 star, My friend had a chicken burger, he said it was just ok .My egg salad sandwich was ok ( 4 out of a 10). The waitress was very nice. We wont be back in future.
5	Chicken fried steak was delulicous. I've tried it many places but this was crispy with lots of flavor.  Sausage gravy was really good to! Will be back.
5	This place is AWESOME!! I drive by here at least 3 times a week and it is always busy, so I decided to stop in yesterday to check it out and grabbed a to go menu. The vibe in the place was so great that I didn't waste any time trying the food and I'm glad I did! My husband and I had the greatest breakfast we have had in a long time! Our server Katina was very friendly, our food was on the table within 5 mins of ordering it (and the place was not empty)! As I looked around I saw nothing but happy customers and staff! Zulema the manager was also extremely friendly!!! This has got to be the BEST place I have ever been to and I eat out everyday!  Kudos to the owners and staff for the great food, smiles and OUTSTANDING customer service!!!!
3	Okay food. Spanish omelet was smothered  with cheap salsa. Service was quick and nice. Cute wait staff. Thought it was expensive for sit down American breakfast.
4	This was my go-to breakfast spot when going to ASU.  That was many years ago, but the quality is just as good today.  Crisp Bacon, Crisp Hash Browns, and cooked to perfection Eggs!  Although, not my absolute favorite breakfast spot (try Orange Table in Scottsdale!), you still can not go wrong with Harlows, but be prepared for a wait.
5	I love this little breakfast spot! It's pretty popular now so it does full up fast! Food is always good and staff are very friendly!!
5	I've driven by here a lot, and recently we had friends visit from out of town so we hit this place before the zoo. There wasn't a huge crowd, so we got seats quickly. The food was standard but totally yummy and a good price. :)
4	The big cup of coffee won me over before I saw the menu! Oh and my food was very good
5	If you live in the area or are visiting, you must head here for breakfast.  Don't miss outI have loved this place for years.  It is not fancy at all, but the breakfast and service is the best!  I love the chipped beef, but there are also tons of tex mex breakfast platters that are great too.
5	We've gone here twice and had the same salad both times. Awesome salad with a ton of warm chicken and a boiled egg.  I give the salad five stars but have not tried anything else yet. Good service and The food came out quickly and was very fresh.
5	Harlow's is awesome! We have been coming here since before our kids were born. It's a delicious weekend morning habit and now our children, 8 & 5, have it too. The food is always done well, especially huevos rancheros and pancakes. The service is always friendly. Never been disappointed.
5	They have CREAMED CHIPPED BEEF...and it's really good!!  It's so hard to find outside of the Philly area, so I will definitely go back for more. Great atmosphere and service too.
4	Came here for the first time last week and had a pretty good experience. The restaurant itself is cramped and the tables are close... but it feels home-y. First off, coffee was simple but good. Service was great and the food was awesome. I had the Cisco and my boyfriend had the eggs Benedict. Both were delicious.The decor is also a nice touch. I loved the glass stained window and the decorations on the walls.
5	One of the better breakfast places in Tempe. If you need to get away from the long lines and trendiness of Ncounter and D'Lish, Harlow's is a great place to start. They have every breakfast item you could think of, and I have never had anything I did not like. Best biscuits and gravy I have ever had, hands down!They are also the only place I have ever been in Arizona to have CREAM CHIPPED BEEF! Chipped beef is an old favorite of mine from back home in Pennsylvania. I was so excited when I discovered this on the menu. I love the home-y feel of Harlow's, nothing fancy--just great food. Service is excellent and every waitress I've had was quick and friendly.Food also comes out lightening fast, which is always a plus.
5	All the servers are super friendly, if not just a little hungover usually. But hey. Who cares. Food comes out super fast. Prices are great. Food is awesome. Chorizo burrito is killer, so are all the waffles and pancakes. Huge extensive menu can be overwhelming to a first timer. They have simple things too like the wild bill. And they have grapefruit juice. Winner. I hit harlows about once every couple of weeks and love it to death. fresh, fast, affordable and tasty. Cool atmosphere too.
4	Fun mom and pop breakfast joint with old-school Mel's Diner charm.  Huge menu.  All of the carb-laden, glucose spiking breakfast goodness that one craves.  Plus lots of preparations of eggs.  And vegetarian items.  And the kind of breakfast stuff that my grandma would make, like chipped beef.  Bottomless refills of coffee.  Good service.  Good sized portions of food, you won't walk away hungry.  Super reasonable prices.  Definitely a keeper.
3	Just the place when you fly into the Phoenix area, hungry. Local, kind of dive-y (which is generally a good thing, in my book). Service was great. My lunch food was fine, nothing outstanding. My daughter & husband got breakfast (Maximilian and waffles, respectively) and think they liked theirs more. My biggest complaints were that the A/C wasn't nearly strong enough and it's really quite crowded feeling. Also had trouble finding parking, even though we were seated within 5 minutes, so it wasn't overly busy.
3	The place was a sweaty, old building that must get their AC system fixed. It is too bad the place was uncomfortable too eat at, it is difficult to enjoy food when sweat is dripping down your face unto your food. Another issue was we went to separate families and they would not separate our bills, for Goodness Sake two bills to improve your service and keep your patrons happy. It seems the establishment does not value good service in a comfortable setting. Now for the food the coffee was literally the worst coffee I have had weak and tasted recycled. A breakfast restaurant with cheap coffee. If these issues would be fixed they would have gotten 4 stars. The food was very tasty we had the Tiffany omelette and the Eggs Benedict which was tasty just ruined with bad coffee, and sweaty, musky environment.
2	I just got back home from my first visit at Harlow's and I'm legitimately so bummed that I felt the need to write a review just in hopes that management sees this and changes some things so others won't experience what I encountered today. I am a very generous tipper, I always tip more than what I should. I'm a nice critic, on a scale of Simon to Randy I'm Paula. LOL.I worked as a server/host/supervisor for over 5 years so I know that going into work everyday is not something that you look forward to all the time. I get it, I hated being a server, but it's no excuse for displaying it so obviously to customers. Right when we entered there were a group of people standing around, and nobody said a word to us for at least a whole minute. When the host finally approached, she sat us down quickly and placed the menus on the table and immediately walked off without waiting for us to sit down or even saying if a server would get to us, what the specials were etc. Well, when I first started hosting I used to do the same thing because people made me nervous so I let it fly.Our server came to our attention in about a minute..."What can I get you to drink?" We let her know and she left without saying she'd be back or Okay. 30 seconds later she wanted to know our order. I barely had time to look at the menu but knew what I wanted because I was craving food already so I told her. Food was on the table in literally 3 minutes and she dropped it off without saying a word...which I didn't know whether to take it as maybe it had been lying around or if it because it was slow...but I was starving so I wash't complaining about that at all.The food was fine. Just fine though, nothing super special. It did the trick in clenching our appetites but that was the thing. It wasn't anything special or something where I was like "Mmm this is good." I was halfway through my meal when the server came and dropped the tab on the table. Again, didn't say a word. Were we irritating her or something? No, because we didn't have time to ask for anything...Was she having a bad day? Zero personality. Honestly I just got a to-go box and packed up my food because I didn't even want to be there anymore. The total bill was about $30 for two meals and a drink (he got water) which was not worth it. And being in college, pinching pennies is detrimental and I only ever get to treat myself a couple times because it is what I can afford. The cashier didn't speak either. Didn't ask how things were...just gave change. So needless to say I was upset and broke, and upset because I was broke especially when I did not enjoy myself. When the bill was paid we walked out, didn't even get a goodbye or a thank you. Judging by the high ratings maybe I just got a bad server, but then again I didn't see a manager around either. When the boss is away...? Like I said I'm not a hard critic because I appreciate different people and different foods...but I won't be back. Not like we'll be missed.
5	One of the best breakfasts you'll find in the greater Phoenix area!
4	If it wasn't for Yelp, I would've drove right passed this joint and missed out on some bomb huevos rancheros. My friend and I were trying to find breakfast at noon one day and we happened to be around Harlow's Cafe so I was like, "why not?" This place is a small little place; no fancy signs or anything. So if you were to drive by and determine a place to eat by the signs of restaurants, then you would've missed out. The cafe is surrounded by one sided windows which sucked at first because I didn't even know if they were open or anything. However, since the parking lot was practically all filled up, it should be open. When the door opens, welcome home. There is such a warm, mama's kitchen feel there. My friend and I waited for like 5 minutes because they were pretty full. However, we had pretty decent seats. It was nice. The menu consists of not just breakfast, but lunch and dinner, too! :O just kidding. I was drawn the the breakfast side of the menu because, well, the first meal you should eat is breakfast. :) I am always down for breakfast; any day, any time! Anyway, I had the huevos rancheros (I wish i can choose sausage patty rather than ham...I know it isn't traditional but I prefer it) and my friend had the egg sandwich. I was pretty surprised with the portion of his sandwich; it was pretty big for a nice price. I wouldn't change my huevos for no sandwich. :D I am surprised I didn't know this place existed, especially in Tempe. I would be coming here more often; more likely when I go into Tempe.
4	Never would have known Harlows existed until one of my friends introduced me to it! What a great little cafe. Always friendly staff, prompt service and the food is great!My personal favorite is the Eggs Benedict. My boyfriend always orders an omelette and most recently one of my friends got the Biscuits with gravy! None of us were disappointed. Will return again soon especially now that I'm living back in Tempe.
2	I went here for breakfast with my mom and daughter.  My mom and I have been here before about 3 years ago and we remembered it being good.We went on a Sunday so it was busy, but we only had to wait 10 minutes or so to be seated which was nice.  It is a cute "dive" type of restaurant.Our waitress was attentive and great, she got our drinks and orders fast, refilled, etc...The food however was very dssapointing.I got french toast with sausage and eggs.  The eggs were ok, the sausage was ok, but the french toast was sub-par.  The toast was a little soggy and bland.My mom got pancakes and sausage.  She said the pancakes were alright but kind of flavorless and her sausage was tough.My daughter went for lunch and got the french dip and onion rings.  She did not like the french dip at all.  The meat was very, very dry and had no seasoning.  Unfortunately, the meat did not taste fresh either and really grossed me out.  She ate her onion rings which I tried and those were actually good.We also ordered a side of biscuits to try since we were craving them and they were really bad.  They were dry and not soft.  Next to the french dip, these were the worst.I was sad because when I ate here a few years ago I remember it being very yummy. (I had gone a few times in the past).  I will probably not go back.  I hope their food gets better, service was fine.
5	This little place has been in business for a loooong time for a reason! Food is always good and staff always glad to see you! I almost hate to tell folks about this place because there can be a wait. I guess lots of us know what's worth waiting for!
5	Speedy service, homemade food, feels quaint and full of character, reasonable pricing, yummy iced coffee and lots of open parking! Definitely worth stopping by :-)
1	Dont get the good rating for this dive. Thought it was a little spendy for the place, but maybe the food is good. Not. Ordered the links over easy with rye toast and hash browns. Made sure with the server that I would get hash browns, not home fries. She assured me they were hash browns. When I got my breakfast, yup, you guessed it. Home fries. I said, these are home fries. All she wanted to do is argue that they were indeed hash browns. I don't like home fries whatsoever. Some of the home fries are okay, but not theirs. No onions peppers or anything. Just very dry cut up potatoes. To top it off, my over easy eggs were over hard. The rye toast was cold and hard and unbuttered. Like eating Melba toast. The server came by and asked if everything tasted alright, but before I could answer, she took off. I'm sure she really cared anyway. O, the links were good, so was the coffee, but not 2.75 a cup worth. Save your money, go elsewhere.
4	A solid breakfast joint with great service!  A wide menu from Mexican items to eggs Benny.  My short stack with over easy on top was quick and my water and coffee were always full.
3	This turned out to be my trip ordering blueberry pancakes.  I had been to this restaurant years ago, and wanted to find out if it lived up to what I remember.  From the beginning, the service was not lacking in any way.  The pancakes, on the other hand, were a disappointment.  When eating my meal, my immediate thought went to the boxed blueberry muffin mixes that have a pancake recipe on the side of the box. They were not "bad", just not pancakes as I define them.  I might up the rating if ordering something else, but am not inclined to follow up.
4	Decent , American food, hot locals and fast service. Came here for brunch and would come again if Essence Bakery isn't open.
5	Stopped in after reading the reviews and looking for huevos rancheros. We all ordered something different. I actually ordered the Eggs Maximilian with chorizo. It was tremendous. I'm told that it's made fresh in-house and it shows. This is a great place. Highly recommended.
5	The best breakfast in Tempe.  Is that not enough?  How about the most friendly wait staff?  Still not enough?  How about mid west small town charm and decour?  Jesus... okay how about... the best cup of coffee and some of the best salsa, WHICH YOU CAN BUY AND TAKE HOME, in Arizona.  Get their early or be prepared to have a twenty minute wait.
2	This place is severely over-rated. Went today around 1PM and was seated right away, which is great. Our server asked what we would like to drink, and we looked over the menu to find the drink list. It's not printed on the menu!!! (Please, correct me if I'm wrong, but I looked 3 times.) We ended up just getting water. Our food comes out decently fast. No complaints there. However the server forgot my husband's bacon. That's ok, I accidentally ordered a plate with three different kinds of pig. I'm expecting some awesome food, but their food is SO BLAND. The "hash brown potatoes" are not hash browns by any means. They are half-way mashed potatoes with absolutely no seasoning on them and are the least bit browned. Very disappointed. The sausage is hormel, and they say as much on their menu. I think some of the other meat is too. I could go to ihop and get the same meat. The home made biscuit was good though. Although that's not enough to make up the rest and make me want to come back. My husband got the biscuits and gravy and it had a bit more flavor, although he was surprised by the bacon taste in the gravy, since they said it was sausage-based. As I eating my biscuit in my right hand, with my napkin to my left, our server comes by and picks up my napkin, puts it on my plate, and starts stacking our dishes and starts wishing us goodbye!!! Ummm... I'm still eating and I needed that napkin!! Also we hadn't even gotten our check yet! Pay attention, lady!! Overall we were very disappointed and probably won't be coming back. The bill was too high for some seriously bland and unoriginal food. And I LOVE breakfast food!!
4	Harlow's is rad. I don't understand the bitching. I've been there four different times now, (more to come in the future). And I've enjoyed each visit. My guy and I come here for a quick GOOD breakfast. And quick it is! The waiters we have are nice, and suuuper helpful because I really suck at ordering food, (I don't like talking to strangers) and they're really patient and stuff. Well, I discovered I really enjoy eggs with runny yolk in the middle. And I like their French toast. I've also tried the chorizo, and it's a'ite...taste like my mama's. But I dig it here. Nothing too crazy, it's cheap(ish) and gooood. So, happy stars for this place!
5	read the " not currently recommended reviews at the very bottom" yelp sold out!!!! and harlows sucks!
4	Great food, great service, and well priced.  If you are a breakfast person, you must give Harlow's a taste.  Don't let the outside turn you away.  The inside atmosphere is nice and old school.  You won't be disappointed!!
4	I had the omelette with corned beef hash in it,  bomb.com.. Server seemed like she was kind of in a rush, it was an hour before closing I understand,  but still.  Normally very good service.  Will be back anyway.
4	A classic diner joint. I love this place. Their omelettes are phenomenal. I can't give it a full 5 stars because there wait is atrocious, the hours are weird (9-2 every day), the bathrooms are literally a sauna with no air conditioning. If you want something greasy with eggs and coffee. This is your place.
1	Do not eat the eggs Benedict... Nasty, plain and simple... The service was sub-par at best... I really don't understand what all of the hype is about... I would not come here again
4	Good Breakfast Spot! I had a fat plate of what essentially is Huevos Rancheros with Green Chile and Chorizo. The service was exceptional however the food came out "too quick", like, one minute after ordering. Not sure if there is a firing line in the kitchen but wow.... There's always that "WTF" thought in your head when it hits your table moments after the coffee. Regardless, I enjoyed the meal, the staff is friendly and on it. I would come back!
