2	I was generally unimpressed. The drink prices were incredibly high.. I mean $8 for a Guinness, really?The burgers were pretty tasty (maybe that was just considering this was my first one in 8 months), but the prices were rather inflated. Each burger topping cost $1.50 extra unless you got one of their pre-made burgers. All of our burgers came out more well done than we had requested.Generally, you are much better going to Delux-better product, better price, better ambience. (so I hear!)
2	Decorated nicely, food not as nice.  Went in for some snacks, walked out very disappointed.  We sat at the bar were the bartenders are not informed.  They were not helpful.  I understand that the bar just opened, but don't you try the chef's food?  We had the tuna and eggplant which surprisingly was tasty....The grilled cheese was AWEFUL.  No flavor, and just too much bread.  And how do you run out of sweet potato fries?  Seriously, you are a burger place.....
3	Walk in, seat yourself.  Beer prices incredibly high, it is indeed $8 for a Guinness.  They offer PBR.  PBR, at an upscale restaurant, for $4.  This is a fairly significant fail, simply given the fact that i've never seen such swill (at those prices!) offered at a place like this.  There was Stella and Hoegaarden offered as well, but at $7, who wants that?  We should have immediately abandoned all hope of ordering beer and turned to the fairly impressive-looking wine selection, but no one in my party was inclined to do so.  So that was the first disappointment.  Miller High Life and other domestics do not merit $5.  I honestly wondered whether this was an intentional choice, aimed at adding a touch of irony to the menu, but finally must simply conclude that they're attempting to drive people to the wine list.  The burger options: there are three pre-designed burgers, none of which quite seemed to call out to me, and one yellowfin tuna sandwich counted among the burgers.  I elected to build my own.  13 different cheeses are named and a brief description is provided, along with the source.  Refer to the menu if you're confused.  I thought this was an excellent touch.  There are extras (ie, bacon, toasted tomatoes, etc) and sauces (ranch, garlic aoli, bbq, so on) that can also be added.  I opted for a simple combination of midnight moon cheese and jalapeno bacon.  I didn't say it was a good combination, I said it was relatively simple.  They offer a side of 1000 Island dressing with any burger, along with basic lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, and onion according to your preferences.  I ordered mine rare.  Our table of 4 also ordered 2 orders of sweet potato fries, ($4) which were good.  The burgers emerged not long thereafter.  Mine was medium or medium well, only a little pink towards the side.  This was the other disappointment of the evening.  Unevenly cooked, and cooked far beyond my order, I was more than a little let down given that their name (supposedly) refers to the specific temperature difference between a medium rare and a well done burger. Thankfully, the burger was still juicy enough that I wasn't forced to apply loads of ketchup or resort to the dressing.  The cheese was excellent, mild, and the jalapeno bacon was quite tasty as well.  The bun used is a very fluffy white bread, which combines with the thick patty to make the whole package rather intimidating when it's first brought out.  I did thoroughly enjoy the burger, despite the goof-up with the cooking.  I didn't check to see how my companions' burgers were cooked, but they claimed to enjoy theirs as well. Another note: we asked our waitress about the beef used and she did not answer with confidence, informing us that the beef was 100% ground sirloin, 100% grain-fed beef.  I kind of assumed a burger place like this would consider the beef a selling point, but she hemmed and hawed a bit, seeming only too glad to move on with the conversation as soon as her questioner's curiosity abated.  She didn't have to prove anything about the beef to any of us (I don't think we were expecting really low-quality meat), but she could have been a slightly more enthusiastic salesperson, in my opinion.  It looked like lack of training.  The decor is eclectic but very upscale on the inside, the patio, where we sat, was pretty plain.  The service was really good - other than the brief description of the beef; I have no other complaints for our servers.  There's nothing wrong with this place, in fact despite my little disappointments, we all enjoyed our meals very much.  A few fairly small adjustments, and I'd easily award this place 5 stars.  But this beer selection, in this day and age where beer drinking is no longer vilified even among higher-end restaurants, is an absolute joke.  Many diners will be even more incensed at the failure to prepare the burger correctly - I felt that the juiciness of the burger at least partially redeemed this error.  Perhaps those that prefer their burgers medium to medium well will be less dissatisfied.  I'll almost certainly be back, and I'd be glad to see these issues resolved on future visits.  This place is too nice to not have substance to match the flash.
5	Uhh...I guess I am the luckiest person to go to 25 Degrees!  I had the Charcuterie with the Chorizo Blanco,  the Soria,  and the coppa for meats and the Red Hawk(only place I've found in the valley who serves Cowgirl Creamery Cheese), the Benedictine and the Crescenza.  All were absolutley delightful and I was thoroughly impressed by the selection.  I also had the spicy tuna on eggplant...fantastic!  I ordered the number 1 which consists of sirloin patty, arugula, thousand island,  bacon, prelibato gorgonzola, and crescenza.  I ordered it Medium rare...get this, it came out MEDIUM RARE.  How lucky am I right?  It was excellent,  better than delux in my opinion.  Along with it I got the half and half of fries and sweet potatoe fries.  To finish,  I had a milkshake...simple and good.
2	I'm not sure this Hollywood import will be around too long. First, the atmosphere. If you've seen the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel, where the first 25 Degrees is, it's very similar in decor. It's very LA trendy and would be perfect for a lounge, but then you think about the fact that this is a burger joint, and suddenly the posh decor just feels like they're trying too hard. I'll take Delux's casually modern and hip for my burger place any day over dark LA lounge-y. Second, the service is just not good. They bring your onion rings/fries right after you order, but then your burgers don't come for 10 minutes, by which time your rings/fries are cold. They also neglected to bring any side plates for us to share the rings/fries. We asked for the sauce for the burger on the side, and when she brought it out and we asked for the sauce, she said, "Oh, I think they put it on top." The burger was also supposed to come with Thousand Island, which she forgot and we had to ask for. Then, we had to ask for water after my glass sat empty for 10 minutes with about 6 different servers walking by and not noticing. Now, about the food. It's just not good. The onion rings were greasy and the batter fell right off. The sweet potato fries were soft, mushy, and under-seasoned. The garlic aioli on my burger was basically mayo with a dash of garlic powder. The burgers are flavorful but not nearly as good as Delux, the gold standard for Valley burger joints, IMO. The worst part of all this is that they're overpriced and nickel-and-dime you for everything. Burgers start at $9 and then it's $1.50/cheese, $1/topping, $1/sauce. They even charge for dipping sauce for your fries (other than ketchup, obviously). Finally, there's this misstep by the owners: when you're designing a high-end burger place with a lounge-like atmosphere, a place for people to grab a bite before or after the clubs/bars, you probably shouldn't have the kitchen open up to the dining room so that people leave reeking of the smell of burger and fries grease. I don't know about others, but I prefer not to have the smell of burger grease all over my clothes and in my hair after dinner if I'm going out somewhere after. It's a classic case of a paradox between positioning and actuality.Save your money and head to Delux instead for a better atmosphere, better service, and MUCH better food.
4	Perhaps a bit on the pricey side, but sometimes you pay for atmosphere. This very sexy and trendy joint is located at City North (next to Blue Martini). I ordered the #1 sirloin burger with carmelized onions, gorgonzola, crescenza (soft, buttery cheese), arugula & thousand island dressing. OMG! It was massive and juicy and made me lose all dining diplomacy as the juices dripped down my arm! My friend built his own w/ hickory bbq sauce, cheddar and bacon. On the side we had onion rings, sweet potatoe fries mixed w/ reg fries. Errrr....lemme make sure my gym membership is still active!! LOLPersonally, and I know this will cause a small uproar, I think the burgers are FAR better than Delux! I never understood the Delux cult following anyway. There...I said it! :)I even endulged in the Guinnes milkshake (Guinness beer/vanilla bean & chocolate ice cream)! You know the saying don't knock it til you try it??This would be one of those times. When's the last time you had a sugar high and a buzz at the same time off a desert....hmmm?? Bon Appetite!
2	I really want to like this place and it is nice inside and this area needs more options, but I have ordered carry out theretwice and they forgot my side orders both times. Its hard to believethat they couldn't get it right both times, plus I was the only one in the whole place which makes it even harder to understand. BUrger was ok though, I might go back and hopefully it will be better next time.
3	Delux is better. Not much cheaper, but the food tastes better. The wine is extremely overpriced, but I guess that is standard for city North
5	Last week I dined at 25 degrees and my overall experience was outstanding. Although the alcohol was slightly overpriced, the rarity of the wine and quality made it understandable. (Not to mention, this is CITY NORTH, what do you expect??) The atmosphere contributed to the positive experience as well as the genuine customer service. After reading these negative reviews, I would like to comment in 25's defense. This restaurant is better then Delux because of its large wine selection, creative menu, appropriate venue and sexy, yet knowledgeable waitresses. I was impressed with how the server was able to recite the whole menu, including the background of their cheese selection. Not to mention the excessive knowledge of the wine menu as well . The ambiance makes people feel like they're dinning at an elegant restaurant while eating America's favorite food.
5	Was wandering around city north with my sister and decided to check this place out. the decor is pretty cool, with a very chic feel, but completely laid back. our service was fantastic from beginning to end, and our server (I think his name was Lamont) was very informative and helpful, and confidently answered all of our questions. Not to mention he was pretty darned good looking! We settled on a build your own burger, sweet potato fries, and heirloom tomato salad. Our server talked me into a jug of Luchador (australian shiraz) and it was a fantastic pairing with the burger. I have to comment on the heirloom tomato salad...it was hands down the BEST salad I have ever consumed. The pairing of the tomatoes, sweet watermelon, goat cheese, and micro greens was completely to die for. in response to the feeling that some of the drinks are over priced (about 9-11 for a mixed drink with top notch ingredients) try heading next store to the blue martini and paying 15 for a (mediocre) drink.
5	Great atmosphere, informed bartender, unique specialty beer selection...but most importantly, the burger was outstanding!  Every once in a while, I  need a good, juicy burger.  I have tried Delux, Blu Burger, and Indulge.  In terms of a sirloin burger, this was the best!  My husband and I split a burger with point reyes blue cheese, and bacon on his half.  We ordered the burger medium and it came out cooked perfectly - still pink in the middle - and it was not greasy.  We also had the half and half side of regular and sweet potato fries.  The sweet potato fries were wonderful - even my husband thought they were good an he doesn't even like sweet potato fries.  Overall, it was a great dining experience.  My only recommendation would be to add Bison to the menu.
2	Set up a VinVillage event at this place, sight unseen, which I hosted last night. After the glowing descriptions on their website, some of the reviews here, and knowing they are located at CityNorth, I expected much better! Walking in, I did not get the feeling of "upscale" restaurant. Sports on 2 TVs blaring out over the bar and into the open dining room did nothing for the atmosphere. They had a long table pulled together for our group in the center of the room, but I grabbed a seat at the bar since I was the first to arrive. Took a few minutes, but the bartender eventually gave me a wine list/menu, answered my questions, and proceeded to get my drink. They had a good selection of wines, and some you don't normally find on wine lists at every other place in town.A few others came in and we moved to the table, no problem transferring tabs. Seemed to take a long time between everyone (about 15 of us, though we initially expected 20) receiving their drinks and the time the first apps came out. Granted, they were complimentary (the deal I worked out for my group), and they were quite yummy - especially the spicy tuna on tempura eggplant - so once we started eating, we forgot about the wait. The pate was very rich and served with soft slices of raisin bread. Some were immediately addicted to the bacon-wrapped dates.Everyone ordered a burger of one type or another, some opting for the pre-selected toppings, other customizing and adding sweet potato fries. We confirmed that everyone was on separate checks. My burger came out not quite as rare as I would have liked, but what do you expect when the patty is only 1/2" thick? I am not a big beef fan, anyway. Sauces were good, especially the pungent garlic parm, as were the fries.But then, we waited for the checks...and waited...and waited. Seems the staff didn't begin trying to sort out who had what until at least HALF AN HOUR AFTER everyone had finished eating and plates had been cleared! And none clearly knew how to use the POS system. Those who had cash eventually tired of waiting and just left it on the table. Those of us with credit cards were not so lucky...and several bills had to be re-rung, as they did not include the right items. I had wanted to go back to try the salted caramel milkshake, but it will be a long time before I return.
2	I am on a 2 star review tear!!! This place was just Eh. It was billed as a great burger from my brother. He let me down for the first time in my life. He said it was better than Burger Bar. Oh, Jacob... I ordered a burger with Swiss, caramelized onions, and portabello mushrooms. This is something I get at Burger Bar and felt this was the only way to compare. It came out hot, which was nice, but for something that should have been full of flavor, there was just nothing there. I can't explain it. Maybe I should have pulled a Richard Z and dumped the Dead Sea on it. The bun was nice, though. So I left the table after dropping $16 on a burger that tasted like nothing. The restaurant looks nice. 2 stars.
4	I went to 25 Degrees on Friday (not to be confused with 18 Degrees, which I tried on Sunday) for a business lunch.  None of us had gone there but there's some good buzz going around our office about this new City North restaurant, so we decided to give it a try.The atmosphere is cool, definitely unique and I could see it feeling a bit sexy/swank at night.  Their burger selection was fantastic, similar to Blu Burget (RIP) or other specialty burger joints with a ton of toppings that you can use to play and customize.  I tried their pre-built recommendation with burrata and prosciutto -- it was really yummy!  My boss and I both ordered medium rare, but they came out definitively RARE (if not raw), but we were so hungry that we dove in anyway.  The onion rings we got beforehand were superb, and I highly recommend the thousand island dipping sauce (not your mom's thousand island).Overall I will definitely stop by this place again, but next time I will plan on splitting a burger with someone and then walking down to Mojo Yogurt for dessert afterward  :-)
4	It's pretty good, often times you'll get a coupon for 50% off your meal if you come back the following monday.  Only complaint is they can be on the slow side with everything.. drink, food, bringing the bill, etc.  Nice staff though.
4	Went to 25 Degrees for dinner on Holloween night for the first time.  Gotta say that the burgers were really really good.  You get to pick your meat, then the cheese, sauce and the toppings.  I ordered mine with lettuce only - which is my new thing now.  I put avocado, carmelized onions and this spicy aioli.  We also started with the sweet potato fries -- which were totally yummy.  Our kids had turkey burgers and they loved them.  Hubby and I ordered wine - which comes in 3 sizes or Jugs.  We got medium jugs (ha - sounds pretty funny actually) which was the equivalent of half carafe each -- and not cheap.  The medium was enough to last the whole meal.When the check came, there was a little sticker shock.  See the meat is all around $9, then the cheese is $2 and then each additional topping and sauce is $1 so the burger ends up costing you around $15.  If you want a very high end burger thats super tasty - this is a great place for you.  But be warned about the cost -- its going to be one of the more expensive Burger and Fries you'll eat...
4	I went here for lunch with a colleague from work not realizing I had been to the one at The Roosevelt Hotel in Los Angeles. My experience was much better here. The place had recently opened so there wasn't much clientele during lunch. I ordered the burger #3; mezzo secco jack, green chili, chipotle and avocado. We split a Caesar salad and tried some of the special sauces the waiter had recommended for the fries. I didn't find out until we got our bill that the extra dipping sauces (ramekin size) were $1 each....kinda crazy if you ask me. Nonetheless, the burger was FABULOUS! So so yummy. I ate way to much to have to back to work though. Needless to say, I wasn't very productive the rest of the day. The decor was retro with a diner feel. I would definitely go back and would recommend it.
2	Went  this past weekend with my husband.  Drove all the way from Chandler actually to check this place out.  When we walked in we were expecting some sort of greet.  The bartender was too busy to say hello and it wasn't until another few minutes the server comes up to us and tells us it's self seating. Mind you the manager was on the computer at the bar to busy to acknowledge us as well.  We seat ourselves at one of the tables in the middle. We really wanted to sit at their cozy booth but it had needed to be bussed.  It wasn't until another 10 minutes that I noticed the manager  bussing the table as if she really didn't want to.  Anyway, too late for us to move there...Our server was really friendly.  Didn't blink an eye when we just wanted to split some items.  The food came our perfectly.  The fries were hot, salad was nicely dressed, and the burger piping hot.  Food was over the top great.  The fact that I could see the manager's facebook page and ebay shopping while I was dining was a total turnoff. Between updating her status she would help her staff out, but I can tell she did not care about the restaurant.  Never got a thank you or hello/goodbye out of her as we walked on by.Overall food was great and our server was friendly, but I will not recommend this place to friends merely b/c of the lack of interest in the place by the manager.  Atleast get an iphone and be discreet about it. don't set up camp at the bar when diners have a full view of what you're doing!
3	My friends and I had to do an errand at CityNorth after the OYE @ AZ Wine so we asked Gabi for a recommendation nearby for burgers. She suggested 25 Degrees and it worked out perfectly since it was right by where we needed to be. We were suprised to find it almost empty on a Saturday evening, but we got a table anyways. The decor inside is cute, dark and I really liked the wall of wines. My friend and I decided to split the #3 + mixed well done fries (mezzo secco jack, green chili, chipotle and avocado) and I think my other friend ordered the #2 (roasted tomato, crispy prosciutto, burrata and pesto). After a few mins, out came our burgers and my friend & I's was already split. I love it when a resto does that (w/o charging extra!). The fries were nice and crispy, but the burger was kind of dry. The ingredients were fresh, but kind of bland. $16.50 for a mediocre burger and fries is disappointing so unfortunately, I will not be back.
2	REALLY!  Toppings $$$. Although tasty not worth it. Sorry, wanted to give it a 3*!   BUT the add on's really ADDED UP!  Messed up our order (too rare) but did split our burgers w/o charge however, when you pay $14+ for a burger this helps!  Even dipping your fries or onion rings in "special" sauce is extra.  Unfortunately ,I can only focus on the $. Which makes me think twice about returning :(
4	Must say one of the best burgers I have ever had! I had the number one (caramelized onion, gorgonzola, crescenza, bacon, arugala, & 1000 Island dressing) with your choice of meat/veggies.  The bistro setting adds a certain flare to the entire experience. Burgers are decadent, exploding with flavor and richness. Decently priced for an upscale burger joint.Appetizers are a little on the pricey side for what they offer.
2	DH & I went there tonight for happy hour...they did not have many specials. A beer on tap for $2.50, well drinks for 2.50, or a hot dog for 2.50. We had a hot dog each and a drink. The hot dogs were ok, not much taste, but they were pretty big. Prices were good, just not enough choices.
4	Attention bourbon fans. You must come here. 25 Degrees not only boasts some of the city's best burgers, but they may have the one of the best bourbon selections I've seen in this state. Really great, rare. Lots of fun to be had. If you feel like splurging, they have 3-4 kinds of the nearly impossible to find Pappy Van Winkle. It's worth a try. They are known for their burgers and wine. I'm generally not a fan of thick burgers, but these are perfectly prepared and made with sirloin and beef combination that is really well flavored. I always make my own (cheddar, bacon, tarragon remoulade), but there are about 4 combos you can choose from. If you get the fries, I strongly suggest doing the half and half with a side of the horseradish sauce, which is divine on the onion rings. I'm drooling now. The bartenders and staff are also very welcoming and nice. They always make our visits enjoyable. My only gripe is that drink prices are a little steep, but that's the norm at CityNorth.
5	Again, FULL DISCLOSURE: #1 I do work here. #2 this review is from a dining experience I had last July (I'm slow to the party here on yelp - have had an account for a year and a half, never posted anything, and now want more than one review under my belt!). That being said, my experience is still valid :)I had my first real sit down dinner at 25 degrees last night and can't say one bad thing! I took my friends in from out of town and they had a great time as well. We got the tail end of Happy Hour, so I started with a $2.50 PBR (hey, the economy's hit all of us hard!) and so did another guest. My other friend was very excited they had Hoegaarden on tap. I'd been dying to try the #2 which is the more "Italian" style burger, with Pesto Sauce, Prosciutto, Roasted Tomatoes, and Burrata Cheese (it's like Mozzarella). Another friend chose the #1, a sirloin burger with 1000 Island, Arugula, Bacon, Caramelized Onions and Gorgonzola and Crescenza cheeses. While waiting for the burgers, we had the "half & half" of sweet potato fries and onion rings. I normally can't stand sweet potato fries, but I couldn't stop eating them! The onion rings were great dipped in the garlic parmesan sauce. After I finished my beer, I had to try the Red Head in Bed, which has Ketel One Citrus, a splash of sparkling wine, lemon juice, simple syrup and muddled strawberries - so tasty and refreshing! The Burgers came out perfectly cooked and tasted amazing. I had no intention of finishing mine, but couldn't stop eating! I was soooo full, but incredibly satisfied by the end of my meal.I have to mention that Kelly was an awesome server too - she never hovered - totally understood that we were a group of friends catching up, but was always there when we needed her!Thanks for a great experience 25 degrees!
3	We just tried 25 Degrees last night for a late dinner. It was good but I would not say it was great. It might be our fault because we went at about 8:30 p.m. but the music was so loud and and it was very dark. It felt more like a bar or lounge. It had bold wallpaper and chandeliers as the decor. The place is not very big! My favorite things about 25 degrees were the sweet potatoes fries and root beer! The burgers do not come with any side fries or chips so you have to order the fries on the side. The side order of sweet potato fries are $5 and are big enough for 2 or 3 people to share one order. The burger was good but we had a long wait for it. We had already finished the fries which come out earlier. I really like City North and will try again for lunch! The patio did look very nice. I plan to enjoy a a glass of wine and a burger for lunch on a nice afternoon!
4	First time here last Sun (02-28)..discovered it via Urban Spoon App. My friend and I arrived for lunch. It reminds me of a cigar bar w/o the cigar smell as far as decor goes. Hip & swanky, with a heavy emphasis on glass with large leather half moon shaped booths lining the walls.. Dark but not too dark. Service was great no complaints.. Now for the food.Ok so we ordered burgers (what their draw is) and half & half fries (sweet potato & regular). The fries were excellent, sea salt on the sweet potatoes and thyme on the regular. Delicious..My one complaint is they came out 15 minutes before the burger?? In fact I wasnt even hungry by the time the burger arrived.. but I managed. I ordered a Turkey Burger with jalapeno bacon, onions, tomatoes, american cheese and Lemon dill sauce. The burger was friggin huge and needless to say I only managed to devour half of the thing before tapping out. It was a great burger and this place has an unbelievable selection to build your own. The only thing I dont care for is their description of cheeses.. it made them sound unappetizing. Plus even with the descriptions it doesnt give you an inkling as to what it tastes like. My suggestion.. let the patron ask and maybe offer samples if the patron seems reluctant.. Plus if you put the knowledge on the servers and having them be able to describe the cheeses in laymen terms it would really be quite impressive. If they do know their cheeses already then you should really have them offer to explain the cheeses..otherwise i guarantee you will receive a majority of American & Cheddar orders since the others are so non mainstream..ex..Midnight Moon, Red Hawke, St. George, Burrata, etc..Overrall I would return with or without the superior cheese selection. The burger was damn good and if you add sauce, you're not going to taste the cheese anyway.
3	JD and I went with another couple on Saturday afternoon to check this place out. Its really cool inside but we started off sitting on the patio. Before our apps came out it got cold so we moved inside. JD and I split an order of half onion rings half sweet potato fries and both were really good. What was annoying was that if you wanted dipping sauces you had to pay $0.50 for a little cup of each. You already have to pick your meat for $10, add cheese for $2 and toppings for another buck or so, talk about nickel and diming! Jeez. Everyone else got million dollar burgers, but I just picked one of the four "pre-built" ones for like $12. It had avocado, green chile, and cheese on it and I didnt add anything else. Everyone agreed that the burgers were pretty good   but hard to eat because A. the burger patties were quite thick B. the pickles, tomatoes and onion slices served on the side were also thick, and C. with all the other toppings ordered everything just kind of fell apart. They have very few wines by the glass and instead serve it by the small, medium or large jug. Not a bad thing, just kind of strange. A medium jug worked for two of us and beers and soda's placated the other two so not a big deal.I'd like to go back and try some of their "snacks" and a salad. I'm not really a burger girl and should leave those to the people who love them.
4	I've been coming in 25 a lot in the past 6 months or so, just because its open pretty late, and isn't "fast food".Food wise, I'm not a fan of huge bugers that you need two mouths to eat, but that's just me =p My boyfriend is a pretty big fan of their burgers though, always gets something different.  Their sweet potato fries are pretty damn awesome as well.  Patrick ( AKA their star bartender/server/whatever else he does =p ) suggestted to me one rainy cold night, their 5 cheese or 3 I can't remember, grilled cheese with a cup of their tomato soup, and that's all I ever get now.  It's delicious and decently priced. 9 bucks i believe for the combo.The decor is very nice and cozy for the most part.  It's smaller, but that's the kind of place I like.  They don't have a hostess or really anyone designated to greet you at the door, which is a good thing to know so you don't stand up front looking like a lost puppyThe service I get there was a little up and down for the first couple of months.  I'm only 20 years old, so I tend to get looked down as a "kid who doesn't know how to tip" a lot, so its semi understandable.  But I've had good service everytime a guy has served me.  Usually its either Patrick who never seems to get a day off =p or the guy with really sweet dreads (sorry man, that grilled cheese is more important than your name hehehe)  For some odd reason all the girls there have this high and mighty attitude and are very rude. The low cut, semi see through white wife beaters with the dark colored bra totally take away from the "upscale" setting. Sorry girls, the white trash look will never be classy.
3	I really want to give this place a 2-star rating just because it was so not worth all of the hype.  I cannot believe how much praise this place has gotten in the local media.  It is a cool enough space but it is up in the middle of nowhere on a dead street in a dead part of town full of no character or personality.  Everything about CityNorth is fake and this restaurant is too.I had heard about how great the burgers are so that's what I was looking for.  They have four pre-made type burgers or you can "build your own".  The pre-made ones sounded horrible so I decided to build my own.  Sirloin burger - $9some weird cheese that lacked description - $2avacado - $1horseraddish cream sauce - $0.50So for my burger $12.50Oh, you wanted fries?  That's another $4.So almost $20 later, I have what one would expect (for the price) to be a damn good burger.  I like my burgers medium.  I expect some pink in them.  I want to taste the meat, not the nasty char that happens when people overcook things.  My burger comes out and looks good.  It is giant and in some nice looking bun.  Quite impressed.  Until I cut it in half and see that it is more medium-rare than medium.  That's okay.  I'm not going to complain.  Then I bite into it.  The outside of the patty is leather-tough.  The inside? Uncooked.  What gives?  You're a damn burger place!Their saving grace was the fries.  They were great.  I should have just started and stopped with them.  But even those didn't live up to $4 fry expectations.  No dipping sauces, no ramekins, nothing.  Just a red ketchup and yellow mustard bottle like you had in your elementary school cafeteria.Nothing about this place was worth the price.  The quantity is there but the quality was not.  Will not be back and will probably not be back to CityNorth either.
3	Sat on the patio with my wife for a date without the kids. A trendy bar like atmosphere with that 'north Scottsdale' feel. We split a Half order of ceasar salad and the Tuscan tomato soup for an appetizer. I really enjoyed the soup, very flavorfull and not your average tomato soup. Had a much fresher not so creamy taste. Salad was average. Then we split the number one burger and a side 'half and half' order of the sweet potato fries and onion rings. Burger was thick juicy and had a good taste. Sides were also good.  All in all I would say above average for overall taste bit not a 'must have' burger. We were both stuffed. Service was friendly and attentive without being intrusive. Music was loud for the inside seating so if you want to talk the patio is the way to go.
5	Bartender Mike RULESyeah that's for you mike yeaahhh thanks for the rootbeer =p(rootbeer on draft rocks)
4	Aside from the fact that Rebecca N. is into Mike the bartender which i don't have any background on other than the review this place is delicious and to be honest the best burger ive had in a long time.  I love deluxe and also places like Stax which is good but not great (deluxe is great btw not Stax), either way the food was great not the service or annoying people next to me but i cant hold the restaurant responsible ( the people behind me made me want to stab myself in the ears with an icepick, service was crap but...)  the quality of burger was GREAT!  Its the best high quality restaurant burger ive ever had, its pricey but really worth it for a great burger.  I cant say enough about how good the burger was, me and my girlfriend whom have different tastes in burgers loved the ones we got and ate them in their entirety, which never happens we always have left overs or split it but we went for it and it was great!  If you need a burger and are tired of eating healthy its a great get away!
2	I was not feeling 25 Degrees.  Had they not been in the laughable City North, I might have given them an extra star, but they're not, so two it is.  When we came, it was pretty much empty except for a couple tables out on the patio because it was nice out.  We elected to sit outside too.This first thing I hated was their menus.  You get this huge board game sized piece of paper sandwiched between two pieces of plexiglass and then held together with a thick rubber band.  They just seemed tacky!  Obviously, I came here for the burgers, so I read through my options and decided that build my own was the way to go.  I started getting hesitant about the price, because just a couple add ons were going to make my burger cost about 15 bucks or so.  It better be good.I settled on a sirloin burger with barbecue sauce, crispy onions, and bacon.  We also got an order of fries to share (also quite expensive.)  The fries were just okay, but I did like the seasoning.  It just needed more.  The burger on the other hand was a HUGE let down.  Just because you give me a massive patty plopped between a sky high bun does not make the value any better.  The patty itself was at least an inch and a half thick, so when I requested my burger to be cooked medium, I got something closer to well done around the outside with only a sliver of pink on the inside.  Not so cool.  The burger itself was very bland.  You can't just throw ground sirloin on a grill and call it a burger.  There needs to be some love and seasoning or else it just won't work.  I did like the barbecue sauce, but that was it.  The bacon had no flavor and added nothing in terms of texture, unless you want to call tough and chewy an improvement.  The crispy onions, my most anticipated feature, were actually the worse.  It seemed to me like they were fried way in advance, allowed to cool, and then stuck on there.  They were cold, tough, and stringy.  Obviously, this was unappetizing.I ate about a quarter of my burger, making a huge mess because of the astronomical proportions, before I decided that it just wasn't worth it.  I definitely will NOT be coming back to 25 Degrees and it's only a matter of time before this lame development collapses into its own filth.
2	I'd love to give this place a four just for the amazing burger meat they had, but too many side problems takes it down a couple pegs.First off I have to say that the burger was thick, juicy, and cooked exactly how I asked for it. Aside from that though, the place fell a little short.First was the smoking, we were outside on the patio, and there were people chain smoking right next to us the entire time we were there. I come from boston where this is illegal, so it just turned me off a lot. It really helped spoil my dinner, and I reeked of cigarettes when I got back to my hotel.Second, the sweet potato fries were so peppery that I couldn't taste the sweet potato. I might as well have been eating sticks made out of ground black pepper. Gross.Third was the BBQ sauce. This is obviously an opinion thing, but I just really didn't like it. It's been a while now so I don't remember what part of the taste was too much -- but I remember biting into the burger and going "eek." Obviously this won't be a problem for you if you don't get the bbq burger.Lastly was the price. what's with the a-la cart shenanigans? If I order a $13 burger, I want to get some fries or SOMETHING with it.Great burger, watch out if you deviate.
3	My friend's birthday was the other day and this is where she picked to go for her birthday lunch, and since I don't make it up to the Desert Ridge/City North area all that much, I hadn't even realized this place had opened up there. First impression: The space was a lot smaller than I thought it would be, but decorated nicely. We sat on the patio and there was a nice breeze, so it was comfortable. With all the burger places popping up all over town, and since 25 Degrees is straight out of trendy LA, I had high hopes for it. The menu had a few items other than burgers, which was refreshing, but the burgers are the focus. Looking at the menu, I was quite taken aback by the prices....I mean $9 or $10 just for the patty? Plus $2 for cheese? Ridiculous! I wasn't all that hungry, and didn't feel like eating a $15 burger at lunch so I opted for the grilled cheese and tomato soup. The sandwich was good, three kinds of cheese and thick white bread, just the way I wish my mama would have made them! The soup I found to be just okay; it wasn't smooth like I was expecting, or creamy. And it was drizzled with some pesto oil; while I give it points for creativity, it just wasn't all that good. The other girls had the tuna burger, a turkey burger and a sirloin burger; they all liked them, but they were huge and very messy to eat. The sweet potato fries that we got to share were good...but they didn't offer any unique kind of dipping sauce with them like many of the other places around town. As far as burger places go, I didn't find this place to be special enough to warrant the drive up to City North or the price tag.
1	How long should it take to make a burger? I went there for lunch on a Sunday.  It took almost an HOUR to get our food...and the restaurant wasn't even busy! Crappy Service, the burger was nothing special, and way overpriced.  Don't waste your time!
4	Okay so I went back today and wasnt in the mood for a heavy burger but they offer this yellowfin tuna burger with spicy aioli and crispy onion strings which sounded yummy. So I ordered it and it was fantastic. Filling but not heavy and packed with flavor. I dont know that I would order anything else, it was that good. Im dying to try their breakfast but alas this is the last weekend for that until summer is over.
2	There for lunch and am not impressed.  The burger was fine, but not exceptional.  The service was slow and sloppy.  There were two people in the restaurant when we arrived, they left and two more came in, so it certainly wasn't a busy lunch hour.
2	Pros:The burger itself, when you actually get it, is admittedly very good and has a cute presentation with the lettuce, tomato, pickle, onion, neatly stacked on the right of the plate. Juicy, flavorful, but not over seasoned, showcasing the meat itself.Cons: (and there are A LOT)Weirdly laid out place.  There are very large booths on the left, a small row of tables in the middle, and the bar/kitchen to the right.  It is very dark in there too.  I could barely read the menu and I'm not an old fart or anything haha. The place is decorated very dark/art deco/modern with black chandeliers.  The 50's style diner type bar seems a bit out of place. Especially the greasy smell wafting from the large food passing hole behind the bar. Eww.It was only two of us, so we were seated at a 4 top in the back with full view of the inside of the open unisex sink area of the restroom.  Our server was curt and borderline rude.  The place was about 50% occupied  and our drinks took 10 minutes, we ordered 1/2 and 1/2 onion rings and fries and were told that they always come out first and now I know why...It took almost 15min to get our reg fries/onion rings and another 15min for the burger itself!  The fries were beyond mediocre, very salty and warm at best.  Onion rings were piping hot and just okay. Batter was a little greasy like a beer batter, and onions were semi raw, thick sliced and crunchy.  To top it all off, for $6 you get a small handful of fries and exactly 4 onion rings, but it comes in a cute chinese to go box....yippppeeee.... We shared this and had to ask for plates as I like to eat greasy things with cutlery and have somewhere to put my ketchup....and we also noticed the food runner tried to give our fries/rings to the booth behind us, put it on their table, took it back into the kitchen, and then back to our table....tsk tskThen....FINALLY....The burger came.  It was better than good. We got it with bacon and colby jack, medium.  Good and tasty bun.   Although, I'm not sure if it was because we were sooo starving my then. From start to finish 2 burgers, fries/ring took almost 1.5hrs.  Good thing we didn't stick around for dessert!Is a great tasting burger enough?  I think not!
4	25 degrees has become my go to burger joint in town. I love the decor of this place which has a old school yet modern feel that isn't trying to hard to be trendy like some of the other gourmet burger places in town. The Fries are good but not great IMO. I know that rosemary is a big trend now with fries but to me its a little overpowering but i must say that there onion rings are the best i have had in town. there big, golden brown, and dont fall apart on you. They have a great texture and the breading is lighter then other batters but still gives you a great crunch. I have yet to try the sweet potato fries here but I have only heard good things. The burgers are the real deal here folks. They have just the right amount of fat content in the meat and a big. It is hard to get a consistent medium rare burger at places when the patty's are so big but they always hit it on the head. I believe the buns are made in house and they are fluffy and a tad sweet which I like. When i'm here I usually go for a bacon grilled onion burger with Gruyere cheese and can't seem to stay away. The service has always been top notch and being from Oklahoma I love soda and this place has the best Coke I have had in Arizona and there root beer is homemade, on tap and tastes absolutely unbelievable. If you are ever in City North you should definitely check this place out.
4	This is a great place for a gourmet burger.  The Executive chef Grant is awesome, I like to sit at the bar where you have full view of the kitchen so you can watch him work.  The burgers are unique in their combinations of flavors and use a variety of cheeses not available at a lot of other burger joints in town.  The different sauces (made from scratch) are also great to mix and match.My favorite dish is the tuna appetizer served on tempura fried eggplant; in a word... decadent!  Full bar, good beer and friendly service also a plus.
5	25 degrees + date night = great night. We tried out 25 degrees tonight and really looking forward to our next visit.We started out with some beers. It was a 1st for me trying out a Dirty Ho which is quite the funny name for a Guinness and Hoegarden beer (similar to a black and tan).  We were on our way to see a movie so unfortunately didn't have time for full dinner.  We tried out 2 appetizers and both were  amazing. The cheese and smoked meat board was really good. Definitely ask the really friendly staff for advice on selecting which cheeses you want as I had not even heard of some of the cheese options before.We also got the tuna and eggplant that sounded odd but wish we had time to order a 2nd plate. It was just that good.Next time we will try out the burgers as those sounded really good.  25 degrees is a must visit!
4	Good food here the cocktails are great, definitely a bit too pricey for my experience eating at these type of places.  I would recommend it more if they were a bit more realistic with the price for the portion.  Or maybe I just don't like the Scottsdale scene.
4	Good drinks, awesome burgers and fresh made sweet potato fries. I don't even like sweet potatoes but these fries are ridiculous and come with a variety of dipping sauces. Two of us split a burger because they are pretty big. Its a fun menu and I will definitely be going back.Did I mention the delicious sweet potato fries?
4	I'm a sucker for sweet potato fries!  Any place serving this yummy delicious ingredient deserves my love.  I think I can survive off this for 30 days....any reality TV show takers...huh..huh?  Well, over food was really excellent.  Gourmet burgers are to die for aren't they!?  Sorry Carl's Jr...your $6 burger -- really?  I had the number 3 here - yeah sounds like a secret Chinese sauce, but better!  My burger was cooked just right - juicy and medium-well.  The service was good and the atmosphere tries to re-enact modern hip fine dining.  Though you probably wouldn't know the difference after a few bottles here :) - enjoy!
4	Ambiance!Whenever I am near CityNorth, I sigh sadly and wonder, "what can I do to get people to bring some business to North Phoenix"?!This little gourmet hamburger spot is one of those places that give me hope for CityNorth.Fun menu, and beautiful interior (warm tones..darn brown on gold and love the fab wall paper)!The menu reminds me of delux burger in Phoenix.I had a grilled sirloin burger with a fried egg and bbq sauce (very fun combo); though I didn't ask for cheese, they put cheese on it, so that would be my only complaint.The skinny fries were great :)
4	The food is delicious!
4	This is a great place with a fun, relaxing atmosphere. We stopped in for an after dinner snack/drink and just had onion rings, sweet potato fries and drinks.  We are looking forward to going back to try their veggie burgers. For a gourmet burger kind of place, we were happy to see lots of vegetarian options as well. The root beer float was awesome too!
3	I deducted one point for location and one point for service. I went with a friend for happy hour on a Monday, and there were only 3 or 4 other people in the place, so we sat at the bar. We just had beers and a few appetizers (the happy hour specials are a great deal), but the bartender wasn't as friendly or attentive as he certainly could have been, taking into account the empty bar. We shared a cheese plate and sweet & spicy wings, both good, but there's a lot of good food in the valley and this place didn't make me feel like I want to go back.
5	25 degrees is a great spot for a date, dinner with a friend, or a late night bite. The burgers are tasty and not too greasy (the grilled cheese is pretty decadent as well), the fries and onion rings are awesome, and the drinks are just right. Good service, reasonable prices, and delicious food. Love it!
4	This place is great for a mild night out. I love the burger #1 and get both potato fries and the sweet potato fries DELISH!! Their Grilled Cheese is also wonderful.. I don't think they have the tomato soup to go with it but oh well... If you are getting drinks get the cream soda (very refreshing) or go for the Guinness milk shake..The right combination of Guinness, Ice cream and Chocolate. Dip your fries in it too.  The atmosphere is dark and cozy it can get a bit loud if it is crowded, they have a few TV's and please stop by the restrooms to check out the funky wallpaper!Recently advertized is a happy hour Mon- Thu and on every other Sunday, so call to see if it is the right Sunday.  You will not be disappointed.
4	My perfect burger:ground sirloin - mediumpoint reyes bluebbq saucebaconchiliwith a side of sweet potato friesI love the cheese & extras/sauces options. So many high quality ingredients to choose from, so if you're indecisive like I am, check out the menu before you go. The drinks are good but take awhile for them to make. I had a blueberry collins. Gin + blueberries = what more could a girl ask for?! Next time I'll be ordering bacon wrapped dates.
4	I'd been wanting to try this place for a while, and I finally was able to drag the wife there on a not-too-busy Friday night.The #2 was quite good - have to love prosciutto on a burger - then adding pesto, well, that's MY burger. Get yer own.  Cooked to a perfect medium-rare as ordered as was the wife's medium-well version of #3 (green chile, jack, chipotle, hold-the-avocado). The burgers are Plenty Big - go easy on the sides unless you are starving. Speaking of sides, the onion rings and sweet potato fries were both very nicely done - not greasy, and very hot! I tried the Guinness milkshake, which while good, is not something I need to get again. The Guinness lent a hint of greater depth than just a regular chocolate shake, and was fun for the novelty, but not enough of a difference to repeat. The wife's strawberry shake was VERY good, and probably the way I'll go next time. The shakes are provided with the mixing cup - so you actually have two full servings worth (might split one for two people)!As for the overall ambiance, we enjoyed the decor with the French wallpaper (I think of toile as having pastoral scenes, and this was just patterned - but nice), the semi-dim lighting, metallic ceiling and general decor.  The only thing to detract was the screeching metal music playing. I don't mind contrasts - but this was discordant.The value was alright - we expected premium prices for the premium burgers, and will return, I just doubt it will sit high in the rotation.
1	If there were minus stars I would rate them even worse.  I was the first to arrive in my party as as there is no hostess stand I made eye contact with the bartenter who ignored me.  When we made eye contact again I asked if I should just sit anywhere to which he said yes.  Mind you its not busy at this hour.  I ordered a glass of wine and the next person in my party arrived and the waitress asked what she wanted and I explained to my friend that the red happy hour wine was X.  My friend asked what other red wines they had and the waiteres replied that X is a red!  The next person arrived and ordered a beer much to the eye rolling and disgust of the waitress.  I thought I would approach them and ask the manager to consider donating a gift certificate to an upcoming charity event but the service was so bad I didnt even want anything for FREE from them much less subject some poor person who bid on this item to be treated in the same horrible manner.  I've already told my friend in LA not to go to their place in Hunnington Beach due to my experience.  Bad service, weird food, weird space.  NEVER, EVER, going back
2	Not impressed with 25 Degrees whatsoever. My fiance and I were craving burgers. We have hit up most of the popular burger places in Phoenix, but never 25 Degrees, so we decided to give it a whirl.We both started with a drink, I had the Guiness Milkshake while she had the Red Head in Bed cocktail. The drinks were great, but at 8 and 10 dollars respectively, they should be.As for the food, it all went downhill. We ordered the #1 burger cooked medium and it came out very well done. Dry and almost inedible. We also wanted to try the sonoran hot dog. Not nearly as good as what we had been used to eating down in Tucson. It was overloaded with condiments.The service was just as bad. We got told several times by our server "sorry, it's just really busy tonight". I hate this excuse. This is a restaurant on Saturday night, you better damn well plan for it being busy. It shouldn't be a problem those eating at the restaurant have to deal with. Anyways, we ordered sweet potato fries which never made it to the table.While I'm glad I got to try a Guiness Milkshake, which earned this place the extra star, we won't be returning. Buyers beware.
5	So when i moved back from Portland, Oregon I realized that AZ is the poster child for the Corporate world. I had a hard time finding restaurants that were small and intimate with unique and great food. I heard of 25 degrees and gave it a try.....The food was KILLER! this is the best "burger joint" ever! Also, they have great drinks, a big wine selection, and beers that expand beyond Bud Light. I am a pescatarian which means im a vegetarian that eats seafood so also finding places that fit my diet is hard sometimes. I got the yellowfin ahi tuna burger and im telling you, OUT OF THIS WORLD! cooked to perfection and served with the sweet potatoe fries you just can't go wrong. My boyfriend got a "real" hamburger and said it was one of the best burgers he's had. Now as if that wasn't enough we decided to splurge and check out the sweets, we went with banana fosters, dark rum milkshake...enough said! Get over to 25 degrees so you can taste what we did! AMAZING!!!!
4	They are no longer in business.  :(
