2	Great when lovely owner Justina is there, but when she's not -- beware.Normally, food is explosively flavorful and service is warm and attentive. Went recently on an owner-free Saturday. Employees tried to close early, poured us the last of our BYO (about 25 minutes after we'd arrived and wolfed our food), then screamed at us to leave. I don't know if this is biz-as-usual, but it's not worth another trip to find out.
4	Have been to Cyclo twice. Both times the food was very good.  Ate both times in the late afternoon. Good service...an unanimated, but effiicient staff. Start with the pork and shrimp spring rolls, move on to the crisp lemongrass chicken or pad thai, end it with one of their unique desserts...and you have a meal that is sure to satisfy! Beware the plum soda! LOL That's all I have to say about that...
3	Absolutely beautiful decor.  Tasteful, interesting, makes you feel as though you've escaped the desert.Spring rolls were tasty, salad was intense but delicious in its way.
5	I'm surprise there aren't more reviews for Cyclo.  Bonus points if you pronounce it correctly (See-Klo).  I love this place.  The owner, Justina, is a hoot and really keeps the place running smoothly.  And if you're there more than once, chances are she'll remember you.Cyclo is a haul for me from Central Phoenix, so it's not a super regular stop for me, maybe once every 6-8 weeks.  But, Justina remembers me and chats with me.  That's great service.Cyclo is another BYOB and, Lord knows, I love that.  No corking fee.  Now, this isn't fancy.  Paper napkins and plastic cups, but dang, it's good.  Faves include:Green beans.  These aren't your ordinary green beans, they're chili and garlic green beans and they make me want to be a vegetarian.Tamarind ribs.  On the app menu, they are so tasty and tender and tangy.  I wanna lick the plate, but that's not lady like.Lemongrass Chicken.  Lil' nuggets of lemongrassy love.  Chicken deep fried and infused with lemongrass.  So simple and delicious.Everything we've had here is wonderful and calling it reasonable is a laugh, it's downright cheap.  We were four for dinner with apps and entrees and tea for $50.  That's a deal!They are now open for lunch, but no lunch menu.  It's the same menu all day long.  No reservations and the wait can be long.  I suggest going at lunch time or for an early dinner or be prepared for wait for a bit.  On the same note, this isn't a place that you sit and linger after you've eaten.  Be considerate of those is line, pay your check and get outta there!
5	You gotta love Justina, the owner...I just don't know why she keeps chopping her hair off. But she is like a walking fashion show. Anyway, we have been going to Cyclo since its early days. Coming from the Bay Area, we were a bit disappointed that there were no decent Asian restaurants in the area, until we stumbled upon this restaurant. The flavors of the foods are amazing, really rich and sometimes a bit complex. Try the Hanoi and the shrimp appetizer...yum! And I truly enjoy the refreshing lemonade...a bit on the sweet side, but strangely refreshing! You have to go! Oh, and you can bring your own wine...just make sure it's a good bottle. Justina's going to make a note of it if you bring a cheap one.
3	I had high hopes for Cyclo ( pronunced see-klo). Alas, it was not to be. Although the place is clean and classy and the prices reasonable, the service leaves A. LOT. to be desired. Both times we visited, the staff were unpleasant and downright rude. Too bad, since the pho bo vien (a delightfuul blend of slender rice noodles, beef meatballs, bean sprouts and herbs) could have been magical...
5	The food is superb... Hands down, the best Vietnamese food I've ever had in the west. Justina is great too.. Such a character... Don't piss her off though or she'll make you feel about 2 inches tall... Not that I know from personal experience ;)
3	I went here because of a lot of reviews said it was good.  Well, it's okay.  Nice for a fun date night or if that's all that was available to you.  I had the spring rolls... those were okay.  I had their pho.  It was okay.  The thai tea was nice.The wait staff was friendly... not the fastest, but having been around many many many Asian restaurants and their workers, I'm not going to care about the service as much as I do the food.I felt the prices were a little high for what you get, too.Do yourself a favor... have the pho or the barbecue at Yen Mi... and if you want really really really good pho and spring rolls... help yourself to a little hole in the wall on 19th Ave. called Da Vang.  HANDS DOWN the best pho on the planet.
4	Very cute place, in a strip mall, oh well, it is Phoenix.  They papaya salad, awesome!
4	I was there on opening night. Simply the classiest Vietnamese restaurant I've been in outside of the Bay Area. Definitely worth checking out! A little pricier than the hole-in-the-wall places around town, but you get what you pay for. If ambiance is important to you, it'll be worth the few dollars more.
5	After reading the reviews here, we decided to check out Cyclo since it's right down the road.  I can't believe we never went there before, it was REALLY good.  The food was spectacular, and the service was great.  It was affordable, and the owner wasn't quite as wild as we read.  She was energetic, but not overbearing.  We got there a little early, which was good because it got really busy later.  SPECIAL NOTE:  It's one of those rare places where you can bring a bottle of wine, or some beers if you want to.  There is probably some fee for it, but it would have made our date perfect.We had the garlic green beans (I would have NEVER thought of eating a full plate of green beans could be so scrumptious) , the curry/pineapple chicken (yummy and not too sweet, and finely tuned), and the Bun Sai Gon (Saigon Rice Vermicelli)...  all were A+ dishes and had very intricate flavor combinations.We had three dishes and the bill was about $25 after a healthy  tip.
5	So the first thing I noticed when I walked into Cyclo was the atmosphere.  It's very cool inside - there's a big painting across one of the walls and there's an old, retro-style light post in the middle of the room (think The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe).  The interior of Cyclo isn't very big by Phoenix standards (I suppose it's enormous by NYC standards), but it's certainly large enough that things aren't cramped at all.  There's good, mellow music playing at a not-too-quiet-or-too-loud volume.The menu has a decent number of choices, but isn't overwhelming.  All the prices are very reasonable - an entree will be around $8-10.  We started with Spring Rolls and they were good - the shrimp inside had a really good flavor to it.Then we moved onto our entrees.  I got Saigon Rice Vermicelli, which was a big bowl full of vermicelli and various meats.  All the meat had *fantastic* flavor.  I spiced the dish up with some of the chili sauce that was on our table and really enjoyed it.  The dish was a good size, although I can eat a house so it didn't quite fill me up.  She got Pho with beef (sorry, I can't remember exactly what it was called).  It was MONSTROUS.  Seriously, I've never seen a bowl of pho this big.  Anyway, the flavor of the pho was excellent - the broth, the meat...everything was just awesome.Then we got our bill for dinner with one appetizer and two entrees - it only came out to $25 and change (plus tip, of course).  And the food was awesome.  This place is a keeper.
4	I only got here once and meant to get back before I left town but just never made it.  I had the pho at the recommendation of my waitress and she was right--it was delicious!  I will definitely try to go again next time I am in town!
5	I live in the NE valley and a drive to Chandler is not an easy one...But knowing that on the other of that drive is a worthwhile is priceless.  Cyclo is just that place...It's a small hole-in-the-wall next to a Subway in a strip mall.  you'd probably pass it and not know it's there.  It's a hidden gem that a lot of people know about, but hasn't lost its integrity.  I have been there a number of times and each time loved it more...It's BYOB...Great!  Bring exactly what you want to drink...How many times have you seen a menu without a drink you want? You show up and wait...but, it's well worth it.  The owner is worth it alone.  She is fun, young and has a sharp tongue...Come ready!I asked her last time what she recommends or eats daily:  rare sirloin soup ( sorry, veggies! ).  I then asked how she eats it:  a bunch of Sriracha and garlic...WOW!  She was even cool enough to stay after closing and just talk to us about life, running and the restaurant she is so proud of...Well done indeed!I have two reasons to go to Chandler:  Cyclo and IKEA :)Worth every cent in gas....
3	I saw the reviews and wanted to try this place. I found it to be rather average for beef Pho. The only negative was the side of bean sprouts that came with it were a little old and wilted on the ends. I did like the place but I don't think it is above average. I don't drink wine with my Pho so maybe that is a plus if you do. The people are friendly and the service was good. The Thai Iced tea was good too.
2	Cyclo is over-hyped in my opinion. Two major set-backs for me is the rude and curt owner-hostess, Justina Duong. She is just plain obnoxious and fails in her attempt to be humorous and charming. She actually believes that she is a culinary standard bearer in the Valley.The other is based on several breeches of hygienic standards. I have seen stuff that made me cringe. I love pho and Vietnamese food beaucoup, but I won't return on foot, taxi, car or pedal car.Call me a Dinky Dau Long Nose, but I just don't get the appeal.
4	I had the pho and my friend had the vermicelli with grilled meat and egg rolls.  Both dishes were tasty.  The decor was cute but very dark for dinner.  The owner is very flamboyant.  One coworker loves this place.  He also says he was kicked in the head by the owner with her 5 inch heels and she threw trash at him.  Another coworker believes she is so rude that he will never go back.  I think the consensus between most of them is that the food is good and the owner gives a good performance. My friend and I did not receive a special performance but she does dress to impress in small tropical outfits.
2	I couldn't agree with David more.  The owner is definitley an interesting  person.  The more money she thinks you make, the more she will talk to and love you!  So tell her you are RICH!! (Sorry Didi C.) As for the food -  Ho hum VN food at high for what you get prices.  The Pho is very avg and double the usual price. They don't charge a corkage fee for  BYOB which is nice.
3	The food at Cyclo is entirely over-shadowed by its outrageous owner, Justina Duong.  If Justina was a gay man, she would make a great drag queen.  I think she's a hoot, but her outlandish behavior and brash comments do not work for everyone.  I have a very dear friend who lives in Chandler and she and I would go into Cyclo quite often.  My friend is married with three kids, but just she and I would go in.  She would always tell Justina about her family and show her pictures of the kids.  Justina really gets into teasing the customers and after a couple of years, she told my friend, "You crazy fag-hag.  You never bring your family in here.  You just come in with your gay friend.  You don't even have a family.  Crazy Lady, you just carry around those pictures to make your lonely self feel better."  Justina also plays up the Vietnamese accent.  She can be off-putting at first if you don't know what's up, but the floor show never disappoints if you're willing to play along.The food is good enough now, but it was better when the restaurant first opened.  The star dishes include Tom Rang Hat Tieu, an appetizer of shrimp on toasted baguette slices with a savory black pepper sauce that is plate lickin' good.  Another delicious starter is Banh Xeo.  It's a crispy rice crepe with shrimp, pork, sprouts, and lettuce leaves for wrapping the crepe slices before you eat them.  For entrees, Ca Ri Ga is a tasty chicken and pineapple curry and Com Tam is a mixed grill of a marinated pork chop, beef, shrimp, and egg over broken rice.  As a side dish, the Dau Xanh Xao Toi is a sublime preparation of spicy garlic green beans with chili and sweet soy.  However, the quality now varies.  The last time I went the pineapple curry was totally bland.  Even though I have eaten at this place many times, I didn't say anything because I didn't want to be bothered with Justina's reaction.  Instead, I haven't been back.  I have been into Cyclo when Justina was not there and the quality of the food was nowhere near the same in her absence.  My concern is that Justina has announced plans (yet again) to open a second Cyclo in the Valley.  This time it's supposed to be on Central Avenue south of Camelback and across from Brophy with a fall 2008 opening.  Once that place opens, I assume Justina will move her floor show to central Phoenix and I am left to wonder if the quality of the food will continue to slip in Chandler.Cyclo has a BYOB policy and some people are really into it.  For me, it's not a huge selling point.  I prefer not to schlep my own booze to a restaurant, but it's cool if you're into it.If you go to Cyclo, hope that Justina is there.  You're really going to Cyclo for Justina's antics rather than the food.
2	I was NOT impressed.  The only two positives were the no corkage fee for BYOB and the made to order lemonade.  The food was bland and boring at best.  My friend had to send back her pan fried noodles that tastes like sawdust.  I would not go back.
1	don't like, i ask for spicy not a jar of red chili pepper.  one person wating on 20 tables. you think about how quick you get serve.
1	crappy food and crappy service
2	Tried Cyclo about four times.  I really liked it the first couple times.  But this last time I went, I brought a friend along who had never tried it.  I was kind of embarrassed by the service.  The food is consistently good as is the lemonade.  Their new decor is nice also.  But they really fell flat on their face with their service.  It seems like the waitress only takes the food orders, one of the cooks brought out the food so of course he don't know who gets what, they brought mine first, then a few minutes later my boyfriend got his and then our friend got her food.  When we finished eating we had half of our food left over that we were going to take home.  We asked her for boxes and she proceeded to stack all our plates on top of each other.  She brought our check and my boyfriend told her that we wanted to take our food home and she says "sorry, I didn't hear you" and left it at that.  We were disappointed and won't be back which is a shame.
4	4 times I was there, the food was satisfactory. As a Vietnamese from Saigon, just came here for school, I have to say Cyclo is the one that is clean, in good neighborhood and still has the most authentic Pho. In AZ, most "authentic" places, for some reasons, are either dirty or in sketchy neighborhood. The clean and nicely decorated ones tend to "americanize" Pho to please majority of patrons. Other dishes are delicious, maybe a bit varied from being authentic, but still amazing: Pork Short Ribs, Crispy Rice Crepe, Green Papaya Salad (my fav, and pretty close to what you would find in Vietnam), Spicy Garlic Green Beans.At first I was surprised, and rather amused to find guests bringing wine here. I guess certain reviews molded this restaurant into a fine dining. While the place is quite chic, pairing wine with Vietnamese cuisine like the ones here is .... very very odd. Heineken beer perhaps, but wine? Better save that bottle for a French-Vietnamese fusion bistro.One thing about Cyclo that bothers me is they need to turn the AC lower. 3 out of 4 times I was there, our group ended up sweating.
3	I was having a frustrating day at work and couldn't care less about getting back to work late from lunch.  Pho had been on my mind heavily at that time, and I decided to indulge.  I read up on some places in Chandler, and this was the closest one to the job.This was a while back, but from what I can remember, the pho was good-not the best-but good.  They gave me all the fixins, the broth was just right, meat was tender, and the noodles were cooked just so.  The service was...interesting.  I won't say its bad, its just very non-chalant.  Kinda breezy.  I'll leave it at that.  And since service is so important to me, I had to give the place 3 stars.  The decor and actual building don't garner a comment from me.  I couldn't see anything anyway after the steam from my pho clouded my glasses up.  What can I say?  I went there for pho and got satisfied.  Not the best I had, but it hit the spot.  The menu looked like it had some awesome stuff on it though, however the prices aren't the greatest.  Honestly, I should try this place again and review it afterwards.  One visit won't give you the full flavor of any place, and this one seems like it has more to offer than what I required from it.Give it a try.
4	We go there often, including just last week. Justine has updated the decor, with bold colors and chairs that are much better than what they used to have. My experience is she has toned down her "sassiness" recently - along with dressing very fashionably she may be updating her image also.It was a Thursday, we got the last open table at 6:15pm. I'm not an expert on VN food, but we love the food here. The portions seemed a bit smaller, but I suppose it's that or raise prices. We usually get several small dishes - beef salad, spicy green beans always have lots of flavor. It's casual enough my kids - ages 5 and 7 can walk around checking it out with no problems. I can see it being the type of place where service may vary depending on who is working and the customers.
5	My wife and I eat out 3-4 times a week.  We have a hard time finding restaurants that consistently serve great food and have even better service.  Cyclo has both, and Justina makes dining an absolute pleasure.  We have been dining at Cyclo for 3 years and it is definitely one of my top five restaurants in the Phoenix metro area. Cyclo does not serve alcohol but has a BYOB policy that makes going out to dinner a whole lot less expensive.  I highly suggest eating here as it is one of the better restaurants that I have experienced.
4	I was told tonight that every person from Vietnam has a story.  Justina's is all about personalized service, oh, and a rough journey from North Vietnam to Los Angeles, by way of Hong Kong.  Some people may not like her or her style.  I thought she was funny and worked hard to live up to her claim that her food has a secret ingredient, love.  I tasted another ingredient, fun.I'm not Vietnamese, but I have a story about tonight.  I met a good friend of mine while here on business who had worked with a lady in Tucson who recommended her cousin Justina's restaurant in Phoenix.  When we told our server of this recommendation, the menu was snatched away and we were given "owner's choice".  Not bad.The Green Papaya salad was excellent, the heat tempered nicely with the Thai Iced Tea.   The shrimp on the side of the salad was also very tasty.The Pork Short Ribs were next.  They were very tender with a subtle BBQ sauce, slightly sweet and all good.A beef or pork (not sure) and rice dish came next and it was also very good.  The meat was tender and again, subtly spiced.  Not hot though.The main dish, a mix of vegetables, scallop, shrimp and beef was less impressive.  Finally, the dessert (not something I usually do) was excellent.  As another reviewer pointed out, they are a little known sensation.  I had the creme brulee (jasmine? not sure, but very, very good) and the mango with sticky rice (covered with coconut milk).  The Vietnamese coffee was also very good.  It is allowed to drip at the table, mixed with the sweetened cream in the bottom of the glass, then poured over ice.  It's strong and full of flavor.  I may be up all night.Oh, and as for price, this all came in at $58 for both of us.  I don't know if this is reasonable, high or cheap.  It ain't bad in general.  Those of you who do Vietnamese often will have make the call.I'm not in Phoenix often, but I will return to try some of the other menu items (Pho and other noodles for sure).
5	What can I tell ya...it's SO good.  Have lived right around the corner from this place for 2 years and have probably been there once a week (sometimes more if I can convince someone to go for lunch!) and have never had a bad meal.  Yeah, maybe I have made some interesting choices that weren't for me, but even then I could taste the flavors and freshness in every dish.  My favs are the crispy rice noodle cake (how do they keep the veggies from not being soggy, over-cooked messes?), the papaya salad, shrimp in black bean sauce, crispy lemon chicken, pad thai and the soups are divine.  Oh, I forgot the spicy green beans.  And the desserts - a taste sensation.  Justina (what a gem) has recently just revamped the place and it looks fantastic.  Hard to believe this hip joint is nestled next to a dry cleaners (which I don't recommend...cannot believe some of the racists comments to come out the owners mouth on a few occasions) and a Walgreens.  And hey, it's BYOB, what's not to love about this place.  I wish I hadn't written this review because now all I can think about eating for dinner is crispy rice noodle cake and Cyclo is closed on Mondays. Blast you Yelp for making me Yelp!!!!!!!!!!
3	I left my previous review after my first time at Cyclo, which was an awesome experience.  Since then, I've been back a couple of times, and each time both the food and the service seem to get a little bit worse.  At this point Cyclo is nothing special, and Anise and Pho Van up the street are probably both better.  Additionally, I read that Cyclo nearly got shut down during their last health inspection for some major violations, so that makes me a bit hesitant to ever return.
4	I ate here 5 nights in a row after I found this place in the summer of 2008. It was a very different kind of restaurant. The food and service was good and the owner's over abundance of personality provided the atmosphere / entertainment. It reminded me of Pesto's before success ruined them. A small place where the owner had their thumb on the pulse to ensure a really good experience. Cyclo's was also B.Y.O.B. which added to the uniqueness of the joint. The only reason I stopped going is, we had tried all the appetizers, desserts and most of the entrees on the menu. And it is too expensive to be a place to go for a daily fix of noodles and water. But definitely worth a visit if you haven't been there.
4	If you're like us, you bring about three bottles of wine and two six packs of beer for dinner (yes, we're the loud ones packed out at the big table.) Justina is great, always has an amazing pair of Nordstrom shoes on every time I see her and I feel like family when I visit her restaurant. The green beans are worth the price of admission alone (yes, I admit, I will sometimes order enough of the appetizer portions so I can eat green beans for dinner and nothing else.) The other options are delightful, too. Always a wait, but if you have a large party, don't hesitate to call the day of and make a reservation. She can usually fit you in.
4	So it has been a looooooong time since I have eaten at Cyclo and had an opportunity to have a little Vietnamese lunch so there I sat.... waiting for my friend.  The place looks great!  lively fun new interior.  I was sat promptly and offered water with a bit of mint (nice touch).  I ordered the short rib appetizer and crispy chicken.  My friend ordered the mixed grill.  The short ribs as I remember did not disappoint.  Succulently flavorful making me dream of taking a full order of them home just to smell in the car!  The crispy chicken had great flavor, but was a little over cooked.  (of course that didn't stop me from eating it.)  My friend really liked the mixed grill and loved the atmosphere.  Before I would have given 5 stars, but today a 4.  Don't let that stop you from trying though... It is definitely worth trying and I'd say a little more lively at dinner.
2	Didn't care for it.  Expensive, small portions, and mediocre cooking.  Go a few blocks west to Saigon Pho if you want the real thing.  But this place is prettier, whatever that's worth to you.
4	Very good. Cheap.  Too bad it is located in the seventh dimension of hell (aka Chandler).  I would eat here every week if it wasn't.
4	Its BYOB. The owner is hilarious. The food is really good. The service is interesting but not bad. It is what it is. Its not fine dining and your not paying fine dining prices so relax. It kinda ads to the charm for me. Good times...
4	Best Vietnamese place I've eaten at outside of New York City.  Maybe even the best Asian food I've eaten in the Phoenix area.And it's inexpensive!I would be a regular if I lived out there.  It's really one of the better eateries in the Phoenix area.
5	I've been eating at Cyclo for many years now and I have never had a bad meal. I always start with the black pepper shrimp and since I've switched to a mostly vegetarian diet the past two years my choices have narrowed a bit, but Justina always modifies the food so it fits. Over the years I've had pretty much everything on the menu and whenever a friend asks me what to get I say, "Close your eyes and point, you won't be disappointed". The Vietnamese coffee at the end of dinner is a perfect ending to any meal. The desserts are great and when I do get it I like the Mango Sticky Rice or the Creme Brulee. Both will not disappoint. Justina is a great and I think it is funny when people take her too seriously. She has fun with her customers and they should have fun with her. She can take it as much as she can dish it out so just relax. There have been some comments that when Justina is not there the experience is not the same. How could it be? There is only one Justina and once you get to know her you'll realize she is really much more than a crazy hostess. She is a really nice person. I hope you enjoy Cyclo as much as I have.
4	Wow~that really is too bad that this place was put on the Dirty Dining list!  But then maybe all those roach legs are the "secret ingredient"?  hahaha i'm just kidding.If I were to take the Dirty Dining aspect out of the review, I would recommend this place to people who are venturing out into Vietnamese cuisine.  The owner is very friendly and knows my sister and her friends pretty well.  Whenever we go in, she takes our bottle(s) of wine (gotta love the BYOB!) and immediately opens them up.  She chats with us for 10-15 min., and always takes our order.  When it comes to cozy atmosphere, this place is definitely at the top!The reason I stated that this place is a good introduction to Vietnamese fare is that I personally felt that the flavors were more suited to a Westernized palate.  Their spicy chicken dish (the name escapes me!) is quite good, but reminds me of Orange Chicken: it's not Chinese-Chinese, but Chinese-style American!Of course, the dish I always get is pho.  The broth is not as pungent as the broth you might get at the pho shop next to LeiLei's, but is savory and allows you to taste the basil and bean sprouts and lime you put in!I give it 4 stars because of atmosphere, the very accommodating nature of the restaurant owner, and the general cuisine.  I don't give it 5 because of the essential nature of the pho itself.  To me, pho is the perfect hangover food.  The pho at Cyclo is light and perfect for dinner, but not for the morning after a rough night!
5	Great Pho and BYOB. Can't beat that.
1	I've been to Cyclo twice. The first time was great. The food and service was really good. Pretty reasonably priced. Really loved the fact that you could bring your own wine. Went back about a year later. Again, food was great. The garlic green beans as good as I remember. Pretty good service. The owner was there again in another cute little dress (sorry, but I notice that kind of shit). Liked the check holders had customer graffiti all over them (more dumb shit I notice). Finished the wine and meal, hit up the bathroom before leaving. Only one and it was occupied. Fine, it's a small place I understand. Wait a bit, then our spiky haired waiter comes out. He gives me a shifty look, which I didn't understand. I Immediately get it once I make my way in and look at the toilet. Didn't even put the seat up. Piss everywhere. I was so mad. Unfortunately, the bill was paid and he was tipped by the time I came out. F'n disgusting. I hate to judge the place by one waiter, but feel like if they are gonna let this ahole work here, can't help but think what else they might be letting slide.  Sorry, won't be back.
4	The food is great, but it's a little more expensive than all the other Pho places around Chandler (and there are a lot!).  However, the green beans are absolutely amazing, a must have.
2	I was at a wine tasting recently with a group of friends and we began to talk about Vietnamese food. Someone swore that this was absolutely the best in the valley so I had to try it. Suffice to say I was disappointed. I ordered the seafood pho and while it was okay it definitely lacked flavor. I will admit that the black pepper shrimp was delicious but everything else we had was subpar and much more expensive than any other Vietnamese spot I have been to...I'm going back to Pho Van.
3	Let's play chicken.  Lots of chicken on the Cyclo menu, which based upon my experience at other Vietnamese places apparently isn't very typical Vietnamese...and dang it I'm allergic to chicken so I notice and dislike heavily chicken-biased menus.  Of all the meat and rice dishes only one is not chicken.We ordered the spring rolls with pork and shrimp - very nice, though I would have preferred fish sauce over peanut sauce.  Next was beef pho.  Also decent but nothing to make me drive all the way to Chandler (I was passing through today).  it was a good meal, and it looks like there are some other interesting items on the very small-ish menu, but I really don't understand all the fuss about this place.  What did Seftel see in it that I don't ?  Of course Seftel thinks Yelp is one of the worst ideas of the last decade so my faith in him is slowly being shaken....  Cyclo doesn't shake a stick at Da Vang or the long lost Pho Loc....
4	it's good, very good, but for a Vietnamese place, has a very short menu with limited choices.  And for the biggest knock on the place, no fish sauce on the table.  Huh?  Well, judging from the lunch crowd, none of the people that eat there would know what it is anyway.  Not a Nguyen in the place other than the people running it.  (joke for those of you with Smith for last name!)  No big deal.Pho Tai was very good, I love having green onions in the soup, but I doubt it is traditional.  The accessory bowl was short a few green items but all very fresh.  The broth very nice, though I think salty, but mmm, good.Service was excellent.  Ambience different than I expected.  Small, quaint, clean, lots of awards on the wall, which I'm sure are well deserved.  The spring rolls were very tasty, though not traditional with dried pork, but the crispy and very yummy grilled pork and shrimp were delicious with the right hint of mint.  mmmm.  Very good peanut sauce to go with it, though I'm a fish sauce fan, which I didn't get to try THIS time.  Next time I will.I also tried the preserved lemon soda.  Delicious!I think if this place was close by, I'd eat here a lot.  A nice Pho can't be beat and I would love to give their other menu items a chance.
2	Use to really brag about Cyclo.... don't know if the economy got the better of the business, or the owner is just gotten complacent, but I no longer go, or recommend it.  The portions have gotten smaller, and the quality has gone down hill.  One bright note... the owner is still funny, and sarcastic, which I love.  Get your act together, and put the shine back on your gem!!!!
5	I have never, ever had a bad or even mediocre meal here in the 9 years since I discovered Cyclo. Everything on the menu is fresh and delicious. My faves are the Spring Rolls, Spare Ribs, Garlic  Green Beans, Papaya Salad, Chicken Soup, just to name a few. Justina, the proprietor, is sassy and fashion forward. There are only about 10-14 tables so either get there early or be prepared to wait...it's worth it!! (it's BYOB so bring your favorite wine - no corking fee!)
4	Visited Cyclo on Friday night with a party of 7 and mmmmmmmm......mmmmmmmmm....it was delish!! Justine was the perfect host and of course, love the fact that it is BYOB without a corkage fee!We turned our evening over to sweet Justine and she did not disappoint! Everything was wonderful....spare ribs, spring rolls (love the grilled pork), green beans and the yummy egg crepe! Really good!For our entrees, we shared a number of outstanding dishes! Plus the food just coming and coming! It was a great way to try so many different options! To top off our feast, we ended with amazing Vietnamese coffee (seriously wish she would open a coffee shop - it's that good!) and a Thai Ice Tea! Refreshing, fabulous and I seriously could have had 4 more!!Because it is not the largest location, be prepared to wait, but it is definitely worth it! Can't wait to make the hike down to C-town again to get my pho on!!
5	Great. The owner just made us dinner. We didn't even look at a menu. No corkage fee on the wine. All good.
3	There are not many Vietnamese places around so I go here on rare occasion when I feel like eating something different... and spending a lot of money... yes really - it is overpriced IMOIt would get another star or even two if the prices were more reasonable. They do well so I'm sure they are not going to change the prices.Food: quality and flavor is good. Service: I've never has good service here. It is average, at best.Overall: unless I'm going out on business (and the company is picking up the tab) and the person says take me somewhere close by that is "different" I usually skip this place and spend the same $ on better places.
3	Not bad but I don't see what all the fuss is about. Thai Basil on University is equally as good.Kahi Hoan on Apache in Tempe is still the best but not as decorative.
4	Food and atmosphere is great! The owner is fun if you get to meet her. I love the fact that you can BYOB thus saving a ton of money on drinks.  I have had less expensive Pho though but the Pho here is great!
4	While I'm reviewing pho's, I'll give my review on Cyclo. This is where I'd take that cute Vietnamese babe I met last week. It has great atmosphere and the food is awesome. I ate here about a week ago and had their pho bowl and it was one of the best I have tried in the valley, I really loved it. The girl who seated us was really nice and gave an enjoyable contribution to the dining experience. Yes this place cost almost twice what I pay across town but worth it with the right company. My brother and I ate here and we both agreed we would probably not eat here together much but we will both be eating here again. AKA we thought this was alot better place to take a girl or a business associate than our fav pho in the area to have lunch together.  Cyclo has a more upscale atmosphere than the average pho and we both thought the food is above average.I don't agree with another reviewers post that the portions here are small. I had one appetizer with a pho bowl and left full.  I'm 6'3" 230 and like to eat ALOT and my brother who is shorter but heavier than me was complaining he ate too much after we left. One of the best phos in the east valley!
5	Yes, I'm giving them 5 stars. I know their prices are a little higher and people complain that it's more fusion than anything. I want to tell you why I love this place. Before Cyclo opened I used to go to the pho restaurant on Apache. I would get my customized fried rice-- chicken, shrimp, beef, eggs, and vegetables. They put a charred grilled pork right on top and I was in heaven. Justine worked at the Apache restaurant. What a character. I love her attitude mixed with charm. She has a good humor and fresh outlook on life. I always looked forward to her crazy stories. More importantly she gave great advice on how to deal with boys. Cyclo became my comfort food therapy sessions. And that is why Cyclo gets five stars.
5	This is my second favorite Restaurant in Phoenix (behind only Tarbell's) and receives consistently Phabulous reviews. I have had much on their menu and have loved almost ALL. I have become a "Pho Aficionado" and I love the strong flavors in the best Phos. Cyclo's Pho leaves a lot to be desired! Broth is generally too thin, although the service is beautifully done. Plus their Pho is expensive when compared to other "Pho Joints" that I believe have better Pho.Everything else I have eaten on their menu (and I have eaten most everything!) is indeed PHABULOUS, so I will just go elsewhere for my Pho Phix! Besides, I would miss NOT seeing Justina (Cyclo Owner) who is a delightful experience, not to mention the delightful experiences available on their menu, other than the Pho!!
1	What the pho, man?!The food is bland.  It tastes like they cater to the elderly.The prices are high for the type of food you are getting.  Nobody should have to bay over $5.75 for ANY type of pho.  I've gone there 2x and I don't know if it's just me, but the hostess there just rubbed me the wrong way both times.  She was cracking jokes and making comments that were borderline inappropriate.  They focus more on decor and trying to "entertain" their patrons rather than focusing on what's really important... the food.You want a really good, AUTHENTIC bowl of Pho?  Go to Saigon Pho on Alma School/Knox.  It's not as ritzy and refined, but the pho and other menu items there are less expensive, tastes better, and they serve you much larger portions.  Eat at Cyclo if you want to have a SEEMINGLY over-attentive hostess bothering you while you try to eat.  (I say "seemingly" because while you may think she's over-attentive, in reality, she hasn't even done as much as refill your water glass.)
5	This is not your regular DIVEY Vietnamese joint.  If I want that I'll go to Da VANG, where truth be told I'm afraid to go to their bathroom, but enough about that.  Cyclo has the best seafood crab soup! The spicy green beans are amazing and yes Justina is half the reason to go.  The prices are higher but the quality is BETTER.  There are so many things on this menu that I love.... the cake noodles are the BEST!
5	I love Justina, the owner.  She is super sweet, funny and sassy.  It's true that she has a wicked sense of style!  My husband and I had our second date here and religiously go about once a month.  We go for the AWESOME food - the Mint Chicken is my favorite although the Crispy Noodle Cake is pretty good too.  My husband also likes the Pad Thai here.  You can't beat the BYOB or BYOW with no corking fee.  I love the atmosphere, the music and how intimate the restaurant is.  This really is one of my favorite places to eat and I always bring out of town guests here.  :)
1	Why is this listed far away from its actual location. I can't seem to be able to check in herePros:Ambiance, Small Establishment (mom and popish... something I support)Cons:Probably everything else.This is my 5th time visiting this place and the only reason for it has been its proximity. The service has always been shoddy (subjective). I guess you have to be a regular or catch the owners eye to be given any sort of good service. As for me I got the "don't care for you" service ( even though only 4 tables were occupied during the lunch hour). I guess I must be becoming invisible.Food: Saw the prices and was a bit surprised (asian upper class restaurant?? somewhat of an anomaly, easily double of what you get in other Vietnamese restaurants. Thought to myself the food better rock for these prices). Ordered the mint chicken, what I got was a well decorated but bland and not seasoned dish. I had to put in heaps of fish sauce and oyster sauce just to make it palatable. What a waste of good earned cash and a bad aftertaste to boot. Hopefully in future this review will remind me never to visit this place again.
5	My wife and I just had lunch today at Cyclo on a recommendation from one of the best restaurants in Chandler.  It is a small restaurant right next to the wall greens.  A perfect example of don't judge a book by its cover.  We got there about 1:30 and place was surprisingly busy for a late lunch.  We were immediately greeted by Justina, which is either the owner or manager, either way very friendly.  I ordered the pad thai and my wife ordered the mint chicken.  The food was incredible.  Best of all Justina came by to check on us and informed us that they allow you to BYOB!  As soon as we got in our car she was on the phone with some friends of ours planning our next trip back.
4	Very good food.  The restaurant had a cool vibe and great artwork.  Was very clean and the service was great.  I had the Beef Pho and it was excellent.
5	Justina is fabulous! The food is amazing. This is a great date night for my wife & I. Love love love it!  We bring guest in with us and everyone always loves it!
4	I cannot believe it has taken me this long to write a review for Justina Duong's wonderful Cyclo Vietnames Cuisine.We visited Cyclo for the first time on the first Friday after a very positive review by the Arizona Republic food critic Howard Seftel.  The small place was slammed.  Being a woman of action, I stepped in and helped by being the "hostess" and taking down names for a waiting list.  Guess that helped me become friends with the acerbic but deep down sweet woman that is Justina Duong.You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  Spring rolls are compact but full of all sorts of meat and veggies.  Bun Hanoi and Bun Saigon are tasty treats full of fresh herbs and vegetables.  My husband loves this lemon chicken curry dish that to me smells like Lemon Pledge, but he gets it each time. the beef pho is full of flavor and comes with a mound of salad, unlike some of the other "cheaper" pho shops nearby.  i can't imagine anyone has complaints with the food at Cyclo.  If they do, it is probably that their judgment is clouded as they came on a Friday and Saturday night at 7 p.m. to a 14 table establishment and expected to be served immediately and be fawned after.  If you are this needy, don't come here and take up a table...we're waiting patiently to be served. :)
5	I love Cyclo.  We've been many times and its usually VERY busy.  Excellent Vietnamese food! Every dish we've had here has been great!!  Despite the poor reviews of the Pho, every one we've had has been good, especially the seafood Pho. The owner is so nice and friendly!  Its BYOB too!  If you like Vietnamese food, check it out!!!
5	The best food served up by the BEST owner.  This place is family owned and run.  Half the fun is meeting Justina and enjoying her style and sense of humor.  Order ANYTHING and you will enjoy it.  If you love Pho, then this is the ONLY place in AZ where you can get a bowl that lives up to the name.  In a state that has very few truly GREAT food options, this is one of the FEW that is truly great.
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants in the Phoenix area, and I've taken several friends here to share it with, both locally and from out of town. In fact, I would like to go there today! I love the Lemongrass chicken, spicy beef salad, Seafood Pho, and the garlic green beans.  I absolutely love the food, and the only reason it doesn't have five stars is the service. It's not terrible and they've never screwed up my order or anything, but it's not the greatest I've ever had. I recall waiting a few minutes with an empty water glass before I could resume eating because I was thirsty. I'd rather wait for a refill than not eat at this restaurant though.One thing to keep in mind, this place is small, and it gets busy, so if you don't want to wait for a table, go at an off time like during the week or for lunch. Dinner time on Friday or Saturday night fills up pretty quick!
5	Beautiful Justine, the owner, seems to always there in a slinky dress and 4'' high heals (Ole).  She makes you feel like you have known before you've ever met.  She is a friendly host and smiling all the time.  My two favorite things are:  - the long beans and  - the beef salad.  Although the food is vietnamese, it seems more exotic.  I never get Pho here, which is my standard at all other Vietnamese places.  I guess I am too focused on the items above to even ask about Pho.  You can also bring your own bottle wine and open it at the restaurant for a small cork fee.
4	Their Pho Hai San (Seafood Noodle Soup) is great! I wasn't expecting  to having great amount of snow crab!The broth is tasteful and delicately flavored. I believe their food is authentic Vietnamese, more american fusion type. The the owner, Justina is very friendly and make us feel like we are home:) And you should try their fresh squeezed lemonade! No one is able to beat that!
4	Your gonna love it or hate it.  This place is somewhat unique spurred on my owner Justine.  She is Sassy for sure and she reminds me somewhat of the soup Nazi.  She will pick on you, insult you, hit on you, and more in the same evening.  You will either enjoy this or feel uncomfortable.  The food is good and some of my favorites are the green papaya salad, Pad Thai, and Suon Non.  Bring a six pack of a nice Asian beer if you are going because it is BYOB.  You may or may not get your left overs back  :)The service needs work for sure but I have not found it as bad as many reference in their reviews.  I guess when you have a beer in your hand it is easier to wait or tolerate.   Enjoy!
3	I gotta say that if you have never tried Pho, you may think this place is the end all be all. It gets 3 stars from me because of the exposure it has given Viet food in the valley.  there are much better restaurants than Cyclo, with much better value and menus.
5	Fabulous food and sassy service - the perfect combination!
5	Delicious yet again! Pho, garlic green beans, papaya salad...they can do no dish wrong. The owner, Justina, is hip, cool, gorgeous and awesome! It's BYOB so bring a nice wine or beer...no corking fee so don't forget to tip well!If you're eating and there's a big line of others waiting, please do what we do and go across the street to gelato so that other people don't have to wait an hour.
5	Love this place! The food is excellent. The atmosphere is intimate. And Justine, the owner is a riot! She interacts with all her customers, and she has some serious personality! Don't forget to bring your own bottle of wine.
1	I agreed with reviewer, ' Ima yelp'.  What a rip off.  $12.00 for a small bowl of noodles. I find nothing special about their food that can justify double price.  Taste, texture, ingredient, serving size - everything is the same as other Vietnamese restaurants that normally charge between $5 -$ 7.00.
4	So my buddy brought me here as a get way from  he corporate world.Hmmm very orangy type of place and the owner well......very enthusiastic. The place is small but nice. Now the food was good....spring rolls were interestingly yummy and the noodle bowl i had was actually not bad at all (bun sai gon?) it was a big bowl as real Vietnamese restaurants do. They even had a chili at the table and not sirachi sauce...so thumbs up.
3	Cyclo is like the cooler, hip younger sister restaurant of Khai Hoan in Tempe (They are literally sister restaurants, as stated on their menu).  It exudes the exuberance of youth, but doesn't quite capture the authenticity and depth of menu that Khai Hoan does.  The interior is similar to a funky little boba shop, with lots of bright, pop-star colors and design, and those that are unfamiliar with Vietnamese cuisine may find this as a good stepping stone.  The menu is very limited, and portions are smaller than Khai Hoan, albeit more fancifully decorated with flair.  Prices are also higher.  The papaya salad I had was good, and had a good balance of tangy, spicy, and sweet.  My husband's mixed grill entree was decent, but the strips of meat were slightly overcooked so they tasted tough.Justine, the owner, was here and she is charming, vibrant, and always has a funny story to tell.  I do give her props for creating a more welcoming atmosphere for those that are usually afraid to try different foods, but for me, I'll probably head to Khai Hoan for my Vietnamese fix.
5	I can't get enough of this place. The food is great, the hostess, Justina is a riot, and because it is BYOB I can have a nice dinner with the SO for a pretty effective price. My wife loves the crepe, and the beef carpaccio is super good. When I'm not feeling 100% - the Pho lights my phire.
4	The pho was good and a generous portion, but compared to most Vietnamese places... way over priced. The owner is very nice and entertaining :) The spring rolls were decent, but smaller than most places for the price. It still beats anything in the west valley.
4	We really like this place.  I love the owner.  She is fun, smart, sassy and cute.  Always attentive to your needs.  I have been for lunch and dinner.  There are things I LOVE here- the green beans are SOOO good.  I could drink the sauce!  The Pho is amazing and I always love the vermicelli at any Vietnamese place.   I will continue to come and eat here.  It is probably the best Vietnamese food in the east valley with a good ambiance.  Bring your own wine if you want a glass with dinner.  Bring your Visa they don't except American Express.
5	The pho is fab... and the seafood with rice cakes awesome!
5	I only truly crave a couple of dishes and the Saigon Noodles at Cyclo is one them.  Every now and then I need to go in and get my "fix", LOVE IT!  The restaurant is clean, the owner oversees the place daily and the service is fast & attentive.  Give it a try.
4	This place is very trendy and the service is great. The staff is friendly and always ready  to recommend dishes. They do not sell alcohol but you can bring your own wine and they will serve it for you. A great spot for meeting friends. I love their pho....
5	my favorite!  love, love, love!
4	Still of fan of both Justina and the food at Cyclo.  Crisp rice noodle cake is great, the the green beans and pho are excellent too.  Justina could not be nicer to my kids, and she is always ready to laugh.  For those with kids, the chicken noodle soup and green beans are both big hits.
5	Great prices, just sized right portions with incredible flavors and the owner Justine makes it a lively festive experience. BYOB with no corking charge.
4	Love the Pho and Justine. I want her to be my stylist but apparently she's a bit busy. Fine I'll just have the Pho.
5	Best spring rolls I've ever had. Justina and her staff make then fresh when you order and they are always perfect. Never been disappointed by anything on the menu. Try the pho hai san if you like seafood!  Bring your own alcohol!  Seriously, I love this place.  Wish Justina had Cyclo restaurants all over the country. :)
1	First, they don't answer their phone. Next, they are closed between lunch and dinner. Finally, it is ridiculously OVER PRICED for the area and quality. $43?! I literally pay $24 for the exact same order at another pho spot very close. I'm not opposed to paying out the nose for great food, but it better be just that. And it isn't.
5	The first thing you will notice here is Justina. She is warm, friendly, and, if you show up alone, she will sit at your table and get to know you. I had never had Vietnamese food before, so couldn't tell what to order. Her recommendations were the Vietnamese egg roll, Spring roll, and the Black Pepper Shrimp with garlic toast. The first two were good. Although, my pallet did need to get used to the Spring roll, because I did not expect it to be a cool dish, I thought it was delicious. My favorite? The black pepper shrimp. It had the perfect spicing between the garlic on the bread and a little bit of cilantro, I definitely wanted more. Highly Recommended!!!
5	Great ambiance, simple yet elegant menu, and consistent service and food. I visit Cyclo every other week and it's always a pleasant experience. Plus, to converse with the owner, Justina, is a delight. Witty, fashion and fabuchic!
4	Addicted to the spicy green beans :) and pan fried egg noodles are my go to main dish.I have tried several things that are good here but love the fried noodle with beef, shrimp and scallops. Husband loves the Pho, fried rice is great, lemon grass chicken, black pepper shrimp all good. If you chose wisely, it's not difficult to eat healthy here too which is a +.  We love to bring people here for the adventure...if they haven't had vietnamese before and then there's the Justina experience. She's a little spit fire and adds a ton of fun to the already great atmosphere. BYOB makes even more affordable.
2	HmmmmmmmmmmFirst, lets get the food out of the way - it was ok. I ordered the pad thai and have had better. There were -only five baby shrimp in the whole bowl! It wasn't bad, but for the price, it should have been fantastic.Ambiance: hopefully, what we experienced was not the norm for this place. With all the f-bombs and unimaginative cussing from the painfully drunk table next to us AND the owner (she had to be the owner. I cant imagine an employee getting away with that.) it felt as if we had walked into a Quentin Tarrentino movie. I expected to see Christoph Waltz sitting across the room.  My sister had a headache when we arrived and it was only intensified by the forty year old frat boys. After awhile she wanted to ram her fist down their beer holes.Of course, that should have very little to do with the rating but, the fact that they were being encouraged by the establishment, does.Bad first impression.
1	My family went here for dinner and I am 100% sure the staff, especially Justine, was prejudiced against us because we were Vietnamese.  The Pho was mediocre and all the food we ordered were overpriced.  While Justine made her rounds to chat, flirt, and engage all her Caucasian guests, we were ignored and forgotten.  And by "forgotten," I mean, they didn't bring out our food until we reminded them we existed.  Yes, the greens and food were fresh. However, calling this place a Vietnamese restaurant would be comparable to calling Taco Bell a Mexican restaurant.We didn't care so much about the price as long as the food was good. However, since both the food was sub-par and the service was terrible, this is one place we will not be returning to.
4	Super yummy, cool ambiance. I had the Bun Sai Gon and it was SO GOOD. Can't wait to go back!!!
5	Awesome service. Try the beef chow fun and spicy garlic green beans, they are amazing.
4	Some friends of ours had been trying to convince us to come to Cyclo (pronounced SICK-lo) for a couple of months, and I'm so glad we did. All the food was fresh, and very authentic, according to our friend who has been to Vietnam. The spicy green beans were amazing, I could eat them like french fries. I had the pad thai with tofu for my entree and it was SO GOOD! The noodles tasted freshly made, the tofu was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, and the sauce was not overly peanutty or overpowering. My hubby had a giant bowl of pho soup, which he thoroughly enjoyed. I liked that they had so many vegetarian options. As for the ambiance, I really enjoyed it. The lighting, decor and music was happy and modern. We met the owner, Justine, and I was actually scared to meet her based on the previous reviews I had read on Yelp. Well, turns out the reviews couldn't have been more wrong. She is sweet and personable and she lightheartedly joked with our table. She gracefully floated throughout the tables the whole night, making people laugh and making sure they were taken care of. In my opinion, more owners should be this way, because it shows that they really care about their customers and their experience.BOTTOMLINE: I will definitely come back!
1	I normally don't take the time to write reviews on anything but my experience at this place motivated me to create a yelp account.  First, the owner was irritating and sarcastic. I almost wanted to tell her to leave us alone so we can eat. She must think she is something. Second, the food was average, I have had far better vietnamese food. Third, servings were small for the price we paid for. Fourth, this place is RIDICULOUSLY expensive for a vietnamese place. Last and certainly not the least... I don't recommend this place. Went there once and will never ever go back again. Bad place guys, not worth your time and money.
5	I've been a customer here for a few years now and love the food!  We usually get the pho noodle soup, banh xiao, and sometimes the spicy beef salad....all to die for!  I wanted to mention how sweet the owner is.  A friend of mine met me for lunch there with my very picky son. I was ordering a plain bowl of rice for him...and she intervened, lol...she told him she would make him something special that he would like.  He told her he liked chicken, so she went into the back and made or had someone make him a version of the lemongrass chicken cut into small bites without too much spice or seasoning...on top of rice.  My jaw dropped to the floor when he enthusiastically ate almost every bite.  She didn't want him to be hungry at her restaurant.  I just thought that was above and beyond....loyal customer for life!
2	I'm not a big fan of vietnamese food but I have found several tasty options in my travels. This restaurant had some of the best entrees I have had in a long time. It was plentiful and extremley good. This did not help the location and decor. When you go somewhere that is trying too hard to be trendy there are some expectations. The plastic seats made it feel like I was at a Burger King. That made me feel like I was over paying even though the food was real good. I would go back for the food but the sad truth is as good as the food is, I would want a better environment.
1	Pho ga chicken was dried out. The spring rolls were the smallest portion I've ever seen & the peanut sauce was watered down. I've tried eating here twice. I give up
4	The staff, service and food are AMAZING!The atmosphere is modern and no- frills nice.The seating is limited, be prepared to wait for a seat or take it to go if you hit during M-F lunch rush, but whatever you do, don't bail...this is a great dining experience.The spicy garlic beans are delectable!
4	Been ages since I went in and Justina was as kind and as gracious as if I had just been there yesterday.  The prices are going to be more than Da Vang or Khai Hoan, but you are paying for the hospitality and warmth that infuses the food.  You can bring your own liquors, otherwise the drinks available are the thai teas, Vietnamese coffee, salted lemonade sort.  I think the vermicelli noodle dishes are slightly tastier than the pho.  The spring rolls are not to be missed.  Give it a whirl again.  It's been around a long time now and there is a reason it's still here.  No need for reservations but remember that the restaurant is small.  I'd go on the early side to avoid a wait.
2	I would give this place two out of five stars. The service was so so and the prices were a little high for Pho. It was ok but don't plan on going back.
5	My boyfriend and I love trying new restaurants and especially something that is far from classic American cuisine.  The first time coming into Cyclo, we were hooked.  Justina is there every time that we come to eat and she makes sure to go to each table to either take the order personally or just chat with the table and make sure every one is happy.  I recommend going and letting her "surprise you".  We have yet to actually order, everytime we go she picks our meal and I have yet to have the same thing twice.  Everything is AMAZING.  Absolutely Mouth watering.  Cyclo is BYOB so be sure to bring your favorite wine or beer and enjoy the best vietnamese cusine you have ever tasted!All the staff is attentive and friendly , the artwork is local and beautiful and the feel of the space is inviting, friendly and just happy.I give it 10 stars!
5	Yes Justina is a foul mouth smart Alec and I wouldn't bring any kids in here but she is also warm and welcoming. She remembers patrons and what they like.Yes the food is expensive - especially for lunch, but the food is great, full of flavor and portions are large - I always take 1/2 my vermicelli home. Plan on $20 per person. Yes the service can be a little slow but the BYOB policy and casual atmosphere make up for that (although, the chairs are a little uncomfortable). I love this place and we keep going back for all it is and all it isn't. One time we didn't realize they close for a couple hours in the afternoon and walked in for a special celebration just a couple minutes before they closed, they put our beer and wine in the fridge served us and told us to take our time...they are good to their customers. Check it out but be prepared for what it is. Also, it's small and gets packed!
3	We love the restaurant for its food and atmosphere. Justina, the owner, has a unique style and she might come across a bit too eccentric and offensive for some people. That's her personality and it is part of what you get at cyclo. We go there once a month and find the food to be consistently good. One thing we'd like to see some new dishes once in a while. Our kids love the rolls and lemongrass chicken - sure bet. They have internet access, good for me if I have to do emails. Decor is great however I am not fond of the patio chairs. We can bring our own wine at no extra charge, which is a plus. The music is Ok, ambience and at least it doesn't hit you on the head like brick - like sushi room or postino. Cleanliness Ok. I know they once had issues with inspectors finding dead roaches - but we're giving them a chance. Service - when Justina isn't there is lacking. The waiter walks around with his iPod and not really paying attention. I've never seen this in my entire life. This is a big negative. Overall, we find this to be a superior Vietnamese restaurant compared to others in the Phoenix area. Most are downright awful so the bar isn't that high. In the end, they do score some points.
5	Love this place. Food and service is top notch. Priced right and food that makes me come back over and over. Try the short ribs and green beans and you won't go wrong. Don't forget to bring your own wine.
1	If I could give zero stars I would.  Stopped in for lunch. No one in the place (not a single soul), that was probably my first warning. I sat down anyway, on their hard, uncomfortable plastic chairs (seriously, the decor is very cafeteria like), and started to look over the menu. Pho for $10?? It better be some amazingly good pho! So I sat and I sat, waited and waited. The server/owner/manager/whoever that greeted me when I walked in had gone in the back and after waiting 10 minutes I decided to just leave. Give me a break. There is NO ONE in the place. I'm your ONLY customer and you're going to just let me sit there forever? No thanks. Went to my usual go-to for pho at Pho Van and had an awesome lunch.
5	This is a secret place that some people drive far to go to.  Great environment with colorful lights.  You can bring wine in.  Owner is a server and is great..
3	Food is great. Prices are through the roof. Hostess is usually high on something and uses the "F" word in every sentence. Also hogs the tables for annoyingly long time. We are there to eat not be your best "F" buddies!!!!
1	I really don't understand what the fuss is about with this place.  I had it years ago and thought it was horrible, but decided to give it a try again today with some co-workers. What a mistake!  First off, the food is horribly overpriced.  You can get a better bowl of pho at many other Vietnamese restaurants for half the price.  Taste wise, the pho was horrible.  It's all about the broth for a good bowl of pho, and it tasted like they just used beef broth from a can.  Additionally, the brisket smelled like it was spoiled.  Even my American co-worker thought the food tasted horribly.  This is the first time I have not left a tip at a restaurant.  It was that bad.  If you go to a Vietnamese restaurant and you don't see any Vietnamese people there, it should tell you something.
5	A friend turned me on to this place.   The food is top notch.   Justine is a hoot.  If I go too long between visits, I get withdrawls.
2	Let me start by saying that I'm biased because I'm originally from the Bay Area and I know Vietnamese food...This is not it, they're way over price and the quality of food does not make up for the poor service or the portion size.You're looking at a $13 entree avg price, which is already high - but they don't make up for it in flavor/taste.It took a while to get our food when two other parties got theirs before ours.One of the pork chops on our table was really dry. Described it as eating jerky!When looking around for the hostess to get our bill, she was sitting down eating with a friend.Like others I've heard great things by word of mouth... But I won't be coming back here at all.The good: It has a "wanna be trendy" little vibe to the restaurant decor. There was a diverse crowd when I was there. It's a small establishment, but clean.I'll keep it 100... When someone chooses to not talk to you in the native language of the cuisine they're serving... That's when you need to get up out of your chair and leave. That should have been the warning sign for me.Bottom line: Never hurts to try a new spot. But don't let me say..."I told you so"
4	Wow, what a mixed bag of reviews.  Seems to me that some folks happen to go to Cyclo when their low mental cycles coincide with low points for the restaurant and others manage to coincide their highs.  Either that or too many cranky people are going to a great place.  That said, we just got back from meeting out of town relatives at Cyclo, which has become a tradition.  Don't understand the complaints about the decor or the service.  I do understand the differences in reactions to the food since in our party of five, there were definite differences.  The pork chop and the crispy noodle cake were thumbs down, with the verdict rendered on the noodles because it was impossible to tell apart the different types of protein that were supposed to be served with it.  Two had the mint chicken which was given an OK, although the broken rice was a bit plain for both eaters' tastes.  I had the Hanoi vermicelli and it was to die for.  Incredible broth, perfectly grilled meat, great herb accompaniment.  So folks, it all boils down (pardon the pun) to what you order.  By the way, heard no f-bombs from the owner who was her delightfully sassy self as well as being an efficient server and a really snazzy dresser.  Friday night and the place was at capacity.  Still on my list of places to go back to, even if all too infrequently.  BTW, all those complaints about the pricing were just silly.  It's not 1952 any more.
5	This by far is the best Vietnamese Restaurant! We live in North Scottsdale and are always down to make the drive for Cyclo. We haven't had anything we didn't like! The owner is amazing and the rest if the team is super friendly as well.Need suggestions?... The Pho is Amazing! Want to try something different?.. Go for the Fried Rice Cakes with seafood, veggies, and beef! To start be sure to order the Vietnamese Egg Rolls, Green Beans, and Black Bean Shrimp! We always end our meal with an iced Vietnamese coffee. Better than any others. And don't forget-- it's byob!
4	Food was good! Lemonade was excellent! And the owner is spunky and interactive! Can't go wrong with whatever you order!
4	we had vegetable rolls, pho, green papaya salad, chicken curry, and fried rice.  I have had vietnamese food all over the country and this is some of the best. The only is extremely helpful.
5	Always a great time! Food is good and everyone is fun. If you don't want to have fun, you can try Panda Express and be boring.
5	After reading some of the reviews about Cylco I had to come back to write my own. Cyclo was highly recommended by several colleagues and I had to try it for myself to see what the buzz is about. First off, for all you who come from somewhere else...Like "The Bay" or "New York" or wherever you come from...? Just as a reminder you currently live in Arizona! I'm from Louisiana where there are also a lot of great Vietnamese restaurants, but who cares...I live here. My most cherished dish here is the X.L. Beef Noodle Pho Soup. It includes braised brisket, rare sirloin, rice noodles and all the fixings so be prepared with a huge bowl if you get this to-go. If you think 12 bucks is too much for this bowl, go to some fast food franchise. The location is relatively small and intimate with ambient lighting in the evening. Additionally this is a BYOB establishment so feel free to bring your own wine or spirits...Try that at other Vietnamese restaurants!Justine is mind-blowing and awesome in her own way! She's the owner and also works at the establishment. She's straight forward and not afraid to speak her mind so she's not for the weak hearted. When dining in, she makes her way to every table to ensure your dish suits your desire. I hope this was informative and most importantly...Enjoy your meal.
2	For those of you who don't Pho-know any better; this is pretentious Pho.  You're paying for the modern orange walls and acrylic chairs.  Stick to Pho Chandler.
5	By far my favorite Vietnamese food restaurant! Atmosphere is awesome, Justine (the owner) is fabulous, and the food is yuuuuummmy!!! I especially recommend the beef pho!
3	I'm conflicted in writing this review.  There are large varieties of unique menu items to choose from and the few that I've tried are fairly good.  The only complain I have is the owner and hostess who seems to use foul language from time to time.  The last time I was there for lunch, she drop by our table unexpectedly to chat and badmouth one of the customer who was asking too many questions about the menu then not ordered it.  My friend and I didn't know what to said then later left telling each other to scratch this place from our lunch list.
4	So far, so good, I had the veggie spring rolls. The wrapping was nice and moist, the filling of rice vermicelli, fried tofu, and lettuce was moist and delicious. The dipping sauce was also excellent. If I could change one thing, I would add some cilantro inside the spring roll. I wouldn't mind trying a main dish here.
5	I love love love this place!!  The pho broth is made with OX tail and you can tell. The garlic green beans ROCK!
4	I'm glad I read these reviews *after* I went there because there are some really (a) uptight  and (b) cheapa$$ people writing reviews and I wouldn't have wanted to have been dissuaded by them. Two friends/colleagues and I went there for lunch today; it was the first time for all of us. The decor was bright, fun, and modern...from the clear plastic chairs, to the orange circles and abstract art on the walls. From the moment we walked in, the owner, Justina, catered to us, exchanged playful, witty, banter, and peppered her sentences with a healthy dose of f*ck, sh*t, and other "fiery" language. I loved it; it's exactly how I talk and interact with people I know. She visited our table often. I didn't interpret this as an intrusion or her wanting to be "besties"; IMO opinion it was genuine attempt to provide attentive service and show us we were valued customers. I asked her how long she'd been operating the restaurant (12 years), where she moved from (CA), and what else she'd like to do in addition to or after the restaurant (I'll let you ask her and tell you herself). The food was great (though, admittedly, I haven't had a lot of Vietnamese food. We had the spring rolls (the wrap was a bit chewy, so not the best I've ever had) and the Hanoi and Saigon Vermicelli (both of which were amazing: flavorful and fresh). Overall it was a very fun lunch experience and I will be returning to try other offerings. My friends concurred.My recommendations: (1) Don't go there if you can't afford a $10-13 entree. That is *not* expensive and if you think it is maybe you stick to fast food and/or generic, cheap, run-of-the-mill places/chains; (2) Don't come with a stick up your butt. If you want to be "alone" with whoever you came with, maybe this isn't the place for you. Fine. Go find somewhere else where you can be antisocial. But, for those who'd like to expand their horizons and meet and talk to new, interesting people, have a convo with Justina; (c) If you're offended by swear words or don't appreciate acerbic wit, humor, and friendly banter, don't talk to the owner. In fact, don't come here at all. God forbid you get all butt hurt b/c someone said f*ck in public. We wouldn't want your meal to be ruined. Or next time BYOB and get drunk so you don't care as much about what others around you are doing or saying. For everyone else who likes a fun dining experience with good Vietnamese food, check out this place.
5	Everything about this restaurant is amazing! The decor and food is fantastic and the owner is fabulous - love her! We sampled quite a few things and while I loved it all, my favorite was the beef salad. Can't wait to go back!
5	This is a great place to go with friends. The decor of the place is great and the owner Justina is worth stopping in for alone. She kept it fun and energetic and did a great job explaining the made to order menu and helping us decide what to get. As for the food I really enjoyed the Crispy Lemongrass Chicken, Spicy Green Beans, and Beef Carpaccio. The Plum Soda was interesting and a bit strange [in a good way].I will be back for sure. This is what more restaurants should strive for. Fresh, lively, and with a high attention to detail. Having an owner running the front of house with that kind of enthusiasm for their restaurant is refreshing. I saw some other reviewers post that she may have used some salty language...f*ck yeah she did and I loved it. She read the table and was very playful and charming. This is one of Chandler's best restaurants. It is BYOB so be alert to that.
5	Justina is such a good friend. She always makes me laugh and makes good conversation. The place can get really crowded for lunch but the service is quick. I have never been for dinner.The chicken wings, spicy ribs, and pho are super good.
4	This is on the SOUTHEAST corner by the walgreens. Not the north east as the map shows.
5	I was a Cyclo fan when it first opened and I have been coming back ever since. I have watched Justina turn this place into a quaint shop with just a few plastic tables to the chic modern look that it is today. The quality of the food has not dropped a single notch over the years, and I cannot get enough of the Lat Na! Her pho and lemongrass chicken are also delightful.One of my favorite parts about Cyclo is that it's BYOB. Bring your own wine, she'll cork it and serve it up to you. Want to keep a second white cold while you wait for entrees? No problem, she'll put it in the fridge for you.Yes, Justina is a bit of a firecracker with the mouth of a sailor. But you have to appreciate that she doesn't hide who she is, she'll remember your name (especially if you had the audacity to ask for a fork), and she will greet you with a smile when you come back again! Cheers to many more years Justina!
1	Horrible service. Asked 3 times to order, asked twice for a knife and what kind of Vietnamese restaurant doesn't have meatballs for your pho?
1	OMG what is wrong with you Yelper's bragging about this place!  If this is the first place you ever had Vietnamese food you have been duped!  I have been there 3 times and I am done. Today was for lunch.  Cheap plastic furniture starts it off. We sit down at a table that was soaking wet and a older guy comes over with menus. Ten minutes later he brings us water. Five woman come in and sit down.  He brings them water. As he walks by I ask him if we can order. Nope he goes and takes the orders for the 5 women who of course get there food ahead of us and we now are there over 30 minutes.Simple food ratings-Lemongrass chicken Dry as can be and it comes with no sauce.Pineapple Curry Chicken was terrible.Lastly the short ribs matched the other two dishes.Other than the food runner the staff was not friendly.Never again
5	Best phone in town! Always piping hot  made with love and a great menu. Check it out. You will not be disappointed
4	Vegan, vegetarian and pescan friendly! By the gods it has amazing pho! The decor and music are hip and stylish. At night the low lighting with the festive lights is almost creepy. The people are friendly and most speak enough English to understand complex orders. My only complaint was that bean sprouts were not offered. The cilantro served was for one person not two. The limes and jalapeno were sufficient however. I always want more basil/mint but I'm just picky. Been to three pho places tonight. I'm glad one was friendly enough to serve all. A great restaurant. Although pricier than the rest. Worth every cent.
4	Great food, terrific service.  The owner is super funny and very thoughtful.  Go here!
3	Great pho! The service is excellent and you are well taken care of. However the owner swears more than most sailors I know, so don't bring anyone here with any hope of a formal or decent atmosphere.This place definitely does not meet the standard Vietnamese restaurant stereotype: VERY trendy (looks like an Ikea truck threw up in there). Can't take dates or family here due to the atmosphere. Pho is worth the trip, however and Justina -- whom I like to call Sailor Mouth -- is the price of admission!
