5	Prices are SO reasonable, for a restaurant located in near some of the most expensive hotels in the city. Milkshakes are perfect, so worth the extra minutes on the treadmill. Try the vanilla bean or the coconut. The brunch burger is delish if you like fried eggs and/or are hungover. I'm a big fan of the Philadelphia burger because the patty is completely covered in provolone.
4	Pretty damn good burger and very reasonably priced. Great location right of the strip and the customer service hit a home run. Didn't try fries or other sides but they looked well prepared and delicious. Give it a whirl on you Vegas buffet tour.
5	The burgers are a great value! Quality meat and great topping choices! You can tell this place has bobby flays name on it! The staff is phenomenal! Get in before people find out how good this place actually is! We had the brunch burger and the egg was so savory! Try the chipotle ketchup as well! It's bomb!
1	This Bobby Flay joint is good for one thing, rapacious pricing! The food is not only tasteless and unexceptional, they are charging 25% more at the Las Vegas restaurant than they are at all there other locations.  Go play the slots, you will have a better return on your money.
5	This is one of the best burgers in Vegas if not the best. The items on the burger are simple yet so tasty. The burger is flavorful and cooked to perfection. The price for the burger is really cheap compared to most of the burger joints on the strip. I would have expected them to charge a lot more. Defiantly a must try if your visiting or live in vegas.
3	So disappointing! Isn't Bobby Flay famous for his hamburgers?! We checked the menu online before visiting the restaurant. The prices are $3-$4 more than listed online. I ordered the crunchified burger, which the cashier said was the most popular. It was much smaller than the bun, and it wasn't very good. My $4 order of fries was overcooked. I would not recommend this to any of my friends, or visitors to Vegas. What a huge let down. The only positive thing was that the service was great, and everyone was so friendly and helpful.
3	Loved the burgers, just wonderful. I had the Miami, the wife had the LA. Loved the staff, very nice and friendly. And lots of staff. Loved the different sauces on the table, my favorite was chipotle ketchup. French fries were okDidn't care for the onion rings, because when I bit into one a lot of juice ran out which I thought was oil but could have been water. Anyway I left it on the plate.  I guess I am not a big fan of onion rings anyway. Not really enough french fry sauce to dip in. You must remember that it's a burger joint and not fine dinning.  The way it works is you order at a counter, pay, sit down and the staff brings you the hot food.  Remember to leave a tip for the staff, they are working hard to make you happy.
5	Of the thousand or so burger places on the strip, this is my new favorite, and I've tried probably 85-90% of them. My burger was awesome. Perfectly cooked, quality ingredients, great toppings, nice selection of sauces at the table, and most importantly, fairly priced. This place is nice, but much less pretentious than most of these burger snob joints that are popping up by the dozen it seems. As much as I love burgers of all kinds, the one thing that some of these places are forgetting is that it's still a hamburger. $10 will get you a great burger at this place that's every bit as good as the $16 burger you'll get at any other burger place with a celebrity chef's name attached to it.Aside from the burger, the restaurant was obviously very clean (less than a week old, it should be). It's got kind of a neo-seventies feel to it. I like the squiggly shaped bar seating. The entire staff was pleasant, polite, friendly, and helpful. Everything seemed to run smoothly while we were there. You'd never know this place was brand spankin' new. The music was nothing offensive, and played at a decent volume. The pistachio milk shake was damn good too. They even give you a huge ass straw to make it nice and easy to drink. If I had to criticize something, the fries (both sweet and regular potato) weren't outstanding. There are several different types of fries that I'd prefer to dip in their delicious chipotle ketchup.
4	Finally, a reasonably priced gourmet burger spot in the center of the Las Vegas strip!Located right next door to Pinkberry, BBP is sitting immediately in front of the Mandarin Hotel.  If you valet at Mandarin, you can walk right into BBP....only a few steps away.  If you feel like self parking, Aria will do the trick...just a bit of a walk.All the food is priced higher here in comparison to the online menu.  Not a big deal considering the location and prices of their competition, but just know and expect it.Once you walk in, your order at the counter and get a number...they bring the food out to you.  There are napkins and lots of house-made sauces sitting on the tables, so it's far from full service but with plenty of helping hands around to answer questions or to remove plates.On to the food!New Mexico Burger ($9.50): Queso Sauce, Pickled Red Onions & Pickled Jalapenos. This was very good! Initial juices flow out on the squeeze, the burger was cooked perfectly (MR), and the toppings added lots of flavor! Wish their Queso sauce was a bit thicker like their Mesa Grill counterpart....which this reminded me of strongly.  A pic for comparison :http://s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/Mgu4d11_d6aXxLxvExrz_g/l.jpgFrench Fries ($4) with BBP Fry Sauce. These were cooked well-done+...not sure if they are supposed to be that crispy, or if mine were cooked too long. The fry sauce is good, kind of like a mayo/chile aioli.  Wish they were seasoned a bit more like Mesa Grill's Southwestern Fries...those are delicious!   Or at least give us an option for a seasoned fry :)Vanilla Bean Milkshake ($6.50) with Whipped Cream. This was very creamy and rich...easy to drink! Wish there were adds like Nutella, Chocolate or Oreos though!So overall, a very good burger at a good price!  I'd recommend it esp if you are walking around on the strip :P
4	In Las Vegas, there is not such a thing as "too many" burger joints. So with that said, welcome Bobby Flay, and your addition to the Las Vegas strip. Thank you for bringing a decent priced, good quality burger to my place of residence! We have Burger Bar, Strip Burger, KGB's, BURGR, and many more I haven't mentioned. All of them have a good quality burger, and everyone has their favorite. I am happy to say the Burger Palace can easily be added to this list! Decisions are the hardest on a first visit. We went with the Brunch burger and Philly burger both crunchified. (Added homemade potato chips). A fries, and onion rings, and a pistachio shake. The shake was delicious and I will come back for that alone. I like my burgers well done, and I like when a place successfully still makes a juicy well done burger. I'd say this needed about 2 minutes less cook to be perfect but it still was good. The sauces on the table were great, but the real winner is the honey mustard horseradish that you have to ask for. All the ingredients on the burgers were fresh, and you could tell. The cheese was high quality and melted off the sides of the burger. I ate every bite, and was perfectly full. Also, they give you a points card, where every dollar spent is a point and at $100, you get a free burger. We spent $40 so within a 3rd visit you will earn that burger. It is free, so definitely worth it. Can't wait for a second visit, and this I would choose this place over at least half of the other burger joints in this city. Great food, service, and prices!
3	Since it's located within a walking distance from our place, and we had a good experience at Bobby Flay's other restaurant, Mesa Grill, we decided to have lunch there.We had Crunchburger and Carolina, with onion rings and fries. Taste was OK. Pretty inexpensive considering it's in City Center and on the Strip. Pickles were good. Decor was neat.We'll give it another try.
4	We had the Vegas, the LA and the Philly burgers and they were all fabulous! The burgers were juicy, the presentation was good and the service was exceptional! It was a tourist atmosphere and the restaurant was clean and unique. It was a good experience. Thank you!
4	Who would have thunk that Bobby's Burger Palace smack dab in the City Center on the Vegas Strip and not attached or associated with a casino would be one of the most affordable places to eat at!  Hat's off to Mr Flay!  Mind you the prices were on average $2.21 more than what the email menu I received from Bobby's news letter was but at $9 per burger that is still cheap in Vegas terms :)The location is mid sized but makes good use of space with cool cafeteria style bench seating.  There is probably room for around 100 people or so.  The ordering system is cafeteria style as well, ordering at the register and then having your food brought out to you.The menu is fairly basic other than the 5 or six gourmet burgers offered.  I think there was a grilled cheese on the menu, sweet potato fries, regular fries, onion rings, milk shakes and frozen alcoholic drinks as well.We sampled the following:La Burger: about a 1/3 pound super juicy burger served with your choice of cheese and a avocado relish.  The burger was tasty and filling $9.00.Crunch Burger: a cheese burger served with potato chips inside. My daughter loved this burger saying it was one of the best she has ever had.  You can "crunchify" any burger for a small charge.  $8.50Dallas Burger: a cheese burger served with coleslaw and bbq sauce.  Juicy tender and cooked to perfection this was a good burger $9.00Onion Rings: super wide cut onion rings in a light batter.  The rings were very juicy when you bit into them but didn't come with any special dipping sauce and could have used more seasoning in the batter $4.00Sweet Potato Fries: a large portion of tasty fries served with a honey mustard dipping sauce, could have been crispier but they were good $4.00Dark Chocolate Milk Shake: a thick tasty shake, but not worth $6.50Overall we really enjoyed this place.  The burgers are not the best on the strip but they are certainly the most affordable gourmet burger on the strip.  Stay away from the over priced shakes and you will leave here with a full belly and some spare cash in your wallet :)
4	Prime location (right in the front of the CityCenter campus), celebrity name recognition, quality ingredients for another gourmet burger spot right on the Strip without the extravagant pricing = Win, Win situation for Bobby Flay and his customers, especially those in the vicinity of Aria and the surrounding properties.If you have a MLife Rewards Card, show that to the cashier when you place your order and you will save yourself 10% right on the spot.  Instant gratification for the win!  And don't get too excited and distracted and forget about the BBP Rewards card, where every dollar spent equals 1 point, and you can redeem 100 points for a burger, sandwich or salad.  Not too shabby!Before I get into my review of the food, let me just say that the waitstaff here are amazing.  We are not in a fancy smancy gourmet restaurant, but that does not stop the waitstaff that roams the "patio" and the restaurant from delivering that much appreciated authentic friendly and upbeat attitude for all the customers.  Great job of selecting fantastic employees and providing top notch training.Now the burger.  I was going to get the New Mexico Burger, given that the description was very enticing, plus the flavor profile seems right up Bobby's alley of culinary expertise.  But I was swayed last minute by the little Burger of the Month signage where you queue up to place your order.  So I ended up getting the Canadian Burger (White Cheddar Cheese, Canadian Bacon, Maple Mustard Sauce for $10).The burger itself was cooked perfectly (I asked for Medium Rare, and it came out juicy and red in the middle).  Presentation was simple.  The burger itself was not large and definitely not pack with too many competing ingredients and flavors.  But I would have preferred it served with some lettuce and sliced tomatoes.  The sesame seed bun was okay, probably better than what you get at McDonald's, but it is not at the same level as a fresh oven baked brioche either.  But for $10 it really is a great deal for this neighborhood.I also ordered the Vanilla Bean Malted Shake with real whipped cream, it was good, but the portion was underwhelming and will set you back $6.50.  Personally I would just order two different burgers and be done with it and find dessert next door (PinkBerry or Starbucks).Other details:  you have 3 choices of proteins (Certified Angus Beef, Ground Turkey and Whole Chicken Breast), no vegetarian options, and at the tables you have condiment racks filled with your typical salt and pepper, ketchup, yellow mustard, and Bobby's gourmet sauces (Chipotle Ketchup, Burger Sauce, and Jalapeno Hot Sauce).  I tried all of the gourmet sauces and all were good, but I preferred the Burger Sauce the most.So definitely a great, relatively inexpensive spot to stop for a bite to eat as you stroll up and down the Strip or wondering inside Crystals or Aria, especially with the great friendly service (that alone bumped it up to 4 stars in my review).Review #6 of 2014
5	Only in Vegas for three days and two of those days were spent having lunch at Bobby's burger palace ! The Dallas burger was perfect! The next day I had the New Mexico burger again I had no complaints . I looked at other burger options such as Gordon Ramsey's and other pubs they were charging 15-20 dollars a burger and 7 for fries . Bobby's burgers are 9.50 each and 4 dollar fries . Even his beers and margaritas are cheap compared to other parts of the strip
5	Best burger on the strip! Don't pay more for less at other burger joints! Just cause it's Vegas doesn't mean you have to over pay.
2	Too expensive for a burger without fries. The service is good but definitly not worthed.
5	Such a cute concept , great location . Simple but good food . Loved the Crunch burger .
3	I had high hopes for this place, but they were unmet. I ordered the classic burger - I'm traditional like that - and it was ok. I was really disappointed that my bun looked and tasted like it had been purchased from the supermarket. I expected more. My husband had the Carolina burger which he enjoyed but also said that it was nothing special. For sides we had onion rings and sweet potato fries which were, again, good but nothing I'd have to have again. The only thing that I truly truly enjoyed was the coconut milkshake --- absolutely heavenly (if you like coconut) and I would definitely wait in line for that bad boy!! It was a lovely LV day so there were people sitting outside and the vibe was super casual and laid back. It is a nice little place to stop in for a quick bite when you don't want to put up with the madness inside all the casino/hotels. Would I come back? I might -- only because of that coconut milkshake and the minimal wait time to eat.
5	A damn good burger. Price is reasonable typical strip pricing but worth the money.  Staff is friendly and awesome atmosphere.
3	Burgers were great, service was decent... But maybe because I'm from SoCal and have been exposed to tons of these taco trick style burgers, I wasnt totally impressed. The burgers were somewhat small... At least as far as the parties were concerned and slightly on the dry side. =(3.5 stars for atmosphere3 stars for food3 stars for service
1	Great location!  Food bad!!!!! My burger was smaller than the piece of Canadian bacon on it for the February special.  Asked to have it crunch infield and add tomatoes and lettuce and burger came with none of those. Although the meat was good a much better burger is found at Johnny Rockets . Would never come back even though I love Bobby's other restaurants. Don'T waste your money here !!!
4	Terrific burgers at a fairly reasonable price.   New Mexico version was particularly tasty.  Sounds like there are plenty of other burger joints on the strip but at heftier prices and perhaps longer waits in smoke filed casinos.Service was also good, friendly and efficient.  Eating area was funky and nicely designed.  Makes for great pics.Why settle for mediocre Wendy or McDonald burgers when you can upscale for a couple of bucks and have a great burger.  Yam fries were nice option also. A bit crispy on a couple of occasions but still quite a nice change from regular fries.Note to allergy sufferers:  the buns have eggs in them although the first two times they said it was egg free.  We were suspicious as our son had a mild reaction on the first two times that we were there but didn't put two and two together as we were "assured" of the egg free status.   On the third occasion, the manager actually caught this and let us know that it had eggs and omitted the bun.  On another allergy note, our son also has a dairy/ cheese allergy so when his regular burger came out with s bit of cheese contamination, the server quickly dealt with it and replaced the burger.
5	First time at Bobby's Burgers palace and this  burger joint had great burgers and great service!!  Alex served us and he was so friendly.. The place got busy and he didn't miss a beat in making sure we had everything we needed at all times..It is so nice to know that there is impeccable  service still in Vegas along with affordable prices!!
3	I kind of go back and forth on this. I wouldn't say yay I'm a fan because I'm really not sure I would return. I might if I tried a different burger. We tried a turkey with chiles and cheese. It was pretty spicy but the cheese wasn't detectable. Someone else had the blue cheese burger and it had too much cheese! I think there is almost too much going on in these burgers and the flavor profiles clash in some instances. The french fries were not very good at all so that's where they ultimately lost a star.  We tried Gordon Ramsay's Burger the next night and while pricier it is a far superior burger.
4	Surprise, surprise! Bobby's Burger Palace is serving up delicious burgers, on the strip, and not charging crazy high prices! Is this real life?While they may be going for the "gourmet" burger category, it isn't quite like any other gourmet burger spot on the strip. When you walk in, there's a huge menu on the wall and a counter to order at. Unlike a lot of other spots that are full service, at BBP, you just order and they bring it out to you.There are several options on the menu for burgers. If you're not the burger type though, you can order any burger style but swap out for a different protein. Alongside the certified angus beef, they offer ground turkey and whole chicken breast. The rest of the menu features sides, salads, sandwiches and beverages. Since they're on the strip, they're also serving up beer and spiked milkshakes.I decided on the Crunchburger, a simple burger with double American cheese and topped with potato chips. I've gotten in the habit of trying just the meat every time I get a burger somewhere and BBP's was great. The meat was tender and seasoned very well. It seems like they are a little heavy on the pepper but I actually enjoyed it like that. I wasn't a huge fan of the bun though as it was a bit dry. Altogether it was a great burger but I'd like to see them use house made chips to top it. I could be wrong but they sure tasted just like plain ole Lays. It also needed a sauce but luckily each table has a few to choose from and their jalapeno hot sauce really set the flavor off.We also ordered The Half & Half sides with fries and onion rings. The fries are delicious. They actually fry them a bit on the harder side so they are a nice, crispy brown on the outside but still soft inside. I'd like them to be a bit saltier but they are served with a really tasty fry sauce anyway. It's a mayo based sauce with red pepper that is creamy with a very slight bit of kick. I think it would actually be really good on a burger.One of my favorite parts about BBP was several little signs they have up front indicating how they cook their burgers. I ordered mine medium, my wife ordered hers well done...they cooked them right and exactly how it says on those signs. To me, that's a great thing, it saves a lot of headache, and possible stomach aches. And even though they aren't full service, everyone was very nice and happy to get anything you need or answer any questions. To top it, we walked out of there for under $30. If you're on the strip and craving a burger, give BBP a try!
3	This cute place is between Monte Carlo & Aria. I tried the crunch burger and mocha caramel milkshake. The milkshake was great! Smooth texture, not too sweet, & reminded me of kona coffee ice cream. My burger was ok. My fault for getting such a plain jane burger. Individiually, the meat was juicy, buns were toasty, & not like other places with messy burgers. Their sauces, esp the fry sauce is pretty yummy. I'd come back.
1	Bobby needs to heed his own criticisms.  The burger had no flavor.  Hint: season the meat!    I know why they have burger sauce on the table.  The service was good and the fries were great!
3	"LA Burger" is pictured here. Burger was yummy. Loved the "Avocado Relish"! I was satisfied for sure, but definitely nothing to write home about. I wouldn't dream about or crave for this burger. The onion rings get two thumbs down! NO flavor at all and cut WAY too big for my liking. (Holsteins has the BEST, hands down!)Whole meal cost me $15 without a drink (just had water).All in all, I would label this a "quick eats" joint for those who don't want to spend too much money on the LV Strip.
3	Mexican chicken over lettuce super spicy!!  Very yummy but not really worth $10. Grilled cheese is definitely packed with cheese and the regular burger was ok.  You get a great view of the street and a prefect spot to people watch if you sit by the window.  Over-all we will return but will not be frequent dinners.  To far for the price
5	Burgers were cooked perfectly and the sweet potato fries were amazing!  We would totally eat here again.
2	I already know that my taste buds are different than most people's but I did not like the food here AT ALL.  You know it's bad when you're sitting there wishing you were eating a McDonald's Big Mac instead!  I've tried many other burgers in town - Gordon Ramsay BurGR, BLT Burger, Burger Bar, Holstein's, Commes Ca - and I liked them all better than the one I had at Bobby's Burger Palace.  Some of those burgers I might have thought were nothing special but were at the very least ok.  Even the burger I had at Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grill, which I thought had a weird taste to it, tasted better than the burger I got here, which was just "meh."  Didn't like the bun, didn't like the meat, therefore didn't like the burger.  Also, the vanilla shake I got was just "ok" at best.  I like my shakes thick but theirs was on the runnier side.  Definitely can't compare to the delicious shakes at Gordon Ramsay BurGR!  Or even Jack in the Box for crying out loud! :p  I tried to eat as much of my food as possible though - $40 for a burger meal for two and it's not even a sit-down type of restaurant?  Yikes!!  Note, if you get the combo of sides and choose onion rings as one option, you get only two onion rings!  (They are big ones though.)The place was already busy at noon on a Sunday of a holiday weekend when I went, and half an hour later just about every table was taken, at least outside.  If you do sit outside, they will bring condiments, napkins, and silverware to you.  Also beware of the flies/gnats out there.Service: courteous and efficient but robotic.  Give this place a try if you must.  On to the next one for me.
3	BOBBY FLAY IS THE MAN... I swear I drool everytime I watch him cook on the food channel. I was super looking forward to trying his new burger spot on the strip....... Meh. I mean I wasn't disappointed because it's not like it was terrible, but it wasn't as bomb as I expected neither.Located in front of the City Center next to Starbucks. Pretty casual spot; decently priced. I got the Philadelphia and my friend got the Los Angeles. Both were average... simple. I'd skip this and just go for Gordon Ramsay.
5	Quick Casual Restaurant. Why bother with Gordon Ramsey's BurGR when you can have a FANTABULOUS burger, wine or margarita to boot at Bobby's Burger Palace and sit outside and bask in the Las Vegas sun!  The burger choice is expansive but not overwhelming. The burgers are cooked to order and the combination of flavors is outstanding. Add to that that it is relatively affordable and won't bust your wallet. What a terrific dining experience! I'm Lovin' Bobby Flay right now!
3	This place is more like a 3.5 stars. Looking for a quick dinner before going out, a friend and I happened upon BBP. I wasn't super hungry so I ordered just a burger and iced tea. The Crunchburger sounded intriguing-american cheese and potato chips. I've put chips in my sandwiches before so why not my burger? The burger was super simple but surprisingly tasty. I think the quality of the beef really comes through. My burger needed a little something something so I added both ketchup and jalapeno hot sauce and it was perfect! My friend got an order of the sweet potato fries and they were fantastic. Probably some of the best I've had. I thought the prices were a bit expensive for just the burger ($8.50), but I later found out that BBP is so much cheaper compared to other places (I'm looking at you BurGR).I think I would definitely come back and try more burgers the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	5 stars for an awesome, tasty as can be dinner!Why can't other chefs come up with this?After noticing that Bobby Flay's swanky restaurant was closed for lunch, we were so suprised to find this new burger place of his!Prices are great, service top notch and the food out of this world good!The man had the burger of the month: Cheyenne BurgerSmoked Cheddar, BBQ Sauce, Bacon, Shoestring Onion Rings which he loved.The deal here is, that you can get any burger "crunchified" meaning with crushed potato chips for free, so do it, it's good.The kids meal was also amazingly good and a generous portion, great fries!I had the crunch salad, veggies, romaine, tortillas, white cheddar, balsamic and added grilled onions, and pickled peppers, also got the meyer lemon honey mustard, avocado salsa and honey mustard horseradish on the side.There was just so much going on in the salad, so many colors, textures and flavors, it was amazing!Prices are more than fair, burgers and salads are under $10, sides around $3, great deal, especially in Vegas!Seriously, this place needs to take off and be the next McDonalds, the enterior is super cool, futuristic diner with plenty of innovative ketchups, dips and sauces on each table, servers are cool, truely in love with Bobby's!
1	Horrible. Ordered a blue cheese and bacon burger medium rare and got a well done, tasteless abomination. I had a better tasting, juicier burger at an airport Chilli's today.The sweet potato fries were only slightly better.The chipotle ketchup and "burger sauce" where very good.  Won't go back and not recommended.
5	I had a Miami burger with a side order of sweet potato fries. I had ordered the Miami burger medium without pickles and mustard. It was delicious! The sweet potato fries paired well with Chipotle ketchup, in my opinion. I also ordered the Mocha Caramel milkshake, twice. It was that good!
3	absolutely nothing wrong with my burger.  tasted just fine. nothing spectacular either. i actually prefer BLT burger to this placei hate to be the guy that bashes price.....but it is not worth the money. and the appetizer combo contained 2 onion rings on top of french fries. and strip location sucks! it is not east to get here. doubtful i will be returning
4	This is THE place to go if you're on a budget. The interior is super cute and fun, with room for groups big and small. Burgers  are pretty big and you can "crunchify" them, which means adding potato chips. I forgot to ask for my Brunch Burger (Sunnyside-up-egg, bacon, and American cheese) to be crunchified, but my friends had to smash their burgers to fit it in their mouths because the chips made it so tall. I probably would get it crunchified and just eat the chips instead of paying $4 for fries.Both the regular and potato fries were super delicious! One of my friends got the regular & onion ring combo and it was plenty. Some yelpers are complaining that there are only 2 onion rings, but they're literally the size of my fist, so I wouldn't want more that 2! You can get a shake for $6 or spiked shake for $9. Only thing is that they're pretty small from what I saw, so I didn't get one. They also have like 6 different sauces, but NO RANCH! When we asked, they said a lot of people ask for it, so I don't know why they don't just add it in. Of their choices, I like the chipotle ketchup the best. Overall, I would definitely come back and probably split a burger and fries with a friend because I almost exploded after attacking one on my own. Happy Vegas-ing! :]
3	Burgers were good,  but the fries were cold and not good at all food was a bit over priced. The khalua vodka shake was bomb! Love bobby but this dont seem like his best..
1	Very unimpressive. Not good enough for the price. Get a carls $6 burger, it's worth $6. Bobby charges $10 for a $2 version of mcdonalds with frills.
5	See Tip ... Had the Carolina Burger with Chips stacked on top ... Mixed the fries and onion rings and a Coconut shake ... Expect to pay 40.00 for two but well worth it ... Great atmosphere Great Service Great Food ... Honestly this was the best burger fry onion ring and shake combo I have ever had...Ever... Tried all the sauces with the fries... The consistency and flavor of the Coconut shake was perfect... The meat was cooked perfectly and the overall flavored were amazing ... These should go in all major cities across the USA... I was in food for several years so if you need a franchisee for Denver let me know !!!!
2	Fries were cold and greasy and flavorless. Hamburgers okay, not over the top like we were expecting. Got our drinks after we got our burgers. We left thinking Bobby would be pissed if he would have had the meal we had at his place!
4	Great location. I live in city center so I frequently walk down and get a milkshake or burger to-go. Prices are a bit higher than average, a few dollars more compared to other locations, but that's expected since it's on the strip. Fries and onion rings are not great. Don't get the side combo. It costs more and you literally get two small onion rings.Try the pistachio milkshake!
2	Great location, great enough space, welcoming decor.... BUT...Food didn't impress me..I got bunless for I had given up bread for lent.. I got a Turkey Brunch (Turkey Burger with Fried Egg, Bacon, and American Cheese). Meat wasn't dry, but it wasn't moist.. I like my burgers to where a sauce would be extra flavoring. This burger NEEDED sauce, in my case, ketchup... Bacon had a weird taste to it. The egg wasn't to my liking, then again the waitress/cashier didn't really bother asking how I like my eggs.. I had to ask for lettuce on the side when my food came... Instead of being on my plate already because you order, pay THEN sit..To also add that waitress messed up my coworker and I's orders..Overall the place is just "ok"... I don't really care for it..
3	Menu online doesn't reflect menu at the physical location. I ordered the Brunch Burger with Angus beef cooked medium and it was just OK.  The burger itself was somewhat tasty but I still had to add condiments for better tasting. I did enjoy the burger sauce and the location is in a great area if you're walking up and down the Vegas strip. The setup in the restaurant was done and displayed pretty well very clean environment. Overall, for what it's worth I don't think the price equals up to the actual meal.
5	Bobby Flay is my chef boyfriend, in case you didn't know that.  I happen upon Bobby's Burger Palace when walking down the strip in Vegas and of course I had to eat there. They have a great menu to pick from and you can get any burger crunchified. Meaning, they put potato chips on the burger, and it is free. I selected the palace classic with grilled onions. Brian went with the Vegas and made it crunchified. Amazing, juicy, dripping with love, this burger was perfect. I know that sounds extreme, but it was in all fairness, perfection. On top of everything, the staff was extremely friendly and always smiling. Everyone looked like they love their job!  I am elated that we found this burger place and we will definitely frequent it every time we go to Vegas.  If you want an awesome burger and love Bobby Flay, then go to Bobby's Burger palace!
4	Everywhere you go now, restaurants are serving up quality food in a casual atmosphere.  Sometimes it's great (Chipotle, Five Guys) but you never really get that exceptional service you would expect from a full service restaurant, until now.  Bobby's Burger Palace is simply a restaurant serving up gourmet burgers that's not really a restaurant. It has a casual vibe that makes it relaxed, but you still feel you are somewhere special.  It's exactly the kind of place I love to eat at.  You order at the counter and servers bring your food out to you.  I was even lucky enough to have them re-fill my soda and give me silverware before my meal came out.The "Crunchburger" was my pick. To me, a juicy burger with a soft bun loaded with american cheese is my go-to and who wouldn't want some crispy potato chips on their burger? It was juicy, crunchy, melty all at the same time.  Flay's signature southwestern roots are hanging out tableside in the form of sauces (chipotle ketchup that was sweet & spicy, jalepeno hot sauce, and a tangy burger sauce).My fries were fried twice (the best way to make fries, IMO) and served alongside a chipotle aioli that I could drink vats of.  There are plenty of beverages to choose from (shakes, beer) but I opted for a Cherry Coke. My bill came out to $16 plus I left a couple bucks on the table for the amazing service the faux servers provided. I also want to note that when they brought my burger out, they took the time to describe all the sauces that were on the table. I feel like these people truly care about what they are doing, and that's pretty cool!  I have been to many burger joints in Vegas and this is now one of my favorites, and not just in Vegas.  Everyone should go and support this awesome Palace of Burgers.
5	Yummy!  Fresh and quick!  Was so good and quick service loved that I could take my whole family and we could just be in and out. Will definitely go again
4	I like the atmosphere but their burgers are regular. The bun and cheese tasted like the ones I buy from the grocery store. I ordered medium but the burger was cooked well done. The flavors on it are good but the fundamentals are basic.
4	Wanted a cheap meal that wasn't entirely fast food and deep fried. We walked by this place and were surprised at the various burger options (angus beef, chicken breast, or ground turkey as a base!) I got the Vegas which had vintage white cheese, red chile peppers, and BBQ crunchies aka potato chips. The chicken was moist and the flavor was great. It really hit the spot. My only complaint is I would have liked to see more veggie options, either more vegetables on the burgers themselves or a vegetarian option that isn't just a grilled cheese. The workers were all very friendly and polite and when I asked a lady working for the wifi password she told me they didn't have it set up for customers yet--but she gave it to me anyway! Very pleased and would come back again and try those spiked milkshakes.
3	Stopped in just for a frozen margarita. Tried the frozen pear margarita and it was decent and you could definitely taste alcohol in it. We didn't eat here but we did notice some "B" grades posted on the wall so I'm not sure if I would eat there next time.
3	If my meal here was a person, then that means they looked straight into Sodom and Gomorra and turned into a pillar of salt... Let me start off by saying I loved the atmosphere and the convenient location of the soda fountain. The interior is very retro-mod, and very stylish! Each table has an extensive array of unique sauces to compliment your meal.I had the "Bobby Bleu" ($9.50) which is a bleu cheese burger with bacon (I only got it because it was the only option on the menu with bacon beside the one with egg in it :::yuck!:::) It was delicious! I loved it, aside from the part I felt like I just deep-throated a salt-shaker. I also had the crunchburger option, which was to add chips, and I really enjoyed that along with the flavor of the meat itself.The beer battered onion rings were not the business... I seriously saw LUMPS of salt adhered to each piece. I only had one piece and couldn't finish the rest. These were $4 for about 5 pieces...The service was great, but I don't think I would be back to Bobby's Burger Palace unless someone's treating me! Haha. I ended up spending a little under $20 on a burger, fries and a small fountain drink... I pay about $11 in Los Angeles for the equivalent at Hook Burger, sans the potato chips.
3	Food way salty. If we come back will order burger without salt. Always fun to sit outside on the strip. Burgers are good $30 for 2 people. Had drinks and shared fries. The burger sauce is an interesting flavor. We parked at aria. So it os fairly easy to get too.
3	After a pleasant walk on the Strip decided to stop and try out Bobby Flay's new spot.  Great atmosphere and decor. Had the crunch burger.  Was a little heavy with the salt. Cooked perfectly.  Decent size order of fries that were very crispy. Liked the ketchup.  Normal priced for a Strip burger place.  Service was great.
5	We were craving a good burger while in Vegas and decided to check this out.  It didn't disappoint.  We had a crunch burger and a New Mexico burger with fries and onion rings.  Everyone was happy with their selection.  The fries and rings were crisp and we got plenty.  The crunch burger was delicious.  The double American cheese was so good too.  We loved the selection of sauces as well.  The casual environment was nice too, easy to get in and out.  We'll be back!
2	We went for burgers and margaritas. It took nearly 45 minutes for the margaritas to be made - after we had received our burgers and sides. My burger, asked for medium was way under. The onion rings were just a sack of oil. The prickly pear margarita was horrendous. We live in the middle of prickly pear country and everyone has a margarita with it... I haven't ever tasted a PP marg without any flavor other than cheap tequila before Bobby's Burger Palace. The thoughts I've listed were pretty resound throughout our group. The only reason BBP gets 2 stars is because my sister in law had a phenomenal milkshake. Otherwise, I won't be back.
1	Here at 4:00. Had the Carolina burger, onion rings and vanilla shake. Shake was tasty. Carolina burger was like biting into a salt lick. Now all I can taste is salt. The rings are poor, but thick. Wife had fries and a Bobby Blue burger. Said it was also salty but she liked it. I sent it back and complained to the manager. He offered to replace the burger, but my taste buds are all screwed now. Said he would comp our return meal but we leave town Monday and quite frankly I'm afraid to try it again. $38.00 for 2 burgers, 2 sides and 2 drinks. Yikes!Critics say the food channel chefs over season their food. There may be something to this!
3	My friend loves burgers so we ended up trying this place. Let me begin by mentioning what this place got right: location (City Center) and meat options (beef, turkey, or chicken breast). Considering these things, this place is inexpensive at $9.50 for a burger or $8.50 for the Crunchburger (double American cheese/ potato chips) + it's free to get it "crunchified" (BBQ potato chips in your burger); $4 for sides or $5 for half onions rings, half fries; $6.50 for shakes; $9 for spiked shakes. They also have salads and sandwiches.Brunch Burger:Bacon, fried egg, and American cheese. This was just alright. Plain, ordinary, nothing exciting. 3/5Vegas Burger:I got this with turkey and crunchified. 3.5/5Beer-Battered Onion Rings:The rings were huge and quite heavy. They're tasty and golden brown. 4/5French Fries:Real potatoes probably fried twice. They have a bit of a bitter aftertaste. Nothing new/ exciting either. 2.5/5Dark Chocolate Shake: This shake didn't taste like dark chocolate at all - regular chocolate is more like it. 2/5Black and White Shake: Chocolate syrup blended with vanilla ice cream. This is an old recipe and you just can't go wrong with this. 4/5The shakes were of the right consistency - not runny, not too thick. You have no options to be creative and add toppings/ fix ins with them though. The service was alright. The place is bright, modern and clean. It just doesn't have anything worth coming here over and over.
4	Ok so this is Vegas.  So nothing is cheap.  But the burger is out of the world.  Crunch burger with potato chips.   Bottomless diet Cokes.  Lots of seats.  So burger, fries and drink. $16.50.   Can get beef, turkey or chicken breast.  Enjoy people.
4	Many months ago, I saw a picture of the Bobby's Bleu Burger online and it looked like perfection. When I saw Bobby's Burger Palace on the strip, I BEGGED my man to take me there for lunch (at 10:30 am). Being the darling that he is, he obliged and we each had a Bobby's Bleu with Cheddar instead of bleu cheese, shared a side of half fries and half onion rings - or as we joked, onion donuts, they were HUGE. And they were served with the best aiole. I garnished my burger with the chipotle ketchup. It was AMAZING. Great service too.We topped it off with two beers and for roughly $35 were satisfied and happy!
4	Great place. The fries were awesome and my classic palace burger was delicious. The dark chocolate shake was thick and rich in flavor. Cool seating by the way.
5	Love the location if your looking for something else to fulfill your cravings after going to Nobu If you didn't buy a lot .These burgers are out of this world even though they are my 2nd most expensive burger so far in my life. The milkshakes rival (good way)what you can get in those great Highschool manned joints.The burger sauces are very unique form Yellow Mustard,Chipotle Ketchup,Jalapeno,BBQ and of course ketchup.Lines are relatively short love the atmosphere.
4	I had The Brunch burger. It was a perfectly cooked (med-well) patty with smoked bacon, american cheese, and a fried egg on top. It tasted really delicious but the egg was over easy (or less) and I would have preferred over medium.  I also got sweet potato fries and a drink which is all separate & really over priced, but hey it is Vegas. The only issue I had, besides the price & the undercooked egg, was the fact that I had to get up from my table and hunt down the staff to refill my drink. That is irritating. It would have been easier to refill my drink if I had ordered a fountain drink because there was a self-serve station. Unfortunately I ordered an iced tea and there was no place to be found where I can refill that. I would have given a 3.5 stars because of the ridiculous price ($16 plus tax) but since I can't do that here I decided to give 4 stars because it was so tasty.
2	I had the Dallas burger medium and my friend had the New Mexico medium rare. Who would have thought the medium would be pinker than medium rare. This place is supposed to be all about burgers but if it can't get the cooking temp right, then what's the point. I read another review that stated their server refilled their drinks for them. I had no such luck getting my iced tea refilled. Nota fan, won't come back.
1	Okay the burger was good but ..... The service was horrible, and $4.00 for 5 onion rings (really we counted because we were sharing an order)!It's set up like fast food (order and pay, then sit and wait).I saw the wait staff sending people from one counter to the other to place orders because they were "too busy" running drinks to tables.Maybe they were having a bad night but it ruined the vibe for me. The counter looking at the strip (best seats in the house) were filthy and the had the condiments sitting on the seats.  Nobody re-filled my drink and we had no silverware plastic or otherwise. The burger was good but at $10.00 it better be.
3	The customer service was very nice and the service was friendly. The burger was meat was overcooked dry and they add potato chips to the top of the burger to make it crunchy....big deal...its okay but I have had better....
4	After reading my review again i wanted to clarify that, compared to other places in Vegas the price of my meal was actually pretty average. My mind set was comparing the meal to one from my home town which would have been much much cheaper.I hope this helps.
5	Oh man, what a burger! I loved BOBBY'S BURGER PALACE! I went there for a quick lunch while in Vegas and left very pleased!I ordered the "Classic Burger, Crunch Style" which is double American cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion and the crunch... potato chips!! Dude, those chips sealed the deal. It was one fantastic burg. They also had a bunch of specialty sauces at the table. Bobby's steak sauce, chipotle ketchup, to name a few. I washed down the meal with a Stone IPA.My wife had the Crunch Salad with Chicken and loved it as well. What I also liked is it didn't break the bank. You order at the counter and don't have a server, so it can be seen as a step above fast food. But overall, I was stoked and would go back again.4.5 stars!
4	Bobby, had the New Mexico burger it was amazing! We also ordered a spiked milkshake which was also very good. Customer service was friendly.  We were disappointed  in the onion rings, they were dripping with grease. Was a little confused by the water cups on the counter for "tips" it looked very tacky. Don't think employees should be walking around on their cell phone. Last but not least, please fix the faucet in the women's restroom!
4	Food is just normal American burgers. I give it 4 star for it's convenient location and business hours.
5	Most amazing burger ever. So much flavor. Had 3 different burgers and sweet potato fries. We all had beef and shared all 3. La burger dalas burger and carolina burger. I expected a lot from this chef and he delivered :)!
4	This is a cheaper gourmet burger place in Las Vegas.  A burger is roughly $9 and fries is $4.  Quality is good.  Tastes great.  My kids told me that they loved the milkshakes.  Please note that this is not a nice fancy sit-down restaurant.  The setting and service are just one step up from In-n-out or 5-Guys but the food is better.I particularly like the sweet potato fries and onion rings.
2	Prices were decent. Burgers were good sized. Had the "Brunch" burger, which has egg and bacon.  It was way too salty, could only eat part of due to the salty taste. Shake was good but nothing great.The worst part was the cleanliness of the place.  Our party wanted to eat outside, however none of the tables were clean enough to eat off of. We ate inside, not the cleanest inside either. Used the restroom and it was disgusting!!!  I hope the cooking staff has a different restroom to use.C'mon Bobby, you can train staff better than this!
2	Save yourself the time and go to bachi burger.  The sweetpotato fries are very good but the burger was not awesome. The meat of the burger was cooked very well but the bun was not toasted and was reminiscent of a McDonalds bun.  I also did not love the ingredients on top of my burger. I had the L.A.
1	Called the place and horrible phone service from this girl named Shay or Shey however you spell her name. Got turned off right away and didn't even bother to place my phone order.They need to have a better hostess if they want people to come in.
2	I called for pick up order, I've got Palace Classic with Angus Beef, 2 Combination Fries, and Strawberry Milk Shake. Well Burger taste awesome~ but somehow taste like whopper at burger king. Thing that I am yelping them is Fries. Worst French Fries ever!!!! my combination fries was sweet potato and reg potato but portion wise sweet potato 75% and Rest OMG FF!!!!!!! Soggy, Old, just want to throw them in trash can.. which I did that.... shake is the only thing I like~ better than other smoothie places... service was slow too.. where I pick up the order,,, and got to wait like approximately 7 minutes to pay for my food.. seriously they need more cashier open ups! Well I hope this place keep up!
2	Really disappointing.  If you're opening a burger joint with a chef as famous as Bobby Flay, I'd think you should be able to get the burger basics pretty much perfect.  Not so.  My son ordered a medium well basic beef burger with American cheese, pickles and lettuce.  Pretty simple, right?  Not only did the cashier have a REALLY HARD time with that basic order (we had to repeat it three times as she tried to find their closest signature specialty burgers and then figure out what key ingredients she needed to remove-- nightmare) ... but my son's burger was medium RARE (not nearly medium well as ordered) and no lettuce to be found.  Also, the fries were all messed up--clumped together, leaving them inconsistent in texture (some clumps were raw while other fries were damn near burnt).  My L.A. turkey burger with avocado "relish" was O.K.  First off, don't say "avocado relish" if you're just going to place one sliver of fresh avocado on top.  That's called "a sample of freshly sliced avocado" ... and the turkey was not well seasoned as you might imagine.  My love's salad was pitiful (could have done better at a cheap buffet) ... but if you're not going to have a signature veggie patty at a burger joint, then at least have a couple of really solid salads with some decent proteins.On a positive note, the sweet potato fries were terrific (along with the dipping sauces) and the presentation was fabulous (along with some creative ambiance and seating design).  But, for nearly fifty bucks two sandwiches, a salad and one side of fries, I think I could find a better way to spend $50 on a much better meal in Vegas.
4	Server circled room for 4 .minutes with my food calling out a number different from the one they gave me. Apparently it happens often. Food was good, fries excellent. Very Pricey. Nice modern decor, inviting. For the same price, prefer BLT at Mirage.
3	Good burgers -not great- but good. A tad over salted. Good concept, flavores, and all burgers are cooked to the correct (custom) level of doneness. But I expect a bit more from a name like bobby flay. He could improve here. Plan on spending 40$ for 2 burgers , 2 beers, and fries .
2	You would think with a big name like Bobby Flay attached to this place, and more importantly a prime location in one of the most upscale spots in front of The Mandarin, Aria and VEEER, the burgers would be off the charts.  Not the case.  While the menu is creative in combination of options appealing to many different tastes, the actual burgers are not cooked to the standards one would expect from Flay.   Ordered a medium rare, and the temperature was bordering on medium / well.  It does appear they cook to order, but hard to imagine they haven't mastered the combination of grill and high oven finish to hold in flavor and moisture.  Buns were dry and "blah".  With a thick burger the last thing you want is hard dry bun -- makes it impossible to eat and get a full bit of the burger.  We also tried the turkey burger - stay away from that. The counter order concept and service was great, but hearing folks sitting next to us also commenting on how plain and dry the burgers were confirmed Bobby needs to spend a little more time in this kitchen if he wants to protect his brand from ending up in a supermarket chain frozen section.  Several other celebrity chef burger places in Vegas have way exceeded this place.  It is still new, so we could attribute this to the "teething process."  But it won't be here long enough if it keeps cooking these kinds of burger, even if the prices are very good compared to the competition.
2	So disappointing. Ordered the burger salad,the salad was good, the burger was raw and cold. My husband ordered his burger medium rare and it came out well.  The fries were greasy and Luke warm. A lot if $$$ for a meal that left us hungry. The wait staff were willing to help out and refunded the cost of the raw salad burger. I would not try this place again. Too many other great burger places in town.
2	Burgers were very good and service fast. We were not impressed with the thin black hair stuck in the cheese of my wife's burger. The staff were sorry and did give us our money back. Hope this does not happen to anyone else.
3	Convenient, efficient, and one spot above "fast food" but a gimmicky upgrade only and def overpriced.....welcome to Vegas!
1	HOLY WOW!  I regret having to post this review.  I went to BBP on Saturday May 3rd. 2014.  I ordered the Dallas and LA burgers.  The burgers were slightly above average.  I took my wife here because she wanted to eat at a Bobby Flay restaurant.  Well, to be exact, the bathroom is why I am posting.  It was the worst bathroom I have ever seen.  The urinal was overflowing.  I just pee'd right on the floor next to the drain vent.  Why? well, because it looked like someone had given the toilet a "spray-on tan" if you know what I mean.  I'm not trying to be crass, but I should have posted a pic of it on Bobby's twitter account.  I bet someones head would have rolled.  That picture would have gone viral due to the unbelievable level of sanitation.  As far as excellent burgers go...1. Ho-dads in San Diego (Single Bacon Cheeseburger ).  2. Burgers and Beer in Willoughby, OH (Jalapeno and pepper jack stuffed burger).  3.  The Grind in Phoenix, AZ (Nogales Burger ).
4	Very pleasantly surprised. I ordered the brunch burger rare my guy ordered the classic burger and the onion ring french fry combo. Seating is fun, staff helpful and friendly sauces excellent. the onion rings were some of the best ive ever had. the fried were fine but not nearly as good as the rings. our burgers were very good. only complaint is my rare was the same as his medium. I like my burgers one stop short of mooing so this was over cooked for me even though their grill guide said red and cold in the middle it wasnt even close. But overall we would go back.
3	I went there a couple of days ago with a friend of mine that wanted to try it out. We went for lunch and there was no line, which was nice. I ordered the Carolina burger which is cole slaw on the burger. I order my burger med well and the burger can out well done.  The burger was meat, cheese, and cole slaw with no other toppings. The burger was on the smaller side. Overall, this place is another place to take tourist money, and is not a good example of the quality food that you can get in Vegas.
5	So he took me to a burger joint for Valentine's Day and you know what? It was pretty damn good! I had the LA burger (loving that guacamole!) and a glass of red wine. Then we had a wonderful conversation with Emma, one of the servers, who was so friendly!  Yep, I think we'll be coming back!
4	The name of Bobby's Burger Palace reminds me of that TV show Bobby's World for some reason.  That has nothing to do with this restaurant or review, but whatever.My friend & I were in Vegas for the weekend.  We had plans Sunday night, but of course we wanted to grab a bite to eat first. We didn't have a ton of time, and since we were staying near Bobby's and Yelp reviews were pretty good, we decided to try it out.We walked in and the line wasn't too long. It was a little slow, but I was being indecisive on what I wanted anyway, so this gave me a little time to figure out what I wanted.  The burgers are on the gourmet (if you will) side (though you can get something more simple, I'm sure).  I opted for the Bobby Blue -- blue cheese, bacon, lettuce, & tomato -- crunchified (with potato chips on it).  I always order sweet potatoes when they're an option, so that was my side.  I wanted to try a spiked milkshake but didn't; maybe next time!After ordering, you take your number and can pick your own seat (They do have carryout as well.).  The decor is clean and bright; I really enjoyed the look of the place.  We sat down, and our food came out as ordered in a timely fashion. After taking a quick picture of my burger for Yelp, I dug in.... and it hit the spot!  The sweet potato fries were on point, and the burger was exactly what I wanted. It was how I ordered it (crunchified and well done).  The chips were a fun addition.Overall, we had a great experience and meal at Bobby's Burger Palace. I would gladly go back here.  If you're looking for a fairly inexpensive (compared to other places nearby), good, and quick meal, this fits the bill.  It seemed like there might be a little room to grow and the line did take a little time, so I docked a star. Still--I really enjoyed my meal here.
2	Sadly, our first cuisine stop in Las Vegas was a bit of a disappointment.While having two lines for eating in and take out is great.. if you are not manning the "take-out" line... you better have some kind of signage that points that out to people!Starting off 5 minutes later.. we ordered, I went with the original crunch burger, and the girlfriend opted for a more "spicy" option of the Vegas burger (when in Rome right?)We took our seat and enjoyed a bit of some great music, and the food arrived in a suitable amount of time.Not incredibly impressive for what we paid (almost 30 dollars).. my burger was a lame little burger with plain potato chips on it. I know.. Bobby Flay tries to paint it as more.. but it's not much else. The giant pickle is the most impressive part of it.The girlfriends was much of the same.. a pathetic little burger with a stack of BBQ chips on top... It was an interesting concept.. but really I feel like I could do it myself like that for much less, and might even taste better. My burger was just an unseasoned beef patty, and the chips just overpowered anything else with the amount of salt on them. Just meh.My girlfriend, a couple of bites in.. started to complain about the heat of the burger (spiciness)... and took the Fresno red chilies.. which (and I love heat) were uncomfortably hot. It hurt somewhat to chomp them down for her.. but we did finish them off.Overall just an over priced joint with average food. The one saving grace was the tunes playing.
4	I attended a Yelp event at Bobby's Burger Palace shortly after it opened and I've been intending to get back there.  My wife had never been there so we went last night.  We valeted at Mandarin Oriental and had a short walk to the back door.  The restaurant was fairly empty at 5:15.  The only people in line were Clark County firefighters from the local house by Vdara.I got a bleu burger and my wife got a Miami burger .  We each got an order of regular fries as iced tea.  My burger was done rare and my wife's medium.  My burger was very juicy--my wife's less so but that's what happens when you cook it too much-the way she wants it.  The fries were good and I could become addicted to the chipotle mayo served with them.  Service was quite good.  Different servers asked about iced tea refills and plates were removed in a timely manner so we could munch on our fries.I wouldn't do this too often when I have a better choice near home, but when near CityCenter, the MO valet option makes this a place that will be on our list once in awhile.
4	After attending a nearby Yelp event, a few yelpers decided it was time for a burger. I heard Bobby Flay, burgers and beer....I was sold! I was instantly impressed with the layout of this joint. The tables were in a semi "S" shaped style, which made for interesting dining. The tables were large and held about 10 people. The entire setup of the restaurant was fun and creative. No one walked away from our table a stranger. The line was long but went quickly. We waited less than 5 minutes from the time we walked in until the time we placed our order. I approached the cashier knowing exactly what I wanted. I was quick to order and to pay. The Bill: $22.16.....ehhhThe Brunch Burger - certified Angus beef, fried egg, smoked bacon and American cheese. I like my meat a little pink to keep the flavor so I ordered medium. The burger was nicely cooked but on your typical sesame seed bun. The egg and bacon was amazing, really who could argue with a fried egg and smoked bacon?? The burger was good but not the best burger I've ever had.  Not sure it was worth the $9.50, but I knew walking in I was paying for the name behind the burger. The Half and Half - you can order one side for $4 each or combine 2 sides for $5. You have the option to get french fries, sweet potato fries or beer battered onion rings. I decided to go for the the regular fries, with the all amazing BBP Fry Sauce and the Beer Battered Onion Rings. The fries were tasty, crisp and all around the perfect fries. No complaints. I was a little disappointed to only see 2 onion rings come with the half and half. I mean really, those rings were perfect and you're going to tease me with only 2? Beer - Miller Lite. Yes, BBP has its own decent selection of beers, drinks, wines spiked milkshakes and margaritas, I stuck to my roots and went with a Miller Lite. After all, they didn't have PBR. Overall, the food was good but nothing about it stood out to make my mouth water as I write my review. The staff checked on us regularly and even made sure we all had beers when we were getting low. Just because of the experience, friendliness of the staff and my urge to try more burgers on the menu, I will probably return.
5	Oh Bobby's Burger Palace...I've been dreaming of you since January, when I came out for a tasting with Yelp, and I finally was able to make it out this weekend, to try you out for real.  No Yelp banners guaranteeing great service...the wonderful anonymity of being just a regular patron.I had been raving about Bobby's since January.  The tasting that I attended with Yelp (my first EVER Yelp event) was so wonderful, I kept looking for excuses to drive down to the strip to try the burgers again!  I love going to events, but I always wait to review a place until I've been back as a regular paying customer.  That way I can review the food and service without any bias.So, oddly enough, after another event on Saturday night, my fella and I met up with a friend in town for dinner at Bobby's.  We perused the menu, and decided on our burgers, beverages, and fries.  The girl who took our order was sweet, and polite, and very friendly.We sat down, and within a very short time, we had our drinks:  An IPA for my love, a Cactus Pear margarita for me (where have you been all my life?!) and a spiked milkshake for my friend. (it did not bring all the boys to the yard, however.) The service was great, we were checked on frequently, but not too frequently that we were annoyed.The margarita was strong, and just as amazing as I remembered.  The spiked milkshake, though...WOW.  We had the vanilla, caramel, bourbon shake, and it was heaven in a glass.  Those could be dangerous!!The burgers came out, and they looked amazing.  Mine:  The New Mexico Burger: with Queso sauce, roasted green chilies, and pickled red onions:  I remembered this being one of my top two at the tasting, and this did NOT disappoint!  Spicy and delicious, with flavorful beef!  It was cooked perfectly. BF: The Bobby Blue burger: blue cheese, bacon, lettuce, and tomato.I'm not a fan of blue cheese, so I didn't try it, but judging by how quickly it was gone, I think he liked it. ;) Friend: The Brunch burger: fried egg, smoked bacon, and american cheese.  I did try a bite of this one, and the egg was perfect and runny, with delicious crisp bacon!  We also did the half and half, with sweet potato fries and french fries.  Both were awesome.  The boys tried all of the sauces, and decided that the favorite was the Burger sauce.  For 3 people to have a burger each, split fries, and an alcoholic beverage, it only came to $62.  That is SO reasonable.And now for the blasphemy:  I think I prefer Bobby's to Gordon Ramsay BurGR.  They were both great, but Bobby's just felt like a more authentic, tastier American burger, and for half the price.  I can't wait to come back again.
4	If you want a burger cheaper than $9.50 there is a McDonalds across the street just south of this. WARNING: Most time you get what you pay for. BBP is a franchise now. Hope this does not degrade the quality of the product over the long haul. For now, the one we have on the east coast that I frequent and this one both serve a #1 burger, so consistency is good in this case. I love the slathered on Avocado relish L.A. Burger. Nothing else needed; no ketchup, mustard or other sauce to muddy the taste the chef designed. I wanted to try a "Spiked Milkshake" but that sounded like a stand-a-lone meal order or a good hangover cure type order, price $9 bucks. Next time perhaps. There was no line when I ordered but by the time I left, about 20 minutes, the line was out the door, at noon. Plan ahead.
5	New Mexico burger!!!! Always wit vainilla milk shake and sweet potato fries.The best
3	Pros:  Burger had great flavor.  Loved the various saucesCons:  Fries limp and cold.  Service poorWe placed our order at the counter and had a seat.  A fairly long wait to get the food given the place was not busy.  When it comes, it was all messed up (missing food, wrong food).I ordered a Bobby Blue burger and my wife the burger with egg.  Burgers were great.  However, my side of half and half fries and onion rings consisted of a bunch of fries and 2 little onion rings.  Bobby does not do math I guess because I think it should be called the 90/10 side (90 percent fries).And even worse the fries were soggy and cold.  Plus, they seem like they had already been re-heated a few times judging by their dark brown color.
4	The burger was very good as well as the fries. The menu is creative and diverse. There are many options for getting a good burger on the strip, and this is one of them. I would definitely go back again.
4	My wife and I are big fans of Chef B. Flay. We have had several meals at Mesa Grill in Las Vegas before moving here. Being from The San Francisco bay area, we haven't traveled to NYC to try his other restaurants. We were pleased to discover that he was opening a Bobby's Burger Palace on the Strip. We made our way into the spot, located on the Las Vegas Blvd (Strip) in front of the Aria hotel and casino at Harmon Blvd.  We were smart and went in on a weekday afternoon between lunch and dinner. There was plenty of seating, and the decor was as expected of Chef Flay. I would say our first visit was within the first few weeks of opening. As expected the menu was big, bold, and easy to read and make a decision.  My wife ordered the New Mexico burger, I had the Carolina burger. We ordered the sweet potato fries, and I tried a dark chocolate shake. The burgers- 5 stars, perfectly cooked, great condiment pairings. The fries were very good, the Honey Mustard Horseradish sauce for the fries could make a flip flop tasty. The shake was amazing...the flavor was rich, bold, and pure chocolate heaven. Our first visit was 4.5 stars!  Last month a good friend flew in for a afternoon between stops, I picked him up and we only had time for a quick bite, then back to the airport. I told him he had to try these burgers. Again the wife and I, our friend headed to the strip. The restaurant was far busier than our first visit, still plenty of seating.   The burgers and fries again were a 5/5 stars. Our friend was pleased and also impressed with the quality of food.  The 1 star deduction is 100% related to service and dining room this time. The server who took our order did not look pleased to be employed in this day of economic status. She was distracted, in a horrible mood, and was not paying attention to the customers. Her appearance was frumpy (dumpy) very lazy. The dining room floor was quite messy, and there was plenty of staff working that could have spot swept the floor. I will say the tables were clean, the table top condiments were full and clean. I just observed the floors were covered in debris.   If you want a quality burger experience, then head to Bobby's Burger Palace! You will not be disapointed...Its pricy for a burger, but you taste that quality, and I have no problem paying for GOOD food. Thank you Chef Flay, we are hoping for a Bar American to launch in Vegas...hint hint
3	Disappointed. I'm only giving this a 3 because the food was decent. When we ordered at the counter two servers went back and forth in front of us about why there were no strawberry milkshakes, which is what we ordered... So we told them we didn't want the milk shake and after he rang us up we asked for an itemized receipt because the bill was high. As he handed us the receipt he admitted to charging us for the milkshake still! If we hadn't asked we wouldn't have gotten charged for it! The burgers were decent but both mine and my husbands were under cooked. I had to send mine back and didn't get a new one until my husband was almost done with his. Also we ordered the half and half of French fries and onion rings... We only got 2 onion rings... I won't be going back.
1	Mediocre at best, cafeteria style taste, nothing special. The fries, pickle, and milkshake outshined the burger completely.
5	Tried this place out because I had a craving for burgers and I was NOT disappointed. The burgers were moist and very, very yummy. Had the Chicago burger and ordered some regular fries on the side. I also had lemonade to drink which is also very yummy. It does not taste like the one you get from the soda machines- it actually tasted like real lemonade.along with ketchup, they had different types of sauces to try out. I didn't fancy any of them at the time so I stuck with ketchup. If you have a craving for burgers, come here. It's way better than Ramsey's BURGR place and fairly more affordable as well.
3	We were expecting a pretty decent burger since Bobby Flay's name is on it, but ended up quite disappointed. The fried egg on my brunch burger was overdone. I was expecting the egg dripping out when I cut it, no, yolk is cooked. The buns were flat like those you buy from the grocery stores. Need to put those chipotle and jalapeno sauces to get more seasoning. The salad would be better if it has more dressing, totally under dressed. For the price, we prefer Bachi Burger, that is where we will go again next time instead.
2	I LOVE the food network and bobby.....but my husband and I were left wanting more in flavor town after our recent trip...fries were good, shake super good, burger eh(unfortunately I've made better, and this is Bobby's "thing") if you want a great burger check out bochi burger thanks triple d for the tip! Anyways super clean, service was OK but as far as food nothing I would ever crave(especially a splurge during bikini season; )) . Give it a whirl yourself and form your own opinion but I hope mine helped!
2	Tried it for the first time and had the classics and loved it.  Went back a second time and was really disappointed.  Both times we visited we noticed workers sitting at the counter eating their food or having a break.  Several times one of the "servers" got up from eating his food to serve food to guests.  Never washed his hands between eating his food and serving others theirs.   Gross.   Both times ordered ice tea and had to ask for refills as they don't provide tea by the soda fountains.  "Waiter" seemed irritated that we asked for refills and we never got them.  I was so excited to try this place but wouldn't recommend.  Go to any other burger joint on the strip.  There are a ton of options.
4	Great casual atmosphere and good burger selection to touch everyone's tastebuds.  We got the Vegas and the LA.  Enjoyed both.  If you like milkshakes, the Bourbon Carmel shake was worth it!!
3	Not really a burger palace.  You can't add another patty, make your own burger or have different types of meats.Food is a bit pricey, pretty basic menu and honestly I would rather go to five guys.
3	We were on vacation in Vegas and picked this restaurant for the name - it should have been great.  The burger was good and the sauces great, but the bun on one was soggy and the bun on another one was dry.  The onion rings were just o.k.   The milk shake was good, but we didn't get it until half was through our meal.  By the way, we were only one of three tables in the place, so you can't say they were really busy.  The service was borderline - the place wasn't particularly clean and the help wasn't very welcoming.  Overall, I probably wouldn't try again.
5	Amazing. You can actually taste the beef in their burger. Great seasoning. Had the New Mexico burger (crunchified). It was great. Heat. The cheese, the pickled red onions were a perfect compliment to the green chilis. Ordered a Mesa margarita.  Perfect. The fry sauce was perfect.
3	Burgers are good, but i expected more when Bobbys Flay name is on it. Price is very reasonable compared to the other burger places in Vegas. Had the philly burger and onion rings and it was tasty
4	Solid burger. Not going to wow you, but it'll do the trick if you don't want to spend $100 on dinner.
4	Smells are wonderful, decor is fun & unusual, service is excellent for the most part! Had I not gotten burned with my first bite of my Turkey Burger (and/or had the manger on duty offered something more than ice which I already had in my cup of water and therefore was putting it on my hand and face to avoid blistering) I would have given this place 5 Stars,Everything was delicious!Everyone seemed genuine and loving their job!I would definitely return.
4	I am so glad their is a Bobby's Burger Palace on the west coast.  The food was really good.  I did the blue cheese burger with bacon but had it on a salad instead of on a bun.  It was good way to do no carbs.  My mom had the grilled cheese sandwich which she enjoyed.  We also did a fries/onion ring combo.  The onion rings were a bit big but tasty.  The fries were good too.  The burger was a bit too heavily spiced with pepper but that was my only issue.  Otherwise the food was really good and I will try it again.  Staff was super friendly.  Loved the way the seats are set up in the store.
1	Burgers are good but that's what you expect with bobbys name on the door. The place was pretty empty with about 10 customers and about 12 employees just standing around. The service was less than mediocre. Brianna who brought our food knocked my sons drink all over him and didn't have the courtesy to apologize. In fact she said she didn't do it when clearly she did if other customers said they saw her do it. It was obvious that there wasn't supervisor presence in the establishment. It's going to take customer service for this place to survive on the strip. You get what you pay for here. Good burgers and no customer service. This proves it is is hard to find good help! I expect more from bobby flay.
4	I was very skeptical about going here as the "celebrity chef" restaurants always seem to disappoint. To my surprise, it was actually very good! I got the "Dallas Burger" and although a bit messy, it was definately yummy! The decor is cool and modern. The service was fast.....you order, pay, & then take a seat. Great location as well, right on the strip!
5	We ate here on a Thursday night. The place looks super modern inside, the service was great and the food even better. Will definitely eat there again,
5	I was very impressed with the flavors served at Bobby's! I had the goat cheese burger with the sweet potato fries! I cannot wait to go back & I've been telling all my friends to go too!
5	Best burgers in Vegas! We are locals and have been here many times since opening and will continue to come back. Thanks for great everything
1	I am still in a state of shock! First of all let me begin by saying that I am a long time yelp user although I have never contributed to any reviews before. Tonight, I went to Bobby's Burger after reading scores of positive reviews, and the fact that I was starving and my brother who works across the street was waiting for me to pick him up. I also want to add that the the burger and fries that I was having was absolutely fantastic!! It all started going down hill as I was finishing around half my blu cheese burger when I needed a refill on my soda, so I got up to get my self refill and by the time that I got back all of my food was taken away by one of the servers!! When I got back to the table another server saw the look of astonishment on my face and asked me what the problem was so I explained and at least he offered to cook me another burger but at that point I was already getting texts that my brother was waiting for me so to wait again for another cooked burger and then to sit down and eat again was not an option!! I even made a complaint to the cashier and he just gave me the "oh well" look. Needless to say that I left very upset after paying over $17 for what really was a great burger and not being able to enjoy it, I honestly felt (and told the cashier) that I was being rushed out of the restaurant as I thought maybe they were closing and just wanted to rush me out.Honestly, like I said before, the burger tasted great but now I'm not sure if I would return to this establishment again and if I do, either I would need to carry my 1/2 eaten burger and fries with me to refill my drink or sit right next to the soda fountain.I am so upset!
2	Everything was very salty. So salty you couldn't taste anything else. The burgers, fries, onion rings...all incredibly salty. The only redeeming thing was the shake. I would go back only for the shakes. Lighten up on the salt and maybe we'll try again.
3	Decent burger option on the strip. In true Bobby Flay style, most burgers have a sauce or two and the table comes with four more to try. Cactus pear margs are also legit and comparably priced to other places nearby, and taste a little stronger.Service is fairly good- though you walk up and order, they bring food out to you and frequently stop to check if anything else is needed as they pass in and out of kitchen, which was helpful. At one point, while here with a group, an employee provided table service for additional purchases rather than making us wait in line again for add-ons like extra drinks or sides.Brunch burger and classic crunch burger are both decent, still really want to try the New Mexico but last time I was in the area, I had already eaten. Might not be one of my top Strip picks (simply because I don't think burgers when I'm there), but it'll hit the spot.
2	Would not recommend Sat down after ordering.  I noticed that cleaning was in progress on the island I was sitting on.  There were dirty countertops on the island as well.  My burger came almost immediately after ordering.  No way it was cooked to order and while it was medium as I ordered it was barely warm.   Onion rings were ok.  First two were tasty but the bottom few were a greasy mess.  They arrived after my burgerCheese on my burger was cold and grossBussers never cleaned the area around me ( was there about 20 minutes).  Also a busser dropped some frys on the floor and then picked them up and threw them away.  He then grabbed some towels and wiped his hands without washing and went back to his job.  I could see the dish area from my seat. Restaurant seemed heavily staffed in the kitchen and the dining area but I found the restaurants pretty dirty and the food pre-cooked.
4	BBP shares a spot in the underground right next to the front entrance to the Mandarin Oriental. A burger and fries will run you around $20 after all is said and done.The burgers come out stacked tall instead of wide, which lets you have the satisfaction of smooshing it all down into a juicy condensed meat puck. You can order any of the burgers "crunchy" which means they add potato chips to the top (whoop dee doo). It's more gimmick than anything but hey, who doesn't like potato chips?I wasn't a huge fan of any of their specialty dipping sauces.The burger itself is cooked perfectly. You can tell them exactly what type of done-ness you'd like and they get it on the mark. The meat and fries are both perfectly salted too, not too salty nor too drab. Good job guys.It's a shame this is one of the "cheaper" eats in the area but it's worth checking out if you're hankering for a burger.
5	Delicious burgers. Excellent customer service. Clean. Definitely worth a stop.  The buns are thin and the burgers are well seasoned.  A+
2	Burgers were not cooked as ordered...fries were just OK.....milkshakes were excellent...service was basically non-existent ....we sat at counter with view of kitchen and door to kitchen...everytime an employee entered/exited the kitchen we were exposed to total filth...dirty cloths on the floor, visible (clear) plastic garbage container that employees dumped drinks/uneaten food as they entered the kitchen....the health sector would go crazy and I can't believe this is what Mr. Flay envisioned when he opened this place....
5	Burgers were great & different enough to not be just another burger. Sweet potatoe fries were great & love the dipping sauce nice to have something other than ketchup with them. The service we received was great as well. The gentleman was very attentive.
4	Tons of flavor.  Great selection  but a little salty on the burgers and the fries. Otherwise great place for a quick bite.
5	Three days ago was my first time here and now I sit and it's my fourth time here. These buglers are on point...  If you want something delicious and reasonably priced then look no further. Additionally they offer a very nice military discount.
4	A great burger at a very reasonable price... In fact it was the cost here that surprised me.Service is mostly like a fast casual.  You order at the desk and then take a seat in a slightly community setting and they bring food to you.  Given the brand name and location on the strip I was shocked that I could eat a great lunch hear with my wife for $30.  The burgers are well prepared and all come with a signature sauce that sets them apart a bit.  The sides are more than big enough to share.  I find the "crunchified" version adds some nice texture and saltiness already.If you're looking for a high quality hangover killer on this end of the strip stop in for lunch.For the question of liquor - the offer a selection of a few beers, wines, and margarittas.
5	I got the Brunch burger and pistachio malt- Best. burger. ever.
2	I was so disappointed , Bobby Flay should revisit this place , this food did not live up to the hype. Fries too salty, my medium burgerWas more medium well . Too pricey for the Lack of quality . Go down the block to Gordon Ramsey's .
4	I had the brunch burger (egg &bacon). The burger was good but nothing really special. The onion rings were out of this world good! I will be back for the rings, they're the one rings to rule them all!
4	On my first visit I had the turkey protein/burger and it was just a little bit dry and so on my second visit I decided I was going with the beef!It did not disappoint - I had the Texas, which comes with seasoned patty, pepper jack cheese, coleslaw and pickled (which somehow I missed on the menu as I hate pickles and should have had them removed!)The bun was a fresh sesame seed coated one (if only Five Guys could have a bun half as fresh as this one).It was very tasty, spicy and crunchy, cooked to a perfect medium rare - which is hard to find at many restaurants.We shared a coffee milkshake which was also very good, not too sweet and a good coffee flavor.The onion rings are also very good, they come with a dipping sauce which I think had chipotle in it.There are 4 sauces to try on every table - jalapeno, mustard, chipotle ketchup and burger sauce - all are good to try with the onion rings.The prices are reasonable for something handmade & cooked to order.
3	a reasonably-priced celebrity restaurant fast food chain? yes, it's true.right outside our hotel, and thus conveniently located for a quick lunch, we checked it out before the nuptials. yup, burgers and beer right before getting hitched!a list of burgers, vaguely inspired by various cities/locations ("Philly", "Dallas", and so on) is where Flay's power is flexed here. he's not behind the grill, but his dutiful minions labor to achieve his grand vision.the Philly burger - with hot peppers, provolone, and grilled onions - was excellent. a hefty size and wonderfully juicy. try the sauces on the table. hell, try them all! a sweet jalapeno sauce, a smoky chipotle sauce, the burger sauce, ketchup, and mustard. chipotle was my favorite.sweet potato fries were a bit overly salted, but still good. wash it down with some beer, of course!lunch for two was about $30. considering the convenience and the quickness (service was fast, and we could charge to our room at Mandarin) it was worth it.
2	The burgers, fries and shakes are mediocre---far from great, not close to what should reasonably be expected from a so-called "celebrity" chef.  And, the set up is strange as well:  Order in the front and they bring it to you.  So, if you want anything more--we didn't--you have to stand in line again.  We wouldn't go back even if the meal were free.
4	Crunchified.  Enough said.  You're doing yourself a disservice if you don't try the burgers here this way.  Absolutely delish.
3	I came to Bobby's burger Palace cuz I was on my way elsewhere, but when I saw this, I was starving.  I ordered the New Mexican, which sounds phenomenal.  I mean, its good.  But nothing that I felt was WOW.  But it wasnt bad either.  If youre wasted, its probably the most amazing burger ever, cuz it does beat the average burger spot.  I also ordered a Margarita (which they had to have prepared for me upon order, but when I had my to-go food delivered to me, I asked where it was and they guy who delivered just took my word-for-it, and made me one.  Its good for the guest, but not for the business...anyway, that margarita was so STRONG, I had 2 beers before and I felt AMAZING after!  I wrote about the good and bad, therefore, the 3 stars is well deserved
3	Was psyched in trying out Bobby flay ' s burger joint. At first I was disappointed because they weren't vegetarian friendly. They didn't have veggie burgers in their menu. so I just ended up ordering their griddled cheese and my man tried their original crunchy burger. My griddled cheese had good cheese in it.. but the sandwich was kinda mushy Because of the juice of the tomato which was in b/n the cheese and it tasted salty as well and to top it off the pickle just made it more salty. According to my man his crunchy burger was juicy but it tasted salty too and the chips in between just made it more  saltier.  They must have placed too much salt when they seasoned their burgers as well as the tomato/salsa of my griddled cheese sandwich.The service on the other hand was great! I liked how the staff were so attentive. The interior of the place was nice too for a burger joint.The price wasn't really worth it though. .
4	Ok....so its about 20% higher priced than the BBP I frequent at Mohegan sun in CT.....hey, its vegas!! We are big fans of bobbys Burgers..never knew he had almost 20 shops in the chain! ordering is easy.....the service you get is always friendly....the restaurants are always brightly lit and attractive and the food is always consistently good. This time we opted for a bobby Blue...a Crunchburger and a Classic. All cooked perfectly. The four of us shared an onion rings and a French fry. not all of us fans of the dipping sauce..but I find it very tasty. save room for their milk shakes...best ever..especially with the real whipped cream topping. I'm especially fond of the vanilla bean. It might be a little expensive than we'd like..but I find the overall experience is worth it. Bobby has a winner with this "gourmet" concept.
5	Sorry to my loves in Nashville, and over at the red and yellow building, but this is the best burger I've ever had.  Simple toppings, not a massive construction site on my plate, but easily the best seasoned piece of meat I've eaten in years... on a BURGER.Sweet potato fries were done, not greasy, and not flimsy shoestrings.. try 'em.Took home a bottle of the burger rub to re-create at home.
1	Was absolutely disappointed with dining here was expecting alot more being that Bobby Flay has his name attached. First off this is simply above a Carl Jr's sorry to say but it is, and you get served off of plastic plate, interior looks super hip and cool, but when your burger is brought out, it reminds me of going to a weekend BBQ gathering served by uncle Fred who has been drinking beers and cooking your burgers. We ordered the NM Burger obviously residing in NM we thought heck lets give it a try, the condiments over killed the burger itself and the presentation was very juvenile and it made me feel like I said "Uncle Fred" made it....... the meat itself was pretty bland and quite small even for the low cost definitely not worth it. The price is good, but I would rather pay more to get a quality burger that is culinary inspired and using good quality condiments. The staff was friendly and attentive but when asked what we thought, we replied okay, she said well you order a burger right, so that is what you got a "Burger" they all taste the same there is nothing to it. I would never want my staff to respond that way to a guest, but as I said this is a glorified Carl Jrs, sorry Bobby Flay I would definitely take my name off so that you dont ruin your reputation or get some better training for  your staff that represents YOU!!
3	The Onion Rings are very good. Had the Philadelphia burger which was pretty good as well. The Chipotle ketchup is a nice touch to any burger. Nothing too special about the fries. Like the style of the restaurant.  Don't too much care for having to share tables with total strangers.
5	The best hamburgers everrrr!!!!!  The condiments were good, milkshake was divine.  We ordered the Vegas, the special of the month in July, a cheeseburger and one more - they were all soooo good.
3	The food is good but for the price the portions are small. The place is nice but staff need to do a better job a keeping it clean and on service.. For the price go to Fat burger (across the street) and get a burger there..
5	OMG OMG OMG! This place makes me wish I lived in Vegas. The only upside of our four hour flight delay heading out of town is that we were able to have another meal at BBP. I had the Vegas burger both times and the husband tried the Santa Fe and the Dallas. Everything was cooked to perfection, the fries were delish, and the vanilla milkshake was heavenly. Seriously. The service was as good as the food, everyone was friendly and professional. This place sets a high bar and it will be my first stop next time I get to Vegas.
5	This place was awesome! Pickles were awesome but the Cheyenne Burger was DAYUM! I need to meet Bobby! They even have ginger ale in the fountain! It's a good day America
2	I had no clue this was Bobby Flays burger joint - we were just starving and needed food fast! Having said that I was a little underwhelmed. For the price, the burgers were quite small. Reminded me of family reunion barbecue burger- minus the great taste.  I ordered the turkey burger that was quite juicy (which was good) however, there was no flavor/seasoning whatsoever. On a positive note, the service was good and the fries were pretty tasty
2	Bobby,Bobby,Bobby,I dont think youd be happy if you were here. The burgers were ok, fries and onion rings, ok as well. The place was a mess. You sit at a s shaped table with people you dont know which is no big deal but when people get up and leave trash on the table it just makes everything look messy. Just not what I would expect from Bobby Flay. Sorry Bobby, we love to watch you but we will not be back.
4	Very good burger! Excellent service. My wife ordered a burger and forgot to mention no cheese. The server immediately took the burger back and brought a new one with no hesitation.   I wish they would offer more toppings on the burgers however.  I'm a local Las Vegas resident, and I will return to this place very soon!
4	Yummy yummy yummy burger and fabulous sweet potato frys.  Also, great sauces at the tables.  I ordered the special burger of the month (August) and my guy the "Classic".  Very tasty-ordered medium and we got medium rare. Order more well done as they trend toward undercooked...
3	Overall- Good spot for a tasty burger. Being from Chicago (we take our beef seriously) this place is not bad. Ordered up a  the Brunch Burger (fried egg, bacon, and cheddar cheese). Burger was cooked to specification, medium, which left the burger still juicy and a warm pink. I will say that with the egg and bacon, the salt content was a bit much. My overall score is a three out of five. Will dine here again if I'm on the Vegas Strip.
2	The food was okay, but the kitchen is really disorganized. We sat at the counter  right in front of the kitchen and I saw my food coming through the window. I knew it was mine because it was a special order, and I watched as it sat for TEN minutes before they finished cooking the rest of the  order and brought it to the table. I watched the couple next to us get one burger, five minutes later their fries and a few minutes after that the 2nd burger. I am  sure Bobby would be horrified. It wasn't that great that we would go back.
5	I live here and have passed this place a number of times and finally found the time to try it. I was not disappointed. I ordered the Miami Burger without a bun and it came on a bed of greens. The burger was cooked perfectly medium rare with ham & swiss cheese melted on top. The greens were lightly dressed in balsamic dressing. Yum!You pay at the counter when you first arrive and are given a number to place where you sit. I sat facing Las Vegas Blvd. and enjoyed the scenery. I realized I wanted to place a take out order while sitting there as I wanted my friend to try it too. One of the waitress/busser came by and I asked her if she could place the takeout order. She said "no problem!" So while I continued to enjoy my lunch, I was able to deal with the takeout order, pay for it, and receive it all with a smile from the server.I will be back!
4	Came here while on a recent vacay in Vegas... Primarily came as I'm a big Bobby Flay fan. Overall enjoyed the food but have to say it wasn't as good as Mesa Grill. This place overall ranked as a nice fast food type of place. Similar to hook burger in LA. However that being said service was excels  and staff were friendly. The food was good but fries and onion rings didn't stand out from any other place I've had them. Ordered the grill cheese for myself which was perfect - crisp bread, gooey cheeses really well made. The wifey had a turkey burger but thought is was over cooked...would recommend if you're hankering for a quick bite but can't really say this one hit it out of the park.
2	I would choose this place over McDonald's.  Not a lot of taste on my crunch burger. The meat didn't hold its own.  Sauces were good,  and the burger needed it. My husband loved the onion rings but I thought they were too thick.  Bathroom was completely disgusting with toilet paper and paper towels everywhere.  The automatic faucet was running with nobody around it. It was clear that no employees had looked in the bathroom for hours. Disappointed because we were excited to eat at Bobby ' s and we're let down
4	Great burger. I had the Vegas Burger, white American, red chilies & BBQ chips, wow, a side of the sweet potato fries with their honey mustard horseradish dipping sauce was heaven.
4	Burgers are amazing. Never had a patty seasoned so well. I like my burgers classic style so ordered the palace classic. Make sure you order your burger crunchified - it makes a huge difference. Ordered the black and white shake because I couldn't decide between the vanilla or the chocolate. It was one of the best shakes I've ever had. Couldn't decide on a side so ordered fries and sweet potato fries.It was definitely a lot of food. Sat by the window and had so many people walking by and staring at the burgers. Worth checking out if you're a burger fan!
5	Stopped by today because I couldn't get over to planet Hollywood. Decided to try out the burger joint was extremely surprised. I ordered the Brunch burger with a side of fries and a coke. It was around 20 bucks. Kind of pricey but the food is amazing.I decided to return later that night with my bachelor party and everyone enjoyed their meals. I tried the shakes on the 2nd trip and they are also extremely flavorful. The staff was very helpful and would even take additional orders when we were eating at the tables. No need to get back in line. Our group has decided that this will be our new go to burger joint to go with our aria buffets.I normally don't leave 5 star ratings unless I am extremely satisfied.
2	I went in at 11:00 pm and the staff was not very pleasant. My order was delivered promptly. My friends' order was not. We sat there for 10 min watching the staff walk through the kitchen window where the bag with his order was until a tall black man that worked there was nice enough to deliver it to our table. The food was not that great. Everything was salted over the top. I felt like I just had eaten a whole tub of Morton salt. Will probably never go eat there again. Bad service, inferior product and overly priced.
4	Basically one notch above five guys burgers. Better atmosphere, and obviously a better selection of toppings, but as far as quality of food goes it's about the same.
4	Stopped here about a week ago during lunch time. First thing you see is a big menu. By big I mean the big board that displayed it. The menu is easy to order off of. Everything is a la carte. I got the brunch burger, sweet potato fries, the wife got the philly, two soft drinks. It was a little over 30 bucks, a bit on the spendy side but this is the Vegas Strip. Both burgers were cooked to our liking. The flavors of both burgers was really flavorful. The philly had the philly steak taste, the brunch burger was my first burger with an egg on it, yum! The sweet potato fries was really crispy on the outside and sweet yumminess on the inside. There was 4 choices of sauces, don't remember what they were but didn't really care for it. The staff was really nice, the restaurant was clean and spacious. Definitely worth a visit when on the strip!
4	Gourmet fast food burgers.  Thick, well seasoned beef patties, and topics above and beyond what you'll find at your regular burger joint.  But then it's mashed together in a foil wrapper so when you go to eat it you have that familiar fast food experience of the smashed bun and melted cheese all over the paper.  (this is not a good thing...lol)The onion rings are HUGE and amazingly tasty.  They look the size of a chunky, bangle bracelet.  They, and other sides (fries and such), are a steal at $4 for a plentiful order.  Which almost makes up for the burgers being dang close to $10.  Sheesh.  Service can be spotty esp if it's late at night...be prepared for a little wait, it's not always as "fast" as promised.  But, it's delicious and worth it.
3	Was hoping to get an awesome burger and an even better dining experience.  Instead got a very good burger and a dining experience like going to Carl's Jr.  You order your food and then they bring some of it to you while forgetting some parts...like your drinks.  So actually Carl's Jr.  has better service since you get your drink when you pay.      The food was very good...burger was cooked perfectly and fries were good.  Ordered "half and half" - half fries half onion rings.  Only got 2 onion rings....does this mean each onion ring cost $1?  Since a full order is $4...    Service was not what I would have expected.  When food was brought out drinks weren't brought at same time...another trip had to be made.  Then it took 2 people to bring a cup of water after asking for it.  Soda machine available for refills but no iced tea at soda station...had to ask for that refill too.      If you just want good burgers then this place is pretty good....albeit a little pricey.  If you want a great dining experience where you feel like you matter as a customer...there's several places where you'll get better service.
5	I had read online about this place, and the burgers with the potato chips served on top (which they call "crunchified). Well, I cannot say enough good things about this place. The cashier that took our order was very friendly and was able to answer my questions. Our food came out in a very timely manner, and was cooked exactly the way that I wanted. The ambiance is great - very modern and trendy! Overall, a 5 star experience!
4	Best way to describe this place is upscale fast food spot that serves beer. Which happened to be exactly what we were looking for a quick recharge after a morning at the pool. The kitchen churns out interesting burgers with great taste in record speed.  Tried the Dallas and the Vegas. Both sandwiches were tasty and worthy of sinking your teeth into. Unsung hero of our stop-in was definitely the fries - hot crispy and perfectly salted. If you sit down, make sure you try the Jalepeno sauce - sweet spicy and definitely unique.
4	Good burgers. Chipotle ketchup was very good. For a little more than Johnny Rockets you get real food. Good spot to get a "cheap" burger fix on the Strip.
4	First time here. The cashier recommend the LA burger and the bobby blue, We loved it! Thanks.
4	Overall, BBP offers extremely tasty food at a reasonable price. The wonderful food, ambiance, and wide variety of burgers leaves me wanting to come back. Price - $9.50 for all burger styles and no extra cost for turkey burger or chicken breast and you can get the burger "crunchified" for no extra cost. The shakes are pricier at $6.50 and seemed slightly smaller than normal shake sizes. Sweet potato fries are $4, but feed two people. We got 2 burgers, 2 shakes, and 1 fry for $38, plus a small optional tip at the counter and table. Food - BBP offers a wide variety of burger options. The two we tried (Carolina and the classic) were amazing. What was most notable was how ideally cooked they were. They allow you to select from rare to well done. The sesame buns held the burgers and toppings together making it very easy to eat without the loss of any toppings. The  shakes were some of the most flavorful we've had. It is apparent that BBP is using the $6.50 to invest in quality ingredients and not skimping on them. Our coconut shake and pistachio malt were achievements in subtlety and over the top flavor, respectively. You could chew the flakes of coconut...mmmm. The sweet potato fries served two people and came with horseradish based dipping sauces. The fries were crisp on the outside and soft on the inside and had flakes of mild salt coating them. Ambiance - There is both indoor and outdoor seating. The indoor dining area is large and very modern and funky. There is S-shaped counter-style seating that zig zags across one side of the room. You can see through a wide openings to where they are preparing the good. The vibe is casual, but is fun to look. Service - The service was efficient and friendly. The person who took our order at the counter made sure to guide us through our order and offered complementary water cups. The food was brought to us quite quickly. For being informal, fast-service dining, the service was very attentive checking in on us and the food.It's clear that the sincerity of this place goes far beyond slapping a celebrity chef's name on the shingle.
2	I came with high hopes thinking it was going to be one of the best places to have a burger. Specially because I love bobby flay!I'm sad to inform that the burger (the Dallas) was just ok. Edible, but not delicious. The onion rings... The batter tasted good but the actual onion was too mushy. It grossed me out. I just ate the batter. My friend ordered a salad.... And it was the saddest salad we had ever seen, they even served the butt of the lettuce. It was way too pricey for what we got. I'm sorry bobby, but whoever is running the kitchen is not living up to your expectations.
4	After trying some decidedly bad celebrity chef places this trip my bf announced that we would not be eating at a celebrity chef restaurant if their prices were comparable to olive garden. Affordable prices meant tourist trap with crap food. (such a little food snob I turned him into ;) this was a pleasant surprise and didn't conform to the other subpar food celebrity chefs are sticking their name to. Got the dallas. Good but the sauce was a little over powering. Getting it crunchified was brilliant. Next we got Miami which was my favorite. Over salted but after scraping a little seasoning off it too was pretty good. Huge amount of fries in their combo of regular and sweet potato fries. And the fry sauce was amazing!! Super fatty and not something I would normally use but I pretty much drenched everything in it. The prices are really decent (again why i wasnt expecting much...see tip on Buddy V's tourist trap at the Venetian that tastes worse than Buca's) I'll definitely come back. I think I even like it better than Holstein's next door (which by the way totally cheaps out on the liquor in the shakes now)  so I'll be getting the spiked shakes here next time too!
5	Best burgers ever!! Everything was so tasty. The service was outstanding shiranda I think thats how you spell her name was such a good server she was very attentive and made sure everything was perfect.   I would recommend this place if you're ever in Vegas. ..some things shouldn't stay in Vegas!
4	The food was as expected. Full of flavor and unique. We were willing to pay more because it was bobby flay's food, but thought the burger could've been bigger for the price. Big meat, but overall size of burger was pretty small. We ordered med well, but perhaps medium would've made for a juicier burger. Fries were excellent. Crispy, fresh, not overly salty. The sauces unique. We liked the burger sauce. Whatever it is he puts in it, makes a much better companion to the burger than ketchup. MUCH better. Ambience and service great. Its not something Id eat again and again due to price but I can definitely see myself craving it every now and then. Or maybe tonight...lol.
5	Surprised with the entire experience. Absolutely the best burger my wife and I have ever had. And we have had burgers. Walked two miles to get the rob the Vegas Strip. Would love to do it again
3	I tried this place initially during a Yelp event, so when my friend and I were playing tourist we decided to get a quick dinner at Bobby's Burger Palace. I had a pretty good first impression from the event, so figured I would give them a try.The line was pretty long, but went quickly. I ordered the brunch burger and I grabbed some fries from my friend's order. The sides were enormous, so definitely share if you aren't starving.My burger was good, nothing amazing, I had hoped for a little more flavor. The burger was cooked well, but overly salted, as were the fries. Service was nice. They had staff walking around cleaning tables and offering refills and grabbing to go boxes. Nothing was a standout but it's a good option on the strip for tourists in need of a quick meal for a good price.
2	The food is okay but I think the habit or burger city Grill is better. You're paying for a name.
3	Nice set up and sitting area . Food came fast.  The burger was cooked perfectly to Our requests.  Nice tasting burgers .The sides were sweet potato fries and onion rings. Large portions of both.  Two concerns.  The beer I ordered I had to go and hunt for. Second the onion rings were so loaded with grease I could only eat one
1	Not yummy...so sad...what is up with the millions of sesame seeds on my bun and that's the only bun I can choose from.
4	I've walked by this place many times on my way to Crystals/Cosmo and finally decided to give this place a try.  Glad I did! It's a pretty decent place to come in for a quick bite.  You order and get a number and the servers come on by to give you your meal.  I really enjoyed the open seating area and the decor.  My bf got the Dallas burger and it was really flavorful, try it with the chipotle ketchup! I got the Breakfast burger since I love fried eggs in my burger and it was also pretty good as well.  I do have to admit that the Dallas burger definitely outshined my breakfast burger.  Portions are reasonable and filling and surprisingly enough, the burger didn't leave me feeling heavy and sleepy.  Don't forget that their specialty is to make their burgers *Crunchified*!  We almost forgot to request for it since we thought all the burgers here were made *crunchified*.  There's no extra cost for it and it sure does make a huge difference in the burger.  The texture adds to the whole experience of the burger.  Also, don't forget to try the sauces that they have at the tables.  Overall, Bobby's Burger Palace has good burgers at decent prices.  I don't think it's anywhere near the one of the best burgers that I've had but for the convenience, price and quickness, it's good place to try.
5	Always wanted to try a Food Network chef's restaurant, so this was our chance. My husband, me and our 3 yr old daughter had a great experience there. The food was delicious. My husband had the Crunchburger, he ate up his burger in 5 minutes! I had the L.A. Bunless Burger. The burger without the bun in a mix of greens. We shared the fries and sweet potato fries. Best sweet potato fries I have had in awhile. It came with honey mustard and chipotle cream sauce. The decor is causal, loved the design of the eating bar. Definitely will go back!
2	This review is not about bad food. The food was actually quite tasty, it was the managers work ethic that was tasteless. I came in with my boyfriend today at about 4:30 for a quick bite since we were staying right next door at Aria and also I'm a fan of Bobby Flay. The "manager" (and I use quotes because we'll, I'm using that word loosely) was sitting next to us, not working but instead talking to a tall dark handsome customer who I'm pretty sure she knew. The ENTIRE time we were eating our meal, we sat there listening to her loudly talk shit about the employees and as well her manager. Apparently her manager wanted her help to rent a party bus of sorts but then he backed out and now he's an ass for doing that.. According to her. After she gave him the price he told her it was too expensive and didn't want it but her opinion was, why take your family on vacation if you can't afford it. STFU! It's not your place to say those things and you work in a fucking $10 burger joint so don't act like you have room to tell other people how to spend their money. Also, I had to eat my meal listening to her tell the other customer/friend how one of the workers is lazy and she always has to keep an eye on him. That's fine, but any manager with a little sense in their head would know to not do that in front of customers who are trying to eat their lunch. I was really turned off by how unprofessional she was and it's sad that the other workers have that kind of a person they have to answer to...or that they're being talked about behind their backs In front of customers by their manager ..how embarrassing. Brunette manager working Saturday 9/20 afternoon shift get a grip! I was 2 seconds away from telling you off but my boyfriend stopped me, thank god for your sake... You need to be embarrassed just like you did to your workers. You really struck a nerve and I hope this review comes back to you. These 2 stars go out to you. Set a fucking example.
4	I'm in Vegas for a conference and needed a place to eat by myself. This place was perfect for my situation. The restaurant is not intimidating and I didn't feel like a loser eating by myself. The fellow at the front said that the "crunchified" Brunch Burger was his favorite, so I gave that a go. It was perfectly cooked and seasoned. I also ordered the half and half fries and onion rings. The fries were among the best I've had. The onion rings were nice and tender. I burned through a lot of napkins on this one, but it was worth it.I wasn't a fan of the fry sauce our the other sauces on the table, for that matter, but the food didn't really need it.I don't think I'll have ongoing cravings to come back, but I will eat here again the next time I'm in this area and need something quick and tasty.
5	The flavor of my burger was what sent me over the top. I had the Philadelphia: provolone cheese / griddled onions / hot peppers and I will crave that burger when I get home. I was juicy and spicy; just what I was looking for. I also had the pineapple coconut rum milkshake was just perfect to cool down the peppers on my sandwich. My husband and I did not have to wait to be seated and the staff was very nice. I could have eaten hear more than once but I wanted to try as much as Vegas had to offer.
2	This place is overated juat because its a celebrity owned business, but honestly you can get a better burger at BLT Burger (the best on the strip) or Gordon Ramsay's Burger. The burgers at BBP are nothing special.
4	My burger had a fried egg in it, totally hit the spot after a night of drinking. The vanilla milkshake was probably the most delicious item there. The fries were delicious when dipped into the chipotle ketchup sauce. The decor was a lil boring but the food was great.
4	Perfect meal before you leave Vegas. You can also add potato chips to your burger which I wish I would have done. GET A MILKSHAKE. Their chipotle-ketchup was delicious.
4	Great food fun atmosphere. Dallas burger with potato chips was great. Having different sauces at table was fun to add. Sweet potato fries were AMAZING! Defiantly want to come back and try other burgers. I saw some  people didn't care for onion rings but I did.
4	The New Mexico burger in this place is soooooo gooooood. And the prices are very reasonable too especially when you compare it too Guy Fieri's place(almost half the price of Guy's rip off tourist trap). Actually, believe it our not, we found that Bobby Flay was even cheaper than Johnny Rocket's (check it out for yourself).The only reason I do not give the place five stars is the tables are not picked up and cleaned off very quickly. When we arrived the table across from us had the plates still on it and food all over the table and it was still that way half way through our meal before someone finally came along and cleaned it up. We will be back but in the meantime, get a staff that's not so lazy.
3	3.5 stars is about right for this place.  I had the brunch burger and a 1/2 and 1/2 of sweet potato fries and onion rings and didn't walk away too impressed.  The burger was the equivalent of a Five Guys burger but with more premium toppings.  The sweet potato fries were average but their onion rings were great.Bottom line: Worth a try, but if I had to pick, I'd rather have a Shake Shack burger every day of the week.
4	I went here with my wife on our last night in Vegas.  Stopped in around 9pm and the restaurant was not very busy.  We ordered the brunch burger (fried egg, bacon & cheese) and the new mexico burger (queso sauce, green chilies & pickled red onions), both crunchified (topped with potato chips).  We got the fries/onion ring combo along with the premium margarita and the cactus pear margarita.  The burgers were excellent, both cooked perfectly to order.  Crunchifying each burger seemed unnecessary as they were pretty rich to begin with.  I thought the New Mexico burger was slightly better because it had a nice kick of spice with the green chilies.  The fries and onion rings were awesome as they have a few different sauces you can try including chipotle ketchup.  The only reason for 4 stars is the cactus pear margarita wasn't that great.  The premium frozen margarita, on the other hand, hit the spot.  I know there are a lot of celebrity burger joints in Vegas, but I would definitely recommend Bobby's.
4	Fast service. Cool place. About 10 bucks for burger. Fries extra. Shareable portion of fries.  Clean. Friendly.
3	Not sure what i was expecting, but for Bobby Flay, i was expecting more.  The burger selections were very creative but the burger was on par with 5 Guys.  Don't get me wrong, they are good burgers, but just burgers.  If you want to experience Bobby, go to Mesa Grill-that's Bobby Flay.    As the other reviewers have stated, service was an issue.  Couldn't get our tea refilled for quite some time with very few people in the restaurant.  It seems as though the slower a place is the worse the service.  If in Vegas with a car, go to In-N- Out Burger instead.
4	Fantastic burgers on the strip. In my opinion it's a good bang for your buck. Especially in Vegas. Get it crunchified. Which means adding chips inside the burger. That's free. Plenty of choices and combinations.
2	Our mouths were watering as we scanned the wall menu and ordered our burgers and onion rings. The decorum, lighting, seating and staff were wonderful. The only thing missing was tasty food. Seriously, the burgers were flavor free and laced with enough salt to cure bacon. The onion rings looked fantastic but also lacked crispness and flavor. Bobby, Bobby, Bobby, please visit Las Vegas and school the kitchen staff. We know your recipes rock- we use them at home.  When it comes to restaurants, what happens in Vegas does not stay in Vegas.
5	This place has some of the best burgers in vegas. I have been here 4 times and got a different burger everytime and they were all amazing, cooked as I asked, sides are big. staff is friendly. My favorite is the Bobby Blue with extra blue cheese. It could have been cleaner last time we were there.. there was a bunch of empty tables that wasn't cleaned up so we cleaned our own.
2	$16 for burger and fries. I was expecting something awesome and this wasn't even close. I had the Carolina burger, which didn't resemble the taste or flavors I have had in north or South Carolina.   However, the  sweet potato fries were winners.
2	The service was fine but my issue was the food. My boyfriend used to work there so I was excited when I heard that he's working for Bobby Flay so I went in to try the food there. I was extremely disappointed with it. My burger meat was dry, and it had no flavor. The fries were WAYYYY over priced for what I got. I got literally about 7 flavorless fries. The only good thing I had was the milk shake. I'll never eat here again. I expected way more coming from Bobby. Hell, McDonalds is better than this dump.
3	The quality of the food was good and plenty of it.  I had the chili burger, buddy had the same along with chili cheese fries and another buddy had the English pub burger.  The menu is basic; full bar, dessert menu and a variety of burgers to choose from.   Located inside New York, New York on the first floor where all the shops are; past the gaming area.   Service was friendly and they seem to have a pretty good system to get food out.   For burger and a beer you're looking at about 15.   Not bad for being just off the strip
3	I was excited to finally try Bobby Flay food. However I was less than thrilled after trying the food here. Bobby Flay is supposed to be this amazing chef and unfortunately this restaurant is lacking some serious flavor but I was starving and ate the fries. The burger I ordered was missing when the food came out and when we checked the receipt it wasn't even in there even though I told her exactly what I wanted on the burger and how I wanted it cooked. The onion rings were literally dripping with oil and my mom had to return them. The customer service is amazing and they refunded us for the onion rings that is why I gave the 3 stars food deserved 1 star.
5	I've eaten here about 10 times...a must for every trip to Vegas for me. I love trying the burgers of the month and the Brunch Burger is a great option that's always on the menu. Shakes are excellent, as well!
4	For the quality & price, I'm giving this place 4 stars. My New Mexico burger was fresh & tasty with a little kick, and my Mocha shake finished it off nicely. Pretty durn cheap meal for the Strip! Restaurant was nice and clean with a cool theme... Well done Bobby!
3	I had the Crunchburger and fries. It was basically a cheeseburger with potato chips. No lettuce, onion, or tomato. In fact, you add the condiments yourself so I guess it's similar to Fuddruckers in that respect. Let's start with the good. I thought despite the simplicity the burger tasted alright. The beef was on par with the patties at The Habit which is OK. It came with two slices of American cheese. I know some folks frown on that but I like American. It melts and engulfs the burger which I dig. The fries are good. They are like bigger cut versions of In n Out fries I suppose. Now the bad. A tad overpriced. Almost $9 for the burger, $4 for fries, and $3.50 for lemonade. As a guy that has paid upwards of $13 for a burger at Umami and BURGR I'm not against paying a premium for a hamburger, but I do expect premium ingredients if I'm going to do so. How about some grilled onions or some fancy sauce that'll knock my socks off? I'm not asking for 100% Prime Minotaur beef or anything just something other than potato chips to make the food stand out.If the food was priced lower like say, The Habit then I would have given a 4 star rating for sure. I realize that celebrity branding is a reason for the high price but that also means high expectations from the consumer. Overall I'd be willing to give BBP another shot since they have lots of other burgers. Plus it's fun to sit there to eat and people watch. Go with a friend and watch dudes walk by with a girl and try to guess girlfriend or prostitute.
5	What an awesome, amazing, tasty burger.   We came in half hour before they close and service and food was great.   They're crunch burger was as advertised...anything other than med-rare is a sin.Bobby, u done well !!!!
5	Great place to grab a burger! We had the Philadelphia Burger...had just the right kick to it. So glad we decided to split the sweet potato fries. It was plenty for both of us! The cactus pear margarita was delicious. You could definitely tell it had some alcohol in it!
5	The burgers were the best burgers ever.  Eight members of my family and I were visiting from Louisiana and we decided to try Bobby's burger Palace. We were not disappointed; every burger was amazing. All burgers were hot, juicy, seasoned well and delicious. The onion rings and fries were hot and crispy. Our orders were taken and served quickly. The restaurant is clean and inviting. The employees were very friendly and made sure all our needs were met. A must visit while in Vegas.
5	My friends and I loved this place! We had spent 35/person at Burger Bar by Hubert Keller and it was nothing special. We've been to Burgr, which was great until they burnt my burger and made me feel like i didn't know what a burnt burger was. So i'd consider BBP cheap for being on the strip and having the Bobby Flay name. I think the burgers are simple and smart. Some burgers try to be so much and miss the fact that it is a burger. I had the Vegas and the kick from the chiles were awesome! The shakes were delicious and our friends had the adult shakes. There was a major kick from those things unlike the ones they had at Burger Bar. you couldn't taste the liquor, but these ones were strong...and cheaper. I probably would've eaten another one.
4	i had had the burger salad....it was good. I usually think protein burgers leave something to be desired, but this one was just right! fries were great! mint/chocolate chip shake was amazing! Just a bit too expensive! 2 burgers, one grilled cheese, one soda and one shake for about $45! hence the 4 points.
2	Burger was the only good thing.  Sweet potato fries were a little salty and the 50/50 with onion rings was nowhere close,  It was more 2 / 98.  For the price I expected a lot more.  Holsteins at Cosmo should have been my stop instead of here.  Sorry BBP you need some work.
4	The burgers were yummy and the fries were to die for; but my mocha-caramel shake was sickeningly sweet and bizarrely textured. It tasted as if they'd substituted straight caramel sauce for the milk. Overall, this is a perfectly decent place to grab lunch on the strip. Good taste at a great price- just skip the milkshakes.
3	Overall decent food experience. Nice to try but wouldn't say it's a must stop in Vegas. I had the Nuevo Mexico burger which had a good amount of flavor. The fries, both reg & sweet potato were good & so were the onion rings. Only 2 onion rings came w/ the 50/50 order so that was disappointing. None of us cared for the buns/bread, they were thin & cold. We had shakes too & those were pretty good, really creamy but a little pricey for the size. Customer service was good overall. I was expecting more with the Bobby Flay name but I left with a happy stomach. I've had better & worse, but glad I tried it.
2	The wife wanted to experience all her favorite TV chef's cuisine during our recent trip to Vegas so we ventured to Bobby' Flay's burger joint for stop #1. I expected more, especially for the lofty price. What we got was a couple of decent burgers, but nothing we couldn't get at a dozen other burger places, honestly I think Johnny Rockets has a much better burger. I got the Bobby's blue, and I am shocked to hear myself say this, because I love cheese, but this had too much cheese. Could not taste the juiciness of the burger it was so drowned in cheese. My wife had the classic which looked to me to be a fairly run of the mill burger. We also ordered a half and half fries and onion rings and were presented with an anemic order of fries that was barely enough for 1 and TWO onion rings. The onion rings were not even the same size, bringing the spectre of conflict into the picture as the two patrons must then choose who gets the bigger one. C'mon, two freaking onion rings? This was a $5 side order and was supposed to be half and half. Perhaps the other half dozen onion rings were MIA, I don't know. Service wise, the place was empty, but somehow our burgers came out 5 mins in advance of our drinks. Unacceptable. As for drinks, I ordered a strawberry shake, which taste wise was fine, but here again, the glass was not very large, it didn't come out with the metal carafe with the rest of the shake, and for 9 bucks I would have expected a hell of a lot more. Summary, unless you are absolutely dead set on trying a Flay spot, pass on his palace, its extremely poor value, mediocre service and palatable but rather ordinary food.Edit: I did get an almost immediate response from the BBP social media person promising they would address the shortcomings in my review with the LV location management. I will not change my review, but kudos to the social media manager for being on top of their feedback.
5	I love the concept here. I've been to Mesa Grill here in Las Vegas nearly 50 times so I figured might as well give Bobby Flays other Vegas joint a try. This is no high end burger "restaurant" like Burgr Ramsey's place at Planet Hollywood. This is a walk up take your order McDonald's style and go sit and your food will be brought to you kinda place. Well not exactly the same they actually ask you how you would like your burger cooked which is a touch of class. Now the food! Okay, they have a pretty good menu here to appease most any burger lover. Bobby also added some awesome milkshake/malts which are always a great peering with burgers along with a Mesa grill addition with some knockout top shelf margaritas.Overall skip the McDonald's and come have a try!
5	Man, this place is awesome. This is hands down the best burger I've had in a fast food place. Ok, maybe it's a slight stretch to call it fast food... i.e. burgers are made to order, you sit down, they bring to you, there's no play land, etc. So maybe not technically fast food, but whatever. It's quick, really good, and cheap. Yes. Yes. Yes. Went here two days in a row and got two different burgers (the Carolina and the New Mexico). Both were very good and I really want to try more now. Just trying to tow the line of if it's really acceptable to have a burger from this place more than 3 times in a week. Oh well, who's counting?Highly recommend. And I also recommend accepting if Bobby Flay is ever throwing a cook out and invites you over for a burger. And also grab me one, please. Thanks. Oh, also: Pro tip: crunchify. No brainer.
4	I really enjoyed the burger here, fresh, flavorful and a little different. The shake, OMG, vanilla was truly vanilla with actual vanilla in it, not the artificial crap....got onion rings, not my fav but the server who brought my food explained the different sauces at the table...I think I'll be back for another go, it was much better than other burger places in Vegas I've tried.
4	Turkey burger was very well seasoned. Everything was really fresh & clean. Would definitely go here again!
4	My sister and I tried this place on a recent trip to Vegas. She had the classic I had the L.A which was chicken, tomato, avocado relish, watercress and cheddar. We both really liked the meal in fact, we raved about it to each other  for most of the trip. She had sweet potato fries and I had regular and a chocolate shake. Couple little thing would have put this experience at an excellent.1.) my fries were good but quite salty, like you needed a glass or two of water with the fries.2.) the shake was good, flavourful and thick but it was a regular 250 ml plastic glass for $6.50 which was a bit pricey in my mind. It's not fancy with whipped cream or cherries or big glass or anything like that. Just a good ol milkshake but if it was at a more reasonable price point my sister would have had one too.3.) the biggest issue: the service sucked. We went in around noon and asked when they closed that night and were told midnight. So round 9:30ish we go over thinking we'll have plenty of time. We were one of 4-5 people in the restaurant and the staff seemed to be closing up. They were mopping the floors and totally gave us the bums rush. We were there for maybe 45 minutes and at the 25 minute mark things felt super rushed. The plates were taken away without being asked it we were done, the stink eye was given. The Asian guy at the front who seated and served us was really nice and had good service but the African-American girl (manager I think) at the back was kind of terrible and made it feel like we were very much overstaying our welcome. We were quiet, clean, and didn't ask for anything other then extra fry sauce so not sure why she wanted us out unless they were closing up early. All in all, go try it! The meal was totally worth it.Side note: when debating if we should try Gordon Ramsey or Bobby Flay's burger joint, we noted that Ramsey's is in a casino which was filled with smoke, Bobby's is a stand alone place with no smoking.
4	Gotta say, I was pretty impressed.  We're locals and figured we'd give it a shot since we rarely go to the Strip.  Had the Miami burger - its a Cuban Sandwich (ham, swiss cheese, dill pickle, mustard and mayo) on top of a burger.  I was brave and got my burger rare (I figure its Bobby Flay's place - he's got a reputation to uphold!).  Damn, it was good, very rich and just the right size. Burger was super juicy and tasty. My friend got a basic cheeseburger (medium-rare) and said it was absolutely delicious.  Clearly they have been listening to the Yelpers, because I was worried that the fries would have too much salt (i'm careful about how much salt I eat) - the fries were gorgeous; crispy and  lightly salted. My friend ate most of the them - he loved them!  It was okay though, as the burger was so filling that I couldn't have fit in anything else. Service was prompt and very friendly - the lady behind the counter was genuinely cheerful and very helpful explaining various items on the menu.  She clearly was well-versed on their menu, which is always great. Was a little pricey, but I'd definitely go back - I dare say it would be worth fighting the tourist crowds for this burger and fries..
5	Tried this place for the first time and the burgers are awesome! The meat tastes like meat before all the hormones. I felt like I was eating from a healthy, clean cow lol. Customer service was also an A+, the servers made sure we had everything we needed and that our food was made to perfection. I hope they build one in San Diego.
3	Bobby's Burger Palace was advertised on the TV in our hotel room PLUS my friends hyped it up, so I just had to try it. Bobby Flay? How could I say no?Surprisingly, I was disappointed by my meal. My friend and I were joking that the water was the best part of the meal because the burgers were so salty. For me, it was the giant deli pickle on the side. I ordered the Dallas Burger ($9) which has coleslaw, Monterey Jack cheese, BBQ Sauce, and pickles. The burger itself was pretty good. I also tried some of the Brunch Burger, which has smoked bacon, American cheese, and a fried egg... but I agreed with all three of my friends who ordered that burger that it was way too salty.I like that you can "crunchify" your burger, which just means they add some thin potato chips inside your burger to add an awesome sounding CRUNCH. The chips add extra salt to your burger so watch out.The sweet potato fries ($4) were underwhelming (but the perfect amount of salt) and its honey mustard dipping sauce was super watery and did not go well with the fries. Speaking of sauces, I liked the Chipotle sauce with my burger, but stay away from the Burger sauce, ironically.Lastly, the Cactus Pear Margarita tasted... interesting. Maybe it's because I don't know what actual cactus pear tastes like. It looks super cool AND you get to keep the cup, but I would not recommend this drink unless you are feeling adventurous.I'm actually very glad I tried this place out, but I would not come back again.
2	We ordered the brunch burger and the New Mexico burger as well as a half and half of regular + sweet potato fries.The burgers themselves were decent...which is pretty much an epic fail for a place that has a celebrity chef's name attached to it and is supposed to offer a "premium" experience.   The fries were actually STALE and pretty awful.Even though I can see the burgers being cooked fresh the ones we got actually tasted kind of old (like they have been sitting for awhile).
5	Really impressed by their LA Burger! A bit pricey but totally worth it. The meat was tender, avocado relish was delish and their dressing options complimented every bite. The French Fries were Epic! Crunchy and  Fresh. For $4 we got fries enough for 2 of us and we were able to modify and get half sweet potato fries and half regular fries. The ambiance was cool, so much color and life in their building, the seating set up is different and very unique. Every time im in Vegas, I'll be visiting this place.
2	I can't believe I waited in anticipation for 3 months to go to this place.  We were a party of 11 yet the staff just waved me off to find a table for ourselves. The menu choices looked great.  The big problem was everyone's burger tasted like it had been soaked in SALT.   They were so salty they were inedible.  I kept biting on a different side of the burger to try to find a bite that didn't taste like a salt lick.  I gave up half way through.The French fries were completely covered in salt as well. All the ingredients looked superb, just ruined by a pound of salt per plate.   Such a shame. I had vitamin water from the drink bay and it was rancid tasting.  I tried to get another selection but there was no other non carbonated choice. I wanted to love this place and the staff ruined a great idea.
5	Repeating restaurants in Vegas is a big thing for me. I would only do it if the food is incredible. So far I think Komex and Craftsteak have been my only repeats. And the Buffet at Wynn. Not only would I come back to Bobby's Burger Place, I'd want to order the exact same thing.The burger was awesome, I loved the New Mexico, while Mr R had the Dallas. The meat was flavorful, the burgers were cooked perfectly. I went in with no expectations and was totally impressed.
5	Amazing, delicious, scrumptious, AMAZING!!!!Maybe I'm just really happy because this place felt like a god send for are wallet while we were in Vegas.I had the LA burger and my husband had the Bobby blue with a side of fries. Delicious!The prices were fair which had us smiling because finding food in Vegas with reasonable price is not an easy thing, its either go broke or starve.  burgers $9.50sides $4shakes $6The menu is simple, descriptive, and easy to order from. The burgers are cooked to order and fast, to your desired doneness, with good portions, and a good variety to choose from. The line moves fast and service is friendly and professional.its casual seating so just find a table. this is casual Americana done right, so if you want a really good burger that won't have your wallet singing the blues, COME CHECK IT OUT!
1	Whatever happened to Bobby's "Big, Bold, Flavor?!"  It's alotta stuff piled onto a very bland burger with absolutely no flavor. Do yourself a favor...save some money, go across the street to Earl of Sandwich and get some of the best food on the strip. As far as burgers go, Bobby needs to go to Hardees/Carl's Jr. for a lesson in flavor.
2	Service was not good, my burger was worse then something I could make in my own kitchen, and over all presentation wasn't very good. Trying to be nice as possible, so I will give them props on a good mint chocolate chip shake.
4	Stopped here for an early dinner on the Strip. Tried the Bobby Blue Burger & my husband had the Carolina Burger. Both were very good. Cooked to perfection. Lots of interesting sauces on the table to add to your burger. They don't have a kids menu but they we opted for the griddle cheese sandwich which was also good. A tad pricey for its size (almost $8 or $9 for sandwich size bread) - but it's Vegas right? Kids also had 2 milkshakes - the vanilla & chocolate & the dark chocolate. Both were very good - dark chocolate the better of the two if u want ur chocolate fix. Also a bit pricey though at $7 a shake. Overall though a good meal even if it was an expensive burger place compared to others.
4	Perfect burgers. Good and fast service too! I would give 5 stars, but the restaurant opened today at 11:00, New Year's Day. We waited until 11:15 before the doors opened. Other than that, the onion rings were great, the vanilla milkshake was INCREDIBLE. We also had the brunch burger and LA burger. Both delicious!
4	I'm so sad I found this on the last day in Vegas! I can't wait to go back and try the spiked shakes! I got the Dallas burger and added the crispy. That's how I ate my sandwiches growing up. And the sauces...so many to enjoy. The counters to sit at are fun, and the stools are comfy even for short girls. Definitely worth the trip.
4	Simple menu and great value for being on the strip. I had the "the brunch" with a chicken breast and it was off the chains with a side of onion rings and sweet potato fries. Definitely hit the spot for a burger craving. For two ppl it would prob run$25-30 which is very reasonable. Would eat here again in a heartbeat and try other things
4	Burgers are great!! Love the juiciness of the burger. The onion rings are a must but I would skip the fries they are like salt covered cardboard. The service was meh. We stood there waiting for someone to clean the tables. I think this place has great potential. The hamburgers were 9.50 each by them self.
1	I heard this was a place for people who like old fashioned, pure burgers. Done the way they are supposed to be done. I guess that means served with a little black curly hair. There were 4 of us and not a single person was thrilled with their meal. It was just a burger. You could get a more flavorful burger at In-N-Out, Five Guys or in your own backyard. You can get a phenomenal burger at Guy Fieri's, Gordon Ramsey's, Burger Bar or local faves like Bachi & Fuku. The strawberry shake was good. We are locals who enjoy visiting the strip. But we just can't recommend Bobby's Burger Palace.
4	Went late at night. Got the crunch burger, didn't know it didn't come with lettuce, tomato, etc. No one told me, or I'm not very observant. The burger was good, med rare. Had more chips than one probably wants. Also had a pistachio shake(couldn't resist) and that was really good, but very strong flavor....the onion rings were fat, hot, and crunchy. After you order at the front they bring your food to your number/table and that's it. Not really any servers, kinda cafe style. It was good food but I wouldn't come down to the strip and spend $20 on it...not all that worth it.
2	all you people that have written good reviews about this place where were all those good things when i ate here on saturday?? Are you sure you werent high and just everything tasted good? Im so dissapopinted with this experience. For 4 people it was about $70 and i felt i didnt get anything special..You guys are talking about best burger this and that and putting this place in your top food lists..OVER FREAKING RATED im better off spending $15 at In n Out. alot of these places i try i just pay for the name everytime it so wasnt worth it sorry but i wont be back
5	Thumbs up from the whole family!  Burgers were tasty and cooked well.  Food came out quickly. My husband and I got burgers and my son got a grilled cheese we shared fries and onion rings.  Everything was delicious. The shakes are good too.  This is an upscale short order type place and the ambiance is very contemporary and comfortable.  We will come back next time we're in Vegas.  I wish there was a BBP in San Diego.
2	Overrated...We are huge Bobby Flay fans and we have been to Mesa grill several times.  We decided to come here, but the hamburgers have nothing really special, the flavors are bland, the buns look and taste like supermarket bread.As per the sauces, there is nothing specialWe had the Canadian, the Dallas, the supercrunch and the Philadelphia and NONE of them was great, just plain ok. There are other places in vegas with better burgers...
5	I must say it is tough to get a 5 out of me.  This place however  does it.Starting off, the outside and inside of the burger restaurant was carefully crafted. Colors are done right.  Has a style if it's own.Ordering is straight forward.Burger  -  Drink and sides.Cost though I  just think was a bit high, but in the end so worth it.My first time here so I went basic with a little chip crunch on top.Solid Dark Chocolate Milk Shake and the mix of sweet potato fries and regular fries.I will start with he fries.  Delectable dish and I had the dijon and horseradish sauce.  Spectacular!The dark chocolate milkshake was a proverbial happy punch to the stomach that was so good, I wanted more.. Smooth and not overly chocolate.  Just the right amount.Now the burger, I do love burgers and I have to shout out that the best one I have ever had is at the El Corral in Bogata Colombia.  The beef standards there are so much different and better.  However, BBP does a stellar job of setting the Angus beef standard  there and giving us good quality beef.
