4	Really not bad. Relatively fair priced too. Surely not over populated. Thai tea was real good. Food was alright too, maybe a little generic for my taste. I kind of got feeling that no matter what you order it would taste same.Never the less honest 4 *. Surely nice joint."I like"Eugene
4	Never had a bad meal at any Thai Basil, but especially this one on the corner of Rural and Chandler. I usually do take-out, but I have eaten in as well. The take-out experience has always been quick & easy - my order has always been waiting for me when I walked in. Nice, quiet dining in experience - soft music, some cool asian stuff to look at. Not usually very crowded - only real traffic seems to be the steady stream of people coming in to pick up to go orders. The curry dishes are delicious, and served in generous portions (especially when ordered for take-out). Courteous service & quality food. The spice factor seems a little inconsistent. They ask you how spicy you want it - I tell them the same thing every time, and sometimes it's really spicy and sometimes not so much.My only real complaint - the hours. They close everyday between lunch and dinner from 4-5pm, which somehow always seems to be when the craving strikes. And they're closed on Sundays.
4	I've never actually eaten in the restaurant so this review is based solely on the food. I live fairly close to Thai Basil and always pass it on my way to Trader Joe's. I finally decided to drop in and order something to go. The lady at the counter was really nice and she gave me delish iced tea while I waited, free of charge. The place, itself, was clean and very quaint. There were about 3 tables being occupied. My food was ready in about 10 minutes. I took one smell of the food and I raced home to eat! I ordered the masaman curry with tofu and brown rice. They give you heafty portions...I had enough for the next two days! The curry was so good. The brown rice mixed in made it even better. It's not the best masaman I've ever had (I'm from Cali and I'm a snob, ok?) but it was very good. This is my new go to spot for thai.
3	Got there about an hour before closing so the service we a little slow but the food was good. The veggies seemed fresh and the food was flavorful. The food is also affordable and the menu has a lot of options from which to choose. Haven't ordered takeout from here yet but will probably do so a lot in the future.
3	I picked up Pad Thai take out for lunch.  I found the sauce to be heavier than I care for.  Not bad, just too heavy.  I like Pad Thai with a light sauciness, not graviness.As a rule sauciness is much more appealing than graviness.  I'll generally take sauciness over sassyness as well.  And rudeness.  Definitely sauciness over rudeness.
5	Here's the deal, I was torn between giving this place 4 or 5 stars and here's why.  First, the portions have grown (and so has my waist) since I first started frequenting this place.  Second, I (and any invited guests) are always spoiled by the staff; they're always helpful and prompt and the restaurant itself is clean and inviting.  Last but not least, they are quick; even during a busy lunch hour, our food was out before you could make a dent in your Thai Iced Tea.Speaking of the Thai Iced Tea, it's sweet - just like I like it - yet you still get a hint of the tea with each sip (or slurp).  Actually, I wish they would use a frosted mug and forgo the ice so I could enjoy the refreshing beverage down to the last drop, instead of being greeted with a diluted concoction at the end of my meal.The Papaya salad is fresh and light, and ordering it at a medium spice will initially give you a nice kick in the mouth without melting your face off.  The Ginger stir fry plate has a nice taste, and I would definitely recommend it if you're in the mood for a vegetable and rice plate.  The Pad Thai is good, but one thing I found is that the noodles were a bit too soggy - it would've been nice if they were just a tad more firm, although I must commend the kitchen for fully cooking the shrimp as I've been to some Thai places where the shrimp arrive a bit undercooked.So is this the best Thai food I've ever had?  No, but this is a case where the whole is greater than the sum of its parts and the restaurant is definitely on my short list of good Thai places in my area.  Ultimately, the combination of the service, accommodations, and food is why I gave it a full five stars.  You'll also enjoy it if you're a big KYOT 95.5 fan since they're usually playing smooth jazz renditions of Outkast's 'I like the way you move'.  :)If you plan on checking it out, I would recommend dropping by in the evening & early in the week as the restaurant usually has only 2 or 3 patrons enjoying a quiet dinner.  Lunch hours are usually busy as Intel's main campus is only a stone's throw away.
5	Thai Basil has an cozy indoor dining area and a modest outdoor dining area. The place was beautifuI, neat and clean. I found the inside of the restaurant a bit over done with their ornaments, especially with the small statues  all placed around their bar near the cash register, but the picture frames with the elephants and buddhas were tastefully placed around the dining tables. The bamboo blinds were a very good addition to the ambiance. I especially liked the color of the tables and chairs, a kind of warm brown....The dishes took long to arrive, but probably because there were a lot of us who were ordering. The waitress did her job well and was very informative on what dishes we should try next. The refill of our glasses were very prompt and even early...my glass was only three-fourths full and she would come and refill it right away. The waitress was always smiling and in good spirits. Great service.We ordered 4 dishes - spicy noodles, chow mien, Thai basil, and silver noodles. They were all pretty good and tasty! I liked the spicy noodles the best! It had a light savory sauce and the saltiness was just right. The silver noodles with black bean sauce was a bit salty for me but it was delicious all the same. Thai basil was served with rice, it was also good but I'm not very fond of anise flavor. We had the Thai Basil in mild and we later found out it was better if it were a lot more spicier.  The chow mien was delightful, it was my second favorite among the four. It had a thick spicy sauce and crunchy vegetables. All the dishes with their noodles and vegetables were cooked just right and their noodles were a bit chewy at first but when it cooled down a bit, it was soft and yummy...I like mine chewy though. =) Every thing really smelled good!It was a great dining experience. I loved the hospitality mints...they were soft and melted in your mouth.
4	OMG. I am new to AZ and this was my first Thai experience in the Valley. Might I add it was most enjoyable. The food was excellent. The service attentive. The prices reasonable. The atmosphere cozy. I will definitely return. My order consisted of Pad Thai with chicken, seafood curry and Thai Basil (the signature dish) all of the above were excellent. I am planning my next trip as I type.
3	It's OK, but I prefer Thai Rama.
3	I bought a bunch of Restauant.com gift certificates over the holidays with the intent of finding adventure at a low cost.  So today my husband, 6-year old son, and I ventured out of Gilbert to try Thai Basil in Chandler.   I've only tried Thai food one other time and loved it so I was very excited to check this little joint out.The food was good...not incredible...not bad...but good.   My favorites were the fried sweet potatoes with a plum sauce, my husband's Seafood Thai Basil  (the signature dish), and the Coconut Soup with Chicken.  All very yummy.    My Pad Thai was OK as well.  The food overall was well cooked, appropriately seasoned, and fresh.    The atmosphere was cute and quaint...but the music made me feel like I had to whisper.    The service was slow, which was disappointing because there were very few other customers.  My husband ordered Diet Coke that came frozen in the can twice.Overall, I would eat here again, get Thai Basil take-out, and not tell my friends to stay away.
5	Thai Basil in Chandler is in a beautifully decorated space in the strip mall, at the southeast corner of Chandler Boulevard and Rural Road. The food we had there was very tasty, quite a bit lighter/less starchy than my favorite Thai place (Swaddee Thai, which is, incidentally, just a mile up the street at Ray Road and Rural Road). The lunch special I tried was chicken noodles, while my husband had the Thai Basil signature dish with beef. Both specials came with a bowl of delicately flavored soup which was a welcome change from Swaddee, which offers a salad instead. The chicken noodles dish surprised me in its bright, homey chicken broth flavor. The dish was very comforting, packed with lots of different types of vegetables and moist chicken that tasted as though it had been brined before cooking. It was not made with the wide flat rice noodles I was anticipating, however. It came with a thicker type of noodle I haven't seen in most Thai restaurants.My husband's Thai Basil was not quite as spicy as I was expecting, considering we ordered it Thai hot, but it was delicious nonetheless. It was reminiscent of a stir fry, with fresh, bright flavors and crisp veggies. The dish did not come with much sauce, so eating it with rice was a bit difficult.I also ordered a Thai iced tea, which was wonderfully cool and refreshingly strong in flavor. None of that weak, watered down tasting Thai iced tea here!Overall I would recommend Thai Basil. The restaurant is clean and pretty, the servers are friendly and efficient, and the prices are low for a lovely lunch or dinner special. Slightly less expensive than Swaddee Thai, but both restaurants offer such a unique interpretation of their signature dishes that it is worth it to frequent both.
5	I did a double-take when I saw the Thai Basil sign go up in a small strip mall near my neighborhood.  Could this really be the same Thai Basil that make my mouth water whenever I drive by it in Tempe?!  Sure enough, the brand has extended its reach to Chandler and brought its delicious food, cozy atmosphere and excellent service along for the ride.I enjoy many of their dishes but my favorite is their Pad Thai.  Unlike the gummy, overly-salty versions at other restaurants, this dish at Thai Basil maintains a delicate balance of sweet and spicy, with a nice peanut flavor.  (One of my favorite things about Thai Basil is their ability to vary the "heat" so that both my husband and I can enjoy our dishes just the way we like them.)The peanut curry is also delicious.  The vegetables are always bright, fresh and cooked minimally to convey a nice crunch.The service here is excellent, whether for takeout or dine in.  I would recommend it to anybody who loves great Thai food!
4	Since moving to Arizona almost three years ago, I have been searching and searching for a place to get even near my favorite Thai restaurant ever...Penny's in Chicago.  Found it.Other than the fact that I received both chicken AND tofu in my specifically ordered chicken only, I am getting so close to my old Chicago favorite.  The pad Thai was made exactly as spicy as I wanted and the take out was ready in precisely four minutes.Ahhh.  Delish!  And...one minute down the road from my house!
2	I've eaten here a few times and like the atmosphere, the decent food, and friendly service.  I, however, mostly get take-out here, and that is when I've been greatly disappointed.  It seems to me that the take-out portions have gotten smaller, but the prices are still the same, or maybe even higher.  Even if this is not true, the prices are too much for the amount of food I actually get.  Ordering Chinese from Hot Wok or making the five-minute drive to Thai-a-Rama is a better bet.
5	OK, if there is one thing I know, it's a really great curry. My husband grew up in England and is curry MAD so I have had my share. Let me say that Thai Basil may be the best East Asian curry house in the entire Valley. I love seeing a great local business produce such amazing food. There are many different curries on the menu including red, green, yellow and and coconut spiced dishes to name a few. For those of you fearing this sort of spice, FEAR NOT, this place does it with style & will not disappoint even the newest or most inexperienced palette. There are 5 different spice levels, 4 different meats & even noodles and rice for the Plain Jane(Coors Light Drinker/ Toyota Camry Driver) person we all know but pretend not to. Bottom Line, are you a Curryaholic? Do you just love a great meal? Thai Basil should be at the top of your list. 5 STARS!
5	Visited Thai Basil again yesterday while on my way back to the DREADED DMV. The DMV Sucked as usual, but Thai Basil was wonderful as always! I had the Red Curry Chicken & had it Thai Hot. Let me say it was the perfect amount of heat. The sauce is Sweet & hot & DELICIOUS! My husband had the Yellow Curry Chicken and was just as impressed. The food comes out in no time & the atmosphere is very ZEN if you get my drift. The music is tranquil & you can always hear birds gently tweeting in the back ground. A great break away when you have to face the dreaded DMV or on break from a hectic day at work. GOOD STUFF!!!
1	we have been to multiple thai restaurants in the SE Valley and this restaurant was by far the worst thai food we have eaten around here!! Service was alright but food quality was sub par... not returning
2	When I am craving Thai, nothing else will satisfy.  My friend and I visited Thai Basil as it was the closest Thai destination to her home, and I ordered my favorite dish of panang curry with shrimp...And I'll lay it on the line... it was pretty vile.  I'm shocked at the numerous five-star reviews I read of this particular location, because really this dish tasted nothing like the millions of other panang curries that I have tasted in my life. It was just so heavy on the peanut flavor, and utterly lacking in any other... and the shrimp were rubbery and almost inedible.  I hardly ate any, so my kind friend wrapped it up, and said excitedly, "You have an awesome lunch ready for work tomorrow!" And I didn't have the heart to tell her that there was no way I'd be able to warm it up.It's too bad... they were very friendly, it was reasonably priced, and it was a cute little place.  My dining partner seemed to enjoy her dish... maybe it was just a bad night for the curry.
5	This place is the bomb. I've been to another location, and both were good. First i ordered the spicy noodles, and today I had the yellow curry. This place is PACKED during lunch. Remember to get in before 12 or else you'd be waiting for seats.
5	I went here once several years ago and wasn't impressed, but recently I've recently gone back and I've been extremely impressed with the overall experience. I understand there was a change in management some time ago, and they are clearly doing things right.  I've been back three times recently and each time my family all agreed it was excellent.  I have dined at all the Thai Basil locations multiple times and feel that when you're craving Thai food, each of these restaurants is a consistent and reliable option.  Based on my recent experiences with this Chandler location, I have to say it is the best of all the Thai Basil restaurants in the valley.BTW, I saw someone gave a one-star rating after trying their panang curry.  I had it recently and there is no way any reasonable person could offer such a rating.  I'm a curry-loving person, and it was up there with my favorite curry dishes I've ever had.  Even if the person didn't like the particular way the sauce was prepared, everything they serve is made with a great deal of care and always with fresh ingredients--there's no way you can call it "vile" and give the restaurant one star.  That's simply ridiculous.
4	I usually eat at the Thai Basil on Rural Rd, just north of Main in Tempe for lunch.  My wife, who is gluten, soy, dairy, and sugar intolerant, and I went to this location for dinner.  (As you can imagine, it is difficult to find places where my wife may eat.)  We ordered my favorite, Red Curry Chicken, and tried the beef Red Curry.  Maybe because I have only ate lunch at the Tempe location, but the servings were much different here.  At Tempe, you get a small bowl of soup, a spring roll, and about half the amount of Curry and rice.  For dinner here, I was disappointed that it didn't include the delicious spring rolls, but the portions were huge!  My wife and I could have shared a single Curry and just ordered extra rice.  It comes in a large urn.  As usual, it was some of the best Curry I have eaten.  (I love Curry.)  My wife's beef curry was medium and was a little bland for me, but she thought my spicy was too hot.  (Here they have a rating for the heat from 1 - 5.  In Tempe, they simply ask if you want it mild, medium, or hot.  This location has extra hot, and super hot.  I just tried hot.)We will definitely be going back again despite we live 10 miles away and there are two closer locations.  Best of all, my wife could eat it.  However, it turned out to be too sweet.  I think they sweeten the coconut milk they use.  So we will have to ask about this next time.  By the way, the service was great.
4	Okay, so I think it's the actual thai basil plant that gives this amazing flavor and aroma.  I love the food here, but I suggest you stick with their specialties like Garlic Eggplant or the many others.The service is nothing to write home about and either is the decor, but let's face it where else will you get these flavors or bright beautiful vegetables?  And this is why the place is packed wall to wall by high noon, so get here early or really late.
3	i visited on jan 19 and ordered the thai basil (their signature dish) with calamari, which had a very unique flavor that was a bit masked by the spiciness. i'm a wimp when it comes to spices, and i was overwhelmed by the medium i ordered. though the dish was very good, it was, for a dish dish consisting mostly of vegetables, on the scant side for 11.95. my friend ordered a curry, and it was a sizable portion, presented in a clay pot. i sneaked a bite, and it was very good too.the place is comfortable and intimate, with booths and tables, and the wait staff is very friendly.
4	great curry!!!  OMG.  cute little place.  service was good, except for our meals (2 of us) came about 5 minutes a part from each other.    Woudl have been a 5 star had they not screwed that up...and they did not comment on the mistake either...woudl go back for the food though!
4	I enjoyed a really good lunch here today thanks to a Living Social $20 gift certificate.  The only downside was that we had to order off the dinner menu and this was not indicated on the certificate. The place was completely full by 12:30, it has a nice ambiance, overall, and the service was pretty prompt and friendly.  Here's what we ordered:- Spring rolls (non-fried, vietanmese style) - Very good and included two large rolls with peanut dipping sauce.  This appetizer is very light and healthy and almost reminds me of a seaweed salad- Spicy noodles w/ pork - Very good and included more veggies (carrots, broccoli and cabbage) than Pad Thai, although I prefer the Pad Thai flavors over this particular sauce; also a good sized portion and plenty for two to share- Coconut ice cream w/ fried bananas - DELICIOUS; this was decadent and an amazing combination of flavors; the fried bananas were light and fluffy (not greasy) and a perfect balance to the ice cream which had chunks of pineapple; my dining companion felt that it could have used more coconutOverall, it was a great lunch and they even continued refilling our drinks as we sat there and talked for about two hours.
1	Went to Thai Basil on Chandler in Ahwatukee a little over a year ago and haven't been back since.  We waited over an hour for our food and it was burnt and tasted bad and it seemed like the whole place had no idea what they were doing.  Got a front row seat to a rather portly gentlemen who was picking up a to go order and had to wait over an hour for it as well once he got in the restraunt to pick up his food.   Guy made a huge scene in front of everyone in the joint while he yelled at the staff, and eventually walked out after they refunded him his money.  If I want this kind of service and food I'll go eat over at Native New Yorker on cheap chicken wing night.  If you want good Thai food go to Yupha's in Tempe, that place destroy Thai Basil in every single way period.
5	this place is fantastic! a hidden gem in chandler! i'm in phoenix and hardly go to chandler, but thai basil is so good that i'm just looking for an excuse to be out that way again!
5	I went there tonight & I'm impressed. The service was awesome & the food very tasty! I'll definitely go back soon with my family! Also the place is really cute & cozy
2	The food isn't too bad but the spice level needs work. I ordered Hot and it was hot but my friend ordered med and there was very little to no spice.The service is really bad. there nice but really don't know how run a restaurant or serve. There was 3 people to do everything and there was no order to anything. They forgot what table ordered what and was very unorganized  I went because of the groupon but will not be returning. It may worth a try with the groupon.
4	Tucked in a quite plaza In Chandler AZ, is an un-assuming, little Thai restaurant with BIG flavor. Despite the lack-luster curb appeal from the outside, the inside is quaint and clean. Get things started with some spring rolls. The sauce isn't mind blowing, but those 6 dainty morsels of fried goodness have got some real flavors goin on. (especially when dipped in your curry)I recommend their signature dish, "Thai Basil," for those who haven't been here before. I prefer an extra spicy, KANG-DANG (red curry): Your choice of meat, simmered in coconut milk with bamboo shoots, bell pepper, broccoli, carrots, green beans and Thai basil, Served with jasmine rice.  I will say, some menu items are hit and miss. So don't judge this place based on ONE dish you don't like. (You can find something you aren't going to like on every menu across the country). Friendly service, fresh ingredients, and an authentic "je ne sais quoi," earn Thai Basil 4 stars. "I'm a fan." Eat well, Live well, and surround yourselves with ones who do.  - Cheers
2	We came on Saturday night, prime dinner time, with a group-on, and although we were seated right away, we didn't receive our drinks until at least 25 minutes in (my husband starting timing when the wait became extraordinary) and then they ran out of our appetizer, so we had to reorder, and it then came with the entrees at once all ten minutes later. Yes it was busy and they were overwhelmed, but Restaurant 101 should be to serve your wine first & early so the customers aren't so conscious of waiting. Also, some of the waiters were definitely doing housekeeping tasks (filing receipts, etc) instead of getting us our drinks. The food was a-ok for Thai Food, tasty, but not the most steller ingredients (all of the veggies were frozen, etc). All in all, happy to see diversity in the Chandler restaurant scene, but I expected better.
4	Good Thai food and nice atmosphere.  The Tom yum is good as is the chai tea.   Recommend is you like spicy food.
5	Friendly, expedient service, delicious Thai iced tea !!!  The people are so gracious for your visiting...  The Pad Thai with chicken was filling and delicious.  The Curried Chicken Noodles and Tempura Battered Shimp-a perfect starter for the meal.  Highly recommend it if you are in Ahwatukee....
2	Chicken satay appetizer was good. Staff was friendly but that's about all I can say. Soft shell crab serving was disgusting. Small portion of crab as well. Thai basil wasn't very good either. Lacked flavor. Overall too expensive and not good enough. Won't return anytime soon.
3	I don't know why I waited so long to try this place when it is literally right around the corner from my house.  I think its because I went to the one in Ahwatukee a long time ago and didn't care for the food.  But I don't think they have the same owners since the websites are totally different.  But anyway, on to the review.We ordered takeout and I was very impressed with how nicely it was all packaged and how quickly it was ready.  Also, the woman on the phone was very friendly, easy to understand in spite of an accent, and patient in explaining the menu items that I was unfamiliar with. All the appetizers sounded so good, we decided to get a bunch so the hubby and I could just pick at them since he was sick and didn't have much of an appetite.  However, the portions were bigger than expected so we ended up with quite a lot of food.  Lettuce wraps were very tasty, I loved the dressing on them.  Eggrolls were good but a little too much "wrapper" and not enough filling IMO.  Sweet potato chips were not what I was expecting, they were the white sweet potatoes that really don't have much taste to them and they were deep fried with I believe a panko breading on them.  A little bland but the sweet/hot dipping sauce they came with was fantastic.  I loved it so much I would order this again just for the sauce.  Also got some chicken soup for the sick hubby which I didn't try but he said was quite good. I threw in some pad thai noodles since that basic dish is always my test when evaluating a new Thai restaurant.  I asked for a four (out of five) on the spiciness scale and that was perfect for me.  I was very pleased at the heat level and overall flavor of the dish.  So many places hold back on the chiles if you are American, even if I insist I want it hot, and I have never understood why. The only thing missing was a squeeze of lime and garnish of fresh cilantro that I like on my pad thai.  Presumably you could get that upon request if you were dining in, it was no big deal to me since I had some at home.I still prefer Yupha's as the best Thai in the area.  But I will definitely be back here for takeout because of the friendly, speedy service and convenient location.  I noticed some wine bottles in the back when I was picking up my food so that may entice me to dine-in at some point as well.
5	Love the food here.  Been here a few times and got the peanut curry twice and been delish.  Thai iced tea was great as well.  Only been there during lunch and everything seems pretty good so far.  Went with coworkers and family and they all loved it too.  Service was fast, prompt and nice.  Will be back again to try other dishes.
3	Good thai food. I ordered the spicy noodles with tofu..and I asked for maximum hot.....oo and it was good. Good service. Not the greatest thai food I ate but still good.
3	This is close to my work.  The food is always pretty good and the service is always friendly but frantic (seems like they are always short staffed).  I love their curries and should stick with those as they do them well.  I have also had their Pad Thai, Thai Basil and Drunken noodles dishes which are all pretty good.  All their meals come with a little cup of soup to start and a spring roll with the meal.  Definitely not fancy but the food is good.
5	I have been saving my 100th review for my favorite restaurant of all time. We found Thai Basil over a year ago now and have been loyal customers, going at least once a week and sometimes more than that, since last July. Everyone who works here is super friendly, and they know us now and know what we like to order by heart. We just walk in now and they see us and say "Spicy noodle, tofu, hot, right?" Its pretty great having a place that knows my regular order. I have tried most of the menu items. The garlic eggplant is also pretty great. The thai basil is also amazing. I have generally liked everything I have had here except the curry. I never have had a good curry experience. Both of the times I ordered it I ended up with long black hairs in it (which they quickly replaced with a new order) but I just wasn't a fan. Maybe it's because of the coconut milk and it makes it too sweet. The spring rolls are also the best here out of every spring roll I have had anywhere. Before I went vegan again last year we also got the fried banana ice cream pretty often. That is pretty amazing. If you eat dairy, you have to try it at least once. Thai Basil is one of our regular spots to eat out, and we hope its here to stay for many more years to come. I don't know what I would do without my spicy noodles!!!
5	Love this place.... Anytime, me and my office buddies go out for lunch, this is the place I want to go to..I'm a veggie person, and I just love their Thai Basil Fried rice!! AND... I love eating SPICY!! So, once in a while, I love taking the fried rice with the 5* spice level. Just love it!! Caution ppl, if you're having it for the 1st time, I'd recommend breaking into the 4* first, and then dig your way into the 5*...The staff is courteous, and the ambiance is good....Highly recommended for lunch outings....
4	"The food was excellent and the staff is very friendly. I would definitely recommend this place if you like Thai food. We had the red and peanut curry chicken, one of the best we have had and i travel alot. The restaurant was very nice and clean."
4	This place was so awesome! Great food and great service... I ordered an appetizer -- egg rolls. I was very surprised at how many were in the order. Usually there are 3 or 4 but this had around 6 or so and they were amazing.. Nice and flaky and the sauce was very good. I ordered the spicy noodles in a medium spice level. I thought it was perfect and my family ordered different dishes as well that were super. The service was excellent !
4	I tried this place a couple weeks ago for lunch, and it was good.  I got the garlic chili vegetables with tofu...heat level 3.  Boy was I sweating!  Really good though!  The only bad things were that the soup was barely warm and the toilet wouldn't flush in the ladies room.  Great service though....food came out super fast!  Will definitely go again.
1	The food is good if they can get your order right. 2nd time in a row they have screwed up my take out dinner order. I even confirmed my order this time when picking up (ordered no spice) and the guy said medium spice, and I said "no, it should be no spice"  and he said "yes, no spice." Well, I take my food home and lo and behold, my food is spicy. Thanks for lying to my face dude. Makes me regret leaving a top.
5	Xlnt yellow curry & tod mun. We went for take out during the employees lunch hour on accident. Yet they were gracious & helpful. Beatiful decor and great food!
3	Was really excited to see that they deliver and called in with a large order on, but sadly to no avail. I was made aware they no longer deliver and my salivating and dreams of yellow curry and satay were crushed.
5	Excellent. Enough said. Also, excellent. And that's my final answer.
5	FanTastic!!!! Awesome!Delish! We love thai food and this is a great spot!
3	Average Thai food place.  Nothing too special.Nice dining area.  Pleasent staff.
4	Good lunch specials.  Thai lunch prices seem too high, but I am okay at Thai Basil.  I am becoming a regular, based on price alone.  If they raise their lunch special anymore, I'd have to go down the street or bring the brown bag for lunch.
4	I can't believe how fast their food comes out. It seemed like it only took ten minutes for me to start eating my Panang Curry after I ordered it. Create servers and good food for the price and for the time it takes to cook it.
5	I have visited this location regularly over the last few years, mostly for lunch but also for dinner. All of the servers are great, but we usually have Brian. He always remembers me and what I like to order as well as asks questions that show thoughtfulness and the desire to build relationships with customers. I normally get sweet and sour shrimp or chicken, but have also had the pad thai. My absolute favorite here are the spring rolls! They are made with tofu paper (no gluten), so I can have them! My favorite! Everything I've had here is very tasty!
5	I absolutely love this place. I had been stuck with the flu and needed something spicy and tasty to help with being decongestant. My friend and I had found this place on our drive to Chandler Mall. We were not sure where to eat and I just happen to see this establishment as we passed Rural and Chandler Blvd. I am sure glad we stopped here! I ordered their fresh rolls with shrimp that is freshly prepared. The fresh rolls with served with a sauce that tasted very similar to peanut butter; it must try! For the main entree, I ordered the spicy fried rice but asked to make it Thai hot. I was sick with the flu but managed to eat my entire meal. I had went with my friend who is Thai and she was even impressed with the dishes. I recommend to anyone with taste buds! We will be returning soon as I believe for February through March, they are offering 15% off your check on Sundays.
1	The place is very busy for lunch. All tables are full making you think it must be a good place. But service is terrible. Servers dont seem to like working or even greet you with a smile.after waiting 40 min for lunch to arrive. There was a hair in my appetizer and they brought me a new appetizer  with saute' chicken and one piece of stick was broken in the meat that they never removed . And then they forgot about my lunch and they were so busy. Their server came and apologize but they didn't even give me food to go at no charge as a courtesy
4	Great food, great service, and a great lunch menu!
5	I come here quite often for lunch..it's always packed, but service is pretty quick...one of my gotos for lunch under an hour (assuming you get there by 11:30).  The staff is super nice...and always accommodating to vegetarian diets.  Their scale of spicy is pretty regular...( some places a 3 isn't always a 3). And the food is yummy! My goto favs are Thai basil, Garlic, and spicy noodle.
2	Thai Basil is a cheap Thai food restaurant that skimps on the details. I've only been for lunch.  Quaity is good if you want curry, but not so good if you want fried rice or noodles.The good:- Very cheap lunch specials.- Dining room is clean and well-kept.- Curries are very tasty.The bad:- Some food is prepared hastily.  Fried rice is not chopped up and noodles are not separated prior to frying.  This leads to a lot of raw, unflavored noodles and rice in the dish.
1	Food was horrible.  Way overpriced.  Not recommended at all!   Pad thai noodles extremely dry, chicken tasted reused.  Steer clear!!
5	This place is perfect for lunch only if you go before 11.50am. It's close to workplace, has quick service and good food making it ideal for quick lunches. Garlic and red curry are really good.
3	We went to dinner at this location the other night, after having been to the one on University Blvd a few different times now. Everything was alright but the food definitely didn't have the same flavors as the other place.We ordered the Pad See Ew with chicken, the Massaman Curry with chicken, and Cashew Chicken. The Cashew Chicken was probably the best thing that was served. It sauce was flavorful (even though it was a bit on the salty side) and tasted good with the vegetables & side of rice. I ended up getting the Massaman Curry due to the recommendation of our waiter, but in hindsight, I probably would've gone with the Panang Curry instead. And just a note - even though we ordered everything at medium spiciness, it was a bit more towards the hot side, but we didn't mind.We rounded out our meal with some dessert - the fried banana ice-cream. It was a huge disappointment and I will definitely never be ordering it again. The fried bananas were way too oily and not very tasty at all. The ice-cream was just okay, nothing special.Overall, everything was just alright. There's another Thai restaurant just up the road that offers a more tasty selection of foods so I just don't really see myself going back here.
5	This is the best thai food in town!! I have never eaten anything bad here and the eggplant with chicken is my favorite.  Great customer service as well, they get you in and out in time for a lunch hour lunch.
3	First time at this Thai Basil. Arrived at 7 on a Wednesday night and there were four other tables full. We were greeted right away and offered menus. We are Thai aficionados so we only took two minutes to decide: Larb, Beef Pad Thai and Yellow Curry Chicken - all pretty standard Thai food. Our server was pleasant and accommodating to allergies. She was also very quick. Our Larb arrived in about six minutes. It was seasoned well, with a good balance of sweet and fish sauces. We felt there was three times the amount of lettuce needed for the meat tho. The rest of our meal arrived 7-8 minutes later. The Curry Chicken was good but there was only about 2 ounces of chicken. Same for the Beef Pad Thai-very little beef. The service and flavor deserved five stars no doubt but they are skimping on costs and not doing these classic dishes justice.
2	Charged us (group of 5)18% tip for lunch without notice. We ended up double tipping for average food and service.
