5	This is another place I would go to all the time for lunch when I worked at Shea Medical Plaza. I know you probably think that is weird, but this Sprouts has an awesome deli and tons of things ready to go. I would also find healthy snacks and beverages that I could keep at my desk like whole grain pretzels or vitamin water. Gotta seem healthy when you work at a doctors office! If I had the budget I would shop at Sprouts all the time for all my groceries, but most of my college student budget goes to the ten for tens at Fry's. EH. Also if you are into organic beauty products Sprouts offers a ton.
4	This is really a 3.5 review but because its large I'll round up.I really wanted to like Sprouts but I left feeling "meh."  The produce section is quite large, larger than TJ's for sure, but the quality of the produce was atrocious.  The green peppers looked diseased and the red peppers were insanely expensive for what they are!  And that's to say nothing of the organic produce which is some of the most expensive organic produce I've ever seen.  Produce was really the whole reason I came in so it was disappointing.They have a large deli section which is nice in addition to "regular" groceries.  I have to say that I wasn't impressed with the grocery selection, from the frozen foods to the bread it was just ok.  The liquor department was meager and not well organized.  Even though it is three times the size of TJ's I will probably not be making it a point to shop here.
4	Sprouts generally has a good deal on yellow, red and green bell peppers from old Mexico plus melons and tomatoes.  If you fancy sweet potatoes with light yellow texture (not yams) Sprouts seems to have them year round even when Safeway and others don't.  I have personally found the sweet potatoes to be consistently better at Sprouts than anywhere in Scottsdale. The fish looks good but sometimes is fishy depending upon the day of the week.  Yellow fin and salmon can go either way but a good value when fresh and the pits when stinky.  For stinky fish add lots of lime to cut the fishy taste. There are tons of pills of all sorts with weekly specials.  If you go on a Wednesday the specials cover the previous week and the coming week.  There is a good selection of low cost quality wines with some differences from TJs.  Checkout today was pleasant when the clerk asked if I was over 21.  Dah was he trying to butter me up?
1	This place can eat my ass!! I went to the deli to get a sandwhich. So I asked the clerk if they used any partially hydrogenated oils.She had to call her corporate office.They called her back to tell her the verdict...........................(..........................= drumroll)Bingo!  The harmfull oil is in there wheat bread and the white bread!!!AMAZING!! I could never support a supposed health food store that uses an oil like that. If you dont know how bad it is. peep this outbantransfat.com
4	I love Sprouts. The fact that herds of old women instinctively flock to and roam around the store like cows in a pasture is the only reason I don't give it a full 5 stars. It is a great place to old women watch. I like to hide behind the watermelons and spy on them. The cashier couldn't seem to figure out how to change the receipt paper roll. She fumbled with it, like me tryin to catch a lazy fly ball on a softball field. The other thing is they should have more wet floor signs, cuz i tend to fall down a lot. Please don't leave any banana peels lyin around. Other than that, great sandwiches and produce.
3	I have to say that for my first trip to a Sprouts, I wasn't terribly excited. On the whole I think the prices here are 10 to 30 cents more than other chains, including Trader Joes, and possibly Whole Foods. I found everything I was looking for, and they have a killer bulk area, which made me think Sprouts is copying Sunflower (or maybe the other way around). Great looking produce, loads of natural products and all my favorite organics, but the prepared foods area is dismal, really. It had a few salads, 5 wraps and hummus. I don't know what Sprouts offers that would draw me back over hitting up the Fry's or Safeway that are nearby.
4	Love this Sprout's location!  I usually shop at the one on Ray and Dobson in Chandler, and this Scottsdale location is so much better- larger, cleaner, more organized!  Too bad I live so far away to visit more often :(I'd give five stars except all of the prepared foods at the deli counter contain corn syrup and other corn ingredients.  One would think that such a health-conscious grocery store would lean towards using better-for-you ingredients and keep away from HF and regular corn syrup, among other things...
4	I love Sprouts and do most of my grocery shopping there.  I will say that some of their prices are not competitive with my other favorite grocery store, Trader Joes, however, for the most part, I do find that their fruit and veg is reasonably priced as are many of their meats.
5	Wow!  What a selection!  The veggies and fruits were just gorgeous and reasonably priced.  A large selection of 'real' food... not all this froze and canned stuff.I love all the herbs and holistic alternatives they offer.  It's a wonderful alternative to the big "chain" grocery stores.  Not a place to buy toilet paper... save that for Walmart!  If you're looking for a store to add quality and value into you life, then Sprouts is the place to go!
5	They have the best sandwiches at the best price in the valley.
2	Okay, I am confused...one day I get the best deal in town another day the prices are higher than AJ's. I purchased green and yellow squash and it was $.40 per pound more than any other grocery I shop and not a sale any where. Yes they do carry some items I have a hard time finding. It is not a one stop grocery store, so I find myself still having to make 1 or 2 other stops.The good part is the herbal/vitamin area has knowledgeable staff that can help you get what you need. The rest of the staff is spotty asmto being helpful or not - depends on the day of the week or the mood of the day. I' ll still shop there occasionally for a few items - particularly gluten free. I hope they do the retrain on some and get the group humming with a higher customer service attitude.
3	Kinda up and down...at times the prices are the best, other times the highest. They do have a great selection of gluten items and that will have me going back. They have some of the best prices on the nutritional supplements and one of the best selections, even over stores that only carry nutritional items. The people that work this department know their stuff, so don't be afraid to ask for help or suggestions!
1	How many times do I have to get crappy blueberries from Sprouts before I learn my lesson?
4	I buy the majority of my groceries from Sprouts.  I take advantage of their HUGE bulk selection to stock up on premium-quality items like dried beans, steel cut oats & oatmeal, dried fruit & veggies, granola, rice,  pancake mix, snacks (my weakness are the whole wheat honey pretzel twists), chocolate, and baking staples....best of all the prices are cheap.The produce is usually of good quality. Sometimes items aren't the best, and prices can fluctuate depending on the weather in the US, but that's true of every grocery store. They sell pre-sliced lunch meat and meals to go, and I've heard great things about the made-to-order sandwiches for $4 (available during lunch). Don't expect to find items made by Pepsi or Frito-Lay; yet, this is exactly why I like Sprouts.  The oldies music always cheers me up too. I always look forward to shopping here.
4	This is an inexpensive option for our weekly shopping. I appreciate their dedication to using quality products and fresh/organic produce - though I usually stop by F&E after work for their ready-to-heat meals that take just seconds to prepare after I get home.
3	I find this location to have a fantastic selection of produce. Many times if I have a food project (jams/jellies, soups, salads, etc), I find myself at this particular spot because of their strong selection of fresh fruits and vegetables.I am a little critical on the review because of their pricing. I've found the pricing to be a touch on the higher side when compared to to Sunflower Market or Trader Joe's....BUT maybe it's the law of Supply and Demand? Meh, who knows?The store is laid out well. Easy to navigate, as are most Sprouts stores. The bulk selection is quite nice. Everything is priced well here. I buy my steel cut oats, nuts, and whatnots here. Also, I am a sucker for their selection of Hansen's Natural Sodas.
5	We are IN LOVE with this place!!! We even took family here when they came from out of town. We are big produce buyers (don't buy much processed foods), and this place has amazing prices and quality of produce. If you are a healthy eater and eat mainly non-processed foods, I would HIGHLY recommend this place. It's nice and airy and not cramped at all. The staff is always very helpful!
4	Pretty decent selection.  Better prices than Whole Foods.
4	We have found Sprouts to be one of the best green grocers in the area, though at times, as others have mentioned the prices can be on the high sign.  That said, this is a good location although you sometimes need to fight the traffic from neighboring Chompie's and Starbucks.  The produce is always fresh and you can get those hard to find items for those more unusually recipes here.    I also like their cheese selection and sometimes make a trip just for that.The staff has always been very helpful and we enjoy shopping here.  But this is not our weekly grocery, since we too are mindful of the prices that are not on special that week.
5	Updating my review. Five stars Bitches!A coworker told me to go check out their $2.99 sandwiches. Whoa. These are the most amazing things EVER.You walk up to the deli, grab a little slip of paper, fill it out, hand it to the nice guy, and he will make a sandwich that will rock the very foundation of your life. My personal favorite is turkey on multigrain bread, with all the veggies, avocado (a buck extra), light mustard, and sprouts (of course). This sandwich alone makes this store worthy of a five star review. Stop reading this review and drive your ass to this store. NOW.
5	This review is for the Sprouts Deli only (I'll review the store seperately)where you can get some delectable, loaded with quality deli meat, sandwiches for only $2.99 each. First of all, $2.99 for a sandwich at any deli is unheard of so I was slightly skeptical. I thought they must skimp on the meat but they definitely do not. There are little pieces of paper with all your sandwich creation options that you simply put a check mark next to if you want it on your sandwich. Turkey? Check. Multigrain Bread? Check. Mustard? Go easy. (Several of the options have a box to check if you want them to 'go easy' such as Mayo, Mustard, Salt and Pepper, etc.) FYI - Cheese, Bacon, and Avacado are an extra 50 cents each. But they are not shy about loading it on. A couple THICK slices of pepper jack cheese splapped on there is worth the 2 quarters. Hell, spread on a copious amount of crushed avacado in place of some Mayo and you still have a killer sandwich at a mere 3.99!I let the guy whip that shit up for me while I shop the store and it's sitting there waiting for me in a matter of minutes. Absolutely worth the money, definitely worth the trip, and just straight up delicious!
2	I decided to go here because many of my friends have raved about the freshness of their food. I bought a halibut filet and it was ok, but I did find three bones in it. I hate finding bones in my fish filets! I also got excited when I went to the meat department and saw an array of sausages! I ended up getting some andioulle sausage. This was the worst sausage I have ever had in my life!!! I grilled them and they came dry and completely flavorless! They were awful! I can't express how disappointed I was! I think I'm going to stick with Whole Foods!
4	I like all the Sprouts locations I've visited, but this is my most frequented one. I go once or twice a week for good and fairly priced produce. I hardly ever get a disappointing fruit or veggie from Sprouts. The fun and adventurous thing about this location is that most of the customers at any given time seem to be retirees. In the parking lot, if you see back-up lights on a car, you'd better run! They don't look and they don't pause before backing out. Yes, it may take them making a 7 point turn to get out of that spot, but by golly, they are not stopping for man nor beast. I usually just walk in the gravel medians! Sigh... I look forward to being a retiree myself one day and not giving a flip about what anyone else is doing.
5	This place is bomb! I often come to this Sprouts for lunch because they have $2.99 sandwiches, that will rock your socks off! OK, I mean that metaphorically not literally, calm down. Their sandwiches are always loaded up with the good stuff and they have so many topping choices! I always get turkey on multigrain with mayo, mustard, red onion, tomato, lettuce and sprouts. YUM! They have a glorious selection of trail mixes that you pay for by the pound so you can load up for the week or just for an afternoon snack, nuts anyone? They have really great prices, so you can't go wrong. I would do all of my grocery shopping here if there was one closer to my house. Having said that, this review is based on my lunch break visits.
4	My girlfriend told me about the cheap sandwiches, they have at Sprouts, $2.99 that is cheap, and they are ssoooo good ! Best prices, on Avacados, Broccoli, right now at least, don't think they always have the best prices, on Veggies, and Fruit !
4	We found Sprouts shortly after moving to town.  There's a nice selection of Groceries & Vitamins.  It's like a cheaper, smaller version of Whole Foods.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/g28b-5cvHgB-p8j59f370g?select=stCJ1HuorzNtxmprpezaAAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/g28b-5cvHgB-p8j59f370g?select=J2rTcyvakIwIEEnGCdsRKwWe shop here at least once a week.  I like their selection of Peppers....I like my spicy food!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/g28b-5cvHgB-p8j59f370g?select=19-XvIaBGHuFpKGeKwX2eAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/g28b-5cvHgB-p8j59f370g?select=b3VNnU-JuRGEOt1J5y7Xcwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/g28b-5cvHgB-p8j59f370g?select=dRAhEu9LmoD2qHAqLYWleATheir freshly made Pizza isn't too bad either.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/g28b-5cvHgB-p8j59f370g?select=HBBENkGPWZeccT92sHsvvwOverall, it's a nice shopping experience for all of us.Return Factor - 100%
5	I can't say I've had a bad experience here yet. Sprouts always seems to have a good selection of organic produce for the price they are offering.The bread basket granola is moist and amazing-hard to find in other stores, but Sprouts carries a variety of flavors in their bakery section.  The dog food is always priced lower than I have seen it in other health food stores like whole foods. This is not too big or distracting of a store and it is easy to get in and out of!
4	I've been frequenting this location for about 9 months now and am pretty happy with the selection. Not that I'm a vegetarian, but I'm a big produce guy and everything seems fresh and for the most part either come from California or Mexico. I also suspect their meats and chicken are more naturally raised and fed...at least when compared to a few other grocery stores I have purchased from. I like that you won't see products from more well-known brands. It makes them more distinct and choosy in what they offer and I believe that's why I prefer doing much of my grocery shopping here. It doesn't have the huge corporate boxed store feel from the more well-known stores like Safeway, Frys, and Bashas that saturate the city, but they still maintain reasonable prices. The parking lot in this strip mall is relatively small, but I've never had trouble parking during the weekends when I visit. A few other short, but important viewpoints: 1) The staff are friendly.2) They play old music, perhaps, from the 50's, 60's, & 70's, which I'm  not a big fan of but I can get past that.Also, my sister came in here once inquiring whether they had a particular root beer that she liked. They didn't, but offered to order it for her. She decided not to take them up on the offer. I don't know how prevalent it is for grocery stores to order something for you that they don't normally stock, but you may find this to be a helpful tip.
4	Although prices are right, and service is more than excellent, produce can often be second-rate.  Alas.
5	I like Sprouts, though there is none too close to my house. I do find them when i and out and about , here and there. Sprouts has a good price on everything. We got wonderful Lobster tails there and Buffalo Steak. For a great surf and turf dinner. Both the Lobster and the Buffalo steaks were great! Can't beat it.  Lobster tails were only $6.00 a each!   Lots of good things to choose from here and .5cents off your bill for every bag you in.
5	I love this store. There produce selection is awesome! Everything is so fresh and not overly expensive.
4	I wish there was a Sprouts closer to me, but when I need my Sprouts fix, this is my go-to location. Think of Sprouts like Whole Foods eclectic little brother. It's full of organic cuisine, some of which is really tasty and some that is just a little too, umm, organic for my liking. However, typically I find delicious eats here. They have great finds such as Walden Farms dressing that has zero calories and fat. Yum! They have tasty sandwiches, delicious (and organic) desserts, items perfect for any dietary restriction and plenty of snacks that will keep your tummy satisfied and your waistline small. That's all for me, but after writing this review, I realized that I need to pay a visit to Sprouts very soon!
4	Sprouts is basically a Whole Foods without the customary grabbing of the ankles at the cash register.  They have a good selection of vitamins and supplements and a great aisle full of all natural personal care products (which appear to be working quite well judging from the appearance of the female shoppers at this particular location). The only downside is the meat/deli section. I wish they had more cuts of grass fed beef and a better selection of fresh soup.
5	My fave grocery store! They have a great selection of produce at amazing prices. I mostly take a trip to Sprouts when I am in need of fruits, veggies, and chicken breast. They do have a great selection of other products as well, including sprouted breads - my favorite being the Alvarado Bakery Flax bread. They also have great prices on bulk items and their nuts, like raw almonds, are frequently on sale. They aren't as bountiful in their selection of meats/deli meats - such as grass-fed beef - as some other stores may be, but I don't doubt this will change as more shoppers visit and the demand is higher.Overall, Sprouts is always my first choice for groceries!
4	A Whole Foods that is actually affordable? Sign my organic ass up!While the quality of the food can't rival WF's offering, Sprouts will certainly satisfy your healthy, organic and culture-curious cravings. Some successes:- Mint chocolate almonds- Chili dried mangoes- Labneh (sour yogurt) and hummus, two middle eastern staplesI have to note though that the Deli is kinda meh. It's a good deal, don't get me wrong, but I found my turkey avocado on wheat rather bland and uninspiring. Oops. Guess I'll grab a bunch of that granola and be on my way now...
4	I've been coming to this Sprouts for over 8 years now, wow, time flies.  I love the way they keep their vegetables and fruits.  It looks so appealing.  I end up buying more than I was planning.  Sometimes they have great deals on organic produce.  I try to eat organic as much as possible.  I like that their ground beef comes from grass fed cows, and their pork loins are the leanest I have found.  I get some supplements there also.  It is a little far from my house, but worth the trip.
4	Big fan of Sprouts. BIG.I mainly go for their outstanding produce selection, I'm not a registered vegan - just a lady who loves to eat healthy.First of all, their prices on prouduce beat Safeway, Fry's, even WalMart out of the water sometimes. Love the fact that they have bulk, dry food section - I buy my bulk quinoa, brown rice, etc there. However, be aware of the sugary bulk treats in there too (dangerous for me). I discovered plaintain chips AND cancha (dried Peruvian corn) today. Those are 2 of my weak spots but I didn't let temptation get the best of me. ;)I do think their other items (salad dressing/cereal) are a bit pricy - so, I tend to hover around the green section.
4	I'm a huge fan of their Wednesday prices and really enjoy the selection of good quality produce at farmer's market prices.  It's always a bit crowded and the parking lot is a disaster, which is why the 4 stars. Overall, people are super nice and friendly and the food is high quality/organic for really reasonable prices.
5	Great sandwiches and the coolest night crew deli guys. Love Sprouts!
5	Love the veggie chips!  I shop here all the time, mainly for the fresh produce and reasonable prices.  I used to shop at Whole Foods but Sprouts carries most of the frozen and dried goods of the same brands and they're about 25 percent less.  Watch out for the weekly sales, lots of good savings especially items like Kombucha.  Best and cheapest sandwiches too, $3.00  and it's loaded with fillings and much cheaper than the popular sandwich chain and lots of good choices.
4	This shopping center is NUTS. Coming off the Loop 101, you have to fight to be in the farthest right lane and pass the ginormous Fry's shopping center and health center. Then when turning into this shopping center, you have to weave around pedestrians, cars idling for the liquor shop, and random shopping carts lurking. Trying to find parking is a nightmare. Once you are done shopping, the act of trying to get out of the shopping center/parking lot is even more stressful. Unfortunately, this is the closest Sprouts to work. I would come here more often if it for the stress of trying to get in/out. The actual store is really nice. It's large and clean. They have great prices on produce, so that is why I go. I mean $0.99 blueberries? I guess I'd fight traffic for that.
5	Best market in the world! I LOVE Sprouts!
4	Love this store!  Offers just enough variety of healthy options without putting you into sensory overload like Whole Foods does.  They have a small selection of "quick" foods such as sandwiches, soups, pre-packaged salads and sushi.  I do wish they had more selection for lunch during the work week.  Prices are very competitive, the produce is hands down the best quality and price!  The bulk items are very handy!Parking can be an issue at this location right around 6pm-ish during the week.Don't forget to bring your own bags, they give you a $.05 credit!
3	Love Sprouts but today, the cashier was RUDE!!!!  I asked for paper instead of plastic & she seems perturbed, ripped the paper bag as she was putting my groceries in and when I td her that the paper bag was ripped, she very rudely told me that it still works and dismissed me and went on to the next customer!  Hmmmmm...  I come here all the time and this is the first time that I was treated this way...
4	I shop here every few weeks to stock up on things that I cannot find at other stores ie: the great gluten free selection and organic produce. I also like to buy nuts in bulk and there is a wide selection. Prices are higher than your average grocery store, but a much better selection as a whole. It's just too bad that we have to pay more to eat more healthy.
5	Every time we go to Scottsdale, we always make a Whole Foods run....but that's not always convenient.  Had I known about Sprouts earlier, I would have been here years ago.  Bonus points for their own house brand of coconut water, which tastes exactly like Amy & Brian's, which is my favorite.
5	The best deals on organic, non GMO, and other awesome goodies. Also the best price in non-GMO tofu!! I love shopping here for all my grocery needs... :)
4	Next to tj, this is my second favorite place for groceries. They have a huge selection of vitamins and beauty care and the staff is very knowledgable in this area. The best deal here is their sandwiches at the deli, they use high quality boars head meat and it starts at just $4! And they do not skimp on the meat, love this place
4	Great grocery store and more!  This is a bright, clean location with good-quality fresh produce and a nice selection of everything else. This is a go-to for my family.  We come here once every week or two, and it's where we buy the majority of our produce, bread, smooothie ingredients and toiletries.If you've never been to Sprouts before, it's a huge natural store - produce, groceries, frozen stuff and household goods.  It's a much more reasonably priced, smaller and more casual Whole Foods.  They have big bulk bins of all kinds of things, from different types of flour, flax and nuts to dried fruit, yogurt pretzels and chocolate-covered fruit/nuts.  You can get a small amount as an ingredient or a lasting supply.  My husband finds all of this really useful for healthy recipes and smoothies.  They have great natural brands of toilettries, including Tom's of Maine, Burt's Bees, lots of neat brands I've never seen anywhere else).  The selection is eclectic and excellent.  They don't have all the same brands and items as the regular grocery store, but they do have almost everything we need, so we hit the regular grocery store every few weeks for a few miscellaneous items.
5	5 Stars! I've been shopping here for YEARS! I mainly go morning/mid day and the employees are always super nice and friendly! I'm always able to find someone on the floor if I have a question. Prefer this store over Trader Joes! They have such a wide variety of delicious products! I wish they had pre-packed speciality salads, like a yummy spinach salad with some vegan things. That would be yummy! Let me know if you need some ideas =)
5	Great location! Very clean. A lot of variety. Great customer service every time. Eric in produce is very helpful. Love the deli sandwiches!!! You can never go wrong there it's all Boars Head meats & cheeses
1	I had a really rude experience today at Sprouts in Scottsdale. I have been coming here to get organic beef for a while now. They were out of organic roasts so I asked the guy working in the meat department if he was going to be putting any roasts out soon.He got noticeably upset and stormed out from behind the counter and started grabbing and tossing aside packages of beef until he found one that said organic chuck - but it was a very, very small slice (a chuck steak) and the only one there. I needed a roast. I told him I needed a bigger one. He said you will never get a bigger one here - we don't have them. I said, "really, I just got several last week and I remember one of them being at least 3 - 5 times bigger than that one."  He said, "so you got a roast that was about 38.00 from here." I said,"no, but I did get a roast that was. 2.79 lbs." which was much bigger (by about 3Xs) than the steak he was trying to force me to buy.This guy was nasty and very argumentative. I only wanted a roast. So he got really sarcastic and went into the back and brought out a wrapped up roast that was the size of a calf and said to me... then you want this!Well, one, I thought he did not have anymore roast and certainly not big ones from what he was saying. And, two, no I obviously don't want half of a cow - just a normal roast.Is that really too much to ask.So, I thanked him and asked to have one cut into 3 lbs. He said sure. When I came back to get it it was still crazy large weighing almost 5 lbs. I couldn't even fit that into a pot if I tried.His attitude was really uncalled for... very argumentative and nasty. Very unprofessional. I thought Sprout's accommodated your butcher requests. This guy (a very young and cocky kid) makes it like you are insulting him.I guess he just did not want to do any work and cut up a roast. That is a chore... but it's your job genius.Just do it right.I took the roast, but on walking away to the register, I decided not to get it. I really could not trust a very poor attitude like that. For all I know he could have substituted it with a non organic or lesser quality meat.   I should have gotten his name. He was the youngest one there and walking around very proud-like with a bit of a red face.Sprouts, you really need to do something about this guy. He will definitely scare business away. As it stands, I am VERY reluctant to purchase beef from your department now.On a side note, this place is not as nice as the other Sprout's. It is small, dirty/smelly, and they do not carry as big of a selection. And, the organic section is full of mostly old and rotting produce. I never get organic produce here, and now I am not so sure about the organic meats either:-(
5	I love that Sprouts supports local farmers. They always have a great selection of fruit and veggies. Pricing is reasonable which is also a plus. My tip? Going early or going late in the day! This place can get busy!
1	So, there is nothing like walking into a grocery store and bumping into two or three, large, non-service dogs as they drool all over the produce.  When I asked the manager about their policy reference allowing anyone to bring their dog in the store, I was told that it is 'hard to police' but they do turn away people bringing their animals into the store that are not service animals.  I then showed the picture I took of three Sprouts employees happily petting the pitbull/box mix as it trotted around the store.
4	I always go here for fresh produce and Kombucha!  Best place hands down for fresh food.  I am so happy to have a Sprouts less than 5 miles away from me.  I also love buying my supplements and vitamins here.  They usually have everything I'm looking for which really saves me from ordering on Amazon.com & paying the shipping costs.  Great stock overall! I do have a few complaints.  First, it is very crowded all the time.  I can't just stop here for something quick because I always end up waiting in line forever. And they seem to have a high turnover for employees - every time I ask for something it seems like I'm asking a new person because they have to seek out a colleague to answer.  I'm not the kind of person who demands that cashiers help me, and I usually have no problem browsing the store and finding things myself, but it would be nice for all the employees to be more knowledgable.
4	The sandwich department at Sprouts will make gluten free sandwiches for $1 off if you BYOB "Bring Your Own Bread"! More delicious sandwiches for the GlutenFree community.
5	Big fan of this store! I'd give it more stars if I could. Nice selection and friendly helpful staff. We go about a couple times a month and love the selection of fresh veggies and meats. It can get a bit crowded, but that is always a good sign! Staff is helpful if you have questions and take the time to chat with you at the register.  If you buy ice cream or fish, they offer a small pack of ice for the trip home--nice touch.I usually try to buy the Sprout coconut water--it's very reasonably priced and tastes great. It's a must for living in the hot AZ desert.
5	Everything they have is amazing. From their homemade bread, to all their fresh fruits and veggies. Everyone is super friendly here also. Two thumbs up :)
5	Love the selection and prices! Employess are very helpful!  Everything is always fresh and of the highest quality!Unlike other grocery stores or specialty supermarkets Sprouts is king in my book!
4	Nice, clean, well stocked.Not enough cashiers working, lines way too long.Friendly employees, great produce, awesome bath and body selection.Parking lot way too dark. Very uncomfortable.I'll stick with Camelback and Miller.
5	My family loves this Sprouts location. We love going to more natural food stores that can offer us better quality foods. We have been shopping at this Sprouts location for roughly 4 years and will continue doing our weekly shopping here. The cashiers are always friendly and we go at night so it is typically not too crowded. We can find every food item we need at this location. They have such a great variety compared to Fresh & Easy, Trader Joes, and even Whole Foods.
4	Great fresh produce!  They have orange food, green food,  yellow food, everything you need in veggies and fruits.  They have some frozen foods mainly items that are organic, vegan, you know, healthy frozen foods.  They have a ton of wines very reasonably priced.  Beer too. They have food bins  for all kinds of nuts, raisins, grains, etc. by the pound.  Very good stuff.  They have a deli that sells cold cuts by the pound and I have found their prices to be a bit lower than the local supermarket down the block.  They also prepare sandwiches at a very low price (I think $2.99) soups too. They have a designated area for people to eat their sandwiches.  They sell vitamins, health bars and healthy snacks.  I find that area of the store a bit expensive.  All in all a great store.
4	I would recommend this Sprouts location. Yes, there are a few not-so-great things about it (like the fact that 1/3 of the sandwiches I order from here get the wrong ingredients put on them...grr), but overall it's a nice store. The store is never dirty and it always plays fun, upbeat music. The selection of natural body care and vitamins is awesome--there are many things in Sprouts that I can't find anywhere else. Some of the staff are very knowledgeable about the various medicines and products offered and are therefore quite helpful. Do be careful though: if you only like to buy all-natural foods/products, this store carries a lot of that but also carries some artificial foods and whatnot, so just make sure you read the labels. :)
5	Sprouts is the best! Ever since I started doing my own grocery shopping, I've become obsessed with sprouts. I think it's because I usually mostly hang out in the produce sections of normal grocery stores, but in spouts, that's pretty much the entire store! YES!I also love that they have so many healthy options. I am pretty health conscious so it's nice to know that most of the things I see I can actually eat, unlike at most other grocery stores. Definitely check out the deli, too! It's actually pretty good if you're craving food and you're on the go!
