4	This review is primarily for the casino itself.I have to say, I was a complete nay-sayer for Planet Hollywood taking over the Aladdin.  I sort of liked the Aladdin, and have NEVER liked any Planet Hollywood restaurant.  To me they're glorified Applebees, and I couldn't imagine the train wreck they would unleash on the former Aladdin space.Hey, I can admit when I'm wrong.  This is one of those times.The casino is slick and hip, done in black, red, and metallics.  It's totally different than most casinos with their crazy carpet and millions of colors (I'm looking at you, Bellagio...you too, Wynn).  PH's casino is almost understated - even the tables look sleek with their black felt tops.As for the rest of the hotel, I did stay here when it was the Aladdin and really liked our room - it was enormous for the price, and had a large bathroom to match.  I also enjoyed the pool, but can't comment on how that's changed.  The shopping has remained pretty much the same since the switch, although now it's called the Miracle Mile instead of Dessert Passage.  It's still not as great as the Forum Shops...Miracle Mile has typical stores that can be found in any mall in America.
4	I just stayed here while the hotel was in transition from Aladdin to Planet Hollywood-- at the time, the sign read Planet Ho. The planet hollywood concept is very promising-- I mean, I don't give a rat's ass about the hollywood tie in, but it's more like they're building a hotel/casino with the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino vibe actually ON THE STRIP. I also had very good luck there and left Vegas a winner for the first time in a long time... Thanks for that guys-- free vacation, np. Nice rooms, low prices, friendly dealers, free of that old school gambler vibe. Overall, nice.
4	We have a feeling the "Hollywood" theme is definitely more up-to-date and appropriate in the US than the Arabic theme right now. Such are the realities in the seventh year of the second millennium. The new facelift seems promising. Good vibe overall, in spite of the mess outside and the incomplete transition from Alladin's badly interpreted Arab kitsch to a Hollywood bling-bling kitsch. Can't wait to see the final result in a few months.Rooms are clean overall, and have no heavy stench that is otherwise typical for most hotels on the South Strip. Bathrooms are nice too. Separate toilet, shower and a good size 2-person bath tub that comes handy to relax two tired bodies that have been slaving out badly during the heavy workweek back in LA...However, we did found some "artefacts" from previous visitors (a few long thick black hairs, clearly from an Asian woman)... sigh. Nothing is perfect. So we lowered the star rating to 4 for that reason. So far this is the only thing that disturbed our trip. But hey, we are still here- we never know what else can go wrong... right?
4	Stayed here in June 2007. The renovations are nice but I'm not really a fan of the logo or the concept. Don't really get what the identity or message of this place, if that makes sense. The rooms are still the same size and quality. I got upgraded to the larger room, deluxe I think, which is always nice (always ask). They changed the shampoo/soap/etc with the new theme and that's a GREAT thing. No more funky, spicy shampoo.Feels like the staff is better too. Hopefully being more formally part of the Starwood family will have a positive impact on service, even if the personnel stays the same. Their service was average at best before the conversion. The new 24 hour restaurant called the Dailies looks much better but the breakfast was horrible. They found a way to screw up eggs scrabled with some veggies. The sausage tasted like it was straight from the microwave. Service was pretty darn slow too. Pass on breakfast here.I like other hotels in Las Vegas much better, but the price is right and you get Starwood points.
4	I'm not a gambling man. I always loose. I've only gambled and won once. See, I lost 50 bucks in the time it took my girlfriends machine to count up her winnings. So I gave her my last 20, and she won me all my monies back, and then some. Yay for penny slots.
4	I had to go to vegas for a conference.  Of course I waited till the last minute to make my group's reservations - so this was the last place in my price range that could give us 2 rooms for those nights....without havign to stay at Bally's or the Flamingo.I was pleasantly surprised.  The rooms are still alladin but everything else is remodeled.  We were able to check in at 10:30, but got a "smoking optinal room" that didnt smell like smoke.  The staff was very nice - from the bell staff that received my flowers to the business center.I paid less than $200/night/room. I wanna say it was closer to 150 or 160.  And I got starwood points.  I'm very happy.
3	This is still going through its transition from Aladdin to Planet Hollywood so I'm cutting it some slack. Although the signage and some of the decor is "PH" branded, there is still a 75% presence of the old Aladdin roots, especially in the hotel rooms.Once they've finished making the updates, it will be interesting to visit again and see how they've pulled this place together. One especially important place I hope they focus on is the pool. As it currently stands, the pool is a disappointing place to be. You follow the signs to the pool and think, "where is it?" Then you find that it's hidden behind an expanse of concrete deck that serves no purpose other than to house empty lounge chairs. You walk toward the back corners of the deck, up the stairs and "aha!" there they are -- two small pools. There is way too much wasted space on the pool deck that leaves little room for what people are looking for -- lounging poolside.If they transition in a smart way that keeps guest needs in mind, and if you have the patience to deal with their growing pains, this could be a solid hotel option on the strip.
2	Okay, so as of July 10th, I understand they are still going through their renovation/transition from being the Aladdin to being the new Planet Hollywood.  But I really don't think I should cut them too much slack all things considered.  I think they would have been better off closing down the hotel for a couple months and doing a big grand opening rather than SLOWLY changing a few things at a time.The bellhop service was kinda crappy.  We unloaded over $10k worth of DJ equipment into their care.  Told them we were going straight up to our rooms and we wanted the equipment to be right behind us.  They said  that they would have to take the service elevator, but would be right there.  30 minutes later we still don't have our stuff.  Images of our turntables and mixers being sold on the streets start running through our heads.  We had to call them and ask where our stuff was.  They showed up 5 minutes after we called and rolled their eyes at our $2 tip.  Hubby didn't want to tip them at all.The light fixtures, carpeting and a lot of signage are all still Arabian(?) themed, but in each room they have framed stills and random stuff from movies on the walls.  Nothing in the room felt like it was "Hollywood."  Oh, and the boring, beige, shapeless muumuu Whoopie wore in some random movie looming over my bed... totally creepy.  There were NO LOCKS on the bathroom doors nor the door to the lil room the toilet is in.  And when you are sharing a room with a few of your husband's friends... not cool.  There wasn't a ventilation fan in the bathroom either... again, sharing rooms with hubby's friends, no good.  The automatic light in the closet was permanently stuck on on and the door kept popping open.After one night of that, hubby and I decided to get our own room.  A couple ladies at the front desk couldn't agree on whether to let us into a new room a few hours prior to check in time even tho the room was clean and available.  But, they upgraded us to a suite for free, which is why they get an extra star.  The room was big and roomy with a nice sitting area and big bathroom.  But AGAIN no locks on the bathroom door and no ventilation fan.  The decor was still confusing.  A replica of a prop from the Thriller video isn't very exciting, whatever happened to Planet Hollywood having authentic movie memorabilia?  Same annoying closet light problem.   Oh, and the A/C in the hallway was actually blowing REALLY hot air, not nice when it's already 116 outside.The overall experience was too confusing.  I guess I shouldn't be too mad considering we didn't have to pay for any of it.  But for sure the next time we get booked in Vegas, we'll let the promoter know not to put us up in PH unless they've made big improvements.
2	I have to admit, this place has potential, but in its current state, its not worth the $600 per night we paid for the 8 of us in two rooms (to my surprise since I let someone else book this trip to Vegas--$1200 for 2 rooms for 2 nights).  First off, rooms are a good size.  Bathroom is a little strange with the shower and toilet separate which means that if you are staying with 3 other people, no one can use the bathroom while you are showering because the shower has a glass door.  Then, there is the pool, there are two of them and they are pretty small. Compared to the Flamingo in Vegas, the pool area is nothing at PH.   They would make better use of there space if they used the layout area for another pool.  Location-wise--great location, center of the strip.  Across from the Bellagio and next to the Paris.  Now, food-wise. I recommend skipping food at their 24/7 cafe--Planet Dailies, not worth the $11 for breakfast there.  And the service there was not very good. They could not even follow instructions to leave the potatoes off my plate at breakfast.  Overall, decent experience, but not worth the money they were charging.
5	PH has done an amazing transformation from its former Aladdin ownership.  The casino area is now a modern, beautifully designed space.  Also, the rooms are gigantic, with whirlpool tubs and views of Bellagio across the street. Anyone who has tried their restaurants will be surprised to find that the casino has no resemblance whatsoever to the restaurants, which is a very good thing.The location is in the middle of the strip, the prices are low compared to similar properties.  All of the staff are very friendly.  Oh, and one of the biggest plusses, the air is amazingly clean, not covered in smoke like other places.  I don't know how they do it, but it creates a very relaxed environment to play, or hang out.  It's my new favorite Las Vegas hotel/casino.
4	Everything in this place changes color! At first I thought I was hallucinating, but no!!! The lights definitely go thru the entire rainbow spectrum. Bonus: If you look down in the black super shiny floors, you can see up people's skirts! Not that I was doing that, but it is really fun when your playing the good ol' "Guy or Girl?" game.
3	So I've actually stayed at the Alladin before they changed it to Planet Hollywood. I was hoping for the best when I arrived last night for a business trip. Hmmph.So the entryway and doors have all been redone. It was cool looking and gave a definite young party atmosphere. Even the music playing was good. I arrived late in the evening so I was starving and slightly cranking, in rare Heather form. My room, unimpressive. The bathroom was huge which is always nice. Big sunken tub, separate shower and the toilet in a separate room. All fairly standard in Vegas though. Internet was difficult to connect to but hey I have Windows Vista and it sucks. I search the room for my room service menu and a robe to get into when it arrives. Neither are around. I called down to the front desk and get prompted to press a bunch of numbers to get connected to the appropriate person. I am getting hungrier and hungrier by the moment. Boo. I finally get through after waiting on hold for 10 minutes. Yah, not acceptable. Finally get a menu and call to housekeeping for a robe. They have no robes! Who doesn't have robes these days?! Seriously? The food arrived on time and it was delicious. They have a PF Chang's in the hotel and I LOVE that place!!! I'd have to say that I have not been all that impressed with this hotel but then I have to remind myself that I just went to the Ritz. The Ritz is going to make any nice hotel look like crap in comparison. I'd give this place another try but would definitely go for an upgraded room.
4	stayed here with my friends a few weeks ago.  we made reservations through priceline.com, and got a pretty good deal considering that it was rated 4 stars.  anyways, i knew that they changed the aladdin to planet hollywood, but it seems that it wasn't fully changed yet, because alot of the decor was still arabian themed.  not like i'm complaining, though.  what they did update was pretty cool.  we had to buy a rollaway bed because their were 5 of us, and we only wanted it for one night since we knew we weren't going to sleep the other night.  but when we went to the front desk to tell them that the bed wasn't picked up and that we didn't want to be charged for two nights, they told us that we wouldn't be charged for either nights.  yay!  the bathroom was bigger than i expected (two sinks across from each other with plent of counter space, a shower, a bathtub and an individual little room for the toilet)  and the cleaning people were really nice because they knew there were alot of us so they hooked us up with more towels and shampoo bottles than needed.  the beds were comfy (although the bedspread was kinda ugly) and the wall hangings consisted of scenes from different movies and other memorabilia.  (we had a scene with owen wilson and vince vaughn in the wedding crashers, and some gun in a shadow box from some other movie, and that one dude from the gladiator was in our bathroom hanging over our bathtub.  kinda random, but whatever.  we didn't get the chance to try the pool, so i have no idea how the pool was.  it was pretty hot in vegas, so i'm guessing it would've been crowded.i can't really complain about planet hollywood, due to the fact that i had an AWESOME time in vegas and most of the time was spent outside the hotel, but it did its job of being a place to crash after a long night.
3	I have high hopes for this place.  It's currently under construction so they haven't renovated the rooms yet, but I like their casino.  It's well lit (unlike MGM) and they play good music.  The room is still in its Aladdin state and it's just blah.  The room doesn't ventilate well and the layout is all funky.  There also isn't much of a pool area.  It's more like a roofdeck of a parking lot so hopefully they will fix this and make it all nice.
3	I stayed here for a bachelorette party the past weekend. We had 3 rooms and we couldn't get the near each other, but they did at least put us all on the same floor. Beware that Planet Hollywood is the old Aladdin and not all the rooms are complete yet (ours included).The bathroom is a good size for a group of girls sharing a room for sure. They are pretty short on outlets in the room though.I'd be interested in what it's like after the remodeling is completed.The mall attached is a nice plus especially for a HOT summer day!
4	The transformation is STILL taking place, but I'm excited to see what the finished product will look like!  The casino looks amazing to me, with a very contemporary look...  The Miracle Mile shops are pretty much the Desert Passage shops but they are currently adding to it.  Can't comment on the rooms since I didn't stay there.  Stay tuned though, as I think this will be MUCH better after the transformation is complete.
5	Okay, i know it's weird to be giving PH five stars when it's still undergoing construction and all, but hear me out.  location: PH is right next to Paris, across the street from the Bellagio.  It's really convenient to just hop next door or across the street for some good food and good times.  amenities:  the room itself was not bad.  it was big, the bathroom was huge, and we had a nice view of the bellagio.  they give you coupons to their buffets and restaurants if you stay there, so it's 20% off planet dailies cafe and $5 off per person at the buffet...so buffet is like $10 a person for lunch! and it was decent!  lots of variety. and the pool. a lot of ppl rag on PH's pool but there are two and it was nowhere near as crowded as Monte Carlo's...and there arent ANY little brats running around either.  Very mature crowd, quiet, clean, and nice.  It's not fancy, but it will do.  The staff at PH were very friendly, and very accomodating.  It's a nice, big, sleek hotel that we paid like $110 a night for on hotwire.  Compared to other places charging $230+, id say this was a sweet, sweet deal.  Also, the Miracle Mile of shops gave me plenty of shops to look at unlike other hotels that dont offer anything to those who dont gamble.So all in all, it was a great vacation and we spent a lot of time in PH, to my surprise.  From all the things Ive heard before I wanted to spend as little time as possible in my hotel.  The bottom line is, no its not as fancy as Wynn or Bellagio or even the Venetian. but it's not crappy either.  It's almost brand spankin new with lots of things to do and it's convenient to boot.  Really nothing to complain about.  If you dont mind the transition period and the lack of a better "theme" and wanna save moolah, id say come stay here.
4	Uhm ok so what happened to the Aladdin? I mean it went to Pimp my Hotel Resort. For people who know me. I hate PH. The restaurant. I mean to me, it's a rip off of Hard Rock Cafe. But the hotel has undergone a transformation that makes me feel....homey. Can we start calling Vegas....LA Dos? Seriously when cali gets their big one and we get Decatur Beach, or Warm Springs Peninsula....yea LA Dos will be the place. I mean PH turned into this chic lavish decor of reds, silver, and warm tones. They're bringing Pink's Hot Dogs...Earl of Sandwich, They've got the Extra Lounge, Heart bar. I mean so much to look at. I'd actually love to work here. The staff I've dealt with were really friendly. The location is awesome. Across from Bellagio, and with a great view of City Center. Hopefully they don't screw this up. Desert Passage is turning into Miracle Mile shops. I haven't seen the rooms yet. But I assume they're still lookin like Aladdin rooms. I've seen the ones with the big community bath tubs. Don't ask don't tell.But definitely the casino is great. Most of the games are new. The conference center is really nice and clean. The Stomp Out Loud show is there too. Haven't gone yet. But really want to. I think I'm gonna start spending a lot more time in this casino....no not by myself in a weird predator stalker way....
4	I stayed at this hotel in May and it recently changed from being Aladdin to Planet Hollywood aka "PH".  On first impression, I was a little disappointed to see that the colors and details were removed from what used to be the Aladdin.  Thus leaving the hotel to look a bit bland from the outside and minimalistic.Upon walking into the hotel, I realized that they concentrated a lot of their efforts to "glam" the interior with crystals, special lighting and etc.  to cater to a young and hip crowd.The hotel rooms are nice and are among the cheapest for it's location.  Still reflecting the Aladdin theme, the rooms are of nice Vegas standard.  Usually they are comparable in price with NYNY, but the rooms are much smaller at NYNY.  Besides having a plush room, you also a nice BIG bathroom that features a huge vanity sink area, shower and separate large tub.  This is PERFECT if you are going to be sharing a room with 4 girls!  Lots of bathroom space and comfortable sleeping quarters.One of the things that PH took away from the Aladdin was the center stage cover bands.  These performers were always great and performed top 40 hits enjoyed by all.  It gave the casino floor a vibe and that has been lost with its departure. One of the major improvement that I did notice to the hotel was the layout of the casino, parking entrance and registration.  The flow is MUCH better and requires less walking through the cobblestone mall.  It's more intuitive.  Way to go PH!This is a great hotel to stay in if you plan to stay with a group of people for the space, bathroom size, price and location.TIP: Hooray!  There is a really nice Starbuck's located here.  This is one of the few hotels that feature a Starbuck's.  This is a perfect spot to grab a quick breakfast, snack or water for your room!  They have a really nice seating area that is spacious.  If you don't like Starbuck's and need something stronger?  Look no further, LA's popular Coffee Bean is right around the corner in the mall.
4	Enjoyable!  Hip!  Cool!  Modern!I like what Planet Hollywood has done with the Aladin since taking over. In my opinion it bigger and better than the Hard Rock Casino, at least from a casino and gaming perspective.Only 6 craps pits available all with FIRE bets! Although I donated to this casino, I enjoyed playing here because of the friendly, young, and attractive dealers. The PH seems to be catering to the new generation of players.  If PH were part of Harrahs, I would definitely play here every time I come to Vegas! It's that good.  I really enjoyed the gogo dancers they provide to distract the blackjack players!  Music is good.  Its like being in a dance club with gambling!Overall, its a unique gaming experience that improves where the HRC and Hooters failed.The previous Desert Passage has been renamed the Miracle Mile shops and seems to be a better retail experience than before with much better shops.  The biggest plus? The Miracle Mile is open until 11 pm for your shopping pleasure.
4	I stayed here and gambled here, so I can tell you about the resort AND the casino!  I kind of rolled my eyes when I heard the Aladdin had been turned into a Planet Hollywood, knowing that most of the restaurants had closed.  But the deal wasn't too bad to stay here compared to other similar places on the Strip, so here we stayed.I was pleasantly surprised by the niceness of the employees and the look of the casino/hotel lobby.  It's not cheesy like a PH restaurant, it's more hip/posh club-like on the inside with flashy chandeliers and lights that change color (but not in an in-your-face kind of way).  They keep the black floors so shiny that you can possibly see up people's skirts (my boyfriend noticed this, of course). Heh.  I saw them polishing that floor time and time again.  The dealers are pretty friendly here overall, and occasionally you can catch a go-go dancer doing her thing in front of the tables.  The cocktail waitresses here definitely have some of the better (but sluttier) outfits.We got a free upgrade to a Strip view (but if you wanted full view of the Bellagio fountains it was still $30 more).  I'm pretty sure most of the rooms are still Aladdin-themed because the woman who checked us in tried to get us a new one but none were available.  So the carpets and bedspreads still have that Ali-Babba thing going on, but it was mixed in with movie frames and memorabilia.  We had a 007 picture, a "Hulk" picture and a piece of framed memorabilia from one of those Jack Ryan movies.It's not as chic as the Bellagio or the Wynn, but the Planet Hollywood hotel is a cool above-average place to stay -- and it's smack-dab in the center of the strip!
5	I didn't stay here as a guest, but came here as a visitor.  I loved the design of the casino area.  Very sleek and modern look.  The shops are transitioning to the new look.  I can't wait too see what it looks like when everything is done.
4	One of my favorite in LV.  I like the modern decor with the high ceiling & changing lights.  Lots of room to walk around.There's also a really big shopping plaza in the hotel.I would like to stay in the hotel one day.Also, I won $50 on the penny slots :0) Very positive experience.
3	Location: 4 stars.  It is situated right next to Paris, in the middle of the strip.  Doesn't get better than that.The casino: 4 stars.  The dealers for the most part were pleasant, and they do not use that many (shuffle) machines.  They had plenty of single deck black jack tables and they always played good music.  They've got a bar (Heart Bar) in the middle of the casino.  If you're tired of gambling you can take a break there..they play good music (they have a DJ, go-go dancers until 2AM).  The casino would've gotten 4.5 stars, except the cocktail waitress don't come around too often. The rooms: 2.5 stars.  The rooms were well done, with flat screen TVs.  It was decorated nicely and the beds were comfortable.  They did have a safe inside the room, which was nice.  They did not have a mini bar in the room, but did have bottled water there for $3 each.  Watch out for static, since the bedsheets wer generated a lot of static.  They were doing construction in adjacent rooms, and we were a bit annoyed by the noise at times.  For some reason the bathroom sink backed up at times and sewers came up once.. grossed out my wife.  The housekeeper was a bit agressive too.. I guess she wanted to do all the rooms before she went on her lunch break.  These things subtracted from the otherwise nice and clean room.Overall the hotel was nice and I'd definitely stay there again.  Their price was pretty decent as well (we stayed there mon-thurs).  Overall 3 solid stars, and if we there weren't a couple of annoyances in our rooms, the place would've gotten 4 stars.Their buffet was actually pretty good.  But will write a separate review for that.And btw, the Miracle Mile shops were just mediocre.. but they do have couple of ABC stores there, and they sell just about anything you need on the trip.
4	Didn't get a chance to stay here, only gambled.It looks like PH, is trying to be the "Palms" on the strip.  I was here not too long ago when it was the Aladdin and it sucked, big time.Now, PH is a hip and trendy place with great vibes.  The entire casino floor looks like a trendy club.  Looks like the rooms are half done.  If you can help it, ask for a renovated PH room because the old Aladdin room....SUCKED.  At least stop by and walk thru the casino floor.  Just a great place to chill and deposit your money into the city's expansion fund.
4	Imagine Sephora with casino tables and this is what you get.  I still like it though.  It's way better than what Aladdin used to be.
1	WOW, what a waste of money!!  I would not recommend this place unless you get it for $50 a night.  Why?  Well, the place really was not too bad.  I made sure we got a remodeled room and we actually had a view of the strip.  The location is great since you can walk to Paris or across the street to the Belagio.  However, this is where the plus ends. The casino itself is very smoky.  I know they smoke in all the casino's, but this place has such poor ventilation that the smoke is stagnant in the air and makes any allergies flair up.  This also goes into the rooms and makes it very difficult to sleep well.  The rooms look nice now that they are done, but it's Vegas.  Don't you want some special theme???  This reminds me of any nice hotel or bar in San Francisco or LA.  Why would I want to fly out to Vegas to feel like I'm in SF or LA??  I could just drive out to the city for the same experience.  The hotel decor was also kinda boring with no recognizable theme.  I suppose the impression I got was "dot-com".  Yeah, been there, done that, move on.  So, if you are from Kansas or Nebraska and are looking for the feeling of the big city then this might be the place for you.  However, we didn't like the casino games, the atmosphere was boring, and the air was crap.  We spent all our time at Paris and the other hotel casinos close by.  Paris would is a much better hotel stay.
4	I stayed at this place back when it was the Aladdin and I can say that it's much nicer with the new changes.  We stayed here for 2 nights in a suite for SEMA.  The rooms are pretty nice and spacious.  The lobby is decorated very modern with bright lights and geometric designs.  The elevators are colored differently and we took pictures in each one, lolz.  It's a located at a convenient spot in the middle of the strip.  The desert shops are closeby so you can indulge in shopping without having to go far.  The minimum blackjack table is $10.  I ended up losing money :(  I should know better than to gamble when I'm drunk, hehe.  It's always a wait though when you valet your car cuz they park them really far away.
5	Oh dear oh my I love thee.Stayed here for 4 days for the Miss Vietnam USA pageant. I was there to pass down my title of Second Runner Up 2006-2007. Congrats to the girls who placed this year.There are 51 floors and I got to stay on floor 50, Penthouse. It was beautiful. Fresh fruits on my table, huge ass mofuggin bathroom, my living room, kitchen. It was great! It helps to know the Vice President of Planet Hollywood, muahahah I got lucky twice this time. One, I was standing in my hallway and these 2 butlers came up to me and said I was really pretty , wanted to take pictures with me, told me that whatever room service I needed they would take care of it. SCORE!! I asked them to bring soup for my friend in my penthouse because she was sick. So she got a nice suprise.Second time, I was walking down my hallway towards the elevator again when a maid stopped me to tell me I look pretty (blush). I thanked her and pointed to a double door at the end of the hallway where I saw a huge couch and TV down a corridor. I asked her who's room is that and why is it so huge. She told me "Oh that room belongs to the owner of Planet Hollywood....Wanna go see?" HELL YES!! they were cleaning it so they let me in to look around. The place was AMAZING. The bedroom is bigger than my living room at home! I thanked her and bid her a good day. On we go. The decor of the whole hotel itself is spectacular. The main pieces you see are the big glass crystal balls and the crystal curtains on every floor. The shopping center has all the designer brands to make me melt and the food is superb. The staff is friendly and very helpful. The security is polite. The bathrobes are soft :]A few of the places are still under construction. The swimming pool for instance. The only reason I got to take a look in the water and whatnot is because I did a quick shoot there. It looks promising! I love this place!
3	Well, after a weekend in Vegas, I can say that Planet Hollywood, or PH as their branding image seems to be promoting, has some good points and some bad. I was skeptical at first, I mean it is Planet Hollywood, and a few years back they had problems managing their brand and restaurants, so I had real doubts about how the hotel and casino experience will be.However this trip was short notice and one of my friends had just stayed there a week or two before, and told me it wasn't too bad for the price. Well three of us (more like the girl who ended up planning this trip) scored a room with two queen beds for $134 a person or $402 for two days. Personally, I've paid less and more for hotels in Vegas, but for being a newly renovated room, I couldn't complain.Our room was on the 31st floor and had a lovely view of the airport, the condo towers going up behind the hotel, and if you stood on the far left end of the window, you could see part of the MGM Grand. The beds were comfortable, although the comforters had an overly sheeny cover that had a tendency to slide off the bed during the night...which would be nice if you wanted them off and not sleeping, but on this Vegas trip, sleep was the bed activity of choice. A decent sized plasma screen dominated the room, but when you took all furniture into account, the area was on the cramped side. The washroom was equipped with a two person jacuzzi tub, a stand-up shower with glass door, and a closet sized room holding an enclosed toilet, thrown in the most asinine layout possible, with semi private, slated, fold-out doors more suitable for a living room window then a hotel washroom. Unless you're pretty open with your friends, what could've been a useful two person in the washroom at one time layout, ends up wasting alot of potential room space.But this is Vegas and you shouldn't stay in your room unless you have to, so let me move on. The casino area is tastefully done, with colorful overhead light panels, and a carpet pattern that could've been borrowed from a Windows 98 screen saver. Game tables dominate the middle of the floor, with slots occupying the rest. Part of the southern entrance area is still under construction, but the doors are still usable.Lobby and registration is on the lower level and feels kinda cramped despite having colorful displays of light all around. On the brightside, taxis and limos drive out and away from the LV Boulevard, enabling you to make a quick dash away from the strip without having to wait for lights, traffic, or absent minded tourists from blocking your way. This does work against you though, as taxis may not be inclined to make the long way around to the back, when they can have an easier time getting a fare from hotels that have taxi lanes easily accessbile from the boulevard.Speaking of accessible, one thing I do have to say is "Thank You" to PH for improving the walking space available to pedestrians walking by the building. I don't feel like I am being funnelled inside the building when I walk by, at least not as much.If still want to see traces of the old Aladdin, goto the shopping area where the Middle-Eastern theme still is in place in most of the mall. The stores range from your typical LV tourist trinket stores, to shops like the Gap. Some highend and lowend stores occupy the space as well. It remains to be seen how PH handles the redevelopment of the mall area. It has the potential to go classy or trashy depending on what stores go in after all is said and done.Pros: Newly renovated rooms, casino area, facade, walk-ways, etc. Almost perfect location, taxi-ways avoid LV Blvd traffic when leaving to the airport.Cons: Renovations are a work in progress, old Aladdin mall leaves something to be desired. The final atmosphere of this hotel is still up in the air.To sum it up: If you're a skeptic like me, give it a try if you find a good deal. The almost perfect location will make you forget what you paid for anyway.
1	Planet Hollywood is a very stressful casino. We couldn't figure out the best way to get in - all of our attempts at discovering the back entrance failed and we ended up on the bloody Strip on a Friday night. There were construction cones in front of the casino, blocking off any normal entrances. Eeeek! Inside the casino, the "transformation" from Aladdin to Planet Hollywood seems incomplete. Much of the mall is still desert-themed, but the music is just loud thumping dance shite like "Ice, Ice Baby." WTF? Sephora and L'occitane, two of my favorite stores, became very unpleasant because of the horrible music. Oh yes, let's shop at Sur la Table while we bump and grind to Fergie. The "Halo Bar" was stupidly designed and way overpriced. 7 bucks for a pyramid hefeweizin! And we didn't even get a glass with that.The Aladdin used to be one of my favorite casinos because of the Desert Pasage shopping, now I can't imagine going there again unless I end up with more tickets for one of their shows. And even then, it would have to be a pretty good show.
3	We got to our Hotel finally at 5 pm, we were stucked literally on the strip for 1 hour and 1/2, pretty exhausted only to wait in the registration line for 45 minutes. The hotel clerk checking us kept on talking and talking.Then off we go to our 8th room floor, only to find out that the room was not clean. There's even a note from the previous occupants about stain in the pillow and bed. Ewww.....My friends were very polite and nice, called up the housekeeping but I wasn't having it. I'm very tired, before flying in Vegas I was working early at the hospital that same day. I expect nothing but the best. I then called up the operator and demanded to speak with the floor manager only to be transferred to a voicemail. That didn't help my mood so I called her back, pissed off. After a few minutes of holding. I was instructed for our group to go down and be given another room.Once we hit the registration desk, a clerk apologize and upgraded our room to suite instead. So off we go round 2.We were given the suite on the 22nd floor, in fact it was the Bruce Willis room, scored. The minute we step in the room you can smell cleanliness. Bathroom was huge, plenty of mirrors/lights and perfect for 4 girls. We even have a plasma tv and view of the strip. The only thing we didn't like was it was dark, we only have 2 lamps and 1 lamp desk. Maybe they were trying to create a romantic mood.The PH valet were great and some of them are eye candy too. I'll stay in PH only if it is a suite.
5	My memory might be a bit fuzzy. We were there around 3 in the morning. The casino is hot! It was very sleek and modern, kinda like if Sephora was glitzy and a casino. There were Go Go girls dancing on platforms in the bars and at the table. Now, these were pretty hot girls not nasty stripper looking girls.  We hung out at the center bar, I have no idea what it is called. The drinks were good I have no clue what they ended up costing. We were siting with who I think was Bone Thugs and Harmony? They were DECKED out and  the man and could only come to that conclusion.
1	The best part about this place is that the lobby looks nice. We arrived in town around 7pm the weekend after my wife and I got married for an abbreviated honeymoon. I paid for a basic room with some rewards points I had from American Express but called a few days before and paid some extra cash for an upgraded suite which I was assured would be great and have a  spa with a strip view. When we go to Vegas we normally stay in a nice room so for our semi-honeymoon I didn't want that to be any different.Check-in at the gold/platinum/preferred guest line had a line while the regular check-in didn't. Common sense says that the lobby staff would call people from the regular line over to assist them instead of sit there and do nothing. Apparently common sense isn't too common at this place.So when we finally get up to our room, our upgraded suite was on the 6th floor but the only view we had was being level with the roof of the Miracle Mile mall... and the collection of tools on the roof which included a broken down wheelbarrow right outside our window. I'm definitely an adventurous guy if you know what I mean but having construction workers watch my wife and I in the spa on our honeymoon isn't exactly my idea of a good time. When I called down stairs to see exactly how they could remedy this situation they told us the windows weren't see through and they had no other rooms available. I offered to pay for an upgrade to any suite above this one but alas, no luck.We called a few other hotels and found something available there so we hightailed it out of that place and we won't be staying there ever again.0 stars if I could for their crap customer service, their broken promises and their un-attention to detail.
3	Until about 5 minutes ago this place was called Aladdin.  In fact I walked through the the Aladdin last year on the way to Krave, the only "alternative club" on the strip.  It's Vegas 2007 where "alternative" is still the code word for gay.  I digress...The rooms are rather well appointed and according to a colleague better than the rooms at Paris Las Vegas.  I found my room to be rather dark and within an earshot of the strip and everything on it.Plant Hollywood seems to have done a rather half assed job of upgrading the hotel.  I mean the lounge, building, elevators have a decidedly "we're trying to compete with Hard Rock Hotel" statement to them but the conference rooms from their art, architecture and even music suggest that they haven't done one damn different thing there then when it was the Aladdin.  On the same floor billed "The Mezz" as in they are now to cool to call it the Mezzanine, they have their fitness center hidden in their spa.  You don't have to pay to use it but it is only open from 6 am until 7 pm.  It would be helpful if registration and floor staff knew this before insisting it was open at 5 am when I was looking for it in vain.The business center charges some heady surcharges and the bikini clad girls in the Heart lounge of the Hotel's center move with the energy of Britney Spears opening the VMAs wearing a nearly identical outfit.Thankfully the room service is hooked up to PF Changs which allows for some unique and affordable dining service.I have to say, I am sure they have to make money and all but please big billion dollar hotels, close down and upgrade the whole place at once.  The place was very obviously trying to copy Hard Rock and is well on its way except its pool looks very, very simple and no where near what Hard Rock does with Rehab.  Please see my ROTD on that one to know I know what I be talking about.
1	If I could give negatives stars I would. If Planet Hollywood was on fire I wouldn't piss on it to put it out.. Let me explain.. I have probably stayed at around 5000 hotels in my lifetime and this was one of THE worst experience I have had.  After traveling all day to get there we went inside to check-in.  The line was probably 50 people deep at 6:00 PM.  At the rate it was moving it would have taken 2 hours to get a room.  We had tickets to Cirque Du Soleil "O" so we had to check our bags at the bell desk and go to the show. We came back at 10:00 ish and the line was 40 deep so we went to dinner to waste time.  At about 11:00 we came back completely exhausted and had to wait in line. it was about 30-35 deep and took us an hour to get to the front. So at midnight I finally get a room.. I was pissed but there were other folks with babies and small children stuck in line... All the while they had 2 perky employees hardly busy for the VIP check-in, so instead of them helping out the normal backlog they stood relatively idle.. So, once I got to the front of the line I asked them "how are you going to compensate me for standing in line for one hour - drink coupons, what?". The replay was.. NOTHING.. Fukking nothing for standing in line for one hour just to check in at midnight.. Also, the timeshare choads that they let prowl their halls are rude, unprofessional scumbags.. they insulted my girlfriend after she rightly refused their crappy deal and told her "she didn't make enough to buy a timeshare".. Bottom line is that unless you are a stupid moron with a lot of time to waste and tons of cash to throw down the toilet.. don't bother staying there because you are not the type they like..
3	I was excited at a thought of new construction in LV. I was dissappointed to learn that the new "Planet Hollywood" is just the Aladdin with a new coat of paint. YUCK. I like brand spanking new hotels...  I am kind of pissed they took away the Middle Eastern Theme. No not Ali Baba...or Salami Salami Baloney... I loved the light show...I remember the shops...  I bought shoes and clothes here... I will never stay here.Yo Yo Yo.....  Infodiva.... is tired...  Let me go get about 4 hours of sleep...  hehehheInfodiva zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
5	Awesome casino.  We there with some cousins to play roulette and they had gogo dancers there dancing next to us while were were gambling.  Nice ambiance and great place overall.
2	Horrible Service throughout the hotel. Can't say anything decent about anybody except for the Front Desk Agent that checked us in. It seemed as if you were bothering the hotel employees upon asking them for something. Pros = 1. awesome ambiance throughout the Casino. Music + GoGo dancers throughout helped with setting a cool ambiance. 2. Prive the new night club withing the hotel is the new Vegas hotspot. 3. Location is central. 4. Good shopping within.Will probably look elsewhere next time I'm in Vegas. Ther service was  just so horrible that I'd hate to go though all that BS again. ciao
4	OK I am a point whore when I travel on business, and when I found out that the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino was a Starwood property, I was all over it. I had never been to the Aladdin so I have no comparisons, but I thought the rooms were spacious and clean. A No Smoking room was really a no smoking room. The casino was fun and yes the Go Go dancers did motivate my cousin and I to sit at the $25 Black Jack tables. We were thoroughly entertained. I will definitely go back.
1	Lipstick on a pig!  What a huge disappointment.  Only a few rooms actually renovated but they BS you and con you when taking reservations and on their website, then hassle you when you check in and find out your room is not one of the 'newly renovated' rooms - a rip off!.  Renovations are minimal.  Showerhead sucked; one sink; nice 40" TV, but without HD signals why bother?  They invested minimal $ to renovate the old Alladin - would not recommend this dump to anyone!  Spend a few more bucks and stay anywhere else.   The Spice Market Buffet sucks - buried down in the basement/lower level; high walls make it way to claustrophobic and the food sucks as does the service. Best thing about the stay....Rudy the bellman took care of us big time with limo's, etc...he needs to move to a nicer property to make more money.
2	Lipstick on a pig!  What a huge disappointment.  Only a few rooms actually renovated but they BS you and con you when taking reservations and on their website, then hassle you when you check in and find out your room is not one of the 'newly renovated' rooms - a rip off!.  Renovations are minimal.  Showerhead sucked; one sink; nice 40" TV, but without HD signals why bother?  They invested minimal $ to renovate the old Alladin - would not recommend this dump to anyone!  Spend a few more bucks and stay anywhere else.   The Spice Market Buffet sucks - buried down in the basement/lower level; high walls make it way to claustrophobic and the food sucks as does the service. Best thing about the stay....Rudy the bellman took care of us big time with limo's, etc...he needs to move to a nicer property to make more money.Casino was ok, Heart Bar was fun and packed, go-go dancers a nice touch but not a big deal; sports bar (Xtra lounge) is too small but make a good bloody mary on Sunday mornings; go visit but don't stay here.
4	GOOD: - location on the Strip- hip, trendy - lots of shops, bars, restaurants, shows- nice rooms & big bathrooms (I got a free upgrade!)NOT SO GOOD: - cold bathroom floor like someone else said - access to parking from the hotel if you don't valet-- a hassle-- you either have to walk all through the mall to get to the lobby or walk around in the parking garage. (There didn't seem to be a direct elevator from the hotel to the parking garage and vice versa.)
4	I love PH.  It makes so much sense that it's owned by Starwood - I kept thinking that it felt like a W property when I was there.  We got it for $80 a night on priceline.  Best $80 we ever spent.  The rooms were huge and the place was very trendy...  Valet is free so don't bother wih the self park - it's a PITA!
5	While I never take vacations, this was a real treat!  I really loved the interior of the casino, and the overall look of hotel rooms.  It was really great!  Location can't be beat, as it's located right in the middle of all the action.  Nothing is too far to walk to!  The Spice Market buffet that is located in this hotel was really great too!Over all, the beds were comfy, and every room had a plasma screen TV.  What's not to love about those two amenities!?.
4	3.5 starsBetter than Aladdin.  Very nice interior.  Valet blew beyond all recognition.  We had better luck going next door to Paris for efficiency.  I lost (almost) all sense of direction navigating through the hotel.  Everyone's right though, the casino is glam like a Sephora explosion. Liked all the music played throughout - made me think I had XM radio following me.  Bathtub was excellent, but it would've been cool to have the shower gel double as bubble bath.  I liked how spacious the bathroom was.  Storage space was little to none, and I had a great view of the underutilized pool.For an extremely busy hotel, we never waited more than a minute for an elevator.  Nice.  Strained my neck viewing the overhead monitors while we rode between floors.  Excellent check-out options (phone, tv or just dropping keys in lobby). Worth a return trip.
4	Ok so here is my review of the Planet Hollywood Resort/Casino and I'll simply list the good/bad.++++GOOD+++++*When you arrive there you can feel the energy that is geared towards the young crowd...with pulsing music, lights behind the registration desk*The casino is also pumped with house/hiphop music it almost feels like you're in a nightclub without the $40 Vegas covercharges lol!*We got a $25 buffet coupon upon check-in so that was great.  The Spice Market buffet is very large but the food is average...We like the buffet at Paris much better....shhhh!  But I'm not complaining about a free $25 food coupon right?*We played some of the slots and we walked away each time with winnings ..ie. $80 here...then $52...then $60..etc.  We used our winnings for food so our slots almost paid for our dinners...yay!*All the employees we encountered at the hotel were pleasant and willing to help so we felt welcome.*The beds were comfy and had down comforters/pillows so we were'nt freezing or too warm which is great for myself.++++BAD++++*The room we got was on the 29th floor and the front desk clerk alerted us it was a handicap room but said it was fabulous. Although the first impression was great the bathroom had a handicap shower which was awkward...not good..my partner does'nt like arguing with hotel employees so I had to leave the room as-is...In hindsight I would've went back and changed rooms...*The casino area is confusing even though there are signs so if we wanted to leave and check out the Strip we kept getting lost which is probably why it's confusing*We wanted to see the Poppovich's Pet Comedy Show but apparently they are renovating the theaters at the Miracle Mile so everyone that bought tickets ahead were complaining... Good thing we did'nt buy tix ahead so we went to a show at the Luxor instead.*Oh yeah the rooms are dark/trendy so we had to turn on all the lights to find our stuff since it was so dark.  lol!*When we checked out all the staff wanted to help us with our small 3 bags then we felt like we had to tip each person which was weird.  Even when getting into the cabs the bellmen were anxiously waiting for that extra dollar....maybe we looked upscale but we felt like everyone wanted a tip from us...*Oh yeah, one we night we wanted ice but the one on our floor was broken so we went down to the 28th floor which APPARENTLY has not been renovated so it felt like we were in Aladdin with Genie Lamps gretting us and an awful blue carpeting/lighting/decor..lol !In summary, this hotel has done a great job turning the Aladdin into a hipper/trendier place without tacking on huge charges on their rooms.  Also the hotel is large but not as huge as say MGM or Luxor so you don't feel overwhelmed and once you figure out the layout of the casino floor it's great.  Next, the Miracle Mile shops are right next door and it contained some upscale shops  but most of the stores were affordable (i.e. Sephora, BCBG, FCUK, etc.).  Again, this hotel is meant to attract a younger crowd and it had mildly succeeded and you won't find to many old ladies smoking at the slots... Instead you'll see strippers over the tables, pulsing music over the casino floor, and some strong drinks served by hot servers...
4	like this place a lot. Miracle Mile has some great shops and at times a little confusing, but fun! i enjoyed my 630am romp with a friend through the shops! FUN! The casino was young and lively. The poker room was bigger than some of the others I have seen in Vegas and while I didn't win here, i had a great time.  The server wasn't that great. it took FOREVER to get our drinks. but fun times were still had.
4	I stayed when this was the Aladdin, and other than the fact it's not on the monorail it's very good. Good location, good room, decent casino. The only annoying part are the time-share salesmen the second you walk outside.
5	All I can say is that right now I am planning another trip to Las Vegas and I want to stay somewhere I haven't been before, but my last trip I stayed at Planet Hollywood and I LOVED IT SO MUCH I'M HAVING TROUBLE BOOKING ANYWHERE ELSE!! Honestly, I went Valentines weekend, 2008 and they had everything going very nicely. My girlfriends and I screamed when we saw the fabulous strip-view room, floor to ceiling mirrors, huge & tall down-covered beds (so, so comfortable), lots of space, flat screen TV, extra large bathroom with lots of get-ready space, fabulous bath and shower, and the coolest big purple chairs that I really wanted to take home with me. We paid $119 for the "Resort" room. As for food, we ordered PF Chang's room service one night and of course it was delicious, but we went to the Spice Market Buffet the next day and it really is no good. I'd give it a C-. But I'll admit I'm a bit of a food snob (what yelper isn't?).We spent a great night at the Heart Bar-- the best drinks in Vegas and the ladies working were so fun. Lots of pretty people all around. The blackjack tables took all the money I won at the Tropicana!! And they took it in about 15 minutes. What a shark! I thought all the staff were really friendly, even the condescending sassafras that stole my money at the Blackjack table, she still TRIED to help my losing ass. I heart PH!
4	In short: Awesomely nice inexpensive hotel with a shitty pool.In long: We used priceline.com's name your own price, and got it for $60 on Thursday. In future if priceline won't hook it up, they offer a 10% off or so with AAA just fyi.With a cheap hotel in mind I wasn't expecting much. And boy was I impressed (this is based on the checking in/out) and the rooms alone (aka I didn't really use the casino much but I did chill in one of the bars in the middle of the casino which was nice). The room was SO SO nice. We got the Jim Carrey themed room so we had some paraphernalia from his movie in our room, so that set a pretty sweet mood. The beds were super big and super comfy. The room and bathroom were super spacey and super prestine, we felt like high rollers. There was also a 42inch or so flat screen tv with lots and lots of channels too, which was awesome. So we went to the pool area and it SUCKED. It was this huggggggge area with terrible planning- the left and right most areas had decent sized, sort of boring pools (though the left one was closed) and then there was this HUGE area between the two just for tanning. I guess I understand a lot of people like to tan, but we all felt that it'd be much nicer if they flipped it and had a huge pool in the middle and tanning all around it. We were all pretty unimpressed. They played like top 40 on low volume in the background too. I guess I'd call it bland.BUT just in case someone really needs a pool or tanning area and you're staying at a shittier place or one without a pool or tanning area, they don't card you at all to get in and out.All in all, a great, great experience- I'd definitely stay here from now on.
5	If anybody asks me where to stay in Las Vegas - I always recommend the Planet Hollywood.  (I didn't when it was the Aladdin... but now that its renovated - its really nice!)It has a mall attached to it with stores that normal people can actually afford.  It has a younger vibe (like a W hotel) and plays some good rock music in the casino.  The rooms are huge and have great views.  And, most importantly, it has a really great location in the middle of the strip!If you are a starwood member, this is a starwood hotel - so don't forget to show them your guest card and get your points.  They always put me in one of the preferred rooms (larger with a view).Breakfast Room Service has filet mignon on the menu.  There's flat screen TVs, and one of the biggest bathrooms I have ever seen!  The room rates are not incredibly expensive either.
3	Sensory overload! If you like that, you'll love it here. I'm not so much a fan, but read on.We ended up staying here with the fly and stay package we booked online with our friends. What's nice about Planet Hollywood is that it is smack dab in the middle of the strip making walking to most places easy to do. There is a never-ending parade to watch outside your window no matter which way you look. The second room we stayed in here was very nice indeed.What I didn't like about Planet Hollywood: the sensory overload is not my kind of thing. There is loud music playing in the main casino area all of the time. Add that to all of the monitors mounted everywhere tuned to different channels, the general casino noise, all of the people, slots, etc and you have one bright, shiny, flashing place that never turns off. I'm sure it's just how they like it. It's just not my thing. I'm more of a quiet luxury and serenity kind of gal. Even the elevators had TV monitors on their ceilings so you did not have to miss any of the celebrity interviews while you were headed to and from your room!Anyway, if your room is high up enough in the building (25 floors or above) and you face the strip you might be lucky enough to see plenty and still sleep through the non-stop construction. We had to change rooms but I have to give props to Planet Hollywood here. They had no problem with this and happily accommodated our request. Not only that, we were upgraded into a really nice room after that; so it worked out.The other thing aside from the sensory overload that bothered me about staying here was the fact that if you did not use the valet parking you have to walk at least a half mile (halfway through the Miracle Mile shops) to get to the entrance to the hotel from the parking lot. I'm no exercise hater or anything but sometimes this was just not fun. Like at midnight when nothing is open and you have already walked miles in the fancy sandals that were never meant for that anyway. Like then. Then it really sucks to have to do that just to get back to your room.Vegas has so much to offer and so many choices to appeal to everyones tastes. I don't think I would stay here again. I'd just as soon try one of the others for a different experience and take on the Vegas scene.
5	Stayed here when we went to Vegas and had a blast. They have renovated almost the entire hotel and the decor is amazing. i thought it definitely had a fun and trendy atmosphere. Our room was gorgeous, we has the resort room vista and had a view of the strip and the eiffel tower was in full view which was a nice touch. The bathroom was huge with marble, huge tub, separate shower. The bed was so comfortable, and I slept great. Aside from this, the hotel is in a great location in the center of the strip and has the club Prive and restaurant Koi-- both world-class establishments. We also found an inexpensive  (imagine, in Vegas!) place called Earl of Sandwich . It was a plus to be able to have this available when we were starving at 3AM! Next time I go to Vegas, I will be staying at Planet Hollywood!
4	This was my first time back to the Alladin after they imploded it and made it into PH. Disappointed this is not a high end casino on the strip, but if you take it at face value, a kind of normal mall with good range of stores, H and M, BeBe, Betsey Johnson and some surprises, like Betty Paige, then it's fine. As a tourist, I didn't like that this was a normal shopping mall with a magic show and other show entrances in it, I'd really rather be somewhere else, but my friend wanted me to see the renovations. Looking at it as a local, it is a perfectly fine place to do some errands in a well designed space that looks like the updated version of the other malls on the strip, the usual, the painted sky, but the ceilings were high which made the shopping experience more comfortable, not so much flourescent lighting....score!
3	Starwood has definitely turned my girlfriend into a points whore!  We just spent the weekend here and I was happy that hotel had been newly renovated.  There was no wait at all to check-in so that was cool.The rooms were simple, but larger than average.  They did have a fabulous plasma mounted on the wall and a complimentary copy of OK Magazine which came in handy while at the pool - small items that stuck out in my mind about my stay.  Oh yeah - NO  mini bar!!!  But hanging out at the pool or pool area...well, it's all concrete everywhere.  They play pretty good music, but it didn't seem loud enough to block out the construction across the street, so take an ipod. It's a fine place to stay if you are there for work, but if you are thinking about really relaxing over the weekend, this may not be the best place.  I'll revisit again, but not in the near future.
5	I stayed here this past weekend, and I absolutely loved it!  They definitely did a great job with the renovations.  My thoughts are scattered, so...THE ROOMS:We were lucky enough to get upgraded to a larger room with a pool view.  2 double beds, a couch, and a roll-away...perfect for six people (and we never felt crowded).  The room was clean, the beds were ridiculously comfortable, and the bathroom...wow, I still can't get over how big the bathroom was.  Icing on the cake: 2 huge mirrors in the room, 2 huge mirrors in the bathroom (one sink/counter on each side) - perfect for a group of girls getting ready to go out =)THE SERVICE:Great - or any synonym of your liking, because frankly, I'm running out.  The casino dealers were friendly and patient - the guy at the craps table wasn't mad at me when i made the dice bounce onto the floor...whew.  Front desk and housekeeping were really helpful too...for some reason, I kept losing my toothbrush, and they didn't sound annoyed at all when I asked for one at 4 a.m.  Guess that's normal in Vegas...SO MUCH TO DO!We pretty much spent the entire weekend wandering around this hotel.  They have it all - various clubs and lounges, restaurants, huge shopping area, and of course...gambling.  Oh yeah, and there's a Fat Tuesdays and Pink's Hot Dogs...seriously, what more can you ask for?PRIVE:The most popular club at Planet Hollywood, that's for sure.  We got hooked up on the first night, so we were already pretty happy...then right when we get in, we're informed that Justin Timberlake is also partying at Prive.  WTH.THE SPICE MARKET BUFFET:Not exactly horrible, but...I definitely wouldn't recommend it.  Everything was basically salt-with-a-little-something-on-the-side.  I guess that's why it was only $21.99.  I would take off 1 star, but everything else about this place is so great that I don't really care about how bad the buffet was.  We were too hungover to eat anyway...
4	I stayed here when it was the Aladdin, on its way to becoming Planet Hollywood. It was partially under construction, but I didn't mind. This was a great hotel, though I don't have much experience with Vegas Hotels in general. The casino was cool - plenty of open machines to play, including video poker at the bar. I thought it was even cooler to have the "underground mall" that was unlike anything I have ever seen before. But, hey, it's Vegas, innit? Stores upon stores upon stores upon places to eat and drink... wow. There was so much to do here - just at this one location - that I didn't feel much need to check out other hotels, although I was told I needed to, since each one boasts their own "appeal." I'd definitely consider staying at this hotel again. The room, with two queen-sized beds, was spacious, clean and offered up a HUGE bathroom, which was good, considering I shared the room with two other ladies. Plus, since I got a bit too inebriated (let's face it, i was hammered) one night and spent around 5 hours passed out at the base of the toilet, I'd say even the bathroom floor deserves 4 stars!
1	So, I was trying to make reservations for a weekend stay at PH.  My cousin is getting married and decided to have it here.  She was given a discount code to give to those of us who will be staying here for the festivities... I'm at work trying to make these reservations so I left the invite @ home (along with the damn code) but I had my cousin's last name and figured that was enough.  WRONG.  I called the first time (yeah, there were several calls) and gave the last name and the lady on the phone found the reservations, but wouldn't give me the discounted rate QUOTE because I didn't have the code.  SIGH. I put a call in to my cousin for the code, and she wonders why they're even asking if they have her name already?  ME TOO.  I call a second time, armed with the last name AND the code (AWED) for a mere 10% discounted rate... THIS time, some other lady tells me I need the GROOM'S last name as well.  So, it's not good enough now that I have the bride's last name, the code- but now I need the GROOM'S last name too.  WTH?!!!  Does that make sense to ANYONE?  So... again I call my cousin and tell her the b.s. I have to deal with in order to get a QUOTED price for the weekend stay, she's surprised because she had just recently made the reservations for her parent's, didn't say she was the bride nor did she give her last name, all she provided was the code (AWED) and was processed.  SO... the THIRD time I called back I asked to speak with a supervisor.  This new lady had a major attitude, wanted to know what I was calling about, I wouldn't divulge that information I just stated that I needed to speak with a supervisor or her manager, she kept asking what for, what was the purpose of my call... and would NOT transfer me.  Along with that her attitude was very snide and nasty.  She finally put me on hold and I waited a good 5 min. before I realized I was probably going to be kept in limbo as long as I was on the phone.  So I hung up and called again (FOURTH CALL!!!) and again asked for a supervisor, this lady again asked for the reason and I flat out said, "For exactly this reason- your customer service."  She immediately put me on hold and a manager came on the line.  I tried to explain the situation that had occurred and he didn't seem interested in it, he just cut to the chase and quoted me the price with the 10% discount.  I will never ever ever stay here, they act like they don't need the business and my cousin has since told me that they treat her like crap and she's having her WEDDING there.  She's threatened to change venue and they act like they don't care.  If this hotel is public, they sure don't act like they want public people here- it seems as if they'll only cater to you if you're face is plastered on US Weekly... Planet Hollywood SUCKS!!!
4	I got a deal on this place. My friends and I decided to go to Vegas on a whim and luckily I got this place on Priceline for about 100 bucks a night, whereas the cheapest I could find on Hotels.com was 120 bucks for the Stratosphere, which might as well be in Utah. Now usually when I book on Priceline, I get a room with a lovely view of the wall but to my surprise, I had a wonderful view of the strip. Not only that, the room was bigger square footage wise than other hotels I have stayed at on the strip and the bathroom had a soaking tub and his/her sinks. As far as the casino aspect, they are sort of in a transition phase. Since Planet Hollywood bought the casino from the Aladdin, you can tell they are trying to cater to the 20-30 crowd. It has a pretty nice shopping area and the renovations are done quite well. Best of all, it has one of the best locations on the strip. Right in the middle of everything.
4	Planet Hollywood aka PH is a great location on the strip.It's open, but still got a lot of work to do.The lobby is beautiful, but understated... I'm a big fan of all the crystal chandeliers.The renovation of the casino was well thought out.  Card tables, roulette, lounges, etc. gives a great vibe.  Color scheme is on the masculine side, but the bling bling really makes up for it.  (Hey, it's Vegas, what do you expect?)The Spice Market Buffet... the reason why I'm yelping... is the epitome of Vegas buffets.  It's really priced well.  There's many selections to choose from.  Every item cooked to perfection.  Servers and staff are quick to respond.  My favorite entree was the cook-to-order crepes.  Because of this place, we'll always go to PH when we visit.  Next time, we'll try to stay on property... hopefully the renovation is complete by then... and maybe the rating will be a 5???
4	I was skeptical when I heard that the Aladdin was being redone as a Planet Hollywood hotel & casino, but they've done a great job at sprucing this place up.  They put up chandeliers and a lot of other shiny objects, and they have one blackjack pit with go-go dancers.  The center bar is still hooker central, so if you need a hooker, now you know where to go.  I've yet to go to their club Prive, but I have eaten a few times at their buffet and consider it one of the best in town.  The new poker room is OK, and the mall has some great shops & restaurants -- H&M, Blondie's, and Hawaiian Tropic Zone are a few of my favorites.  Oh, and one time I saw Ashton Kutcher and Demi Moore playing blackjack and snapped a picture.  Cool.
5	I've never been here when it was Aladdin, so I can't really compare.  BUT, it exceeded my expectations!  We stayed in the 2 bedroom panaoramic suite and it was off the hook!!!  It fit 11 of us girls comfortably and had a Forrest Gump theme.  The room was decked out with modern decor and a mini bar w/ a fridge where we put all the alcohol we brought.  In total, we had 2 1/2 bathrooms and 6 beds (including roll-aways and large couches).  I'm not sure which restaurant the room service came from but the chicken strips were DELICIOUS!! hahaThey also have 2 pool areas and a DJ plays music between 10am - 5pm.  We stayed there for a few hours before our flight back home...a really nice place to relax and recover from the previous nights. Planet Hollywood is connected to the Miracle Mile so shopping was really convenient.
3	I recently returned from a conference in Las Vegas. Couldn't afford to stay at the conference hotel, but got an incredible deal at the PH. $99 a night for one of the renovated suites. All I can say is wow!!! This thing was huge. 2 42" LCDs, a bathroom that must have been 200 sf itself, great king bed and a wonderful view of the fountains at B. Casino was in great shape, lots of tables, and eye candy walking around. Had a blast watching the karaoke and Prive club. The new poker room was nice.
5	I enjoyed my stay here soooo much!I had a fabulous room.  Although Bruce Willis staring at me over the top of a gun, while getting ready in the bathroom was a little intimadating.  The room was spacious and in good repair.  They crowning glory however  was the view.  We had a view of the Bellagio fountains. It was so magnificent.  However, my friends were in the south tower, with a room halfway renovated, they had a small tv( we had a plasma) and still had the alladin carpet with a view of nothing.  Ask for a renovated room, and try to stay in the north tower, you will not be sorryThe casino was tons of fun.  We gambled a lot.  I didnt win anything but my friend won $1000.  You can pull a daily slot for a chance to win $2million, I won tickets to Stomp, and the boy one a flashlight!
5	Review for casino only...I stayed here when it was the Aladdin and it was an absolute dump...so there is no way I was staying here again, so I don't know how the hotel is now.But, the casino is one of the coolest in LV.  The striped lighting in the place is amazing and the gaming furniture and machines are perfect matches--very retro, yet comfortable.  It's an intelligent layout and my favorite place to gamble on the Strip.
5	This place is great!  I still see remnants of the old Aladdin casino... maybe they're not done remodeling yet... but it still rocks!  I love the Miracle Mile shops.  Just about anything you need, you can find there.They also have the Spice Market Buffet, only the best buffet in Las Vegas!  I played a bit of craps here, and I really enjoyed myself.  The table was hot, and the dealers still took the time to help me out.  One dealer in particular, James, kept me smiling the whoe time.  I was teaching my friends how to play, and James kept chiming in and filling in the gaps when I didn't know why I was betting a particular way.I think I'm going to stay here on my next excursion to Vegas....
3	I really wanted this place to be better.  The Casino and Lobby are awesome.  It actually has design instead of a cheesy "theme".  The basic rooms are too basic and poorly laid out.  There is one outlet in the room to use, no towel racks in the bathroom, crappy TVs and alarm clocks.Friends had a panoramic room and although is was better, it was poorly laid out with lots of wasted space.  I was also shocked at how dirty the hallways were.  Nothing was vacuumed the three days I was there.I'd go back only for a good deal.
4	i loved this hotel!  the rooms were very clean and comfy for our big groups.  we used the suite for 10 people!  5 girls on the bed and 5 guys on the floor.  the next day in our new rooms, the two full beds accommodated 3 girls on each.  we had to celebrate my 21st big!! the bathrooms were beautiful and the room was comfy for all of us.  i loved the lobby and the convenient shops right downstairs so we didnt have to go out into the desert heat.  lots of places to eat and touristy shops if youre into that.  we gambled a little bit as there were plenty of tables and slot machines to waste.. or win! money at.the only downside?  even though we got a smoke free room---i lost my voice for half the week because the smoke seeped through the vents and f-ed my voice up!!  i know it's vegas but give me a break!
4	I had a great stay at Planet Hollywood last month. Beds are very comfy and the room although clean seemed very dusty. The Casino was very nice and the dealers were all very friendly. I never stayed in the old Aladian but they did a nice job of remodeling. I would stay there again for sure.
2	2 stars is all this place can get. Pros - middle of the strip, clean, new, cool mall Cons - ZERO customer service. Granted, I didn't gamble there, so I can only speak for the hotel staff, but I was not impressed. They were slow, unfriendly, and unapologetic when we got there (after check-in time) and our room was still NOT ready.  We were staying in their best suite.   Oh yeah - the pools and the area around them, sucked!! It was just hot cement and lots of wasted space. no good. I'd only consider staying here again if they had a special. Otherwise, I'd stay somewhere else.
2	does Vegas have the worst cusotmer service or what, when it comes to hotels. We requested 2 rooms to be joined together 3-4 months in advance. We get there and they are not even close to each other. We complain and it doenst get us anywhere, they just didnt care. While we where complaing at the counter the guy next to us is yelling at the other lady because he had reserved a room and they said they didnt show it and he said he isnt going anywhere until they get him a room, WTF. I really like the rooms, its bad that service is so bad. When we goto hotels we always put the DND sign on the door because we dont want people in our room when we are not there, well there wasnt a sign and we requested that they bring us one and to just put in in the door. We get back and our room is cleaned up etc and no sign on the door. horrible.
2	I originally thought PH was great, and one of the only casinos/hotels in Vegas where I felt comfortable. Then I stayed there for several days and discovered that the staff is almost uniformly rude, the taxi line and valet are invariably backed up forever, and they charge for everything -- including $25/day to use the GYM! And on the weekends, their pools become the domain of college fratty meatheads who play football in the water to attracted the attention of all the trixies around them. Boob tattoos positively required. Yuck.
4	I only came to the old Aladdin for the Buffet that my friend recommended. But I was offered a special offer from them and stayed here for 3 nights for my last business trip to Las Vegas.I found the valet and check-in very friendly, prompt, and courteous. The room was very well appointed and had a great touch with a display of a sword used in the movie "Highlander" in the bedroom. The bathroom was large and included a large tub and a separate shower.I had some packages that were sent from my office which weighed a total of 50 Lbs. but they were very accommodating and they did make arrangements for the delivery to my room although it did cost $10, the service was nice. The buffet is excellent and you can find a long line for lunch/dinner if you wait too long. They include a wide range of ethnic food ranging from: chinese, japanese, mediteranean, mexican, italian, and continental.I get bored easily and found myself playing the only game I feel comfortable playing in a casino- Texas Hold em. No way am I going to play games where the casino has the advantage. I enjoy playing other players and in Vegas I always make some money playing poker against tourists and buzzed/drunk players.I am very impressed with their poker room. Although simply decorated, it does present an inviting atmosphere compared to most poker rooms in Vegas. The servers come by often to offere free drinks. Although I have stayed elsewhere on later trips to expand my hotel experience, I always come back to this poker room. Unlike other poker rooms (Luxor) it isn't full of drunks and the other players are very personable and respectful.
3	Check-in/out: short line, friendly agent and asked for and got 22nd floor room overlooking Bellagio fountains. Checkout was drama free at the desk.Room: I got completely remodeled floor with a 22nd floor room overlooking the Bellagio fountains so that was the best aspect of the room. The room itself was clean and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was fine except you could tell the shower was getting older. The grout was not sparkling. Worst thing was that the room and the hotel smelled like smoke, especially if you didn't turn on the A/C. Wireless or wired Internet was $13.99/24 hour period. Sucky thing is that you cannot pay once and use wired and wireless with same computer. Lame. The movie theme of my room was a Tom Arnold movie called "The Stupids." I had never heard of it and after reading about, it is appropriately named.The Hotel: I think the smokers come to this hotel to suck in everyone elses' 2nd hand smoke since the ventilation in this system does not seem to work as well as the newer hotels. They must have not spent money redoing the system when it changed names. This hotel was particularly difficult orienting yourself to where exits are. I had to find landmarks so I could go in the direction I wanted. The PH employees trying to grab you at the entrances are annoying. I have no idea what they were selling since I avoided them every time (but from other reviewers: it seems to be a timeshare trap). Did not see this at any other hotel.Location in center strip is very good. If you want to use the monorail, you have to go next door to Paris and travel your way to Ballys through the Paris mall.Verdict: I always thought the PH restaurants were cheesy and knockoff. I think this hotel follows suit.
3	My husband and I decided to take my brother-in-law who was visiting us on a last minute trip to Vegas the Wednesday and Thursday before the 4th of July. I booked Planet Hollywood the day before we wanted to leave on Hotwire for $68 a night. So not shabby at all.PARKING: We ended up using the complimentary valet. We arrived at PH at about 6:30 pm, so there was a bit of a line. We had to wait about ten minutes for the valet to give us our ticket, but that wasn't a big deal to us. A guy in a large SUV did try to cut in front of me to get in the valet line, but the valet guy totally held it down for me and told him he had to go all the way around to get in line. I could have kissed the valet guy for that! When picking up your car to leave, I really recommend sending one person down early. It took about 20-25 minutes to get the car and it's pretty chaotic. You really have to be watching for your car because while they do yell your name, it can be hard to hear.CHECKIN/CHECKOUT: Check-in was a freaking hot mess at PH. I think I have been spoiled by the Palazzo my last two stays in Vegas because their checkin is super smooth and they always have enough people working. When I got in line at PH, it was quite lengthy and there was only ONE person working the front desk checking people in! Awesome. Luckily after about ten minutes in line, four more people showed up and started checking people in. Once I got to the counter, my check-in was really smooth and took less than five minutes. I don't understand why some people take fifteen minutes to check-in, but that's just me. Check-out was really smooth...I did express checkout and just dropped the room keys in the slot in the lobby.ROOM: We stayed in the "Flash Gordon" room which amused my husband and brother-in-law, so there were some props and movie posters in the room and bathroom. We had two queen beds,which were really really comfortable. The room itself wasn't very large and the lighting was really lacking. Even when we had all the lights on, it was still quite dim. The bathroom only had one sink, which totally killed our plan to use the second sink as an ice bath for alcohol. I mean, even the freaking Holiday Inn rooms have double sinks, but whatever.POOL: We went to the pool on Thursday in the late morning (around 11:30 am). When we got there, both pools were pretty busy. We found one chair at one of the pools, which my husband graciously let me have. Both pools aren't that large; the pool we were at was half cabanas and then half chairs and beds that anyone could use. The pool was busy until about 1:15ish and then it cleared out for awhile and started to get busy again around 2:45. There were only two cocktail waitresses and 1 foodrunner (I assume that is what she was) working the whole pool (including the cabanas), but once you flagged one down, they came around pretty regularly to you (tipping well also helps). There were quite a few fruity drinks available (not my style) and a fair number of beers available by the bottle. I stuck with boring Bud Light and they were $6 each. The pool atmosphere itself was fun...maybe I got lucky, but the people around us were very nice and chatty, so I met some interesting people the few hours I was out. I did have one celebrity sighting that afternoon...Corbin Bernsen of Major League fame. Oh yea.CASINO: The casino is nice and was well laid-out. Plus there were a lot of signs and things were well marked, so it was easy to get around. Not really a casino I would make a point to stop by if I wasn't staying at PH, but good enough to spend a few late night minutes on the way back to the room.Overall, PH is a decent place to stay on the strip if you aren't looking for anything super fancy and want a good central location which gets it a solid 3 stars from me.
3	I think I have a burgeoning love-hate relationship going on with Planet Hollywood. Like the type of dysfunctional relationship you have with an ex-boyfriend. As his Girl Who Got Away, he may pay you compliments and make you feel important, but then he inevitably is stupid and piggish and you remember why you broke up. Anyway...Love:Location! It's in the center of everything.Atmosphere is friendly and fun.Lots to do and see - different from same old.Free karaoke!Hate:One of the smokiest hotels I visited.Kids running around (unattended) upstairs at 12:30 in the morning.Very loud; hard to hear anyone trying to talk to you.Karaoke = AWFUL. Mostly middle-aged cigar smoking men who want to ogle pretty, drunk girls singing badly.I didn't eat any of the food but it was a moot point since nothing was vegetarian... Not sure I would ever stay here -- perhaps if I got an amazing deal I would. Love the fact that it's attached to the Miracle Mile though. :)
4	I had visited this place before when it used to be the Aladdin Hotel and Casino a few years back. I enjoyed my stay then, and this time is no exception. My family and I were here from a Tuesday through Friday, so we didn't encounter too much of a crowd. However, the number of guests had a huge increase come Thursday, which is usually when the weekend rush hits. The hotel features beautiful decor, a great buffet (which happened to be voted Best in Vegas last year), and I couldn't help walking around the Miracle Mile Shops nearly everyday. We took advantage of the valet parking, which is almost a must if you want to stay out of the sweltering 3 digit heat. At times, the service was a little slow, but the staff was prompt and curteous. They even gave us bottled water while we were waiting for our car. We were also lucky to have a room with a view of the entire Bellagio fountain and the hotel's pool area. Only downside? The housekeeping staff could've been a bit more friendly. My dad was a little irked that they didn't really greet us as we would walk by. He would be the one who would end up saying "Good morning" first. I don't think he wanted to tip them either, but my mom said to do it anyway out of common courtesy. Haha! Other than that, I wouldn't mind staying here again.
4	Good to see that this hotel is under new management. When it was the Aladdin, there was so much wrong with it. Not anything bad but it just didn't compare with its immediate neighbors. Now its look and its atmosphere resembles more of the Palms than a touristy casino.Love the loud house and dance music. Love the karaoke, love the bars and the whole scene. This is the place to bring your friends and people you want to kick it with. DONT bring the kids nor the grandparents or anyone else who will suffer from extra sensory overload.I was "iffy" from the moment coming in but when I heard the music and laughter and the hot chicks prancing around, I knew that this place was cool. Give it a few years and this place will get its act together. It looks like there's more investment into this place. I like it already.
4	We stayed here when it was Alladin and we love the PH much better.We stayed for 4 days and enjoyed our time here. We had a Titanic themed 'Fountain View' room (it is SO worth paying the extra few $$ to upgrade) and the standard was excellent.The only major complaint (and it is MAJOR) is that I was really to kill someone by the time I checked out, due to the non-stop obscene and disrespectful harrassment by the PH staff trying to promote their new condos being built out the back.The basic game play is:- someone stands at every PH entrance elevator door, corridor, casino opening, hallway, restaurant door inside PH and asks you if you've "Received your free comps when checking in?"- Make the mistake of saying 'No' and you get told you get a free show compliments of PH, and they take you to the 'Guest Services' desk where they then tell you to get the free show, you need to sign up for a 2 hour 'tour' of their new condo facility and a sales meeting. When you say 'no thankyou' they will follow you through the Casino and harrass the living shit out of you until you have to be extremely rude and tell them to piss off and leave you alone.- then you find there are 2 more people standing behind the first person who will also ask you if you've received your free comps at checkin, and you get this everywhere you go, everywhere in the casino, all times of the day and night for the entire duration of your stay.- Say 'No thankyou' very politely when you walk past, they will either give you attitude, or will follow you and try to stand infront of you to make you walk over to their services desk.By about the morning of day 3, I was starting to tell them to f*ck off as I was so fed up with having to fight my way through the Casino. We (along with other guests) were making creative ways to get in and out of the Casino and our hotel rooms without having to go through their main stalking grounds. It was ridiculous.For this reason alone I'm torn between saying this is an awesome hotel (with all of the restaurants, great gaming, great rooms, very clean, Mile shops) and saying if you can stay somewhere equally as good for the same or a little more $$...go there instead.You'll understand once you've been harrased for 4 days straight by theabove mentioned 'party wreckers'.
3	After my friend ran a $250 bar tab at the Heart Bar, and called me to come get him, I became familiar with the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino.  I discovered it's typically less expensive for Las Vegas casino hotels, and it's right on the Strip, so that's what attracted me. I had enjoyed the sushi restaurant on an earlier visit, so my mind was made up to stay at Planet Hollywood. I am not sorry I did.  I liked the hipper "vibe" and the fact the hotel sits atop a mall so there was something to do other than gamble. You can either just window shop, fantasize what you'd do if you won the $1 million shopping spree, or like I did, shop and dine here; the ABC Store had reasonably priced sundry items and snacks and was convenient for grabbing a bottle of water or some antacid before heading up to the room. There was a great sale going on at the Metropolitan Museum of Art shop too. Unlike the Bellagio, you walk off the elevator, through the casino and you are out on the strip in no time.   Ironically, the sushi restaurant was always closed while I was there. Check-in went smoothly but it was so noisy I just smiled and nodded at whatever the desk clerk said.  But that's a minor complaint since I loved the 80s soundtrack to my stay.  The room was enormous, strangely so, triangular in shape, and the decor was dark and sort of odd, reminding me of the Munsters, shades of purple, green and black. Not exactly my taste..  The large bathroom had two vanities which I liked but the water pressure in the shower was extremely low.  The decor of the hotel and casino is unspectacular and I kind of missed the "Hollywood" theme except there's some sort of VIP thing going on which I couldn't figure out.  I never could find my way through the casino to the right elevator, which at first was humorous but then became annoying. And guests take the elevator for just one flight since it's hard making out where the escalators are located.  The staff was not particularly friendly, but then most of the time I had trouble hearing them, and the woman at the guest center was downright rude as she was ready for her break and didn't feel like helping anyone else.  At least be apologetic!  The concierge was very helpful and recommended the Hawaiian Tropic restaurant in the mall which was great, as well as a sushi restaurant at Caesar's.  The pool was wonderful with lots of lounge chairs to relax in.  PH wouldn't necessarily be my first choice for a stay in Las Vegas, (look for a Palazzo review coming soon) but I'd stay here again.
4	I stayed at PH for a girls weekend, we stayed for 2 nights.  The room was huge and really nice.  We were a little thrown off by the fact that there was no closet, just an armoire that was part of the entertainment center.   The bathroom was also huge, with a soaking tub and separate shower and plenty of counter space.  Important if you are a girl that likes her hair and makeup products. (I swear I'm not high-maintenance)  We were a little disappointed by the fact that as the night goes on, the casino gets really, really dead.  Compared to other places on the Strip, this one is a veritable graveyard at 2 AM.    Overall a really nice hotel, I will stay there again.
4	I stayed at Planet Hollywood on my first trip to Las Vegas. Being a Vegas virgin is overwhelming when you consider the options for your hotel stay alone... Planet Hollywood ended up being the perfect fit.Check in was super easy and the bell people were very friendly. The rooms are huge, clean, and perfect for groups/friends because the toilet is separate from the huge soaking tub and shower (meaning many gals can get ready at once). Although there are some remnants of Aladdin (carpet and lighting), the former hotel, it is very modern. To my pleasure, it is also not tacky! The prices were really affordable, and a good deal considering the room we got.The crowd seemed generally younger at PH and the casino was much quieter than others on the strip. To me, this is a good thing! It means you can get a seat at any table you want and walk around without being clobbered by a ride on scooter or fanny pack. Like others, I enjoyed the trendy music and lack of a theme!!!The restaurants and shops in the Miracle Mile are conveniently attached to the hotel. Not to mention, PH is right on the strip. At check in we got a bunch of coupons for the Spice Market buffet, which made eating there a pretty good deal. The major downfall for me was the pool area. Both pools are tiny and surrounded by a huge concrete desert. Great for tanning, not so great for cooling off!
5	The AMAZING and newly revamped PLANET HOLLYWOOD RESORT and CASINO gets special honors as my 200th review! I recently stayed here for my very first time since PH took over the old Aladdin Hotel, and I must say the renovations are simply off the hook! The first changes I noticed was walking through the new Miracle Mile Shopping Mall. Although the shops and restaurants remain relatively similar from the old Aladdin Hotel days, some of the wall repaints gave it new life comparable to the feel of the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace...Upon entering the casino area, I was very impressed with how posh and modern this place has become with a mixture of futuristic and retro furnishings and decor, bright colors, and light fixtures. The music they pump out at the casino is loud and oozes out a party atmosphere off the bat! The overall layout of the place is very easy to navigate around, so no problems getting lost in here. In the heart of the casino is the Heart Bar, which I will also review later... The slots and tables are all brand spanking new...which leads to my favorite area of the casino, the gaming area where the dealers are all hot chicks in lingerie and go-go dancers all around! Very dangerous place to get distracted and lose all your money at, but man these girls just wanna make you fall in lust over and over again. So from the casino, the service desk is a short escalator ride down one floor where checking in is a breeze. The employees are very friendly and accomodating. I happen to get a really cute Filipina chick to help me out, and a little flirting does go a long way...my room was upgraded to a suite! Amazing what a smile and making her laugh will do. So off to the room I went and I must say the rooms here are very nice. Everything smells brand new and plush. 42" plasma screen, hot tub, and the most comfortable hotel bed I've been on! *sigh*This is definitely NOT your grandparents' or parents' typical Las Vegas hotel....The crowd here is young, beautiful, and hip! Everything here is just so gaddamn cool! The HOT women that stay and party here are just unfrikkenbelievable! Again I was falling in lust left and right...No wonder they chose this spot to film the movie "21" at. I've found my new favorite place to stay in Sin City!
5	So far my favorite casino on the strip. PH has that hip/chill vibe and the colors and design are just my style.  Didn't get a room here, or get a chance to check out the bar, but I certainly hope to in the future.  If you want to do some "serious" gambling for long hours then this might not be the place for you.  This is more of a relaxing "fun" gambling sort of place to me.  Although gambling is never fun when you lost, but fortunately for me I kept my blackjack hot streak goin that weekend.edit:Just watched the movie "21" recently (pretty bad) and noticed that this was the setting for most of the movie.
4	Okay, so I'm only review the gambling tables and nothing else.I gotta review it cause everyone I went with, ended up leaving ahead, you can't beat that.  The dealers were super laid back and nice, plus they had $10 blackjack tables.  However, for an additional $5/hand, you could play in the "pleasure pit" where all the dealers were super young & super done up.  They were all wearing bustiers, booty shorts & stripper heels.  Needless to say there were a lot of guys playing those tables.The new decor is pretty swanky too.
5	-Room-The spacious room (#20sumsum'n), sparingly accented with props/posters from the 1976 film Logan's Run, was designerly, despite the few bits of cinematic tackiness.  The accommodations, though we were rarely actually IN the room to enjoy them, were luxurious.  Two large and comfortable queen beds with floor to ceiling padded/felt headboards (oooh, rough!).  Two "I can drunkenly sleep right here" lounge chairs, a humongous dresser/entertainment center w/42"+ flatscreen teevee, and a simple desk round out the furnishings.Our window, though large and [potentially] picturesque, faced out to the east(?) towards very little of a view.Also note, in-room intarwebz costs an astronomical $14 per day (s'why you didn't see me yelping last Saturday thru Tuesday!)The bathroom was THE ooh-la-la!  The large, warmly-lit room is flanked by two sinks/counters and two large mirrors.  At the center-back of the room is roomy bath/spa.  To the left, a closet for the throne.  To the right, the plate glass-doored spacious shower... with a bench.  (mmmm, secksy!)-The Pools-The sixth floor.  The wide open space of the sixth floor rooftop is a little desolate on first impression.  Most of the immediate area is occupied by rows and rows of beach chairs.  The two pools at either side of the roof aren't anything particularly cutting edge, but it is where all the sun-bathing beauts are.  (yummm, hotness!)-Casino-The gaming floor at PH is not as much of a spectacle as those of other casinos.  Because of PH's dark color scheme (black and pink?) and the centrally located structure of Heart Bar, the expanse of the floor is broken up and somewhat less cacophonous.The Pleasure Pit is awesome, a set of card/game tables dealt by scantily clad women as well as entertained by scantily clad dancers prancing about on nearby stages...  How could you not dig that...?  Makes it a little hard to concentrate though...The Poker Room is one of the nicer Hold'Em rooms on the strip, IMO, since it is not totally secluded; I can sit at the nearby Extra Lounge and watch my homegirl charm and victimize other players into bad beats and dumb calls.  Heh, suckas!_______________________________________________Cards, drinks, and *bootybootybootybooty-rockin-e'rywhere*!!
4	Hubby and I celebrated our 5th anniversary at the "new" Planet Hollywood this past month and enjoyed ourselves immensely. I was sort of scared due to the reviews I've read prior to our trip. While I do believe that some of the rooms are pretty icky (they haven't remodeled all of their rooms), we were fortunate enough to stay in one of their revamped rooms in the north tower. We were upgraded to their fountain room for free which was awesome. We had awesome views of the strip and the Bellagio water show. The room was decorated tastefully with kitschy "Hollywood" stuff, a nice plasma tv and fun furniture. You can't beat the location, either. Oh, and Miracle Mile, too.Everything about PH is great..that is, until you get to the pool area. Seriously, the pool sucks. And what is Vegas in the middle of a heat wave without an awesome pool?! Blasphemy!
2	The outside of this hotel is the complete opposite of the inside.  It looked like a barbie dream house EXPLODED inside here and Barbie somehow became naked and running around dealing cards.  We came here to gamble for a bit and I nearly died of either happiness or anger when I saw the pink tables with hearts to bet in.  The dealers were all women who shuffled with their breasts together just for us.  It was highly distracting and I swear all the women had bangin' 20 year old bodies with not so bangin 45 year old faces.  I also don't know if I can trust a woman with a rack the size of my head to count to 21 that fast.  Basically I lost a bunch of money here in the pleasure pit and made my way back to Paris.
4	This is only for the casino.  I like the decor and I enjoyed gambling here.  They also have nice offers when you join their players' club - slot credit, more slot credit, coupon book, etc.  They  have some of the video blackjack games that I like (and which are rather tough to find) and I was able to play for hours just on my slot credits.  Unfortunately, I did not play at any tables here.  But, I would definitely return to play at the tables because I enjoyed playing machines here and I found all the staff to be very nice.
4	Want married men to buy you drinks while shamelessly flirting with you in front of their buddies?  One eye on you, and the other eye on basketball bets they can't afford to lose?  Come here during March Madness - or any day that ends in a "y."Of course, our chances of meeting the single guys of our dreams were slightly soiled due to the Miss USA Pageant being held at our Hotel.  Rats!  Gosh darn pretty folk.  Try lounging poolside in a bikini, reading your John Grisham novel, when Miss Tennessee and Miss Georgia approach, block the sun, and ask if the seats beside you are taken in their  "ya'll cain't say no tuh us" drawls.  *suck in stomach? check! stick out arm? check!  feeling like hamburger next to steak? check!*Since the Planet Hollywood was unable to do a complete overhaul of the Aladdin, they cut a few cost corners.  For example, my Hollywood-themed room had a genie lamp and some crazy swirly carpet.  Same great price and reliable everything - just painted purple and with giant PH symbols everywhere.But the mall is still there!  There's nothing better than walking down to the lobby in the morning, taking 5 kamikaze shots, and then stumbling around the attached mall and spending the money in your "I'll get fired if my boss reads my Yelp reviews" savings account. They had nice ashtrays, which Lindsey and I glamorously threw up in on way to the airport the last morning.  See?  PH brought us a little closer to being Hollywood starlets.  I look forward to seeing what else has been remodeled - in seven months, when I'm allowed to be within 100 yards of the property.
1	rooms were clean, and comfortable. not a terrible place to stay and the cheapest by far on the strip. however...the first room i was given had a constant "whir, whir, whir" sound. the window also had a strange vent that pumped dust into the room when opened. i called the desk and they said "yes, your room is next to the service elevator shaft. we can move you." great, i go down to the desk and they have no idea what i am there for. i have to explain all over again. second room was fine. until i put my feet into the bed sheets and found half of them were missing. my feet were on some weird scratchy mat thing, and the mattress. i had to remake my own bed before i could go to sleep.wanted to order room service, but all the food pages from the book in the room had been removed. ordered another copy so i could order food, but it took forever to arrive. i called after 15 min and was told "just wait, he's busy and it takes him time". bah, i left and ate elsewhere.the decorations in both rooms included weapons. a giant knife and a pistol inside a clear-top table in the first room, and a throat-cutting wire and a stabbing knife in the second room. the pictures on the wall were of schwarzenegger pointing large guns at someone not in the frame. bedroom -- pistol. bathroom -- automatic rifle. just what i want to see when i am about to take a dump...hey, look it's arnold in a threatening pose with a gun pointed at me. sadly it did not scare the shit out of me, if that was the intent.wtf? is there a room that doesn't have violent and gory death as a theme? another reviewer mentioned logan's run. i guess violence is what they mean by celebrity and hollywood-esque these days. come to think of it the curtains and chair were a convenient dark blood color.oh, tried to use the spa but they said all their systems were offline and infotech had to come fix things. i walked in at 6am and asked if they could fit me into their first slot of the day, but they said they were unable to function without their computer screen. they called me at 9am and asked if i was still interested. 3 hours of sitting around waiting just to see if your calendar is free. brilliant.last comment. i was constantly hassled by people idling around by the doors. these pesky sales people would say "have you received your free gift?" and then try to chase me down and convince me to sign up on some 90 minute pitch for real estate. over and over and over, every time i came or went by the doors some sales person was chasing after me with an offer i just could not refuse. please. no more. one woman even tried saying "hey, just come over here. i really need to tell you something" when i came out of the elevators. they should give out a "leave me the f('&&#$k alone" symbol to wear so you can turn them down permanently.update: do not use the fast checkout process. a $5.95 room charge appeared on my credit card. i called accounting and after a 30 min hold time was told one of the water bottles in the room was missing. i told them i didn't touch the water. they agreed to reverse the charge, but only after i read my credit card info to them over the phone. eh? if they had my number to bill me for the mysterious bottle after i checked out, why do they need me to read them the number again to reverse the mistake?moments later i noticed i was billed for a spa appointment that mentioned above. i was not allowed to go because the computers were not working. and yet my room was charged after i checked out. after 15 min on hold the accounting department said they could not help me and transferred me to the spa. the spa put me on hold for another 15 min. when they tried to look up my appointment they found a completely different set of charges and said they had to research the differences. again i had to give them my credit card over the phone. now i can see that random charges are being sent to my room number, which is then tied to my credit card. so disputing any of the charges requires you to give the credit card number to someone on the phone. seems like a scam to me.dropping my rating from 3 to 2 star due to the hassles, mistakes, erroneous billing and deceptive practices. they say they are refunding the full amount, so i'll leave it at 2 stars for now. if i have to continue to waste time on this, it'll be headed straight to planet 1 star.
3	I can't vouch for the rooms but this place has definitely cleaned up from its Aladdin days! There were crystal chandeliers everywhere and mood lighting! I think they even splurged and replaced the carpets.Embarassingly to say, my favorite part of the casino was the Pleasure Pit... they had two hot dancers and a bunch of dealers wearing corsets and garters dealing... Wow....Minus two stars for how annoyingly far it was to get from the parking structure to the center of the hotel. Yes. I love shopping. But I am not fond of walking through half the darned mall in order to get my fix at the buffet. Seriously, if I was staying here and had to manuever my luggage through these shopping crowds, I'd go bonkers.
5	While on my debauchery trip in vegas, one of our friends booked a suite here for his trip.  We officially declared his room the party room, his suite was so dope!  Comfy duvet's on the bed, a bathtub with a view of the water show at the Bellagio and a big screen tv to watch tv while soakin the tub, and another tv on the other side of the wall for the bed!   Plenty of counter space for alcohol and their 24 hour room service was the shit!  Where else can you order ice cream, waffles, french fries, hashbrowns and hot wings at 4am?
4	Definitely one of the BEST hotel I have stayed at.  My bf and I stayed in the Planet Hollywood deluxe room with a king sized bed, a couch, seperate shower and tub, *his and her* sinks? (there were two), all with plenty of space for me to jumprope around.  (yes, I brought my jumprope in case I couldn't get into the fitness center at the hotel =)).Not only was the room great, the pool was perfect, the buffett was delicious, the 24 hour Planet Dailies was convinent, the slots grabbed my attention, plenty of shopping at the Miracle Mile which was connected to Planet Hollywood.  The hotel is right in the center of the strip, so you can go anywhere you'd like, but since this hotel had practically everything affordable in it, we stayed within the vicinity most of the time.Planet Hollywood was definitely a one stop shop/dine/sleep/play!
4	Pretty nice hotel, I have a particular affinity for hotels that are centrally located on the Strip. The rooms are pretty nice, and I like how their bathrooms are on the larger side, even in their regular rooms. However, I did NOT appreciate that despite the fact that I booked my room like 2 months in advance, I still ended up with some room with a handicapped bathroom. And let me tell you folks, that is the WORST. It's not a regular shower, and the curtain just blows around with the pressure of the water, basically semi-flooding the floor space. Needless to say, I was pretty ticked off so the next morning I called the front desk and switched to a regular room. I don't really get why they couldn't give me that in the first place, but whatever. Their room service is pretty bomb, they offer a ton of different foods and it comes pretty fast. I also like how right downstairs is a big casino, shops, bars, a club (though Prive kinda sucks), and that TASTYYYYY sandwich place (check for my other review). The pool area was super crowded of course, but it wasn't too hard to find some available lounge chairs and claim a corner of the pool. I'd stay here again.
3	Didn't stay here, but we made a long walk through of the entire casino and checked out the restaurants.  Eh, it's ok.  I don't like the exterior at all.  Too cold (white with the red logos).  Not really my style, and I don't like the layout much.  Aside from the flat screen TVs showing the latest "Extra" star report, there wasn't much that was very Planet Hollywoody about this place.  Seen it, don't need to go back.  Stayed when it was Aladdin.  Liked that theme better.
5	for my 21st birthday i wanted to completely splurge. i booked a panorama suite and it was just plain r-i-d-i-c-u-l-o-u-s. i was literally speechless once i opened the door to the suite and saw the view... the pool at Paris at one section of the suite and through the other was the Bellagio fountains and the las vegas strip (jaw drops). rates for this room weren't bad either, especially since i booked a couple months in advanced.the front desk hooked it up with a couple free drinks and some free slot play. decor and overall ambiance of the lobby and casino is super hip and energetic.the mall had an h&m, uo, a metropark and a fat tuesdays (giggles in giddy excitement)pools were nice, and there was a huuuge space filled with rows of lounge chairs to take drunk naps in and listen to some chill music.prime location, right in the center of the strip, makes getting to places on foot so much easier.i had the time of my life in vegas and alot of that can be attributed to the wonderful accomodations provided by the planet hollywood hotel.
4	We are Starwood gold and always stay at SPG properties. Can't beat free. That said, I was pleasantly surprised after reading the reviews. Location is great, The room size was good esp the bathroom. We had a renovated room with view of Bellagio and the pools. It was the "Showgirls" room. Yikes. Decor is sort of Hotel W's tacky cousin, but it is Vegas. The only meal we ate at the Hotel was a room service B'fast. It was tasty, but expensive. Gambling was fine. There was a fun karaoke bar on the Casino Floor. The Hotel is attached to the Miracle Mile Shops. It is a one mile loop, so fun way to get some exercise. Good thing because they charge $35 at the hotel to use the gym.One warning. We noticed lots of "professional" gals in the hotel. The Cab driver told us that for some reason PH is the " preferred office" for many of them.
4	First of all, I like the location of this hotel.  And if you're going to park, by all means do Valet and pay the few bucks tip, because self-parking is a mile away.We got a strip suite and a regular suite, both facing the Fountain.  Nice view, but though the Strip Suite is supposed to be larger, which it was, it just felt smaller due to the floorplan.  It was rather rectangular and narrow, thus feeling more cramped to be in. The random Hollywood movie decorations are sort of tacky; we had a plastic gun and sweater in our room from Star Trek that wasn't very attractive but I had a pleasant stay.All in all, the location of this hotel is good, though it's right across the street from the current new apt construction.  Puts you in good location from the North and South ends of the strip.  And there's the Miracle Miles mall right next door.
4	We stayed at PH four nights and I would stay there again.  Avoid the people in red shirts that hound everyone that comes in or out of a door, entry way from the Miracle Mile Shops or down from the elevators!   Other than that, check in was a breeze and our room was very nice.  Bed was comfy, tv rocked, tub rocked.  I enjoyed the music pulsing through the casino at all times and loved being close to many other hotel/casinos on the Strip.
1	you know i really do like planet hollywood...but when we were gambling here there was a LACK of waitresses. we waited like 30 minutes for a waitress to come to our craps table to take our order and we waited ANOTHER 30 to get our drinks...............anyways once she finally did give us our drinks we asked for another round since we knew it was going to take another 30 for her to come by and see if we needed anything else...heres how the conversation went down:"can we get another round?""are you SERIOUS? i'll go ask but NO." (with MAJOR attitude)my friend was pissssed the whole night. she was a really ugly waitress too and probably in her late 30s/early 40s.. w/ saggy boobs. i really...dont know why she was hired there.
4	i got to stay here because a friend had some starwood points to use.  we got a slightly bigger room because he was a gold member so that was nice.  the room was pretty spacious.  the bathroom was nice.  but the room was dark.  there isnt enough lighting in there.  the toiletries are in square bottles which make them hard to squeeze.i like how the hotel is centrally located and conveniently attached to the magnificent mile shops.  with 2 ABC where you can buy drinks, alcohol, anything you need.  its a short walk to the bellagio.  and at the pool you can hear the fountain show.the pool.  two small ones.  and saturday and sunday half the pool is roped off for i dont know why.  between the two pools there is just a large space with a lot of chairs.  it would be nicer with more pools.  there are some comfy chairs but they get real hot because the cushions are purple.  the pool towels are a bit too small.  and depending on where you sit the new city walk or whatever the new construction is called can block the sun.
3	Formerly known as Aladdin, this is still a little charm left at Planet Hollywood. While its located a bit further down the strip toward the less active side, there is still a lot to do here. The mall within Planet Hollywood is great - and they even offer a PF Changs! (Mmmmm...did someone say Chinese Fusion food?!).The thing with Planet Hollywood is that they have lost their theme. Aladdin was good with keeping with the theme, and made it more like the other hotels on the strip - but Planet Hollywood - well, that's normal - it's not "vegas" (and i'm using 'vegas' as an adjective here).
4	Good location, okay mall downstairs with plenty of restaurants, modern interiors (casino and rooms).  Best part?  The huge bathroom, with two sinks, separate shower, separate toilet room and a deep tub.  And if you take advantage of one of their specials, the price is hard to beat.I have stayed here many times and have never had a bad experience.
4	Would stay here again (stayed here for 4 nights) since it is in prime center location, the lounges/bars opened late at night (at the Bellagio's places  closes at midnight on a weekday). Housekeeping seems to do a good job keeping the room clean & keeping your bed sheets nicely folded.  The bathroom size us big, since it not only has a shower, but a large tub.The mall is an affordable mall (especially the ABC store for you basic needs). However, one thing I noticed walking around the casino, there aren't as many waitresses here to serve you drinks....
4	Stayed here for my bro's 21st birthday, the rooms were well priced (though I'm kicking myself for not getting it even cheaper by reserving 2 weeks earlier). It's got that cool hipster LA vibe to it, and the fact that there was a mall downstairs was AWESOME. Enjoyed what Vegas offers: casinos, alcohol and clubs. Will come back and stay again.
5	This is my favorite place to stay in Vegas.  For all around value, vibe, opportunity, and proximity, this place has all the other places beat.  I love the energy here.  Fun and great things happen here.   I have stayed here several times during the past year and the year before and it continues to be a fantastic experience.Last Friday I went to the Justin Timberlake and Friends concert at the Planet Hollywood auditorium and it was fantastic.  It was a benefit for Shiner's hospital.  We got our tickets last minute from one of the travelocity concierge's working in the lobby for half what the women behind us paid.  It was an amazing show with about ten different high profile acts that came to help Justin raise money for the Shiners.  Leona Lewis, Boys to Men, the Johnas brothers, the under my umbrella-please don't stop the music pop diva from Barbados (I can't think of her name.. oh yes Rihanna), and even Lionel Richie showed up to do a few songs before Justin did a full concert.  It lasted from 9PM to 1AM.  The venue was perfect.  The lighting and acoustics were amazing and I only had to take the elevator downstairs from the North tower and walk through the circle bar to get to it!  I like the spa and fitness area here too.  It helps me sweat out the toxins and fight off the fat that comes from enjoying all the great restaurants that are near and part of the millennium mile complex.  The pool area is massive and fun.  The price is usually pretty good.  I usually stay in decent sized standard deluxe room here and it is fine.  This time I crashed a party down the hall in one of the hospitality suites.  It was fantastic.  Amazing views of the Paris Eiffel tower and the Bellaggio water show and of course free food and drink from my would-be hosts!  I would love to be able to stay in one of these suites one day.. maybe if I hit the jack pot during my next trip.I love you, Planet Hollywood!
1	Planet Hollywood is like a con man that runs at you, kicks you down and takes your money.  It starts at the parking lot, oo, did you miss that small sign that says "planet hollywood?" , then you trek through the Mile long mall where you walk and walk and walk..to check in.  After you check in there's a guy at the elevator, you think he's security, but he's not, guess what he's selling a time share, just tell greasy haired sales guy, that you're leaving Vegas at 8am in the morning and they'll leave you alone.  I'm in sales and they're just an embarrassment, I'd tell the guy he should pick up a copy of Glengarry Glenn Ross movie, but don't think he would take the hint.You get to the room, not bad until you realize..no coffee, water is $5 a bottle and you each get 1 towel, nothing more nothing less, I'm guessing if you asked for another one they'd charge you for it.  Slots are unforgiving, nothing exciting, if you're really into gambling then most people go to old town fremont area anyway, so I can't blame Planet Hollywood there.  Waitresses are few, if you ask for a drink you may get one, then wait 30 min for another one, best to go to other casinos that serve faster. Oh here's a warning for you, the V show?  Save your $, for $20 more you can see Cirque De Soleil (sic), the show area consists of a make shift room with chairs similar to those you'd find in a picnic, and a stage the size of my bathroom back home.   Big rip off, oh and they were trying to take pictures and charge you for them, first sign of a real scam.This is the first Casino I've seen where they really live up to the name, If you've ever been to Hollywood, it's a town full of beggars, not a pleasant or safe place at night and a prime spot for a mugg'n, so anyway I'd avoid this place, even Palace Station would be a better choice.
4	Looks very modern since I heard they remodeled recently. They were voted best buffet in 2008...and yeah it's definitely worth it. The selection of food is phenomenal...they even had freshly made cotton candy as a dessert. mmm cotton candy!!!!
4	I've stayed here two years ago when they first started construction on the new Planet Hollywood. They did a great job in giving the place a much needed face lift. Its now a hot and trendy spot where you can Gamble and get your drink on. Attached to the casino is the Miracle Mile shopping ball. I have to say that the ABC store in the mall is a life saver. Everything you need is sold especially bottled water to rehydrate yourself after a long night of drinking! We had a Jr. suite and was pretty big. It had a large 47 inch flat screen and a HUGE bathroom with a tub and shower along with his and hers sinks. The Vibe at ph is cool but there isn't much else to do there except to eat, drink, shop and gamble. The casino floor isn't very big but it has everything you want to see in a casino. Service was good and I would consider staying at PH again.
3	I stayed at the hotel for a week when I attended DMA08. I thought it was decent, but it was impossible to get to the hotel portion and you spent most of your time navigating through the mall to find anything.  The room was pretty cool, I got the Beverly Hillbillies room so the decor was cool and kitchy, but some of the lights didn't work and it took 17 hours for the water in the bathtub to get hot.  Maid service sucked... since I was working a trade show, my schedule fluctuated and there were days when I didn't leave until the afternoon.  I put my little card out to get the room cleaned and did they come?  No.  Then I'd get a message on the phone at 9pm wondering if I wanted service.  Seriously?  you couldn't do that earlier?Then there was the Internet.  Whether it was wireless or using the DSL line, their connection was awful so working from my room was pretty much not happening.  I know, I know, I'm in Vegas and should be out partying.  But, seriously if you're there for a week and it's 60 degrees outside you want to lay in bed catching up on episodes of Grey's Anatomy too.All in all,  it was just OK.  I give 2 stars to the hotel... the 3rd star is for the full length mirror in my room that made me look 10 lbs. lighter and the Goldfish penny slots that kept me occupied when the Internet was down.
4	Pretty much what you expect from the nicer resorts in Vegas.  Very good service, clean room (full of Charlie Sheen pictures from Hot Shots: Part Deux!!!), but yeah we pretty much just slept in the room, and spent our time at the Repo! The Genetic Opera premiere events.  All of the gaming tables had Repo! posters on them, and they were playing the trailer on a loop on every screen in the theater, and the whole hotel had Repo! room keys which was super cool!Nicely designed hallways, very modern, very LA, an overall decent place. I''m not the biggest fan of Sin City so I don't come here often (I like holding onto what little money I have, thank you very much!), but I imagine that if I do return, I'd be fine with staying here.
1	I'm told I posted this in the wrong area so this is a reprint..Planet Hollywood is like a con man that runs at you, kicks you down and takes your money.  It starts at the parking lot, oo, did you miss that small sign that says "planet hollywood?" , then you trek through the Mile long mall where you walk and walk and walk..to check in.  After you check in there's a guy at the elevator, you think he's security, but he's not, guess what he's selling a time share, just tell greasy haired sales guy, that you're leaving Vegas at 8am in the morning and they'll leave you alone.  I'm in sales and they're just an embarrassment, I'd tell the guy he should pick up a copy of Glengarry Glenn Ross movie, but don't think he would take the hint.You get to the room, not bad until you realize..no coffee, water is $5 a bottle and you each get 1 towel, nothing more nothing less, I'm guessing if you asked for another one they'd charge you for it.  Slots are unforgiving, nothing exciting, if you're really into gambling then most people go to old town fremont area anyway, so I can't blame Planet Hollywood there.  Waitresses are few, if you ask for a drink you may get one, then wait 30 min for another one, best to go to other casinos that serve faster.Oh here's a warning for you, the V show?  Save your $, for $20 more you can see Cirque De Soleil (sic), the show area consists of a make shift room with chairs similar to those you'd find in a picnic, and a stage the size of my bathroom back home.   Big rip off, oh and they were trying to take pictures and charge you for them, first sign of a real scam.This is the first Casino I've seen where they really live up to the name, If you've ever been to Hollywood, it's a town full of beggars, not a pleasant or safe place at night and a prime spot for a mugg'n, so anyway I'd avoid this place, even Palace Station would be a better choice.
2	First let me say that I didn't pay cash for my room (i used SPG points) and it i had i would have been very upset. The hotel has been redone, but more in the sense of they put a new carpet in and halfheartedly painted the rooms. They are large enough, but if you look close you can see over-spray and grime where they kept the old bath fixtures. No one helped us with our bags when we arrived, there is no mini bar in the room, our maid didn't take out the garbage, didn't put away the ironing board, and didn't straighten anything up. All she did was make the bed and put two new towels in. Very basic. Don't get me wrong, this place isn't gross like Balley's or anything, but there are much better values for your money. I would have to say the highlight was Prive, we had a great VIP Host and had a really good time at the club.
1	Nice hotel for young people bad experience, dealers were rude made sexual comments about my wife, the operator when i called wouldnt look up my reservation, the food at koi was a joke, Worst Hotel I have stayed in and I go to vegas a lot, dont waste your money
4	Life is great when you are an SPG Platinum Member.  I was automatically upgrated to a suite facing the pool and strip.  My stay was quite comfortable as usual.  the hotel amenities were great.  Even better was the fact that inside this hotel, there was a shopping mall with hundreds of stores and restaurants.  The restaurants in the hotel were all very good.  They also have one of the best Sports books in town.  I really enjoyed my stay  in Las Vegas this time.
4	The annoying thing about yelp is that you can't give half a star on reviews so I just wind up rounding up. Anyway, I was first arrived I was walking around the casino and the decor looked very familiar. Then it was pointed out that this was where Aladdin Hotel used to be. Now the dejuvu feeling make sense. Anyway, the regular rooms seem spacious and big. Each has a movie theme to it with propr from the movie hanging on the wall and stuff. The bathroom was spacious too. I don't thnk I'd pay this much for a room though because the service wasn't that spectacular. There are other hotels in the strip a little bit better than this one. They do have a nice selection of restaurants from within the hotel itself, but they are a bit pricey.
2	There are a whole lot of people who seemed to be impressed, but I'm not sure why.  The building itself was nice, and I can't say that I experienced the rooms, but the rest of the place was just... blech.One one side (admittedly, the back side, and most of us don't look our best from the back), it's a wasteland.  They appear to be building condos, like everyone else in Las Vegas.  On another side, they have what appears to be an attempt to recreate some nondescript 20s or 30s town, complete with run-down businesses.  Just don't go there after dark.  Or before dark (and people say I live on the seedy side of town).On the third side, you have the Miracle Mile shops, which is like every other mall on the strip, except it's, well, it's another mall.  And the final side opens to the strip.  Blah, blah, blah.The casino is really pathetic, but then just about every casino in Vegas these days is lacking something since they took away the sounds.  Planet Hollywood is just more so, because it's this big, nasty, empty, cavern that seems to call out to the soulless minions looking for... something.  We couldn't get through fast enough.  We had to do it a few times because that's where our shuttle bus stopped.
4	If you join their player's club, you'll get one of the best fun books offered anywhere on the strip.  Lots of 2 for 1 drink specials at the bars, and $$$ off their buffet.  I liked the feel and vibe of the casino, but it wasn't very crowded.  Dealers were friendly and smiling.  Cocktail service was great at the tables, iffy at the slots.The Spice Market Buffet for breakfast was spectacular (only complaint was the eggs benedict, which was cold and awful).  The Belgian waffles are awesome.  Wait staff was great too.  Never had to wait for a refill of any kind or to clear dirty plates from the table.There are several really good restaurants inside the Miracle Mile Shops as well, including the Italian one (can't remember the name).Trader Vic's is at the entrance of the mall.  I don't know if Planet Hollywood has any control over Trader Vic's or not, but two of the staff there were rude, unhelpful, and uninterested in an issue we brought to their attention.
3	My DH and I spent last weekend in Vegas and stayed at the PH. We booked a flight/hotel deal so it was really affordable which was good. I wouldn't have wanted to pay much more for the hotel than we did. We checked in on Wednesday night about 8:30 pm, which should have meant that it was pretty dead. We were accurate in the fact that the strip was pretty dead, since the were all standing in the check in line at PH. It took a while to get checked in which was frustrating...only had a few people working the registration desk. We finally got up to the room (16th floor) which ended up being pretty decent. The bathroom was really large and the room was pretty good size as well. The bad thing is there wasn't much lighting at all so it was really dim! We could hardly see! You could see the remnants of the Aladdin hotel fixtures LOL! The casino was floor was okay, a bit confusing though. I was constantly lost trying to find how to get out. The attached mall was great! Lots of good shops and good places to eat!. Overall a decent hotel, but wasn't "wowed" by it!
3	I'm torn with this place.  The room itself deserves a 2 star but the casino deserves a 4star! sooo i had to compromise the two and give it a  3!!  The hotel is beautiful inside.  I truly like the decorations etcetc.  The rooms though are disgusting.  It has the remains of the old aladdin and it isnt pretty or nice at all.  Plus the bathrooms were horrible...so many of us girls were trying to brush our teeth at once so some of us used the bathtub!! too bad the drain didnt go down..sooo ew.  The sink spurted out in diff directions and pressure was so low it was crappy.  HOWEVER i LOVE the casino!! I thought it was soo pretty and okay i may b bias but they have the wheel of fortune!!!!!!!!!!!!! the round one not the regular looking slots. MY FAVORITE!! sooo  I was there for the remainder of our non clubbing nite =).  Prettty hotel...nasty rooms...booo!!
4	I love this hotel/casino! I've stayed here twice and--with the exception of the Westgate people trying to flag you down anywhere and everywhere, which is the reason for the 4 stars--I've had no complaints! The rooms are cool, the casino's awesome (even though I lost), the mall is huge, there are lots of restaurants to choose from...etc.I agree with the review who suggested using a AAA discount if possible. I got a $139/night room for $68/night this WEEKEND (12/12 & 12/13)!
5	dear beautiful scantily-clad blackjack dealer: i only wish i had more money to spend on you.
5	i mean honestly, this is one of my favorite "affordable but nice" hotels in vegas. the crowd aint ghetto like excalibur or imperial palace (where you are packing like 8 ppl to a room) but not as bougie as bellagio or venetian. everything is in this one hotel so you really dont have to leave (restaurants, shopping, shows, clubs). great hotel for the lazy peeps like me.
4	my very reasonable room included the following items:1. A fake eames task chair2. a modern soaking tub in the loo area.3. real movie stuff!  (Seriously, there was all this sweet ass stuff from Jurassic Park!  There was the 10,000 volts sign that you see right before the fat guy from Seinfeld gets spit on and fucks up everything else for those little kids and stuff)4. View of the bellagio fountain thing.5. The terms "hip" and "hollywood" in the title.  The Casino and its surroundings included:1. A bunch of mall stores that allow you to drink 151 while browsing.  151!2. rocky. penny. slots.  3. strippers on poles...at about 8pm...right where people gamble money.  I applaud that move.  Well played, casino-making people who know more about that casino-y stuff than I do. Seriously!  That 10,000 volts sign!  I was all crazy boyish.  Goddamn Nedry! Them hungry raptors totally tried to eat those kids.  Good movie, that Jurassic Park.
4	i haven't stayed in their rooms since they remodeled, but when it was aladdin, the suite was nice. really spacious too.so i was playing some pai gow the other day and i like this game b.c your money is pretty steady. when you win, you win big in this game. so i left the table about 10 bucks up with no lucky hand, at least i wasn't down.then stupid drunk ass me goes over to the roulette table and puts it all on red. always always bet on black!!! sheesh! at least christmas wasn't a total bust, lakers kicked some celtic ass!!!!!!!
4	Excellent upgrade from the old Aladdin. The rooms are pretty standard. I like the hollywood decor. We had the Bruce Willis room... had some items from his TV show. Can't remember the name right now. Anyway, the bathroom was upgraded and spacious as well since the toilet, tub and shower will all separate. I guess all the hotels on the strip are doing the same but it just seems PH did it right! The casino is not that big but I like it because you can easily find a good game and your friend(s) if you get separated. The Miracle Mile mall is also a plus with Urban Outfitters, Ben Sherman, The V Show, GAP, and several cookie, coffee, and drink spots.  Its not filled with the Dior's, Tiffany's, Gucci, etc like Caesar's and Bellagio so anyone can shop it.  The buffet is okay. They tried to emulate RIO with all the different food stations (asian, mexican etc). KOI was booked so we didn't get a chance to try it. The 24 hour diner gets a thumbs up for serving one of my all time favorites... CHICKEN AND WAFFLES! The Sports Book is TOO SMALL! They did serve Pinks hot dogs on Sunday however its hard to enjoy when you can't sit and watch the game.  If the Buffet wasn't average at best and the Sports Book was a little bigger, PH would quite possibly get a 5 from me.We go to Vegas at least 4 times a year and we've stayed at almost every hotel on the strip and downtown. Planet Hollywood will be on our rotation in the future.
5	I love this hotel.  I didn't stay here personally, but my friend got upgraded to a panoramic suite, and it was A-MAZING!!  Two rooms, two bathrooms, game tables, couches, chairs, flat screen tvs, a bar, a breakfast area, an ipod stereo dock....I could go on and on.  So cool and chic.Also, the entrance from valet is so very convenient.  You step inside and immediately hit registration.  The room elevators are also right there.  There's no walking around with all your luggage and back and forth to your car through the casino or any of that bs.  Love it.
4	Planet Hollywood is right on the strip, right in the middle of the action, and across the street from the Bellagio fountains. We could see the fountain from our room actually! It used to be the Aladdin and is still in transition, so expect long lines and basically no customer service (I called the front desk and housekeeping three times and no one would ever answer.) A lot of the decor is still from the Aladdin, not sure why they haven't done a major overhaul to theme the place out. They have updated the bedspreads (no more fugly prints) and put in a wall unit with a flatscreen in each room.However, we got a great rate on a weeknight ($70/night) and the hotel was clean, just not "Hollywood cool" or themed well like some of the other hotels on the strip. It was definitely the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in for the price we paid, which was a lot less than the high glamour hotels which surround you here. It's also connected to the Miracle Mile shops, has a large casino with a starbucks and lots of eating places right off of it.Beware: you will get hit up for time shares for the new Hollywood towers that are being built. Free tickets to a show in exchange for a timeshare presentation--guess it depends on how much you value your time.I would recommend if you just want a place to crash and want a clean, comfortable, quiet room and want to be within walking distance of everything on the strip. If you are looking for a high-service resort experience, look elsewhere. booya.
4	I've stayed here while it was the Aladdin and Planet Hollywood. Both were great times. I loved the new Planet Hollywood rooms. The ipod dock was cool as was the flat screen tv. The casino was good, I won most of my money here during my trip. The Miracle Mile was sweet to have in a hotel.
3	The old Aladdin revamped! We stayed in the Resort Suite w/ a Jack Nicholson theme. Large enough to room 5 girls - great view of the Bellagio fountains right below, HUGE bathroom, clean, and friendly front desk staff! Conveniently connected to the miracle mile shops. I usually stay at the Venetian but this place is great for those on a budget -. inexpensive room rates if you're a player/AAA member.
4	Planet Hollywood is a semi-new casino resort on the strip. The location used to be The Aladdin. After renovation, Planet Hollywood Casino and Resort was opened in April 2007. This place reminded me of Virgin Megastore for some reason. Maybe it was the giant billboards or the blasting streaming pop music videos playing on the wall.The first thing I noticed about Planet Hollywood is how different their dealers look. They only have female dealers. Not just any female dealers, but young and smoking hot female dealers. They wear fiery red bustier, little black brief, fishnet stocking and knee high boots. I played on the blackjack table (my first time playing on a table!). Seriously, I didn't exactly know where to look. When our dealer leaned forward to pass out the cards, I don't know how many people on the table were actually looking at their cards. And the dealers are quite flirtatious too. This is definitely a casino for men!After our buffet brunch, we saw a "red carpet". We asked a guy what is the line for. (At first we thought these people were waiting in line for something.) He said some celebrity is coming, but he doesn't know who. Who's coming who's coming? Quite an entourage of people he's with. The Rock! It was The Rock. I didn't get a clear picture of him though. He walked by too fast.
2	The valet does not help with luggage, check in is long, the rooms are dirty, and the staff is mediocre. The restaurants are good (not great) and the casino is nice except for getting solicited every time to see a Planet Hollywood Timeshare (no one wants to see their time shares),The saddest thing is the Planet Hollywood Restaurant is not here but at Ceasers??? What is up with this.
4	Planet Hollywood's location on the Strip is its chief draw - it's practically in the middle of everything.To me, their name doesn't exactly evoke glamour, so I'm left thinking of the periodic table or Punnett squares, inexplicably - maybe it's the "PH" plastered everywhere? Thankfully, the reality of Planet Hollywood is something else entirely: the casino is more modern, and less tacky, than its previous incarnation - remember the Aladdin? There's usually a good crowd on the casino floor, or at the many eateries and bars.Want to shop? Go to the attached mall. Really want to get shopping done? The Forum Shops aren't far away. If you're not in a shopping mood, and would rather ogle pretty women, sit in the Pleasure Pit and get your money systematically stolen by their attractive card dealers, and watch the go-go dancers undulate, distracting even "serious" players who ought to be focusing on their gambling.Haven't stayed at their hotel yet, but I always enjoy a drink (or two) here when I'm in town.
1	On the basis of this being a hotel, hated it.  Rooms were small, dark, and slightly dank, not to mention not so clean.  I suspect it might have had something to do with my room having an Andy Garcia in Jennifer 8 theme, but I thought to myself more than once that this felt like the "before" scene in an episode of CSI.  Was not too hard to imagine a crime scene here.  Probably didn't help that there were actual blood spatters on the wall by the bathtub.  No - really.  Hotel was deserted, and just felt creepy.  The only thing saving it was that it was cheap - which, frankly, I don't care about, but I am guessing my company did.  On my own dime, I'd never set foot in here again.  Cheap and well located.  Hmmm, kind of like the "talent" scoping the PH bars at night.  Not classy, not subtle, not refined, and, to the guys in my group, not even flattering to be asked.  Skanky, methed-out girls and overfed, drunk Midwestern tourists - now there's a scene for you.  Save your pennies and stay elsewhere.  I'm a THEhotel girl.  This settled it.  But frankly, just stay anywhere but here.
5	This place is perfect for the twentysomethings. Super nice rooms and well decorated lobbies. The 24 hour coffee shop is a fun place to connect with friends at 3 am. The buffet is complete and the staff is courteous. I don't want to stay anywhere else. Plus this place has the perfect location on the strip.
4	Best value on the Strip! Close to everything, smack in the middle! My husband and I got married in the chapel there. Great chapel, really helpful wedding assistant, but the wedding manager was kind of a butt (I don't know if she still works there) - another story for another time. The lobby is really fun. There are huge Swarovski chandeliers hanging on both sides of the escalators leading to the casino. And there is a scent in the lobby that is amazing! Everyone that works there denies that they're pumping a scent into the air, but they are, and it always makes me so relaxed. Check-in can be hectic and loud if you get there at regular check-in time - I recommend getting there early or really late to avoid waiting in line for 30+ minutes.  On our 2nd stay there, we had booked a regular room, lowest rate, and when we got to check in the clerk said that they didn't have any more of those rooms and we would need to purchase an upgrade in order to get a non-smoking king room. We asked if there was nothing else available and the clerk did some more clicking on her keyboard and came up with a non-smoking king room with a shower only.  We stay there for the huge soaking tub, so we decided to go ahead and purchase the upgrade so that we could get the room we wanted. Supposedly we got the LAST non-smoking king room. They gave us a room right by the elevator and we didn't sleep a wink all night. The next morning my husband called down to the front desk and asked if they had anything else available - they did, and thankfully they were able to switch us.....to a non-smoking king room down the hall from our elevator room....this was at 8am so they had this room open all night. I was happy to be moving but unhappy that they didn't give us that room in the first place since it was open. My husband and I have stayed in a regular updated room, a strip view suite that had not been updated (huge bathtub, but it was right above the pool level so people at the pool bar could see us...they waved back when we waved to see if they could see in our windows. plus, we couldn't see the strip at all), and a penthouse level suite (comped for our wedding since the suite we booked was not available due to renovations). All of the rooms are comfortable with lots of space, but the regular rooms only have wardrobes, no actual closets. Lots of food options, with Earl of Sandwich being the best value in the entire hotel! The buffet is really good! They have a mall connected to the hotel that has an ABC sundries shop if you need any medicine or toiletries. My husband and I got to watch an episode of CSI being taped there, and met all of the guest stars (it was the episode where they switched out their writers for the writers of two and a half men). There's always something going on there! Just make sure to watch out for the timeshare people dressed up as employees....they are brutal!
5	You get 5 stars because every time I put $100 on black, it was black at Planet Hollywood Casino, there was even one point I did it 4 times in a row at 4 different tables just to see if I was actually "lucky"It also doesn't hurt that I love Planet Hollywood in general and that this place is awesome!  It's probably my favorite Casino in Vegas, however, it's not my favorite hotel... Love this place.
3	I was able to stay here for a month and not go completely crazy. The hotel is clean and hip, the casino is small but new, and the restaurants are fresh and open late! The downside is that I stayed when the hotel was just changing over to PH from the Aladdin and half of the hotel was still the Aladdin (thankfully not the half that I was in) but from what I hear that you can tell that it needed work. The rooms are very comfortable, but the armoires don't have any drawers in some of the rooms and if they have drawers then they have 1. The TV s are all flat screens and the beds are comfy. The views are actually not bad, but since there's construction across the street you'll get a better view closer to the pool area or on the southside of the building. If you're staying at another hotel, stop by Planet Hollywood and try out the penny slots (Top Gun is the BEST!)Enjoy!
3	The hotel itself is pretty good. Rooms are clean and spacious. The bathroom is really big and has a huge deep soak tub. Beds are very comfortable. If you're a "dude" and want to check out hot and sexy table dealers, come here. They also have pole dancers in the Pleasure Pit in the casino. I agree with the previous comment about abou the layout being confusing. I'm very good with directions and it took me a couple of times to figure out where the elevators were. Now I knocked them down for two reasons. 1. It took FOREVER just to get to the lobby downstairs on the elevator the day I left. It was Sunday mid-morning and I guess everyone was checking out. So I ended up having to go up and come back down one floor at a time until I finally got to the lobby. The elevators were slow the whole time I was there. 2. On busy days, expect to wait 45 minutes to get your car back from valet. It's not worth it. Just self park and save yourself the hassle.
4	So it's a little strange for me to rate this venue, but I still need to share my two cents =). I didn't gamble here, or eat here much, or see any shows here, or go to their clubs. What I DID do was mooch off my friend whose parents got her a panoramic suite for her 21st birthday for a weekend and let her invite whomever she pleased to do whatever she wanted. As awesome as that would be at any hotel, the panoramic suite here was amazing, and is what earns PH the three stars I'm giving it. Our suite had a killer view of the Bellagio fountain show, la Tour Eiffel, and l'Arc de Triomphe...I couldn't stop gazing out the window at night. The suite was fully equipped with a nice mini-bar, central tub, two bedrooms, lots of TVs, swank bathrooms...great fun for a group of young'uns!In addition, guest services were very helpful with all our questions. We got plenty of keys to the room, there were some decent eateries in the vicinity, and the pool area was perfect for that sunny Vegas day. AND this place was super convenient. Most places you'd want to visit aren't more than a 15-20 minute walk away!Downsides to PH? Well, I can't really complain about the lack of cleaning, since I think we specifically avoided that since we had...a large group inside. The parking lot is extremely far from the hotel, so that made hauling our...goods a huge hassle. So, all in all, not much to really gripe about. It looks like this place is still expanding too, so I expect good things when I return to Vegas!
4	Let me start off by saying that I am giving it four stars in terms of service, price, and location. Service. Everyone was extremely helpful, knowledgeable and very nice. The front desk was extemely accommodating after the distaster that was the shuttle ride from the airport( see my review for grey line shuttle, then never use it!!!) I used a tip I found from www.frontdesktip.com check out the site even if you stay somewhere else.  It works. They gave us an upgrade to a larger room with a view on the 22nd floor. Room service was not overly expensive and very prompt. I called downstairs at 3a.m. for toothpaste and within 5 minutes I had a knock on the door from a bellman. Very fast response time. As I usually do in any hotel I asked for a later check out and was promptly granted a 1:00 time. We didnt actually leave the room until after 2 pm without a hassle. I signed the departure slip and dropped it along with my key in the box in the lobby. I feel that we could have stayed until 4pm or so before being told it was past check-out time. Price. I booked a two night package through lasvegas.com including airfare I payed $467 for two including taxes. Not a bad deal considering the location. It is situated right on the strip across from the Bellagio and next to Paris. In short, great location, very competitive prices, and a good experience made better by an attentive staff. Now if only I was so lucky on the blackjack tables. But that is a different story.
3	I stayed here with my girlfriend during V-day weekend. This hotel is just okay for me. To start off, the parking structure is extremely far away from the lobby, elevators, and casino. You literally have to walk most of Miracle Mile to get there. We had the option to valet, but since it was sucha busy weekend, valet took about 30 minutes to drop off and to pick up.The hotel staff were friendly. I got a free room upgrade to a renovated room with the Bellagio fountain view. The decor in the room was nice. Although, there was inadequate lighting. The only things that I liked about it was the decor and location since it's located in the center of the strip. I probably won't stay here again.
4	I didn't stay here but I came here to walk around and shop! Planet Hollywood would be a really good place to stay at because its kinda in the middle of the strip plus SHOPPING!!! They have sooooooo many stores inside! I love all the lights outside of this place and inside its just so fun! I think I can spend hours inside shopping..=)
3	First time I stayed here, it was still the Aladdin and was undergoing construction. Now it's the Planet Hollywood. You can still see random Aladdin things, like the sink fixtures and the "Spice Market" buffet. But it's kewl . . . on the strip, has lotsa places to eat, casino, and a club. Funny part is our room was "Hollywood Hipster" themed and our room had NELL! You know, that movie with Jodie Foster and the secret creepy language? We had a display of a broom and a little shovel from the film. Weeeeeiiiiirrrrd.Aside from that the hotel was really nice, beds really comfy, and we got a cheap deal . . . with the economy all shot and everything. I would suggest checking them out next time you go to Vegas. xxx C
4	our stay here was good, no problems, service was great and the casino is awsome, i love the plasma TV but they need to get all channels in HD though.
5	One of my favorite casinos to chill at on the strip!  I should give them 1 star for all the $$$ they've borrowed through the years and haven't paid back!!  That's ok, I'll be back to collect - with interest!!  It's a hip, rockin', contemporary style setup - neon colored lights and the bright, hot pink will keep you up and playing even when enoughs, enough!  Can't leave sin city without stopping by!  And the mall is cool too to window shop when you're broke!  Shops are cool along with the yummy restaurants!  I remember when this place used to be Aladdin!
4	they did a great job converting the Aladdin hotel in the PH, it is so much nicer inside and out. nice place to hang out on the strip.
3	The mall is too dark and difficult to exit
4	I stayed at the hotel for the weekend.I THINK THIS PLACE IS GREAT.   I stay at a lot of hotel so have some reference.I read reviews on yelp and was a little skeptical.  1) Great location (right in heart)2) very clean & modern rooms3) good price.  we paid $106 night.  Go directly to website.  You can sign up for "AAA" rate.  They did not ask for the card.4)  Great shops.  high ends stuff...with good coffee & choices.Overall, I was super impressed.
4	Being a Starwood preferred member, my gf and I stay at this hotel often.The valet entrance is in the back of the hotel, which is a bit confusing at first, but eventually will get used to later. The staffs are friendly like most other 4+ stars hotels. The rooms are clean and the beds are comfortable. Overall the hotel decorations offer a modern and simplicity feeling.If you end up with rooms adjesent to the Bellagio fountain, you can enjoy the breath taking water show at every hour along with a good Vegas strip view. Housekeepers cleans the room daily, but they do sometimes knock on the door even if you have "do not disturb" sign up.Miracle mile shops are located downstairs, which make a guy's life simpler when the GF wants to shop or need to pick up something. Once the City Center is built and open for business, I assume the hotel will be at Las Vegas's Prime location...until the Echelon takes it's glory.Overall a nice place to stay if you get a good promotional price or a good bid on priceline and hotwire.
4	This is one of our favorite hotels to stay at in Vegas.  We've stayed here about 4 or 5 times and every experience has been a good one!  The nice things about staying at PH are 1) the trendy decor & good music, 2) the Forum shops are attached in case you want to kill a little time w/o having to drive anywhere, 3) its location on the strip (it's pretty much in the middle of everything) and 4) the gambling in the casino is affordable (i.e. you can actually play at these tables w/o dropping major bills).  It's always clean and the staff has always been friendly!
4	Dope rooms all around.Homeboy had the Panorama Suite on lock for the weekend for the bachelor party.  Phat Panasonic HD TVs, a pool table, leather couches, tables, 2 bedrooms, 2.5 bathrooms.  Sick view of the strip facing the Bellagio Fountain Pool.Even the room across that we had, The Hollywood Hip Room were dope.  We had the Wayne's World decor going down in our room. Casino is pretty nice too, especially The Pleasure Pit come night time, but for some reason, they take all my friends' money, so no one really likes to gamble here.  The pool is pretty nice too, but seems like there's way too much free space around here to walk around at their pool location on the 6th floor.  The mall is cool too, not as high end as the one at Cesar's Palace/Bellagio, but nice none-the-less.
4	We ate at Hawaiian Tropic Zone and could not resist walking thru this place.  THIS IS A NICE A$$ CASINO!!!!!  They are putting forth effort to appeal to the young and hip and it works!    IT'S SO PINK, GIRLY, AND SEXY!!! Everything about this casino is just hot.  The tables are nice.  OOOOHHH, THEY PLAYED BEYONCE!!!  THE MUSIC IS OFF THE CHAIN! **I'm getting excited just typing this**   They have mounted stripper poles in between the tables.  I don't think they are for general public use.  The chick up there was lame , I could've done better than her.  She danced like she ate a whole slab of Ribs, mashed potoatoes with extra gravy, cole slaw, a bag of chips, bread, AND 2 BEERS before she got up there.  Dancing like she had the world's worse case of ITIS!  But the concept is HOT!!!!  I took pictures AND THIS B!#@ STOLE MY DAMN CAMERA!  I GOT HUSTLED!  I'M STILLLLLLLL MAD!!!!!!  But, the light fixtures, the overall design of this casino is awe inspiring.  I really want to know what to rooms look like.  They have definately peaked my interest!  We didnt stay long because I was so mad about my camera but I will be going back.  GO HERE AND LOOK AROUND!!!  You will feel sexy!!  lol
4	I throughly enjoyed my stay here, granted i didn't spend too much time in my hotel room. Everything was clean and proper with nice flair, no complaints. I think its was a great deal, and I would book it again if I were coming with a large group.The casino is very trendy and colorful, and there's the "pleasure pit" for all you boob-aholics that don't mind a sub-par dealer, or stick to regular tables which have your typical strip mins. Only qualm was that I didn't get much drink service while I was playing.I love the location of PH. It's right across from the Bellagio and has the mircale mile shops connected at your doorstep. There's two large swimming pools, one with private cabanas, and plenty of hot bods. I had fun at the club, Prive, but only becuase I brought the party with me and I noticed it started to thin our by the end of the night. Hot people galore strutting their stuff on the floor, so if you're not staying here, at least check it out
3	The maids are awesome!  They clean up really well and the room itself is great which contains a safe, a large LCD television, nice queen beds, and comfortable sheets.  THERE IS NO FAN IN THE BATHROOMS!!!  What the heck?!  The shampoo, conditioner and lotions don't have a good smell at all and suck really.  The soap isn't pleasant either, but they do leave a little bottle of Axe body spray that you can use for the former reason.  The renovations are awesome but the pool is something out of a motel.  It doesn't evoke a social community experience like the other hotel pools in Vegas, you can't bring in your own booze (but I can't guess you can't to any other ones either) and it's not nearly as nice.  The setup is a little off and the bars are a walk from the pools. Placing our bets took a little while as they were greatly understaffed.  Their NCAA setup was great, but definitely still lacks a lot more planning.  I would stay here again, but I would have to check out all the other hotels and pools before hand.
4	I like what they did to remodel it to a PH themed hotel instead of Aladdin. Great central location. Liked the chandeliers. Liked how they had a manageable casino floor. Liked their good rates. I would've like it more had I not had a handicapped bathroom - the water gets everywhere. The resort rooms are larger than the Hollywood Hips with a better view.  I saw the Bellagio fountains and the Eiffel Tower from my room. The beds are sorta uncomfy and the sheets go everywhere. The pool is on the 6th floor and there are two pools. Order the Miami Vice outside, it's $9 and is a mixture of pina colada and strawberry daiquiri! Delicious!
2	not impressive. rooms were not totally clean, hair on the shampoo bottles. stains on the chair and bedspread, yuk. towels were tattered and room decor was corny. we had an indiana jones theme room with a fossilized snake in a lighted table--looked like a long piece of poo. shower did not drain and there was no fan in the bathroom.my cousin noticed her diamond necklace was missing, but doesn't know if it was taken by her airline or the hotel cleaning staff. yikes. anyone have a similar experience?
5	Panorama suites definitely took my breath away! It was so nice to watch the Bellagio water dancing right by the bedside, open the window and ta-da.. you could hear the music play! The suite is good for a small group, had a mini bar.. and 3 tv's!! Also, a tub, 2 toilets, and a bidet! Only weird thing was that there was no ventilation in the bathroom. (I would knock down 1 star for that, but to think of it, it aint their fault if you stink! haha.. the soap and shampoo/conditionar smelled cheap, but I always bring my own anyway). The air conditioning was perfecto..Ooh, and as I was walking I peeped through a room while a maid was cleaning, and I saw a pool table in one of the rooms!! Say what?! how cool is that?Also, I love how the miracle mile shops are just downstairs of the hotel! Very convenient!!Oh and plus a * because I won some moolah at this ca$ino! =D
3	I have mixed feelings about the purple towels......They weren't all the same shade of purple.  This hotel has a great location and comfy beds.  There's oddly placed tv's in the elevators.  Decent pools, and ample room to layout without actually being near the pool.If you can get a good deal on a room, it's got a good location.  The basic rooms are smaller than some other properties on the strip. Also, it was hard to find room to set up the iron without plugging it in inside the bathroom - lack of accessible electric outlets.
4	Thank God there is a starwood hotel on the strip besides the westin.  I enjoyed my stay at this hotel - very cool boutique vibe on the casino floor.  Location is prime on the strip and has the mall right in the hotel - i'm not the biggest gambler so I love this!  If you have been to the Alladin -this is a complete change - pool is not the best - but resaurants, bars, shopping, location and starwood points definitely makes this a worthy destination in vegas!
1	My rating really borders more than 1 star, but not really equaling 2.I've been to the Planet Hollywood on numerous occasions for work.  I didn't really have a choice in hotel as we were obligated to stay here.  If I had my choice, I definitely would not have returned after the first couple of times (I like to give my places a chance).In general, the price does not equal the amenities.  Everyone knows that the PH used to be the Aladdin hotel by now, but that was eons ago...and their purple towels prove it.  Not only did it NOT go with the decor, but the towels are so far faded...it really grosses me out.The views suck, from a majority of the hotel rooms and the heat/air conditioner has a mind of its own.  The complimentary shampoo, conditioner, etc. are not worth the freeness, so bring your own stuff.The 24 hour cafe is quite mediocre and in terms of food, the only other saving grace is that there is a Starbucks on the casino floor as well as easy access to the Millennium restaurants and shops.Aside from that, I stand by my ground that the price of the hotel does not match what it has to offer anyone who stays there.
3	When the rates are resonable definitely worth a look.  The place has recently been remodeled and everything in my room seemed new. Had an LCD TV (not that I watched much TV, but still nice). Right on the strip, free parking.
4	For a $49/night, it's a great deal.  We got a huge room facing the strip across from Bellagio!  Check in was fast, complimentary valet parking since their garage is quite far away.  I think they're trying to build a closer garage.  After all the enhancements are done, PH will be a great place to stay regularly.
3	Planet Hollywood is a decent place to stay if you're just looking for a decent room to sleep in. Some of the Aladdin-ness still shines through, but not much. In fact, for a place that bills itself as, well, Hollywood in Vegas, I was kinda surprised by how not-that-tacky the place was. The room we got as part of a package was on the smallish side, except for the bathroom, which was oddly enormous. Beds were comfy enough but the sheets a bit scratchy. One thing I didn't care for was the always-on A/C. My day three my San Francisco nose was practically bleeding from being so dried out.As for the rest of the hotel, I did like how the place seems to cater to a 20-30-something crowd. Not a lot of screaming rugrats around. Also, the casino has very high ceilings, which helps to dissipate so much of the smoke you still have to tolerate.I'd probably stay there again because I liked the location and overall place... but I think it'd opt for a larger room.
2	Meh.  It took forever for us to get our drinks here while we gambled, and dammit, I'm rating casinos on how fast I get my drank.  It was overly crowded considering this "recession" we're in so, I'm wondering what the draw is.  The mile shops were cool tho, so I'd give those a higher rating.  If you have a chance hit those up.  Gotta love being able to drink and shop in vegas.  This needs to happen elsewhere :)
3	the rest of our group stayed at the bellagio, which was one room short - therefor my buddy and i found ourselves across the street at ph.beyond being made fun of the whole weekend, i actually liked ph. the casino was refreshing modern and 'hip,' and the room was really nice.the casino floor bathrooms were also super clean - and when you go on a 3 day binge of tequila shots and buffets...this is important.the one major downfall was the pool. im no high roller but comparing the ph pool to the bellagio pool isn't even fair. i think my childhood neighbor had a cooler pool - and possibly better looking people hanging out around it.would be fine staying here again - if i had to.
3	I'll keep it shortThe PLUSES:Cheapest room-decent, big, not too shabbyHas a shopping centerExpedia gives $25 buffet credit - pretty good buffet at that rate (lots of variety)Complimentary valetMiddle of the stripCrowds are my age (25+)The NEGATIVES:No minibarNo Keno area (for my grandpa)Small gambling area (no more than 10-15 blackjack tables)Still old Alladin mallComps from gambling don't benefit the shows in the mall (i.e. V Show-variety show) because it's a different affliateI'll come here again for sure.. but just wish they didn't have so many negative things about it...
4	It's  so good
4	The room is very comfy and the hotel service is great.  Very pretty and the shopping mall inside is awesome.  The location is good too since it's next to Paris and Bellagio.  Price is great.  Highly recommended :)
3	Great, central location. The view from our room was fantastic - overlooking Bellagio fountains. Room decor was ok, bed comfortable, bathroom very spacious. The price was very good too. The buffet place downstairs served really delicious food, but was way overpriced. I guess that's typical for a city where there aren't restaurants on every corner. Supply and demand... The on-site casino was pretty good. Our dealer was super pleasant and friendly; i wish i had remembered his name I'd put it out here for everyone to see... The front desk were not very friendly... They wouldn't help us with our boarding passes. Perhaps, being used to California hospitality i expect too much... The club, whatever the name was... oh, I remember, Prive, was very disappointing. We were on the guest list, yet had to wait in line for one whole hour, and then ended up paying the bouncer a pretty big sum to only get in and get totally disappointed. The lobby is a maze and it's not hard to get lost there... The housekeeping manager was very nice. I came back home and realized i had left a piece of clothing there. Called them, the housekeeping manager was a sweet lady who promptly returned my phone call after I had left a voicemail, and shipped my item back to me at a pretty reasonable price... Will probably go back if the price is still good.
4	Funny thing, during my 21st in Vegas I stayed at this place when it was still the Aladdin.  They were still transitioning and adding onto it when I left and when I came about almost a year later it was Planet Hollywood.  One of the newest hotels on the strip.   Got a small about of blackjack done before entering into club Prive right on the casino floor.  Had one of the most memorable experiences on the Casino floor that night when I met two really cute Asian girls from LA here.  Later found out that night that they were part of a bachelorette party.  One of their friends was getting married apparently, anyways that was super fun to meet some hot girls and party with them all night.  And it all started on the floor of their Casino.:)  Good times!
4	Parking is far ( although another Yelper told me theres free valet =) +1  )and you have to walk through the mall with all your luggage. And well - check-in is horrible if you're travelling in a big group. There is no where to sit! It was kind of odd posting just in the empty space behind the line. The elevators to the rooms are camoflauged pretty well. Aesthetically nice, drunkenly not nice.The hallways are nice - the wallpaper modern and pretty. We stayed in the Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen room. Our room memorablilia was Michelle Tanner's overalls. It was nice - I loved that show.The double pool is nice, we were able to choose to sun where the bachelor/bachelorette parties were nursing hangovers, or where there were kids splashing about.It was a good location, lots of things to do - I met up with my friends and the kids that live in Vegas at the mall and grabbed a bite. and the heart bar was cool. I would stay here again with family.
3	I went to Planet Hollywood to watch Peep Show starring Mel B. and Kelly Monaco.  Um, it was ok.  Seriously, I was expecting Mel B. to sing some "Spice Girls" songs, but that sooo did not happen.  In fact, the show was a play filled with naughty nursery rhymes and sultry songs that had nothing to do with the Spice Girls or General Hospital at all.  I was a little disappointed, but hey, the drinks were not bad.  I had a "Little Red Razzle" which has vodka, chambord, sweet and sour, and soda water.  Oh and there was a hot scene with a guy in a bathtub and some aerial work, but I don't want to give it away, you gotta see it for yourself ladies;)
5	First time I got a room here, I fell in love. Our view was spectacular, overlooking the Strip. I love movies so the movie theme was definitely a plus. The rooms were sleek and furnished with a very classy touch. The price I paid to get a room was cheap for what I got. It's definitely a great place to stay if you're on a budget but don't wanna stay at that dingy douchehole Circus Circus or The Imperial Palace. And might I add that it's attached to the Miracle Mile Mall??? Fuckin' great if you wanna do some sweet shopping! I mean, I'm sure you can find the same crap at home, but hey, you're in Vegas, live a little! You got True Religion, Betsey Johnson, BEN SHERMAN, H&M, Urban Outfitters, Lucky Jeans, Volcom, etc. Definitely gotta love buyin' new clothes!
3	Well, I did not officially stay at Planet Hollywood but did alot of my late night gambling here. I was staying at a time share place right across the street. I loved passing by seeing the Pleasure Pit. There were some lovely ladies in there. I did not have much luck in this casino however. I pretty much just broke even (lost 10's and 20's here and there then won a hundred at Roulette). Walking through the mall was really fun too and getting the drinks at Fat Tuesday. I never did make it to the Hawaiian Tropic though.
5	I love there mall and thats my favorite part. I've been here everytime my sister has a cheer compition and I love the sky in the mall. And they have some cool shops that I never see anywhere. Best place to shop!
1	When I walked into the place, I just knew something was amiss, but couldn't put my finger on it.  Throughout my three day stay at a nearby casino I encountered this place a few times (mostly shopping).  So on my final day I decided to gamble here.  I signed up for the players card.  I went to the tables to use my match play coupon (and my money).  The dealer did not want to take my players card.  After getting a supervisor to reluctantly put my play onto their tracking I spoke with a manager who also did not seem to care that their staff was rude and refusing to do their job let alone customer service basics.  Overall, a cool looking place but this will definitely NOT be a destination of mine any time soon.
4	So Las Vegas - I am not a virgin let's just say.  I think I have stayed at most places on the strip with the exception of a few and Planet Hollywood was one of them.  So when we planned a little unemployment vacation (yes myself and three other family members are currently without full time employment!) I decided to book a room here.  I have to tell you I loved the vibe.  It was very fun, young and the music just made you bop your head wherever you were in the hotel!My family and I have a routine - which some will think is funny but oh well.  We rate places on a few criteria - 1. The pool, 2. How big the room and more importantly the bathroom is and 3. Can we do everything without leaving the hotel for the entire stay?  I would say Planet Hollywood gets 5 stars for this!  We all loved this place - the mall is an extra plus for the restaurants as we all know the casino restaurants are not cheap.Our room was very nice - clean and it slept all 6 of us!!  LOL.  The pool was fantastic and we even had a star sighting - Ashanti was lounging by the pool right next to us in the VIP section.  Pool waitresses were very friendly and kept the drinks coming.  I would say the only thing was the pool temp - it was a bit cool but with hot weather I am sure they figure we can deal!!Overall our stay was great - the staff was friendly and we had a blast.  I even hit a straight flush on three card poker!  Whooo hoooo!!!
5	WHAT A WAY TO COOL OFF!This 5 stars goes out to the pool at the Planet Hollywood!  We went to check it out and it's HUGE!  There is a big area with a DJ spinnin, cafeteria and right in the middle is a place full of chairs for you to sunbathed.  Along, the sides there are 2 pools that you can use!  So, when in Vegas do what the bikini clad people do and just WORK IT!  That's what I did!  Imagine me, a short round Asian guy sporting all his sexiness at the pool!
5	Planet Hollywood gets a 5 star rating for numerous reasons. And here is my Top 10 List on why PH is the coolest hotel around1) It's a Starwood Hotel - meaning I can use points to redeem a free room2) It's much more prettier than the Aladdin - it's pretty swanky3) The rooms are decked out with tv/movie pictures and memorabilia - ours was Days of our Lives (which was perfect since my best friend - the bachelorette loves that show)4) The room is clean, the beds are comfortable and the bathroom can fit 4 girls trying to get ready to hit hte club5) There is no limit on room service - meaning you can order it all day long. Our laziness got us room service not just once but three times in one day (and that means 3 different room service tables)6) The staff is nice if you have questions - the concierge helped us to try to find $10 steak & lobster7) You feel like a celebrity walking through here8) It has the Miracle Mile shops - if you like your shopping9) Free bottles of water in the room - thank you PH, no hangover or dehydration10) Reasonable priced rooms! Booyah!!Cheers!
3	I stayed here for work, not pleasure. An event held @ PH 05/18. I think the hotel is nice enough however they stick about 3 zillion TV's into every room...including the elevator! The peepshow videos were everywhere which annoyed me but what can you do...Will mention wonderful people watching area over-looking the Heart Bar. :)
3	Monday morning.Phone: *ring *ringArchie: *cough *cough Hello?Phone: Hello Mr Archie, this is Bank of America just checking to see if you have your card in possession.Archie: Ummm, yeah, why?Phone: We noticed some irregular card activity this past weekend and just want to be sure everything is ok.Archie: Oh, yeah, I was in Vegas.Phone: Ok, thanks for being a customer, just know that any $300 withdrawal followed by another $300 withdrawal 20 minutes later at 4:30am will get noticed.Archie: Thanks.Phone: *ring *ringArchie: Hello?Phone: Hello, this is American Express calling...Decent enough hotel with good prices.  The construction all around makes it difficult to get anywhere quickly.  Sin.
3	I've stayed at most of the nicer properties on the Las Vegas strip.  Averaging 3 trips a year to Sin City,  for the past 5 years, definitely makes me well versed in all things Vegas.  So when my friend decided to have his bachelor party in Vegas, I was stoked.  I'm always looking for an excuse to go... and when I found out we were going to be staying at Planet Hollywood... they didn't need to ask if I was going, just tell me when and I'm there.  Stayed from Wednesday to Sunday.  I know I know... that's an eternity for Vegas. Typically, two days and three nights is more then enough; any longer, and you'll be burnt out.  By Friday I was pretty much fried... mainly from all the drinking sunup to sundown.  Anyways, I'm getting off the topic.  Here are it's Good Points:** Planet Hollywood is a decent size casino by Vegas standards. Even though they have only two mini-baccarat  tables, a table minimum of $25 for a weekend was fairly priced.   If mini-bacc is not your game, all your usual table games are there for as low as $5 min.** After taking over the former Aladdin, they've really given this place a face lift .  I love the crystal chandelier from the lobby escalator.  Catered definitely to the younger crowd, this place exudes a lot of energy.  A good amount of traffic inside the casino.** Positioned centrally on the "Strip".  A definite plus, saves you on cab fare.** There's a mall... provides plenty of shopping and cheap food court eateries.  Trust me, after 5 days here... I needed it.Now here's the Bad:** The standard rooms are over 450 sgft (good size for Vegas).  Linens are nice but I'm not a big fan of purple (yuck!).  That's the theme color at this place.  Each room has an article of clothing from an actual movie that's encased and displayed.  Mine happen to be the dress from the Exorcist... not good, not good all.  Creeped me out.  We also booked a suite.  It had an air hockey table... big plus.  Problem was the low ceilings and again, the purple decor.  What made this a negative for me was the price (average daily rate: little over $200).  During that time-frame, I could've stayed on a nicer property like Palazzo or The Hotel @ Mandalay for the less.  Oh well, ultimately we all wanted to stay in the same Hotel.  All-in-all, the accommodations has more good points then bad, it's more of personal reasons for me... ** Their Pleasure Pit, a designated table game area with scantily clad girls dancing on stripper poles, is a uglier version of the Pussy Cat Doll lounge @ Caesars.  The girls are really not that ugly, just not as attractive compared to PCD lounge or Playboy Club.  If you're going to rip-off an idea... you gotta make it nicer.** Since they do have a night club (Prive) here, you get the drunks and obnoxious folks after 1:30 roaming the casino floor.** Don't have any fine dining restaurants, except for the Strip House.** Outside of the mall, there's no real attraction or landmark.  For example: Bellagio has the Fountains and the Conservatory, Mirage has the Volcano, Wynn has the light show, etc. ** Their comping system is very slow and lacking.  When someone plays a minimum of $100 a hand and average about $300.  One would think you can get things right away especially when times are hard and you're starving for big players.  Granted we're no whales, but when I ask for something simple as having my cigarettes comped.  It took the pit boss over 30 minutes later to approve.  Took the the cocktail waitress another 20 minutes to get it.  BAD, VERY VERY BAD!  Also the pit boss was rarely rating the players.  Played for 3 hours at the table, the dealer had to apologize after she saw our disgust.  I never have this problem at Bellagio or MGM, I get it w/in two minutes.  They definitely need to improve their customer service or they'll never have any committed gamblers.  All-in-all, it's a good property.  More then likely I won't ever stay here again, especially after dropping a couple of g's here w/o reaping anything.  Decided to spend the rest of my gambling money at Bellagio.  Planet is on par with properties that cater to young folks like the Palms and Hard Rock.  Modern and contemporary everything.  So if you want something centrally located with plenty of cheap eateries then Planet Hollywood is a safe bet.   Just don't gamble here.
5	The vibe here is ultra-sexy. Lots of pink and black. After 12 noon, the Pleasure Pit heats up with hot, sexy dealers in skimpy lingerie. At 8pm, it goes from hot to sizzling with the addition of sexy girls dancing on poles. I'm sure one benefit to the casino is its distraction to the men while they're gambling. (I was so proud of my fiance - he never took his eyes off the roulette wheel!) They filmed the movie "21" here, as well as that Cameron Diaz/Ashton Kutcher movie. Awesome casino - we will more than likely stay here next time.
5	I like staying at planet hollywood. The rooms are clean with cool decor.  They have purple towels, haha. Its not expensive.
4	I stay here often.... Business and pleasure. The rooms are nice, spacious, the bathrooms are extra roomy and I always get the upgrades as a Starwood frequent guest. If you get a suite or one of the junior suite they are very nice. The servers are always friendly and helpful. The food is OK but with Changs ans Yoles in house it takes the guessing out when it comes to good mid range cuisine and price. The strip house is great and the price go along with it. Dallies is good for breakfast and the buffet boast #1 in Vegas but not so much. Koi's is to much buck and not enough bang. It's good but over priced but that's Vegas right? The pleasure pit is cool in the casino area, the heart bar is always hoping some times with a live DJ. The pool area is kind a funky but it serves it's purpose. On the weekends it's hard to find a poolside spot unless you get in early. They have a live DJ from 11 to 11 Friday, Saturday not sure about Sunday.
4	I love this hotel. Very hip and I got to upgrade to a bigger room! Two bath sinks and there was a bath tub and shower.  The king bed I had was comfy and the big plasma tv was great!  The room also has a safe to store your valuable belongings. The only complaint I had was that you can hear the elevator doors opening and closing and the walls were thin.  The casino didn't have much table games to play, but it was always packed late night with people. Overall, I would totally stay here again. Good location, center of everything. :)
4	if u dont want to read the whole review: its a pretty hotel with great colors and decors. you would like it if u like to party,now for the review.the rooms were pretty coo but the hallways were dirty. u would think that in 3 days of being in vegas that at leaste 1 of the hundreds of housekeepers could pick up the cigarettes on the ground in the hall. i called to make a reservation on the phone and got a really good deal. i got a bottle of liquor each night (and no not those little pieces of shit bottles the real thing) but here is the catch..they dont give u chasers so u have to buys those on ur own. we were able to take the bottle around with us and had a great time. the bathroom was big and we could fit a few girls in there getting ready. the shower was a clear glass door so i got to see all my friends goodies (not that i havent seen them before) when you book the reservation they charge your card at time of reservations. the line at check in was stupid long at 4 pm on friday which i can understand just make sure that u already have a drink before you check in. i would stay there again but i think id want to try out a different hotel
3	I have been to Las Vegas 30 times in the last 8 years.  I have stayed up and down the strip but I usually end up  across the street at Bellagio.  A friend of mine had a good time at planet hollywood and I decided to contact a casino host and book a trip.  The positives:-By far the hottest girls on the strip and not just the patrons but also the dealers and waitresses.  On par with the palms and hard rock except its smack in the middle of the strip.  The talent is definitely here!-location, location, location.-The sportsbook is not grand and rather limited but the director and staff were great and extremely accomodating.  I would recommend this place to any horse player as they really know how to take care of us.  -Great vibe.  The place pumps the best music all day and the atmosphere  is vibrant and festive.  Okay, the no so good:-Restaurants are not good and striphouse is very bad.  Go across the street and eat at bellagio.  I dont know how you can screw up a buffet but they managed to as this is very bad.-Pool is terrible.  Its like swimming in jail if prison had a pool.  -Bathrooms.  Showers look like leftovers from alladin days.  Rooms are average.-layout-  I got lost every day.  Again, not their fault as they are doing the best they can from Alladin days.Bottom line?  If you want luxury and pampering with all of the finest amenities and creature comforts, go to wynn or bellagio.  This place isnt even in the same realm and it would be like comparing apples to oranges.  But if you really don't care about those things and you are looking for an upbeat atmosphere with lots of hot, young beautifful people, then this is a good place for you.
4	Stayed here for a whirlwind trip with my girls.  We arrived super early for Vegas- at 10 a.m., and the desk clerk was happy to check us in early.  We had requested a non-smoking room, they only had smoking available that early.  We decided to just take it as opposed to waiting for hours for another room, and were surprised at the fact that you could not even smell the smoke in the room.  Good cleaning job!!!The resort is nice...a bit chaotic from the outside due to all the construction going on around that block (I think there must be about 4 hotels immediately surrounding this place under construction), but it's still a nice place.The pool area is nice.  There were only a few cushioned chaize lounges spread out throughout the sun deck, they could use a few more of those, but I really enjoyed the DJ and "Shot Bar" right there in the middle of the deck.  Got some good sun!The ladies working the steak restaurant upstairs from the casino are kind of rude--we didn't have a reservation and got a snotty attitude from them when asked if we could be seated in the nearly empty restaurant anyway...didn't like the attitude, so we left.The buffett's waitress was super nice--liked her a lot.  However, the buffett itself (well, like most buffett's...) kind of left me feeling icky.  I'll never learn.All in all, a great place.  Will definetely be back!
4	I didn't stay here but we stayed at The Jockey Club across the street and didn't have a casino so this was where we went to gamble. Definitely enjoyed being there.. Also tried the spice market buffet here and that was pretty good, too. They also have fat tuesdays here so you can get those really tall drinks for pretty cheap.. yum! If you don't want to gamble they have shops and restaurants there, too. Definitely a cool place to chill and gamble.. I would want to try staying here in the future to see how the rooms/suites are.. that would be the deciding factor of if i should bump it up a star or not :)
4	My girlfriend booked the room with Priceline.com and named her own price. We were upgraded to a great suite because I told my girl to say "it's his birthday, is there anything you can do to make this weekend special?" It worked. The hotel's nice...and if you follow the two pieces of advice above, you can hey a great suite for cheap!
5	Planet Hollywood might be the best Hotel and Casino in all of vegas... it beats MGM, Bellagio... but not quite Caesar.  They have the gogo dancers, the sexy blackjack dealers, the hottest club Prive and more!! Oh and the Mall is pretty good too! Its a restaurant in there that does 3 for 1's....did yyou hear me correct...3 for 1s!!!!! i love vegas and im going back this weekend hitting up Prive in Planet Hollywood and the 3 for 1 place lol...if its still there....If you are from 21-35 this is a hot spot
3	My boyfriend and I came here after my boyfriend scored a GREAT deal off Orbitz for a 3-night stay AND airfare for only $230/person! Pros: GREAT location; right in the middle of the strip across from Bellagio. When we checked in, we gave the man $20 and got upgraded to a fountain view. If you stay here, they give you a coupon book that has some pretty good deals in there like $25 match play, $5 every person for the buffet, etc. If you're a penny saver, you'll appreciate the coupon book. The casino looks more hip than classy (which could be a pro or a con). They're right next to the miracle shops so it's convenient. They have some pretty yummy places like Earl of Sandwich and Yolos.Cons: The pool area isn't that impressive. The rooms aren't anything special. For a hotel that just opened almost two years ago, it looked a little worn down to me. The crap dealers are a little anal and not as fun as other casinos (or maybe it was just that night). The walls are super thin so I can hear the housekeepers cleaning the next room at 8AM. Overall, the hotel wasn't that bad but I don't think I'd stay here again. I'm glad we got a great deal because I don't know if I'd stay here for the regular price. But I do wanna come back and try their panoramic suite (featured in the movie 21) sometime.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with how nice the hotel rooms actually are!  For $129 per room, the rooms were pretty spacious with 2 big queen beds.  The bathrooms were large, with 2 large mirrors and 2 sinks which were very important for 4 girls sharing a room.  Everything was clean (at least it looked clean).  The hotel has the miracle mile shops so that you can shop without putting up your home for sale.  The only gripe i had about this hotel was when we called housekeeping to get some extra towels was that they didn't pick up the phone.  We called again and no one picked up the phone for about 10 minutes!  Well, we eventually got our towels and for $129 a night for a decent hotel, I'm not going to complain!
4	i was actually PLEASANTLY surprised by this  hotel! talk about FACELIFT!! this place used to be the aladdin back in the day, and everything from the rooms to the casino floor screams swanky and modern. there is a LOT going on. the 40/40 lounge, prive, cafes and miracle mile shops.its really  hip and modern and draws a pretty younger crowd which is a plus, their pool is poppin with lots of activity as well! their rooms are very clean and spacious. and OH EM GEE two mirrors in the bathrooms VERY important for girls getting ready! im definitely a new fan!
3	Solid 3 stars, one renovation away from 4 stars. This place is not a shithole at all but like others has been saying, you can still see traces of the former hotel that use to be here. But other then that I enjoyed my stay at the P.H, great location on the center strip. One quick elevator ride/quick walk to the miracle mile shops.Rooms were clean, nice bathroom with huge tub for two people ;) My only minor complaint is that the housekeeping people come really early in the morning, like 8am ready to clean up while I'm washing up my balls in the shower. I can't say too much about the casino since I don't gamble like that, but they have pretty much everything you'd wanna play and penny machines for the high rollers like myself. Overall I would stay here again but it would have to be for a great deal like I got in the first place.
4	Wowza!  We caught Peepshow and were pleasantly surprised by PH's remodel.  No signs anywhere of the old Aladdin and that's a good thing.  I fell in love with the beautiful chandeliers and really like the pleasure pit, hehe.  This place is now hip and modern and definitely interesting with their latest promotion, that includes all your drinks if you stay there.  Definitely will return to stay at the new PH Westgate.
3	The fancy bling-bling chandeliers make staying at Planet Hollywood seem glamorous!  The hotel and rooms are decent sized, and they gave me the David Spade room.  Okay, I get it, the hotel is Hollywood-themed.  But a David Spade room??  That is SO weird.  It was a red and black room with lots of black and white photos of him around.  It was really strange.  The chandeliers are flashy, but the Planet Hollywood is pretty much what you'd expect from any newer Vegas hotels.  The decor is on the trendier side and the Miracle Mile shops are right there, so it's a decent place to stay.
5	What a change from Aladdin!! Each room had a different memorabilia and our bathroom was HUGE for a regular room!!! That was bonus for us girls. Beds were comfy and it seemed pretty quiet at night. Not too many rowdy people and the casino has been completely re-decorated and is beautiful.
3	If you just want a place to stay on the strip, this is it. It's a great location but  don't expect more. When I stayed there, they were still converting it from Aladdin's to Planet Hollywood and I stayed in a room that wasn't renovated yet and still looked like Aladdin's  but I heard the new Planet Hollywood rooms are nice. The Buffet they have is okay but not something you want to spend your money on more than once.
1	FREAKIN DISGUSTING. I really hope people read this review before they think about reserving a room here. I got a room last minute through priceline.com for 89 dollars on july 4th saturday. I thought it was a steal because of the holiday weekend, but i couldn't have been so wrong. After checking in, our room's trash wasn't even taken out, our complimentary water was half drunk, we had no soap, used towels, and old/used shampoo and conditioner. WTH!?!?!? what kind of hotel leaves there rooms in this condition? i understand that its a holiday weekend and that they're busy, but this is basic housekeeping we're talking about. i never felt so disgusted while i was in the room. i do enjoy that they have a great shopping area and a decent, but small casino. also, their saving grace was earl of sandwich. great sandwich (the original: roast beef, cheddar, horseradish) after a long hard night of clubbing.
3	I give the casino/ bar area an ok review..due to us leaving Prive cause it sucked so bad. I actually liked one little bar I found with a lounge in the middle of the casino & the dj playing some good tunes while people were randomnly dancingAndrew the bartender was amazing he made the best rasberry cheesecake shots, hooked it up with a few daquiris, woo woos, & the mystery drink that was so good but had bacardi 151 I was gone thanks to him!!Also a plus when we were leaving to head back to the room ..Thriller came on which led me to moonwalk 20 feet while people were playing slots down the aisle & then a quick spin & crotch grab for good luck..oh friday in vegas was good towards the end of the night!
2	I lost a ton of money here, but that is gambling for you.  I am here to do a review of the basketball hall of fame. For $18.00 it is a big rip off and can go through it within an hour or so easily and that is if you take your time. It is an exhibit full of showing the history of college/pro basketball behind a huge curtain. You can do clips and memorable moments. They always tend to show the UCLA versus Princeton upset.  Then you can shoot as much as they want and some highlight videos. They have some huge cardboard cut outs as well.
4	The good:- Location location location. Near a lot of the hot casinos and a cheap cab ride for most others-  The buffet! Not too expensive and loads of good food!- Very clean rooms with flat screen TVs and the themes are fun too (We got Titanic)- Free valet if you stay though they are so overworked that you might get your car faster if you park it yourself- Shopping!!- Seeing the fountain show at the Bellagio from the windowThe not so good:- Longest check-in line ever. Wtf? They have like 3 people working on the weekends. Took forever and there is no where to sit down. Annoying- Pool area is huge with a nice view and the DJ is fun (if a bit too loud) but the pools are small and there are always a million kids running around screaming and splashing. I mean you have every right to bring your kid to Vegas (though why I have no idea) but I am trying to relax and I don't want to have your kids splashing me the whole time. Unpleasant. The lounge chairs are also pretty damn old and unless you get there early to nab one of the few comfortable ones, be prepared go hunting for a half-way decent one. Overall I enjoyed my stay here and although it wasn't perfect, the location really made up for any other annoyances. Perhaps they could throw in an "adults only" pool?
4	You know, I'm not too picky about staying in nice fancy shmancy hotels cause I figure, I just need a place to sleep and get ready. I found a really good deal here, buy one get the second night half off.So I came here for my birthday weekend and they bumped me up to a resort room from a standard without my asking. That gives it a star in itself. The bathroom in the room we stayed at was HELLA nasty and the shower was clogged. I. Was. Pissed. Let me tell you, the clogged shower flooded in our bathrooms and our straightner cords were plugged in. We called and told them to come in and hour and fix it, which they did. I later realized that our bathtub (my friend decided to take a "shower bath" because of our flooded bathroom) was also clogged. Enough with the rant. Also, my friend was drunk the night before and we were staying at The Jockey Club and I went over to the bartender to ask for some water, and he was really nice about it and told us they called for help. Which was very nice cause Craig (so cute, and he also got a star himself -- ha) helped my friend get to a cab.Overall, it was a mediocre hotel, good location, comfy beds and comforter, lots of mirrors for us girls to get ready (however not enough plug outlets), and hip decorations.
4	SBC VEGAS SERIES: 2 of many reviewsWhere else would I dare to cram 5 families worth of people in one room for one night?PH, that's where!Never been to this place as Planet Hollywood and I heard that it was the place to be. Considering that this used to be Aladdin this place isn't half bad... they got a club, they got people, they got energy, they got places to eat and dont forget the bars.... but to top that all off they got a spot called Pleasure Pit. Hell Yes! too bad I don't gamble but i will drink till all the stripper pole dancers leave the floor.. at this rate i might as well take up gambling.. at least drinks will be cheaper that way;DOtherwise the space was good, and the staff didn't complain too much when they found, what looks to have been a fully stocked bar in my bath tub. Yeah, I'll admit it... it was in my room. I know that's why you sent Mike Tyson to the casino floor lookin' for me. Too Late Suckas! Can't do nothing now PH!thanks for the bathtub thohahahaha
3	Good, Bad, and WTF from my three-night stay in mid-July. GOOD---------------------------------------------+Huge room outfitted with actor costumes from '97 Taratino film, 'Dusk Till Dawn'; large, high def TV; view of Paris' Eiffel Tower; huge tub and separate shower; two sinks.  +Casino:  Decent and active.+Central Strip Location.  Adjacent to Paris. Directly across from humongous City Center that's due to open this year (if it doesn't stall like other LAS developments up the strip.)+Well maintained property.BAD-------------------------------------------------Ridiculously long check-in line.  (Why do Vegas hotels, even fine ones, do this to their guests?  It is such a buzz-kill.  Folks trek here for special fantasy holidays and they're immediately confronted with a long line that painfully reminds them of how unimportant they are.)  -Amazingly little furniture in my huge guest room.  There's an entry alcove large enough for a dinner table for four.  Yet, there's not a scrap of furniture here--not even a much-needed luggage stand!  There's the huge bathroom with two vanities and sinks, facing 12' apart. But there's nada to fill the huge abyss, like an accent table.  --Pool Hours.  Dang thing doesn't open until 9AM. Huh? The only time its bearable to swim in LAS during summer is early in the morning.  Yeah, not at PH.--$5 resort fee.  Sure.  I asked.  It's for the bottle water, newspaper and local phone calls.  Right.  Does ANYONE make calls from their hotel phone anymore???     WTF----------------------------------------------_Poor housekeeping.  After I checked-in, I'm greeted outside my hotel room door with a bag of trash.  Weird, that has never happened to me before. Despite it being 2 in the afternoon and housekeepers walking all about, that bag sits there and soon it's  joined by a soiled room service table.  They stayed and stayed.  So that at 7PM I finally phoned housekeeping told them about the bag and headed out.  See, I figured that I did not need to also phone Room Service, as Housekeeping would see the dirty table  while picking-up the trash.  Nope. Returned at 10PM I was greeted by the dirty and now, smelly cart!  So, I then phoned Room Service.  In the morning, I was not greeted with the cart!
4	My husband and I stayed at the Planet Hollywood Hotel last week and we got a great deal ($65.00/night) for a hotel that is located right on the main strip.  We got a free upgrade to a suite which had a sitting area with a flat screen t.v. and another flat screen t.v. in front of the bed.  We got a view of the swimming pools and we were also able to view the fountain show from Bellagio hotel.  The bathroom was huge with a jacuzzi tub and also a shower and it had two separate sinks.  The only downside to the bathroom was that it was right in front of the bed and there is no door; so in the morning, the light would come in and it seems like you left the light on in the bathroom (there is a shade for the window in the bathroom but it really didn't do much to keep the light out).  The swimming pools are okay; there are two separate swimming pools and jacuzzi but the pools weren't really that big.  I didn't even go in because the water was cold.  But it was a nice location to just chill.The parking lot is a bit far from the lobby.  I wasn't too thrilled that I had to drag my suitcase with me halfway through the Miracle Mile Mall.  I like that there were a lot of places to eat there and I highly recommend Earl of Sandwich, they have delicious sandwiches, salads and wraps (it was about $6.00/sandwich which is a great deal especially in Las Vegas).The only complaint I have would be that the walls are thin, I think the people in the next door were having a party and it was very loud.  For both nights, I heard a lot of noise coming from the other room, I was very tempted to notify the hotel, but I didn't. I would definitely stay here again for the right price.
4	So I've never stayed at Ceaser's Palace. Never stayed at the Wynn. I've never stayed at the Bellagio. I don't know what a 5 star LV hotel experience is really suppose to look like... But I was extremely satisfied with my stay at Planet Hollywood and definitely, DEFINITELY plan on staying here from now on when i visit Las Vegas. When I arrived i didn't have to wait in a huge line for check in, my wait time was about 10 minutes. HOWEVER, I did see the line get long- and I'm sure some people had to wait at least an hour to get checked in... I'm assuming. During my stay i was lucky enough to get the 'Matt Damon' room(sarcasm) since he's such a stud(sarcasm). I was on the 20th floor and was facing the strip and the Bellagio Fountains. I believe i paid $69 a night- and the room comes with a free bottle of alcohol each night(sweet deal).The casino floor is a nice size filled with slots- with only a handful of table games. Most of it is Pai Gow something or other... only a few straight BlackJacks. The only table game I played at PH was Roulette. The dealers are all smoking hot.The Buffet here is so-so. I only had breakfast here, and wasn't super impressed... HOWEVER, if you use your coupon from your VIP book you save $5 i think... so it's a deal! The Pros: - The VIP book they give you has tons of great money savers for their in house businesses, including a $25 Match Play for any table game(which i used on roulette and won! They paid me $50 on my $25 1 to 1 bet!)-The location of PH is perfect. You are smack in the middle of the strip- never more than 1-2 hotels away from checking so many more things out. -The whole vibe of this hotel is fun. From the sexy casino floor girls with their boobs hanging out, to the modern decor of your hotel room filled with flat screen TVs and Hollywood memoriabila... this place is just about having a good time.Minor Nuisances:-The Ice Machine on my floor was broken, so every time I wanted to get my ice for my alcohol I had to go to another floor.-The shower clogs up quickly. You'll quickly find that you're standing in a pool after about 5 minutes.-The internet is NOT FREE, it's somewhere in the $13-$15 a day range... Internet should be free at any hotel nowadays. -There was no fridge in my room-After a long night of being up in Vegas, drinking and having fun, the room service decided to knock on my door at about 9:30 A.M. in the morning while i was asleep and woke me up.-On the last night that I stayed here, valet parking was full. I had to park in the self parking and walk the "Miracle Mile" to get to my room... The next morning when i left, i had to drag my luggage a freaking miracle mile.    While it may sound like the Cons outweigh the Pros- they were all really just minor nuisances and didn't affect my stay too bad(except the last one) I'm just reporting all the things that happened during my stay that you should know about when making YOUR decision. Besides, I'm telling you,  I had a BLAST staying at Planet Hollywood.
3	Not a bad make over.  room was average. the tv. was placed in a bad position compared to the bed.  had the movie memorabilia. casino was small and up to date, gambling sucked.  Mall was nice , not too high end but i nice place to walk around in if you've lost your money or want to catch a game on tv.. and drink.  i personally would probably not stay here again, much rather stay at the trump.
3	Good hotel, not great. Service was very good, however. Rooms and hallways seemed a tad bit shabby. Several outlets didn't work in the rooms, but oh well. Loved the cafes and although the Prive' nightclub wasn't open, several others, including Koi, were snazzy. Don't try to get into Koi without wearing a shirt, as tank tops aren't allowed. The layout from the casino to the elevators and to the rest of the mall was a bit confusing...maze-like if you ask me.Would I say there again. Sure. But I'd try to find a great deal on a room first.
4	Room: Very spacious.  Loved the double sinks in the bathroom so I had my own little area to primp.  The beds weren't super comfortable but they weren't awful either.  House keeping was a little sporadic so one day we came back from the pool after being gone about 6 hours to find our room hadn't been serviced, this was a slight annoyance.Pool: Get there early if you want to get a lounge chair.  If you're looking for a party atmosphere, the pool on the left seemed to be a little more lively than the other pool.  The music was good when the DJ was there but was otherwise awful.Casino:  Lots of slots to choose from, cocktail waitresses got your drinks pretty quick ~10 minutes, it got a little too smokey at times, and the tables were always packed so I never got a chance to play.
3	This hotel is just okay. Pros- Right in the middle of the strip          -In house restaurants are pretty good.           -Pool is niceCons- Our bathroom was kind of gross. Moldy tile grout, mold on ceiling, peeling wall paper. Also there was no tub in the room because we got stuck with a handicap accessible room. Normally this wouldn't be a problem, but the water leaked out of the shower stall everytime we had to shower so we had to ask for extra towels everyday.                         -The timeshares sales staff are ANNOYING! You pretty much can't walk through the casino without them pouncing on you. I don't know about you folks, but when I'm on vacation, I don't want to be bothered with sales pitches.
2	this place is just okay....their renovation from Aladdin to ph seems half assed. the place is definitely marketed/pushed onto the young. they have tons of stuff going for that crowd. they have peepshow starring holly madison....which i enjoyed very much! i was kind of pissed off when i made my original review (coming from their spa experience). I do have to say i did enjoy myself here, but wasn't impressed as the higher quality hotels i have stayed at. Though they get huge points for their buffet...it is definitely one of the best i have had! I doubt I would stay here again...especially since construction is going on through las vegas blvd and this place is in the heart of it. my sister (a local) went through hell to pick me up for lunch....so that definitely sucked. my hubby and i didn't drive anywhere for fear of the mess that awaits us outside. good points were the buffet we got comped for, the coupon book, and the free bottle of booze a night promo dealie they have ( i don't drink...but chose stuff for my sister and parents). the staff here is not so great here as well...the service is not comparable to other hotels and one experience with one hotel employee kind of annoyed me. in all....an ok hotel...but nothing great or grand....there are sooo many nicer places to stay than here. it was hilarious to see all the plastered people stumble about the casino with their free booze in tow. their buffet is a must try!!!
5	Nice hotel, nice room.Actually, our room was reallyyy nice.The beds were comfy and I won at DaVinci Diamonds.David Spade is nice.
3	So we decided to stay here because it was on the strip and next door to the Paris, where our friends were getting married.  Decor is nice but seemed cheap.  The beds were comfortable and that's always a plus for me.  Note: there are no closets in the rooms, well at least not in ours.  The closet that we had was small and built in as part of the entertainment center.   Not very good lighting in the rooms either.  We upgraded to premier club because of the perks, but found that the club room served only nuts, juice, and water....different from the hor d'oeuvres the front desk lady promised.  At least I got spa access from the upgrade and a bottle of alcohol for each day.  The pool was okay, I expected more.  I didn't like how the pools were separated in two and they were fairly small.  Somebody threw up into the pool we were in so it was cleared and shut down...on a Saturday! Seriously rude...I mean at least get out of the water before you do that!! Didn't even get to see the club Prive because it was shut down for serving alcohol to minors and prostitution. Ghetto. The room rate was great but I don't think we will be returning there anytime soon, especially when there are nicer hotels.  P.S. check your bill before you check out!!! I heard that they have a habit of overcharging for random things, and lo and behold on our check out morning there were extra charges we had to take care of.  It makes check out non-express.
4	After debating for a while I decided to give this hotel a 4. Let me explain the pros and cons of this hotel. Pros: 1. In the middle of the strip.....awesome location at the center of the strip. Very convenient location to and from the hotel. 2. Rooms are very clean and fun. The rooms are decorated with a movie theme and memorabilia. We stayed in a room with the the pool and street view and from our room we were able to see the Bellagio Hotel Water Show! 3. Many shops and restaurants to venture. 4. Casino is huge and I guess for those who enjoy watching a free poll dance by beautiful ladies then try the pleasure pit area to gamble late at night. You can't miss. Cons: 1. The walk from the parking lot to the check in is long, plus there isn't enough directions guiding you. You walk through the miracle mile shopping and into the casino and I believe a ride down the escalator to check in. 2. Hotel is circular inside and you can get lost inside because once again there isn't enough signs directing you. If there are signs it isn't visible enough. This hotels needs more signs and maps. 3. If you have small kids the whole pleasure pit stuff wouldn't be educational or necessary for kid's viewing eyes so be aware when traveling with kids. Overall it's a nice places to stay in once you figure out how to get around the circular pattern of the hotel. Plus if you are a starwoods member it's a plus, like me!
4	Walk into the lobby of the hotel, and you are greeted by beautiful floor to celieng light fixtures that are roped chandelier style. looks swanky, so I got super excited!We got there around 11ish, so there was barely a line at check in and I was crossing my fingers that our room was ready. We were greeted by a young man who was super nice and gave us a "high level" room simply cus we asked..LOL. and the room was ready!We got into the room, and we were shocked at how nice it was. Ive stayed at 5 star/diamond hotels before at vegas and I thought this was going to be a downgrade..but it met my expectations. The decor is modern with deep purples, black, and velvet. The bed was super comfy and I fell in love with the pillows. The bathroom was huuuge! If you have ever stayed at the Venetian or the Palazzo, it is the same idea and size. There is a shower and a seperate deep sunken bathtub, for two or three! But I turned it into a makeshift fridge (alot of ice) and alchy bottles. The cleaning ladies didnt mind at all! Plus we had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountain/water show and Paris' Eifel Tower!Ohh..BTW the rooms are themed after movies..we got the Robin Hood theme, thank god we didnt get the Exorcist room..lolThe only con about the room is that we had to call security to fix our in-room safe and the armoir door literally fell on my foot!!!The casino looks huge, but its a mind trick..lol. The casino is built in a circle..so it looks like there is alot of table games and slots. If you want a lil spice with ur table games go to the "Pleasure Pit", a few girls dancing in the middle with poles. Kind of a knock off the PussyCat Dolls Lounge at Ceasars Palace outside of Pure. Didnt play much here, not much action and the casino is kinda dead..rather hit up the Bellagio across the street or the Venetian for more fun in the casino.Another plus for the "miracle mile shops"...sooo much good shopping to do here! I would def stay here again!
4	My friends stayed at this hotel so we got to see how their rooms looked like . The rooms were about the same same size as ours at the Excalibur . The room was alright .. not super fancy though . The hallway was pretty nice and fancier .. better than the one at Excalibur . For around $300 a night , I don't think it's worth staying here . There's much nicer hotels in Vegas that go for the same rate . However , the good thing about this hotel is that there's shopping and it's in the middle off the strip which is pretty convenient . Also , the casino ihas prettier girls compared to a lot of other casinos and the casino itself is nicer than a lot of other casinos . Very fun casino to play at =) . I like the whole layout of the place and the games .
5	Over the years, I've stayed at over a half-dozen hotels in Vegas, from slimy to slick. I got a deal on Planet Hollywood (via Yelp -- stay two nights, get the third free!), and so that's where I spent my anniversary with the wife. I was impressed.The hotel itself is vanilla on the outside -- nothing as dramatic as the NYNY skyline or the pomo pretensions of Luxor. Inside, the eye candy gets nicer, if still basic. The aesthetic is slick modernity, the type that appeals to your average young twentysomething -- judicious use of black, walls and chandeliers that change color, etc. After a Keanu-esque "whoa" at the pretty lights, you don't really ogle the architecture much. On the other hand, the hotel *does* seem to attract mostly young twenty-somethings, which seriously cuts down on the number of small children. As a firm believer that most of Vegas is not for kids, this was a plus.Check-in, sometime between 6-7PM, was speedy, and we got a room overlooking the Bellagio fountains (fantastic view, and much better than heading across the street to see 'em "up close," IMHO). The staff was friendly and professional, giving us vouchers for bottles of free booze and letting us temporarily park in a reserved limo spot when we overshot the waiting area.re: parking, as other reviews have noted, it is a hike from the hotel to the parking garage. On the other hand, I've never been a fan of driving anywhere on the Strip; it's not worth the hassle. And the PH location is *gold.* From PH, it's a pleasant 10-20 minute walk to any hotel on the Strip worth entering. No wasted gas, no exorbitant cab fees... just a nice stroll to wherever you need to go.As if that weren't nice already, PH is fantastically well laid out on the inside. As cool as Caesars Palace was, I have ghastly memories of getting from X point in the hotel or Forum Shops back up to my room -- endless interlocking corridors seemingly stretching forever. Not so in PH. You can get from your room to almost any other point in the hotel, casino, or Miracle Mile within five minutes. The design is highly efficient and centralized, and made the stay much more enjoyable.In terms of quality, the rooms were exactly as expected for the price range -- average size, big comfy bed, huge tub, huge TV, awesome view, clean as a whistle. No marble tubs, penthouse-sized suites, or anything like that. Again, though, I hope PH is paying their designers well, because the room made superb use of what it was given -- never felt undersized or underequipped, and the design was slick, well-lit, and modern. Each room is themed around a particular actor or movie. Ours was Bruce Willis in "Sunset," and had the jacket and shoes Willis wore in the movie. It was a cute, Vegas-kitsch touch that I enjoyed.This leads to the only significant complaint I have about PH as a hotel: it's thematically weak compared with other hotels in Vegas. Paris has the Eiffel Tower, a boulevard, L'Arc de Triomphe, etc. Mandalay Bay has waterfalls, temples, a shark aquarium, and so on for most Vegas hotels. PH has... lots of flat-screen TVs looping footage of the same half-dozen celebs. PH lacks the escapist eye candy that's the hallmark of Vegas. It would've been nice to see even a modest exhibition of Hollywood memorabilia or some such. It's disappointing when your room is better themed than the entire hotel. Even the rooms remind you that PH doesn't have much escapism other than gambling, since a selling point is that you get to look at another hotel's cool stuff (Bellagio fountains). :P Maybe I'm being unfair, since the Miracle Mile does have a bunch of cool Middle Eastern architecture left over from the Aladdin remodel, but I'm not counting that as PH-themed.That aside, though, PH does have one big draw: restaurants. For the low-to-middling budget, PH offers quite a bit of bang for the buck in the form of Lombardi's (Italian), Yolos (Mexican), and Earl of Sandwich (guess :P), as Yelp will attest. The PH restaurants have the singular honor of being the only places to eat on the Strip where I didn't feel ripped off.Quibbles about theme aside, PH is an excellent value for the price range and considerably exceeded my expectations. I'd definitely stay here again.Pro:-Location, location, location.-Efficient layout saves your sore feet.-Professional and friendly staff all over the place.-Clean, well-designed, stylish, and comfortable rooms.-Slick modern aesthetics.-Lowest ratio of kids-to-adults observed on the Strip.-The attached shops and restaurants are also a cut above Vegas average.-Decently priced.-Free booze!Con:-Less value if you're paying full price (but if you're in Vegas and paying full price, you're either stupid or ignorant. :P).-Long walk to parking, if you actually enjoy driving in Vegas.-Not enough to do/see consistent with the theme, so expect to be staying (and probably eating) at PH but doing the cool stuff at other hotels.-Surprisingly blah swimming pool.
3	PH, you stole my money because you have these HOT amazing blackjack dealers.  I couldn't help and resist, I knew I should have walked away when I was up over $150 but lost it all to a very beautiful dealer.  I guess looks can be deceiving after all. I'm sure I'm not the first guy they suckered to play. Easy pickings indeed. =(
4	This is for the casino, only.You know, I really like Planet Hollywood.  It's huge, the environment is really welcoming and they have the Pleasure Pit, which has surprisingly attractive dancers on poles behind the tables.  No better way to make men lose money than to distract them with their favorite vice.Though I almost had to settle with 3 stars due to our last visit here.  We sat down at the video poker machines just to play long enough to get a free drink, but we ended up waiting *entirely* too long for a waitress to finally come by.  At most other casinos I'm usually not waiting for more than 10 minutes before I can get the attention of a waitress, but this was at least double that.  It made up for this when I got 4 Aces and won about $20, but when I tried to cash out the tickets were empty as well as the Guest Relations booth.  I was pretty over it by the time someone came by to get me my ticket, because god knows I wasn't leaving without it.In general, I would definitely come back.  I just know that I won't have my expectations as high as I did the first time around.
4	I like this hotel! It's very young and hip and trendy. My friends stayed here and hung out in the room, too which was nice. Each room has a movie theme and they had "Little Buddha" (Has anyone seen that?)I love the casino part. They have hot girls dancing around the table and their dealers are all attractive hot women with big knockers! I love it! The Pleasure Pit Wheel always get my BF. It's a big wheel where you can spin and win money if it hits on the right number. The minumum is only $2 but impossible to win! I would definitely stay here next time I'm in Vegas!
3	Awesome casino - Thank you Triple Double Diamond Deluxe with Cheese slot machine!Hot dealers - mostly girlsGuest Service - turned us down to view rooms at their new Westgate building because my husband and i didn't make over $60,000 a year combined, this is all after talking to us for 10 minutes, making us fill out the damn form and enticing us with a free show... HOW RUDE..
3	Had to stay here for a work trip....not really my scene.Cheesy decor (even for Vegas) and our room had a weird smell when we first walked in. The beds were comfortable and the bathroom was pretty big. The Miracle Mile shops that are right downstairs was absolutely the best part about staying here. There's also a Starbucks on the casino level which definitely came in handy since I sadly had to wake up at 7a.m. everyday. All in all the hotel was just ok. I wouldn't voluntarily stay here, but hey, since I wasn't paying for it...it didn't really matter.
4	I WAS TORN BETWEEN 3 AND 4 STARS.  We only stayed here one night and its a very nice place.  I like this place.  The lobby of the hotel has the most wonderful smell.  I know that is weird but...IT SMELLS SO GREAT!  Check in was easy and hassle free.  The room comes with a free bottle of something. (wowzers) The rooms are a little small but the are nice.  The bathroom is huge and spacious.  (loved  the shower) At night this place gets packed....the line for Prive was Ri-DAMN-Diculous.  (J.D. was the DJ) and I didnt see any potential targets in line (blah)I like Planet Hollywood, it's very CHIC and Sexy but it's so average.  PF Changs is THE HIGHLIGHT!!  (more people hang out at Palms, Hard Rock and MGM anyway...)  I cant complain...I got a deal for $69 dollars right from this website.
4	Oh Jodie Foster, you bitch! I love you!Yes, we stayed in the Jodie Foster hotel room, and for the "girls vegas outting", Jodie fit right in!Parking was a bit weird... they were doing construction on the strip right out in front, so the back alley drive was... okay. Don't park in the Miracle Mile shop area, even though it says you can park there for the hotel.... just don't do it! Go Valet!!! The boys are cute and sweet and they take care of everything!Check in was okay... came in on Friday afternoon, so I knew there was going to be a long line. The atmosphere and design of this hotel is AWESOME! I came to the Heart Bar back in March and knew where I was staying the next time I came out to Vegas.The room was nice, clean, comfortable chairs and beds, large bathroom... just overall good... esp for the cheapest I could get. Room service was super sweet! It was this nice, older lady who brought up our mixers (OJ, CranJuice, Coke, Club Soda, etc.) for the "Drinks on Us" deal PH was having (free bottle of vodka per night), and she set it all up and acted like our mom, making sure we were ok, had enough towels and food to eat, that we becareful... she was our 5 minute Vegas-Mom!Check out was pretty simple and pain-free. Nice people at the front/lobby desk. Not too long a line (Sunday at 11am).Bus boy didn't give me a ticket for our luggage though before he took them downstairs, so we had a little problem with lost luggage. Thankfully the valet guys helped us girls out and helped us go looking for the luggage. Those sweethearts! :)I would totally stay here again!
4	Friend's family were visiting the states and invited me. I had the room for myself. I got the 50th floor which required a security key. It was a nice floor, bed was great.What's Inside?-TV Bedroom and TV in Bathroom-AXE spray/Soup/Shampoo/Dryer-Bathtube and Shower separate-Safe Vault-One person sofa-Two bottle of aquafina-Ice tank-Desk-Internet $14.99/dayPROS:-Bathroom is big, same layout as Bellagio/Venetian/Palazzo bathrooms-TV in the bathroom have ceiling speakers-Bed was very comfortable-Miracle Mile shops just downstairs-Plenty of restaurant on site: $-$$$-24 Hr StarbucksCONS:-Bedroom TV is an old tube-No Ice Machines on the 50th/51st floor. Closest ice machine was on the 38th floor. Or I'd have to tip the butler for ICE!-Internet was ridiculously expensive
2	Dear planet Hollywood, If not the bad service, 4 stars, but your rude service screwed our vacation up.I lived in Hollywood & experienced the Hollywood dream so please don't try pretend as if you are anything resembling! - Trashy!I also stayed at Aladdin before & boy, service used to be way better!This is the deal with this hotel, it went through more transformations than Michael Jackson!If you would only see the original blue prints...  While transforming they decided to paint it blue & change the windows (from old Persian look), changed their mind & let windows stay yet paint walls in white. Then changed outside promenade & lobby into tacky god knows what, while leaving the mall with same old Aladdin Persian theme. So it's Hollywood now, with Persian style windows, Aladdin mall, & eastern style Aladdin carpets throughout the floors. Yet they build 2 towers behind with Hollywood theme, glossy windows which has no connection with the central Persian tower.That's pathetic!Management is so cheap / believes American people are dumb!!!Planet Hollywood appeals for stupid girls who are not even old enough to be called bitches yet are Hollywood wanna be's Britney Spears trashy who aspires to find the perfect sugar daddy in Vegas so he could buy her some drinks so she could get even trashier, open her legs and when done throw up her expansive meal bought with daddy's platinum. Or for young guys who has no class, either very gay, or very ghetto.Those people would always look like they are looking for something... That would be: sex, pot or drama. either way they'll get fucked up.If you got some class, self respect (& money) go to Belagio, Venetian, Wynn etc...Regarding our 2 night stay in this hotel:- TV was still old tube my grandma use in her kitchen.- Front desk were snotty & rude!- We asked for extra pillows, never arrived! We called again to complaint, worker was rude saying order was never made (= you're lying), saying they charge money for it (BS) & that it's too late to order so I need to call tomorrow!My screaming could be heard till the Billagio, the whole floor was shaking, I was so pissed! Pillows got to our room in 20 min.- Main issue was on 3rd day when we wanted to stay extra night: Worker bluntly said there is no more space, everything is booked. I asked to get on waiting list, he said that the conversation is going no where so he needs to hang up. Seriously??!!!!!! We stormed out of this hotel, making the manager understand that we'll never come back here again just for the rudeness. No apology! We switched to the Wynn, stayed 3 more nights & won $2,400 which covered our trip.Thank you planet Hollywood.First & last time.Yalla bye!
4	We came here on a Tuesday night for a random trip to Vegas.  The deal we got came with a free bottle of liquor and comp admission to the spa for 2 people.  The room was pretty spacious, the beds were super comfy!  The shower looked a bit old, but other than that, the room was great (we had a Brendan Frasier themed room...kinda random!)  Late night in the hotel was okay, Planet Dailies offered a pretty big variety of food and it's open 24 hours.  Earl of Sandwich was also amazing!  The spa was really small and not renovated like most of the hotel, but it was still really clean and the service was great.The downside was the terrible, terrible music they played in the casino.  When I first sat down at the tables, I heard Toni Braxton, Elton John, The Fray.  All good music, but definitely not the upbeat Vegas music you wanna hear all day.  Both times my friend lost his money...it was to Bitter Sweet Symphony!  Overall, this hotel is in a great location on the strip and not as pricey.
5	Still my favorite hotel! Granted I did pay $219 for the Hollywood Hip room but that's because it was Saturday and hotels everywhere always bump up their prices on weekends. Regardless, I still got a kick ass room. For a "standard" room it was huge which was more than enough space to have a sweet dance party. I mean, huge, like junior suite huge. Or at least I thought so. Haha. On top of that, PH had the "Drinks Are On Us" deal and we got a free 5th of booze! The ones on the list that stood out were Seagrams 7 and Skyy Vodka...so we went with good ol' Seagrams and continued our mission destroying Vegas.So there's that. I will always stay at PH because it's more than a decent place to stay for a good price. Just don't try to learn roulette when your hammered drunk at 3AM because you just look like an ass.
5	Planet Hollywood Rocks ! It's Classy, Chic, Trendy...I love it all. Planet Hollywood may not have the best rooms or hotel experience in Vegas, but this is one of my favorite places to shop. The Mag Mile at Planet Hollywood offers a shopping experience for everyone to enjoy. They offer your standard Bath and Body Works, Victoria Secret, Loccitane, Bebe, BCBG, Gap, Sephora, H&M, and Marciano variety. I also love to visit the Wild Pair, Bakers, Betsy Johnson, and Bettie Page...I know, I have very eclectic, somewhat abstract taste in fashion. Don't care for trends - like my own style. If you are into couture fashions then PH wouldn't necessarily be for you. I would stick to Bellagio, Forum Shops at Caesars, or The Wynn. This is a must visit while in Vegas!
3	With so many choices in LV, it is sometimes hard to choose a hotel...so here's some info to make an informed decision...Pros:  *Good location- middle of strip, across from Bellagio.  Prime              locale to walk to other attractions            * Good for the price (at last minute via internet)            * They give you a WHOLE bottle per night booked currently for               their promotional package....your choice of rum, vodka, wine, &              other spirits.  We decided to check in our baggage & enjoy our               cruzan rum at home.              * Nice sized room, bed, & bathroom w/ both shower & tub            *Miracle mile shops connected to the hotel if you forgot anything               Cons:  * Hotel needs some work....looking old w/ chipping                paint/cracks in the rooms, used to be the               Aladdin until Sheraton resorts took over             *Pool small, on 6th floor b/t the tower buildings....too shady &               chilly in October             *Towels provided in room were rough (use some downy,                please)             *Good places to eat at the hotel are limited             *Casino itself is small, limited tables             *Check in is late @ 3pm & check out @ 11 am**In the end, it really doesn't matter where you stay in Vegas right?
4	I stayed at PH for my first time this past weekend.  We got in on the special promotion where you get a free bottle of booze from their gift shop (I suggest getting the vodka) and were off to our room.  The rooms are movie themed, ours had a bunch of memorabilia from Good Will Hunting.  The room was nice, with comfortable beds, a large flat screen tv, and a pretty big bathroom.The only downside was the crappy towels; they really need to be replaced or washed differently because these were pretty rough.The location is good too, right in the center of the strip.  Like any other Vegas hotel, it really depends on whether or not you can get a good deal.  I think on a weekend I'd pay up to $140 a night, and up to $75 during the week.  It's probably usually a lot more than that, but I always shop around.
5	I'm giving them 5 stars because I read a review where they occationaly upgrade your rooms.  When we were at check in the polite receptionist said " I have good news!!, we're upgrading your room!"  we were upgraded to suite on the 22 floor! Everything was great.  We didn't experience the pool but we could see if from the window and it looked fairly small.  I would recommend this hotel because it's in the middle of the strip and it's newly remodeled.  Plus you might get some upgrades!:)
4	I stayed at Planet Hollywood with several friends for 3 days last weekend.Room: 4/5 - The rooms are nice. 42" plasma TVs and stylish furnishings are included in standard rooms.Service: 3/5 - My reservation was wrong. They expected me there the night before I arrived and put me down for 5 nights instead of 3. That mix-up caused check-in to take a little longer than it should, but that wasn't a big deal. My only big complaint is that many of the dealers have no personality. They deal cards with stone-cold faces like robots. It's more enjoyable playing table games when the dealers are friendly, especially when losing.Ambience: 4/5
3	A little above average. The pool is pretty small, but there are a lot of lounge chairs for people who want to get tanned and cabanas for people that want to read or whatever. The elevators take forever and the staff were the most unfriendly bunches of A-holes I had encountered in LV (aside from every third person on the street). The price was right and the beds, though not Heavenly, were better than what I sleep on at home. Spice buffet is okay, but there are a bunch of cheaper places in the mall that are pretty good also. The mezzanine on the 2nd floor is wide open and a great place to meet up and chill.
5	My preferred location in Las Vegas.Awesome clubby/ambient environment.Always friendly service that makes you feel like a VIP.Solid, reliable rooms.Best experience on the strip.
1	Not the best...We spent the weekend here and I honestly wish we hadn't. For a Vegas 'mega-resort' this place needs serious help. It looks nice & all but they're headed down-hill real fast. The casino floor is SO confusing! Its almost impossible to find anything! The signs are no help what-so-ever. After 9pm the place livens up a bit with beautiful dealers wearing lingerie and girls dancing on poles (classy!) but thats not enough to make me want to go back.Checking IN took forever -- this should NEVER be the case in any hotel. On top of that we ended up having to change rooms twice! The first room had moldy, wet carpet... The second was supposed to be a non-smoking room but stunk to high heaven.. All in all I don't think i'd go back here to stay ever again. There are plenty of other beautiful casino / hotels on the strip for the same amount of money.
5	the best place i ever stayed at. the minute i got in to my room it was awesome. i checked in early so all they had were smoking. doesnt bother me just the wife. but we were on 2 hours sleep since showing up late thursday night. ounce in the room you could not smell any smoke. the bed was the best bed i ever slept in. we were also able to receive a free bottle for each day we spent there.Our room was very close to the elevator. which is always a great thing. our room had a Backdraft theme to it. was hoping for rocky. My wife and i deicided that we will never stay in another hotel. we are now hooked on this place bad.
2	For $85 a night this place is ok but I wouldn't spend anymore.  The lighting in the room was horrible and the small window in the corner did not provide much lighting at all during the day.  The tub was nice to have but after we used it, the shower would keep getting clogged.  When we went down to the pool, it was very basic, nothing really to it and a very small jacuzzi to boot.  If you get a good deal on ph then go 4 it but I wouldn't spend more than a $100 a night at this place, I booked well in advance for Halloween weekend and got a room for $85 plus tax with my AAA discount.  Oh yeah and the girl at the front desk was pretty rude too, but the "drinks on us" promotion was one plus of staying here.  Of the many hotels that I have stayed at on the Las Vegas Strip PH would have to be at the bottom of the list.
5	Loved this hotel. Service and rooms were as good as it gets!
2	I have a lot of mixed feelings about Planet Hollywood because it's a cool, young hotel with a great location in the middle of the strip.  I really want to like the hotel and want to stay here again but there are other reasons that I wouldn't stay here again.  The customer service was horrible at best in some locations of the hotel while other services were great, and the rooms were larger than most. Checking in was easy and quick, but unfortunately I had to use the services of the bell desk. The bell staff were rude and more into their own personal conversations than their guests. I was expecting my luggage to arrive through from the airline, and I let the bell desk know the details of what I needed. I provided all information and they never requested anything else from me. When I returned to claim my luggage I was informed that it arrived but then they took it with them because no cash was on hand, which was news to me. They had no way of contacting the delivery service and were of no help and did not try to provide any assistance. They told me "it's your bag, you can do whatever you want with it." I spoke to the manager and he promised to take care of it. He promised to provide some form of compensation before I left which never happened. After checking in I read a few reviews about PH and realized a pattern and that a lot of the reviews were complaining about the air quality and how they felt when they woke up in the morning. I really did not pay too much attention to it because the rooms seemed clean and updated. I quickly realized that the appearance didn't mean everything else had been updated. The first morning I woke up my throat was soar and I couldn't breath. I took some meds to help out with my problems but I felt that way the entire stay at PH. As soon as I checked out of the hotel I began to feel better. Reading others reviews and experiencing PH myself, there is an obvious air quality problem. It's an old hotel, originally the Aladdin, but that's not an excuse to subject their guest to such poor air quality. The rooms are very nice...updated, young and fun with some movie memorabilia on the walls. The rooms are the largest that I have stayed in in Vegas, and the bathrooms are huge with two separate sinks and separate tub and shower. This was just the standard double room. I did not get to experience a lot of the hotel and casino but it seemed that they had a lot to offer in the way of bars, restaurants and entertainment. They were putting in a Cabo Wabo which will be opening soon. With the horrible air quality and how it made me feel during my trip, and the poor, insulting service at the bell desk I would not stay at PH again. I would come back for everything else they had to offer.
3	I've had the pleasure of meeting perhaps 300 customer-facing professionals in Las Vegas. Fewer than 5 were anything but impeccably courteous. (Rudeness simply won't fly in a CRM-driven industry, especially in a down economy, because there's a glut of labor supply and a dearth of demand.) Surprisingly, the rudest of them all was at PH. The sum of all customer touch-points = brand. Maybe PH needs the old Keith Ferrazzi (former Starwood CMO) touch back to remind them how it's done.That said, PH is conveniently located center-strip and an easy shot down the Palms axis. I stayed here a couple times because of its connection to Cinevegas. It's clean and modern, and the vibe is fun and young.Unless you've got comp'ed rooms or are staying on SPG points, the cheapest inventory (and I mean, crazy cheap) is to be had on hotwire; know that you're getting PH by using http://www.betterbidding.com/
5	One of the best hotels I've stayed at. Definitely the best one that I've stayed at in Vegas. Apryl and I arrived very early to check in. The front desk woman checked us in and asked us to return in an hour to get our room keys. When we came back, our room was clean and ready to go. We had a deal where we got a free bottle of alcohol for each night we were there. Both Apryl and I figured that there had to be some catch to the deal, since it seemed too good to be true. Nope. No catch at all. Each day, after we woke up, we headed down to the gift shop and grabbed a bottle (750mL) of SKYY vodka. We had brought mixers in our luggage to work with (Reese's Peanutbutter cups, spray can cheese and crackers too). All in all, we had unlimited drinks, plus another bottle to take home, the entire trip! We got the "Roseanne" room. F*ck, I hate that show! I wanted a cooler room. Like "Hunt for Red October" or "True Lies"... Now that would have made it better. I disliked having a picture of Roseanne's fat face plastered in our bathroom. Severely disliked. I would have paid another $20 a night to have Sean Connery's mug keeping an eye on us while we bathed. The entire hotel is very trendy and hip. The renovation has made it into a completely different place. It's clean, bright and full of color. Definitely a very eye pleasing place without becoming gaudy or pretentious. I would highly recommend. We plan on staying here next time.
4	Room Review is for the suite (it's a suite life). :) The room was a decent size. Bed was comfy. The purple bath towels...that was interesting. :) I guess it worked with their old theme of Aladdin (former hotel name). My little one was a fan of the round bathtub with a nice view of the city. Bath products were decent, toilet paper was soft (hey that's important too!). Two flat screen panels, one for the sitting area and one for the bedroom. And...here's one for the boys: the "Pleasure Zone." When you gamble at night (we were there on weekend), there's an area call "pleasure zone." Basically, they have hot dealers practically in bathing suites with nice curves trying to distract you from focusing (and hence more money for them). They also have poles and dancers (obviously dressed for the occasion) dancing in the area. Very smart strategy, isn't it? So, you weigh what's more fun, gambling with pole dancers, or going to a strip club and paying $500-$1000 but being about to touch them. Personally, I don't get distracted so it has no impact on me. I feel sorry for the boys who lose as a result of losing their concentration, but I suppose to some it's worth it. Suckers... :) Oh, and their promotion of getting a free bottle of alcohol per visit was nice. They have a quite a few choices--tequila, vodka, bailey, champagne...if you want to go for the most expensive it's Sky Vodka (i'm not a fan). You also get $25 matching table play, which contributed to my winning. All included as part of a $69 room! Only negative is parking---unless you valet (which I find hard to trust w/ my car)...you walk a mile from the parking lot to get to your room! Good exercise I suppose.
4	All in all this is just another HUGE Vegas hotel. It is nice because it is SPG and you earn points and all that good stuff. The staff is friendly and help full. I have been upgraded the 3 times I have stayed there so that's a plus as well. Its a great value and often has  great promotions
5	There are almost 300 reviews--I'm betting that the chances you'll read this are pretty slim.  So I'll keep this short:  hospitality is off the charts.  Clean, accommodating, tons of shops and dining.  Nice rooms.  (I don't gamble but I go to Vegas for other reasons.)  This place is great.
1	I paid 2 months in advance to get the room I wanted. When I got there they said "oh sorry" you have to take a different (smoking room). I am a non-smoker... $450 for a suite. you should get what you paid for. I have been to vegas maybe 30 times... This was one of the worst.Or I could have gotten a non-smoking room with a view of nothing. The whole point for my 1 and only saturday night there was to have the view. RIP-OFF. In the old days I would have been upgraded until they got me in the room I reserved. The times they are a changin. for the worse.Planet Hollywood rip-off. This should be cached on google in about 90 days.scam, never again, loser, hated it, stinks, smells, yuck, bummer, puke, assholes,
3	remodeled and dimmed...efforts on hip and trendy...advance reservations...credit card deposit required...quick $fifteen taxi from airport...checking in and eighteenth floor keycard given...standard room...comfy plush bed...large lcd screen...slow channel surfing...bathtub and seperate shower....clean, dark and modern....all acceptable...although room lacking in lighting...difficulty in reading in room....fine for sleep and wash....downstairs to casino floor...smaller than norm....tables few and moslty $twenty-five minimum and up....bit of distraction from "pleasure pit" pole dancers and scantily clad dealers...a casino for men!...a novel idea, but not liking....overall a decent room for $one-hundred-nineteen plus tax a night....go out for gambling...
3	great lighting in the lobby, casino, roooms are a little sparse on light.. windows /view, kinda small, but who goes to vegas for the view from your room.. the bathrooms are great, spacious... and the room rates were pretty unbelievable... cheap!  maybe it's the new economy..
4	It's a nice little hotel on a street filled with huge hotels.   For a reasonable price we got a room overlooking the Belagio fountains.  The room itself was cozy.  The room was tiny, but the spacious bathroom more than made up for it.  The rooms have movie props on the wall and around the room.  They aren't exactly Indiana Jones' hat, but they're fun.  Especially considering that any other hotel room would have had some bland watercolor.  The casino is tiny.  But there's also a pretty damn big mall here.  And not a high priced mall either.  We shopped at the Gap and Lucky Brand here.  I liked this place cause it was reasonably priced, well designed,  walking distance to everywhere we wanted to go, and all in all fun.  If you don't need a suite, check this place out.  The place definitely has a younger vibe to it.  If your 21-35 you should have a great time.
3	I was able to stay here using my SPG points. Worth the points, not worth paying. The room is was good, but my only gripes are that the room was dark and the self-parking was far.
1	VERY RUDE FRONT DESK STAFF! DO NOT STAY AT PH!During my checkout I saw they charge me resort fee $5.99 per night and that was not mentioned on my offer when I booked it online. I told the front desk it was not mentioned when I made reservation, the guy named "Jouce" or "Jorge" (something like that) said - "I can show you on the website but you will have to pay extra $16 for seeing from my computer along with your resort fee."WTH?!NEVER COME BACK!
3	I think I'm a little bias because I loved this casino when it was Aladdin, but I just feel like ever since PH has taken over, it hasn't been quite the same. They try to jazz up the interior by putting in deep rich colored carpets and a very Hollywood and/or nightlife-like atmosphere, but for the most part the casino looks the same and all the slots are still old. The rooms I would imagine to be quite nice but PH is always a must visit for me every time I come to Vegas simply because I'm a big fan of the Miracle Mile shops. I love that there are so many stores, normal stores at that, which sell normal people underpriced, on sale and great size selection items. I love that they kept the thunderstorms in the shops. Mostly though, I love the random strips of casino through the shopping so when you're tired, you can take a seat, lose some money, and keep going!The casino is arranged in an ok fashion, they somehow have a Pink's hot dogs stand outside although I'm not sure how authentic it really is ... The buffet is the same and I still like it, but I don't think it has *as* much variety as before. Their shows are somewhat lackluster as compared to other casinos. I don't know that I would necessarily stay here again, but if there was some killer deal it's definitely not a BAD hotel to be at.
4	Stayed here over Thanksgiving weekend. Been staying here 5+ times and each time, I had a great time. Everything you need is here, from gambling to shopping.My favorite is the ABC Store. Reasonable prices and sell bottles of booze. Do what I did, buy a bottle and chug it on the strip. I'm a cheap date.Rooms were great, stayed at the resort room with HD flat screen TV. Beds were comfy and the front desk are nice. I will stay here without a doubt again.There is a resort free which includes a newspaper and two bottles of water a day. Rip off, but be nice to the front desk and they might waive it. I asked and they did and saved me $5 a day.
5	Beautiful. Clean. & Steller VIEW of Vegas.I was very impressed with the staff & room.  Quick service to getting a room at last minute.   ALTHOUGH they give you a complimentary bottle of wine with your stay, but no bottle opener in the room.  We had to call down and have them bring one up and then had to pay 5.00 for it, to have it be a piece of crap but i understand the whole reason behind it.the bed and bedding was uber soft and cozy which made for a good nights sleep, flat screens, mini bar, HUGE bathroom with spa tub & shower. they have plenty of shopping, gambling, dining & shows here.i may or may not stay here again, to many other choices of course but it's not a place i would turn down.
4	i love this hotel. we had the strip view and was overlooking the bellagio and aria hotel....sooo awesome!!! the room was so roomy...my BF loved the big flat tv. Front desk was hospitable.  i love the mall in the hotel....bought 2 boots....love it!!  whatever we needed it was in this hotel.  we hardly needed to go out.  I wish they had more fine dining restaurants.  we mainly went out to the other hotels to dine.  we had also had a bargain for the rooms...we stayed thursday for free and friday for $99.00.  My BF is the best....good looking out for the bargains!!
3	If you want to have an experience in Vegas, it's almost guaranteed you can have it as long as you're willing to pay and tip for it. In this case, we paid for a three star experience and that's exactly what we got.We booked our room here specifically because of their proximity to the starting line for the Las Vegas Marathon (we, in particular, ran the half) and the free bottle of liquor per stay.* And while they did not disappoint in terms of transportation to the race start, and the rooms were big, clean and decorated with deep, rich hues, nothing about our experience really stood out.Firstly, our room was decorated with vintage movie accoutrements, which is great if the movie is Body Heat or something like that, but we had artifacts from Hellraiser. Hellraiser? Really? As if the nightmares about running 13 miles weren't bad enough, they had to include authentic nightmare inducers.Secondly, the view we had was of the Las Vegas airport, and the back side of the strip, which wasn't terrible, particularly at night, until you take into account the giant flood light aimed directly into our room. Now, while I don't think they purposefully waited until we checked in to point it there, it's worth considering trying the $20 tip trick** to see if you have a view facing the strip instead of the back side of the hotel.We did get plenty of coupons with our stay, including 10% off room service (which we used) and brought us not-particularly warm or tasty food, but considering how hungry we were we got it any way. The fries were noticeably limp and the burger didn't have any particular flavor. But there is something nice about people bringing things to your room.The bathroom was big, and included a giant tub with a separate shower stall with two issues: the tub didn't really have any reason to use it (no jacuzzi jets or anything) and the shower didn't get enough water pressure or get hot enough to really make it great. Granted, we didn't pay for water pressure, but I think I was under the impression you didn't have to.Basically what I learned is that in Vegas, moreso than just about anywhere else, you get what you pay for and if you pay for a three-star experience, that's exactly what you'll get.**** - We had originally read it to say that you received a free bottle of liquor PER NIGHT per stay, but they declined us that offer. It's entirely possible it was the race promoter's fault, and really we probably could not have imbibed that much, but I'd still go to my grave of the opinion they said we could have a bottle per night.** - I was told by a friend of mine that when the front desk asks for your ID and credit card upon checking that you should tuck a $20 bill in there and ask if they have any upgrades available. While we didn't do that, friends at the Bellagio did and said it got them a lake-front view.*** - It will also get you one of the best all-time Vegas stories, but I'm not sharing that here.
1	I came to Vegas in may of this year. My husband and I stayed here and everything was fantastic, which is why we choose to stay here again this past week. We checked in around 3:30pm which took a while because there was a huge line of guests waiting in line also to be checked in. I was exhausted from the plane ride, since I don't care for flying and wanted to lay down before the evenings planed activities. We got up to the room, walked in, and it smelled like some on had been smoking only moments previously in our requested nonsmoking room. The room was disgusting! There was half drank cocktails sitting on the night stand and all along the entertainment system and a cig still lit in an ashtray also on the night stand. Not to mention the dust all over the bathroom counter, in the bathtub, and dirty socks that I found under one of the beds. I was a little surprised I didn't find a dead prostitute between the mattress and the box spring. We called the front desk and they said they would change our rooms right away and send a bell boy up to move our luggage. I was pissed and disgusted, so I went downstairs and bought a drink which to my dismay cost $15.50! I sat and enjoyed people watching while I waited for my husband to call and tell me where the new room was. 20 minutes passed and I was finished with my drink, so I called to see what our new room number was. My husband told me no one had come to pick up the bags yet and they had not given us a new room yet either. I went down to the concierge and told him of our situation. He gave me staff passes to Prive' , their night club and told me we didn't have to wait in line or pay with these passes. I was happy to receive some sort of compensation for my troubles. He apologized again and immediately sent me to the first available person at the front desk since he was not able to assign me a room. The front desk person was not so nice however. He seemed flustered that I was asking for a different room and barely even said two words to me...none of which included I'm sorry or I apologize for the inconvenience! Finally we had a new room number and keys! I asked for a bell hop to help bring our luggage from one room to another. Instead of a person they gave me a cart and said "Our bell hop is currently unavailable, but this will be OK." I was so frustrated I just took the damn cart and went up stairs. We switched rooms and everything seemed to calm down a bit. That night we went to Prive' since we had the passes and not only did they tell us we had to wait in line like everyone else, but they were going to charge us 30 dollars for my husband and 20 dollars for me. By that time the concierge desk was closed, so I couldn't even dispute the misunderstanding. We didn't go to the club that night and to make matters worse, I went to talk to the concierge the next day (of course not the same person as the day before), and he said that if I was going to keep the passes that he was going to charge me 40 dollars for them! I tore them up and threw them in the nearest trash. I will Never stay at this awful place ever again!
1	Rude rude rude. Even the front desk people were rude.Every employee we encountered at this place ( including the shops ) were rude. We stayed there for three nights and had to change our room twice due to "water pipe explosions"First night we had to move from floor 12 to 21.. the second night was from 21 to 15. They offered to bring water to our room but it turned out to be two bottles of drinking water.. but no thanks. This place use to be the old Aladdin's hotel and it seems like they didn't fix much.
5	We had a great time here.  Were only here one night but our room was great and so was the price.  I really like the vibe in this casino; however, only thing I can say kind of negative is I just can't entertain myself in it quite as well as some of the other casinos.  But our room was very clean AND we got a free bottle of liquor when we checked in.  They gave us a little ticket to take to the gift shop for it, we were expecting a small little bottle but it was actually a full sized bottle.  YAY!  We tried their breakfast buffet the day we checked out and it was GREAT too.  They had given us a $5 off coupon as well when we checked in, so for the two of us it was like $20.
4	My friends and I decided to book Planet Hollywood because of it's location on the strip and its atmosphere for the price it was going for. so we booked 2 rooms with 2 queen size beds each for 7 girls. the best thing.... in the room was the bathroom. i swear to bob, it was. there's an oversized mirror for the ladies to get prepared together, WITHOUT bumping elbows. there was no waiting or fighting for the mirror which i absolutely adored. Plus, there's a tub in the bathroom for semi-foot spa time after a long night out to the clubs. bathroom is pretty spacious. and the toilet has a room to itself, so when someone needs to do the deed, not everyone has to evacuate the room. the bed and pillows were pretty comfortable, but to be honestly, i barely slept while in vegas. a flat screen tv was a nice feature to the room. also, we used the tub as a cooler for all the drinks and alcohol. pretty useful, i'd say. the things i disliked in/about the room was the lighting, unnecessary charge on bottled water, and unequal room size. -LIGHTING: it was so dim in the room, which was pretty annoying because i needed light to see what i was doing! we had to take off the lampshades to maximize light exposure, but that didn't even help that much. -WATER: they made additional charges for water bottles per night which was uncalled for. it sucked even more because it was required. -ROOM SIZE: not that it was a big issue, but one room was obviously larger than the other with a desk, a personal couch and 2 closet spaces while the other room lacked all that. you would expect since we're paying the same amount for both rooms, they would give us an equal sized room. on top of that, they couldn't even connect our rooms when we made request in advance. on the casino floor, there were some helpful dealers who were trying to teach the games to my friends. i thought that was pretty cool, since they were patient and understanding to the fact we're noobs at this. do note, not all the dealers were helpful, SOME. i love how this hotel is connected to the miracle mile, which has fat tuesday, Pinks and the ABC Store inside. EASY ACCESS FOR SURE. i wish i got to check out the pool, but we came during the fall. :( i really did enjoy my stay at planet hollywood regardless of the minor setbacks. i would probably venture off to experience other hotels, but i would totally recommend this hotel, to first time Vegas visitors since its up to date with the architect and design, and has a worthy location.
4	I love Planet Hollywood - the staff has always given exceptional customer service and the casino is nice. So I am asking PH to please get rid of Prive Nightclub. For all that PH has to offer, any hotel guest going into Prive, will NOT want to stay at PH anymore. Not only are the doormen and bouncers extremely rude, they are also pervy and stand offish. They give you the "hint" of putting out in order to get in for free. I'd rather pay the cover. The crowd was not upscale at all. I would spend my money somewhere else. Since Prive is not owned by PH, get rid of it. The club is mkaing your hotel look bad! I only give PH 4 stars because I love the hotel, amenities, staff and casino. get rid of Prive and I would give it 5 stars.
5	Second time here. Well, first time was at the Aladdin, same faucets, different.... everything else? This place is awesome. It was a bit boring and bland as the Aladdin (I do miss the Aladdin theme somewhat; the entrances used to have what I felt were quite accurate Muslim touches in it's design) but damn if it isn't all shiny and eye catching now. The exterior is a hell of a draw at night, though a bit muted and boring during the day. The changing exterior lights are a hint of what's to come on the inside. From the registration lobby to the casino, all of the lighting changes in a very pleasing manner. The remodel made the casino a hip and happening place compared to the boring Aladdin. I loved the redesign. Pleasure pit = 1 hot girl and a bunch of questionable ones. The lady friend was amused that I didnt find much eye candy to lead my eyes astray. Nice Idea I guess, but nothing spectacular either. Also, note the hourglass rocking the hot school teacher / librarian glasses. Talk about going after a niche fetish.The elevators are tiled with this stained wood paneling. They are either stained orange, red, or dark blue (were there other colors?) that had striking wood grain. I loved the look, but can imagine getting disoriented if I stumbled into an elevator drunk. The tiles had convex circles of wood, giving the walls a very 3d appearance, and also changing the way light scattered off each tile, which is why I think it would be disorienting to drunks.. but hey.. who drinks in Vegas? no one..Check-in was smooth. Mr. Jackson* got me a nice 3 step upgrade room atop the south tower, giving me a view of (from left to right) Cosmo, Rio, Bellagio, Ceasars, Mirage, and Paris. That very same Mr. Jackson also waived my "resort fee's." The room was situated as such that I had perfect view of the fountains with no obstructions. In a way, the windows caused me to burn too much time staying in the room instead of being out and about. Each fountain show is an excuse to procrastinate instead of getting ready to leave the room or to actually exit. Great room, great bed, great view, great bathroom. Aladdin sink handles, who cares. Hotel staff were very friendly, with room service folks pausing so I can get past with a friendly "excuse me" or "after you" instead of just charging past like a ... iono... a rhino?Other staff complimented me or my better half, or mentioned that we looked great together, or were a beautiful couple. Lies, all lies! But they sounded genuine enough =PCheckout was a breeze, no hiccups, nothing. Alright... onto the bad.1) Ok, the purple chairs weren't the most comfortable, but really, they weren't bad. 2) The magnified mirror thingy for makeup / contacts / plucking eyebrows?!? was somewhat broken? Well, Tyrone doesn't do much to maintain, so Tyrone don't care.3) No tongs with the ice bucket. But since Tyrone is paranoid of what some people do with tongs in the privacy of their own rooms, Tyrone wouldn't have used tongs anyways.4) When the bathwater was let out, you can hear a gurgling sound in one of the sinks but not the other..(although there was a sound, nothing bubbled up). There was a slight odor in the shower stall though. I assume since it doesn't have a p-trap (i guess) there isn't a liquid barrier to keep the air/gasses down. (but since the sinks do have p-traps, you hear a bubbling/gurgling sound?!?)Anyways, that was it. Great location, great casino, nice rooms, great view, great staff... great stay. Would obviously do it again.Ps. Had the Baywatch room ... which infinitely beats out ... oh .. I don't know... Hellraiser, the Exorcist... and others that I've heard about. Really? Exorcist? I'd demand a room change if I had that one. *Mr. Andy Jackson isn't a living breathing person.
3	the hollywood hip room (which is i believe their standard room) isn't too bad but its definitely not the palazzo. we got a 2 queen room for a total of $100 AND we got a free bottle. not bad at all. if you're on a budget but you still want a decent hotel at a good location, this is your best bet. the free bottle promotion is pretty sweet too...take advantage of that before they end it. since we were only there for a night...we didn't have to purchase other liquor. worked out really well. it still creeps me out a bit that they have memorabilia from movie sets and if you get a creepy theme that kind of sucks....we had the sylvester stalone themed room which was eh. i had to sleep next to the pants he wore in die hard...or something...i dont know. kind of creepy actually....luckily i wasn't sober that night so i didn't have the brain power to worry/be creeped out.the only negative would be that there aren't any fridges in the standard rooms. but no big, just fill up the trashcan with ice from the machine and you're good to go. also it was nice of them to ask us how many keys we wanted even though i put down 2 guests for the room. really convenient. also, when my friends got locked out they were able to get an extra key that night from the front desk. overall, a good hotel..
1	This review is for the newly opening Planet Hollywood Towers that is operated by Westgate. When we checked in with a reservation (my boyfriend even called the night before to confirm our reservation, room rates etc.), we were told that the hotel was sold out and that they were going to try and accommodate us by giving us a special two room suite. Traveling with an 11 month child in our group, we found it extremely frustrating that it took them an hour to get their act together and find us a room. Once we were in our room, we noticed that we had an ironing board, but no iron so we called the front desk to have an iron delivered to our room. After 4 phone calls and 6 hours had elapsed, we finally got the iron. The room smelled like mold and mildew and the smell penetrated from the bathroom into the living room. We were later told that the hotel rushed to open 300 rooms in time for the New Year travelers and probably gave us a room that was not ready for guests. The next morning, we saw housekeeping outside of our room so we assumed our room was going to be cleaned. We got back to the room at 3:00 in the afternoon and our suite had not been cleaned, so we pressed the service button on our door. Shortly thereafter, someone called and asked us what we needed. I informed them that we needed our room cleaned and the woman on the phone said, "we can accommodate that special request for you". Last I remembered, fresh sheets and clean towels were standard and not a special accommodation. We returned to our room at 10:30 that evening and not to our surprise, our room had not been cleaned. There were hundreds of people in the lobby with complaints (people trying to check-in but their rooms weren't ready) and we could hear our neighbors yelling next door about how horrible the hotel was. My boyfriend attempted to go downstairs to speak to someone at the front desk - after waiting for 20 minutes, one of the lobby staff lost it and walked off the job, leaving many people waiting for service. It doesn't end there. The next day, we saw housekeeping outside and specifically asked them to make sure to clean our room (given that it was not cleaned the night before). We came back to our room at 6:00 in the evening and some of the rooms were cleaned, but our bedroom was not. Apparently, housekeeping did not know that it was a TWO room suite - so they cleaned one bedroom, but not the other. I was on hold for 15 minutes before the PH lobby desk picked up the phone and proceeded to tell us that the hotel should not have opened when it did. To accommodate our frustration, he promised us fresh sheet and towels - 20 minutes later, we were given 2 towels. Umm....2 towels? We again had to go to the front desk and spoke to someone (the same woman who walked off the job the night before) and all she could say is "understood" and "we are sorry". She also admitted that, "to be realistic with you, it was a nightmare last night. Your room would not have been cleaned last night anyways". This hotel doesn't even deserve one star. This hotel may be central to the strip, but NEVER again will I stay in a hotel like this.
3	Good:- Decent price- Free bottle of booze upon check-in was a pleasant surprise,  it's real, full-size bottle of brand-name liquor- Hip styling- Pretty well-ventilated casino- The 24-hour restaurant (Planet Daily?) was good but expensive for a diner atmosphere.Not so good:- You pay $5.95/day for 2 bottled waters and newspaper but newspaper was never delivered and it's a way to sneak in costs, which irritates me.- No bathmat until 3rd day.  Only 2 towels for 2 people.  I like 2 myself and most hotels provide that.- Buffet was OK to above average.  Crab legs were mealy/rubbery. I love Bellagio's and haven't tried Wynn yet.- Rooms were regular hotel room size.  My favorite hotel is Mandalay Bay, which was what I was comparing to.- southwest airlines package included a $5 coupon off the buffet with our package but we couldn't use it because it was a "holiday" menu.  This is probably more an issue with Southwest...- small fridge in room would have been nice.- when we wanted light we turned on every light in the room and it was still dark.  It was probably for ambience but at that moment we wanted light.- like another reviewer said... The shirt of an actor was filled with stuffing and was in a glass box.  It was a little unsettling when I woke up staring at it.
3	The best part of my stay - running into Nelly at the south elevators! No, I didn't say "hi" and no we didn't take the same elevator but we did make eye contact and it was my first celebrity sighting! The Good:The hotel itself definitely caters to a younger crowd as it was made to look like a giant nightclub and there's party music blasting in the casino and elevators. It's also super convenient that the Miracle Mile (and Fat Tuesdays) is right downstairs. For a quick bite, check out the Earl of Sandwich. Affordable ($6.25 per sandwich) with good variety (salads, desserts, snacks, drinks) and the sandwiches are delicious. The location is pretty convenient, too, as it's pretty much in the middle of the strip.  The Not So Good: Unfortunately, there are a few random things that made my stay a little less than enjoyable. The big thing was that the door to our room was broken and we got locked out of our room every night. Management was semi-helpful but the fact that the problem was no resolved during our stay was very disappointing. Little things that bugged me: the bathroom door in our room did not lock, the beds and pillows were not comfortable, and the room did not have a coffee maker or a mini bar/fridge. Overall, I would have really liked staying here if we didn't have such a huge problem with the room door.
1	When your host says your rooms will be comped, I don't think that means you have to pay for the rooms.First off, that is completely misleading and false information.  And basically baiting someone to come.  Then, after you get there, they say oh the first night is comped by the rest isn't.  Well you already made plans to be in Vegas, what the hell are you supposed to do at midnight.  When the managers are conveniently out.  Well, you sign the paper acknowledging because the person at the front desk says the rate is negotiable and we can talk to our host about it.  FALSE.  The host changes his story and says, oh hey, it depends on how much you gamble.  Wait.  I thought we got the comped rooms cuz someone spent thousands gambling LAST time.  There was no contingencies or clauses that stated we must play a certain amount... shady Mc Shades.I'm pretty sure my friend, who booked the rooms, could win in a legal battle in court, you lying scumbag hotel.  He has all the phone conversations in digital la la land.  But alas, a couple hundred bucks is not worth the waste of time.  Me and my friends will go back to Palazzo and enjoy our sometimes (but never lied about) comped rooms there.   I will never come back here except to spit on the dirty management.  Is this how you run a business?  Idiot.P.S. The rooms are small.
3	We upgraded to the premier experience, but it wasn't really that exciting.  It's true, the rooms are quite dark.  The bathrooms, however, are huge!  With two sinks, both of us had our own pampering and make up station.  The shower stall was large for a shower stall but I prefer a bathtub shower combination.  And they offer you 500 SPG points if you refuse room service.  I like the bathrobes and the 3 bottles of water free per night.  Except the crappy part is that if you refuse room service you don't get your water bottles or shampoo or lotion.  I do find it convenient that the Miracle Mile shops are right there.  The hotel is also conveniently located on the strip.  For that reason, I would totally stay here again.  The casino is pretty stylish compared to the others on the strip.  They had a good amount of food places . My favorite this about this hotel was that the premier experience rooms had an iPod dock for an alarm clock and that made it so much more fun. But for NYE's we were paying premium price and I would have expected a lot more benefits, than just a free bottle of alcohol.
3	I've stayed at Planet Hollywood several times and have never had a bad experience. That said, like all properties, it has pros and cons.If you are driving, it's one of the worst hotels to stay in. For some reason when the Alladin remade itself as Planet Hollywood, they removed drive-in access from the Strip; you can only drive in from Harmon Ave. Self-park makes you walk all the way through the Miracle Mile Shops; Valet is typically clogged up and slow even when it isn't (though recently they've become a lot more friendly and flexible).However, if you're NOT driving, it's fantastically located just a walking bridge away from City Center and Bellagio, and walking distance to Paris, Ballys, Caesars Palace and Flamingo. Check in is on the level below the casino, and once you have your keys, you can take a nearby elevator straight to your room; no huffing bags through the casino. The standard rooms are about average size, with a good amount of space and lots of lighting options. Bathrooms have a glass shower stall (good water pressure),  separate deep soaking tub and private toilet. Beds are comfortable, there's a good sized desk and closets, flatscreen, and the rooms all have cute Hollywood artifacts. I'd rate them overall a strong 4 star level. I've also gotten to experience a couple of the suites, and they are honestly among the best around. Sleek, sexy, cool. The ones on the end of the hallway (forget the name) with curved windows, and a peek-through view from the spa tub are my favorite. Any of them would be a great choice for a bachelor party wkd--best views of Bellagio, City Center, and the Eiffel Tower.Of the dining here, my favorite for dinner would be Strip House, a solid steak house with sexy atmosphere (great bar, too). They make a fantastic burger, but you have to ask for it. Koi next door also has a great lounge, though it's not my favorite sushi on the Strip. On the casino floor, Earl of Sandwich (see seperate post) is one of the best bargains here. The coffee shop (forget the name) is also solid, but not cheap. And the center bar is comfortable and cool. Peepshow is the rare topless revue with actual talented dancers, some production value, and a story line. It's one of the best choices for couples in that regard, and hey: Holly Madison. Need I say more?Miracle Mile Shops are a decent mid-range mall, including H&M, Bebe, Ben Sherman, Frederick's, other fashion and some tourist shops. The Hawaiian-based ABC shops are a good call for travel needs/souvenirs at reasonable markups. There are a variety of moderate eateries here--the only one I've tried, the Italian trattoria across from V Theatre, was actually very reasonable and totally acceptable. The pool deck is nothing special--in fact, it's particularly unimpressive compared to most of the other Strip resorts of its size. I don't think I've ever seen the exercise room here, which probably means they charge too much to use it. They have a Mandara spa here with an almost ridiculous array of available services. The facility itself is large but needs updating. I think the nightclub Prive is in transition, so it's hard for me to comment; I love the space, but the last time I was there, I didn't love the music or the vibe.
4	I like Planet Hollywood, I think it's a good place for the price.  It's a Starwood hotel so we stay there for free on points, but looking at the actual price I still think it's good.  I've stayed there twice now.  There's a lot of young people here which makes it really fun, and I always feel comfortable when I come here, whereas when we pulled up at the Wynn they immediately asked if we needed help finding anything, like clearly we weren't staying there.  Also you can't beat the location.  You can walk to a lot of the main hotels on the strip, which is infinitely better than waiting in traffic for a million years.  Also if you are going somewhere far away, the cab line is never too long and moves fast.The decor is nice and the rooms are nice, bathrooms are nice.  The concierge is very helpful.   And the spice market buffet is one of the best so it's convenient to have that right in your hotel so you can wake up and go there without losing a lot of time out of your day.One thing is that the rooms are really dark, a lot of people have said that, so hopefully they will do something about it.  Another minor annoying point is that they are really pushing their PH Towers thing, so everywhere you go they ask you if you are 25 or married or various other questions to see if they should give you their pitch.The casino part isn't that big but the dealers are nice so it's good for someone like me who isn't super into gambling but likes to do it from time to time.  Also if you don't want to play in "The Pleasure Pit" where the dealers are dressed like the drink girls are in other hotels, there are regular dealers in the rest of the casino.
1	The hotel has been transformed from the Aladdin to Planet Hollywood, a member of the Starwood Group of Hotels.  I can see the casino and the hotel lobby has been transformed to the hilt.  The rooms, though, are not on par with the brandname of Starwood.  it's actually quite old and sort of changed to fit the Planet Hollywood theme.  I had the Star Trek room.  Meh...need more work to make the room a little better.  It was too dark, the lamp wasn't working, the bathroom had the old Aladdin handles still so it looks like a magic lamp!, there should be a more towels or more rugs for the bathroom floor 'cos it's slippery in there when you step out of the shower.  How do you get from the shower over to the sink counter without slipping?!?   The door handle to the room was shaky and not working very well.  Hopefully, Starwood will renovate some more in the rooms.
3	I stayed here because I am a Starwood Preferred Guest member. This was my first time to Vegas so I don't really want to compare it to other Vegas rooms. The rooms are not on par with SPG. As part of my trip, we toured other hotels (Venetian, Wynn) which were much nicer (and more expensive).There was nothing special about the room. A couple of little details really annoyed me: the batteries in the remote were dead, the tv settings were wrong and the picture was zoomed way in, unviewable, and locked ( from this, it seems like all I did was watch tv).  The internet was out when I got there and it was a pain tracking someone down on the phone for them to tell me to try again in an hour. Tried again in the hour and it was still down. When I was there, they charged a significant amount for 24 hours and only 24 hours. My time ran out 2 hours before checkout and I had to pay the full amount for another 2 hours. I don't think this would have bothered me if I was up from the casino, but (as most people are) I was wiped out as I was leaving. The bathroom was huge, which was nice, but there were no floor mats and the towels were across the room (its a big room). I showered and ended up flooding the floor. Small details really but annoying. I gave it a non-kids friendly rating because they were promoting their show (Holly Madison's Peep Show) everywhere. A lot of lifesize pictures of the ladies doing splits on the elevator doors. They're flexible.
5	I loved my stay at Planet Hollywood! Vallet is pretty good. Check-in took a while though. The rooms are so incredible, the bathroom looked like a mini spa, the beds are so comfy, i love it! The hotel is always alive with life so you really can't get bored. The gift store is kind of shady, but that's the only con I can really think of. Our hotel package included a free bottle of alcohol each night you stayed. I think we got skyy vodka both nights. Plenty of restaurants too.
4	We stayed here for my sister's bachelorette last July and we were fully satisfied! It was 6 girls into 2 beds which was perfect! Technically we were suppose to get 2 rooms but there's never a guarantee that they would be adjacent to each other. Also, the BATHROOM was HUGE! This was definitely A ++++ since 6 girls needed to get ready at the same time. The bathroom consisted of; a stand up shower, a bath tub to soak our feet and drinks but not at the same time of course and a private toilet ( which is definitely a must!). We didn't spend that much time in the actual room since there was not much lighting. I do like the different motifs though. Our room was the "Pulp Fiction" room which meant that we saw Samuel Jackson's face for 4 days! haha, Each night, we had complimentary bottle but we only drank one of the bottles because they gave you the Absolut Vodka and cheap champagne.. I mean, I wanted to get wasted but not too wasted...We also got into Prive for free but thank god we didn't get bottle service that weekend because the music, we just weren't feelin' it at all. Other than that, I would definitely book a room here again.
4	I liked the memorabilia in each room we got the "Coming to America" room. I also enjoyed the view we could see the Belagio's water show from our window.
4	much MUCH better then the first time we stayed here when it just switched from aladdin to planet! im glad i gave them another try.  so the girls and i got the "hollywood hip" room for one nite for 159+tax=180$.  that was a 2 queen non smokin room on the 17th floor. we also got comped a free bottle of liquor of our choice which was a $45 skyy vodka bottle + 40$ casino play & various other coupons.  the room was nice &biiiig w a 42" plasma for us to watch jersey shore while gettin ready & a bathroom with a tub, shower, seperate toilet & 2 sinks and vanity areas for us girls to get ready!+ they left us the paper & a bunch of OK magazines to readthe biG downer of the room is they need more lights!! the girls and i HATE dim rooms and there jus wasnt enough lights for us. plus the bathroom gets super stuffy/hot maybe because of TOO much light! another BLAH tho...one of the beds had some stains left on but it was 5am and we couldnt bother to call room service...that is a lil gross...haha but all in all enjoyed it =)
4	Considering it is Planet Hollywood, I wasn't expecting much. The mister and I went with my sister this weekend on a Sin City excursion.  Surprisingly, I haven't been to Vegas in over 4 years.  I couldn't get over how much more stuff they packed on the strip.  Crazy!As we went in search of hotel registration, I immediately noticed that the patrons of this hotel were on the younger side, late twenties and early thirties.  It reminded me a lot of the Hard Rock Hotel since they played a lot of cool songs overhead.  They even had a section in the casino called the Pleasure Pit that had Go-Go dancers entertaining the gamblers and young, cute female dealers in go-go looking outfits working the tables.  Only in Vegas. We finally found the hotel registration, it was downstairs from the casino.  It was past midnight and there were about 5 people ahead of us.  It took about 30 minutes to get to the desk...checking in shouldn't take that long.  In fact, when it was our turn, it only took about 5 minutes to register and get our keys...not sure if the other staff were slow or the people ahead of us were just clueless?  The lady at registration mentioned the free bottle of alcohol and I thought it would be one of those small ones you get on a plane...nope, it was a regular sized bottle of alcohol, my sister picked the rum. Nice!  We get to the room and I was expecting an average room, like the ones in New York, New York, but this room was pretty big and it had two sinks on opposite sides!  For girls, that is a huge plus.  The bathroom was actually bigger than some hotel rooms in Europe!  There was a flat screen t.v. and the main sleep area was plenty spacious.  They had decor from Oscar, so there were pics of Sly Stallone. I wished we could've had a Die Hard room, I used to love Bruce Willis.  As the previous reviewer mentioned, the only downside is the lighting in the room.  At night, it is really dark even with all the lights on.  There was only a small reading lamp on the desk, 1 lamp on the side table that was in the middle of the two beds and the lamp next to the armchairs.  Even the hallway light was very, very dim.  Also, they really need to have luggage racks and they should have used frosted shower doors.  I did like they provided complimentary bottles of water. The location of PH is awesome, it's right in the heart of the strip, so you can walk to many of the other casinos from this location.  Although they pretty much kept the structure of the Aladdin shopping area (some parts still have an Arabian architecture), they improved the layout so you can easily get to the casino from the strip. They have cool stores, eateries, clubs, and a show (Peepshow)...What else could you ask for? Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino was better than I expected.  I would definitely be a repeat customer.
2	My family and I stayed here for New Year's and I have to say that I was not impressed at all. The service is below average, the rooms are nice but there are some things that are off. E.G- they charge you $2 for boiling water! We got a suite and the bathroom doors don't have locks. We also had trouble with the room key many times and they were forced to comp us another night, but that is not even the reason for my bad review. Take my advice: Go somewhere else unless PH is much cheaper.
3	I enjoy this place because it has Prive, Miracle Mile Shops, and Krave. Planet Hollywood (formerly, Aladdin Casino) also has the best buffet on the strip. I haven't really gambled at this casino but I love almost everything else about it. Parking is easy and the shopping and nightclubs are great.
5	I have never stayed at this hotel before and boy have I been missing out.  First, when we walked into the lobby of the hotel I immediately noticed that it felt really clean.  This is because the lobby is not situated near the casino.  It is located on the first floor and the casino is on the second floor.  I will have to say that the individual who checked us is was not to nice or cheerful, I don't think he was enjoying his job that day!  When we got into our room we noticed that our room was decked out in movie memorabilia although I never heard of the movie (The boy who rode a dolphin) don't exactly remember the name!!!  oops  Anyways, I love the spaciousness of the room, we did not feel as if we had to stumble over eachother in order to walk around the room!!!  The first night we arrived we went down to the buffet cause we had a coupon!  I will tell you that this was the nicest buffet that I have been to.  The food was amazing and fresh!!  I would go back to this buffet in a heartbeat.The gambling at the hotel is pretty cool!  They have an area called the pleasure pit.  They have girls dancing on pools around the blackjack tables.  I know you might think that this is kind of sleazy but the girls that are dancing make sure to keep it "PG,"  I did not find it to be offensive.  Overall, our experience at this hotel was quite enjoyable and I know that I will be going back, real soon!!!!
3	This was my first trip to las vegas, and Planet Hollywood had the best to offer in our price range.  The hotel was nice, but could have used a much easier access from the parking garage to the hotel (long walk!).  Also, when we first arrived in our room, it hadn't even been cleaned!  It was after 7pm, and it was still dirty!  After trudging back down to the front desk, they offered us the same room with a slightly better view as compensation.The next morning the fire alarms went off from about  8:00-8:30 in the morning, and totally spoiled our breakfast.  I later threw up due in part to the migraine I got from the fire alarms.Besides those few things, everything else was pretty good.  I wouldn't mind staying here again, if I ever decide to venture back to Vegas.
1	The dealers and staff were very rude and unfriendly. Nobody wants to sit there and gamble when the dealers are a bunch of pricks to the guests.  I sat down and said hello to a few Dealers and they didn't say a word back. They did manage to check my ID 5 times (Each new Dealer that rotated in did this) and I'm 30 years old, and I'd been sitting there at the same table for over an hour. I could have done without that.The cocktail waitresses were vacant and did not go out of their way to deliver drinks on time nor were they very accommodating. Place looks nice but so do a lot of other casinos in Vegas. I'm taking my business elsewhere.
2	No Fank You.Hotel still has some Aladdin-ish to it. But I guess that really doesn't matter too much. The room was very very dark. 2 of the 5 lights weren't working. Bed was springy and not solid. Comforter was very very cheap material.Positives - large bathroom and good location from the strip.Parking - There's complimentary valet. BUT... it takes 20 minutes to get your stinking car when it'll take you just 5 minutes from your through the Miracle Mile to your car yourself. Not very efficient.The timeshare sales people really put a damper in our experience here. If you've been here you'll know what I mean."Hey guys! Where are you all from?""Let me see how I can get you a free show for this evening."The same line from all 12 people who stopped us in a span of 3 days. It's really not necessary. Will not be staying here again.
2	How is this a 4.5 star hotel?  Far from it.They offer free valet but it takes them 20-30 minutes to get you your car?I might as well walk my bags through their mall.  Would have been about the same time, less tip.  Rooms were okay, one of the lights didn't work.  Large restrooms though but thin walls.Plus, they have too many people chasing you down to look at their new timeshare hotel.  It's pretty annoying after the 10th time.
2	I was having a hard time figuring out how many stars I should be rating this place.  I suppose for the money, I could have given it 3, but these days the deals are all over, so I had to go with 2.The lobby and general areas of the hotel are nice.  It is also attached to the mall area, which is also handy.  The rooms though are "meh" at best.  First off, they are DARK.  With all the lights on, it was hard to see anything very well.  I'm all for places trying to hug trees and save on power, but this seemed a bit too far... or more likely poor planning.  The bed was OK.  I didn't spend much time in it, and when I did, it was more to just pass out... so I guess it was OK.  The bathroom had a nice big shower, but the tile was old and actually a little bit dirty (there is a star gone there).  There was a separate tub which looked nice, but did not look too comfy (not that I would want to jump into a Vegas tub period).  Otherwise, everything seemed fine... a bit old looking overall... but fine.The casino was decent.  The waitresses were nice an attentive, which is a big plus.  The regular dealers were hit and miss, but the "pleasure pit" dealers were good (and obviously not bad to look at).  This isn't a big casino, but had a decent feel and good music.  Overall we had a good time here.  Obviously not the glitz of Bellagio and the like, but it was fun for what it was.So, if you want to spend more playing games and less on hotels, and can get this place for a good deal, go ahead and stay here.  If there is a small price difference to the bigger spots though, I would say go elsewhere!
3	Totally fine.  We stayed in a comped room of some friends and it was clean and comfortable and A OK.  PH is located at a great spot on the strip.   Would we have chose to stay at PH if we were paying for it... no.  BUT having stayed there now...based on location and access to other places I'd definitley consider it for a girls trip.  The overall vibe of the place was not necessarily my thing... all sorts of frat boy-ish and newly 21-ers.I'd go elsewhere for a romantic trip with my husband, but for a casual spot, would certainly do Planet Hollywood.  This place is lacking in GOOD restaurants.  The casino is nice, the mall attached is good.
3	Room ..... 4 stars, kind of Funky and fresh with great views. I found a little bit weird that right above the hot tub was a picture of Fonzy from Happy days, kind of weird, I would have preferred Marilyn or SophiaFree bottle of Booze with every room....   5 starsPlanet Hollywood is so 2009Swimming pool...... 0 star, I fell like I was at a Motel 6. My advice is to stay at PH but go to a better poolThe club Prive was .....one star
1	If I could give this hotel zero stars I would!  I have stayed at many hotels in Vegas, from the Luxor to the Encore, and I would have to say this hotel was the WORST!  If your looking to stay at Circus Circus, this may be a step up, but I wouldn't know cause I've never stayed there.
1	FYI, Planet Hollywood recently joined Harrah's and is no longer a Starwood Hotel, so you can't stay here with Starwood points, and to that I say Boo!
5	Im giving this PLACE 5 STARS simply for the Buffet ALONE! While visiting Vegas I didn't stay in this hotel but heard from one of the locals this place had the best buffet on the strip hands down... needless to say I was not disappointed and left stuff to the brim and almost felt ashamed that we stayed and ate so much we could barely walk upon leaving.. but on second thought that's just what we came for! So if you're in Vegas and your looking for the king of Buffets look no further than PH!! Come hungry you'll leave happy.. I think I stole that from Ihop... =)
3	A couple things bothered me about this place1) 45 minutes to check-in at 10PM at night with only 3 employees working the counter2) no mini-bar inside the room3) Our view in the room was pretty much overlooking the roof of the attached mall4) They need more lighting in the roomI'll give an A-OK score to an A-OK hotel....Pricewise, you'll probably get a deal than staying at other hotels on the strip.
4	As my first time to Vegas, I really enjoyed this Hotel & Casino.  I thought that it was perfect for my age group (mid 20's).  After visiting many other casino's on the strip...I think our casino was definitely the hippest...and most fun! Double plus---Miracle Mile Shops!!  I can seriously see people not leaving the hotel!  It has so much to offer!  Our rooms were pretty decent...wish there was more lighting tho, room seemed dark...bathroom was amazing!!  I thought the hollywood movie theme to each room was cute too.  The free bottle of premium vodka was a plus and saved us a good $45! Wish we had a coffee maker in the room tho. The location on the strip is perfect.  I feel like it's in the heart of the strip, right across the street from the new City Center.  I would recommend this hotel definitely!! I feel as if all the hotels in Vegas will put any normal hotel to shame.  Hard to be really disappointed! :)
4	First off, I am giving this 4 stars because it fits my demographic perfectly. If you are twenty Something or early thirties, On a budget- yet have enough money for shopping and trip to Vegas, this may be for you. Seriously, I felt like I was in a sea of people all my own age! A refreshing change from the 40 and 50 year old gambling crowd that you get at many casinos- though of course there is some of that here too- but certainly still a younger crowd.This hotel features trendy decor in the rooms with Hollywood themes (mine was the movie Aliens and Bill Paxton was inside my coffee table!). Convienence is also key because PH is almost smack in the middle of the strip, affording opportunities to explore on foot (especially the exciting new city center, which has two awesome clubs so far, Haze and Eve). I didn't take note of any fine dining opportunities as the group I was with wanted to go to PF Chang's China Bistro, however, I got the feeling that this hotel was not built for fine dining compared to say, The Wynn, Bellagio, Mandalay Bay or MGM... It is much smaller than other Vegas resorts and consequently does not house a major theatrical production on the scale of Cirque Du Soliel. This is a great place to spend a weekend in Vegas if you want easy access to the clubs, a place to crash, and perhaps meet an attractive someone in the Casino.
4	Good hotel, good Price. As of this review the hotel gives you a bottle of good liquor for your stay. Not a bad deal if you book your room through a special promotion or a discount website. The rooms were pretty nice. And even at a discount booking we got a room with a nice view. No complaints. All good.
3	This would have been a 4 star review were it not for the fact that you feel like you're walking thru the Cabo or Cancun airports the second you try to walk inside. There are at least 3 or 4 nested people at each door who try to stop you and say "are you staying here? Do you want to see the shows? Want tickets? Are you stupid?" Maybe not that last one, but that's how they make you feel. Really? Are the shows doing that bad that they have to keep asking? I had someone chase me down as I walked to the bathroom trying to sell me tickets. ugh!We got there around noon, which was several hours before check-in, but they still let us check in withoout any trouble. Our room was good. We finally got the king size we always ask for. AC worked, bathroom was nice and big. Our room theme was Sister Act 2, which was kinda weird. Made it hard to do certain things under the watchful gaze of nuns :)
3	When will Yelp let us do 1/2 star reviews???? If I could give a partial star Planet Hollywood would be a solid 3.5 Stars.  The Good:  1) Location!!!! Right near the new City Center, across from Bellagio and adjacent to the Miracle Mile Shops - Score!2) The Rooms - OK they won't knock your socks off, but they are clean, roomy and decorated nicely.  The added Hollywood memorabilia is just  fun twist to the room. I also like the large bathroom with the soaking tub - I took 3 bubble baths!!!3) Check in - I worried based on other yelper reviews, but we literally walked up at noon on Thursday (3 hours before check in) and were greeted with a friendly staff who check us in and sent us on our way in less than 10 minutes.  Plus we got the free bottle with your stay deal - which was a great plus.  They also gave us a lot of coupons to use in the casino and we used quiet a few - surprisingly. 4) Size - PH is a smaller casino and that makes it easy to maneuver.  I could easily find the elevators, the shops, the lobby and the doors without feeling trapped or lost (like I always do at Caesars!).  5) Decor - I loooove the fun decor at PH.  It is hip and fun and the changing LCD lights keeps the place lively.  Plus the addition of the Pleasure Pit gives the casino a younger feel.  6) Shopping - The Miracle Mile shops are a great place to get a coffee or do a little retail therapy. The bad: 1)  The ticket sellers/timeshare people: OMG how many frikken people need to accost you during your stay at PH.  It was out of control.  It actually is one of the main reasons I dropped my star rating.  At every door there are people selling tickets and positively step in your way to get your attention.  I seriously wanted to hit some of them.  Rude, annoying, and totally made the casino seem low rent.  2) The room: I liked out room, but a couple things would make it better.  For one, it is very dark, but i think part of that is dark woods and purple decor.  Also, why have a huge soaking tub with no jets?  Same with the sink area, why have an area that can accommodate two sinks and only have one?  3) I don't usually go to the players club with my husband, but did twice on this occasion and they were not terribly friendly and honestly at times totally unhelpful.  Maybe that will change with Harrah's buying the casino.  Overall I would stay at Planet Hollywood again, but I wouldn't make a point of it.  It is a nice location and decent hotel, but it probably won't wow you.
4	Great memories from years ago.My first time here was when I spent 10 days when it was Aladdin. I know this is an all new place and now with a new name but I still get the same feeling when it was Aladdin.Huge shopping area but nothing special. Casino is nice but not much luck here.The Spice Market Buffet is one of the best in Vegas.
4	Such a fun hotel!  I think our room here was a little bigger than when we stayed at the Bellagio.  Our room had a statue of Elvis... or a mannequin in Elvis' clothes... I can't remember if we paid more or if it was a standard room or not, but I loved it.What I really really like about this hotel though is the Miracle Mile Shops.  I didn't pack enough clothes... well, didn't bring a dress to go out in (I could have sworn I packed it).  RIght downstairs, I found a dress, some jeans (for later), and a purse!  LOL... I guess this could be a good thing AND a bad thing.OH... they have Earl's!  OMG... sooooo good!  Best sandwiches I've ever had in my life!One night when I was staying at the Bellagio, I went to club XS at the Wynn... went back to Bellagio and was starving!  Unfortunately, none of the shops at my hotel were still open and quick and easy, so I crossed the street to Planet Hollywood and my beloved Earl's was open (so was Starbuck's!).  How convenient, right?The night life here is cool too.  I liked the club Prive' when I stayed here in September, but you don't even need to go to the club to have a good time.  The lounges played great music and people were dancing there and having a great time.  I much rather would have just hung out at the lounges here than go to the overcrowded XS... Anyway... I think its a great hotel and so so so convenient.  LOVED it!
4	One of my favorite hotels in Vegas - right on the strip. Really energetic atmosphere, great service. We at the spice market buffet - it was better than the one at the Rio, but not a 'must do' or anything. They are running a 20% off sale in April and May (only checked those dates) on easyclicktravel.
3	Cool funland.  I like the fact when I'm playing tables, great classic rock tunes are on.  The decor is very nice and its not full of idiots.  The rooms do suck though and really small, so stay at the Aria.  Its primo and you can walk over to PH.
1	Just horrible. I wish I could give it NO STARS! I never stayed here but my friends and I were thinking about staying here during July 4th weekend. I received a coupon FROM the hotel with 25% for reservations done for May&Beyond. I called Planet Hollywood to get a actual total of the stay and deposit since their website doesn't give you a total but a estimate total..i should had known to look else where when I saw that lol. Anyway, the rep told me the price of the weekend we're going etc. So this morning, bright and early I call in to make my reservation and they tell me the coupon code I had, expired two weeks ago. I was like wtf! Let me speak with a manager because no where ON THE EMAIL does it say the offer expires (like the other hotels) and the rep who I spoke with 2 1/2 weeks ago never told me to call in before a specific time because the offer expires soon or else I would had done that. I asked to speak with a manager and he was no help.He just said sorry but the rep doesn't have to give me that information! WTF! are they serious? 1st off I've worked in customer service before that that jus sounded like a bunch of bullshit (excuse my french) and 2nd I'm a college student! Ima lil smarter then he thinks! That was some of the stupidest ish I heard all day and its only 9am lol. But seriously, Im so disappointed in Planet Hollywood and their scandalous ways! Of course if I knew it expired on a specific date, I woulda just made the reservations right then and there! smh...Due to this unfortunate situation, I have decided to go else where with my reservation and actually gota good rate! (Go MGM GRAND!) I never stayed at MGM either but I've been inside and love it and their buffet is AWESOME! Anywho, Planet Hollywood, Ill come visit you guys when we come to vegas to eat and gamble and drink of course but I'll never EVER attempt to make a reservation here! You played me big time!
4	Stayed at Planet Hollywood this past weekend for my brother's wedding! I work for Starwood. Hotel was very helpful arranging rooms for all our family to stay. Unfortunately they were placed no where near each other but was still convenient to have most everyone in one place rather than spread out across the strip! Had to get used to the smoking in the hotel, woke up each morning feeling like I couldn't breathe! My parents hosted the rehearsal dinner in banquet space on the Mezz level. Gabby was super helpful assisting in organizing! Hopefully helping to prepare Dad with a little preview of what planning MY wedding might be like! ;) Over one hundred people attended. The space was beautiful and the food was delicious! Mom always worries about having enough food but wasn't a problem! My only complaint would be that we asked the banquet manager about a group of us, maybe ten to fifteen, going to the club on property after and despite having spent over ten thousand on dinner and booking a block of over twenty rooms, he said there was nothing he could do regarding waiving the cover. I work for a hotel, there is ALWAYS something you can do. But I realize Vegas is a different world.  We made other arrangements. But overall everyone enjoyed themselves and felt the value for the room/ location was good! Thanks ph for helping to make the weekend a success!
4	i love this Planet Hollywood.  I felt like I have found the majority of where the youth that travel to vegas stay. I stayed here last July and I had a good time.  Everyone was real nice.  There where tons of people that was around my age (mid 20's).  Not that I'm baggin on older people but I just feel more in a "hip spot" when i'm at planet hollywood.  Club Prive (Prime Club of Planet Hollywood) is my favorite club.  They take it easy with all the fist pumpin music which i like.  I can no longer stand people imitating the Jersey Shore fist pump, people done killed it.  But hey, it guess wutever it takes for you to have fun : ). I really liked how there where go-go dancers around the casino, they where all 10's too...woohooo!I really suggest the hotel, it's right across the street from the city center if u wanna check out their crazy architecture.
3	Please note: I have never stayed here, but I have spent NYE and several weekends on strip and somehow always end up at PH.  The ladies room is one of those fully stocked where the attendant gives you soap & your paper towel. You also have a choice of fragrances and VS lotions and potions. And even cigarettes. I quit in May but I just had to have weekend before last. I would say this casino has the younger crowd, I love one of their lounges they play the best latin music. Its kind of near the pleasure pit. now the heart bar kinda sucked. We went there once and were just trying to see the end of the colts game back in football season and the girl said i'm sorry you need to order at least 2 drinks each if you want to see the rest of the game. I've never been told that in a casino before. otherwise they would have gotten 4 stars. there was 1 min. left in the game. I would have gone back if she hadn't said this. ah well, PH, you win some, you lose some. But personally, its better to be nicer to locals since they will be back sooner than tourists. ah well...
4	I wish they had 1/2 stars. This place is right about 3 1/2 stars Location: Not bad right in the middle of the strip. It's a close walk to Paris, Bellagio, Caesar's & the Aria across the street. Our room had a wonderful view of the fountains at the Bellagio. Check in: Just don't get there at check-in time. We got there straight up at 3pm and line was about 30-40 groups deep. It took about a hour to get checked-in and the line actually was moving faster then I thought it would. The front desk staff was nice & helpful. Room: It's "larger". We stayed in a resort room and it's a little bigger than the normal rooms...bigger floor space & two sinks in the bathroom. Our room had the Chariots of Fire them...which was a little dated. The layout of the room is odd and the TV (which didn't move) was on the left wall so you really had to watch TV from an odd angle if you were laying in bed. The shower was GROSS...there was A LOT of soap scum and you can tell in the nooks that this place is pretty dated. Casino: It's a smaller casino floor but I like that it's more manageable and you can get to your room easily. There was the "pleasure pit" if you wanted to see girls on poles dance while you played the tables and pretty much on weekends after 11pm...every table/pole seem to have a girl on it. Food/Shopping: One of the better things about this place a good mall and some decent food places that won't kill your wallet. Overall: I would stay here again with friends since it seems pretty affordable for all. If I went to Vegas with just the hubby we might pick a little nicer hotel just to try something different.
3	This was the first time I stayed at this hotel and I didn't really like it.We got a suite upgrade after they momentarily lost our luggage, but it was basically a nice view. Don't get me wrong! I love the view, but I think we need more space than anything.The room was average sized and the bathroom was nothing spectacular. The toilet ran randomly and was noisy.The thing I hated the most about this hotel was the layout of the casino. Even though we were there for more than a weekend and had been in and out multiple times of the day, we would still have trouble finding our way around. We had to keep looking for things that led us back to our room or to the casino or to the outside. It was so annoying. I hated how there was not direct path to the outside. I've been there so many times before. I guess I never realized it until I had to stay at the hotel.
4	I was decently impressed by Planet Hollywood, the hotel portion. We got a pretty good rate and the quality of the room itself was better than some of the other hotels on the strip, but obviously not the greatest. I liked that the room was spacious. Ours was a standard room with 2 beds. The bathroom has a tub and a shower stall and the toilet has its own door which is nice when you're sharing with a lot of people. Location-wise PH is okay. It's a little far from hotels like the Wynn, but it was conveniently close to Aria. It's kinda give and take with the strip, right, you can't be close to everything! If you're into shopping then PH is perfect because the miracle mile shops are right there. Their food choices are also pretty good because there's an Earl of Sandwich (cheap, awesome sandwiches and soups), Pink's hot dogs (an LA native's fave, although I've actually not eaten at the Vegas one), and there's a Fat Tuesday (definitely an essential)!I do have a couple of complaints about PH, though. The room lighting was really scarce. They were missing a few lamps in there. With 8 girls trying to do hair and makeup at once, finding a well-lit corner of the room was quite difficult to do. And why is their parking garage soooo far. It felt like we were the only ones carrying luggage through the entire miracle mile, but I'm guessing others had to do it. Sorry I'm not really one to valet, and that was a pain to get to the check-in lobby area. Ugh, and that check-in line seemed to take a decade. We checked in around 8pm-ish, so I wouldn't expect a crowd, but it still took a long time. What's with that?? Overall they might've gotten 3 stars, but they did give us a free bottle with each room (they didn't really skimp either - Skyy and Seagram's, I think it was). Sweet, 4 stars it is :]
4	I love staying at Planet Hollywood! It's my favorite hotel in Vegas.The hotel itself is always clean. Rooms are very nice (good beds), and we've never had an issue getting our room cleaned.The location on the strip is pretty central. I've stayed at MGM before, and I love MGM, but it's nice to be closer to the middle of the strip.Restaurant selection is good for quick bites. I like Planet Dailies for breakfast, as well as PF Chang's for a quick bite or the Earl of Sandwich. If you're into buffets, Spice Market is top notch!One of my very favorite reasons for staying at Planet Hollywood is the mall! It's convenient to get some liquor or drinks there without getting raped at the PH gift shops. I also like to eat breakfast there, since it's WAY cheaper than anything in the hotel.Someone had noted if you're driving in and parking your car, you have to walk through a large part of the mall to get to the hotel, which is true, and kind of a pain. I have also had a hard time figuring out where things are at PH. It seems like the main casino floor is set up in a circle, and I've never really figured it out. Luckily, I always go with my husband, who seems to know where he is going.Great hotel, this is where we prefer to stay in Vegas!
1	Terrible Service from Beginning to End!Pay an extra $50 and head to the BellagioQuick summary.60 mins to check in at 100amNo room reservationTransferred to TowersWrong room type - One king bed with a pull outArgued with front desk attendant and finally convinced us to give us another room --Got to bed at 345am and didn't even get to the gambling floorNext night had to transfer back to Casino/ResortWaited in line again for 45 minsThree weeks later I have a room charge from both Hotels!
3	I've had the chance to stay at PH on several occasions, in both the regular rooms and the huge suites.  The hotel has a hip, glitzy vibe going on.  It's decorated in a sleek and modern fashion.  The rooms are spacious but not as big as Venetian's or Palazzo's.  The suite on the other hand was huge with all the amenities, 3 flatscreens, billiards table, 3 bathrooms, bar area, separate dining area, etc.  I like that there's a mall attached to the casino.  There's been a couple of times were I forgot to pack something and had to run downstairs and over to Sephora, Steve Madden, or H&M.  I also love that there's a Starbuck's in the casino since I always need my daily latte fix.  My two biggest gripes about PH is that I don't get cell phone reception (a lot of people don't) downstairs in the lobby and valet area and that valet always takes forever, sometimes 20-45 minutes.  I've gotten to the point where I self park in the mall and just walk through.  I did have one unusually bad experience at PH.  In one weekend, our room's TV broke, toilet broke, there was glitter all over the carpet (as if housekeeping totally skipped vaccumming), and crumbs in the bed (resulting in a rash all over when we got home, I hope they were crumbs).  Another weird thing I noticed about this hotel is little things break easily.  Once, I touched the bathroom door handle and the thing fell off in my hand.  I hung a dress on the edge of a chair and the end of it fell off.  Little things but notable, so dock a star.  Also, there's no pool.Anyway, I like this hotel.  It's not my favorite but I'd still stay here if I got a good deal.  Be sure to sign up for the player's card and they keep sending you all types of good deals on room rates, show tickets, and dining coupons.
5	I would just give this place 5 thank you jesus stars for not letting me do the walk of shame home on the strip. I didn't have any money to get back to my Hotel and so they hooked it up with a limo to escort me back. BALLIN homie!But what I can tell you is that the rooms are comfy and I love the decorations in the hotel. It is located at a pretty prime spot on the strip. Next time I am def. staying at Planet Hollywood.
3	Poker review:they have low limit poker here (1-2 nl texas holdem)the action is ok on the weekends because of the tourists.  It's a small area with 2-4 tables going.  Not too impressive.
4	Friends and I stayed here for a two night weekend and enjoyed every bit of it.  Even though we didn't get the room we wanted (Hollywood Hip room with 2 queens), they were able to accommodate us in a bigger room with 1 king and a roll in bed (for no extra cost) which was very cool.Overall, the hotel is nice, rooms are hip, and they have the miracle mile shops which was awesome.  If I were to do it all over again, I'd get the Resort Room with the view of the strip.
5	We went about two weeks ago, so it was spring break season... First I have to say I love the complementary valet! We went to check in and were told that they were over booked, but because we had pre-booked with a CC and were paid in full, we would get courtesy upgrade.  We just expected a little bigger room, uuuhhhh no, they put us on the private floor in a suite!  This is the second time we have stayed at PH and it will not be the last, it will be our first pick.  Not just because of the nice upgrade, it is a great place.  I recommend it for sure!
3	I had a really fun weekend at Planet Hollywood- I love the decor, etc., did some good gambling... but I have some gripes. 1) My room was dirty!  The beautiful huge bathtub had someone else's hair in it- and I kept hoping each day it would be cleaned so I could use it, but never was :(. The room was very dusty, and the bedspread was sloppily thrown on the bed. The toilet only flushed half the time and the bathroom light looked like it was only half installed. :( :(2) The ATM/ticket cash in machines were all broken or out of cash!I got the room for a very reasonable price, but would certainly stay somewhere else if it ensured a clean room.  Aside from the room, almost everything else was great!
1	This was the worst place I went to. They had pushy rude staff. No players club to speak of, drunk people stumbling into everyone, they naked women were like 50 and not at all thin oh and did I say they were rude and pushy. They really wanted to sell me a drink, not a norm for casino's and it smelled and was loud as HE-- -
4	PROSModern, remodeled rooms.Reasonably and somewhat cheap rooms. Comfy PillowsGreat location.There is a mall in the hotel.A lot of people, but not too many. Good amount.$40 free gaming credit (if you are staying for multiple nights, sign up each night under other people's names, so that you get $40 per night)Other couponsFree bottle of alcohol (decent stuff too)No resort feesCONSReally long check in.Extremely rude night housekeeping staff (asked for shower gel, reply was "we don't have that." our reply, "but we have some with PH in our room"...silence...)Lack of $10 tables during the day time.No real poker room, so you end up smelling very strongly of smoke since people just have to step on the other side of the ropes.Very slow drink service. One girl even gave our drink away.Parking area really far from the lobby. I wish I had known about the free valet.
5	It was my first time to Vegas.  Five years in LA, it was time.  My roommate and I decided to be fun and spontaneous (rather than our planned-in-advance selves) and just book a room and go.  And we did just that! (this has nothing to do with the hotel, I just wanted to introduce the story) okay, so you've got that we were excited.We booked a room for a really cheap deal, it was like $58 each for one night, which seemed reasonable.  When we got to the hotel on Saturday late afternoon we walked right up to the desk, no line.  Well, at first we wondered through a mall trying to find the casinoo--but that's another story.The front desk woman said that because we were only there for one night they were upgrading us to a suite. "hmm, cool," I thought.We walked down our hallway, door after door after door, and all of a sudden two huge black doors with OUR room number on it appear.  'This can't be right,' I thought.  But instead I jammed that key card in the reader and turned that handle as fast as I could to get inside (in fear they might realize they had made a mistake and the suite wasn't supposed to go to the two goobers oogling over double doors.)  Inside was a living room--a living room!! FOOSBALL TABLE INCLUDED. (if you know me, you'll understand that has awesome written all over it) plus couches, chairs, 3 huuuge tvs!! two bathrooms!! and a view looking out at the bellagio.  oh man, this was just bomb.com (I think I can use that expression cause it's vegas, right??)After screaming and jumping for joy for about a whole 7 minutes, we decided to get ready to go out on the town---actually we really stuck to a few slot machines and roulette tables...but you get the jist. planet hollywood, you rock.  maybe not your restaurants, but your hotels get lots o' gold stars from me!! First vegas experience--success.
4	We recently stayed at Planet Hollywood for an entire week. This was our second time staying in Las Vegas, but the first time we stayed at MGM Grand. If I had not had one of the biggest best hotels in the world to compare to, I probably would have given PH 5 stars.We arrived late on a Wednesday night (around midnight local time), and were just about the only people in line to check in (although every time we walked through the lobby during our stay, the wait to check in was very very long, and we were glad about our late check in). The clerk at the desk was very friendly - She gave us several books of coupons that we did end up using during our stay, and was willing to waive their $5/day resort fee that we should have paid. We also booked a special in which they hooked us up with a free bottle, which we were able to redeem right away in the gift shop right in the main lobby.... Sweet!When we got up to our room on the 27th floor, we were pleasantly surprised to see a gorgeous view & a comfortable, clean room. I was impressed with the size of the bathroom - I love having a lot of space to get ready. I love the central location of this hotel on the strip - It's like you're half way between everything! Overall, everything was very pleasant for our stay - We'd definitely stay here again!
4	I stopped by this Casino after my City Center and Belliago visit since it's across the street from the Belliago and i actually like this Casino, first thing i walked in went to the Total Rewards center to ask if my Harrah's card was still valid here the guy asked me for it and stupid me i left the card in my bag at the room ok so he said no problem i gave him my id and he verified everything and printed me a new card simple and easy thumbs up to that. So i played a bit then walked around and walked around the shopping area i also give thumbs up to the shops lots to see. Next time i'll need to try some of the food places lol.
3	We stayed the weekend at Planet Hollywood.  We arrived on Thursday afternoon around 3pm and the check in line was not long.  But on Friday around the same time it was HUGE.  There was a good hour wait or so for our friends.  The lobby is very dark, as is the case with the rest of the hotel.  The hallways are very dark, and the inside of the room is not well lit.  The bathroom lighting was decent though.  The toilet worked randomly and took forever to fill up.  If anyone nearby flushed the toilet or took a shower, there was a deafening roar in the bathroom, and it was enough to wake you from a sleep in the next room.  I shut the bathroom doors which helped a little.  We were on a non-smoking floor but that didn't stop anyone from smoking.  We asked to move rooms after we were stuck next to some jerks that spit on the walls, kicked newspapers up and down the hall, smoked, and fought with each other all night.  The staff accommodated us well with our request.I didn't like getting ambushed by the people trying to sell you PH condos or whatever they are doing.  They try to rope you in with free tickets to things or game credit if you go see their new towers.  They nail you coming right out of the check-in line, which I thought was pretty amateur.The bed was decent and the room was clean.  There was a nice flat screen TV if you have time to watch it.  Each room has a theme with movie props in it, which was kind of cool.  The air conditioning was not working well in either of our rooms.  It seemed to be blazing hot or freezing cold, and could never quite get a nice temperature.The casino was nice with plenty to do.  We hung out at the sports bar to watch some games.  The Earl of Sandwich shop has very good hot sandwiches for great prices.  There is a Starbucks right in the casino if you are into them, but if you walk out into the Miracle Mile shops there are a couple of other coffee shops very close by.  The buffet was pretty good but not as good as others on the strip.  It was around $25 a person, but there were plenty of choices to eat.  It was lacking on the seafood front however.We are in our late 30's and decided we want to find somewhere more our speed.  I feel old, but when I go to my room I want to get away from the commotion for a little while, not listen to techno music blasting through the paper thin walls from the room next door.  If you are into a non-stop party 24/7 you might like it.  If you want a little peace in between your other adventures, I would look elsewhere.
3	If I could give half stars, Planet Hollywood would get 3.5 stars.The boyfriend and I stayed here on a Friday night and while it didn't totally suck, we probably won't be staying again since its not really our scene. The PH is a total party hotel and a mostly 20 to 30-something crowd. There's always loud club music playing in throughout and the whole place has a general Hollywood Club feel. Awesome if you're into that sort of thing but the bf and I are more of the laid-back, dive bar type.The parking structure is behind the Miracle Mile shops with the casino/hotel attached to the other side of the mall, which means that you have to walk through the mall, into the casino and down a level to get to check-in. Quite a hike but not as terrible as I expected from reading other reviews.  As others have said, check in was pretty crazy. We arrived on a Friday at 1:30pm and decided to check in early. The line was already long and we waited about 20-25 minutes before even getting to check in. While long check-in lines are kind of the norm in Vegas, this was excessive, especially for 2 hours before actual check-in started. Once we got to actually check-in, the front desk girl checked us in while barely even talking to us and then gave us our key without saying anything about the free bottle we were supposed to get with the 'Drinks on Us' package that we booked. When we mentioned it, she said that we weren't booked for that and there was nothing we could do about it since it was booked through Hotels.com. Then, she refused to help any further since I forgot the booking number. Finally, after a few minutes of my searching my email on my phone unsuccessfully, she went and spoke to her manager and informed me she was giving me the special as if she was doing me some huge favor [hello, its called customer service - its your job, bitch]. The special is basically a coupon that you take to the gift shop and exchange for your choice of Skyy Vodka, Sauza Tequila or 2 mediocre wines [all "valued" at $40 or more according to PH but about $20-25 at any regular store].The room is nice - we had a Hollywood Hip on the 7th floor overlooking some patio by the pool. Our room had a Bruce Lee theme, pretty cool as far as room themes go - I was a bit worried that we might get a horror theme, lol. The bed itself was fairly comfy but the pillows were SO uncomfortable...they were down pillows [I think] but not fluffy - more like the old, lumpy down - it had huge lumps that wouldn't flatten out with any amount of shaking/fluffing. The bathroom is huge and awesome with an actual hair dryer instead of the wall-mount kind and the shower had killer water pressure with a separate water-jet tub that we didn't get to try but wish we had.The casino is pretty cool, lots of fun lights everywhere and good slots/table games. There's a 'Pleasure Pit' area with bikini-clad dancers dancing on a runway type thing in the middle. There's also the 'Heart Bar' the center which is kind of a club lounge that has a dj playing at night. Overall, it was nice, but a bit more club-y than we're into and we got kind of over the constantly bumping club music [no variety, all club music].Miracle Mile shops were the shit - besides the fact that there are some awesome stores, there's a Fat Tuesday and you can drink in the mall and go in 90% of the stores with your booze - makes for looser spending and a boyfriend that is a lot happier to walk around shopping with you - every woman's dream! I will say though that the mall is not as big as I expected but still awesome.The food was alright though we tried Earl of Sandwich, which a lot of reviews mention, and didn't really like it. The sandwiches were alright but not nearly as spectacular as we expected and not somewhere we would ever eat again.Overall, the PH is cool and just the place to go if your into the hipster party scene and looking to club it up the whole time you're there. If you, like us, are more into the laid back dive bar scene, this isn't really the place for you.
2	Been coming here for over a decade, first when it was Aladdin.  Stayed there again this week for 3 nights, deluxe suite with a fountain view.  View was great, too bad they have given up on maintenance altogether in the rooms.....Shower //  mold all over the floor for 3 daysShowerhead // dangling off the wall and very moldy tooBathtub //  huge, but extremely dirrrrrtyyyyyyy!All interior elevator doors //  puke and whatever else stainedComforters // badly stainedCasino is fun, miracle mile is good, but why stop maintaining your property????  That will be our last time staying ......
2	This place is cheesy. After a recent stay I will look elsewhere. It's got themed rooms with generic replicas of props behind a glassed frame.  It's basically still the Aladdin with a new facade in front.  I know it glitters but it's in a unfinished part of the strip and it just has a isolated and deserted feel to it.
3	This is a decent place to stay. We had a friend of a friend hook us up with a rate on a room. We stayed on about the 24th floor with a spectacular view of the fountains at the Belagio, 59.00 for the night, including taxes. Need I say more. The lower than average rating is due to the size of the room. Had 2 queen beds(awsome bedding) could barely walk around the 3 sides of the bed. Room would have been small with one bed. Too much movie memorabilia, Shawshank room. The beauty of this place lies in the proximity to my favorite bar in Vegas, the heart bar in the casino at planet Hollywood. Would stay there again but would never pay more than what we did.
4	We just finished our annual "Bachelor Party without a Bachelor".  Seven of us from elementary and middle school made the trip this year.  For the past 6 or 8 years, we always stayed at Bally's.  It was cheap, on the strip and had a big enough suite for us to kick back and hang.  Last year was the final straw.  The place was old and tired and the Sports Book was closed on Final Four weekend.Planet Hollywood was a huge step up in quality but still reasonably priced.  Fabulous location on the strip.  Our suite was huge, decorated with Hollywood memorabilia, 180 degree windows overlooking Paris's Eiffel Tower and the fountains at Bellagio.The place is laid out quite well.  They have lots of casino space, a groovy "Pleasure Pit" area with lingerie clad dancers, and a vibe similar to Hard Rock.  Oh, the pool area rocked!!As we collectively flipped off Bally's from the window, we realized our money goes to the same Harrah's Corp., but wadda-ya-gunna-do?
5	I really love this hotel!!! And I'll break it down for you, as easy as possible, as to why it's great to stay here.1. Location, location, location - It's kinda in the middle of the strip which is PERFECT. If you've been to Vegas, you know that although hotels are right next to each other, each hotel is 5+ street blocks in a regular city!2. Shop til you drrrrrrrroooooooopppppppppp - There's all kinds of shops right in the hotel. Even the every present Hawaii staple, ABC Store, is in the hotel. 3. Foodies must eat - My favorite wrap place, Tacone, is here =) I've Yelped about it! Pink's Hot Dog is, also, here which is perfect because it's the only place outside of LA where you can samps the infamous dog! They also have Blondies which is a great sports type bar...perfect for NBA post season (GO CAVS!!!)4. The rooms - I stayed here when they first renovated it years ago; and I was so impressed! From the Aladdin to the modern and luxurious PH that it is now =) Flat screen tvs in all rooms and pretty spacious.
3	Normally I have an aversion to all things carrying a Planet Hollywood label, but it seems the former Aladdin has done a remarkable transformation into its semi-new posh look.  The Los Angeles glam and glitz theme is perfectly executed, with the property looking its best and brightest at night.  Most folks who knew the Aladdin well are sure to be impressed at the significant upgrades from the rooms to the casino.By far the biggest changes have been in their beautiful casino, gorgeous bars / lounges, and the upgraded mall now known as the Miracle Mile (formally the Desert Passage).  Cheesy, but most definitely "LA" is the Extra Bar & Lounge where the show Extra is actually filmed at least once a week.  I've seen Mario Lopez doing his thing during my last few visits, I seem to forget how short he is practically every time.Without a doubt, the most impressive interior changes have been made to its casino.  The abundant tables with the chic dealers do a good job of allowing their patrons to enjoy their surroundings.  Poker players are sure to like the decent sized Poker room, however, PH doesn't run many poker events as often as they do other house rated games. I could be wrong on this, but it doesn't seem that their craps tables are rated on odds, resulting in better comps for bigger players.  Their A+ program seems to be pretty good and previous Aladdin players can resume their statuses from past play.  One thing that I wish they'd improve on is the ventilation on the casino floor, its a little too smoky on the weekends.So what's the deal with the rooms?  The larger suites and some of the standard rooms are still sporting the Aladdin decor, which are all going to be finished sometime this year.  The regular rooms (Hollywood, Deluxe, etc.) are tiny and are 400 sq ft at best.  That's solid for a Manhattan studio but not fabulous in Las Vegas.  The big suites on the other hand (Panarama, Fountain Views, Boulevard etc) are fantastic with plenty of space (1500 sq ft +) and usually sport a great view.Service all around is fairly good.  From the folks at the front desk to the executive staff running the joint to even the bartenders at the lounges, everyone has been sporting a smile without a snotty LA attitude (thank goodness this theme aspect never carried over).Since the PH takeover, the demographic for this casino property went from senior citizen level to extremely young.  There are more youngins frequenting this joint more than ever, attracted by the trendy glow of its LA theme with potential celebrity sightings given their constant publicity (Pageants, concerts, Extra airings, shows, etc.).  The younger generation could use some better nightlife, Prive is a disappointment and their lounges can get boring once the eye candy wears thin.
4	We went to Vegas for a bachelor party and stayed here 4 days/3 nights. The hotel and casino is definitely catered to a younger crowd (which I like). The rooms were nice, clean, and contemporary.The reason why I like Planet Hollywood a lot is because..1. It's located right in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip.2. The shopping center had stores that were more of my style and price range (H&M, Metro Park, DC Shoes, Gap, etc.)3. The rooms were decently priced4. The fact that I won money here is a plus as well!
4	Nice place to stay and play.  It's at a great spot on the strip, directly across from the City Center.  Their Mile of Shops is a hit, especially for my wife.  We tend to win here.  I'm sure anyone would love this place.  Harrah's not owns is, so use your players card if you play.
1	DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL IF YOU ARE OVER 25 YEARS OF AGE!I stayed at the Planet Hollywood Hotel on April 18-21. It was the most miserable hotel experience that I have ever had. Firstly, when I took the bus from the airport, the busses are instructed to drop guests off at a certain location. It was a long walk from that point to the hotel reception (on an underground street), and there was no one to assist with bags. I was traveling alone with a suitcase, a carry on, a computer bag and a infant car seat (meeting my family later), and I had to manage all this by myself. The hotel itself has double doors at the entrance, and they are neither revolving nor automated. And there is no doorman to open the door for you.I had to stand in line for 45 minutes before I could check in to my room. I got a room with a view of the swimming pool (the alternative view is of back walls of the hotel). The view was very nice as I could see parts of the Vegas strip. The noise coming from the pool was so loud (loud music) that an afternoon nap was out of the question (and I was on the 18th floor!). You can not escape the blaring music. It's in the lobby while you're waiting to check in. It's even in the elevators. And while I think of it, if you don't want your kids to see the scantily clad women on the elevator doors, either blindfold them, or don't bring them to this hotel.As a parent of young children, I try to get to bed at a reasonably early time. On my first night, at 2am, I was woken by loud noises coming from the adjoining room. Eventually I banged on their door, and told them to keep it down. The next morning, I called the front desk and told them about the incident. I told them that I wanted to move to another room, but all they could offer me was a room with no view, so I told them that I would stay where I was. I asked them to talk to the guests next door, and ask them to keep it down, but they were not willing to do that.On my 3rd night, I was again woken by loud noises coming from next door at 1:35am. I called my neighbors on the hotel phone, and told them that they were creating a disturbance and needed to keep it down. They told me that "this is Vegas, and we can do what we want". I called hotel security, and asked them to deal with it. Half an hour later, I was again woken by loud noises, and so again I called security who told me that they were busy moving the guests to another room. At 3am, I was woken by the phone in my room. There was no-one on phone. 15 minutes later same thing. I called the hotel manager, and told him about it. He said that he would put a block on my phone. At 4am, I was woken by loud banging on my door. No one there. Again, I called the manager, and asked him to review the security tapes (he told me that there were cameras on the floors). 15 minutes later, some hotel employee knocked on my door to say that there were in fact no cameras on the floors, and asked if there was a problem. At 5am, I was again woken by banging on my door, and there was no one there. I never did get back to sleep, and got about 90 minutes sleep total that night. I had very strong words with the manager in the morning, and told him that I felt that the hotel had not done enough to halt this nightmare (these guests should have been removed from the premises or the hotel should have placed someone outside my door). I told him that the hotel needed to comp me a room for a future stay (not that I would actually want to stay at this hotel again). He told me that my inconvenience didn't warrant further compensation, and offered me a free breakfast..The pools at this hotel are average.My recommendation if you're visiting Vegas and are not in your teens, pay the extra money and stay at the Bellagio.
3	I stayed here over Easter weekend and I have very mixed feelings about this place.We checked in and our package was supposed to come with a free bottle of alcohol, but they said that wasn't our promotion and we got other coupons. I'm pretty sure I booked the right package, but I let it go, it wasn't worth fussing over. I'm Asian, and when we got to our room our theme was.... Enter the Dragon w/ Bruce Lee. Coincidence? I'll never know...The room was clean and decent sized. Like other reviews said though, it was kind of dark in there. Planet Hollywood has a pretty good location: middle of the Strip, close to shopping, Earl of Sandwich, Fat Tuesday (both of which I went to every day).My major problems with this place made the stay not as pleasant. Every morning at 10AM, someone would knock on our door to do a "room check." One day they even opened the door because they didn't hear me yell. WTF. Check out time is at 11, and we had just barely woken up. WTH is a room check anyway?? -1 BIG starAnother thing, instead of the free bottle we were supposed to get, we got a coupon for some slot credit. Well the coupon had their old rewards club name, and I went to the players club and they were transitioning into the Total Rewards Club. The coupon said I would get $15 slot credit, but with the new Total Rewards I would have to play more and then I'd be given $40. After going back and forth from the Players Club and Cashier at least 5 times, they ended up denying me the $40 when they CLEARLY told me that if I played enough I would get it. I certainly played enough, complained to them, and got no comps or anything for all my troubles due to THEIR mistakes. That really ruined the end of my trip. -1 BIG starSo thanks to their room checks and horrible service and communication between their workers and computer systems, I won't be back. If you are looking for a decent priced room this is an ok place to stay, but be forewarned at least about those room checks.
4	This wasn't this nicest hotel in Vegas but definetly not bad either. It has great location near the middle of the strip so you're not too far from either end. The casino is on the smaller side but very clean and pretty cool at night with the go-go dancers. There are plenty of bars and a few places to choose from. The Daily Planet cafe is conveniently open 24 hrs and offers your basic breakfast/lunch/dinner choices for hotel prices. Our room were cleaned daily and in decent shape. I liked the mall connected to the hotel because they had the ABC grocery stores (for booze and snacks) and stores I could actually afford. Overall Planet Hollywood is a good value hotel for the strip that isn't crappy.
2	I really don't have a starting basis for this hotel, but I can honestly say it was mediocre. Nothing about the hotel staff or room features stood out. Here's the low-down: Checked in at 3:00pm, checked out by 10:30am. No problems during check-in but the waiting was horrible leaving. Stayed there for 2 nights, non-smoking Hollywood Hip room on the 16th floor with a nice view. The view was the best part overlooking City Center West's Louis Vuitton store. At night, you can see a captivating monogram light show on the LV roof. The ugly: Water took at least 20 minutes to heat up. Shower head very crusty and moldy (I should've took a picture to gross you out). Toilet is dirty underneath the rim. When I was wiping myself, you could clearly see the black mold starring at you. Bathroom had poor ventilation. Lights in room worked 50% and were hard to get to. The lights were dimly lit. The floor lamp shade was broken. Queen bed was quite lumpy and sheets were thin. No mini fridge. No tub, no shower mats, and no complimentary shower cap for the wife. On the up-side: The Miracle Mile shops were plentiful with big names. The food and drinks were convenient; Earl of Sandwich, PF Chang's, Starbucks, Koi, and Heart Bar. Although I lost most at Blackjack, I made up more than enough at Wheel of Fortune slots. That was the most bang for my buck. Would I go back to Planet Hollywood? Nope.
4	I LOVE this casino.  While they don't do blended drinks, they DO give you a full bottle beer (not some crappy half glass) and a strong long island at the slots.  And you're hardly ever searching for a waitress, they're always around in PH (coughNOTCaesar'scough!!)Slots of ALL denominations, texas hold 'em tables, cute chicks go-go dancing in their "pleasure pit" area and all other kinds of table games you can think of. They also have video roulette games with 25 cent increments (so you only have to spend 25 cents a spin) so they attract a lot of low ballers like myself. No really, I'm a low baller because I'm short.Enough bad jokes. You do always get accosted by their employees for something, either fake-ish wristbands for their club Prive or a timeshare pitch for Holly Madison tickets, which are hellishly expensive.  And they can't seem to keep their rewards desk staffed properly, but that might change since they've become Harrah's property (and you can use your Total Rewards here!)  Since they just changed over, sometimes their slots have trouble paying out and you have to wait on service to hand-pay.  Small price to pay, get a drink before you're ready to go.
4	Impromptu 24-hour trip with a guy I had just met in San Diego to meet up with about 10 of his closest friends? Sure why not?! It is Vegas after all... why not be spontaneous. (Long story short, we were in a relationship for a year, so sometimes it is worth it to take a spontaneous chance). Anyways, onto the real reason you are reading this review... what I thought of PH.Three of us arrive in the evening on a Saturday. The rest of the group who arrived the morning before are all passed out. We wander around the hotel, nothing too exciting or boring, just average... lots of shops and of course the casino. It appeared the crowd as this place was mostly those in their twenties/thirties, a plus! We grab some liquor and head upstairs to start pre-gaming and getting ready. The rooms were clean and simple with a modern vibe going on. The bathroom was big... as four girls were able to get ready without much problem. The view was spectacular, we were able to see much of the strip. So we drink, we party, and drink some more. Decide on staying in the hotel for the night so we wander around and find ourselves inside the mess that is the "line" to get into Prive. It was a madhouse. The guys begin to get annoyed but we calm them down as we know it will be like this anywhere considering we didn't head out til about 12am. So we work our girly magic and in we are! Inside is a typical club scene: plenty of dance floors and VIP seating areas. Danced the night away til about 4 am. Next day we spent time at the pool. A few nice large pools with plenty of lounge chairs everywhere. This is no Intervention pool party but still a fun time. Then it was off to explore the strip before headed back home to the real world after a fantastic whirlwind 24 hour trip.
2	Stayed at Planet Hollywood this past weekend.  The room we received was not the exact room we had reserved.  There were no more non smoking rooms when we arrived and had to stay on a smoking floor.  The room was smaller than described on the internet.  The hotel is rundown and considering they just purchased the hotel a few years back.  This is definitely a party hotel.  I liked the casino downstairs and there are plenty of restaurants and quick places for food.  I have stayed in a few other hotels in Vegas and I will not be coming back to Planet Hollywood.  Just wasn't what I expected.The pool is nice to hang out at and the snack has great lunch items.If you need to purchase drinks or alcohol, the ABC stores in the Miracle shops are cheap and a good place to get stuff.
4	I give PH four stars because I was surprised at how much I enjoyed my stay. In regard to amenities, PH is probably a 3 or 3.5 when compared to other similarly situated hotel/casinos (e.g. Wynn, Bellagio, Plazzo, Mandalay Bay). What it lacks in amenities, it makes up for in location and price. The pool is cool. The patrons vary in age and size, but there is no shortage of 21 year-olds celebrating birthdays and batchelors/batchelorettes celebrating the end of their single-hood.  The entertainment is quality.I recommend it!Out - Sixton.
1	I was previously upset with this hotel because we did not get the room we had reserved.  A couple of days after getting back from our trip, I learned that one of my friends that had stayed in the room with me had to go to the doctor and had mites.  We noticed a rash on him just before checking out of the hotel and thought nothing of it until it spread all over his body.  I called the manager on duty to let them know of the problem and of oh course he was helping another customer and was to call me back.  12 hours later, no call.Will not stay in the hotel again.  Rundown and nasty!
4	Planet Hollywood is a good value for what you get. I'd say they fit securely into the mid-priced mid-level quality hotels on the strip. Our room with two queen beds was large and had to purple chairs for relaxing. Plenty of room to have people over to the room. Bathroom had duel vanities (hers and hers in this case). View was of the pool, which was below average for a Vegas hotel. Nothing much going on, just average amenities, and you still have to come early in the day to secure your spot just like every other Vegas pool. The hotel location itself is pretty convenient. The self-parking I'll pre-warn if very far from the hotel check-in. You have to walk through the miracle mile shops from self-parking to the registration desk and access to the guest towers. Since us two girls had a good deal of luggage and a box of goodies with us for the room, I would have re-thought the parking situation if I knew how far the haul would be. I may revisit depending on the event, but if I'm not attending an event at the hotel (like I was at this stay) I think I'd choose another hotel.
3	Stayed in this hotel for a bachelor's party for one of my buddies.  The hotel and casino is very modern and chic.  We rented out one of their larger suites.  The theme of the suite was Indiana Jones, so it had many props from the movie.  This suite had two large bedrooms, a 180 degree view of the strip, a bar, a large living area with a large plasma tv, surround sound, mp3 player, sofas, a dining area, and a tub in the middle of the living area.  Each of the bedroom has its own plasma tv and bathrooms with soaking tubs.  For renting out the suite for the entire weekend, the hotel gave us two large bottles of liquor - Crown Royal (my fave) and Vodka.  So that suite alone was party central.  The suite is majorly pimped out.  At the casino, they have a place called the Pleasure Pit.  While you're gambling, there are dancers (not strippers) on platforms.  This hotel caters to people younger adults like myself.  That's pretty awesome. They also HAD a club upstairs called Prive.  Not sure what's going on with that now.  I think they were slapped with a liquor fine.  They also have many retail stores there in case you need to do some shopping.  I'm giving this place 3 stars because I forgot my cell phone in the suite and only realized it when I was on the road back home.  I called their lost and found and never received a call back.  At least call me and tell me that they didn't find it.  I'm sure the maids took it and went through my pictures and videos and enjoyed all the nakedness in there.  It was purely my fault and I know it slipped out of my pocket.  That or I left it in one of their gift shop counters as I was paying for my merchandise.  Sucks!  If I found a cell phone, I'd return it to their rightful owner.  Other than that, the hotel is cool and that suite is wickedly awesome!  See you again later this month!
4	I love Planet Hollywood! Rooms are very spacious, the decor is tasteful, its decently priced, and it is in the middle of the strip! I would definitely stay here again !I also loved that you get a bottle  (i chose tequilla, but they have other options) upon check in!
5	Still cool!
4	very great place to say!!! and great for kids!
4	This place goes into the new casino catergory.  It is a decent casino, I liked the color schemes.  They are in a prime location with other nice hotels near it, like the Bellagio.  They are connected to a decent shopping area also.
4	Just stayed here for my first time last weekend, and it was surprisingly awesome. The room was a lot better than I expected it to be. I'd have to say I wasn't in the westgate towers but, the hallways off the elevator make it look kind of trashy, but once you get into the rooms, it's all good. It's very conveniently located near the miracle mile shops so you can pick up some decently priced grub...ESPECIALLY EARL OF SANDWICH, 6$ sandwiches open 24/7...that's money right there...The casino is nice, it has the pleasure pit, which everyone loves, and it's conveniently located in the middle of the strip across from City Center, and Paris is right next door. The stay I had was pretty excellent.
4	This Poker room is very casual and a lot of fun!  My favorite thing is their 2 am tournament.  Last time I think I was the only sober player there! Something to keep in mind, if you have a Planet Hollywood Card you get more chips to start the tournament.
4	I stayed at this hotel once when i was in vegas it was pretty nice and was an interesting time :)
3	I stayed in a 2 bedroom suite here with a group of 20 friends this past weekend.  The suite was aesthetically pleasing and probably one of the better suites we've stayed at in Vegas.  It had a neat projector, leather couches, kitchen, beautifully designed rooms and lovely decor as you'd expect from any suite in Vegas, etc.  This was definitely a place for the younger crowd to stay, with many peeps in their 20s and 30s.  We got a free cabana at the pool that came w/ our suite which I believe was normally a $300 value.  It was pretty darn small, though, and one of the uglier pools I've been to in Vegas, but I don't swim often so it wasn't too much of a big deal to me.  I liked how the stores (and the Fat Tuesday bar) were extremely close to our room.  Very convenient.  I like Planet Hollywood overall, but there were a few problems w/ our room that I'm not sure I want to even mention here, but screw it:-  When we first checked into our room, it looked like it wasn't even cleaned... and we're pretty POSITIVE that not much effort was put into it especially when we found nasty things in the drawers which I won't mention.  Private message me if you'd like to know what we found, lol.  Needless to say, it gave us a dirty feeling and we didn't want to stay there, and so we demanded to be transferred to another suite.-  The new room we transferred to was definitely a lot cleaner, but what do ya know... we found yet another nasty thing which I wont mention in another drawer.  So yeah, something tells me that they're either understaffed when it comes to cleaning rooms, or their staff just doesn't do a good job.Overall a great hotel to stay!  :-P
4	We got a regular Hollywood Hip room 6 of us split it, and it ended up being very reasonable for a 3 night stay.  ALSO, very roomy.  However, a big flaw was that it was $30 a night for a cot.  I've never been anywhere where it costs extra for a cot, so that was quite annoying.  We tried to get a free upgrade- that was a big no go. :(  Bathroom was also quite spacious, with a separate room with the toilet- which is perfect when you're cramming multiple people in one room.  Loved that we got a free bottle of booze when checking in.  The location is perfect I enjoyed the casino and the mall connected to it.The pools were kind of lame.  We went out to the pools pretty early- like 9am and were able to secure a few spots, but any later than that you're pretty much SOL for having a spot near the pool.  There were many chairs down in the center, not facing the pool...which I find odd.  There were so many unused cabanas and seats that it seemed ridiculous to not let people use them if nobody else was paying for it.Despite the few flaws, I would definitely stay again.
4	**Late post stayed May 27th-June 1st**Nice hotel, friendly staff. Loved the Bathroom, Room was affordable & nice & clean as well. I will say that I don't Like that when I asked for cutlery & plates (3 of each) they charged $2.50 but whatever it's no real sweat off my back. Hotel is in the center of the strip & damn near has anything you need in it if you ask me you don't even need to go outside lol. They also let us pay our balance at check-in which I also liked.  Another big bonus...no resort fees!!! John by the pool was awesome. Beware however if you buy the $35 buffet pass, the Hotel's buffet "Spice Market Buffet" gets packed bad for dinner, the lines wrap almost in the mall & can have you waiting almost 2 hours to eat & sadly thats almost all of the nights but hey when there's good food around what can you do?Otherwise, No complaints from me, I can't wait to go back!
4	I must admit, upon reading other reviews I was nervous abt this hotel. I had TONS of family staying there who have high expectations. This hotel was by far one of the BEST i've ever stayed at. The room was great, with the exception that yes the lighting was terrible. The staff was super great, especially Brandie, our poolside waitress.Onto Peepshow, that was a horrible show. Actually, the "main" star if u really wanna call her that, Holly Madison was AWFUL. Shes barely in the show, yet plastered on every ad for it. Shes really just used to promote the show. The singers and dancers deserve way more credit than she does.All in all it was a great time with my man and great family.
5	I love PHRC! Everything was Phabulous! This is my favorite place in Vegas and I had a few friends with me who now claim every future trip will now be at PH Vegas. I arrived Saturday Night around Midnight. No line to check in (other reviewers claim long check in lines, this was not the case). As I was walking into the hotel lobby, I literally ran into Robin Leach!!!! How Funny! He was actually a nice guy. With a Bad Ass Chick in here 20's. He's a short ugly bastard though.Check in was smooth only took 5 minutes, he front staff all had smiles and they were all BEYOND friendly. They provided room keys and through the gorgeous lobby to the beautiful hotel bank. I say beautiful hotel bank because the doors and walls are images of the Girls of PeepShow and Holly Madison is gorgeous. So seeing her everyday going up and down was a pleasure! We had a room on the 28th floor. Last room on the left with the double doors. We had a Panorama Suite and WOW was it gorgeous. Seriously my fellow YELP friends, This was the Best View in Vegas. You can argue with me but I promise you will lose. See my attached pictures. The room was clean, the beds were beyond comfy, great water pressure, and we always had hot water. The room had a spacious living room and a HUGE Plasma TV, but once again the views made the room. We would watch the Fountains at Bellagio day and night! There was a mini bar with a fridge and two bathrooms. The room was perfect seriously. Also they housekeeping staff were so friendly. The Resort itself is great. Many options to eat. Earl of Sandwich is not only great but cheap, A sandwich is $7 bucks!!! The Miracle Mile Shops were perfect. They have ABC stores and the prices of bottles of liquor and Red Bulls are compared to local spots in my neighborhood. I know this review is all over the place, but the Free Bottle of Liquor was a great addition it's a normal size bottle 750ML.. We chose Sky Vodka... The Casino is beautiful. The Heart bar is always fun, on Saturday Night they had a DJ which played really good music. The pleasure pit was a lot of fun and all the dealers were great too. I seriously have nothing bad to say about this Hotel Casino. The location cant be beat. I also wanted to point out the reason had a great trip was due to the Staff at PH. They made me feel welcome from the moment I walked in to the moment I left. They actually treated me as if I was Phamous for those 4 days. Once again Thank you PHRC for making this a trip that I will never forget. You will always have me as a loyal customer.
5	We only went to the casino and bars inside.. but had a blast! The girls were super nice that were working and we had a great time! I'd probably stay here next time we're in town for our hotel... close to everything, and fun!!
4	My fave hotel on the strip!!! The wait for checking in was not bad and Best of all the mall is downstairs..staying at the hollywood hip room and its spacious and comfy.. The bathroom is great. We have a tub and shower.. I love PH!!!
4	One of the best places to stay in Vegas!I always hit up PH whenever I'm in Vegas - the mall has stores within my price range and a Fat Tuesdays. The casino has a young hip vibe but not douchey, and of course, EARL OF SANDWICH. However, this is my first time staying here.Upon checking in, I like to do the '20 Dollar Trick' when I check into Vegas hotels. Sandwich a $20 between your ID and credit card and the front desk staff will upgrade you to a better room. Don't do this because it never works contrary to all the success stories I've read online. All you gotta do is ask politely. The lady hooked it up a strip view room since we originally booked a mountain view room. It was a great view of NYNY, City Center, and the Bellagio Fountains.The room was pretty nice. We got the Dragnet room (movie starring Dan Aykroyd and Tom Hanks) so there was memorabilia everywhere in the room. We had some issues with the plumbing and there were nicks and stretches on the desks and closets, but that's nothing too big to cry about. We got the room right off the elevator so you can hear the elevators through the walls, but if you're a deep sleeper it's not a problem. The pool is pretty okay. On weekends, they turn it into a Wet Republic/Rehab place, but on weekdays it's a regular ol pool.With their location right in the middle of the strip, PH is definitely a place to consider when staying in Vegas.Sincerely,The Duke of Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino
4	I've stayed at Paris, Encore, Imperial Palace, and a few timeshares  called the Marriot and Jockey Club.Planet Hollywood is one of the better locations to stay due to it proximity on the strip alone! I've received countless offers throughout the new year giving me no reason that I should not visit Vegas, besides that I'd gamble hard working money away.Great deal on the room (if you want to know prices PM me) and we got upgraded for free to a strip view room! GREAT view, which included full view of the new city center and a partial view of the Bellagio fountain show (boyfriends personal fave). We also checked in early.When we got upgraded, the lady asked us if it would be a problem if the room was near the elevator. No, no that would not be a problem at all. If anything, yes please! Perks to being near the elevator, only one neighboring room and well...close to the elevator! We were room 3617 just in case you're wondering. Also the 'Dragnet' room. I have no idea what show/movie that was, but you'll have Dan Akroyd and Tom Hanks watch over you as you sleep and bathe. The first thing I do when I check into a hotel room...look at the vanity set up. Often hotels will have attached mirrors to the wall or have bad lighting situations, BUT they had a huge makeup mirror that wasn't glued down! I moved it on over near the window to get some natural lighting, +++!!On top of that, the window had a nice little seating area where you could chill!Closet space was good (his and hers), television was big, bed was comfy, but we had to ask for more pillows since they were lacking in fluff.Bathtub was nice and BIG, another +, but the shower was kind of small. The toilet was separated from the rest of the bathroom by a door. The bathroom also had double doors for the entrance...kind of weird....I could do without that. No locks for the double door.We did run into some troubles with the plumbing. The sinks stopper was stuck, so they sent someone over with a quickness to repair that for us. When I would drain the tub, the sink bubbled up. Kinda gross. (-)The pool is small, but nice. There's also a hot tub! The layout is kind of wack...the pool is located on the 6th floor. You have to get to the pool early if you want good sunbathing seats actually NEXT to the pool...I know, kind of weird huh? They also have misting seats and cabanas up for renting...but they're ghetto. HahaAnyways, I would recommend staying here! If anything, for the mere location and the fact that Planet Hollywood houses Earl's Sandwiches and has 5 dollar roulette tables on the weeknights. Also a Sephora (in case you forget any makeup) and an Urban Outiftters (in case you want to pick up a big floppy hat for sun bathing).Make sure to stop by the customer service booth in the mall to get the coupon book! Oh and they put magazines in the room for you to read! I sure love me some celebrity gossip!--On a sidenote, on the Mezzanine level they were having an auction for a lot of Michael Jackson's belongings (and others such as Anna Nicole Smith and Cher), they allowed us to look and photograph things. They said not to touch, but I touched. I touched Michael Jackson's couch! Ahhh!!
3	planet hollywood is really nicely decorated especially for a much younger crowd! casino area was great, not as smokey and foggy as other hotels. after hours, they have hot go go dancers dancing near casino tables, called the pleasure pit. Great for men! but table prices go upthey have a great shopping center, but can have more of a variety in resturant choices. rooms are great! nice view, nice decor, bedding and set up. 2 minor things. Bathroom toilet door has no lock, and the shower is see through, so sharing the bathroom while geting ready can be a little tough if you have a bunch of insecured friends. other than that that the bathroom was good enough, great tub to soak your feet after walking in heels all day!  for some reason due to the painting of the room, it was always dark! haha weird. the pleasure pool was not good! proabably one of the worst pools i've ever seen at a hotel... they have two small pools on the oppsite ends of eachother, while being seperated by a resturant and a large parking lot for bodies to tan. The lot in between was larger than the two pools combined! wth. the pool layout can be so much better, it was so hard to find a spot unless you were invited to Cabanas. music was good though. weird part, pool was on the 6th floor.... i do not understand why...overall layout was funky, but it was the  best spot on the strip, almost right in the middle of it, so taxi cabs were not so expensive. nice hotel and fairly priced if you book it with flight on expedia!
4	VALET!!! That is the only way to go at this place because as great as the miracle mile mall is I am not a fan of walking through it all the time.  The elevator took forever too.  Room was clean and big enough.  Cleaning people did an ok job.  forgot to do one of the beds.  But besides that who can beat that price pretty good!  The front staff was pretty sweet too. He ran out of double bed rooms but  when I told him we broke down on the strip and he was going to make me cry one popped out of thin air! LOVED IT!!
4	Decided to stay here at the last minute and ended up having a good experience. We had a room with two "queen" size beds that are actually closer to full size. The rooms were spacious with a desk and comfy seat. The bathroom is large with a tub, separate shower, and separate toilet. The door to the main bathroom doesn't actually lock and is more like a closet door that just slides shut. It's possible to be taking a shower or bath and just having someone accidentally walk in.  Not a huge problem, but a strange design. It would be better to have two separate vanities since girls taking ready to go out always take a long time. There was a large flat panel TV with HD service in case you want to watch something, so that's a nice touch. What's nice about Planet Hollywood is that it's in a great location right across the street from Bellagio. I had dinner, and a lunch at Bellagio so that was super convenient to just walk out the door and across the street. City center is always across the street as well which is also something worth checking out if you're into high end boutiques. There's an Early of Sandwich near the entrance into the Miracle Mile which is a great deal for a cheap meal. The ABC convenience stores inside the mall are a good resource for cheap snacks and drinks. There are two pools on the 6th floor which is nice for hanging out and lounging around. There's also a big area that has lounge chairs and umbrellas if you don't care to get in the water. Overall, I liked staying at Planet Hollywood and prices were reasonable. The biggest downside is that self parking is really far away from the main casino and rooms and you have to walk through half the mall. Definitely valet it but be prepared to wait for your car to be fetched.
3	Pros:- Party is always on 24/7 @this casino! Whether it was at 12pm, 10pm, or 4am, music was always pumping, young & beautiful people were plentiful, everyone was just having a good time.- Location is awesome!! Can't beat Center Strip! And not outrageously expensive to boot.- Rooms were clean & hip. Not completely spotless, but decent.- Beds were very comfy & I slept like a baby!- Part of the package my friends & I booked got us a free bottle of booze. Came in handy when we were pre-gaming before a night out! hehe- Bonus was that they are now part of the Harrah's chain of hotels, so I was able to rack up some Rewards points while staying here! Woohoo!Cons:- Front desk is severely understaffed & painfully slow. And not all the Front desk people were nice/friendly, it was hit or miss.- It took forever for us to get anything from Front desk or Housekeeping. When I tried calling the Front desk, I was on hold for an average of 5-10 mins each time I called. And when I called back to check on a request for toilet paper that the Front desk girl said was on it's way up 30 mins prior, she snapped at me when I called back to check on the delayed TP.- I know this can happen to every hotel, but all the drains were slow in our room (sink & shower). 1 of my personal pet peeves, skeeves me to finish a shower in my own muck lol - bleh!- Wasn't crazy about no locks on the bathroom doors. They're double doors that just swing shut, but anyone can walk in on you unless you announce to your roomies that you are using the shower.Overall, I did like the hotel, but not sure if I'd stay here again. If the Wynn were completely overbooked, I'd rather stay @the MGM Mirage or Treasure Island which I think were much better than PH.
2	Check in was a freakin nightmare! It took 45 minutes with a line out the door in 108 degree heat. 3 people working the desk - are you serious!? Its the summer for heavens sakes! Another minus was the CONSTANT ads for their stupid Peephow with Holly Madison- give me a break it's one thing to have adverts in select places across the casino- that I can get - but on every damn elevator door, magazines in the room, video screens throughout the hotel, and every time you call the front desk hearing "the home of the Peepshow" do they realize that there are many people who find this to just be stupid horsesh&t? If this had been for personal purposes I'd stay at Encore!
5	Just finished a seven day stay here.  Normally seven days is way too long in Vegas, but we had a FANTASTIC time.  The pool at PH is great, especially if you upgrade to the misting chairs.  Well worth the money when it's 110 degrees outside.  The restaurants in the hotel are terrific, especially Koi, which is one of my favorites.  Their half price happy hour is a great deal.The pleasure pit is great.  Love the music and energy.  I would definitely stay here again...especially now that it is owned by Harrah's and I can use my Total Rewards points.
3	Great location, but make sure you check in early! I checked in after 11pm on a wkday in June 10' and they didnt have a decent room available. I was put in a room for hearing impaired smokers! I had to wait until 2 pm the following day to be upgraded to a nicer room. The upgrade was amazing, but i was annoyed that i had to make sure i was back at my room early afternoon to change rooms. Other than that the hotel was OK. -oh & the pool isnt anything too fancy.
4	Recently stayed here and really enjoyed it. We stayed in the bolevard suite and it was pimp. Pool table in the room, lots of tvs and couches for people to crash. One thing that was somewhat dissapointing though was that with as big a room as it is there was not that many windows or big windows so you could really appreciate the views. The room was clean and the cleanup crew did a great job, however we had a couple issues with the TV's. Apparently they were switching to HD recievers and some of the remotes did not work. We had to call down a number of times before someone finally came up and switched boxes out for us. I was very skeptical about the pool after reading some reviews but we hung out there all weekend and had a great time. The DJ at the 21 and over pool was legit, the bikini contest was hot and everyone there just wanted to have fun and party. Its not the best pool party around and there isnt much to the pool itself but if you have a solid group of people that want to have fun then you will. if you are looking for all this extra shit then maybe its not for you.  Overall we had a great time, lots of young people looking to have a good time at this place, the suite was nice, the bars in the hotel (heartbar) were fun and the overall atmosphere was great.
4	Last year i decided to take my Gf's to vegas for my Birthday ....which itself means that i wanted to have a blast with my girl friends...It was exactly what i had in mind and wanted modern and fun . This hotel is the best one its got best view of vegas really nice casino ....friendly staff and variety of options
4	The location of planet hollywood is awesome!  Smack where lots of action and fun is!  The Miles of Shops has tons of great shopping.  The rooms were clean and spacious.  Our room had some memorabilia from a Brad Pitt movie!  And the price for the room wasn't too bad for a weekend!
5	By far one of the best hotels in Vegas. We did a tour of them all. As budget traveler's we definitely will be back at this hotel. No noise in the night (apart from the obligatory rap at 9am from the maids). The hotel is in a prime location and close to all the better attractions. Great mall too with loads of cheap places to eat! Not really a hotel for kids as at the weekend the pool parties kick of.
3	2nd night in vegas, 3rd hotel i visited.  dont expect to see sam rothstein in this place, this is planet mtv/bet.  tons of flat screens, go go dancers on the tables, & bar/club, strip bar up top (whatever that was), strip bar in the shops, & the american storm dancers handing out flyers to 14yr olds (yes, my god daughter was asked to watch the show-14 year old) in that miracle mile of shops (that miracle mile had the same aladdin decor-dont get it. thought this was planet hollywood?  guess it wasnt fully renovated. & whats up w/ all the abc stores?).the people in this hotel engulf all that is vegas to me: the scantily clad mac whorrific makeup girlies w/ the lucites, the in-house hookers propositioning anyone making eye contact, the fist pumpers, the bachelor/ettes, the housewives, the surgically "enhanced", the over-confident 21 yr olds w/ nothing interesting to say but "hey baby whats your name?"  awesome. btw..if you heard "HERE FISHY FISHY!" that was me n ms babez (shes the type that actually ONLY comes here to gamble) tryin to win a buck (literally) @ the penny slots.  FUN!
4	The best place to party like a Rock Star.Planet Hollywood might not be the biggest, most well known, or fanciest, but it's definitely one of the best bang for the buck. They are located in the center of the strip across from the famous Bellagio Hotel, You'll have easy access to explore the other hotels and attractions on the strip. There is a liquor store at the Miracle Mile (ABC Store), with reasonable prices. I always find this place 50-80 dollars cheaper per night compared to rest of the big name hotels in Vegas and the rooms are very clean. The Go-Go dancers make the Pleasure Pit a fun place to gamble and buffet (Spice Market) downstairs is fantastic. If you show your loyalty, Planet Hollywood will welcome you back with free complimentary night stays. I've been offered those vouchers a couple times already, even though I'm not a big gambler. They were recently acquired by Harrah's from Starwood, so I might write follow-up review on the new management. A little about my credentials:My baby face makes it difficult for me to walk around Vegas, but go there about 4-5 times a year. I've stayed at various hotels, but recently decided to stick with Planet Hollywood. I'm that big of gambler; I've tried counting cards at Blackjack but I can't count past 10 without using my fingers. I think I do better with dumb luck anyways.
5	My first time in Vegas, we stayed at The Flamingo.  Old school Vegas, that may or may not have survived the test of time.  Planet Hollywood though, is another beast entirely.Despite its association with one of the cheesier of the national diner chains, the hotel and casino is lively, modern, and fairly cutting edge.  It minimally sprinkles its movie prop trappings to a decent effect.  (It helps that our room had a coat from the original Battlestar Galactica - which is just awesome.)The rooms are clean, modern and cool.  The food is decent, and the casino floor is great.The people manning the craps table were extremely friendly, happy to teach us, and willing to chat and cheer along with us.  Sure it was all a scam to get us to blow more cashmoney, but it was a damn fun time, so I wholly appreciated it.And so does my new-found crippling addiction to playing Craps ALL.  THE.  TIME.
4	Stayed at PH for 4 nights at the end of June.  Overall a great experience and a good choice for this visit to Vegas.  Service, location, and value. The good stuff: -  Great location!  Center Strip and attached to the Miracle Mile shops-  Great value for the room price - couldn't beat the price for this nice Hotel-  Cool / Hip Hotel, nice rooms, liked the feel of the casinoThe not so good minor stuff.....- might seem an odd thing to say, but the window in the room seemed way too small!  I have stayed at 15+ Vegas hotels and remember most to have full wall windows (ex: Mandalay) or really large windows.  I enjoy looking out at the strip and it seemed strange to have this small window?  - the pools are too small - like really small for Vegas.  Tried unsuccessfully 3 different days to grab a poolside lounge chair and it wasn't happening.   There is a huge sun deck area between the pools, but you really lose the "poolside" atmosphere.  I know that the pool scene is a big thing in Vegas these days and PH misses the mark here.- Valet was a bit of a hassle and seemed understaffed most of the time we were there.  The guys were great, just not enough of them.  Just a minor issue.We would absolutely stay here again.  Again - good service, great value, great location, and overall a cool casino.
4	Stayed at Planet Hollywood during a conference for work.  The location is great for getting to other hotels, casinos, restaurants and shopping and that is of paramount importance in Vegas.  I used room service several times for breakfast and they were always quick and the food was decent.  I used the gym and was quite pleased to see that is ACTUALLY a gym.  Meaning, they had at least ten treadmills, a decent amount of weight machines and lots of free weights.  The gym was never busy and the staff was friendly and helpful.  They do offer free water (you can take as much as you want) and fruit (take all you can!).  My room was decent.  I felt like it was clean, but the view I had of the giant electrical towers was not so fab.  Looking beyond those towers, though, I was able to see the mountains and watch the sun rise and set a few times.  This hotel has several restaurants to choose from and I ate at two of them.  Earl of Sandwich is your standard sandwich shop, but they were very accommodating to my "picky eater" requests.  I always appreciate that.  I also ate lunch at Planet Dailies once.  The service was fast and they even asked when I arrived if I was attending a conference and needed to be served immediately.  That was awesome.  I had a caesar salad here and it was decent.  The shopping at Planet Hollywood is also nice.  I enjoyed wandering around the shops and people watching.One major negative was the check-in process.  It seemed that the line never moved, that they never brought more agents in to help out and this resulted in my standing in line to check into the hotel for two hours.  Not acceptable.  All in all, I would stay here again, but my heart always belongs to the Flamingo.
2	Writing this review as someone that has never stayed at Planet Hollywood. I tried to stay there, however the room pricing was too high for what was offered (I got a suite at Mandalay Bay for cheaper then I could have gotten a 'deluxe' room at PH). My recent experience at Planet Hollywood made me happy I found another place to stay...Last Friday night I went to see Tool at the Theater for the Performing Arts inside Planet Hollywood.  Our tickets said the show started at 8 pm. At 8:45 I was still standing in line outside the venue. We missed the opening band completely. While the Theater of the Performing Arts is a fairly small venue (seats around 7,000), it clearly needed either an additional entrance,  more security working, or both to handle the flow of people. Tool is a fabulous band so we still had a great time at the show. The sound in the Theater was good, however I'd still prefer to see a show at the Pearl at the Palms any day. After the show we needed to catch a cab back to Mandalay Bay. Most casinos have lines of cabs waiting to pick people up and whisk them away to any destination on the Strip they want. Not Planet Hollywood. The only cabs I saw coming were cabs that were dropping people off, and there was not many of them. July nights in Vegas are still hot, and waiting 45 minutes to an hour in line to catch a cab is not pleasant. The only thing that will bring me back to Planet Hollywood (other then a concert) is the shopping, and the Miracle Mile Shops have their own listing so I can't even give PH a star back for that!
4	Love love lovedddd PH! I have been to Vegas numerous times and have never stayed at such a lively hotel. It's perfect for 20-30 somethings. From the moment we stepped inside I knew it was going to be an awesome trip. The hotel room was clean, spacious, and everything worked. Our room had props from Jurassic Park which I thought was awesome. The only small flaw I found in the room was the closet. It was tiny but it wasn't a problem for me. The casino is super fun. Even at 5 in the morning its happening. We walked around the surrounding hotels after clubbing and they were all dead. PH was the only one still playing loud music and had people mingling and gambling. The bar/lounge Heart I think it was called was really fun. Perfect place to people watch and sip on a few drinks. There is even a mall downstairs. This can get dangerous if you find that you have free time. Way too easy to go and spend money on cute shoes and clothes. Theres also tons of places to eat.The only reason I am giving this place 4 stars instead of 5 is the pool. I think the pool is the biggest problem with this hotel. The layout makes no sense! The lack of trees and shade makes the pool area very unpleasant. However, its not difficult to go to other hotel's pools. Overall I loved this hotel and plan on staying again!
3	I stayed here with my girlfriends during Memorial Day Weekend and it wasn't too bad.  A little on the ghetto side, but it was cool. The rooms were pretty big, especially the bathroom.  Perfect for 4 girls who all needed to get ready at the same time.  The room could've used a little more lighting though.  It was pretty dark!  Overall though, not a bad stay.
5	omg. i would give the suites here10 stars if i could. we reserved a room to have a party here and the suite we stayed in is bigger than my freakin apartment. There are 2 entrance doors before you walk into the room and when you walk in theres a huge living room area with glass windows, the view is a-ma-zing. there were 2 bathrooms, a shower, seperate tub, 4 couches, a king size bed, a plasma flat  screen, what more can i say. its definitely worth every penny!
5	I stayed in this hotel for my bachelorette party a little over a year ago with my two sisters. All I can say is Oh my GAWD it was amazing! Firstly, when I booked, I was informed that I would be comped a free bottle of alcohol upon our arrival. What I didn't see was that it was per night, and that the range was better than most of the crappy liquor comp's you can get - we were given Skyy Vodka (which happens to be a personal favorite), and a large bottle, at that. Every. Single. Night!!!Upon our arrival to the hotel, we realized that this was DEFINITELY the most young adult friendly. It's like a club in there, constantly. Awesome dance music blaring, DJ's sitting around, girls dancing on tables... amazing. Also, the Heart Bar (which is located adorably in the "heart" of the hotel) is hopping at all hours, always staffed with a bartender. Perfect. Our room was a little smaller than I realized, but that's not a huge deal since we were really only in it to get ready. The bathroom was huge, perfect for three women dolling themselves up to hit the town.I've heart a lot of reviews from people who say that the pool was terrible with not enough shade, etc etc... we didn't notice any problems with that. We laid out and when it got too hot we got into the pool... pretty perfect, if you ask me. We were there in mid July when the temperatures were scorching so the coldness of the pool certainly didn't bother us. This hotel is perfect if you're young enough to handle the music and party atmosphere... or if you're just looking for a Hangover-type weekend (hopefully minus the rufies and the naked Asian man). LOVED IT! GOING BACK NEXT MONTH!
2	The positives for Planet Hollywood. It has a good location mid-strip, it has some good restaurants including KOI, Strip House, Yolo's, Pinks and even the buffet.The not so positives are rooms that are nothing special, a pool that is nothing special, even though they are trying to jazz it up, they can't make it like the pool at Mandalay, Wynn, MGM, Bellagio or the Hard Rock and a staff that seems indifferent.Unless they are comping, you can find a lot better.
4	Stayed in the West Tower. Hotel rooms were modern. Automatic Shade for the window was a nice touch. Though I can't agree with black toilets...but that's just personal taste. Pool is well designed for morning/afternoon sunlight. It's not for swimming though as it is not deep at all, but the deck area is nicely done. Didn't particularly like the mall as it was just cavernous and not that many good stores (but I'm a guy and malls are aimed at women, so take that with a grain of salt). The one thing I would impart is the Buffet, which is NOT worth it. Went for Breakfast/Brunch. 20 per person with tip and everything was very mediocre. I think I'm bitter about the fact that the hash browns were rubbery, but in general the food was just not worth it. Neat fact: They serve cotton candy.
3	When you're picking a hotel when staying in Vegas, the room itself isn't important......you really only use it to sleep and shower. The main reasons to choose a hotel are the location, pool, and price.Always ask for a strip view. We ended up getting a great view of the pools and the Bellagio Fountains...beautiful.The crowd here is younger and hipper which helps with the pool situation. I ended up in a bikini contest, did the splits...but couldn't compete with the girls who were 10 years younger than me,The location is part of the best hotels on the south side of the strip....its next to NY, Paris, and Bellagio. It use to be the Aladdin and still had some of the same design. Each room is decorated with objects from a movie. The bed was not as comfortable as TI and the sink wasn't draining well, but for $150/night. On a weekend...not too bad.Would I stay here again? If the price is right, but i'd rather choose Mandalay Bay, Hard Rock, TI...and possibly check out the new Aria.
4	Here's why I liked Planet Hollywood:+ A clean room; the non-smoking room wasn't smoky, the bathroom was clean, the floor felt clean on my feet, the bed was comfy and clean.+ Great location, especially now being so close to City Center.  Easy access to the Strip from your room, easy access to the casino, restaurants in the Planet Hollywood, and so close to Bellagio, Paris, etc.+ The casino is always popular and fun-- current top 40 music, great atmosphere, and clean as well.+Self parking-- I just like that I can go to my car on my own, if I forget something in my car, I don't have to wait for valet or anything like that.  It's a little ways of a walk through the mall, but not horrible.+ Shopping mall inside the hotel/casino-- I just love shopping!  And there are stores there that normal working class folk can afford!  I could walk into a number of their stores like I would any other mall and buy a whole outfit-- not a coin purse for $150.  That makes vacation shopping fun, right?+ We got a free bottle of champagne with our hotel room with an online promo they had going on at the time-- when is free alcohol not a good thing?What I wasn't exactly a fan of:The longer walk to get to the self parking lot-- maybe I was carrying too much... It was longer than I would have liked, but do-able.Textured flooring in parts of the mall-- not fun in heels, take a pair of flip flops along with you for your purse if you can manage.
4	I booked the most basic room here and got upgraded at check in. It was about 10 floors up from the pool and if you aren't up by 12 noon the bass from the pool's music will have you awake. Great if you should be up by then, not if you just are getting to sleep from an all night Vegas bender.The room had a really big bathroom with double doors which had a separate little room for the toilet which is always nice if you're with friends that take long poops. There was 2 sinks, one of which we filled with ice to keep our liquor cold. Also a bathtub and a separate shower. However the air vent allows sound to travel through because while one of my friends was throwing up you could hear someone in another room go "Is someone throwing up?!".Our room had a movie prop which was the wrench from "Hoffa". Never saw the movie but thought it was pretty cool none the less.The casino is nice and gets really lively by the pleasure pit with girls dancing on poles and whatnot. Now that the PH is a Harrah's casino you can gamble and get rated at even more properties on the strip.
4	I like Planet Hollywood. The decor is modern. I like the different bar options in the casino. I do enjoy the dancers at table pit to keep gamblers and others entertained. The only downfall is that the parking garage to the casino feels like you are walking in a marathon...definitely a good way to have people stop by at the shops.
4	Really nice staff. great on trying to meet all needs .  The furniture could be better but service made up for it. Upgraded us to this great 3 room suite .. this place is connected to the mall and has Pink's hot dogs and PF Changs
4	Although I've been inside Planet Hollywood a few times, I didn't get to stay there until last week.  My boyfriend and I were there for two nights and I think PH is a pretty nice hotel overall.  The room was more spacious compared to some of the other hotels that I've stayed at on the strip and very clean as well.  The decor is modern and hip.  Our room also had a partial view of the Bellagio fountains, which was an added bonus.  I also liked that the toilet is separate from the rest of the bathroom, which is great because someone can do their business while another can still use the sink.Not only is PH located in the middle of the strip, it also its own shopping mall with over a hundred affordable shops, awesome slot machines that you can actually win playing and decent tables, which makes it a great place to stay at.The only complaint I had was the loud music from the pool, which woke us up around 11am.  If you're not an early riser, you may want to ask for a room that does not face the pool.
3	It is close to everything on the strip. I am not so crazy about their planet dailies but PH has really good services. Their valet parking guys are funny and friendly, front desk staff is friendly and helpful. Their clubs are okay.. but my favorite is their spa. It is really good. my gal pal and i picked one afternoon and enjoyed the spa. it's kinda pricy but totally worth the money.
4	A Solid 4* Experience. Stayed here many times before Harrahs took over.Stayed from the standard "strip view" room, to the Resort room and their Strip Suite in the center of the hotel.Deluxe room (Hollywood Hip Room) - standard size room but it feels larger than most of the room in Vegas. 42" Panasonic PLASMA TV.  Ex-Sheraton Sweet Sleeper Mattress with Planet Hollywood Duvets.  Deep Soaking Tub.  The room is very spacious if u have 2 beds, you can easily fit in 4+ people if u get a sleeping bag/rollerway bed without feeling cramped.Resort Room - Those are the rooms that are sticking out on the lower floors.  Some rooms facing the pool , while others looking out to the strip.  Same features, slightly bigger in size so it has 2 separate (non-connecting) sinks.  Larger shower area too.  This is the biggest room you can get at this property if you want two queen beds.  Everything above this category is King bed only. Resort Vista - The corner room of the Resort Room wing.  Nice view of Vegas strip in the bathroom.Strip Suite - Located in the center of the hotel.  Either facing North or South.  This used to be referred as the "honeymoon suite" during the Aladdin Days.  No door in between bathroom and bedroom.  Can be bothersome for some people.  My biggest complain for this room is that there's no curtain blocking out sunlights from the bath room so in the morning, it can get very bright.  But the round/love tub in the bathroom is very lovely if you have the north facing room. Enjoy ur bath while watching bellagio fountain show :).  Extra Large living room with 2 TVs in this room as well.The biggest annoyance at this property is the parking.  The walk from the self parking structure to the hotel lobby is 1/2 mile each way.  I used valet every single time to skip the problem.
4	Perfect resort for the average crew of twenty-somethings. I was here for a bachelorette party of ten girls and enjoyed my stay.1. Fresh, young, hip decor. Lots of pinks, purples, and metallics. 2. "Eh" about the pool. Too chilly for my taste. And the lounge chairs suck. They got the cheap plastic ones. And the towels are kind of a ratty faded purple with no more fluff to them.3. Spacy front-desk guy. I booked the hotel online and they somehow screwed up my reservation. I got two rooms and assumed they'd be together, as they were booked together. The guy at the check-in desk somehow forgot that I got two rooms and only checked me in for one. I realized this on the way to the elevators to go up. So I trekked it back to the desk, interrupted his conversation with the next customer (rude, I know, but I meant business), and he tried to fix our reservation. Unfortunately they didn't have rooms next to each other, so we had them on different floors. Oh well.4. Average room service. They don't give you more shampoo/conditioner/toiletries. I guess it's good to be "green".  And no coffee maker! What the?! This is Vegas!
4	i loved my one night stay here! overall, the hotel is beautiful.. the decor is a lot more hip and young.. with lots of pretty pinks and sparkly chandeliers. whats not to love??i loved staying here. the room was clean, well-sized, and we didnt have any problems.  we didnt really use the room or maid service so i cant really speak on that.. but the casino is a lot of fun. especially the pleasure pit.. where you see go go dancers dancing up on platforms while you gamble. pretty cool.the only complain i have is the pool...pretty standard.. nothing special or pretty to look at.. the service was decent but it definitely doesnt compare to the nicer pools you find at venetian or even mirage.all in all a beautiful hotel and we got a pretty good rate. the only complain i would have is its more towards the center of the strip so if youre like me and you party all weekend on the far end where encore/wynn is for XS, tryst, tao or what not, the cab fare is gonna be a little more. but other than.. great hotel!
2	Planet Hollywood makes me LOL.Want to know why?-It used to be the Aladdin, and the remodel was done rather half-assedly, you can still see middle eastern/arabesque motifs all throughout the casino and mall.(Hell, the buffet is even still named the Spice Market. Sounds more like something you'd find in Morocco rather than Hollywood)-If MTV was a building you can go to, this would be it(more so than even The Palms and Hard Rock).-They're desperately trying to make you feel like you're in South Cali with Pink's Hot Dogs, a mall called the Miracle Mile, the EXTRA lounge(which is named after a celebrity news show which isn't much better than a tabloid), etc....It tries so, so hard. And it fails. The Miracle Mile is definitely an improvement from what it was originally like so that's a plus. I still want to try the Spice Market Buffet but I've heard way too many stories about long toilet trips resulting from someone eating a Pink's hot dog and every other restaurant just seems overpriced or overhyped. Also, can't lie, but I do want to see Peepshow.Don't hate the place, but I'm definitely not a fan.
4	Stayed here for 1 night last weekend and it was nice, clean room, the beds sucked though. The casino was the best part that is why I am giving it 4 stars, not a fan of malls so the Miracle Mile mall didnt do anything for me, I mean seriously I wouldnt come to Vegas to shop in a damn mall when there are plenty of those back home. All in all liked Planet Hollywood and will stay there again, this time I have to see Peepshow!
3	The decor is modern, trendy and young but the rooms could benefit from a severe update and remodel. We stayed in a room that was decorated in GEENA DAVIS memorabilia. Seriously. And before that, they had us in the Sylvester Stallone room but it turns out it was a handicap suite. No wonder the bathroom had no tub, just a big shower with bars and a wooden seat in it. After being moved, we had an okay stay. Like I said, it's a hotel that's geared for the young, trendy traveler and you can see that all around the casino. Douchebags with cigars, idiot girls with dresses that had their coochies on display and more. The pool was a nightmare on it's own. If you are not there at the crack of dawn to grab a seat, you're screwed. Oh, and the best part? It's hot as all hell outside but when you dip your toes in the pool, it's like you are about to jump into the arctic sea. The water in the pool is just BEYOND freezing, even on a hot summer day, it was just painful to sit in the pool. Don't really see myself staying here again with all the other unexplored options on the strip and beyond.
4	Stayed here for my very first visit to the other side of the country. I did sooooo many review searches from travelocity, to google, yahoo, etc. You name it I searched it. It was between here or the PH Towers. So happy I chose this place. Luckily, I ended up with a pretty sweet view and I ordered a Hollywood Hip regular room on booking.com. I could see the fountains if I turned the chair by the window and heard them.The bathrooms are HUGE and this is a standard room. Big Flat screen TV. Plush King sized bed, the room temperature, we couldnt really get right because during the day we would get cold, then hot, but at night we sweated our asses off because the sheets would be soaking wet in the morn (and it wasnt from any hanky panky) but the temp didnt cause any major dramatic probs for us, but it was something to point out.The employees that I did interact with were friendly (front desk, gift shop, casino - trying to find our way around), etc, the casino itself is a casino like any other, nothing too fancy or anything, they had go go dancers and once you figure out if you're staying in the north or south tower, you're good to go.  Its a pretty hip hotel, we stayed in the Kingpin room with Woody Harrilson (sp) and there wasnt too much memorabilia like some other ppl had to deal with so that was a plus. The rooms are dark, but it was just me and my boyfriend staying there so we didnt mind because if we needed light we opened the shades, or turned on some light, big deal.Housekeeping cleaned everyday, yet the room diagonally across from us ordered room service and they never took their cart away, I swear some of those carts were sitting there for 2-3 days, but luckily they werent RIGHT across from us or I wouldve been complaining, but we got a daily paper delivered every morning, and when we checked in we got the deal on the free bottle of liqour courtesy of staying there. And our rooms were close to the elevator.  They could've had an iPod hook up or something for the rooms to cost what they do and for the hotel to be so 'hip' but again, another minor flaw in what was still an awesome trip to Vegas. I will say overall this is one of the hotels that caters to 20-young 30 somethings. And families....I guess.
4	First time actually staying here ...+1 for getting an upgrade to the panorama suite SO AWESOME - view of the strip and bellagio water show+1 for the service being fairly nice -- except for one guy working at the platinum check-in desk. +1 for having a lively casino area -- music, dancers, young crowd+/-1 for the movie themes in each room. Kind of scary because they have the actual costumes that the actors wore in cases around the room. We had hamlet, moulin rouge, and grease. The hamlet one we had to cover with a bed sheet. -1 for the people who try to promote the club at ph "open bar till 4am for $20" --- yeah as long as you hold your pink cup. We didn't go but thanks to fellow yelpers we were saved from being tricked. Definitely stay here again. I've stayed at the Venetian in the past -- it's cool but this place is geared towards a younger demographic.
4	We stayed at the PH because I got a great deal on Expedia. The downside: It's REALLY hard to find your way from the parking garage to check in. You have to walk through a shopping mall. Don't bother! The valet is FREE so drive up to the hotel entrance and let them park it for you. We unfortunately didn't so I had to drag my poor, sick mom about 2 miles through a shopping center before we got to the check in. The check in line was very long... BUT Once we got up there, the service was outstanding, they upgraded our rooms and we got a free bottle of alcohol for each suite. The suites are absolutely gorgeous! We got strip views and extravagant bathrooms with giant bath tubs. The one in my parents' room was so huge you could fit 5 people in there easily. The decor is classy and fun - different movie memorabilia in each room. The bed was like a cloud!!! I wish we could have brought it home. This was my parents' first time to Vegas, and my mom's last vacation before she passed away. I'm glad we stayed here because it was a great experience and we felt like we were in the lap of luxury even though we were on a tight budget. Great deal!
2	Oh, my.Stayed here Friday - Sunday with my boyfriend. We arrived around 2:30 on Friday. Our room was not ready, we were told we'd have to wait about 2 hours. During the check in process the man helping us tried to up-sell us on a room at least 3 times. If I wanted that room, I would have booked it.We decided to go to the casino while waiting for the room. As we walked away, we were approached by an employee who tried to sell us on a timeshare or something. We told him no, he wouldn't give it up. Very annoying.We entered the casino and we were again approached by somebody trying to sell us the timeshare thing. OMG leave me alone! Why are these people so into harassing their guests?Went to Total Rewards to sign up and were AGAIN harassed by somebody for the timeshare!! Gambled a bit, headed back down to the lobby to try to get our room about 90 minutes later. The guy originally helping us was busy, so we went to somebody else who tried to up-sell us on the room AGAIN and then couldn't even find me in the system and had to get the original guy to help him. Get to the room. At first glance, it is very nice. Awesome view of the Bellagio water show. Comfy King size bed. Massive bathroom with a TV over the tub. Then we got settled in and looked closer. There were water stains on the ceiling, a hole in the wall behind one of the doors, scuff marks all over the baseboards and doors. The comfy bed was incredibly squeaky. The TV (probably the cable) in the bedroom sucked and would freeze all the time and get pixelated. Also, the pool was 23 floors below us and the music was so loud there that we could hear it in our room very clearly. After checking in, we laid on the bed for a bit, resting from the drive. After being there about 20 minutes housekeeping busted in and then realized she had already cleaned our room. The rest of the trip nothing bad happened...it was a place to sleep, and I was happy about how comfy the bed was.But this morning everything went downhill again. We had valeted the car, and we went to pick it up around 10:20. They brought it out and informed us that they had backed it into a trailer hitch on a truck and my back bumper is dented. Great. They told us Security would be right over to take a report and tell us what they were going to do about it. We stood outside in the heat by the car for 30 minutes waiting for Security to get there.He arrived, and he was really nice...but nothing was resolved. He took a report, had me write some shit down, he took pictures. He told me somebody would be calling me within 10 days. I have no idea if they plan on fixing my car or what they are going to do...i'll update my review when I hear back from them.
2	good things:center of the stripgood pricemiracle mile shops downstairselevators close to rooms bathrooms have closed in wc, so getting ready is easyBad thingsroom view was to a rooftopbed okaylots of sells people for the westgate, the club, and restuarant, and they are AGGRESSIVEThey made my friends wait 5 hours for a room and refused to take the bags upstairs because they didn't want to feel responsible None the the staff will give you the same information, we were told we could have a late check out for free, they wanted to charge our friends 50 dollarsA manager is NEVER ON DUTY.  whenever you call to complain they tell you the manager is unavailable...all in all, we had a better stay at the flamingo.. sure its a little older but at least they were more professional!!
4	Stayed here one night thanks to my aunt's comped room!  Thanks tita =]The rooms are great here.  Very, very modern & movie-themed.  The beds are sooo comfy.. I feel like I'm lying in marshmellows with the comforter & big down pillows engulfing me in all their goodness.  Nice flat screen TV, full length mirror, and if you & ur buddies go together they have a connecting door so everyone can party together!! Yay for friends!!  The bathroom is sweetness and when I say that I mean shower && tub!! The location of PH is also ideal.  Basically in the middle of the strip, across from City Center & near Caesars & MGM.  The shops here will definitely keep you busy and on a wild goose chase for the exit.  Tho I'm not a big shopper at hotels...they do have affordable stores for the young & thrifty which I appreciate.  There are also many restaurants & bars sprinkled thro the mall so where ever you turn I"m sure you'll find a place to get ur grub or drink on.  Plus, they have Blondies which is supposedly a really fun place to chill out and play around with your friends.  I didn't have time to go but it sure looked like a fun place to be. Casino is nice.  I'm not a big table person but I do occasionally play the slots.  I'm a fan of the Deal or no Deal game hehe.  It's my newest obsession.  And it does build a crowd behind you so don't underestimate the game!!!Don't park in the self park if you are staying here!! HAHA.  Valet is FREEEEE so make sure you take it while you can.  The self-park drops you off in the middle of miracle mile so if you have ur luggage you'll have to trek 5 miles to get to the lobby...not advisable!!!!! Pay the tip, get ur car valeted!  An overall nice experience.  I would love to stay here again.  I was very much satisfied and I could probably spend an entire day just roaming this hotel & hanging out at their bars!
3	Gambling is OK, it does have some pretty good shops, check out the Volcom store.
3	Haha yes, I stayed in the Rambo room!! Knives, movie stills, kick ass memorabilia and six drunk party girls sharing one queen bed, the floor and one bathroom. Oh good times. I'm not sure how pricing goes for this hotel since none of us paid for the room, bought food or drinks from here. We did use the hell out of valet, the bell desk and room maintenance and made sure to tip well when the service was exemplary. Other than the stellar decorations, the room was fairly standard with no extra frills. The bed was comfortable (when not being shared by three other people) and the linens appeared fresh out of the dryer clean. The AC was clearly in working order when we arrived back in our room at 4:30am and felt like we walked into a meat freezer. For Vegas, this place is ok, if you're not trying to hit up other hotels all the time. I'll probably try and stay somewhere else though before coming back.
3	Bumped them up one star. They comped me one night and their insurance company has been totally on top of it in regards to my car.I probably wouldn't stay here again, but I am glad that they handled everything well.
3	Didn't stay here, but did a lot of drinking and gambling here. Drink prices are a little on the high side, but you're paying for a great view (the servers) and to drink in a place that is actually happening.
4	Compared to MGM this place is MUCH BETTER. I reserved a room for 70$ for a Sunday night... so that is why it was cheap. Regardless of the price the staff was attentive and the room was clean and didn't over look rocks. At MGM their "deal" includes a smelly room and a view of the A/C machines.. but that is in my other review. The room:The bed is soft, the tv size was good, and there was ample closet space. Next to the bed were to rather large night stands... but they were more like tables. There was only one small velvety/scratchy couch. Great for putting stuff on. Oh, and there is "office" space with a coffee maker and rolling chair. Bathroom:Large and clean. If it wasn't just 2 people.. maybe 4-5 girls could fit in the restroom to do their makeup hair etc instead of fighting over mirror space. Plus, the toilet is in its own little room incase someone needs privacy.I did try out the tub since hey, I'm paying for the room and utilities and I refuse to use that much water at home... :) It was aweeesome! Woo.Not so great: -I was sad their robes and slippers had tags/bags so I couldn't use them. Boo. -The alarm clock was ipod ready, but I don't have an ipod.. and I couldn't figure out how to use it.Check out is EASY and check in was as well.
4	On my second trip to sin city I stayed here at PH, previously stayed at MGM and that was excellent so this place had big shoes to fill. Lobby was small but the set up was really nice with all the lights. Room was pretty basic nothing special, but the best part was the bathroom. Huge tub(fits 2 people he he). Stand up shower and closet type toilet room. This place lost a star because of the boring room and average pool. To me that's a big deal. This is very conveniently located on the strip, probably one of my favorite casinos. Love watching the go-go dancers on the stripper poles while i was gambling. And the miracle mile shopping was amazing. So many stores and sites I must say that was epic. There so many pros and cons about this place so here is a rundown Pros: Shopping(Mircale mile), bathrooms, casino, location, and easy to get a cab or limo. Cons: Average rooms, pools were just ok, no good clubs in hotel, oh and most of the average rooms have no view
4	Its my second Year staying at Planet Hollywood . Last year it was the Eraser Room . And this Year its Goodwill Hunting . The Room and Amenities are superb and this years room overlooks the Pool. WooHoo.
1	This review is for the room only.Checked in on September 4, 2010 just for one night.  They gave me room 2217 and I immediately brought my bag to the bathroom to inspect the bed and the headboard.  I am SUPER PARANOID about bedbugs so it's always the very first thing I do when checking into a hotel.  There was not a total infestation.  The mattress actually looked okay but as I was ready to start checking the headboard and I noticed one crawling right on the white sheets.  I killed it by smashing it with the ball point pen next to the phone.  At least it was only one but that was all I needed to see.  I then called the front desk and was on hold for about 5 minutes before I was able to speak to someone.  He told me he would have housekeeping come by and take a look.  I said I wanted a new room which they immediately changed.  The lady from housekeeping looked at the bug and confirmed it was a bedbug.The next room I freaked out on and checked it no less than 4 times and I left my bag and everything in the bathroom covered in a huge garbage bag (I brought a garbage bag from home).  In this room I took the headboard apart from the wall and looked extensively with a flashlight (also brought from home) and I saw nothing.  The headboard was attached to the wall with velcro so it wasn't hard to take off or put back on.I woke up several times during the night just to check and see if anything was crawling on the sheets.  Luckily, I saw no bedbugs in the new room.Please, please check your bed and surrounding area.Other than that the staff at PH was friendly but I'm not going to stay here again.
3	3.5 stars!the beds were pretty comfy, but the room was kind of small. the bathroom was really nice. loved the tub, nice and big. wasn't a fan of the glass see through showers. our room was decently priced and we had easy access to the mall for all of our necessities!
3	meh this place is ok I guess. I got hooked up and stayed there for free and also got $250.00 bucks worth in PH vouchers. I got the room that was overlooking the Bellagio water show which was cool. but as for the room itself. I kinda felt like the floors were icky when I had my shoes off. I'm wierd when it comes to things like that. I'm asian so I always take my shoes off before entering my house. I just felt like theirs was gross. hahah As for the casino itself it was pretty cool. Young vibe and also it was connected to the mall which IMO was the highlight of staying at this hotel. If yoiu're playing at the tables they have girls on stripper poles dancing which was pretty entertaining. What would Vegas be without that? hahah Would I stay there again? For Free. Yes. But to pay no.,
3	I would say "meh" but all in all it's not a terrible place to stay. PH definitely gets a bonus star for it's central location on the strip and it's proximity to the Miracle Mile shops. I'm pretty sure we had one of the weirdest rooms you could get here. We had to use our key to get through a set of double doors (like for a suite) then again to get into our actual door. It seems like the two rooms behind the double doors might have once been one mega-suite and they bastardized it down into 2 separate rooms. I agree with other reviewers who say that there isn't enough light in the rooms and about  the lack of closet and drawer space. I wouldn't recommend staying here more than 2 nights unless you don't mind living out of your suitcase.The pool is pretty boring but it does have a nice view of the Eiffel Tower. If you need anything from the front desk, good luck. It's pretty much impossible to get ahold of anyone unless you have a ton of time to kill being on hold. Overall, it's not a terrible place to stay but it is soooo not worth the price they charge. I would definitely NOT stay here again.
2	Came here for the buffet. Long line, but my friends came ahead of us so we zipped in front, sorry to the people behind us. There seemed to be a lot of food choices, but if you look closely, there really aren't many things to actually eat. I didn't eat much, maybe 1.5 plates. I usually go for variety anyways, but having not much variety, it was a disappointment. I would avoid unless it was comped.
2	The parking here sucks big time. Using the self park, you need to walk through the entire mall to get from the back of the property to near the front where the registration desk is located on the floor below registration. Plan to just use the "complementary" valet parking. The rooms are decent, each presumably decorated with artifacts from various movies. Ours was "The Mask.' Also found out why Planet Hollywood is lovingly referred to as "Planet Ho." Was propositioned three times in two days. Either I looked like a sugar daddy or I looked really desperate. Casino floor basically very loud music playing in the evening, although there are some quiet places in the "back" of the casino.
4	I love going to Planet Hollywood. I've stayed there once, but have played in the casino many more times. This is a frequented casino for me on my Vegas trips. Check out the Pleasure Pit when you can - it offers additional entertainment and a welcomed change from the normal casino atmosphere.While you're there, take a walk around the Miracle Mile Shops, and grab some Pink's on your way in or out!
3	the rooms here are alright. there is absolutely no lighting in the room and the bathroom doesn't have a proper door. we were really comfortable otherwise though. the casino is nice and we spent plenty of time gambling there. major bummer on the pool, definitely not a good time.
3	I just came back from PH and I probably would not stay again. It was nice to be near the shops and the music in the casino is great and the casino is a lot of fun.But, the rooms are a bit run down. In our room, one of the doors was broken off the entertainment center.  It's just not that nice.I used the gym and spa. The steam room was full of mold. I walked in and looked at the tile and there was black grime in between all of the tiles. It also had a moldy smell when you breathed the air. Use the dry sauna instead.In the spa, there is no water. Other spas have plenty of ice cold water all around but PH's spa? Nada. I asked if they had water and the attendant went and got me two bottles from the frig in the nail salon. I guess they don't want to give out water. In the gym, instead of giving out water bottles (these are the little 8 oz bottles), they give cups of water to fill from a cooler. Try drinking water from a cup while running on a treadmill or on the elliptical.Anyway, the place is ok and it is convenient. But there are far nicer hotels with clean spas that are not stingy with the water.
4	I stayed here for the first time this past July and I am officially a fan of this place.  Here's why:1. We were booked to stay in the standard "Hollywood Hip" room.  Upon checking in they hooked us up and upgraded our room to a suite (!!!) on the 54th floor.  Beautiful, spacious, and modern.2. Went into the room to get settled in, threw the curtains open and there was a fabulous view of the strip, the pools, and the Bellagio Water Show!3. Hip, young crowd.  Very energetic vibe.  The pool scene reminded me of Spring Break - MTV style! 4. Earl of Sandwich: OMG...best sandwiches ever!  (I will review this separately).5.  The hotel is in the center of everything.  Not much hassle to get around to the other hotels.Stay here if you are looking for a moderately priced hotel with a fun atmosphere!  Maybe they'll be nice an give you an upgrade too ;)
3	Stayed here with a group of 3 girls. We had a standard double room but upgraded up to the next room that included a second vanity.Good: -Comfy beds-Has the BEST sandwich shop in Vegas open 24 hours (Earl's)-Spacious bathroom-Cute decor-Resonably pricedBad:-No iPod deck-Crappy radio (actually just an alarm clock)-Not enough counter space by the sinks-Lighting in the room was dark-No place to hang clothes!
3	The last time I was here was when it was the Aladdin so, I was really looking forward to see how they had changed it in to Planet Hollywood.The casino it self, as well as the shops are ok, but certainly not as "Hollywood" as I expected. I like the murals of the sky's on the ceiling but it just reminded me more of the Aladdin and thought they could have done something more creative and Hollywood like.Overall they have some great little shops, some decent eateries though this definitely is probably one of my least favorite of the Hotels on the strip.
2	If not for the great strip view our room had, this restaurant would deserve only one star. Our stay at P. Ho was a comedy of errors, long delays, and unmet promises.Let's start at the beginning. Showed up around 9pm on a Thursday. I know it is a busy night for hotels because I do what many people do: come on Thursday evening and take Friday off, to squeeze an extra night of fun out of a Vegas stay. So the line was understandably large. But it wasn't large enough that we should have spent 45 minutes waiting. There were only 4 receptionists trying to work through a line that was 30 or so people deep.When we finally cleared the line, we were told that we would not be able to get two adjacent double-queen rooms, let alone adjoining. I told the guy working on us that we would be fine with rooms that were close to each other on the same floor as well. He couldn't find any of those either, and came up with a solution: he would upgrade us for free to two adjoining rooms with a strip view (which we normally wouldn't have access to based on what we paid for), however one of these rooms would have a king bed and the other would have the two queens we asked for.  The receptionist assured us that we would be able to request a rollaway build at no charge. I was honestly satisfied with this outcome, but it gets better:- We could only put our stuff in one room because the adjoining room was not cleaned yet. The room would be ready later in the evening.- When we dialed for the rollaway, we were brusquely told that this would cost an extra $30 per night (!!!) Clearly a case of the foot not knowing what the head is doing, but still. We eventually got it cleared up, but not without going back down to the reception to yell at people.- The bathroom in the king-room had two faucets, but one of these only dispensed hot water. Repeated requests to get this fixed were never fulfilled.Overall we felt that for the amount we had paid for the privilege to stay at PH was high enough that this level of service should have been much higher than it was. Next time I go to Vegas I definitely won't stay at PH... I did have a much better experience with the Venetian in 2009. Heck, Circus Circus might've been a better experience. Sigh.
3	Great awesome place to stay. Service was good, place was clean but its little moldy bathroom & the casino was great but the hallway to the room has 70's theme that make the place outdate... room is average like flamingo room but they charge more...other than that, its good.
4	Stayed here for the first time this past weekend. Went to Vegas on whim and PH offered the best price for what i was looking for. Centrally located on the strip which made it very easy to go around all the hot spots. Miracle Mile is very cool and Earl of Sandwich is open 24hrs. Room was not bad, but housekeeping could use a little help. Overall satisfied with our stay and will definitely come back.
5	zomg totally dont gamble here because they have clothed strippers (oxymoron) dancing next to the gamblin tables. You will lose all your money being distracted by them.Anyways, it is refreshing to see females dancing while I am losing all my money. It's like going to a strip club except I'm not giving my money directly to the strippers but to the craps table. Oh and of course, there are always chances of profit (which is not possible at an actual strip club) but I wouldn't count on it.Just to set things straight I dont stare at the strippers because I'm not a perv or nothing. They were just totally dancing in the area I wanted to gamble in. How annoying!You are thinking, there are alternative gamblin tables at PH where no pole dancing is involved. Well, stop being a smartass.
5	Love this place. Love, love love. Huge, beautiful rooms, large gorgeous bathrooms. I dropped an earring down the sink while I was shitfaced and they sent someone up right away to extract it They're awesome. I had a beautiful view of the strip from the 23rd floor. I could see the pool, which was gorgeous and full of happy, drunk people. I. LOVE. IT. I don't care cause I was already drunk when I got there, but the waits to check in are ALWAYS long as shit. Like, 30 minutes long. If that's the worst thing that happens during an awesome stay in Las Vegas, I'll take it.
4	This was my first trip to Vegas, and therefor the first hotel I've stayed in there. Overall it was a great experience. We had a room on the top floor of one of the "wings" (these sections go up to floor 23) with an awesome view of the strip and the mountain in the distance. Like other people have said, the rooms are kind of dark, but it wasn't the end of the world. The bathroom was HUGE and well lit. There was a shower, large tub, and plenty of counter space. There was also a huge mirror on the wall outside of the bathroom, which was great for getting ready to go out. Beds were comfy and I didn't have any trouble sleeping. We were on a pretty quiet floor, so noise wasn't an issue, and the only traffic you could hear was the occasional siren or horn. Of all the hotels/casinos we went in, the Plant Hollywood was my favorite. The casino ceilings are high, so it didn't have the claustrophobic feeling I got in other places. The music is loud and upbeat, which I love, but get how that can be annoying to some people. The whole place was super young and fun, which is exactly what we were hoping for. The location is awesome, right in the middle of the strip. It's attached to the Miracle Mile shops, which were fun to walk around in, and it's right across from the Bellagio so you're in prime position to watch the fountains. The pool deck (6th floor) has an awesome view of the Eiffel Tower next door. We ate at the Earl of Sandwich quite a bit because the food was good and it was cheap in terms of Vegas. Drinks at Heart Bar were pretty pricey (we spent $23 for two drinks here, and $18 for the same thing at Hard Rock). Par for the course, but still painful. Never made it up to the club here, despite being handed wrist bands three different times. Maybe next trip. Overall it was a really great hotel experience. The staff was very nice and accommodating, rooms were great, atmosphere was great and location was great. Would totally stay here again.
4	Vegas for my birthday? Yes please!My friends had comps for free rooms and PH so they got 2 rooms -- one for them and one for the boyfriend and me. I know my friends would have complaints because the first person they spoke to when checking in was a bitch, but w/ some persistence we got nice rooms!We were on the 26th floor right very close to the elevator! Our room was very nice. We had the usual amenities -- 2 queen beds, closet, desk, spacious bathroom, etc. We had a shower AND a tub so that was pretty cool. When I stayed at New York New York, they had an alarm clock that you could attach your iPhone to. PH didn't have that...Each room had different famous items behind some glass. My friend's room had a bloody shirt from some movie I think (I forgot to check which movie) and some dirty ass socks. Our room had a syringe and something else that freaked me out but I forgot what it was. Also, there was little to no lighting. Our window was pretty small which could've been a factor, but still.They need to provide more lighting! It bothered my friend so much that she called and asked for an extra lamp.We had to park at the first parking structure we could find which was the parking structure that attaches to the Miracle Mile Shop. It was a pretty long walk to our hotel room from there. That was a pretty big pain.PH is almost in the middle of the strip and I like that. I'd be down to book a room at PH again.
4	Excellent stay. The rooms are themed from different celebrity. Purple and black seems to be the trimmings. Large, spacious rooms, nice TV. Right in the smack middle of everything. There is shopping, bars, restaurants, and many more. It's located closely to everything. I like it here. They have a 24 restaurant downstairs, which is really nice. The food there is yummy. Daily Planet is what it is called. If I want a fun time in Vegas(partying) this is the hotel I would stay at. (=
4	I am very happy this has became apart of Harris gaming! They are the only ones that have keno at the bar (heart bar). I love this bar. Sandy and Michael are the best as far as bartenders go! When ever i am at the strip i alway go into see them. In the day time it is a slow pace which i love. I am not about the clubbing type scene. At night full of young people drinking and it turns loud.
5	This place is where you want to be if you value comfort and location on the Vegas Strip. The rooms are stellar with the beds and bathrooms being very comfortable. In room safe and flat screen TVs add to the quality. The hotel itself has an excellent sports book, great shopping, good food, and a fantastic theme: sexy women in lingerie dealing cards and craps! The location on the strip is prime. If you are on your first trip to Vegas and are between 21 and 30 go here no questions asked. I go to Vegas multiple times per year and always stay at Planet Hollywood. Its always a superior experience for the price.
1	Casino staff unknowledgeable and incompetent this trip.  Attempted to use a $25 match play coupon for roulette.  I first went to "Guest Services" to inquire as to the procedure.  She did not have a clue, but directed me to the "Player's Club".  Went there next, and that employee also did not have a clue.  He directed me to the cashier's cage.  I go there and am told to take the coupon directly to the dealer (no voucher or anything else needed).  So I next take the coupon to the roulette dealer.  This is now the 4th Planet Hollywood Casino employee I have dealt with.  The dealer didn't know what to do, and so called her supervisor.  This supervisor glanced briefly at the coupon and shook his head NO, that they wouldn't honor it.  So I asked to speak with his supervisor (now employee #6).  She comes over.  She is very pleasant and tries to be helpful.  She examines the coupon closely and just isn't sure what to do.  She tries to send me to the Player's Club (nope...already been there, they're not interested), then tries to send me back to the cashier's cage (nope.....already been there, they're not interested either).  Then she decides that they won't honor the coupon because it mentions something about the former A-List Players Club (rather than the current Total Rewards Club since Harrah's took over)......however she will call her boss on the phone (now employee #7).  So after waiting another 10-15 minutes, her unseen boss also says NO, they won't honor the coupon.  So I proceed to take down names and job titles and plan to file a formal complaint with Harrah's corporate offices.  I had a valid coupon that I purchased.  It clearly said 'PLANET HOLLYWOOD", which is exactly where I was at, and that it expired 12/31/2010, and that it was good for up to a $25.00 match bet on any table game in the Casino.  Coupon holders BEWARE.  You will be given the run around and treated shabbily at PLANET HOLLYWOOD CASINO.  The employees there, including the Supervisors, do not have a clue what they're doing when dealing with marketing coupons.
3	As a college student I am not at all picky when it comes to hotels in Vegas. Planet Hollywood did a fair job, well sized, queen sized bed, and a futon. But their can definitely be some improvements the biggest one being ICE MACHINE, they only have two, one on two different floors of the hotel. What the heck is this?! why why why on earth would you only make two ice machines accessible, how the heck are me and my friends going to mix drinks with all the booze we brought from home huh?! dont you think about your customers PH? secondly we could have used some more blankets overall a decent experience we fit 9 people into a room made for 2. Yay for college and cheap vegas experiences
5	The room was nicely decorated with hollywood memorabilia and a decent flat screen tv.  The bathroom was large and had a good shower and hot tub.  The room was very dark so it was easy to sleep in a little after being out partying very very late. Plenty of room for a mid range priced room.The casino is hands down the best to casually gamble at.  I've stayed and played at 8 casinos over a long period of time and am a big fan.  Always seems to be exciting in their even if you are not winning.  This is not for the older Vegas visitor if you want it quiet. But if you are a young visitor up to 50ish and are into a lively place you must play and visit here.
3	This hotel was nothing special at all, other than the bathroom. The bathroom consisted of a really nice tub, shower, separate toilet room, and two vanities. However, in Vegas, us three girls needed juuuust one more vanity ;-PBeds were way too soft and lumpy and we couldn't get any music playing. There was simply a clock radio that couldn't keep a tune, and there were no music channels on the TV.On the upside, there are really yummy food choices. For example, Earl's is open 24 hours and has the most amazing sandwiches. YOLO's is delicious Mexican food too.It was a good choice for the price, but it simply did not impress.
3	We came to this casino to gamble and visit some friends.  There was nothing special about this hotel.  The rooms looked average and the casino was the same.There were the Miracle Mile shops located inside the casino which made it convenient to shop if you needed something.  The shops included clothing stores, restaurants, and a ABC store.
3	i stayed over at planet hollywood the last time i was in vegas and the hotel isn't too bad. the casino area is a lot more hip than most of the casinos on the strip. the atmosphere is a much younger demographic, hence the loud top 40s music playing throughout the casino. as for the hotel rooms, there isn't too much to write home about. the rooms itself are pretty clean, but the furnishings do show some wear and tear. the advantages to staying here though are the cheaper food options and the mall attached to the hotel itself. the mall is pretty much something you would find back home, so it won't cost you too much to pick up a last minute outfit if needed!
4	My wife and I got married here at Planet Hollywood...I myself had never been inside the casino before that time, heck its Vegas...there are so many casinos so little time.I was actually pretty damn impressed with the casino itself.  In fact my wife loved it so much she wants to stay here from now on when we come to Vegas.   I can not speak for the rooms but the casino itself it well laid out.  They have free parking in the back.  The only issue is that to get to the casino you HAVE TO walk through all the Miracle Mile Shops in the back.  The only way around them would be to be dropped off on the side or the front of the casino.  Its a pretty long walk from the parking garage through those shops, but they are really nice shops so you can always do some window shopping.With Vegas Strip casinos its all about location.  This used to be the Aladdin Casino back in the day (its where Elvis got married).  Its right across from the Bellagio and right next door to Paris and the Flamingo.  I look forward to staying here next time we visit Vegas.  :0)
2	I am a little late with reviewing.. but stayed at PH in mid May for a few days with girlfriends (late 20's). This hotel is just okay... The hotel didn't feel as busy as some of the others, so we felt we had the place to ourselves. We ate at Yolos when we arrived - the food was good and the margarita's great! We ate at Koi another night for their happy hour - great deal and as always, Koi was splendid! Peepshow was really fun! We were in a Resort room - and it was perfect for three girls, we never felt crowded; plus the bathroom was a great size for the three of us - separate toilet and two sink stations. We ate breakfast daily at the Planet Dailes restaurant - was fine for breakfast. Also, ate at the Buffet before heading to the airport to leave - don't waste your time, not good and super crowded! Do yourself a favor and go eat at the Buffet at Aria...was awesome! We didn't spend much time at our hotel other than to sleep, attempt to sit by the pool by day, eat a few meals and see Peepshow. We partied by night at other hotels as the nightlife in this hotel is not that lively. Pros: Location, Koi, Peepshow, despite other reviews, our room was a great size for 3 girls, large bathroom, MiracleMile mall Cons: Pool (small) and has chairs places randomly around the area, nothing in the pool area was open, buffet not good, very young crowd (early 20 somethings), $25 for use of the fitness center Overall, I probably would not stay here again as I like a nice pool area and more of a nightlife.
5	This place was very nice to stay at. The room was very cool looking n it was jus the basic one. We got a view of the strip right in front of bellagio got to see the water show all day every day! The bed was soooo comfy to! The only thing was is they ddnt have many places to hang out or many choices to eat we always had to leave the hotel n go somewhere else although they do have my fav resteraunt in there PF Changs!!! Overall I would def recommend for the price n the location on the strip.
4	The hotel/casino is nicely located, upbeat and has impressive midstream rooms.  We had two rooms, a Top Gun themed one and The Fugitive themed other.  Both rooms had comfy king beds, nice flat screen tv's, and large bathrooms with showers and separate jacuzzi tubs. The casino floor had a younger vibe to it and played a mix of popular music loudly at all times.  There were a decent amount of restaurants and the decor was just average for Vegas. Overall, we would stay again.
4	I have been to Vegas annually on and off for about 15 years and have always stayed at the Venetian, the Luxor or the New York-New York, so for my baby brother's 21st birthday, we thought we'd mix it up and got a great deal through cheaptickets.com to stay at Planet Hollywood. I remember this place back when it was the Aladdin, but good ol' 9/11 killed that bucket of fun and the hotel was converted to an LA theme (even though most of the mall is still Aladdin-themed?).LA theme? Well, that encompasses SHOPPING, of course! The Miracle Mile mall has tons and tons of your average mall fare, with legitimate restaurants instead of a food court, and your standard shops. The two ABC stores inside definitely saved our wallets from crying at the price of Vegas booze - this Hawaiian chain sells tall cans for less than $3! In the land of $7 12oz Bud Lights... yes please! So that was a major perk to staying here.. convenient beers up until 1am!The casino is just like any other, although I dug the decor and the music playing all over the place (including the bathroom!). Nothing like wiping your ass to AC/DC when you're hungover at 11am! The room was much better than I anticipated! At such cheap prices, I was expecting a dungeon dwelling, but my boyfriend and I had a  comfortable king-size bed with a decent view of the Bellagio fountains and a large flat screen TV that was kind of at a weird angle to the bed, but I didn't come to Vegas to watch sports in my hotel when I can do that downstairs and get drunk! Everything was clean, the A/C worked to perfection, and the bathroom was MASSIVE! Like, size of our bedroom massive! Easily fit all my girly crap on one side while my boyfriend's measly razor and toothpaste fit on the other. Big tub, shower with enough space for two people (wink!) and big, big mirrors to check yourself out in before you hit the Strip for the evening!But perhaps the best part about staying here was the **LOCATION**. It's pretty much RIGHT in the middle of the Strip, where everything is happening, and we didn't have to cough up the money for cabs everywhere!! For the price we paid, I couldn't have asked for better accommodations. I will definitely be staying here in the future!
3	I love the theme and the hotel is very up beat!! The room was better than I expected, a big plus! My bf, a friend and I were walking here from venetian and got a little lost since PH restaurant and hotel are in two separate places. That was very inconvenient and misleading. Doesn't make sense to have those 2 separated. The customer service was ok. Could have been way better. I wanted to order room service since I was exhausted from the wkend and the dine in menu was missing in our room. We called for a menu and nothing half an hr later. Called again and they tell us it's in the room book. Told her it wasn't. Obviously, I wouldn't call if we had one. Getting cranky from waiting and starving. Was not a happy camper from then. Didn't order room service because they took too long so we headed out to find food.
4	I'm a big fan of PH.  Let me first clarify that I"ve been to Vegas tons of times and never with kids.I love the PH for the following reasons:Condition.  The hotel and rooms have all been recently remodeled after they bought the property from Alladin a few years ago.  All the rooms have new carpets, new flat screen HDTV with tons of channel and comfortably furnished.Crowd.  Unlike Mandalay with its shark tank or Venetian with its canals PH isn't actually a mega tourist magnet.  I find this a big plus because the hotel never gets too packed so that you have to wait hours to get a table at the restaurants.  Same case with the casino floor: I have never had to wait for a place at a table, slot or at the sports bookie.Location.  PH is located between Paris and MGM Grand and directly across the Bellagio.  Why do I like this?  Well, what's the point of paying tons of money to stay at a Bellagio fountain view room where you can pay less for a room at PH with the same view of the fountain?Price.  As with every other big hotel on the strip this hotel can get super expensive when there's a big event such as a championship boxing match.  However, during a normal weekend I think they offer the best value for your bucks compared to other hotels in the same price range.  Also, with the discount they give you for their buffet you'll be hard pressed to find a better deal on the strip.
3	Casino:  It's super sexy.  I'm like a crow, attracted to all the sparkly, shiny, glowing orbs of pink.  Easy access to the Strip, kick ass bar to lounge about with good music for nights when you don't really want to go to a night club but you still want to initiate "Project No Liver Left Behind".  Can't really complain when you have easy access to a mall right next door.  Especially when it's a mall that serves up margaritas in long, phallic drink containers!Rooms:  Well, here's where I have to say, meh.  The standard ones, they're okay.  Definitely an okay price if you're headed into Vegas for just the weekend.  I'm more partial to pimped out penthouse suites.  But they're comfy enough.
3	We booked the basic room at PH and were happy with the price paid given the hotel was rated 4 stars. Upon arrival, we waited in line about an hour to check in. I would think perhaps adding one or two more people to assist with the process would make the customers first experience with PH much more positive. The front desk person told us they didn't have any no smoking rooms available even though we had reserved one. They could upgrade us for $20 more per day. What a gimmick! We heard them use the same technique on several others as we were waiting in line. Not wanting a smoking room, we paid the extra $60 plus tax for three nights. At this price point, we would have considered other hotels. Next, we asked the check-in person if we could have a quiet room since I am a light sleeper. She said, 'I have assigned you a nice, quiet room on the 30th floor.' Well, our quiet room shared a wall with two elevators. The constant sound of the elevators was extremely loud in our room, so thanks for the nice, quiet room!The room was okay, but rooms at the Luxor Towers, Treasure Island, Mirage, and obviously, Bellagio are all larger and nicer. For about the same price, next visit I would opt for Treasure Island, Luxor, MGM or Monte Carlo!
2	2 stars because they never let ANYONE VALET and they give you shit...  I was dropping good money at every casino on the strip and they all were more than happy to Valet my car, but not PH!  GAY!
4	Nice, clean and not over-the-top grandiose like most hotels in Vegas. I'd gladly stay here again.
4	Planet Hollywood is a great place to stay while on the Strip. Centrally located in the center of the Strip, it provides easy access to all hotels and casinos. The rooms are great, especially after the remodel (formerly the Aladdin Hotel). Each room features Hollywood memorabilia...with clean beds and bathrooms. The casino is decent, but definitely not my favorite. As a poker player, I find their Poker Room too open, with too much noise. There is decent shopping to be done, with no over priced couture shops (which is either a good or bad thing depending on your shopping habits). The restaurants are plentiful, with something sure to please whatever your dining pleasure may be for the day. All in all, Planet Hollywood is a very casual hotel with a good vibe...
2	This hotel (Casino not included) is not out of this planet - world? This is the second time I've stayed here and I'm not completely impressed. I get the whole wanting to get the dimly lit, dark furnishing Hollywood vibe, but what is with that niche in the room? That huge space between the two faux columns in the rooms are not convincing anyone that it's supposed to be that way. The Elvis room had a shadow box in the niche with a night light that spooked me. My bed was right next to it and needless to say my back was turned to it the entire stay (no disrespect to the King). The biggest complaint was the water pressure in the shower? There are toilets that have more pressure than this in any hotel and in any town. How can the tub have more pressure than the shower? Well they get a star for the comfy tub and the pressure there. Our room didn't get cleaned the first night. Do they not keep track of which rooms have been cleaned? None of the trash cans were emptied, hair stuck to the shower floor...sad. The beds were comfy, but the lighting in the room and bathroom is awful. The lights in the bathroom made us look greenish yellow and the room itself was dark and dreary. there are only 2 drawers to unpack your clothes...actually, i should probably shouldn't unpack considering the room we ended up with is a smoker's room - bleh! I think we booked early enough to reserve a nonsmoking room. I'd wake up in the middle of the night inhaling smoke residue - I could feel it going up my nose...disgusting! I don't think they did a full-on renovation because they have some of the Aladdin fixtures and wallpaper. Who do they think they're kidding? I really enjoy gambling at this casino, but they really need to work on the hotel.
4	I had a one bedroom suite and I was surprised to find a jacuzzi hot tub in my bed room!  It also had a wash/dryer in the bathroom.  I could have lived there.  The room had a projector screen TV, full kitchen and a pull out couch.  Pretty sweet!The only draw back is the maze that connects you to Planet hollywood and the miracle mile.  Not fun when you're just trying to find your room and get to bed.
4	I find this hotel to be quite lovely. When it opened, it was one of the first to really modernize and upscale the decor. I still am hypnotized and enchanted by all the sparklies and shinies everywhere. Those colorful balls are awesome!I have been spoiled by the Palazzo suites, so now regular-sized suites, to me, seem small. They're still pretty cool, especially when you decorate them with caution tape for a birthday!The restaurants inside the hotel are actually pretty good. Everyone loves Earl of Sandwich because it's so accessible, Planet Dailies is good for American food, Yolos has great chips and salsa and Mexican food, and Strip Steak is their fancy and tasty steakhouse.Unfortunately, at the moment, PH doesn't have much of a club scene. Prive closed down because of shady management, and Koi is a sorry excuse for a club. Please don't go there (http://www.yelp.com/biz/koi-las-vegas-2#hrid:tlABUss3VIxG44GWmDrWvQ)... I'm trying to save you!My BF loves to gamble in their casino. I like to strut around and people watch in this fun casino. Their central bar, The Heart Bar is sexy as hell. Actually much of PH is sexy... :)PH gets huge points for the Miracle Mile Shops - you can just pick up anything you need that you may have forgotten you need, like some patent leather leggings or fishnet stockings. How convenient!I have to say, I was really unimpressed by their pool situation. They have two teeny tiny pools in the corners of a gigantic cement area on top of the casino. The cabanas are just jazzed-up EZ-Up tents that they charge an arm and a leg for. My suggestion, and what we did, was walk through the Miracle Mile Shops to the Planet Hollywood Westgate pool instead - it's gorgeous, fun, and bigger. (See review for more details: http://www.yelp.com/biz/planet-hollywood-towers-by-westgate-las-vegas#hrid:E1YnkqHysH2EaSWEegtDrQ)Overall, I like to stay at this place. It's fun for younger Vegas-goers like us, it's centrally located, and it's connected to the Miracle Mile! What more could you want?!
1	My friend and I were harassed by their staff person Mohamed last Friday (Nov 12) around 8:20 PM.  My friend and I were on our way to meet friends for dinner and got in the cab line to go to our destination.  The worker, Mohamed, who hails the cabs and puts us in the cab that they EMPLOY, asked us if we were Call Girls with a gross tone and looking at us like we were meat.  We were both wearing jeans and tank tops and regardless of what we were wearing that is UNCALLED for.  My friend said I'm a married women to him and he laughed at us and the cab driver was appalled that he said this as well and told us to call the hotel immediately.  We looked up the number to Planet Hollywood and spoke to the front desk manager Joe Magid around 8:30 PM.  Joe was not helpful, I actually think he thought the situation was funny.  Its not funny, its rude and horrible that they let their staff treat their guests like that. Joe was not apologetic and didn't really seem like he wanted to take my call.  Joe claimed he would mention something to him but I don't think that he did because when I called to get Mohamed's last name for all the complaints I will be writing, Guy Nason, the Bell Caption was not informed that this happened.   Guy was very nice and actually told me he would be speaking to Mohamed immediately about this situation, Mohamed should not be surprised because I told him I would be reporting him. Anyway back to Joe, he told me to drop by when I got back from our night to talk to him and when we did he was not working.  We asked to speak to the other front desk manager and the girl at the front desk asked what it was about.  We told her the story and she told us that we should take it as a compliment because we are good looking and he probably meant that.  I'm sorry but I would never take are you call girls as a compliment and I can't believe she would say this.  What kind of people are they hiring at this hotel?  Anyway after we told her the story she claimed that the manager was in a meeting even though she never left the front area.   I will never stay at this hotel again!  Planet Hollywood should be ashamed of their workers.  Guy Nason did seem nice and concerned so I hope that he is actually speak with his worker, as for Mohamed, Joe, and the girl at the front desk that thinks being called a call girl is a compliment all need some training in the Sexual Harassment Department.
3	This place caters more to the younger, hip crowd, and that's why I chose it.  But honestly, there's not real need to stay here.  Its more expensive than many other hotels.  If I could do it again, I wouldn't pay the extra money to stay at this hotel.  I actually would have preferred to stay at the MGM, or even Imperial.  Choose a place with a club you plan on visiting.  This place didn't have it.Derek
1	According to the director of customer service the guy with the foreign accent asked us if we were cowgirls.  So I guess when my friend completely freaked out on him about the call girl thing he didn't understand.  Thats still really lame.  Learn English please!
2	I stayed in the PH Towers by Westgate and it was awesome (read my review for that). The main Hotel and Casino, however, was a dud. The only few things they have going on here is Earl of Sandwich, Pinks Hot Dogs (not good compared to the one in LA), Peepshow, and Miracle Mile Shops, which is next door. I bet half of the people here wouldn't be staying here if they weren't watching Holly Madison strut her stuff.  The Heart Bar lounge was just ok, but I think this hotel caters to people in the 35-45 age range. Planet Hollywood doesn't even have a club! We went to Koi Lounge  because it was "Ladies Night"-free for ladies, guys pay $20, but apparently every night is "Ladies Night" LOL! Girls get a pink cup and you can't share with the guy.1 drink for a guy will cost you $17, without tip. There isn't anywhere to chill-no room to anyway, and everyone just stands around, which was Lame! Casino sucked arse. They have almost every machine you could think of, but only 2-3 of them...Great that they have no resort fees, but then again...these fees would be put to nothing, since there's basically nothing here!
4	I didn't stay here but it was the furthest I felt like walking most of the time from my hotel. I was dying to play War and this hotel had a War table so I went. I'd love to come back and gamble here! All of my dealers were awesome and the table minimums were GREAT. The atmosphere was good for my 20-something self. The cocktail waitresses also come around pretty frequently, which is nice. Although I must say this...the setup is a little rough. I couldn't walk away from a table without losing direction.
4	I wind up coming here to gamble or eat every time I go to Vegas and yet I've never stayed here.  It has a great casino, good restaurants and bars, and easy access to the Miracle Mile shops. Let us not forget the Earl of Sandwich and the Pleasure Pit.I'm a fan.
4	The best view of the Bellagio water fountain show and the Cosmopolitan Hotel!!Each room has a different theme you can either get an athlete or an actor. The beds was super comfortable and plush. I love how they give you lots of pillows!! Oh and the pillow was plush as well :D The shower and tub were separated which was a plus!! Big screen TVLove how theres a mall in this hotel!! Its so convenient!!
4	One of the nicer properties on the strip. I stayed here when it was an SPG property and before they got bought out by the Harrah's Group(Now called Caesar's Entertainment).Each room has a piece of movie memorabilia. My room had the wrench from the movie "Hoffa" which I haven't heard about nor seen before but I hear other rooms have cool stuff like Back to the Future props.I booked the most basic room but due to elite status was upgraded to a premium room with a fantastic view of the pool and the Bellagio fountains. The bathroom had a separate door for the toilet which was convenient in that when someone had to go, other people would use the sinks and whatnot. There were two sinks so we obviously filled one with ice to keep our alcohol chilled.At night there's an area of the gaming tables where dancers get up and dance called "the love pit". The hotel and gaming areas really convey "sexy" in every way.
2	Maybe this place is about movie stars but definitely not about my Yelp stars... It all began on a Friday afternoon when we arrived to Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino.  First thing that bothered me was that there was only 3 or 4 guys working the hotel's valet.  Hmm... isn't Friday the busiest arrival day in Vegas?   The Valet was full and since there's a mall next to the hotel, the self-parking lot was packed! I forgot to mention, it was also Black Friday.  When you drive to Las Vegas from LA you know your ass is tired. I just wanted to get off the car and check in.  Do you know how anxious a person gets when they get to Las Vegas?  All that road trip through the desert to see that beam of light from Luxor can get a person pretty excited.  On top of that, you will most likely find traffic on the strip when getting to this hotel so the last thing I wanted was to self-park or find a full valet.  Finally we managed to convince the valet guys to let us squeeze one more car so they got their tip for that.The Room:  Pretty decent beds and furniture, nothing special.  Wait a minute!  No mini fridge?  In a double Queen Suite???  Why do I see Rambo's grenades or Terminator's sunglasses displayed on the coffee table like a museum but I don't get a mini fridge?  Dear Planet Hollywood: Did you know your hotel is in Las Vegas and people need to store alcohol in a cold place?  Geez, what am I going to do with Rambo's grenades when I need a cold beer?  Also,  I hate how there's no locks on bathroom doors.  I understand this is Planet Hollywood and retards probably come here to pretend they are movie stars and party like them which may result in over doses that could result in hospitals which could lead to deaths and therefore no locks are safe and all that safety babble... But I'm not a retard and I definitely don't want to act like a Hollywood star!  I want to take my shower privately so that house keeping can't surprise me in the shower!  There should be an option for people that want locks on bathroom doors that wont act like retards.They also charge a fee if you call for towels or even cups.  Ridiculous.  People tip the employees that bring stuff to the room so why take away their money with your fees Planet Hollywood?  Bad business etiquette.The Casino:  It's a Las Vegas Casino, nothing special.  Prices average just like anywhere on the strip but I did like $15 minimum bets on Saturday nights compared to $20 in other casinos on the strip.  The free beveragesskimped out on alcohol though.  I'm spending money here so please give me a real drink!  My gin and tonic tasted like 7up and Zima... I'm ordering beer bottles next time.  There was this one dealer at the roulette table that ignored us for a long time.  We dropped the money on the table like we're supposed to waiting for chips and since he gave us no attention we had to speak up and shake the bills in the air "hey! I need chips!" .  The guy got mad saying we need to leave the money on the table.  No shiz, dickhead!  It was there for almost 5 minutes and your lazy ass never noticed.  First roll came through and a zero hits the roulette when we were playing numbered rows only.... This guy was just bad luck.   We moved to another table where Koko, the Korean dealer, took care of us.  We had some luck up in that table!  Up $570 thanks to Koko.  I'll gamble with her for sure next time.  We found this table with only one person and turned it into 8 - 10 people throwing their money there.To conclude my stay, I liked the proximity to the mall, the strip and specially to Earl of Sandwich (must have, read my review) but the hotel and the casino was pretty Meh...  I don't think I'll be booking my stay in this place again but I'll definitely come play roulette with Koko.
5	I loved loved loved this casino!I went to Vegas for 4 days with my husband and we visited all the hotels and almost all the casinos. We found that this one was the best in music and ambiance. While other casinos are more elegant and sophisticated, this one feels way more fun! Like for young people!. The music is amazing, the dealers are very friendly and they do everything to make you have a great time while playing. The times goes by so fast in here!The service is good... could be better but at least the waitress are checking on your drinks every now and then... they won't abandon you.And yes, there are girls dancing in a pole in front of you in some of the tables, so this is the perfect place for a bunch of guys on a bachelor's party. Girls, drinks, gambling... what else could you ask for guys?
4	Just got back from seeing a concert in Planet Hollywood and we were able to get cheap rooms.Thanks to some of the pictures of the rooms on yelp, I knew a lot about the hotel already.  I was bummed to find out on here that the rooms did not have a mini fridge and it did kinda get in the way also because they didn't even have an ice bucket so we had to use the trash cans to fill up with ice, then pour into our cooler.Also with three people staying in a double queen room, it was really hard to find enough power outlets for all of our phones, they had most of them taken to power their displays inside of the room.  Overall though it was a really nice room, I love the decor of the whole place, the casino was nice, the halls were nice and it just made it a cool place to stay.
4	I really was trying to check-in @ the miracle mile shops, but it couldn't pull it up quick enough with the amount of battery I had on my phone ;)Well, I adore this casino for sight-seeing & spending money shopping (not losing money in the machines)At least, if you were able to stay here, everything is near-by, just within the casino itself.I always park on the 3rd floor of the parking garage (I've been pretty lucky with always finding a parking on this floor)I mostly come to this place, just for urban outfitters (getting pricey), Steve madden (more selections), and H&M (worst one in town).But all-in-all, I enjoy the scenery and on the side you may enjoy a margarita drink for the walk ;)
4	I love staying at this hotel. The crowd tends to consist of hot urban yuppies which is great! The rooms are quite nice "The Hollywood Hip Room" This hotel used to be the Aladdin, so there are traces of Aladdin like the knobs for the sink, etc. However, the room has been decorated with Hollywood memorabilia, large flat screen TV, and the beds are very comfortable with duvet sheets of course.First of all, when you check into this hotel, make sure you valet your car. If you self park, you will have to walk the whole span of the Miracle Mile Shops to get to your room which is quite unfortunate. Valet is free except that you have to give them gratuity. If you are going to do some gambling, do it at night time where they have awesome clubbing music downstairs. It is a great opportunity to people watch as there are hotties roaming around. Also, the pleasure pit is where scantily clad women are dancing on the stripper poles enticing men to gamble their money away. If you don't feel like gambling, the Miracle Mile shops offer typical mall shopping especially if you need a new outfit to go out to the clubs. For eats, Earls is the best. It is cheap, open 24hrs, and has great sandwiches for that late night/early morning snack to absorb all that alcohol that you've been drinking earlier that day.
2	Really disappointed with my stay, but I guess it wasn't really a big deal because all I did in the hotel room was sleep and rest... sooo... with that said..The "Hollywood hip room" (two queens) was seriously lacking everything:- not enough lighting... so dim.- the room was either too freakin cold or too freakin hot!! I always woke up in the middle of the night freezing or burning up...- we didn't get any duvet covers?!- no mini fridge??- no ice bucket?- annoying to use the bathroom because the shower wasn't in a separate room from the sink... especially if you're sharing a room with others.- poorly designed, as my friends constantly hit their head against the glass-framed pictures/random wall that stick out from the bed... Other than that, everything else was okay. The hotel itself was nice... it gets confusing walking around inside, since the place is really flashy. Also a great location with easy access to nearby hotels and Earl of Sandwich (http://www.yelp.com/biz/earl-of-sandwich-las-vegas)!... but if you plan on clubbing a lot, I'd recommend else where because we had to cab it to xs, lax, etc., since they were pretty far (or at least too far in heels). But the theme was really cool since each room had different actors and such and the walls had handprints of celebrities.Oh yes. and guys will have a fun time in the casino. A lot of eyecandy/distraction for them boys. We almost lost a friend because he stopped and got sidetracked when we were trekking our way back to the hotel room.
4	This is actually one of my favorite places to park, shop and stay. The rooms are small but nice. Great location,  not too pricey, and the Miracle mile is great for middle class shopping.  YES! a mall normal people can afford things on the strip!
3	Everything here is pretty decent but nothing out of the ordinary.HOTEL: Check in was quick but they had run out of King non-smoking rooms, so we ended up with two Queen beds.  All the rooms are themed and we had The Munsters with Grandpa's cape, Eddie's outfit, and giant photos of the cast watching you as you bathe and sleep.  The room was comfortable and quiet, and the bathroom was huge.  Things have been redone since it was the Aladdin, but it definitely isn't on par with the nicer Vegas hotels as things were a bit scuffed and one of our towel hooks had been torn off the wall.  JB didn't have an iron in her room and was told they didn't have any.  She kept at it and they were able to bring one up pretty quickly.SHOPS: The shops definitely still have the Aladdin feel although I'm not sure how they would make it feel more Hollywood.  Perhaps homeless folks in front of all the shops?  The shops were mostly what you would find at a nice mall back home, but they did have a huge Ben Sherman store (probably as big as the one on Carnaby Street in London).  Thumbs up for that.CASINO: The casino floor is pretty small yet is very easy to get lost in.  The blackjack tables had $15 minimums, which went up to $25 on Saturday afternoon.  Our dealer complained that as a Harrah's hotel they wouldn't allow her to grandfather us into the $15 price yet she did so anyway.  Thanks!SPORTS BOOK: The sports book has a ton of TVs and a huge scrolling ESPN type ticker, but only three low rows of fairly comfy leather chairs.  We had no problem finding seats for the Army-Navy game, but I expect it would be tough to find a spot on an NFL Sunday or during March Madness.  There was a new bet taker who was totally confused and tried to give me a parlay of Tennessee winning and losing at the same time.  Fortunately, I was able to set him straight.THEATER: We came for the Dave Matthews & Tim Reynolds show and the acoustics were great.  The place seats about 7,000 so it's not super intimate, but far better than going to a huge arena.
4	Came here for the JYJ concert on Sunday November 14th! The rates were pretty good at $70 for a standard double. I really liked that the hotel was conveniently next to the concert venue and mall right next door. The casino looked fun but hey I was here to report on the concert for work so no gambling for me! Even though I just turned 21 :) The bed was super comfortable and soft. I also liked that the coffe table in my room was glass and had a pistol inside as decoration. Thought that was pretty cool. Only downside is that the hallways are really long to walk through so sometimes if I come through a different elevator it took me awhile to find my room.
4	Quick & Dirty:  Fun, Hip, Under 40 Vibe.  Modern rooms, loud club-like casino, with pole dancers to boot. Long & Loud:  PH Hotel and Casino is like an LA. night club that knocked up a W Hotel and they had a baby at a strip club located in a mall.The Room:  We had "The Fugitive" room with Harrison Ford and Tommy Lee Jones pictures all around. The bathroom had a nice big tub, and the room was pretty modern.  No mini bar though and there also wasn't an iPod docking alarm clock radio.  The Casino:  Is LOUD!  If you like quiet casinos then go someplace else.  This one has music pumping loud.  There are pole dancers at night in the "Pleasure Pit" which is the table gaming area.  Overall, PH is pretty cool and in a great location on the strip.  The Miracle Mile Mall is convenient and kind of cool.  One of the nice things about PH is that it's part of Caesars, so it's a Total Rewards Casino!  POINTS!!!There is one thing I should mention.  I was approached by Call Girls on three different occasions.  I'm not into that so it was annoying.Would I go here again?  If the room is free again, sure!Should you go here?  Even if your room isn't free you should be fine.Good Luck!Sam
4	Roulette Tables FTW !!!- Food spots - limited and were an average of 'C' ratings.- Service - OMG ! How long does it take to get a drAnk here while you play ??! We decided to bail out after waiting for what seemed like an hour.- Roulette tables FTW ! I think I said that already !Would I go back ??! For the $10 minimum roulette tables YES ! Anything else, sadly no. They do have awesome rooms next door at PH Towers, but that's a separate review. All 4 stars are for..YOU GUESSED IT !!! Roulette Tables FTW !!! Sorry, I was that into it ! My new found go-to Vegas game ! Thanks to my entourage for introducing me to it ! RAWR !
1	What happened to this hotel?  When it used to be operated as a Starwood Property (Sheraton hotel chain to be more specific), the staff was much friendlier and knew how to handle upset hotel guests.Where do I begin...I have plenty to say about my overall stay.  Due to hotel overbooking and not being able to accomodate guests with reservations, instead of calling or placing us in another HARRAH'S property (ie. Ceasars, Ballys, etc.), they expected us to just "deal" with the problem and wait until the next morning.1) Checking in late almost midnight, waited 1 hour in line to find out that we were placed in a room next door to a party with base pounding against the wall practically vibrating from next door.  This was UNACCEPTABLE, so went back downstairs to complain to wait another 1 hour to finally get moved to the Towers side which was really nice.Note: Manager in the late evening did not want to properly handle the problem and left it for the morning manager to deal with.  I will be nice NOT to leave their name here.  Let's just say he was properly dealt with the next morning.2) Next morning had to DEAL with the problem AGAIN which the manager in the morning was MUCH BETTER to work with than from the night before.  We were pleased to hear that we would be upgraded to a panoramic suite which was unexpected but at least made our stay much better.  I can't explain about the Superman costumes and memorabilia that was placed throughout the suite, but who cares?  At least the room had 2 beds, it was QUIET, and could finally get a good nights sleep.Side note: DON'T USE the coffee makers/quick water heaters and check the insides first...apparently ours was rusted and seemed a bit moldy.  Either bring your own or ask for hot water downstairs.  Also, why aren't the towels nice and fluffy?  They don't even have a "bounce" smell to them.  It's as if they just shoved them in with clorox bleach and the towels were rough on skin.  3) Overall service: DON'T SET HIGH EXPECTATIONS...Apparently upper management can't seem to hire appropriate and intelligent staff to handle the front desk or overall CUSTOMER SERVICE.  This include the concierge in the MALL AREA.  What is going on with this hotel?  I used to stay all the time but after this visit....sorry PH, but I will give another Harrah's property a try.  There are just too many options...management needs to get it together otherwise this property will change names once again.
3	We came here on December  24, 2010 to celebrate Christmas in Vegas. We had to wait an hour and a half to check in which is terrible. But what i like about this hotel is the location. It's located almost at the middle of the Las Vegas strip. The elavators to the hotel room are very easy to locate which is a plus for me. I like the interior of the room, it has pictures of hollywood celebrities. Although the room was very dark, they had some light bulb that was not fuctioning. Anyways, i had a good time and i would recommend this place.
4	Checked into a Hollywood Hip room on a Thursday over Halloween weekend. Stayed for 4 nights.Check in took around 10 minutes or so (it was around 2pm). Also got a handy coupon book which could be used at various Harrah's properties along the Strip.While there was no Strip view, room 2258 was on the 22nd floor on the North side; close to the elevators. The room itself was clean, albeit worn in a few places. I can't remember the name of the movie the room featured, but it must have been some C-list film anyway. The room seemed a little dark, but I think that was because most of the furnishings were darker colored. I had light where I needed it, which was good enough for me. The bathroom is a larger-than-average affair, with a large soaking tub (no jets), a decent sized sink, and a shower big enough for two. While the rooms have been renovated, some touches of the old Aladdin remain...like the faucets and door handles for instance. Toiletries were PH branded, smelled nice, and got the job done.I ate on-site a few times. They have cheaper places, like Pink's hot dogs, along with moderate and pricier places such as P.F. Chang's and Strip House. I also did the Spice Market buffet for brunch one morning. There are also a bunch of restaurants in the attached Miracle Mile Shops, so there's no shortage of dining options.Oh, speaking of Miracle Mile. One of the nicest malls I've been in. i was able to get a pair of Crocs because my feet were killing me from all the walking I'd been doing. As for the casino, it's a bit confusing to navigate. Once you get your bearings, it's a bit easier to deal with. I had a few drinks at the Heart Bar and Extra Lounge, which was fun. Even more fun were the $10 roulette tables!!! lol. Cocktail service was a bit wonky...it was faster to go to the Heart Bar and get a drink than to wait for a cocktail waitress. The overall vibe was very young, hip, and trendy.PH is probably in one of the best locations on the Strip. Very close to Paris, Bellagio and CityCenter. Also, beware of the guys who are trying to sell Timeshares...they hang out at various escalators in the casino and may even be near the elevator banks as well. They try to entice folks with offers of free/VIP admission to various parties in town. Blah.I had a very good time here. I'd stay here again, but then again, there are several other hotels on the Strip worth checking out as well.
2	The hotel have really gone downhill.  I had hopes that it would improve after it became PH after being the cheesy Aladdin Hotel but nooo....Cons:-rooms decoration are very cheesy-rooms are terribly lit, super dark, some were missing lamps completely-fixtures are old, bathroom still look like when it was Aladdin-wall paper and floor are very dirt-tubs are crusty-service at front desk and concierge is EXTREMELY slow and rude-iron leaked rust water all over my bf's shirtPros:(has nothing to do with the hotel and more with the casino)-heart bar is open 24hrs-pleasure pit is fun to play at
3	One of the best locations of all the hotels, across the street from the Bellagio, and in the heart of all the action.  This hotel tries very hard to be hip and it succeeds to an extent.  Each room has a piece of hollywood magic from a film (Indiana Jone' hat, Elvis' shoes, etc).  It's definitely catering to the younger single or young couple crowd.  I would say this is a solid 3.5 star hotel with potential to become a 4 star or a 3 star easily.  This was the "new" Aladdin with a complete make-over.  It was shown in parts of the film "21" has a nice club Prive and some nice restaurants.  The Buffet here is very good located downstairs but that's where it ends.  Gambling here is literally a joke as the upper level "high rollers" is always empty and you end up playing against the dealer/house all night.  It still has a very strange layout and is eerily quiet on the casino floor.  The mall is long and not well thought through as you must travel what feels like a mile (literally called miracle mile mall) to the other side.  There is way less traffic compared to Caesars Forum shops but the restaurants are fair.  Lots of flair and hoopla but very little noise inside.
2	Been staying here since it was remodeled as the Aladdin. This time, the maid forgot to clean our room, didn't give us enough variety sizes of towels( all large size), left her cleaning solution in the bathroom, shower never got hot.  Mattress had a sink hole.  The buffet was terrible. Either the food had too much seasoning or none at all. Was better off eating at the sandwich place.  I think the travel lodge down the street may have been more comfortable. Never was so happy to go home to my own bed and shower.
4	I've decided to book Planet Hollywood Hotel because they had the after Thanksgiving online sale (can't remember if it was Black Friday sale or Cyber Monday sale) and it was 20% cheaper than any other so-called "cheapest rate guaranteed" travel site prices.  They also stopped charging the stupid Resort Fee, so it was a very good deal.  Because we're already in Vegas since a night before, we wanted to check-in earlier.  When I emailed to inquire about it, they emailed me back and said although they can't guarantee there would be a room available before their normal check-in time, they made a note about it and would do their best to accommodate it.  They also told me to drive to the Valet Parking and drop off our luggage at the bell desk so we don't have to carry them from the self parking garage through the casino to the hotel lobby.  When we did so, the bell desk gave us a ticket and said just to call them when we get into our room so they could bring our luggage for us.  Since our luggage was taken care of, instead of checking in early, and we were there when it's their check-out time, we decided to shop first and come back later.  I checked out Miracle Miles few years ago and I wasn't impressed.  There are definitely more shops now and many of them are affordable for us.  If you like your local malls, you'll be happy shopping here.  Once we checked in to our room, we called the bell desk.  I expected it to take awhile but my sister needed a nap so I didn't mind waiting for awhile.  But when it didn't show up for over an hour, I had to call them again.  When I hung up, they called me right back to double check the tag number and I knew something was wrong.  Another half an hour past and it still didn't show so I called again.  Finally the bell man arrived and said we checked in our luggage at a different building but not "this" building.  I still don't fully understand this but my guess is PH has two different buildings(?) and we were staying at South and our luggage was at Westgate or somewhere like that.  I followed the valet sign and it said Planet Hollywood so I don't understand why I was at the wrong bell desk...  Anyways, luckily, this luggage issue was the only problem we had with this hotel.  To be honest, before I stayed here, I always thought PH to be a very cheesy Vegas hotel but it wasn't.  Sure, it may not be Bellagio or those new fancier hotels but the room was well kept.  The size of the room was "okay" but the bathroom was big!  In the bathroom, they have separate shower stall and toilet.  I didn't use it but the bathtub was also pretty big and deep.  The bathroom was nice but because it was very spacious, the bedroom felt a bit smaller with queen size beds and furniture and therefore the room size was "okay."  The room was nice and clean and had posters of an old movie from 70's and the props from the same movie were displayed in a coffee table.  I wonder if each room has different movie and its props.  The amenities were simple but it seems like majority of hotels in Vegas have cut down on them also.  Overall, we were very happy with this hotel and its value.  One thing that stood out during our stay was everybody and I mean everybody from the casino staff to the front desk and even the bell desk guy who was covered with tattoo were very nice and helpful.  Was it a coincidence that we encountered all those pleasant people?  I don't know but PH should be very proud themselves for having such great staff and definitely should keep it up.  Because when all those hotels on the Strip have similar prices and amenities, I will choose and come back to PH because of the staff and their services.  Oh yeah, and of course, no Resort Fee helps a lot too.
4	Stayed here for a night. Awesome! Love their huge bathroom!
4	I unexpectedly kind of like this casino. We came here for some sandwiches at the Earl of Sandwiches, thanks to some Yelp recommendations and stayed for some slots before heading to our next destination.They have some pretty cool games here that I didn't see at any other casinos on the strip. So if they've got a Deal or No Deal game at one casino, they have the giant big-screen, two-player version here. If they've got those lucky little Wheel of Fortune games at another casino, they have the whole damn wheel, surrounded by seats here. These are just examples for comparison, but my point is that the games are newer and more fun here.I also think that this casino might be non-smoking, because I didn't see any ashtrays anywhere and the air smelled uncharacteristically clean. I'd definitely come back here to gamble. The sandwiches? Eh, good but not worth a trip by itself.Ohhhh, and you can get a guitar filled with booze, which is awesome.
3	I stayed at PH while in Vegas for a convention.  I booked over the Internet and chose PH mainly because it was slightly cheaper than some nearby hotels.  I am not a gambler so I won't comment on the casino.The room is comfortable but not overly spacious.  When I first checked in, they put me in a "smoking" room that stunk to high heaven - after a day I got a non-smoking room.  The large flat screen TV was a nice touch.The reservation staff was pleasant but not in much of a hurry - lines at the reservation desk is the norm.  The location of the hotel is good and it was very convenient to be right next to the Miracle Mile mall - which made for a much more reasonable breakfast and lunch as the hotel eateries are greatly overpriced.Overall, nothing memorable with the hotel's proximity to the Miracle Mile mall its best feature.
2	Meh. I've experienced better could not better describe my stay at the PH hotel and casino. Other features like PF Changs, Earl of sando, the miracle mile shops, and their location makes this place okay to stay at and deserve 5 stars.This hotel and casino on the other hand kinda sucks. And let me say I am no prude and a young man whos used to not so great circumstances. I go to vegas and drop money to have a nice experience. The room is so dark you cant see anything, the girl at the desk could not have been any ruder and really pissed me off. Is there any security anywhere in this hotel at all????????/ Black bums asking me and my girlfriend if we need any blow or if they can have a cigerette or 5 dollars. GTFOH. Not to mention no one checks your room key going up to the room so anyone who wants to go up to your floor and rob you after they see you get a hand pay can have at it. Ive also never seen machines so tight in any casino anywhere. But thats my bad luck, table games to, it just wasnt happening. Im very glad I only paid $55 a night. I will stay elsewhere unless they offer me a free room.Some things we did enjoy were earl of sandwich, pf changs happy hour for a late lunch, spice market buffet, the hottie dealers, miracle mile, pbr rock bar and grill.
4	This is rapidly becoming one of my favorite places to go when we go to the Strip.  Here's why:- The vibe.  The place attracts a younger crowd that has a lot of energy.- Bars & Lounges.  They have a wide variety of bars and lounges.  On a recent visit we spent some time at the Heart Bar....a DJ was playing and the drinks were reasonable....$8 for a glass of Wine.- Miracle Mile Shopping mall.  This mall is pretty cool with some unique shops and dining options.  The Earl of Sandwich is at the South end of the mall.....one of my favorite Sandwich shops in town.- Restaurants.  From cheap, food court type food to nice sit-down restaurants, there is something for everyone here.  One of the highlights is Pink's from Los Angeles which is known for their Hot Dogs.- Easy access to the Strip.  The distance between the property and the Strip is short, making it easy to get to/from the Strip.There are a few negatives to the place......the parking situation sucks.  The parking garage is at the rear of the property and the walk to the casino is pretty far.  Valet parking is underground and is also a big pain the ass.  This is a function of very poor design which has plagued this hotel since they opened.  The layout of the casino floor is very confusing....it's difficult to figure out where you are located and how to get around.  The mall is a little confusing as well.Will I return?  You can count on it.
4	One of my favorite places to play! Absolutely love the Pleasure Pit and dance music booming within the casino and on the sidewalk directly outside the casino. The free drinks here are a little watered down, as are most places. Decent bars within the casino but biggest attraction has to be the female dealers. Hey, sex sells!
2	A smoker's paradise!!  Problem is, I don't smoke and neither does my wife.We stayed for a week, starting just before New Years, and like most casinos on the strip, they had crowd control issues, so nothing I really see as their fault.  Our room featured Spartacus, which we both thought was cool.  The room was decent size, comfortable bed, and a great view of the parking structure.  The restaurants on site were decent, Earl of Sandwich is always a good play, Yolos was good, but boring.  However, I wouldn't stay here again since I always gamble a LOT where I stay and the smoke factor is just way too much.Also, this one really irked me, but the cashier lines take FOREVER!  While waiting in line for 10 minutes, a guy walks over to the Diamond line.  The cashier asks to see his Diamond card.  He says he isn't a Total Rewards member.  Cashier says, OK, don't worry about it.  Four other people moved to that line and the cashiers didn't care.  I ultimately had to force my way in front of someone to get helped.  Extra bad because I had more than $4,000 in chips at the time and without the cashiers enforcing people's personal space, I was slightly concerned that some drunk person was going see the stack of hundies and try something.On the plus side, I did see Holly Madison walking around and she was pretty cool with taking pictures with people, so props to her.
4	Review for the casino.  Good casino vibe, if you don't want to gamble, theres the Miracle Mile shops.
4	Never stayed here but spent a few hours in this casino during my last Vegas trip. I really like the shopping center attached to the hotel and the restaurants mixed in with the shops are a bonus.The casino was pretty big but the layout was a little confusing. All in all I had a good experience here. Wouldn't mind coming back to explore a little more. From what I did see however, I think the four stars is appropriate.
5	My wife and I attend a trade show in Las Vegas, the third week of January every year. We have stayed at numerous Strip hotels. Planet Hollywood was great. The rooms are a little dark but that is the theme of the entire hotel and casino. Our room was very spacious with a huge bathroom with seperate sink areas, a 36" deep tub, seperate shower and seperate toilet room. The heating system was whisper quiet. The elevators were never more than a 15-45 second wait (6 elevators for 15 floors!!!). We have waited endless minutes for elevators at other hotels. The casino was very contemporary and player great rock and roll. The casino's air filtration system held down the cigarette odor. The location is IDEAL. Next to Paris, across from the new Cosmopolitan and rest of City Center. Will definitely try to stay here again next year.
4	Really like PH. For the price, the rooms are very nice, they are large, feel more like a mini suite. The hotel is high-end, with a lot of attractive aspects like the location on the strip, having a mall connected, etc. I think this is my new favorite hotel in Vegas.
2	I like the casino, that's why we decided to stay here. However, we were pretty underwhelmed as hotel guests. The staff is rude and apathetic as crap, talking poop right in front of guests. At least hide your disdain for everyone! The rest of society does. The buffet is bomb but next time I go to Vegas, I will for sure stay somewhere else.
4	I recently spent several nights in a "Hollywood Hip" room. It had plenty of room for one person, and was very clean. Modern enough, large flat panel TV, plenty of hanger/drawer space.  The bathroom was oddly sized (large open space in the middle) in proportion to the rest of the room. Overall, I was very pleased with the room, given some of the other reviews I read beforehand. Weeknight rates were dirt cheap. All I can really fault the room for is a light fixture in the bathroom that buzzed when on. I also wasn't crazy about the design of the shower head; it hangs a bit low, and I bumped it with my head a few times. Really, that's it.The location is right in the middle of everything. Right across from the new Cosmopolitan, City Center, and Bellagio. There is a Deuce Bus stop right in front.I found the staff to be very helpful and outgoing. No problems there.I did like how this property seems to attract a younger, energetic crowd, but not overly pretentious. At least by LV standards.It was great having the Miracle Mile shops attached, for those of us who don't like spending $300 on a pair of pants, etc.PH doesn't charge a "resort fee" but high speed internet will cost you about $14 per 24-hr period. There is another wireless provider that charges $10/24 hrs, but it was very slow and kept timing out every time I left my computer for more than a few minutes. I'd suggest paying up for PH's internet, which worked great. If you only need to print a boarding pass, etc. the staff in the business center will often let you use the computers without charging if you're only going to take a few minutes.The casino had a large variety of slots, and there were plenty of open machines, even during peak times. The casino floor didn't seem as smoky as some of the others on the strip. I enjoyed playing at some of the tables in the "Pleasure Pit" where the dealers are barely-dressed attractive young women, and similar women dance on poles.  Drink service was timely at both the tables and machines. Table minimums were mostly $10 on weeknights and $15 on weekend nights.As for the restaurants, I'll review Strip House separately. I had breakfast at Planet Dailies, and while the food was great, it was expensive and I felt the buffet was a better value. Speaking of the buffet, you can pay one price ($40-$45?) and have 24-hour access. There is a Starbucks right off of the casino floor.The casino layout is a bit confusing, especially if you've had a few. Expect to walk in circles for a while trying to find your way out or the restaurant you are looking for. Then again, casinos don't want you to leave, so I can understand the purpose of the layout.PH gets bonus amusement points for the asian hooker that solicited me while I was playing a slot machine at 1am! Like a good little boy, I turned her offer down, though.I'll be back.
4	Home of the Holly Madison Peepshow, I wished I had enough time and fund to see her show when I was in Vegas. I had a chance to browse through the casino and the mall. I think the mall is just the right size and not as gigantic as Caesar's. Also, they have the Spice Market Buffet here. I think it's a pretty damn good buffet, but that's for another review. Maybe next time if I had enough time in Vegas I will check out the Peepshow :).
4	I love this hotel and casino.  The room had everything we needed: a bed, small clock radio, a shower, lots of towels and a blowdryer. You dont even need to leave this casino. Our favorite slot machine to play was the Wizard of Oz and you could play with 3 other people to increase your chances of winning. But unfortunately I won nothing! =( But got lots of drinks for free! =) Plenty of restaurants to choose from but I didn't notice any bars or fun clubs to go to inside of the casino. They need a good club in this Casino because it is very nice and modern too.The only reason why I gave four stars was because the bed was so wobbly and noisy that if i tossed around to get comfy it would make so much noise, as if it was about to break. But boy did I sleep. Also the curtains didn't make it pitch dark in there, like other hotels do, for us party people that stay up all night and get in at the wee hours of the morning. Oh and it would be nice to have a double sink when getting ready with others in the bathroom.I will def go back here for a stay and mayyyybe some gambling.
4	Planet Hollywood just looks like a fun place to be.  It's always crowded when I walk in there.  My next Vegas trip is booked there so I can get a better feel of what this place is all about.  As of now, I like the atmosphere.
4	Stayed here on a great rate this past week and had a great experience. Had spent a good bit of time at the sports book and casino here on a prior trip while staying at another hotel, and really liked the vibe. So, when it came time for the next trip with Mrs., I checked reviews here and saw lots of ups and downs concerning staff, service, and housekeeping, but the rates and location made me roll the dice anyway. Check-in and Check-out were both smooth. We rented a car, so we used the valet every day, some days on multiple occasions, and always received courteous and mostly timely service. I've seen differing reports, but during our stay, our housekeeping and room quality was stellar.We hit up the Earl of Sandwich on a particularly drunky and late night, and it was really good. We also hit up The Spice Market buffet as part of the 24 hour Buffet of Buffets deal, but thats a separate review....I will say the Spice Market delivered nicely. The casino is nice, clean, and well serviced. I just wish that in the wee hours and slow daytimes, you could find a $5 table here, but I understand it's the heart of the strip. This kind of property isn't going under $10 at any time. The only playing I did here was on the penny slots, and there was no discrimination at all with the drink service, something I truly appreciate. All in all, I totally recommend the PH when the rates are right.
3	Very pleasant staff upon arrival, there was a slight snag in check in as a family member had booked the reservation but the staff were very nice and helpful.  Everything got resolved and we got into our rooms in minutes.  The rooms were pretty nice, I got the Dallas room with JR. Ewing's boots in it-I loved it!The bathroom had a big tub that I took a swim in that was just awesome!  The bed had big nice fluffy pillows and very comfy overall.  The casino was nice and had lots of restaurants and the miracle mile of shopping, I was very happy!  We ate at Koi, the sandwich place and the cafe which were all pretty good but I honestly don't think I'd eat at these places again.Wasn't a fan of the bar area, it was always packed which I don't mind but when they have half of it roped off with no one in the area, it just doesn't make sense (and it was 5 o'clock in the afternoon!).
1	Player club customer service really Sucks!!!!!!!!!Long lines, no friendly smiles.....I guess they don't  like our $$$$??P.S. Asian customers can jump the line?????????( not VIP card holders)
1	Where do I begin?  If you want decent service and polite staff it's not here!Our card reader to our room broke the second day we were there and not once, twice but three times security had to let us in our room each time waiting up to 45 minutes. The manager was like well we can give you a free room service for you trouble. I thought he was joking! The casino is more like Tunica than Vegas.The pleasure pit has stripper poles and idiots betting under the dancers. I think they don't realize the dealer is allowed to hit higher than normal in that pit. The reastaurants all turn into full on night clubs at 10:00.  (Little too early I think) We spent most of our time at the Wynn eating, gambling & watched a show there as well.  The only reason we stayed at PH was due to a referral from the Convention we were attending. NEVER AGAIN!
5	Of all the hotels that we visited here, this is by far the most exciting casino and hotel for people under the age of 30. Cool clubs, a big mall surrounding the casino with relevant shopping (not prada and gucci), and great food joints throughout both the casino and mall areas. All night long there is music pumping in the casino, hallways, elevators, bathrooms, etc so the whole place ties together. The location of this hotel is killer too, located in basically the middle of the strip, walking distance in either direction to whatever you want to do. A portion of the hotel offers a spectacular view of the Bellagio Fountains from above and they fire every 30 minutes. The hotel also upgrades you if you check in late enough and they have unfilled reservations. It was a great experience here! We will be back!
3	Stayed at Planet Hollywood for a convention, and it was perfectly fine. Not exciting, not all that interesting, but clean. I did hear others complain that the staff is not friendly or polite, but didn't experience that myself. The Planet Dailies restaurant is actually really good for breakfast and easily accomodates a large group. I also very much liked the fact that it's attached to a mall with some decent shops, which also helps you hunt down that elusive bottle of water or soda with ice, which are in short supply in the casinos (or way expensive). I might stay there again - but only if I didn't plan to spend much time in the room.
4	We really enjoyed our stay! We stayed here for 3 nights, we booked a fountian view room- when we first checked in I requested a floor as high up as possible,  and was told that nothing was ready at the moment. The gentleman said he had a Resort view room for $20 more  a night- I asked him if he thought it was a nice room-he said it was the best room on the 22nd floor-He was right, when we entered the room what a view! 4 windows and a great view of the Bellagio and Paris hotels. It was Big- the bathroom was huge with a big tub overlooking the strip and a flatscreen over the tub-I've never watched a good movie in a tub before. If you need wi-fi they charge $14 so downstairs in the hotel is a starbucks for your free wi-fi!The casino was very manageable, on the small side which we liked, it's not like some of the hotels where you get lost just trying to find a bathroom or the exit. An added bonus was the tables area where pole dancers in skimpy outfits entertain you while you are losing your money!      Inside the hotel there are a decent number of places to eat from fancy Strip Steak  to Earl of Sandwich-which we ate a few times-tasty! we also ate at P. F Changs for happy hour (3-6pm) what a good deal (it not our favorite chinese) but you can't go wrong with their happy hour, we each had 2 drinks, 4 small plates including tip $40 and the service was quick and friendly.   To sum it up- great room, great location on the strip, great price for a room that was better than at the Palazzo or the Venetian.
3	Checked in yesterday. So far so good except for that clown at the front desk. I think his first name was Jose young male with a military cut. I don't mind when you can't check in early but when some jerk at the front desk makes it my problem it is beyond disappointing. And no tag line like "hi welcome to planet Hollywood". Instead we got a disgruntled young punk who needs an attitude adjustment.  If you are reading this PH I suggest you start hiring engaged employees especially with unemployment still high.  As prominent employers have always said, you need to hire stars to represent the company's image. If you don't want a cameo appearance on the strip I suggest making every attempt to deliver that "wow" experience.
3	NICE priceNICE roomNICE atmosphereHORRIBLE HORRIBLE again HORRIBLE SERVICE!Being a Vegas hotel, one would think there would be hot shower. Nooooooooooooo it was not hot at all. Called the front desk and got the stupidest answer ever; "you have to let the hot water at the sink run at the same time you turn on the shower." Wait.......what? how ghetto is that!? However, it worked and i finally got my hot shower lol!This is a 4-star hotel!!!!!!! Not to mention, it is so brand f**king new!Also, they might wanna hire more staff or get a better phone service cuz everytime i wanted something and tried to call room service, i was placed on hold for about 10 mins. DUMB HOTELI would not stay here again, I don't care how cheap or nice the room is.
4	This place is literally HUGE!!!! I was visiting a friend for a long weekend about 2 weeks ago and hit up the strip on the weekend. It's really nice on the inisde and the staff helped my boyfriend and I find the Pinks Hot Dogs that was suppose to be at PH. FYI it's on the outside! Next time I'm in Vegas I will be staying here!
2	This Place is HORRIBLE.....We stayed here because it is part of the Harrahs family of hotels and Ceasars was sold out do to some big convention. Checked into the room, and noticed the doors had been broken off of the closet, the Window was the size of a peep hole, the room smelled, and I had to call the operator to ask if there was a rollercoaster at the hotel because it sounded like there was one right over our room. When I called down to ask for a room change, there was never an answer from the front desk (I was on hold for 20 mins). I finally just went down to the front desk where the nightmare continued. Finally after 20 mins of bickering, we were placed in a new room, (when the conversation started, there were no different rooms but one must have magically appeared). The service at this hotel is downright AWFUL. Upon checkout, I called the valet to have the car pulled up...Nope, can't do that, have to go down to the stand before they will grab your car. The toilet in the new room was broken and the list just goes on and on with this place.On a different note, the poker room was great because the clientele who stay here are generally drunk by 11AM so it was easy money at the tables. That alone brought it from one star to Two
4	Great location, great price! The hotel is one of the closest to the airport and it's right in the middle of the action. The beds are comfortable and you can spend a bit more for a larger room with two sinks and a large soaker tub and separate shower. Internet is a bit pricey at $13.99/day. There is a shopping mall attached complete with two ABC Liquor/Convenience stores (reasonably priced) as well as H&M, Bath and Body Works, and a few less expensive dining options. The restaurants in the hotel itself are good, however they're not the most affordable. This is common among the luxury hotels on the strip.
3	Interesting property. Big hotel, small casino, big mall...seems a little strange to me. This is another joint that loves having the young, drunk douche staying in their rooms and it shows as they hover around the Craps table screaming at a 7.The mall is actually pretty nice and full of decent stores, there are some good eateries (Earl of Fucking Sandwich!) and despite the majority of the clientele it's a decent place to hang out.
4	Woohoo!  Vegas!  My husband and I are Vegas regulars.  We have stayed all over, Henderson, Downtown, off Strip and on the Strip.  On our last trip we decided to stay at Planet Hollywood and we loved it.   Staff:  The staff is fantastic!  Just about everyone one we encountered at the front desk, bell desk, valet, housekeeping, the casino and a couple of restaurants were fantastic.  They were helpful in every way and seemed genuine.  Several times I observed the employees going out of their way to help each other.  That is rare to see.  They get paid to help the guests, but to help each other they must be happy employees who feel like a team.  Love it!  Decor:  The mood and ambiance throughout the entire hotel and casino was young and inviting.  The decor incorporates geometric shapes and lots of sparkle.  The seating everywhere was really comfortable whether at  a bar, slot machine or casual seating. Room:  The view from our room was of the strip.  We were able to watch the water show at the Bellagio from our 33rd floor window.  Pretty cool.  Inside it was clean and well kept.  The furnishings were comfortable.  It room, however was a little small.  There was only one chair with a side table and the bed.  I would have liked to have another chair instead of one of us having to sit on the bed.Food:  We had room service, Planet Dailies, and the buffet.  Room service and Planet D are probably the same kitchen.  The menus are pretty close, but the food is good.  The buffet was very good.  There was a large selection of high quality food and the service was surprisingly good.  Casino:  There is a large variety of slot and video poker machines.  The tables were $10 min which was disappointing during the day when no one was there.  They should have dropped to $5.  The cocktail service in the floor was the best I have ever experienced in Vegas.  Unfortunately I did not see a lot of winning, but you could get a good buzz on while losing your money.  ;)Overall it was a great experience.  We will absolutely be staying there again.
4	Imma do the PHC a solid here.When all the other casinos have old, stonefaced bastards at the intimidatingly overly offcial poker tables, PHC provides a smiling girl with glitter on what her momma gaver and an overworked pushup bra instead.  Its so... festive!PHC just had a pretty fun atmosphere, the kind that makes you stay up drinking and messing around in the casino when you had just been about to go on up and crash out.I mean, they'll make you a watery-ass cocktail, the music is cliche pop awful and whatever they got goin on with the cashiers at the on-site buffet is a total CF, but hey, its Vegas in a casino hotel.  That considered, we had more fun in PHC than in any of the other big casino/hotels we checked out, by far.
4	One of the more hip hotel made to attract the younger crowd.  Surrounded by the miracle mile with plenty of shops to walk around and see and places to eat or drink.  Casino is right in the middle of it all.  Hotel rooms are themed, I stayed in the Beetle juice room.  It had a painting and arm from beetle juice.  Gambling wise, games are all pretty much the same, minimum is a little higher since it's right in the middle of the strip.  They have a pleasure pit as well.  Slots not many selections to choose from.
3	I stay here every January for the Consumer Electornics Show (CES). It offers the Million Mile shops. It is a great hotel in a great location on the center of the strip adjacent to Paris and accross from the newest City Center (Cosmopolitan Hotels) and Bellagio Hotel.
2	I stayed here in November 2010 and the experience was mediocre.  The room was small with a tiny window...the drink service on the casino floor was horrible.  The dealers didn't seem friendly at all.  We had to complain about the hour wait for our drinks at the casino - which is ridiculous.  The floor manager eventually comped us $50 for the sandwich shop - Earl of Sandwich. I don't know what we were supposed to do with $50 worth of sandwiches either. (To be fair the sandwiches were pretty awesome)Overall I wouldn't stay here again.
2	DISAPPOINTED! so when i stayed here to celebrate a friends birthday we SPECIFICALLY asked for a non smoking room. When we get there we instantly smell the cigarrete smell. So we call & tell them. What happens? some rude woman tells us they booked us in that room because that was the only room left.....i mean like for real? So we stay in the room for the first 2 days & by the 3rd day it was just ridiculous, the smell got so bad it was difficult to even breathe in there. SO we complained once again we even told them how displeased we have been with our stay. I was expecting them to comp us or something, but instead she says she will extend our check out time the next day by an hour... this was literally my face -_______-. yeah. ..BUT  i'm giving it 2 stars because the security & the throw up cleaner is super cool!
3	This review is for the CONCERT VENUE ONLY.I had the luxury of being able to attend the Night Ranger/Journey concert here last week. It was my first time attending the venue since the rebuilt hotel/casino made the transition from being the Aladdin to becoming the Planet Hollywood.I want to start by saying that this is a very fine venue. Not exactly what I would call upscale, but because of the way things are set up, even the "far back" seats aren't too bad. You should have no problem being able to actually see the show regardless of where your seats are.What pisses me off though is that I dealt with a rude staff member. When Night Ranger finished their set, I took my LP down towards the stage hoping I could get it signed. An extremely rude woman usher (she was heavy set, older, and had curly hair) would not let me though. The band was DONE PLAYING and LEAVING THE STAGE. I asked if I could get through really quick, just to get an autograph and then go back to my stage, and she just kept yelling the word "NO." What a cunt! If anyone in Planet Hollywood's administration is reading, please fire this bitch. This behavior would have been acceptable if the band was still playing or if I was going to STAY down there with no ticket, but she cost me an autograph opportunity - and as much as I don't like to be morbid, it is imperative that I get as many autographs while I still can, as you never know when classic rock/metal stars are going to fall over dead. This rude behavior is no way to treat the founder of the Vegas Valley Classic Rock Society, who is dedicated to keeping classic rock/metal alive.All right, enough of my rant. The venue itself is very nice aside from that bitch I dealt with. If you're going to see a concert here, you'll be pleased with the quality of the venue - just be forewarned that it is not "autograph friendly."
5	This is the my favorite casino I have spent time at in Vegas. That is saying quite a bit, considering I have stayed at probably 8 different casinos in my time. The location is very centralized on the strip, so as to minimize walking. The place draws a younger crowd and has great energy. Pretty Go-Go dancers perform behind the craps and blackjack area at night and drinks are served quickly on the casino floor. My room was one of the bigger and more modern places I have stayed on the strip and was themed for Forrest Gump. My wife loves shopping at the mall attached to the casino, as it has two of her favorite places (Sephora and Urban Outfitters). The outside of the casino also has a Pink's hotdogs which is a great place to grab a late night bite when you are drunk and in need of something.
3	Tons of shops. That could be a good thing or a bad thing.
4	Our wknd suite was the bomb like dot com!  We had 6 girls posted in 2 large rooms over Pro Bowl wknd.  LOCATION:  was PERFECT for us, since most of us have frequented Vegas over the years and walking the strip wasn't a 'must do'.  Plus the indoor mall provided tons of shopping opportunities.  We literally didn't have to drive anywhere if we didn't want to.CUSTOMER SERVICE:  We flew a red eye & arrived by 10AM.  Being exhausted from the flight, we asked if we could check in early & they not only let us, they didn't charge a fee.  They were really nice about everything the whole wknd & we definitely thought the 'ANYTHING/ANYTIME' speed dial was a great touch!SUITE:  AMAZING!!!  A 2 bdrm w/a living space in between was fabulous.  We had a small kitchen with a fridge, convection oven, & dishwasher.  The living room shades doubled as a projection screen & there was a slide projector mounted from the ceiling.  The master bedroom had less living room furniture than the other room but that was largely due to the fact that 1/3 of the room was taken up by the jacuzzi!
4	On my last three trips to Vegas, this has been my target spot. It is well situated on the strip among many other great hotels and casinos. The hotel is nice, new and clean and very well priced. The crowd tends to be younger and more energetic than some of the other standard "fancier, upscale" Vegas spots. The mall has a great selection of stores just for that demographic. Love the Earl of Sandwich for late night snacks. Look out, you might spot Bruce Willis at a craps table.
4	Super cool hotel. Free $1,000,000 slot pull. I won a drink. Not the Million bux.  We played the "Sex in the city" slot machine. Won $$$ for lunch.I would love to stay here one of these days. I'm a fan.
4	We stayed here a few weeks ago for our vaca. First off - we reserved our room through priceline. We asked for our room and our friends room to be right next to each other. They honored that request. *1 star*Secondly - the room. For the price it was GREAT! deep soaking tub, seperate shower, king size bed in a non-smoking room. The decor was nice. The Hollywood Hip rooms were just fabulous. We really enjoyed it. Plus they were CLEAN!Third - customer service (See the first off) as for anything else. We didn't really speak to many employees at the hotel since we were in and out of there a lot. Fourth - gambling. Good luck getting on a craps table there. They're always full! Plus, like other reviews, it's LOUD! We spent most of our time gambling at New York, New York ($5 craps tables anyone?)Fifth - location...it was central to everything we were doing so it was perfect. I recommend staying here if you plan to do your 5 S's. Sh*t, shower, shave, sleep and store your sh*t. Then again, you're in vegas, why would you spend anymore time in your room than you have to!?
4	Do you ever have one of those days? You know, where everything seems to just be going wrong. I had one of them at SFO recently. You see, I was at the airport headed to Las Vegas for work the day that United grounded hundreds of their airplanes and yes, I was flying on United. The best part of the whole story is that my plane was actually loaded, on the runway, and next in line for takeoff when we were recalled back to the gate. I then proceeded to wait around for about 9 hours before I finally was able to take off and head to Vegas. So when I arrived at Planet Hollywood I was in less than the best of moods.Imagine my delight upon check in when they told me the room type I had reserved was sold out. I was prepared to put up a wild fight for a room, but without skipping a beat the woman at the front said to me, "And so we upgraded you to a suite." Woo-hoo! It was as if they could feel my pain and wanted to make one part of my day a little shinier. And they did.I found my way to the elevators and up to my room where I could barely contain my glee at how big my room is. and since it's the Planet Hollywood the room had a celebrity theme which was Will Smith. There were all kinds of outfits from his various characters in movies and he wore some funky stuff. The site of that alone brought a smile to my face. But, then I opened the curtains that covered the windows that took up the entire wall and saw I was overlooking Paris and the Bellagio water lights display. It was quite a view.I'm not sure how much the suites cost on the regular, but I'm guessing it's probably worth it as my room was absolutely gorgeous and and spacious. There was a living room with a huge TV, leather couch and love seat; a sitting area with two arm chairs and a small table; a dining table area that would allow 4 to eat or play cards comfortably, a bar area where you could serve up some drinks to guests, 1 1/2 baths so your guests can tinkle without passing through the bedroom, and a huge bedroom.I was in and out of town faster than two shakes of a tail or some such saying, but while I was there my stay at Planet Hollywood was quite nice thanks to the kind and courteous staff and luxurious lodgings.
4	Ok, if you have never been to Vegas you need to understand that the normal rules don't apply. There are no cheap options for good food or really anything else, that's not how Vegas works.PH is in a pretty central location compared to a lot of the other hotels. I like to hang out further North on the strip and it's not far from here. When it comes to price this is a great place to stay, especially if you book early. But don't be mistaken you don't want to hang around PH for nightlife, head North on the strip. The pool is also horrible, there is a reason it's free and there are a bunch of kids there.There is a mall attached to PH that has some relatively inexpensive options for food, there is a pizza place (near the canal) that is decent. There is a good buffet, it's not cheap though.If you want to hear popular music in your hotel you should stay here. If you don't mind/want to see scantily clad women working in the Casino stay here.
3	Nice casino could not really win anything.  Shopping is nice.
3	I usually stay at other resorts but since I got some compd rooms I figured I would stay here for the first time.  The casino is always fun and the pole dancers don't hurt either.  I received a normal room with a decent view of the strip.  I was surprised at how run down the hallways and rooms appeared.  Once I got into the room it was a bit drab and old looking compared to other places on strip.  By the second day I was having problems with hot water which the staff did nothing about after I reported it to them.Pro-Casinos funPinks Hot DogsCheap food but not gamingLocationCons--Harrahs needs to update their rooms.PoolHard not so comfy bedIf you do not care about were you sleep and want to party then it is a great place due to its location.  I would not stay here again even if I get my rooms compd again.  Too many beautiful resorts in this town.
4	great rooms...great price...we had a great time!
3	The casino floor drives me crazy, im always lost here.
3	Likes-Great value, awesome location on the strip for a good price-ABC store inside the hotel selling non-overpriced beer/liquor was awesome for pregamingDislikes-Beds weren't as heavenly as I wanted...all of our backs hurt!-The bathroom was my biggest gripe: a pathetic small/weak shower head and a glass shower door that wasn't very convenient for multiple people utilizing the bathroom simultaneously...unless you're all really good friends.
1	DON'T STAY IN THIS HOTEL EVER!!!!!!!!!!!I was so excited to stay in this hotel, but that quickly changed the second night when I dropped an earring on the floor.... Thank goodness!!! Because I had two beds and only needed one I picked the right bed to sleep in. This was lucky for me.  This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I should have just stayed in a motel. I guess I should have known because the price was cheaper than the neighboring hotels. I found a condom wrapper under my bed. Hair and fresh makeup on the pillows/ sheets and other details I don't think are appropriate. When I went down stairs to tell front desk the lady said she was going to talk to a manger. With all the problems I thought a manger would come talk to me and apologize or even comp something, but NO. With attitude the lady came back and asked would I like to switch rooms and rolled her eyes. Making me uncomfortable and only having one night left, I just walked away because I would rather not deal with this hotel. I took the next flight out. THANKS PH FOR MESSING UP MY LAST DAY in LV.
2	I had such high hopes for this place 'cause I loooooooved the casino last year.  But not this time around.  Drink service got much slower, they took out the video roulette machines, very few real reel nickel and penny slots.  They also changed their beer selection for worse.The bed was very mildly themed, beds were more uncomfortable than IMPERIAL PALACE (and that place doesn't even hide it's a dump, sorry budget hotel.)  Some of the towels when we walked in were wet (gross.) The daily "cleaning" was abysmal, they barely made up the bed and did nothing else.  No new towels and no new toiletries.On the plus side, the elevators were quick.
1	Good place for the young crowd, you get a nice laid-out casino floor with great places for food and drinks within 2 minutes walking distance.Their rooms are ehhhhhh... not too clean and can be compared to a motel. Sad to say but true.
1	This was my first experience staying at Planet Hollywood hotel, and it will be my last.Pros:- Visually, the theme, hotel and casino as a whole look nice.- If you smoke, you'll have no problems with the rooms.Cons:- We had reservations for a non-smoking room. When we checked in, they had absolutely no smoke-free rooms left even though we made reservations for a non-smoking room months in advance. So we were stuck with a disgusting/stinky room. Although the room had Brad Pitt photos all over the walls, it wasn't enough to make up for the smoke saturated room and smoke filtering in from the rooms next door. The next morning we went to the front desk and I insisted we get switched to a non-smoking room, and possibly get comped for having such a horrible 1st night. The guy at the desk avoided me the whole time, but did change our room, without any comps.- The bath tub had pubes and weird pink residue in it.
2	Besides bad food at Planet Dailies, I enjoyed my stay at PH last time. That was why I suggested my family to stay there this time. However, it was a disappointment. Was it because of spring break and the crowd? The bath tub in our room was not clean. My sister saw floating grey particles before she entered the tub. Yeah, that was gross. I asked house keeping to clean the tub but apparently the person who answered the phone did not understand the word "tub". I repeated 5 time "Please send someone to clean the bath tub" and all I got was "what?" REALLY?
4	I've stayed at this hotel multiple times and I've frequently make an appearance or two even when I don't stay at this hotel. The rooms are very nice and the suites that overlook the strip are awesome as they have large circle tubs that over look the fountains at the Bellagio. The pool area is great, but in the busy season, the pools are a zoo. Lots of people and only so much space around the pools. They have a nice selection of restaurants and are attached to the Miracle Mile Shops which is an added bonus. The location is great if you like walking the strip. If you rent a car or have a car to valet, that gets interesting as the location of the garage in comparison to heavy traffic.
3	Was at the Aladdin 2 years prior, and stayed here in February of 2008, and I have to say, my room did not change except for 2 pictures hanging on the wall, one of Indiana Jones, another of Julia Roberts. Big Woop! But it was clean and comfortable bedding. Casino floor itself changed quite a bit and I loved it. Plan to visit the casino again but will not stay here. Not worth the price.
5	location, location, location!!! We lucked out and got the Charlie Sheen themed room. Can you say WINNING?! @ 1st i was a little sketchy about staying here since we only paid $99 a night so I though it maybe low roller. Boy was I wrong! Access to miracle mile mall, restaurant galore and walking distance to all the hot spots. My friend who was staying at Aria even said she would rather be at PH. Whaaat & agreed. This is defiantly a hotel for the young and restless. Great prices, food and staff. Plus you cant beat the dancers in the casino =)
2	I'll start by saying that I understand hotels experience maintenance problems that need to be fixed due to the high volume of guests staying at the hotel, however... We got the handicap access room where there is an open shower instead of a stall. The shower drain clogged, breaking the plastic barrier and ultimately flooded our bathroom. While the maintenance crew drilled, snaked, and scraped the bathroom, they had to use 24 towels to soak up the water (which they told us would be cleaned up). Hours later we returned to see the bathroom hadn't been cleaned and the two dozen towels were left in a huge wet pile in front of the toilet. There was some sort of communication breakdown because they brought extra towels but no one to clean up the mess. The front desk staff didn't offer to anything in return for the inconvenience except a smoking room because they were booked. They only reluctantly gave us a hotel credit after we asked, but we still got charged for gratuity (Even though we generously tipped the staff). Overall, it was the customer service we were dissatisfied with - none of the staff tried to go above and beyond considering we spent several hundred dollars to stay in their hotel. We definitely won't be staying here again.
4	Very fun casino, especially for a younger crowd.  Always seems busy and there is a huge nice mall attached for shopping.  The casino has plenty of beautiful dancers and dealers to keep you interested.  The music is great and there is a good vibe here.
3	Just another casino on the strip.  Very long, and a lot of shops.  Only downside was I felt like I was walking around in a rip off of the forum shops.  They could have gone more original than a rip off of Cesar's.
3	Really 2.5 but I won big in the casino so I'll give the extra half.  This hotel is more family oriented with the attached mall being a big attraction.  The crowd is pretty tame, not a lot of younger folks and the scene on Fri/Sat was simply not in the spirit of Vegas. Restaurants were good, we enjoyed the diner twice and the food was great.  The pool is lame, you have to walk through the 6th floor hotel hallway to get there and once you do it's basically a glorified neighborhood pool scene, the view is great but it just feels like they're not even trying. Thematically the rooms are all focused on starts and movies but inside its casino its the Hodgepodge Hotel meandering from concept to concept (crystal disco balls, bright neon tv towers, goofy interludes, etc.).  We didn't have a bad time but if you're looking to stay at a destination hotel and enjoy what it has to offer I'd recommend someplace else.
4	Play here, but don't stay here.I love the environment.  Very lively with the loud music, girls dancing on the stage everywhere and the 24 hour Starbucks and Earl of Sandwiches.  It's THE place to gamble for younger people or mainly guys.  Play and eat all night.It's not the best place to stay.  The location is convenient, it's right in middle of the strip, but the room is creepy with the movie memorabilia stuff.  For example, I had some suits in plastic display cases, not something you want to be with in a room.  It's also just way too noisy.  When I'm at the hotel I'm staying, I'm most likely getting started or tired and just can't stand the loud music.  The shower had someone else's hair stuck on the wall and also the bed sucked.Like I said, play here, but don't stay here.
1	Yuck this place is sp ghetto
2	With so many places to go in Las Vegas I can't really claim that this is a must see. It is fun to go to the miracle mile shops though.
4	Three star rooms, extra star for added convenience!! It's located in a perfect spot on the strip, you can walk almost anywhere (except to the Wynn side), and the attached mall and all the restaurants AND coffee bean = one happy Cherish.
3	So we stayed here for a buddy's bachelor party and I must say, the casino floors are a whole lot better than I expected. Lots of loose slots, good vibes at the craps tables and plenty of love at the blackjack tables. That love only exists if you've got a high bankroll. I didn't get that much love. The rooms were pretty adequate in size. They're kept very clean, and the bathroom was nicely sized with a full bath that I was able to soak in every morning. My one gripe: the beds SUCK. The pillows offer just about as much support for your neck as a floor. The bedsheets had a texture to it...I don't know how to explain it, it felt dirty and shoddily laundered. It grossed us out a bit, but we just made do. Screw it, we're only in the room to recuperate from the outside activities. Other than that, it was an alright place to stay at. I'd probably go back to good old Palazzo or Encore next time.
4	Great location on the strip. Walking distance to most good hotels. The hotel looks pretty cool and atmosphere is cool. The room itself is ok. TV was flat screen and each room has some piece of Hollywood in it.
5	This is one of my favorite places to stay at when i am down in vegas. The reason why it is one of my favorites is the combination of PRICE + LOCATION + ATMOSPHERE. i AM IN MY 20'S and when i am down in vegas i am rarely in my room, mainly just to sleep and recover from a night of partying. So i love staying here because i can always find a good price on the hotels and the decor of the rooms are pretty new still. IT has a nice modern look. The location is on the strip and right across the brand new aria / cosmopolitan also. It is also located on the main strip so you can almost walk from most of the good hotels on the strip. The atmosphere of planet hollywood is also great. It has a nice young crowd around this hotel. The gambling area has the pleasure pit where there are beautiful girls dancing and dealing out cards. Plus there is a mall located in this hotel. One of my favorite sandwich places is located here which is earls sandwich. After a night of partying, this sandwich place really hits the spot.
5	I stayed here on my most recent trip to Vegas and I must say that I was impressed.  I liked it more than TI, and it was infinitely better than Excalibur and Circus Circus.  Plus, for the price and location, it's perfect.The room was nice.  Pretty good size overlooking the pool and strip, which was perfect because I could see the action at the pool and whether it was worth going to.  Which it was.The gambling?  Meh, I think all casinos are pretty much the same, some having lower limits than others.  This one is in the middle I guess.The food was good.  The Earl of Sandwiches was good and I liked the price.  The buffet wasn't bad either.The atmosphere was good too.  Lot's of young and middle aged people.  A good environment to meet and mingle with people.  I would stay here again.Another positive, no resort fees
4	I've been a regular at Planet Hollywood since its inception.  Even as far back as the days when Planet Hollywood use to be called Aladdin.  Actually, I was here for the big implosion of the old Aladdin and the grand opening of Miracle Mile Shops and Aladdin.  The Aladdin brand was a bit boring, I'm glad they revamped it to, what is now, Planet Hollywood.The valet here has always been bad.  It can take forever to get your car or even drop it off.  Unless, of course, you are a Diamond or 7-Stars member.  Thank you Caesars Entertainment, formerly known as Harrah's Inc., for buying up PH.  VIP valet is super fast and very much a necessity on Fridays & Saturdays.  Speaking of which, the taxi lines on Fridays & Saturdays at PH are ridiculous.  Walk a bit to the Paris taxi stand if it looks bad unless the attire you're wearing doesn't call for such strenuous activity.  And, unless your by yourself, don't even think about parking at self-park.  No brownie points earned for saving a few bucks on tip for valet.The rooms in PH, themselves, are pretty amazing.  It's a bit dark, but the beds are comfy and the movie memorabilia displayed around the room gives an air of nostalgia.  The decor is trendy and intimate.  PH is not really suited for families.  It's more for the twenty somethings of the world that live life at full throttle.  If your young at heart though, go for it, this casino & hotel still rocks for us older dudes and dudettes.One thing I truly love about PH though is that they have a "Pleasure Pit" at night.  It's any area where your dealers wear somewhat sexy 'uniforms' and dance on an elevated stage on occasion.  If, I may quote Paris Hilton, "That's Hot".  Yah, I said it.  Let's get pass that now...cool...alright.PH is also home to a damn good sandwich place called "Earl of Sandwich".  Yup, a sandwich place from the descendant of the Earl of Sandwich himself.  Can you say, pass the mustard?!The feelings of youth and seizing the moment just burst in the air at PH.  Feeling young and being young isn't bad at all.  It's definitely a Top 5 stay at LV for me.
1	So sad that my first experience at this hotel was not good one.  I had high hopes of having a great hotel room at a great location on the strip but....  thanks Planet Hollywood for screwing that up for me. T_TI made reservations weeks in advanced.  Got there and they told me check in was at 3.  Ok, no problem.  Came back at 3 to find a long line.  /sigh.  Waiting in line till after 4 and the front desk told me that my room won't be ready for at about another hour.  She gave me a room number, made a call, then told me that there is a lady in that room cleaning.  Ok, no big deal.  I went over to the ABC store and picked me up two Asahis.  Came back around 5:15 to wait in line again. /sigh.  Now the story changed.  They said that I can get a room right now if I settled for a smoking room or double bed.  I made reservations weeks ago for king bed, non-smoking.  They would not be able to provide that for me till after 7pm!  what the shit!  what is wrong with you people?The front desk told me that my reservations doesn't give any priority to me.  If someone without a reservation walks up and requests a room before you (with a reservation) gets there, then the room goes to them.  What a retarded way to do business.  So I gave Planet Hollywood the mental middle finger and took my money somewhere else.
5	I stayed here and I thought it was pretty nice!and this though that place is glitzyAnd I like the Extra Lounge, it was fun, just listening to music. I like Planet Dailies, Earl of Sandwich, So I probably be back!
4	If you like shiny stuff, this is the place to go! I really liked the atmosphere of the place, especially the huge chandeliers and overall "glitzi-ness" of the place.  PF Chang's was a great place to eat.  My boyfriend had a hard time getting served at the bar (it was about in the middle of the casino).  You must have to be female to get someone to wait on you.Clean restrooms - always a plus!
4	Mad props for the renovations team for Planet Hollywood. I got a superb deal for ph for a week long business trip and it's one of my favorite LV hotels now. It sits towards the center of the Strip, right across from City Center. Immediately when you walk in, the lobby welcomes you with a cool and lounge-like ambiance. The rooms were very spacious and had very nice furniture and a 42" Flat screen. The beds were pillow top Sealys which were very comfy. The sheets had a high thread count since I kept running my hands over them. Now the casino. The new PleasurePit is the main casino floor and all of the girls wear fishnet stockings, boy shorts, and a corset. Not only the garments are hot but the girls are not bad at all.PH also houses the PEEP Show and the new club Gallery. I didn't have a chance to visit either but I'm sure I'll visit PH very soon. Definitely recommended!
4	Planet Hollywood perfectly suited my Vegas needs.  The room was clean, the bathroom was great (including a GIANT soaking tub that reallllly hit the spot), and the staff couldn't have been more friendly.  In addition, the rate we paid on the room could not have been beat for a better room or location.  I'm already planning my next Vegas trip and will be staying at PH!
4	I just spent five nights at PH. Great price, huge room, comfortable bed and pillows, & HDTV. Good and fast check in and check out. Fast valet service. Great location at center strip and close to all the action. I like the convenience of the Miricle Mile shops and restaurants. I like the ambiance in the casino. I had a great experience and would highly recommend the PH if you get a good price. I've been to LV over 40 times and stayed in most of the hotels. I like this hotel and stay there when the price is right. If they're getting full price I can usually stay at a higher level hotel for the same price using Priceline.
3	It was my very first time to visit Las Vegas and my friend decided to book our hotel here.  Although, I wasn't in love with the hotel, it's located smack dab in the middle of strip.Our room was dark and gloomy.  It had one teeny tiny window in the corner of our room.  When I got there, I saw a hair tie on the ground that didn't belong to me, so I was automatically turned off from the get-go.  On the other hand, the bathroom was nice and clean and it had a really big bathtub!  On our third day, I think housekeeping might of been fed up with us because they didn't replenish our hand towels.  Maybe cause we used too many?  Idk... I can't complain too much because the price was decent and it's the perfect location!
5	Exceptional service! Valet...fast and courteous. Self Parking is a nightmare because of where it's located. If you self park you've got to walk a through the Mile of Shops to get to the front desk. I would HIGHLY recommend the valet parking. If traveling with someone in need of handicap parking, valet is your only option.  Check in...a front desk attendant with a personality, smiles and great conversation. Gave us an upgrade to a bigger room and a nice view of the strip :)Restaurants...overpriced as you would expect but the service made up for it. Very attentive waitstaff at every eating establishment we encounteredConcert venue....an awfully long line that led around the Mile of Shops. They need to open their doors sooner to give that long single line of people a chance to get to their seats. When you arrive 30 minutes early to a show you would expect to see the whole show but because we waited in that entrance line for about an hour, we missed part of the opening act. However, service was exceptional here. When my friend needed assistance in the steep climb out of the venue, security didnt rush us out. They told us to take all the time we needed and one even offered his arm to her and assisted her out at her pace, not his.Planet Hollywood Hotel is a great example of how customer service should be!
4	Let me start by saying that this is just a casino review. I didn't stay in the hotel. Moving along I think I have a favorite Vegas casino! Planet Hollywood casino has a super cool atmosphere with color changing LED light accents and club like music with video screens and Go-Go dancers. Cocktail servers are quick, attentive and friendly. Miracle mile is a more traditional mall with stores like H&M and Urban Outfitters. The overall vibe here made me want to spend all evening there. Again, Haven't stayed in the rooms so I can't comment on that. I am really looking forward to staying here on a future trip!
4	I love staying at planet hollywood! The beautiful yet modern decor, the helpful staff, and the free bottle of alcohol also helped. Here are a few plus about the PH resort... Rooms - Each room has a movie theme. We stayed in the Universal Solider room. My friends got to stay in the James Bond Room. Nice room with a big bathroomShopping- All my favorite stores... bebe, urban outfitters, H&M. Restaurants- Good solid  buffet in vegas. There is also Koi, Strip Steak, PH Cafe. There are also lots of choice in the mallPool - Private Pool for Hotel Guest only so its not too crowded. They also have beer pong tables.
4	Now that Cosmopolitan and Aria are next door, this puts PH in a sweet area on the boulevard. Not fond of the casino layout though, its almost maze like and I always get confused where I am and how in the hell do I get out of the place. I like the fact that it has a mall connected because sometimes you forget to pack that cool outfit for going out and now you can just go down and buy one from the many cool clothing stores. The rates are often affordable and last time I stayed there, the room key gets you line passing access into there club. All the rooms are themed to movie but this looses nostalgia when your in the Wesley Snipes "Drop Zone" themed room. The room itself  is very nice just make sure you don't get booked in one of the disconnected towers or else you'll be walking more than you want.
4	I don't know why, but over my last several trips to Vegas, Planet Hollywood has figured more and more prominently in where I spend time at the gaming tables.  Planet Hollywood is one of Harrah's many properties in Vegas, but it's truly one of the company's nicer, hip and modern offerings more akin to Caesars than to Harrah's, Imperial Palace, or the Flamingo.  No vestiges of its past incarnation as the Aladdin remain (thankfully), as it possesses a sleek, stylish, energetic and loud atmosphere, especially on the weekend.  The casino floor has the standard complement of slots and video poker machines as well as the standard variety of table games.  The center of the gaming area is dominated by the Heart Bar, which has a dj, go-go dancers, and bottle service on the weekends.  Of course, I'm not sure why it has a dj, go-go dancers, and bottle service, but it's Vegas...so why the hell not?  Following the seeming trend of casinos offering gaming areas with attractive female dealers at the tables and go-go dancers gyrating in the gaming pit area, Planet Hollywood offers the Pleasure Pit.  PH may not have started this trend of nightclub/casino convergence, but they seem to do it better than most.  The dealers are very personable and attractive, as are the go-go dancers.  Despite their appearance, the dealers are quite adept at dealing blackjack.  Truth be told, I didn't find it too pleasurable losing money at the blackjack table. Although my GF and I didn't stay at PH this trip, the rooms aren't bad, albeit a bit kitschy with the whole Planet Hollywood motif.  To my recollection, the bed are decently comfortable...certainly much better than the torture devices called beds at the Paris.  PH's restaurant selection isn't the biggest on the Strip, but Koi is a very decent place for sushi.  Planet Hollywood may not be my first choice to stay and play, but it's definitely on my short list for consideration, especially if they're offering a special rate or comped room.  Call it a 3.5 star place, rounding up to 4!
4	Center Strip!!!Awesome Rooms!!A Mall below the Casino!!Done!
2	Rooms are fine but the overall experience is horrible, extremely long walk from parking garage to casino. The cocktail waitress really need to re-take waitressing 101, they are horrible when it comes to customer services, you ladies are supposed to make your customers happy instead of pissing them off, so they can go to a different casino.....come on, why do that to your own wallet. The front desk people are extremely aloof when it comes to catering the best Vegas experience to the customers, really.....I guess both you and the cocktail waitress came from the same casino academy, sigh.....what happened to Vegas?
3	It's official, I am OLD. We booked Planet Hollywood on a whim. I'm glad we did! We arrived very early for our room, 10:00am, but were pleasantly surprised to find the room ready for our arrival. We went up and got all settled in. It's easier to just make a list of the pros and cons - Pros - Location - perfect. Easy in and out on foot - much improved from the former property. Busy and exciting - a lot going on in that place. Great room - size was huge and I enjoyed the large bathroom with the shower and toilet separate. Modern amenities Lots of food and shopping options. Cons - There were a lot of younger people staying at this hotel. It was loud in the afternoons and evenings, but quiet at night. There seemed to be a lot of drunkies in the elevators and on the casino floor. There seemed to be a lot of just kind of 'hanging out' in the hallways at all hours of the day and evening. There seemed to be a lot of 'pretty people' at the pool. I'm not pretty and not interested in a bikini contest. Difficult in and out in a taxi. Although the location on the strip is good, the taxis go around back. I would estimate the wait time to make the turns into the taxi area adds $5 to the tab. In looking back, it was a great option, but I don't see myself as hip. I'm glad we stayed there, but would more than likely not stay again.
3	Planet Hollywood is fairly nice and has a lot of attractions (ie: shows, shopping, eating, etc.) on its main floor/casino. The rooms are nice as well with a cool contemporary feel to it. Price-wise, this hotel isn't too bad compared to Wynn, Belagio, etc. But in my opinion, it's location isn't the best on the strip. Be prepared to either cab often, or walk a lot.
2	Honestly, this hotel was no better than a motel! [At least the rooms weren't]. I was so disappointed when I arrived here! And I dont complain much.From the minute we walked in, our rooms were not even ready [Granted, we checked in early], but they told us we can have a handicap room or smoking. After reading reviews, I didnt want either of these rooms because I had heard complaints. So instead we decided to go eat breakfast and come back to see if the room is ready. When we came back about 2 hrs later, still no room. So we opted for smoking.Once we arrived to the room, it looked dirty. But I didnt complain. When you sit on the edge of the bed, the whole mattress goes up! The pillowy tile decor on the walls were peeling off! The bathroom smelled funny. The TV had no HBO or anything of substance [Not that we went there to watch TV, its just the principle]. No mini bar. No robe. Practically NO LIGHTING. Room was very dark and dim. And 2 lights didnt even work! The front desk rarely answered the phone.I had to pay $159 for a late check out! For only 4 hrs extra! At the Bellagio, I only paid $80!!!   They would not negotiate on this at all, regardless that our maid broke an antique mirror I had brought with me. Pros:      -Location [On strip, Miracle Mile shops]     -Pink's, Earl of Sandwich, Planet DailiesCons:     -Dirty room     -Not the friendliest staff     -Buffet was horrible!     -Casino setup was confusing      -If ur taking a cab, it will cost you extra bc the setup from the hotels taxi valet whips you all the way around the hotel just to get to and from the strip     -$13.99 just for WiFi!!! Most other places it is free!I could go on and on and on... but I feel as though I rather not waste any more time on Planet Hollywood.
4	I have to say, of all the casino's we visited while on our trip, this was one of the ones we went back to time and again.  I really liked it.  The table games have decent limits and the waitresses are not slow like at some casinos (even when it is crowded which is most of the time).  They have several different table areas and a very nice centrally located bar.  Smart of Harrah's to snap this place up when they could.  like the Hard Rock it can be loud, it can also have a much younger crowd.  Unlike the Hard Rock - it appears to have a much more mature crowd (with a few exceptions here and there).  Like most casinos they have the standard slots, though I didn't play any this trip.  Unfortunately for them they do have one Starbucks that is SLOW.  The workers here should take some tips from the waitresses in the casino.  They would make more in tips and they would keep the customers happy.
3	I always end up in this casino no matter where im staying and thats because Earl of Sandwhich is right inside of itand they are easy to find. Good amount of the good goldfish slot machines that I can play for days . Did not enjoy their buffet after reading all the hype about it awhile back.  Probably wouldnt stay here unless I had a free rooms only because there are a lot better options. Drink service was pretty solid though which seems to be a pain in the butt everywhere else nowadays.
1	Not sure if there have been other reports of theft in the past but when I went it was a Friday night me, my bf, my friend and his gf were staying there and we went to Marquee. Were out of the room from 9pm-2am. When we returned, my friend noticed that $400 was missing from her wallet along with the $20 that she had left out the table. Before we left we put the do not disturb sign on the door which was gone when we got back. My friend isnt dumb and you dont just misplace $400 she knew where she put her money. She filed a report and talked to head security and they said she would have to wait a week to see what could be done bc they needed investigate. Well today I talked to her and the event occurred two weeks ago and she tells me that she is not going to be reimbursed bc PH is not liable for stolen items. WTF! Thats bs coz we knew we closed the door and my friends suitcase got looked through. PH employees such as housekeeping have access to our rooms and can just steal hella sh.t. Basically PH can eat a d*ck and if you are goin to stay here and have valuables USE THE SAFE.
2	We stayed here  because our room was comped.  Other than that, I would not pay to stay here at the hotel.The room was ok, I've seen better.  But again, cause it was comped....The pool .... ugh.  nothing was going on and it was uber boring.  Just two pools on either side and nothing special.Cant comment on the casino or the restaurants cause I spent time at other casinos, even went swimming at another hotel/casino after the first day because the pool was not where we wanted to spend our day.The filter in our room needed to be changed.  It was so disgusting seeing dust piling up at the vent. And as others have mentioned here, the room was dark.. Lighting was real bad.  On the plus side, checking in was easy as the staffer at the desk was pleasant and took care of us quickly.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!!For all the people complaining about the noise and partying, this place isn't for you. If you are 35+, go to Paris across the street. This place is a hip location that caters to the 21-33 crowd.Super fun casino, great drinks, great atmosphere, tons of hot girls walking around, some expected drunk guys. This place is the exact reason I come to Vegas. If i have to stay at the Wynn, Palazzo or Bellagio, I would be bored to death.
4	I love that Vegas has a buffet of hotels. You can go a thousand times and never stay in the same place twice. My boyfriend travels to Vegas at least once a month for work & I try to tag along when I can. My hands down favorite part of these trips (other than the Vegas experience itself) is picking out new hotels to stay in and try out. That being said, Planet Hollywood is currently my top pick. I love the look of the place, staff was great, check-in/out was quick and easy, they had great food options and shopping. But my absolute FAVORITE part was the room! At check-in we were upgraded and got a massive suite with a huge 2 person tub that overlooked the strip with a massive flat screen TV. I had never been more excited to bathe in my life. We did some light gambling and had some drinks after check-in but I literally couldn't stop thinking about the bathtub. That night we took some beers up to the room and had a bubble-bath with just the Vegas strip for light. I will forever be thankful to that beautiful man at the front desk and that upgrade. There were a few things I didn't like though. The pool: It was really mediocre. When I'm in Vegas I like to spend the majority of my time poolside. I want some atmosphere, some music and a cute little cocktail waitress who will bring me drinks and snacks. That is not the vibe at PH, which is strange really, because you'd think it would be. Getting around: The place is a labyrinth. We went for self-park and entered on the complete opposite end of where the front desk was. We had to schlep our bags through the shopping mall area and all around the casino before finding check-in. Overall the location is great, its a visually pleasing hotel to stay in and they have video Black Jack @ the sports bar, YAY!
2	wow, where do I begin?  It took us an hour and a half to check in.  Our first room appeared to have been ransacked.  Beer bottle caps on the floor, the items from the cabinet were strewn all over the floor, beds unmade , towels everywhere, extremely dusty on the tables, a HOT mess.  The next room (which was an upgrade)  had been shampooed that morning, so the carpet was  WET....very WET.. tried to call the front desk and waited for over 30 minutes with no answer.  So, had to go back down to the front desk and  while they apologized, it took them about 15 minutes for them come back and tell us what we were going to receive.  (2 free buffet meals).  The service at the HOTEL in general was horrible.  From the front desk, the phone service, the waitresses at the pool, even the server at PRICE MARKET (the buffet restaurant).  The hallways were ALWAYS dirty.  This place is a hot mess. Yes, there are some perks... but geez, had to go through so much to receive them.
4	The room was huge! Maybe because I'm used to NYC rooms or FL rooms, but I was surprised at how spacious it was. Very clean and the bed is uber comfy. There's a big tub and a shower in the large bathroom. Also, the mirror in there is giant, which is wonderful when a bunch of girls are trying to get ready simultaneously. I shared the room with two friends and we didn't feel crowded at all. We went in February so we didn't go to the pools, but we took a gander and they were pretty nice. The lobby is eh, i didn't like the decor. We got a voucher for a free bottle after checkin. We didn't redeem it til our last night because we thought it'd be a tiny little sampler bottle but it was pretty big :)I'd stay here again because the rooms are great, the location is smack in the middle of the strip and the Spice Market buffet is right down stairs...yumm. I ALWAYS got lost as soon as i stepped foot in the casino, it's a labyrinth, but I figured it out by my last night. Also, the mall in the hotel is cool, especially the Fat Tuesdays :D I need Fat Tuesdays in NY.*We visited our friends' room in the Escalibur....eww. Definitely would not stay there, although the hotel itself is full of fun things like Thunder from Down Under and Dick's Last Resort :)
3	Planet Hollywood is in a great location.  Seriously, it can't be topped.  However, the hotel is only okay.The room I was in was adequate and affordable.  And honestly, that's why we stayed there.  But if you're not able to get a deal on the room like I was, why are you staying here?  Cosmo is across the street next to Aria, Bellagio, Caesars, Mandarin Oriental & Vdara... if you're not getting a deal at Planet Hollywood it just doesn't make much sense to book it.  If you are getting a deal though, which I suspect you are, you are probably staying in a Hollywood Hip Room (they're just the basic rooms) and you won't be disappointed.  The location is superb and the rooms are, as I said, adequate.  At about $50.00 - $80.00 a night, this is a great hotel to book.  Over $100.00 a night, you're probably making a mistake.
2	If you're a smoker, this is your hotel. EVERYTHING reeked of smoke. The plumbing was lousy in my room, but I will say the room was fairly quiet and had some fun decor. It seemed everything about this hotel was mediocre - from the gambling to the food. I was in town for a conference so I didn't have to pay my way. If I were visiting Vegas for fun, I'd stay somewhere else!
4	My friends and I decided to book a room at this hotel due to the perfect location on the strip.  We found a deal on the internet that let us book for a reasonable price, especially for a weekend in June, so we were happy.  Upon arrival, they let you valet your car (free of charge, just tip them) and the hotel check in area is right inside the main doors.  The hotel staff (in my experiences) was very friendly and knowledgeable, not to mention QUICK! I stayed at the Monte Carlo and we waited for about half an hour to check in.  Pretty ridiculous.  Our room was located on the 20th floor, close to the elevator.  Which I LOVED! No walking down long hallways to get to the room, and it was close to the ice machine.  We decided to get a non-smoking room, and unlike other people who have commented on this... our room DID NOT smell like smoke at all.  We had no noise problems either.  The elevators are fast, and they even have a little TV in there to keep you entertained while you're taken to your floor.  Housekeeping comes MIGHTY EARLY, though.  They got to our room about 9 in the morning, and umm, we had gotten in around 4-4:30.  We told them to come back later.  BEDS ARE SO COMFORTABLE! I was pleasantly surprised and didn't wake up in the middle of the night to an angry back.  Each room is themed - we stayed in the Little Buddha room.  It had a couple of posters framed and a little article from the movie on the table by the window.  Bathroom was amazingly big - which came in handy with 4 girls in the room.  Tub is huge, toilet has it's own door, shower is separate as well.  The mirror and the sink are fairly large, and there's also a mirror right outside the bathroom.  These all came in handy when getting ready for the clubs. I can't make any comments about the casino, since I didn't really gamble at all while I was here.  It was a birthday party, so we went to clubs/bars.  Heart Bar, located inside the casino, is very expensive.  Bartenders aren't exactly the friendliest, but the girls dancing make it entertaining.  Halo Bar, located right outside the casino, has an awesome happy hour from 3-7 with $5 shots and $5 "well drinks."  The shops surrounding the casino and hotel are awesome and very convenient - they have plenty of stores and plenty of places to eat as well.  They kept the decor from the Aladdin, but I don't mind. I'm not going to be a snob about the way the place looks.  A hotel is a place to sleep and get ready, and that's just what I did.  Earl of Sandwich is open 24 hours... but be aware when going in the middle of the night, there's lots of guys trying to pick up on you.  Creepers never sleep, I guess.  Check out was a breeze, but valet does take about 10-15 minutes.  We weren't in a rush, and we were dead tired, so we didn't complain much about that.  If you're planning on getting a taxi while here, the line moves fairly fast. Just be prepared to pay those extra few dollars when waiting to get in and out of the taxi line. They start that timer riiiiight away. All in all? Good trip to Las Vegas. I want to try some other hotels, but I'd come back if the deal was right.
4	I took my "besty" to Vegas as a belated birthday gift, and a few of our friends came along as well. I chose Planet Hollywood due to its location on the Strip. Considering this was a buddy trip -- PH was the PERFECT hotel. My experiences with the hotel staff were all pleasant. PH offers an upbeat casino and an all around fun atmosphere. I do wish that the hotel had nicer rooms but not a big deal. BTW -- check out Gallery Nightclub when you go --- it's beautiful! When I was there LL Cool J performed live. For absolute relaxation -- I will continue to stay at the Wynn --- for fun times with friends ---- Planet Hollywood!
5	Through the years this casino has transformed itself into one of the best looking interior casinos in Vegas. They also have an outstanding shopping mall area. We came here and I was able to play the penny slots and roulette. I actually made some money at planet Hollywood. I tried playing at their poker room, but they don't have any 2-4 Limit Hold Em tables. the guy was cool. He recommended I go to the Flamingo for 2-4 Limit Hold Em. I appreciated his advice.Just a note: It's easier to use Paris valet and take a short walk to Planet Hollywood. There's a dessert place on the corner of Paris called Sugar Factory and I hear the dessert's here are incredible.
4	Great casino!I've not stayed in the hotel, but the casino and the things around it are top notch. Lots of tables and machines, and lots of activity.Great restaurants in the casino, and Peep Show was a lot of fun.
4	I stayed here for the weekend and I love it! The atmosphere is really lively, but it was really crowded during the day. But then again, the Miss USA pageant was going on and the contestants were everywhere. I actually saw Miss Massachusetts get off the elevator as well as Miss Iowa Teen USA. Sometimes you will see celebrities here also... my mom actually met Kelly Osbourne in the casino and got a pic with her and Jesse Tyler Ferguson from Modern Family was walking around a few months ago when I went. Too bad I missed both sightings!The hotel room we stayed in was pretty comfortable. The beds are comfy, but the rooms could use a little more lighting. But then again, that is Hollywood style.One of the reasons I love PH is because it has a mall, Miracle Mile Shops, attached to it and there's shops, bars, and restaurants affordable for the rich and common folk alike. The casino is also pretty large and there's just a lot to do in this one little spot. I recommend PH to everyone, actually. :)
4	Unlike a lot of the other newer casinos on the Strip, Planet Hollywood actually does have a really fun vibe.When some places try to emulate other places, it usually doesn't come off as well as it could, or should, or let's face it, is just a sad imitation.  Planet Hollywood goes for that "Los Angeles/Holloywood" feel, whether it's the events that it hosts, the celebrities that it brings in, the general vibe, or even some of the eateries.  And here, it works.It doesn't try to BE Los Angeles.  It tries to be the Los Angeles feel for Las Vegas.  It also doesn't try to invoke the snooty, uber-pretentious vibe of some of the other casinos.  It's a place that just seems to want to have fun.  Not for some people, but for everyone.The inside mall actually has stores and restaurants that can fit any budget.  The line up of shows are varied and entertaining (from the ones I've seen).  They have some excellent art galleries in there.  There's nothing here that could be considered run down or low brow.  The atmosphere just encourages you to play.And I've seen some great entertainment here: Film shoots, award shows, concerts, film premieres....  It's a compact L.A. experience without the stupid traffic jams and parking issues.While I missed out on the Aladdin and even Planet Hollywood for the longest time, when I finally tried this place out a few years back, it stuck with me, and became one of my more preferred casinos.  Hopefully, its still relative "newness" will keep Vegas at bay from wanting to tear it down in the next five years or so, but as far as strip casinos go, I can easily recommend this one.
2	Could do a bit better on the friendliness tip.  We weren't asking for much more than a smile or a nice welcome.  The hotel itself is ultra modern when u enter the lobby, and the room is great, large tub is great, but the check-in experience put a bad taste in my mouth.  The Heart Bar is cool though.
2	This is a rundown on the hotel as I did not play in the casino or bars.  I stayed in a "Hollywood Hip" room.  Absolutely nothing special about this hotel - run of the mill.  You will get nothing more than the room for your money.$14 for internet connection in room$25 to use the fitness room?  That is only a $10 discount for hotel guests.Shower in adjacent room made so much pipe noise there was no sleeping past 6:00 am.Lighting in rooms is dingy.  Not even a makeup mirror.Could not get a late check out even on a Tuesday morning with no big events going on.When are they going to make in-room safes big enough to fit a 15 inch laptop?Mall adjacent has lots of stores but not as nice and not as simple to navigate as Caesar's Mall.  The best thing was the fella that stored my luggage.  He looked me in the eye and assured me my luggage would be kept safe.  I'm one for two - lost sleep but no lost luggage..
3	Decided to give Planet Hollywood a try based on a recommendation from a friend. I'd have to say, apart from the Miracle Mile and Koi Japanese Steakhouse, this hotel really didn't wow me. I had a lot of hope for this hotel but it fell short of meeting my expectations. I thought the room was going to be modern, sleek and decked out with cool movie memorablia. Our movie items consisted of a shirt and a poster from the Murder in the First movie. The bathroom is outdated and the fixtures need replacement. Had to run the shower water for 5 minutes prior to getting in or the water was freezing. Plus side, the tub is huge and jetted. The bed is comfortable and my room overlooked the pool. Shops, restaurants, pools and shows right at your fingertips. Right across the street and adjacent to hotel are many options for shopping, gambling, shows and food. Great location but the room is not up to other Las Vegas 4-star hotel standards.
4	I really like this hotel and it's layout. It always seems like it's fun in here, great shops, food dining area. I haven't gambled here not sure how fun that is, but we always know what the turn out will be when gambling at any casino. The interior is just awesome. I'd love to stay here for one weekend, but as long as my sister and brother are locals here, I probably won't be lodging in anywhere here. Because I do like the looks and the feel at this place I surely will come back here every now and then when I'm in town.
5	My friends that came here didn't even stay in this hotel but from Friday to Monday, we came here about 11 times for all different reason. It just seemed to have everything we needed each time--hot dogs (Pink's), sandwiches (Earl), drinks (Fat Tuesday), underwear (H&M), other (American Apparel). For some reason, we got lost every time as well. Every trip here was another adventure or maybe we were bored. They even have go go dancers in their casino at night.Despite this place not feeling like it has anything to do with Hollywood, I loved my trips here. It seems to be the one place to go to during the day when you're not ready enough to party.
5	I had a great time here.  The staff was nice, the rooms were accommodating, and the alcohol is fairly priced.  I have to give much props to the staff though.  Me and my friends had our very own "hangover" moment where we drank a few too many everclear shots and lost one of our friends at the pool area.  We didn't realize he was missing until we got back to our room.  But instead of looking for him, we laughed about the situation and passed out (messed up i know, but we were drunk).  Next thing we know, we get a knock on the door, and guess who it was?  Our missing drunk!  The staff at PH had found our friend walking around aimlessly in the casino with no shirt and no shoes completely inebriated.  They were nice enough to wheelchair him back to our room (free of charge).  PH you rock!
5	Stayed again a few weeks ago, and it was as great as always.  They have improved the pool, so it looks way better.  Sucks they charge for the nice lounges, but oh well, the basic ones are comfy and can be lounged in for hours :).  The room was sooooo affordable when we stayed and we could see the whole north view of the strip and B fountain.  It was a really cool corner room.  For sure, one of the best places to stay in Vegas when looking to spend less.
5	Best hotel stay, ever. This Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino is located where the Aladdin used to be up until 5 years ago. I would dub the vibe as modern Hollywood chic. It's the best option on the strip in my opinion. The rooms rock your socks off...with movie memorabilia and framed movie pics, along with a 42" screen TV, humongous tub, marble floors granite counters and we even had a partial view of the strip...all for just $63/night via www.priceline.com. The desk staff were delightful, and there are so many restaurants & shops in the hotel & right outside of it, in the indoor mall. Take advantage of free wi-fi in the Starbucks next to the Extra Lounge, where you can see interviews of celebs too. To get a taste of a little technological advancement, view your room charges right on your TV. screen. Or just revel in the quietness that comes with the drama-free guests . One of my favorite advantages of staying at Planet Hollywood is the Express Checkout. You fill out the form in your room, wrap it around your room key cards, and slip them in the box in the lobby. You're done and ready to roll. No standing in line forever to checkout. If there are any charges left over, they'll bill you. Easy peasy. So yeah, in a nutshell: Best hotel stay, ever.
4	Planet Hollywood was busier than ever this last time when I saw the area. On the 8th of June to the 17th, 2011- There was definitely alot of activity here in Las Vegas. ALways seemed packed, especially compared to other casinos. I had a great time playing that game they had outside Press Your Luck. I won a few free drinks and two of the $20 dinner vouchers.  The Miss USA contestants were around too that week early for their event.
4	use to be Aladdin. hotel has good shops and pinks the famous hot dog place from la! ceilings are pretty with clouds on top
1	Awful service at the front desk. Reserved a room with 2 queen beds and they said they don't guarantee rooms when you reserve them. The lady on the phone when I made the reservations clearly told me the room would have 2 queens. The front desk wasn't helpful at all in remedying the situation.I'd expect some sort of kickback since we didn't get the room we wanted, we had a reservation for a 4 night stay period, and had a large group of 4 different rooms. You would think they would want our future business. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Vegas. Definitely staying at the Palazzo next time.
1	When my girlfriend and I were deciding where to stay for our anniversary. We decided to stay at Planet Hollywood cause of the description and picture that was on the website, it looked very hip. Also it's right on the strip. This is what we written on the site: (Hollywood Hip Room)This 450-square-foot room comes with a choice of one king or two queen beds. The room features signature Planet Hollywood bedding and decorations including authentic movie memorabilia. The room also has a 42-inch plasma television, armoire and a laptop-sized in-room safe. When we got there to check-in we were denied valet parking and couldn't even use the bellhop service. We ended up parking in the self park and had to carry our bags through the mall which was a very long walk. When we checked into our room we were disappointed because the description and picture didn't match the Hollywood Hip room that was on the website. There was no 42-inch TV and no authentic movie memorabilia and etc. Another inconvenience was that there was no ice machine on our floor when it stated that there are ice machines on every floor. Also housekeeping didn't replace the same amount of towels that we had the previous night. On our last day we asked for late check-out but front desk denied us. Our friends who were staying the same hotel did get a late check-out. I was thinking WTF one room could get a late check-out and another room can't. So my girlfriend talked to the front desk again and told how our friends got a late check. Front desk: Do you know who gave your friends the late check-out? Gf: I don't know. Front desk: Do you know what room your friends are staying at? Gf: 5048 Front desk: Oh. I gave them the late check-out. Ok I'll give you the late check-out.  Latest I could give you is till 12pm.Me: WTF! Overall experience at Planet Hollywood hotel makes me want to stay far away from this hotel when I visit Las Vegas again. I really didn't want to write this comment but the more I think about our visit I wished we stayed at a different hotel.
5	First time in Vegas I stayed here. Very nice and helpful staff, very clean, and a good location.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. Trying to find the hotel parking vs. the mall parking was confusing and my husband was getting really mad. He even said this place better be worth it. IT IS! We stayed here June 15-17. When we first got there our room wasn't ready but the guy gave us an upgrade to a studio room. OMG.  The room was bigger than our old apartment in San Diego. A view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains. The bathroom was just about as big as the room itself. Our room had a sitting area with Forrest Gump memorabilia and the funny thing is that it's my all time favorite movie. That was a fun surprise. The tub was big enough for two to fit comfortable and relax. The best part was The Miracle Mile of Shops was right downstairs. I really don't have too much to complain about except the buffet was just ok. For $27.99 per person you would think the food would taste better than other places but it didn't. I liked that they had a huge variety (American, Mexican, Italian...), if you get the coupon book from customer service I think you can get a 2 for 1  in the book. All in all this is the best place to stay on the strip. It isn't too hip where if you have kids they get bored and it's not to flashy for older people. We loved it and will be back!!
4	This place was the PERFECT location. You didn't ever have to leave the hotel, which was nice when it was SUPER hot, because it's attached to the Miracle Mile Shops and there's tons of great places to eat, things to do and see, etc.The rooms themselves were really nice, amazing bathrooms and really comfortable King-sized beds. My only qualm was maid service came once the entire 4 nights we were there... Weird?The casino is really fun, the staff is really nice, the buffets are kind of gross (go to Earl's, that sandwich shop, it was the best $6 I spent the whole trip) The pool(s) are fine, nothing swanky or glamorous, but kind of nice because everything else in Vegas is so in-your-face overwhelming I almost didn't want the glitz and glam poolside.Do your research and you can find some awesome deals for this place... It's the perfect location close to all of the clubs and nightlife, right in the center of the strip. Oh, and valet parking is FREE!
4	We booked two rooms for two nights for $650.  Although the rooms were adjacent, we felt it was better if our party of 8 had one big suite.  The host asked us if we wanted to upgrade to a 1200sf suite with an extra attached room (500sf) for $850.  For an extra $25/head, it was well worth the price! With all that space, we never felt cramped - as opposed to previous experiences where the rooms were so small that all we can do in them was to sleep.  Although the room (and hotel itself) isn't as luxurious as the Bellagio, Mirage, Wynn or many others, it was very spacious, had an amazing view, and was perfect to party in.Personally, I think there are three types of hotels in Vegas.1) The ultra-lush, very $$$, and super sterile luxurious ones.2) The pretty cool and fun ones.3) The ghetto motel quality ones.For us, Planet Hollywood was perfect.  Great location, easy access to the Miracle Mile Mall, pretty busy pool, and super convenient buffets.  It's not as impressive as some other hotels, but it does caters more to the 21-35 crowd.
2	Stayed one night, July 16.  Room smelled funky.  (honestly like body odor).  Bathroom shower was awkward and the shower head would not move so had to position in corner of shower to get any water. (maybe why the guests before us were clearly so funked out)Very noisy, from my room could hear tons of street noise. Rate was really low, like 140 a night.  Should have paid more and stayed somewhere that smelled better. The casino, shops and restaurants were all fine.
3	I've stayed at the Planet Hollywood twice now I give this place an honest review.Rooms: Besides the fact that there was a HUGE wet spot on the floor of our room when we first entered...nothing special. The bathroom is large (which is nice for the ladies) and there's a tub to fill with ice and put your bottles of alcohol in. I know you do it...Parking: SUPERRRR far from the actual hotel! UGH!!!!Pool: HORRIBLE! So small and plain! Yuck. You need a room key to get in by the way.Service: Sloowww! And for some reason they always seem to hang up on you or make you wait forever.When it comes to picking hotels in the summer I look for 2 things: Location & pool.Planet Hollywood has a horrible pool so...next time I would skip this place.
1	What was I thinking? I was thinking stay somewhere not too pricey and not too expensive. Well, when you compromise what you spend you also compromise what you get in return. We used to stay here when it was the Aladdin and a few times when it became Planet Hollywood. I must say that even Monte Carlo was better then here. But this last visit....well...The Pros:Right in the middle of the stripThe shopping centerThe Cons:The valet!!! Ugh, how can you advertise that valet is available to Planet Hollywoods guest and when we arrive, they tell us its closed to only VIP members?! WTHWaiting for valet return your car takes at least 75 min on a weekend and on a Monday, it took them 45 min?! WTHThe buffet...it sucks here, dont even try it.The room...we had to ask to change room because the shower did not work and the mattress had a dip on both sides of the bed.The 2nd room still had the same problem with the mattress and the pillows? COME ON!!!! Clearly they needed to be replaced and we had pillows that were all 4 different sizes! WTHLong story short, Planet Hollywood made our stay uncomfortable. You suck.
4	When my friends and I decided to go to Vegas, Planet Hollywood wasn't the hotel I was thinking of staying. However, it was the cheapest deal on Allegiant Air so we went with it.I was confident that it was going to be a wonderful hotel because I spoke to a lot of people and everyone had nothing but good things to say about it.When we got there, I found it interesting how the loading and unloading zones were underground. It seemed every other hotel had theirs right in front of the hotel. Anyway, I was amazed with the simple but beautiful lobby. Well, the massive chandeliers that were by the escalators were beautiful. The lobby was pretty dark but that was not really a concern. Preston, the guy who checked us in, was very courteous and very helpful. I think he set my first impression of the hotel, which was a positive one. He also said somewhere along the lines of us being upgraded. Liked that too.When we got to our room, I was very excited. It did seem like we were upgraded, with the huge room, bathroom and the amazing view. There were a few things that annoyed us, such as the TV and the phone not working. That was quickly fixed though so it wasn't too much of a big deal. It's just annoying having to go downstairs to the front desk and ask them to fix things because we can't call to have the said things to be fixed. The pool area is nice and huge, but we didn't end up actually partying there. We just checked it out. I also like the fact that this hotel is attached to the Miracle Mile Mall, which was a huge convenience for us as we got our snacks, meals and booze from the mall. What I liked about the casino were the places to eat. Earl of Sandwich, in particular was my fave. There was a 24h Starbucks, a P.F. Changs (ew), Planet Dailies (too $$$$ imo) and some other fancy restaurant we didn't bother checking out. Oh and Gallery nightclub is there too. Not a very good club. Well, not my scene/crowd.What I didn't like about this casino was the lay out. Oh hot damn, I HATE the bloody lay out of the casino. Every single time, and I mean EVERY single time we tried to get out of there or tried to go upstairs, we would be lost! It was literally like a maze. I was confused every single time. And it didn't help for those times when I was drunk (which was about 90% of the time). Imagine my pain. No, don't actually. You'll cringe.Other than that, it's a great place. Love love LOVE the fact that it's right in the middle of the strip. Wherever we went, cab rides were about $10 a pop so it wasn't too bad. It was also very close to our favorite clubs. I also love that Holly Madison's Striptease was showing here. I didn't see it because I didn't have enough time, but I will next time!Would I stay here again? Probably not. it's Vegas - I want to stay and experience the other hotels. Would I recommend this to people who plan on staying there? Absolutely. Just bring a compass or GPS or something for that wretched casino. I'd give this place a 3.5/5 but since Yelp doesn't do half stars, I'm bumping it up to 4/5.
4	This review is for the casino only. The PH casino is always good to me! The lowest minimum that I saw for blackjack was $15 and that was fine for me. The casino was always poppin', especially at night! Even people from hotels like that palazzo came to play at  the PH casino because it was so fun at night! The dealers fist pump you when you get a black jack and the pit boss breaks it down with the music! This casino caters primarily to the young crowd. I always have a great time gambling here. . I came up a couple hundred so for right now, I love you PH casino floor!I've never stayed at the hotel but I suggest staying at the PH towers instead which cost pretty much the same (sometimes less) but is an all suite hotel with beautiful rooms and only a few minutes walk further.
3	Fun times. The Clubs were super fun there were girls dancing on these nets hanging from the ceiling. Drinks were expensive... but we didn't pay a cover so I suppose it averages out.
1	Firstly, the good. Decent hotel with friendly and courteous staff. The rooms were average and ours was decorated in an "Escape from L.A." theme with artwork and props.And now the hilarious. As soon as we walked in we noticed a bright lipstick outline in bright red on the bright white duvet cover. Then what looked like a "booger" on the duvet as well. Then what looked like a sh*t stain on one of the pillows. Then we noticed the carpet was un-vacuumed with a woman's hair "scrunchy" on the carpet. And finally the toilet was broken. Well the maintenance guy fixed that quickly followed by the a housekeeper who took care of the rest.As we were there for a convention and we had to take down our displays in the mid-afternoon we "tried" to request a later check-out (check-out is 11am). We got the run around for about ten minutes involving multiple clerks and message machines. Finally our name was taken for a call back. But guess what........never happened. So I left quite annoyed.WOULD I GO BACK? Probably not but maybe it will be better the next time.
2	I can think of 1 word to describe this place...YOUNGThe clientele here is very young, so naturally the casino is crowded and loud, two things I dislike.  But if you're a youngin, this would be a good place for you.  If I was 21 again, I would love this place.  It's also one of the newer hotels on the strip.  So everything looks nice and new.Our hotel room was not good.  The tub was dirty.  There were lots of hairs in it.  We had to call housekeeping to clean it.  YUCK!  One of the lamps were broken and because the furniture in the room was black we could see all the dust.  It was like they didn't dust in weeks.  The tub though, is HUGE.  The biggest tub I've seen in a hotel room so far.  CRAZY HUGE!  There was a picture frame of an ugly looking vampire thing hanging on the wall.  That was pretty disturbing.  Most of the lights had this switch attached to it that was on the ground so that you could press it with your foot and the lamp would go on.  That was pretty different.  Other than all of that, the room actually looks very nice.Parking = HORRIBLEAfter we parked our car we had to walk through The Miracle Mile Shops to get to the casino/hotel room.  No one wants to walk that far.The only thing I can honestly say that I like about this hotel is Earl of Sandwich.  For those of you that have no idea what I'm talking about, think about Subway or Quiznos, but WAAAAAY BETTER!  Try it, you'll love it.Would I stay here again?  No  Would I come here to gamble again?  No  Will I come here again?  Yes...To eat my sandwich!  LOL!
4	I like this hotel...Has everything including EOS, huge mall, casino, Pink's, and is located right on the strip.What more can you ask for?
4	We got to Vegas around 1:30 in the afternoon and although on our reservation they said check in wasn't until 3 o'clock, they had a room available for us right away! Check in took all of 2 minutes, which was fantastic.We got to our room and it was clean, smelled really nice, and had an awesome shower.We got changed and headed down to the pool (they call it the "pleasure pool"). As soon as we got off of the elevator on the 6th floor we could feel the heat. Glad we were staying on the 12th floor and not the 6th! We got to the pool and they checked our bags (you cannot bring in outside food/drinks), and they supplied us with fresh towels. The pool area was nice, though it was mostly pool deck and not a lot of pool. There was a red bull DJ playing pretty loud music the whole time, so if you are looking for a quiet, relaxing pool time, this is not it! It is beautiful and fun though.The beds were comfortable and we fell fast asleep right away!The prices were reasonable and I'd definitely go back!
4	i was gambling in this hotel and the cocktail server came up to us fairly quickly to offer us drinks tho it took awhile for her to get back to us
4	LOVE staying at this hotel, for the following reasons:Price: This place is pretty affordable and a great bang for the buckAtmosphere: I may be a little biased, bc I love all things "Hollywood", but the hotel is absolutely GORGEOUS.  It's not bougee or formal but more of a mix between glam and hip and modernCrowd: Young and fun!Location: Probably the best location on the strip!--Close to the airport, across from City Center and Cosmo (LOVE)...pretty much, in the heart of all the actionShopping: The Miracle Mile shops are attached to the hotel, so it's the perfect place to go to without even having to step outsideFood: EARL OF SANDWICHES!!!!But....I had to take off 1 star for the bad lighting in the rooms. Bad lighting + a room full of girls = a challenge when it comes to getting ready!
4	We didn't stay here - but our good friends did, so we were able to partake of a poolside cabana, and the experience totally made us regret our choice of hotels. Planet Hollywood is young, sexy (hot girls dancing on tabletops throughout the casino) and generally a fun place to be. It also has a major convenience factor with the Miracle Mile shops on hand. The pool is even better.The Sunday we were poolside was a chill one. No outrageous craziness, just fun, fun, fun. Cabanas were comfortable and well-attended to. I liked the pool set up, too. I didn't like that there were unattended children hanging around, in the jacuzzi, etc. I prefer adult-only pools, personally. All in all, we had an amazing afternoon here, digging the Vegas sunshine and enjoying the best of company and meeting fun people. This is likely to be our hotel of choice next time around.
2	For the size of room we got makes the price very affordable.  Along with the affordable price tag comes a few down fall.Pillow case & towels in the room are dirty.Parking is extremely far and dark.The Spice buffet wasn't good, service sucks.Wouldn't stay there again.
4	There's plenty of things to do at Planet Hollywood. I think that if you are bringing children, then perhaps this Hotel/Casino is the way to go.The place is huge. Really. They have the Miracle Mile Shops and a rather large casino. Also, the food is pretty good. They have the Earl of Sandwich--which I hear is bomb. Casino wise, the cocktail waitresses are kinda mean. lol. I think they are expecting to be tipped first before they bring your drinks? I mean that's cool, and we were planning on tipping, but dang! We waited a while for our drinks--we walked out and left.But i like that they have a lot of shops here. Also, they have Lombardi's at the miracle mile shops! :)While I personally would never stay here because of the children (there was a lot of kids with their parents) i would definitely stroll around for the shops.
1	OK.. the lobby is gorgeous! And it stops there... so we asked for an upgrade (mind you on a WEEKDAY) and got a mini upgrade for $90 extra. Our friends (checked in minutes after us) asked for an upgrade, got sent to the penthouse for FREE!! So when we tried at LEAST getting our $90 back, the VERY RUDE guy at the front desk said too bad. UGH. Anyway.. our room was OK.. but there was no comforter on the bed!! The rooms are insanely cold and don't really have heaters. So even if you turn the AC off, you're going to freeze! Had to ask for 2 extra blankets, it was still freezing. THe photos on their website show comforters... false advertisement. The showers... don't get me started. The water is FREEZING for about 15 minutes. Then IF YOU'RE LUCKY, it starts getting warm. But remember, only if you're lucky. When the room next door showers, you hear it. So expect lots of water noise at 3 am -_-. It seems like an incredible idea at first (staying there) but if you don't want to deal with a headache, stay AWAY!! Friends stayed at the Encore, it was INCREDIBLE!!! GO THERE!!!
3	Pubes on the tile. Chip crumbs on the carpet. Sewer smells when you run water in the shower or sink. This place is gross. It's only saving grace is the casino. Plus, it's a good location to get to other cool places (It's in the middle of the strip, close to the Miracle Mile shops, and of course Earl of Sandwich=amazeballs). I'm going to go back to staying at the Bellagio-- it's full of snobby people, but at least they keep it classy.
1	Don't stay!!!! Pictures online are very deceiving. Rooms are old and dirty. If your booking a room to go with 10 people and trash it stay here. Pool is tiny and the staff is very rude. From arriving to valet to getting harassed in the mall for timeshare presentations, it is awful. Everyone is rude. Like they hate their job. The only cool thing was seeing holly taping a bit for extra in the lobby but she looked pissed too!! Also we saw the sin city comedy club at the v theatre. I felt soooo bad for the comedians. No one was laughing. I go to a lot of comedy shows and this was the worst. My 2 year old is funnier. The only other good thing is that they let us check out earlier and we went to the vdara hotel. Vdara is awesome. Every room was a suite. Brand new and awesome staff. Oh and I put a comment on plant hollywoods Facebook page and they deleted it. Ha!!!
1	By far the most disgusting hotel I have EVER stayed at in Las Vegas. 1. Valet staff was extremely rude, 75% of the time they would not let me valet, claimed it was "full" unless I was a diamond member. I am a PAYING guest of the hotel, valet is something I should be able to do whenever I please.2. Since I was very rudely turned away from Valet I had to self-park and walk though the entire miracle mile mall searching for the elevator to my room. This is ridiculous.3. The room was dirty. There was hair in the bathtub and the bed..yes you read that right THE BED. How disgusting is that?!? 4. The shower had hardly any water pressure and the shower head was caked with limescale. They obviously have neglected cleaning of the shower head for what looked like years.5. My room must have been near some kind of air vents or plumbing, there was a loud thunder sounding noise ALL NIGHT and ALL DAY every couple of minutes. The noise was so loud that the floor in the bathroom would actually vibrate. Sleep was something I got very little of due to the noise.Hard to have a relaxing vacation when I'm forced to self park and walk circles around the hotel to find my room then kept awake by loud continuous noise. Do yourself a favor, stay elsewhere. I bet even motel 6 would be better than this dump.
2	I was at Planet Hollywood 2 weeks ago and was excited to see that when I was going to 'check in' on Facebook I'd get to take advantage of the '2 for 1 drink' special at the Heart Bar.  So I checked in and went to the bar.I was disappointed first of all that the bartender needed me to walk to the front desk (or concierge?..can't remember exactly which one) in order to redeem the coupon...and then come all the way back.  However, I was more disappointed when I got there and the supervisor REFUSED to help me.  She apparently was closing out and leaving and told me to come back in the morning.Regardless, I asked her to please find a way...after a long drive I really just wanted to relax for a bit and take advantage of an offer that I was excited to use...this was to no avail.  Further I was VERY frustrated at the fact that the coupon explicitly says 'valid until 1:58am'...it was only 11pm.  I really did not appreciate the fact that I was treated this way ESPECIALLY by a supervisor.  Her demeanor was overall rude and annoyed despite the fact that I was calmly explaining to her my situation.    I've never had someone that is in charge of hotel operations huff and puff at me as I talk, it was really bizarre.  In terms of the room we had, it wasn't bad-for 100 bucks a night it was a good deal...we only stayed there 1 night though and headed to a suite at Aria.
4	My bf and I checked in around 430 pm. Line was long but the clerks moved pretty quick and they were also efficient and friendly. Got the panorama suite:-Great, big view of the strip from the 19th floor. -Def a party suite--huge tub that opens to the living room area, big screen tv, kitchen, iPod dock -Has a bar and 1 1/2 baths, another big screen tv in the bedroom.- My bf and I thought the bed and pillows were super comfy (best part of the whole suite i thought)- It was the middle of the week, so we didn't hear a lot of noises, so sleep was no problem.Although the suite was spacious and the bed and pillows were super comfortable, we both found the whole place poorly lit. I guess because the walls were painted a deep red? The good thing about that was during the day, we opened all the curtains and we had some light shining in. I'd probably consider staying here again if I had some friends coming in from out of town, but would probably spend a night elsewhere if I were with my bf.
4	Planet Hollywood is a very nice Hotel (not the best). The rooms all have a different movie theme and are modern as the Hotel is only a few years old. The Hotel has the Casio on the ground floor as well as a number of restaurants, a theater (for Peep Show) and a dance club and a large mall attached to the casino. Overall we enjoyed our stay, The biggest problem with the hotel is parking.. When we arrived for check in Valet parking was closed so we had to self park in the structure attached to the mall. We we check in we asked if they were going to reopen valet so we would not have to carry our bags across the mall to get them to our room, the check in staff said they did not know and the only thing we could do was park in the mall structure and walk through the mall with our bags. ( it is a long walk) We were at the hotel for a week and noticed people walking through the mall with luggage everyday. I check a few time and i think they had the Valet closed everyday. The pool area was nice and you have to show your room card to get in so it was not to crowed, and they have an adults only pool separate from normal pool the problem was that it closed very early everyday and the security at the door would not let me bring in a drink that i had purchased at the hotel and made me throw it out before she would let us go in. Overall i would stay at the Hotel again, but the parking is terrible.
4	I really enjoyed my experience at the Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino. We arrived late night during Halloween weekend, and upon check-in said they had a room for us with one king bed and it was smoking.  Considering we had four people and smoking room was not even an option, they were very fast in re-accomindaitng us to a suite on the top floor which they said was normally reserved for high rollers.  I figure they use these rooms as for comped stays and over bookings since you can't even find the room we stayed in on the hotel website.  It was on the second to highest floor and needed a key for elevator to take you to it.   The suite featured high ceilings, a bar, 1 bedroom with a pullout and a living room.  The bathroom also featured a tub, shower and TV.  I would guess the suite was about 1,000 sf.  What is also great is the location.  It's right in the middle of the strip.  Across from city center/Bellagio and in between MGM & Ballys/Harrah's.  You don't feel like you are at the end like Mandalay and Wynn.  The biggest plus for me is the casino.  It has a very hip vibe and isn't huge like most casino's in Vegas.  It doesn't take you 20 mins to get to your room from the front door.  All in all I would def stay here again.
3	I stayed here from august 8-12 for my 2 yr anniversary w/my boyfriend and mostly the 2 reasons why i chose this place was: 1) no resort fees, save me a extra 80/100bucks & 2) in the middle of strip/location was key for me.Parking was packed once i finally got to vegas around late 12ish, i had to park on the 4th floor. I'm not the one to complain about how far I parked but better lighting couldve helped. I think P.H. needs to work on how their hotel guests could find a easier and CLOSER way to the lobby. Seriously my bf and i had to walk all around the miracle mile shops with our luggagge and people staring at us. Idgaf about the staring  but thats kinda bad on the hotel b/c guests who pay good $$ to stay here have to drag their belongings to the lobby area. Probably a good 20 mins we got to the lobby, line was super long...i got to the front desk...first the employee said she couldnt "find" a room with 1 king size bed, theyre not ready , etc...she had offered a 2 twin bedroom next to the elevator and asked "if that was okay?"-___________- IS IT OKAY? heck no, i had asked her politely that when i booked the room in may that I had wrote on the guest's preferrance/special accomdations box that i would like 1 king size room, non smoking, & on a floor higher than the 10th floor (bc i wanted a view and not stick to the smoking designated floors below.) she said okay then it was totally dead silent for 15mins looking at her computer then she finally looked up from the screen & told me she was looking for another room....and 5mins passed..she magically found a room on 22nd floor w/ 1 king sized bed. i took that, room keys were set and apologized also for everything..which i def am glad she did apologize..just a lil dissapointed as well b/c i had mentioned that when i called a day earlier and asked if i could pay in cash for the room..some employee said yes you can..but when i got there i couldnt and it had to be on a credit card...which i didnt mind either way but cmon they need to educate their front desk on communicating with each other.my bf and i got to our room, it was nice spacious room..bathroom was surprisingly huge, comfty bed, and a great view! we got a view of the bellagio watershow, our pool, cosmopolitan...it was a nice thing to see for paying for a hollywood hip room.  my only concerns about the room was that the ice bucket was real small, the sheer window blinds were halfway broken, the water pressure for the showerhead def needs a lot more improvement (other reviews have said the same as well) - i felt like you had to stand there for 10mins to even just get your hair half way wet, weird noises in the ac vents (scared me stimes in the middle of night-also another thing another reviewer had mentioned) and also they need to work on their tv's in the rooms - the remote was not functioning fast enough like you had to press it a couple of times to get to one channel and the power button the actual tv just did not want to turn the first few times...also i usually carry a couple $100 bills with me when i go to vegas and i usually leave some in the safe at any hotel i stay in vegas..and their's was broken! so i had to hide my money some place else...but cmon now...p.h. get it together! overall though, the room was actually clean, i had a good nights sleep every nite i was there, great view from where i was at, location was perfect b/c it was in the middle of the strip/plus the shops were downstairs. i probably wouldnt stay here again unless i had to...i would prob stay at monte carlo or treasure island again just b/c i did enjoy their accomdations better plus they offer special deals and coupons. P.H. didnt have anything going on! they didnt have at least a free drink or 10 bucks off of your buffet even if you were a guest! every hotel ive stayed at here in vegas has always given me coupons for being their guest and p.h. = nothing.
4	I enjoy my stays at PH every time i come to visit Las Vegas. Its affordable and everything is convenience Such as Earls sandwich which opens 24 hours and the miracle mile mall which also has a fat Tuesday as well.If you want good hotel deals. Visit my friend that djs and works in vegas at www.efxvip.comsmartervegas.com for deals too.
3	I liked this place better when it first opened. Ok, I liked it best during the renovations when it was 1/2 modern and shiney and 1/2 old Aladdin. But it is a quite nice casino and the rooms are decent. There aren't many great restaurants, though, and the music venue is pretty awful.
4	I really enjoyed my stay here. We had an upgrade to the 19th floor with a great view of the pool and Ballagio fountains. The bathroom was super roomy with a sit-down shower and jacuzzi bath. Great designing and fast elevators. The casino was confusing to get out of but customer service was great.
4	I didn't stay at their hotel so this review is for the casino. As far as casinos go, Planet Hollywoods one is okay. It's clean looking and dealers are fairly friendly. Not sure if this is a plus or a minus, but out of all the casinos I visited, this was the only casino where all the dealers were dressed slutty, in bustiers and thigh highs. Other casinos has some dealers dressed in that way but not all. That didn't really give off a good impression upon me. I lose money at this casino...but my first win in vegas was here..too bad it wasn't a great win haha. I love how Earl's Sandwiches was 24/7 and they also had Miracle Miles shops connected so it's super convenient.
4	Nice hotel. I like that each room is themed with a major hollywood movie. I think the one we were in was Ghostbusters theme. But all in all, pretty much a regular hotel room. The lighting however was kinda dark. and our lamp was missing a bulb? haha. I wish they had one more lamp and a vanity area so not everyone had to cram into the bathroom to get ready. But the night thing about staying here is that whatever you need, you can get within walking distance. There's food, shopping at the miracle mile mall downstairs and a convenience store with all your snacking and alcohol needs. Not a bad hotel. The suites look pretty sweet. Just need to get enough people to go so we can afford them! And it's situated in a good area of the strip. Major clubs like XS or Tao aren't walking distance, but a short cab ride away.
4	Overall, I really enjoyed my stay here. Planet Hollywood has a young, hip vibe and is probably one of the most fun places to stay in Vegas. The location is ideal too because you're right in the middle of the strip. The rooms were nice and comfortable with pretty big bathrooms. My only complaint is that the pillows were not very comfortable. Each room is themed to a specific movie and features props and memorabilia. We had an awesome time at the pool, which was yet again young, hip, and filled with good looking people. I'd recommend staying here if you're between the ages of 21-35. It's definitely a party hotel.
2	Stayed here for first time!! fun casino, ok room. (ROOM 1974) North tower. TOO DARK and TV located NOT in front of bed, which sucked. GREAT view of Eiffel Tower. Comfy bed, and very quiet too. The maid who cleaned up on August 15 (the day we checked in) did an awful job!!! Found an open condom wrapper behind the trash can, and under the beds had a bunch of trash!!!Toilet pressure way too low, 2 flushes MINIMUM to rid of what you did. LOLShower pressure too low, if you have long hair, good luck getting shampoo out. NO coffee maker, NO mini fridge.Vending machine does not give out change on this floor 19th, north tower.Looking for the valet parking is a nightmare!!!Pool, well, lets just say, weird. First off, you have to walk through a dak 6th floor hall to get to the pool area. Then you walk out, and, wait, where is the pool??? After walking through a sea of chairs, the pool is up to the left. Really bad design. The "adult pool" was on the other side, but it was closed. There is a pool wayyyy over at the "Westgate" area, and I would recommend this over the 6th floor pool. You cold rent misting chairs, but I did not find out how much. The bar staff was really nice over at this pool.Casino was fun, good music, Planet Dailies, Pinks, and that sandwich shop were good. The buffet was OK, had better. TIPS: BRING an ice chest! BRING a coffee maker. There is a Starbucks, but wants to wait in line for 20 minutes in the morning when you are hungover If you want to watch TV in bed, ask for a room where you can see the TV. Slip the checkin person $20 for a free upgrade. Machines were TIGHT this trip.
1	This is more a review of the casino than the hotel. I have never received such horrible service from any casino. I sat down at a table and gave the dealer my TR card, i am a platinum member, along with my hundred dollar buy in. Nobody ever came to check me in! It wasn't until I was done playing that I had to stop one of the pit bosses and ask to be checked in. He looked at my card, gave it back to me, and said "yeah we will get ya" and walked off! The dealer was so bad at dealing I think she should have stayed a stripper! I was pretty tipsy, but I had to tell her every time I won! Not some of the times, EVERY TIME!! She would pick up my chips and I would have to say, wait! I won that hand. So I guess you not only lose money gambling but you also have to work for them training their dealers. I have had dealers make mistakes, but she was taking it to a whole new level. The worst part about it is that she started being rude to me! Rolling her eyes when I would call her out, and at one point she started making fun of me because I was losing! I then walked over to one of the head pit bosses to express my frustration. She said "what do you want me to do about it" and started laughing at me along with a few guys at a near by table. I was furious by this time, and went down to the front desk to speak to the hotel manager. I left two messages, and maybe she is still assisting other guests because I have yet to talk to anyone. If I wanted to be ridiculed I could find cheaper ways of doing it, this place is the worst!
3	Planet Hollywood is a good stay for those never traveling to Southern California, its got the Hollywood scene and themed accordingly. Not a fan of the casino, limits are high with no one playing SERIOUSLY? Each room is themed as a movie which is really cool. Probably will never go back as the rooms are over priced for whats actually in the room. The Peep Show is a must see though if your interested in that show!
4	Bachelorette party up in PH! Each room is decorated with a different movie theme. Since we had to change rooms so many times due to front desk issues (and one of the rooms smelled like vomit), I got to see several layouts. Beds are comfy. The bathrooms were spacious and each of them had a shower and tub. Oh and it was kind of a pain to have to change elevators to get to different floors. The main pool near the shops is decent. Go early if you want a cabana. The other pool is meh. If I get a good deal again I wouldn't mind staying here in the future. I remember when it used to be aladdin. Still has the genie lamp sink handles and door knobs...
2	The room was booked through a friend with a platinum TR member card for a small girls trip. Was expecting a clean functional room with a friendly staff. MAN, SHITTY !!CONS:- Creepy Beetle Juice themed room- UN Requested room change to Handicapped Accessible-  The shower head was BARELY 5'4 feet high, REALLY?! - No coffee maker in 'standard' rooms- No MP3 jack/connector- Rude staff answering phones (scoffed at me when I had questions PH sure knows how to show they appreciate valued guests) - Sanitation of room was mediocre- Pool layout is awkward (cannot supervise your stuff)- Cocktails at the pool bar more expensive than most clubs in LVPROS:- Location- Convince to Miracle Mile Mall- Bartender squirting me down with water = drink discounts- Bed to sleep on
4	i love this hotel ! The rooms are very clean house keeping is great . The location for this hotel could not be better plus you have the miracle mile shops where you can go catch a bit or go shopping. I love eating at the Planet Dailies restaurant they have great food and great service, i love the wine selection its not to expensive . Hotel rooms are great, the beds are so comfortable flat screens and the tub is great to take a warm bubble bath. The only thing that really sucks is the fact that they charge to use the damn gym ! I understand if people want to use the spa great charge them but the gym no bueno lol. Overall i would stay at this hotel in a heartbeat its always clean and the vibe at the casino is always positive and up beat
2	Great location overshadowed by out-of-the-way poor customer service.Stayed for three nights sat-tues. consWhen we arrived (before 5 on sat) the valet was full and we had to go find a spot in the mall parking lot. When I asked the manager at the front desk why they didn't reserve valet spots for guests he said if the self park was good enough for him it was good enough for me. We tried to order room service one morning and waited on hold for easily five minutes before we just gave up and went downstairs. We tried to book a massage at the spa and again couldn't even get someone to answer the phone. Ended up getting massages at Paris next door, which turns out to be run by the same company. Pool is very poorly designed. Two pools are elevated ten feet off the ground with a football field of concrete between them. 90% of the seating is in this area where you cannot even see the water. ProsRoom was large and clean with a huge bathroom. Good view of the strip however the window was so filthy on the outside it detracted a bit. Great music at the pool and the water was chilled to the perfect temp for august in vegas. Access to the mall is nice and you can stroll around a bit without the heat of outside.location of hotel is perfect.
5	What can I say Planet Hollywood is located in the middle of the strip. I had good customer service at the front desk while checking in. I don't know why the reviews are bad on here about that. I think people need to give people who are working in the front desk a break. I mean come on now they deal with tons of people every single day. So try to be more understandable before writing a review first. When I got there it was smoothing sailing. The rooms ere dope looking. I got the Hollywood Hip Room. The rooms are clean. Every single day the maid service serviced my room with fresh bed sheets and towels. I will come back to this place.
3	stayed here recently for a few nights and it was okay. the location is great because it's right in the middle of the strip and close to everything. Miracle Mile shops are also a plus as there are plenty of reasonably priced shops to keep me occupied while hubby gambles. Pros: Starbucks located in the lobby (but be warned, that they are slooow there, it takes a while to get your drink, not to mention more expensive than the usual Starbucks). Planet Daillies is a good a place for food that is diner-like.Cons: we stayed in the Judge Dredd room which was just odd (not a fan of the movie). the lighting was bad - felt dark even during the daytime. no mini-fridge or coffeemaker in the room. bathroom was okay, liked that the toilet was in a separate room, but the shower stall felt really small. Also, the drain in our sink was broken, so you had to prop it up just so it would drain :-p Pool is located on the 6th floor and has quite a weird layout, lots of chairs, but small pool. Overall, okay experience, but don't think we would choose to stay here again.
4	Second time staying at PH. It's a nice Hotel right in the middle of the strip. There's a Mall attached to the casino so you can find basically everything nearby! Earl's Sandwich and Pink's are located downstairs! There's a nice pool here, the rooms are nice! The rooms are movie themed. The first time we got Back to the Future, this time around we Romeo and Juliet. Bathroom's nice and big. The staff were nice, never had any problems while we were here. We checked in early and got our room early too! Spice Market Buffet is here. It is a short walk to the Bellagio if you wanted to watch the fountain show. Actually if you stand right out in front you can the show without having to cross the street. It's a nice hotel and I would def keep staying here!
5	One of the best experiences in vegas I've ever had. We had just had a bad experience at another hotel and were greeted with profesional and polite guest service representatives. This hotel has a great atmosphere and is very classy for a great price. We were upgraded to a suite with a great view of the strip and the bellagio fountains. the suite had a back to the future theme with props used from the film. great hotel and great service
1	I didn't stay here so I can't comment on the accommodations but the casino is horrible.  Too.  F*cking.  Loud.  Hot, noisy, irritating.  They are trying WAY too hard and the result is no rock 'n' roll fun.
3	As I understand it, a relatively inexpensive option on the strip, relatively speaking. We had two nights at PH without any major complaints. They held our luggage while we galavanted around during the morning (before we were able to check in). Checked out the pool(s) on the first day. Note that you can't take any containers (empty or not) into the pool area. Also, I think you're supposed to reserve the sofa bed/umbrella things, but it was so hot that the area wasn't in high demand and we just snagged one.Then, the next day, I tested out the blackout shades until about 2pm (they work well!) Beds were comfortable too, and everything was pretty much standard hotel. I will say, however, that the restrooms are the weak link. Glass shower doors aren't really conducive to sharing a room with a friend and expecting simultaneous bathroom access. Plus, I could hear... stuff... from the other bathrooms and it occasionally smelled slightly of cigarette smoke in the restroom also. I probably wouldn't choose to stay here again, since there are so many other options, but if it was a good deal I wouldn't be opposed to it either.
3	Pros:Great location. Good food.Convenient shopping.Cons:Mediocre pool.Mediocre rooms.Dirty bathrooms.The price was pretty good considering that we were here during a holiday weekend. That's all I have to say. I will not be staying here again.
3	Nice bathroom, comfy beds, and a convenient location were a few of the positive aspects of the PH.  We paid 60 bucks a night and were very pleased with the price.  Didn't get to check out the pool as we were here in the wintertime.  I didn't care for the miracle mile eateries, or at least, not the ones in close proximity to the hotel/casino entrance. To sum up, nothing exceptional but just dandy for a few nights in Vegas.
4	We have had our trade show here for the past 3 years, Labor Day Weekend, and PH has done a great job overall in taking care of us. There have been some less than stellar moments starting off, but I think it has all come together nicely. All restaurants in the hotel are excellent, from the Earl of Sandwich and PF Changs up to Koi and the Strip House, Thanks PH!
5	this hotel was awesome!!! rooms were very spacious and excellent view of the strip.  also in the rooms are themed with various actors/actresses photos from movies or memorabilia. the casino had huge variety of machines/tables.  they also have the pleasure pit which starts at 8pm everynight and goes on until 4am(?).  the in-house show there is peepshow featuring holly madison from girls next door fame.  the show was very entertaining and price wasn't too bad. i paid $76 for seating which was towards the back of the arena but it's a small one so you could still see the show well.  i also paid an additional $100 for the meet and greet with holly madison.  the meet and greet is limited to the first 30 customers to purchase it for each show.  the hotel is also connected to the miracle mile shops where they have excellent dining and a wide variety of shops.  a good place to eat is the earl of sandwich...sandwiches are delish and prices are reasonable.  they also have a fat tuesdays so you can grab your favorite frozen alcoholic beverage in either 22oz or 100oz.  i would def stay at this hotel again!
3	We got comped rooms! Weekdays, but still!The first thing I do when when trying a new hotel is I walk into my room and see if anything about it stands out as unique, creative, and adds a little something extra to my stay. These rooms were the basic, so not huge, no sofa, or whirlpool, but it did have some cool movie memorabilia theme to it. Our room had a display frame on the wall which held the large prop gun used on the set of Cutthroat Island (1995). The end table had a glass top and some red pants in it. haha Guessing also from the movie or that's just weird.There's an extra mirror outside the bathroom, but the lighting in the hallway was too dark to apply any make up there if you're with a group of girls. The gaming area of the casino doesn't hold very many tables to play. And I really don't want to play and have to be sitting that close to some chicks ass in my face half-assed dancing on a nearby table top. Put her somewhere else...like near the bar...off in the corner...I don't care but let me win my money and focus. Jesus. Parking: They make you walk a pretty far distance through the Miracle shops to get to the parking structure. Always decent spots found in there. You access it through the back of the hotel on Audrie Lane. Kind nice being able to avoid going down the strip traffic.
4	Review is for Pool and Casino:Pleasure Pool:We stayed at PH Towers but came through to play the slots and went to the pool. We got a cabana at the pool Friday...it was cool. Waitress was bitchy in the beginning as if she didn't want to serve us. We were nice and everything, she just came up with a stanky attitude...guess she thought because she was getting a tip regardless, she didn't have to be nice. Whatever bitch. Anyway, the pool was a little dead because we got there at 10:30ish. Some other ppl were there, some dude was rude to me because I didn't want him but whatever lol.The pool started playing music, I think they had a DJ by the pool around 12ish. Cool spot and not too expensive for a cabana (it was 3 of us). We ordered food, it was avg...nothing to write home about. Overall, cool experience..it was 110 that day so we stayed until 1:30/2pm and then went inside to gamble, which brings me to....Casino: Definitely for the young folk! lol! I'm young so it was great for me. There wasn't any drunk young people running around like others mentioned...Idk where yall was but definitely didn't see that. Cocktail waitresses were nice and attentive. Definitely a young crowd; 21-30 y/o...I won a little money but not before spending it all first lol. Had a good time.
4	Here's to my second time in Vegas and my first time at PH. I must say this place is great, definitely almost number one if it wasn't for the new neighbor Cosmopolitan to steal their shine. Sure there's plenty of other beautiful hotels to stay at but PH is soooo convenient. The mall is just a few steps away from the Casino as well as PF Changs and Yolos. The pool is maybe not the best looking one on the strip but it is so much fun. To top it off its not even on the haunted list unlike most hotels nearby.  I can not wait to be back in two weeks however this time I'll be at the PH westgate's presidential suite. Yay for me!
4	Pretty nice hotel known for their Miracle Mile shops :) Didn't stay at the hotel but did check out their shops.
2	Planet Hollywood, LV NVWhere do I start?  The decor in the room is unremarkable.  The window was small with the coverings attached to the ceiling you feel like you are in a cave.  If you are average height you need to stoop to see out.They seem to be pinching pennies on everything.  For example, no trash can in the commode area, just the main bath and a dinky can in the sleeping area.  Go to the Gym to flush out the poisons and it will cost you and your mate $50.00 each day.  Internet access is around $14.00 per day. Local phone calls are over $20.00 for the 1st Minute!
5	Vegas for the 3rd time this year? It still hasn't gotten old for me yet.. :)And every time I come to Sin City, I love staying at Planet Hollywood. Not only is the location perfectly in the center of all of the main attractions but the decor and comfort is also superb! There's a movie memorabilia in every room to suit every theme. When it comes to the casino and gambling, I love to play at the PH casino. For some reason, I feel like it's easier to win here than at any other hotel on the strip. Some suggestions for those of you who want to test your hand at gambling are Crazy 4 Poker and Roulette. All in all, I've stayed at PH for about 4 trips so far and I will be sure to stay here again when I go next month! :)
4	Had a great stay here with my girl. Cute rooms, and the housekeeping was great. The only thing that was a bit dull was the pool, looked kind of like a bore.
5	We love Vegas and the location of this hotel is perfect!! Its near everything we enjoy doing and is a great place when we go to Vegas to party and hang with friends! Not my favorite for a romantic get away but definitely a fun place to go, always something going on!
1	Our son moved to Vegas in March so my husband and I are there at least once a month.  We stayed at PH for the first time this weekend and it will be the last!  We arrived Friday afternoon to a half empty cocktail glass and trash next to our door and it remained there until Saturday night, despite having seen housekeeping on our floor.  I use housekeeping very loosely because our room didn't look as if it had been adequately cleaned in a long time.  Our room window was smaller than our kitchen table which added to the overall seedy feeling of the place.  It lacked things you'll normally find at any hotel like a coffee maker and small fridge.  Oh and the TV and 2 lights weren't working either.  Back to the Four Seasons!
4	One of the best hotels for party-goers ages 21-30! This is probably THE hang out hotel for this age range during the day/early evening before everyone heads to the poppin' clubs. There's a mall "Miracle Mile" full of shops geared for young folks and restaurants. My personal favorite (and I'm sure plenty of others can vouch for me) is EARL'S sandwiches.Favorites about PH hotel and casino:-- Earl's Sandwiches!-- Each room has a different movie theme.-- Miracle Mile shops-- Heart bar-- BUFFET! (it's no Wynn buffet, but still pretty good)-- Betting and watching games at the sports bar.SINGLE CON:-- It can be somewhat difficult to navigate. It takes a few visit to figure out how to get around the damn place lol.
4	First time staying at the PH and wow it's confusing.  the rooms are pretty small, but it's nice and clean. love the bathroom though! it's HUGE! the whole setting of the hotel in general, is very confusing.  it took me FOREVER to find the elevators for my room. it's like a freaking maze up in that place! but i do love that it's connected to the mile shop and there are a lot of things to do around the hotel and what not.  i would stay here again, but only if the price is right.  luckily the rooms were free when i stayed here, thanks to my friend.
4	(3.5)A Frickin MAZE!!!I like to start with the positives. There's Earl of Sandwich. Prices are reasonable (i booked mine from hotel.com)They have tubs instead of just showers. I originally booked a Hollywood Hip room, which was the basic. However, when checking in, they showed me that i would be facing the back lot. (ofcourse right?)  I was offered a $20/per room./per night upgrade so i could see the strip and they also found me adjoining rooms, which was good since i was with relatives in two rooms. It was so much more convenient than being separated and plus they got to see the strip. MAJOR COMPLAINT= the self parking is hella far from hotel entrance!My poor grandma and mom had to walk the entire miracle mile as we did not know it would be that far! The rest of the trip, dude and i pretty much was going back and forth to pick them up at the lobby. Took about 12 minutes each way. They have free valet, but we never like to valet in general... bad stories. Rooms are not created equally! (in the same category). We had adjacent rooms on the 16th floor and there was a few differences we noticed. The room i was NOT sleeping in had noticeably softer beds (must be the beds some yelpers were saying were sooooo comfortable- we didn't get those). My room had the very low water pressure that some guests noted, while the other room had perfectly good water pressure... Minor complaints. There's a pretty sizable opening on the doors leading to the restroom, which do not lock or close all the way. Peek a boo... thankfully not peek a poo, as you have ur private door for the toilet.
3	A much younger crowd, my friend loved it but I thought it was just ok. Unfortunately before her trip my friend had her purse stolen and had to get a temporary ID (on paper with her photo) to show along with an old ID she had that was expired and she had already got her replacement credit card and debit card. We went to play a game on the money wheel which my friend simply observed. The young woman who was overseeing the game ID'd all three of us - including my friend who was simply standing behind us. You would have thought we were counting cards or something as all of these phone calls had to be made and this gentleman walked over and gave my license the third degree (even though I had already showed it to the original woman). It was just such a pain and a bit overkill I thought. On a positive note they had great live music and seemed to be fairly busy on a weekday. They had a buffet too which we tried- I thought it was horrible honestly but that's another review...
5	Best deal in the heart of the strip.My last 5 trips to Vegas have been here and I think that streaks going to continue for a while.  Great location across the street from the cosmo, affordable tables with hot dealers, good eats (earls, pinks, planet dailies), a starbucks, and miracle mile mall.  Rooms aren't super luxurious but they have consistently good rates, clean, and modern (circa early 2000's).  The PH pool is not as nice as the westgate towers pool so if you can get in that go there.  PH is my home when in vegas.
2	The OLD Planet Hollywood (as in formerly known as Aladdin) is just that - OLD.  I wouldn't stay here again.  Note: this is different from the newer PH Westgate Towers, which is actually nice.
3	It's a nice hotel-casino and a nice atmosphere inside with the miracle mile shops. We attended the holly Madison show here. Parking like any other hotel in Vegas is aplenty but hard to find closer to the elevators.It appears to be oriented towards a younger crowd.
4	Great hotel with a great selection of food and shopping. I liked it better when it was the Aladdin but there's really nothing I can do about that.
4	Oh how I miss Vegas..This Hotel was awesome One of my top favorite Vegas hotels for sure.This place has a mall inside of it ! which was awesome to walk around and kill time from the 106 degree heat (In June). They also have a Rock bar where some of the UFC after parties are held.The casino is really nice, I was able to get about 4 or so drinks from playing slots here which was more than I could get anywhere else. Lot's of Starbucks of course, Big hotel. I recommend to hit this Hotel up if you are on the Strip.
4	A hotel attached to a casino and a mall... dangerous... but so fun.
4	Fun place, Great time, PARTY PARTY, (Party big  Play big Win Big)
4	I enjoyed my stay @ PH this past week.PROSGREAT location on the strip.GREAT casino.Very clean, modern, nice sized rooms, comfy bed.MILE-long shopping!Fun themed hotel rooms (I got Empire Records).I had a nice view of the Bellagio fountain show from my room.Great service.THE BEST music, both poolside and in the casino on the strip (in my opinion) if you want to feel like you're in a club but gamble or be pool-side instead.CONS (these are minor cons, the pros far outweigh the cons).bad water pressure in shower.no fridge.I didn't like the pool setup-- there are only about 20 chairs poolside and the rest aren't even within view of the pool. They should add a pool in the center, this set-up just doesn't make sense to me. Also the young kid working the snack bar was too busy hiding in the corner talking on his phone to wait on my friend & I.All in all, I think that Planet Hollywood is a great place to stay, especially for a younger crowd. The casino is very, very cool (very eye-catching!) and very big. It's always hoppin'. The mile long shops are awesome, and the rooms were great for the price. I would love to stay here again in the future, and I would be curious to see some of the other themed rooms!!
4	I stayed here once and I got to admit ITS GREAT.+Room rates were really cheap ($43 and no resort fee)+Rooms were very clean+Nice bathroom even though the door to the bathroom doesnt lock (WTF)+Tub was big and separate from the shower.+The Hollywood memorabilia in each room is cool and also kinda creepy. (first time I walked in thought there was someone standing over my bed lol)+Earl of Sandwich is amazing+Younger, hipper crowd with their pleasure pit.+nice location on the stripEverything has been great so far
4	Wife and I stayed here last week for a few days. It's a good hotel, plain and simple. Check-in was quick, and the employee who did the checking in was very pleasant. $20 tip trick worked ( google it ).Now, here's a tip... Remember your walk from the check-in to the elevators. Because, that will be the last time you don't get lost in this hotel. More about that later.I had requested a mini fridge for my beer, oops, medication. It was promptly brought up 5 minutes after we got into the room.The hallway smelled overwhelmingly like smoke. I mean, I'm a smoker, and it bothered me. But, being in Vegas, you get used to it. ( The room smelled fine btw)Had a good view of the strip.It wasn't noisy like some other reviewers have said ( but then again I was 27 floors up. The only noise I heard was, well.... never you mind what that noise was)Room was plenty big, and a cool bathroom with a big tub, which I would have like to have some extra carricular activities in, until I saw the poster of Morgan Freeman right above it. I swear he was staring at me. So much for sex in the bath tub.Casino was like any other casino, except at night, they had gorgeous women wearing next to nothing dealing, and dancing around the tables.Nother tip... Eyes forward unless you want to walk in face first into slot machines all night. The sexy girls will be dealing and dancing all week, no need to stare.Now, lemme say this. I hate puzzles. I hate mazes, and I hate Sudoku. This hotel is combines all 3, in that it's impossible to find anything you're looking for, unless it's by accident. I think it's round, which doesn't help getting around.I wanted to try earl of sandwich my first night, and I'll be dammed if I could find the joint. Finally, after asking every 10 feet, we bumped into it ( but it was worth it. Those sandwiches are awesome).The location of the hotel is perfect. It's right in the middle of all the hub bub.Never had a problem with anyone who worked in, or for the casino or hotel. Everyone holds doors, smiles, and nods.The only 2 problems I had was the fact the my sink didn't drain properly, and the hot water wasn't so hot. I know some clowns on Yelp would take off 4 stars for that, but Christ, it's vegas. Get over yourself.
3	stayed there one night, friday 10/21/2011. The walk/maze from the parking lot should be an option, but it's not. check-in is like a game, can you find it? they could easily set up a checkin when you first enter from the parking lot, please consider this. rooms are okay, themes are weird. little toy cars from independence day and a skirt in a glass box, really? The best thing they have going is the location on the strip, centrally located, can walk everywhere.Our room was right off the elevator, so all night we heard the ding-ding when someone pushed the button for the elevator and it arrived. they werent that crowded! took a chance on cabo wabo and it was great. We gamble at casino royale, wheel of fortune quarter slots are usually pretty loose and drinks are cheap.
4	Recently stayed here and was impressed by the size of the room. We got a large room with two queen beds, and an huge bathroom.  The bathroom was huge enough to fit all of us girls at once without having to bump elbows. Supposedly we got a handicap room.  Now that I think about it, and considering the company, that may have been just the case. LOL.Room looked clean, and well put together. Interior was great. We even had a huge air mattress that converted into a couch. Two chairs, assembled into an ample size "bed". Loved the large variety of stores, even rivaled the shops at ceasar's palace. For those of you who are fans, earl of sandwich is here. So is the sugar factory. What I appreciated even more is that there was much less foot traffic heading towards the room elevators. Typically the hotel room elevators are right in the casino. Much more secluded here.
5	This place is so fun! Ive been here to play before, but it was my first time staying this past week. We had a pet room, so they gave us dog bowls and treats! The lines here to check in, get your car out of valet and get a taxi are much shorter than Im used to at the Rio! Our room was surprisingly big! My favorite part was the big bathroom. Next time Ill have to make use of the jacuzzi tub! The tables here were even good to me. I didnt come back winning money, but I was pretty even throughout my trip and if youre coming home from Vegas with anything in your wallet, its a good thing!The only things I didnt like about the place were water pressure in the shower and that when I checked in, they didnt have the 2 queen beds I requested. I had a great stay here, everyone from the front desk to the concierge, valet, housekeeping were all so nice and friendly - I am making this my new hotel. See you again in a few months PH!
1	Very poor service it took 6 hours for them to clean up my room. 3 calls and a conversation with the manager ended with him telling me just had to wait and then he insulted me. Will not stay here again
3	Spun a couple of reels here not much else. The inside didn't look very Hollywood like to me but it was nice looking. I They had a Pleasure Pit which was basically a couple of semi attractive gogo dancers to keep the players distracted and put the house at an even larger advantage. Nice touch. This was our entrance to the Miracle Mile Shopping area, also.
5	We reserved a non smoking KING room through bookit.com and at check in, we were told only smoking is available right now or we can get the non smoking later. We decided to check in anyway and I used the $20 trick (google $20 trick if you don't know what that is). Suddenly, there's a NON SMOKING Queen room available. I also asked nicely if we could get the Bellagio fountain view room. She said yes we would get the fountain view room. We went up to the 27th floor and we got the Sammy Davis Jr's room with full frontal view of Bellagio fountain, Caesars Palace, and The Cosmopolitan.We were so happy with our room. The tub was nice and the separate shower was a nice touch. I love their bath products including the massage soap bar. The only downside is there's no refrigerator, so use the ice bucket for your bottled drinks.The casino is fun. I didn't win anything there, but the Deal or No Deal machine is my new best friend now. I also love the Miracle Mile shops and pretty much you get everything you need at one hotel.I will stay here again. Thank you PH for an amazing experience. :)
4	I really enjoy staying here when I come to visit!  the prices are reasonable and the location on the strip is great!  the rooms are nice and clean and if you are lucky (or decide to upgrade and sometimes the $20 trick does work) you can get a great view of the Bellagio water show!  I really like the fact that it is in the middle of the strip!  just makes it convenient and it doesn't kill my feet as much!  one day I can explore one half of the strip and the next day the other side!  I also like being attached to the miracle mile shops!  it's nice to have options.  if you are hungry and it's late then Earl's is super yummy!  I trust coffee and tea from a more reputable location such as the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf rather then the unknown cafe downstairs.  If I need basics like water or chips I can go to the ABC store cuz there is no shame to saving a few pennies when you will be spending $10-$15 on a shot!  Lastly, if I just get bored (as I don't gamble or go really crazy in the party scene) I can go shop!my reason for taking one star away is because of their pool situation.  They have two regular, nothing special pools on two separate ends.  there are maybe 10 chairs next to the pool that are free and the rest  of the seating are cabanas and couches for a fee.  the rest of the seating are a few steps down and away from the pool!  annoying!  I can't even see my stuff from the pool!  I would have had no problems renting a cabana, however they were tiny little tents (maybe 10x10..maybe a bit smaller) and they barely fit more than 3 people (we had a party of 8) with a tiny little fridge.  And all it costs for such luxury was anywhere between $325-500 depending on the season.  no thanks.  I'm not cheap by any means but if you saw these cabanas I think you would agree! Lastly, just because it's 90 degrees outside does not mean that you make the pool's temperature below freezing! Slight exaggeration, I know, but I could barely get waste deep cuz it was sooo cold!  there was no way in hell i was going to dunk my head in that water!  I'm lucky and surprised I didn't catch a cold!  Overall, great place to stay, but if your planning any pool time at all I would probably look elsewhere!
4	The girlfriend and I were in Vegas for a few days of adult recreation.  Planet Hollywood served as our base camp.  We had requested a non-smoking room with a king bed; however, they only had a room with two twins ready upon our arrival.  We elected to wait until one was available.  Since we had to wait, the desk clerk took the time and effort to put us in a better room (#1130) than just a standard one.  Granted, it wasn't a suite, but based on the photos and movie memorabilia on the wall, we called it "The Kazaam Suite" a fitting homage to Shaquille O'Neill's cinematic "masterpiece".  Okay, seriously, the room was really much better than the movie.  Our room was clean and comfortable.  Furnishings were modern looking, but the chairs were not the most comfortable.  The bed was better than average, much better than ones found at Paris, but far inferior to the ones to had at the Cosmopolitan, the Palms or the Hard Rock.  The windows had effective "blackout" curtains.  The bathroom was equipped with his/her sinks as well as a separate shower and tub.  The towels were decent.  Maid service was good.  AT&T 3G coverage was spotty and slow in our particular room.   However, customer service by the front desk was PH's best quality (well, that and perhaps the attractive dealers and go-go dancers in the Party Pit).  We requested a late check out to better match our departure flight time and they granted it without question or additional charge.  Planet Hollywood may not be at the very top of my list of places to stay in Vegas, but it offers great all-around value.
4	I only went to the Casino part... even though I didn't win any $, I still had a lot of fun. The decor is cute and the lights on the top change colors. Bathrooms were really nice and clean :)It's also conveniently located kind of in the middle of the strip so if you do stay here, you can walk to either side :)
5	the check was quick and easy... gave the guy at the counter my i.d. credit card and a $20 bill for an upgrade. The trick worked great i ended up getting a room about 200 sq ft bigger and a nice view of the strip. When u are in vegas u gotta try the $20 sandwich trick, i will be back in dec and will do it again... The casino is good and u cant beat the location....
2	Booked two rooms and requested that they be adjoining rooms due to having a child and wanting that child to be next door.  Not a tough request, or so I thought, but upon arrival at 4pm, 1 room was ready, the other wasn't and was told to check back in an hour.  Weird we thought since check-in was at 3pm, but not a big deal because we had to get dinner anyways.  Got dinner and an hour later checked back in and surprise!  room was still not ready...so we went up to the room that was ready and waited a half hour and when we still didn't hear anyone working on the room next to us, we decided to then complain.  By then it was nearly 5 hours past check-in and we were furious.  Asked to speak with a supervisor and was told that it was our fault..yes..OUR FAULT for asking for adjoining rooms.  There are hundreds of adjoining rooms in the hotel and yet they saw it as a special request?  On top of that they made it seem like our fault?  This is Vegas people..where there are more outrageous requests than anyone can believe and they can't handle a simple request like that?!  Overall, if this hadn't happened, I would've probably given them 3 stars, because the casino was in good shape, the rooms were alright, bathroom was dated and felt a little grimy, but for $40/night, who can complain?  I would say that if you're looking for a more full Vegas experience, PH is not where you want to stay.  But if you're on a budget but want a great location off the strip, you could try this place..just don't ask for extra soap or anything out of the ordinary because they probably will "F" it up!
4	We got ourselves situated in the new Planet Hollywood Westgate Tower Suites. For the price it's pretty good. Pull out queen in the sofa's and a large king size bed. Easily you can situate 6-7 heads comfortably. Jacuzzi included with 3 televisions, kitchen, and a WASHING MACHINE? Word! The only downside is the AT&T service blows at this location. No reception what so ever until you go outside.
4	This place is the best place for groups of people for Vegas.  I was searching everywhere where I can get a 2 bedroom with a full kitchen and normal fridge with 3-4 comfortable beds without breaking the bank and PH TOWERs is the only place that has it.At check-in the lady was super friendly even though she's been working for the past 7 hours on a thanksgiving weekend.  She gave us suite 2702 and it's the end of the hall suite and it was FRIKKING HUGE!Room service was fast and amazing and the place is super chic. Did I mention the drop down projector screen and the a USB/ipod hook up for music!Will mos def come back here again!
4	Recently stayed here for a weekend during the end of the Thanksgiving holiday to meetup with some of my local Vegas friends. I've stayed at plenty of hotels in Vegas before and at one point lived in the city so I like to think I have an idea of what I'm talking about. That being said this was one of the best hotel experiences I've had in a while. Check in took about 3 or 4 minutes and there was no wait. Check out took about 30 seconds from the in room TV. The actual room was very large and the bed was comfortable. Bathroom was just as big as the room and super clean. Price was very reasonable and the room service was quick. But most of all it was extremely quiet in the room and in the adjacent hall. I was on the 25th floor in the South Tower and it was very peaceful late at night and in the AM. For the combination of value, location, and overall vibe  I plan on staying here again on my next trip.Just a note on the casino, the place is a good spot for 20s/30s crowd. Good vibe and lots of bars. Limits are also reasonable on a Saturday night. You can find a $25min BJ table no problem.The only con I could say was that valet was full when I showed up to check in, even for hotel guests. There was a big concert @ the hotel that night so it's understandable. Self park was a bit of a walk through the PH mall but if that's the only issue then I really can't complain.
1	Worst Vegas experience EVER. Paid $50 per night for an upgraded room which was terrible... filthy bathtub, not that I would ever bathe in a hotel bathtub but I would expect to be clean, not to be filled with other peoples hair.  The ceiling in the bathroom had so much water damage that the popcorn was peeling off.  The Bellagio fountain view would have been nice if our window wasn't 4x5 and caked with filth. Room service was bad, planet daily cafe was horrible.The walk from the self parking garage took you through the miracle mile shops and  was almost torture with suitcases and bags.  The casino was fun but difficult to navigate.
4	Love this hotel!! So we got there kind of late (around 5pm) and half our group was staying at the Aria across the street. I told the check-in guys that we didn't want to spend $300 a night which is why we are staying there. He told me not to worry - AND we got upgraded!! All 3 rooms got upgraded to Full 180 degrees Panoramic view suite!! It was amazing!! Our rooms were at least 4x the size of our friends rooms at Aria. And we paid less than 1/3 of the price. And we didn't have to pay a $20 a night resort fee. I'm officially a huge fan of Planet Hollywood. The Full Panoramic view suite was amazing!! The living room was huge.... it literary was a half circle wrapping around the building. The view was amazing too, check out my photos. TIP for Room Upgrade - Either go early, like right at 12:00 or late like 5 - 6 pm. If they are full (or beyond 98% full) they know they will have to upgrade a portion of the rooms anyways, so if you go early they might give you the upgrade. But if they are really not full, go at 6 pm when they think no one else is going to check in so they give you the suites. Out of all the times I gone to Vegas (well over 15 times), I think I only NOT gotten upgrade once. Good luck
5	Planet Hollywood, prime location, good prices, ok club if you can't get into the Marquee or XS. Would come back -- so many hot chicks stay here too! Getting the suite next time with a view next time! Because I can. Oh, and check in was super fast .Gotta love it.
4	Just for PH Westgate, not sure about the rest of the casino. Really nice suites (I think they are normally timeshares but when no one is there, PH rents it out)Gambling tables are not as expensive as Wynn ($25 min buy-in!!) and pretty cute mall attached to it. You get what you pay for, so don't expect this to be like the Bellagio but still a great place for a fun weekend!
4	I've stayed at the PH westgate in a suite and met up with a group who were celebrating a birthday in one of the larger suites.  amazing layout of both rooms.  our suite had a bathtub, master bedroom, and large couch that slept 4.  6 of us fit quite comforably in the room and it was only $150/night at the time (some deal going on).  downstairs is the infamous earl of sandwiches with delicious tomato soup and of a good selection of yummy sandwiches.  pool is decent, buffet just okay, and a nice shopping area connected near the hotel.  can't go wrong with this centrally located hotel.  took a pole dancing class at the "stripper bar" which was a ton of fun.  highly reccommended for birthday/bachelorette parties.
5	PH has always been one of my favorite casinos. Love the decor. I finally got to stay here. We  were staying in a cheaper hotel for most of our trip but we booked a regular room at the PH for just one night on their website. I love that the Harrah's brand has no resort fees. Check in was fast and efficient. While checking in I joked with the guy that he should upgrade us. To my surprise he did. We got a fantastic suite that made our trip. We loved the hotel and service that we  booked a regular room for at the PH for the last 2 days of our trip.
5	This review is for the Casino only.  What more can you ask for when gambling at a casino in Vegas?  .....Personable and attractive dealers, friendly pit bosses (didn't know there was such a think until PH), music, dancers, friendly crowd in the right age range (not too young, not too old), casino that doesn't wreak of smoke, central location, and reasonable table rates.  I find myself returning to this casino again and again.  When will other casinos get the memo to hire dealers with some personality....and at least try and pretend like they enjoy their job.
3	The suites are below standard I think but the access to the many shops are kind of nice.
4	I went here for my niece's bachelorette party last May. We got a suite with a beautiful view of the pool and the strip. I can't really say much about guest service because we didn't really use it except to ask for more towels, which we never got. With 9 women in one room, we had to have a lot of towels! But the folks at the front desk were very courteous and friendly. The pool area was huge with a dj nearby and servers around for drinks. The hotel itself is beautiful, very modern. Better than other hotels I've stayed in Vegas.
5	One of the better value hotels in the heart of the Strip. Got a great rate and the casino floor can get crazy buys with lower limits than most surrounding hotels and the pleasure pit providing something to look at other than your cards. Rooms are clean and new and you've got a great great desk service.Holly Madison happened to greeting folks so that is a nice touch. Priceline it and enjoy Vegas with extra cash in your pocket for the tables.
4	My review is only for the casino.Poker room was tight and poorly lit, relative to other rooms in the area.Also not a big fan of the tables, similar to MGM, that have a hard top to the rail, making difficult to stack your chips and play your hand.  I prefer all felt to the rail, but that is a personal preference.The rest of the gaming tables are tight as well and the layout of the playing area is not well laid out.  You will get easily lost and finding your way out to the strip is confusing.The upside?  The outfits on dealers in the "pit" area are smoking!  They also have some table dancing late in the eve, great place to look around, as you are making donations...
4	Pretty good hotel. I stayed at the west gate in a 1 bedroom suite, but also got a chance to go into my friends 2 bedroom suite, which was pretty impressive. The 2 bedroom suite had a great view, while the one i stayed in did not lol. Can't complain though, the hotel was clean and had a nice welcoming feel to it. Earls of sandwiches is right downstairs, so you can get a delicious sandwich for lunch without having to walk far.There's shopping for you shoppers downstairs too lol and it's in a nice location on the strip.Great place to stay if you ever get the chance!
5	We weren't planning on staying here, but our reservation at Mirage got all messed up so i ended up booking here last minute as it was the best bang for the buck at the last minute, and i was impressed when i stayed at the PH towers so i figured why notI booked 2 hollywood hip rooms for friday-monday and the total for both rooms ended up being $642 and they don't have resort fees which i really like.  not bad for 8 people to split for 4 days and 3 nights.  we went to check in and just asked about getting room upgrades and what was available.  the guy who checked us in said he could upgrade us to the panorama suite for $300 a night (pretty sure that is the room that you have to be a high roller to get).  we passed on that as we didn't feel like putting out another $900 at the time so instead we got comp'd upgrades for each of our rooms to resort rooms which were about $300 of comps for each room.  the resort room was about 25% larger, larger bathroom, larger sleeping area.  ontop of that, you get a better view with them, and they even comp'd us high floor upgrades so we went from the 8th floor with the hollywood hip rooms to the 23rd floor with the resort room.  not bad.The rooms:the beds are probably some of the most comfortable beds i have ever slept in, probably more comfortable than my bed at my house, no joke.  the matress is that perfect soft where you just sink into it and don't want to get out.  the pillows are amazing (especially after the horrible pillows and beds at palace station).  the view was great, we had a view of the strip from city center down towards mandalay, and our other room had that view, plus more city center, and then right down into the marquee dayclub which was cool.  the memrobilia in the room is pretty cool too, enough to give a nice touch, but not too much that it is going over the top.  the bathroom was nice and had a tub, and a shower, and the toilet was seperated into a smaller part in the bathroom.  2 sinks were a nice touch too.casino:i have been in the PH casino before from previous stays, and i have to say, it is probably one of my favorite casinos.  with the mix of rock and top 40 music they play, it has a very good vibe, and is just pretty lively at all hours of the day which i really like cause it makes it more fun to lose money.  the pleasure pit is good for those who just want to go look at good looking dealers and dancers and lose their money.  the cocktail waitresses are usually pretty fast and really nice so that is another huge plus for mePH is probably going to be my go to hotel from now on just because you get so much for your money, and it isn't that much money to begin with.  can't wait till i am back in a week
2	Certainly had the most ghetto of our Las Vegas experiences here! We did NOT stay at Planet Hollywood, so my review is for the casino and walking thru... (note: I will review Miracle Mile Shops and I will rate much higher for the shops/restaurants!)We stayed at the MGM Grand and our first stop along the strip was Planet Hollywood. We walked in and before entering we had observed an ambulance and multiple police cars outside, as well as a couple fire engines. Living in Philadelphia, we thought nothing of it and continued on our way inside. Right in the entrance was a woman-- DEAD. Seriously, she was nothing other than dead. There was a guy with her screaming "GOD DAMN IT GOD FUCKING DAMN IT" and punching the glass (mind you, shattering the glass) of a movie display type of thing. It was chaos. We continued to walk thru to the casino, a little shaken up, but like I said, we're all from Philadelphia. People from Philadelphia will know what I mean. So, I do not believe we played anything at this time, but when we went back later in the week, this was the only casino we were in where we were asked if we knew "where to buy weed" or if we "wanted to buy cocaine." WHAT THE HECK!!!! I do not think I had a great time while in the casino area and definitely did not hit anything. Though I may return to the casino, I will never stay at PH due to the ridiculousness that some may just consider Vegas......
5	Love the feel of this place. The entire experience is hip and trendy. Check in was super quick. Check out was also quick using the in room check out. We got a great room with the Robin Williams "Toys" theme. The theme was the only negative thing about the hotel. It was creepy having him and these toys watch me in the bathroom. Otherwise the furnishings were awesome and the view was amazing. We were there over New Years and faced the City Center. We got to watch the fireworks from our room and it kicked butt! After the fireworks, we walked outside and partied with a ton of fun people. There is a great selection of shopping and dining experiences thanks to the Miracle Mile. There is a little mexican restaurant that had super cheap, filling and delicious breakfasts, along with cheap bloodies. There was a cool, round bar in the center of the mall. Be sure to stop at customer service and pick up a free coupon book.  We got lots of free drinks, big discounts and several free gifts with coupons. The casino was fun. The dealers were awesome. Tons of free drinks, even at slot machines. Cocktail waitresses were great. Guys, be sure to hit up the Passion Pit. Gambling with a side of hot, half-naked chicks. Will definitely be going back. You can usually find deals on these rooms. Be sure to sign up for the A Lister club for even more perks.
3	The rooms were very big and very clean.  We actually squeezed 8 people in a room with 2 beds (I know, we're cheapskates) for a weekend trip in Vegas, and it wasn't as bad as you would think!  The bathrooms have lots of counter space, there is a room within the bathroom separating the toilet, the shower is nicely sized (and has kinda crazy heavy water pressure), and there is a huge bathtub (perfect for storing lots of ice with lots of drinks haha).  Great location, pretty good casino area.  We liked how Earl's and Planet Dailies were accessible for quick bites to eat!
3	Rooms are pretty standard, not too small or ghetto but definitely not as luxurious or as nice as let's say, the Palazzo. You can also request conjoining rooms if you're here with a large group and got multiple rooms.The service here was really great! They were very quick about bringing up more towels or blankets. One time they misunderstood us and thought one of us was really sick as in barf everywhere(?) which wasn't the case at all, so the guy brought a biohazard container haha! Good to know they're prepared for such situations!It's a great place to stay mainly because of its location especially if you LOVE Earl's! Best sandwiches in Vegas and open 24 hours! You can just go right downstairs to get it which was so convenient! There's also the Miracle Mile shops where they have Fat Tuesday if you want those super huge long drinks, and it's also located right across the street from the Cosmopolitan if you want to go there for Wicked Spoon buffet, Chandelier Lounge, Marquee, etc. However, it is not close at all to Wynn, Encore, Venetian, if you plan on eating and clubbing there which is the one downside since cab fare over there will be a little more expensive. Overall, not a shabby place to stay! I definitely wouldn't mind coming back here again.
4	I can't really think of any cons to staying here. The hotel is in the middle of the strip, its hip yet down to earth, the rooms are nice but affordable, and there are tons of shops and restaurants to check out. PH is on the top of my list of hotels to stay at in Las Vegas if you are looking to stay somewhere nice without breaking the bank.
3	Planet Hollywood may not be the nicest hotel on the strip, but it sure is the most convenient  hotel. The rooms were okay. We has a non-smoking room and the entire floor we were on reeked of smoke. Good thing our room didn't! The drapes in the rooms suck! The drapes don't block out any sun whatsoever. I woke up every morning with the blinding sun in my eyes! The best thing about this hotel is the location! Plus earl of sandwich is just around the corner!
4	updating my review after staying here again this past weekend.  the room is what is making me update my review, and the staff at check in and check out.  the casino is still great and probably one of my favorite casinos to gamble in because they play good music that keeps you up and going, along with having a large variety of games and slots to play, and the staff is always pretty cool.the 3 things that annoyed me:- when we were making sure we had everything out of our room before leaving, we checked under the bed and there was a ton of crap under the bed from used towels to just trash.  and for some reason there were some cheese puffs in the bathroom by the toilet like someone got trashed and was eating cheese puffs while throwing up and spilled the cheese puffs.  kinda gross, but we didnt' notice it earlier- the placement of the room was annoying as it always seemed loud in the room from who knows what.  the sounds i was able to pick up were the traffic on the strip, and airplanes from the airport.  we were on the 20th floor so i am not sure why the traffic was so loud, and not sure why we would here the airplanes as last time we stayed on the 23rd floor in the resort room and we didn't hear any sounds.  and the resort room was far more comfortable as far as room and bed comfort.- the other thing that kinda pissed me off was the staff at check in and check out.  last time when we stayed here, the guy at the desk at check in was really chill and hooked us up with room upgrades (upgrade to resort room and high floor comp'd) but when i asked the guy this time about upgrades he was talking about how slow it is at the casino and that we would have to pay $50 a night for the room upgrade.  i told him that i got it comp'd for 2 rooms a week ago when i was there and he told me that wasn't possible and gave me a bunch of crap so i just told him that we would keep our basic room.  at check out when we told the lady about the crap under our room she said "oh, alright.  ill take it into consideration."  what the hell is that?  no offering to make up for your staff not being able to properly clean a room?overall, i would give it a 3 for this time, and mixed with my previous 5 from last time, it balances out to a 4.  we shall see if next time is a better experience if i stay here and don't upgrade to the westgate towers.
3	When buying a house, two of the most important things to consider are price and location. PH offers both of these things. It is almost dead center on the strip, and the price, for the most part, is right (this Mon and Tues. you could have gotten rooms as low as $40 depending when you booked). With that said, the good parts of PH pretty much end here for me.We booked it for a LARGE group of people, I'm talking 8+ rooms because of the location, price, and the more trendy/young feeling of it. We all booked our rooms separately for a Mon and Tues night, but on Sunday morning I called and explained that I was the "coordinator" of the event and could I possibly list all of the reservation names so we could all be on the same floor as much as possible? The lady said it should be no problem putting us all on the same floor except the one couple that booked a smoking room since those are on a separate floor. No problem. She also said something to the effect that I had 2 different rooms under MY name which I promptly told her was INCORRECT...I had ONE room for 2 nights. She said it must have been a duplicate and she would fix it. Lastly, I told her that I had SEVERAL people tell me that many hotels will offer free room upgrades or comps. to people who coordinate large groups of people, so was there anything she could do? She told me that was up to the person that checked me in.The next day..Everything that can go wrong, will go wrong. We go to check in around 3pm. Of course NOBODY in our party is on the same floor. I ask how that is possible since I called yesterday and was told it wouldn't be a problem. His answer, "Well, the person you spoke with didn't block out the rooms." Okay. He tells me I have two rooms under my name. I ask him how is THIS possible since I thought I also cleared this up with the same brainiac who can't block out rooms. He says he will fix it (I don't think he did. I think I will need to call PH tomorrow when the charges register on my account for a refund because they charged me again at checkout). Lastly, I ask him about upgrades or comps (after it was clear THEY had messed everything else up already). He tells me, no, they don't really do that, but he CAN offer me an upgrade to a fountain view room...I tell them, that's nice, BUT WE ALREADY PAID FOR THAT ANYWAYS!!!!! He scoffs and says, well then I can offer your friends (the 2 we rode in with) an upgrade so they can be on the same floor as us (but not even an adjoining room). My friend chuckles at this and says that it sucks to be me in a somewhat sarcastic voice BUT SHE WAS SPEAKING TO ME, not him, and he says "excuse me, but that is a 100$ upgrade, nothing to laugh at) which is a blatant lie since we upgraded to it online for $14 from the same room they would have been in. And PS, our TV didn't work, period.To conclude, the rooms are okay. They're clean, but honestly boring and nothing special. The buffet there sucks (review of that later),I've never known ANYONE that didn't lose in their casino, the location is good as are the prices for decentness of room, but I'm done with them. I'll pay to stay at Cosmopolitan where everything is IMMACULATE and if I get a Harrahs comp. in the future, I'll choose Paris right next door.
3	The rooms were ok for the price we paid!! Nothing really spectacular. What knocked them off two stars was the customer service and when staying at planet hollywood you do not have access to planet hollywood westgate!!! I was staying in the older hotel while the rest of my party was at Westgate and every time I would want to go to their room security would tell me i dont have access because I am not a planet hollywood guest. ( even tho i was staying at PLANET HOLLYWOOD) on top of all of this they told me that they cannot call the room my friends are staying at they need to come and get me so I can have access to this hotel. BIGGEST PISS OFF EVER!!!! It was ridiculous!! Honestly for the price I paid I could of stayed at the Cosmo not only would I have a better and nicer room but that hotel is AMAZING and has great Customer Service!!!! Sorry Planet Hollywood you just didnt do it  for me!!!!!!
4	Great central strip location. Fun, young hotel/casino with modern amenities. I've stayed twice and I will stay again.
4	I come here just for Earl of Sandwich.Sometimes I lose money on the way in on blackjack though.
4	fun place to stay.  the decor in our room was pretty out dated but I can't complain too much cuz it was free.
1	We got there on  Friday we had to  wait 3 hours to ck in when we got to our room last guest still in the room we came down to tell front desk about it had to wait another half hour to book us for another room i reserved one of the room for my handicap father they didnt consider to give us a room with handicap equipment . when we called at least to bring the chair for their bathroom it took them another 3 hours to bring it.everything in that hotel was so slow on our way to ck out we had to wait again not to forget for room serviceit took them one hour to bring a cup of coffee up. when you get to casino you felt you are in the center of fireplace. smoke were everywhere they do not have good aircon. what a waste.
3	Gets way too crowded as it is connected to Miracle Mile...can smell funny due to all the traffic and people/little kids. Has potential (love the changing color crystal ball) and Earl of sandwiches is amazing. The sports room is horrible...dirty and everyone smokes so it creates a horrible environment to be in. Like I said, has potential but doesn't quite pull through.
1	Christmas Weekend for a local resident who could choose any property to stay and this was our pick.  BAD CHOICE.  1.  45 minute wait to check in with only 3 working the desk.  No apology, just a sorry its busy and most of our help called in.  Like they didn't know how many reservations were on the books.  2.  Dropping $1500 in 36 hours on video poker, and didn't even get one 4 of a kind.   OMG.  3.  I left my $49 memory foam pillow and cell charger in the room.  Since I am local I could run down and pick it up.  I would know if I didn't take my pillow home with me.  After 15 minutes on hold I get to Lost and Found.  They don't have it.  They send me to housekeeping where I wait another 15 minutes on hold and they say why did they even transfer me there.  That Lost and Found should have offered a security report which they did not.  And I get offered to be transferred back.  After a long wait time I hung up.5.  Long wait times for the buffet (1.5 hours quoted) for a $35.99 buffet.  6.  only 2 bath towels for 2 people, are you kidding?  7.  No exhaust fans in the bathroom?  8.  Shower so tiny with a shower head that is not movable.... cant escape the water to even shave your legs.  The little things that make a stay "uncomfortable".  So slow service, huge costs, tightest machines on the strip, and the housekeeping keeps my forgotten items and it appears no one there really does care.  Why?  Cause another plane is landing with more out of town guests unaware they selected the wrong place!  Take it from a local, dont book here!
1	I booked a SMOKING ROOM for Christmas weekend from Friday 23 - Sunday 25. I called in ahead of time to let them know that I will be arriving late, around 6 am on Sat morning. The guy who I spoke to said the room will be ready for me when I get there.At 3 AM on Saturday morning, After a long drive. My boyfriend and I arrived at the front desk. No smile or greetings from the employee (maybe the guy was tired since it's late~ understood!). Our FIRST ROOM was on the 6th floor, the same floor where the pool is located and about 3 doors down (wasn't so happy but let's give it a try). As soon as we walked into the room, there was towels in the bathroom floor, toilet hasn't flush, the bed was not ready. The room HAS NOT BEEN CLEANED yet. Very sloppy.My boyfriend and I with all those luggage went down to the front desk and explained the condition of the room to the young lady. Nothing has been said, no sorry, no apology! Instead, she has given us another room which is now located on the 10th floor. A little better. Why not just gave us this room at first?!Our SECOND ROOM was better, at least it's ready for someone who booked for a non-smoking room. But WE BOOKED FOR A SMOKED ROOM. So, we had to go down to the front desk again. My boyfriend asked the same young lady if she has assigned us to the smoking room or no since there was no ashtray. Instantly "yes, it is a smoking room" answer, without checking in the computer. So, he had to ask again and the answer was "THERE ARE NO MORE SMOKING ROOM AVAILABLE"I told her that I booked for a smoking room. She replied "not when you arrived at 3 o'clock in the morning". Uhh, Hello? I gave you guys a call that we will be arriving late and WE DID NOT KNOW THAT IT IS WRONG TO BE ARRIVING AT 3 O'CLOCK IN THE MORNING!! I told her that but she pretended she did not hear.  And again, NO APOLOGY. We were too tired to argue so we decided to sleep with it for the night.About 10 o'clock in the morning, we went down to the front desk again and told the other lady what happened. At least she apologized. She has given us a new room. Our THIRD ROOM was on the 33rd floor. The room was standard, nothing special.  I wish that the closet could have been separate from the tv case though. FYI, there was no refrigerator.PH self-parking is like walking around the globe! It's annoying how we have to walk pass all those shops for half of a mile to get to the hotel every time we go out. I have no idea how many miles we have walked during our stayed. I would not stay there again even if they give us a free room!! Very disappointed!
4	After deciding on running the Rock 'n' Roll Half Marathon, we needed a place to stay to cater 10 people.  Yes I said 10.  Out of the 10 only 4 were registered runners and 1 was a bandit runner (Good job!).We got a free bottle of liquor per room per night and was able to accommodate all the people in our rooms. It was nice and spacious and can't complain with the price we got the rooms for. Also the location's pretty prime as it's in the center of the strip next to the Miracle Mile shops and all the prime hotels. I would highly recommend Plant Hollywood and would stay there in a heartbeat if the price was right!
5	YES! Yes stay here. I don't know anything abotu the casino itself but the rooms are all nice and unique with great views. It's also connected to The Miracle Mile shops, which is arguably the best mall in all of Vegas.There is no security here so it's a great place to go if you're looking to hire a girl for the night, plus just downstairs is a Frederick's of Hollywood where you can get your paramour a present.From the Miracle Mile Valet you go right off the escalator, left at the Quetzalcoatl, Right at the Angel and you'll be right by the guest elevators. Follow my directions or wander for eternity in woe.
5	Quick check in once again.. Plus the $20 trick worked wonders this time. Not only did i get the upgrade but my friends did too. Just asked if we can all be close to one another so they gave us all 3 rooms with an upgrade..
4	Had a great stay at Planet Hollywood! We arrived around 5:00 pm and they offered us a complimentary upgrade! We had booked a standard room but received an upgrade to a Boulevard Suite! The room was massive and had a pool table, lots of places to lounge around and 1.5 bathrooms. The Boulevard Suite is a one-bedroom suite - the bedroom portion resembles a standard Planet Hollywood room, with a bigger bathroom (had a jacuzzi tub). The living area where the pool table and conversation areas are had an entirely different character - black is the predominate color with white accents. The room was very cool, but lacked some of the luxury - tech features of the newer mega-resorts - ie. tv in the bathroom, automated drapes, automated light controls, etc. One minor fault I give to PH is that the self parking garage is ridiculously far from the hotel. You have to walk through the Miracle Mile shops to get to the casino before you can get to the lobby. Luckily, the resort elevators are directly accessible from the lobby so you don't have to walk across the casino like most other Vegas hotels.
2	Ughhhh do not come here after NYE midnight countdown..i think this is one of the only casinos that open up right after the countdown, so all the annoying drunk rowdy people come here...and omg they're EVERYWHERE! and they shouldn't be allowed to gamble! argh
4	The first time I came here was for for my friend's 21st birthday. She booked the fountain view suite for $700 and I was like WHAATT?! This better be the suite on the strip! Walked into the room..DISAPPOINTED. two queens and bathroom. mmm...more like a standard room. So i asked the front desk and they said it was a standard room. and I asked why is it called the fountain view room? ...turns our we had a view of the fountain from bellagio. -_- what?! im not gonna pay $700 for that? i was tripping balls man!Second time i came here...Much better! I came here with my boyfriend and we paid $213 for a standard room. Walked in...King size bed, pull out couch, nice coffee table, a huge bathroom, a view of the strip, a tiny kitchen with dishwasher, sink, and a micrwave. Oh and a TV. I think we got a suite. SWEET.So yeah my friend got ripped off. Thank goodness I only stayed for one night and paid $30. Argh.Pros:EARL OF SANDWICHlots of affordable shopsCons:so far from the parking lot
5	My girls and I stayed here the last time we went to Vegas and we had a great time. I forgot why, but we got upgraded to an awesome suite on the 30th floor and had an a-mazing view of the strip and the city center across the street. The housekeeping staff was also very understanding about us needing an unusually large amount of towels, pillows, and a roll-away bed...I think my favorite part about staying here was the location. It's right across the street from the city center and basically smack dab in the middle of the strip so it's not an epic walk to get anywhere. Also, Miracle Mile stores right downstairs complete with Fat Tuesday refill station. Total win.Another win: Earl of Sandwich. 24/7 sandwiches for my drunken pleasure? I definitely appreciate it. Props for the breakfast sandwich.
4	We have never stayed here, but we have eaten at several places this hotel and casino offers.  The layout is a little confusing when we were trying to find the lobby of this hotel to catch a taxi.  Gambling here is not bad, plus the Starbucks here offered free WI-fi.  The other good thing about this hotel and casino are the shops right next door in the Miracle Mile Shops that are connected to this hotel.What I love most about this place is I can connect to the Internet on my Iphone for free when on the casino floor.  Plus, the misses and I have had the best luck in this hotel and casino compared to the many casinos we gambled at.I would suggest staying at the Flamingo and coming here for water, cheaper coffee, and free Internet. Cheers everyone and happpy yelping!!
4	GROUP BDAY TRIP TO VEGAS, go big or go home. We got a very accommodating room EXCEPT FOR the fact that there was no fridge to put our bottles of alcohol. So we literally took the ice bucket and rotated bottles in and out of it, it was hilarious but we did what we had to do. The beds were comfy and the bathroom was amazing and roomy, we even had a bathtub party with 3 girls, myself included. ;D For a room just to sleep in, its not too bad but I'm sure there are better places to stay at. The great part was our view faced the fountain so we were able to see the water shows.
4	This place won me over.  I'm a fan, and if you give it a chance, I think you might be, too.My only real grip is the parking, so let's get that out of the way before we move on to more pleasant subjects.  Unless you valet, you park in the structure located behind the "Miracle Mile" shopping mall and walk that "miracle mile" from the parking structure to the casino.  The south-center strip location is great, especially if you like to check out some of the nearby properties, such as the Cosmopolitan located more or less directly across the street and easily reached via the nearby foot bridge.   It's location also makes it really easy to get to and from the airport, and you don't have to use the strip (Las Vegas Boulevard) to get there, which is a big plus when the strip is packed.   Check-in was painless.  The registration desk is a little difficult to find if you've not been here before, but once we found it (one floor down from the main casino floor), it was smooth sailing.  The clerk was friendly and helpful and had us on our way in no time.  Our room was nicer than I expected, especially for the price.  The room and the bathroom were both good sized, especially the bathroom, which had a separate walk-in shower, a separate toilet room, a large jacuzzi tub, and a sizable double vanity.  The furnishings in the room were generally nice, but my bed was pretty beat and was not comfortable. The best way to describe the casino is fun.  At times, they play really good music, and they have go go dancers who dance in the "Pleasure Pit" table game area and, at times, in the Heart Bar located in the center of the casino.   People seemed to be having a great time.  All in all, we had a great time at the P-Ho, and I'd be happy to stay there again.
4	Check-in was speedy and friendly and a message that was awaiting my arrival was instantly passed on.The strip room was good on the 24th floor, small window overlooking part of the strip and the bellagio fountains.The room was large, as was the bathroom, and I found it to be clean and daily housekeeping was to a good standard.There were no problems with out stay, but just as there was nothing spectacuar? The location is certainly a plus point for this hotel - pretty central on the strip.I would have nothing against staying here again, however with such a variety of choice in Vegas, I'd likely choose somewhere else for a different experience. If you choose to stay here, you wouldn't be dissapointed. It value for what you get.
5	Check-in was pretty quick. Waited in line for about 10 minutes. We checked in a few minutes early, no big deal. When we were done checking in at around 3, the lobby was almost full of people waiting to check in. We got a free upgrade from a Hollywood Hip to a Resort Room which made our day.The Resort Rooms are very nice and clean. The bathrooms are HUGE. Almost the same size as the room itself. They have a nice glass shower, sinks on opposite sides, and a nice soaking tub. We got two queen beds in each room and they were very comfortable. One of our rooms had a view of the Bellagio Fountains which was really nice to watch right from the window. Each room has a theme based on a movie which is neat. A Resort Room also has a 42" TV (guesstimate) and two lounge chairs with a desk and chair. Room service comes around every day to clean up and replace cups, soap, etc. They'll also check your bags upon arrival and departure which is nice since we had time between both.We went in December so we didn't venture to the pool but the pool area is quite big. The Miracle Mile Shops is a great place to walk around and get food. Nothing is exactly fine dining but still selection of bar food, sit-down restaurants, to fast food. Also Earl of Sandwich is attached to the casino floor. 24/7 sandwiches? Amazing.I think the best thing about Planet Hollywood is its location. It's literally center strip and you can't get much better than that. The hottest nightclubs are all within walking distance (except Palms). Marquee at The Cosmopolitan which just got rated #1 in the U.S. is just a skywalk away. The Bellagio, Caesars, CityCenter, Paris, MGM are all within 5-10 minutes walking. I can't stress how awesome the location is.The casino floor is very nice. It gets very busy at night (the Pleasure Pit and go-go dancers bring in people I'm assuming). Tables are $10 during the day for games like blackjack and go up to $15 by night if I'm not mistaken. The Pleasure Pit is a unique twist on the casino experience I guess. The sportsbook is decent but far from the best or most extensive in Vegas. Planet Hollywood has 2 nightclubs inside, Koi and Gallery (more on those in their respective reviews).A downside is that WiFi costs around $15 or so if I'm not mistaken. Waaaay too expensive. Luckily I have 3G on my iPhone or I would have done without being connected with the world. I would definitely stay here again for the location if for nothing else. It's the most affordable hotel in its location by far. The affordability definitely had the crowd skewing younger but still met a wide variety of ages. If you're looking for good nightlife in Vegas, you need to be in the center strip area and PH is the most affordable choice. I wanted to give it more of a 4.5 than a 4 or a 5 but it is definitely an excellent hotel.
4	First time staying at this hotel recently. A few reasons, decent room rate (bought a few weeks early), central location on the strip (across the street from City Center LV), gambling at Pleasure Pit, some really good eats and drinks located inside the resort/casino and the Miracle Mile shops.Checked-in with ease and our 2 bed suite was in the south tower. It was nice and comfortable size, bathroom with a walk-in shower and separate deep bathtub. LCD Tv and movie memorabilia decor. Some noticeable repairs in a few areas of the room that weren't too attractive. Overall, a good stay. Current Favorites..Eats:-Spice Market Buffet-Earl of Sandwich-PinksLibations:-Fat Tuesdays - if you're into crazy flavors and sizes of daiquiris-Halo BarBe sure to get a Total Rewards card for added benefits!I would definitely come back.
4	Planet Hollywood stands out from most of the other Casinos on The Strip because let's face it, after a while all the casinos start to look the same......and that's even before you're tipsy off the five free cocktails that you blew $200 for at the blackjack table.Planet Hollywood has a cool hip scenester vibe. They play good tunes and have some good lounge acts playing throughout The Casino. My personal favorite area is of course The Pleasure Pit where girls dance in lingerie above the tables-gives you a little more bang for the buck that you're about to lose.Once you get up to the rooms they're pretty much the same as all other rooms in Vegas. They're comfortable and come standard equipped. Each room also contains some item of memorabilia from a film or television show. I can now die fulfilled from having spent a night in the same room as a piece of the magic from the "Alien Nation" TV show that I never once watched.If you're in Vegas and are paying that much attention to the room, you either have no clue how to have a good time or you're broke and have nothing else to do except wonder how in the hell "Alien Nation" EVER got made into a TV series. Now get your broke ass back down to The Pleasure Pit.
4	Honestly, it got 4 stars because I left this hotel ahead.Free Pet Stay Rooms for 3 nights - Win winPet accomodations - (where you can walk the pooch) - not so great.Hotel wise, its an improvement over Flamingo where we stayed at last summer for a family visit to Vegas.  The accomodations are fine but thinking it was adults only (not), the hotel was busy for the holidays (we were there Dec 24-26).  Valet parking and getting to the parking area is easier than Flamingo which has its entrance from the Strip.  The room itself is pretty big but nonsensical.  First and foremost, we were at the 8th flr (the 6th flr was where the pool was).  If this was a regular summer evening, you would not be able to fall asleep as it is close to the pool.  Luckily it was quiet and calm on this visit.  The size of the room is great but the configuration was all wrong.  You enter through the foyer area (sizable), to your right is the bathroom with two opposing sinks, a bathtub by the wall between the shower area and the toilet in a room.  There needed to be at least a small bench inside this bathroom.The bedroom has decor to commemorate one of those old tv shows, in our case Moonlighting with Cybil Sheperd and Bruce Willis.  Both their blazers were displayed in a table and in a frame on the wall.  Otherwise, the bed King size is typical hotel.  The TV is on the right side of the bed which is hard to see if you are laying on bed. The entertainment center contains the drawers for your clothes and a small area for hanging clothes.  I don't think it would have been sufficient if two ladies were sharing this room.  The ironing board was also on this closet.  If you need a fridge, you need to order one for you room at an extra charge.Since this was a comp room, I will not argue the different costs additional that you might experience including the aforementioned fridge, internet access.  I do feel that Housekeeping is overwhelmed and a bit hard to get things from.  We requested 2 luggage racks (one was in the room) so that we can set our baggage on top of it instead of placing them in the drawers.  Only one came and only after almost a day waiting.  We requested extra pillows but was told that only one person was registered therefore we were not entitled to more.  We were told that if you have the sign that you have a dog, housekeeping will not enter yet we found them in our room after returning from the fitness center.  Luckily we always leave the dog in his kennel when we leave the room (for his own safety and keeping him away from damaging anything).  Fitness center - ah..we seem to always luck out that the sauna which we were willing to pay to get into, is always broken in hotels we visit.  It must be the low end of the season (or we are staying in average hotels).Casino wise - as mentioned before I made out with good games and did not lose any money.  The atmosphere is alright especially since the hotel is connected to the Miracle Mile of shops (sort of a mall with standard shops and food court and restaurants).  They have the Pleasure Pit which shows women scantily clad dealing the games.  Wasted on me of course but it was still entertaining.Overall, I would say 3.5 stars but had to round it to 4 stars for the free accomodations (I still had to pay for the pet fee for the stay).
5	Only stayed here once, but it was a good time! Went for a friend's birthday and stayed in a suite with one king size bed in the room and a pull-out sofa. There's plenty of space in the bathroom. Both the shower and toilet have well designed doors so other people can be in the bathroom even if someone is showering or on the toilet. The only bad thing about the bathroom is the mirror. This was an issue for me as a girl because the mirror was pretty far away, so it was hard to see when doing make up. Moving to the room, there was a little sofa/lounge chair, the king-sized bed, and the hot tub. Though the hot tub cannot seat that many, it was a fun little area for everyone to sit around and just relax. One negative about the room was the hot tub jets. We had trouble getting them to start because you had to fill the tub with enough water and the sensor was not working well.The living room/kitchen which was the rest of the suite. A big thumbs up for the projector in the living room area. That was definitely a perk and when you're sleeping in the morning with the screen down, it literally feels like night time. The screen does a good job keeping the light out. The pull-out and sofa were all pretty comfortable. Though it is dangerous to get too comfortable watching the projector. You'll forget you're in Vegas and not want to move from the sofa. The full kitchen provided a good area to eat/drink/cook whatever you wish. The location of the rooms is kind of out of the way because you have to walk half of the Miracle Mile Shops to get there, but once you come down the elevators, the pool is just to the left. No matter where you go in the hotel, there's a walk involved.Good places to go at PH:- Earl of Sandwich- Pink's Hot Dog- Fat Tuesday- Lobster MELocation of the hotel is great because it is right in the middle of the strip next to Paris and across Cosmopolitan. Once you walk out of the hotel, there's the hustle and bustle of the strip. I would definitely stay here again!
4	I did not stay at this hotel, my rating is only on the casinoI really enjoied the high energy club energy in the casino ( I was there Saturday night 12am).
5	Oh how I miss Vegas already :*(Stayed here the weekend after NYE and we had a great stay.The casino and shops are great. Everything you need is right downstairs. Centrally located on the strip. Room was nice, flat screen tv, spacious bathroom, large tub, COMFY bed, and we got views of the Bellagio Fountains. I love the atmosphere of this hotel its young hip and modern. I'm definitely returning to this hotel, I had a GREAT time.I do agree that once you are in the casino we got lost almost every time we needed to go to our room, the layout is weird.
5	Went after the week after new years expecting it to be dead but  was very lively. You must hang out at the Pleasure Pit, and no its not a strip place, its a area where poker and card games are located, with beautiful dealers included, this one dealer 'Lisa' was the best dealer i have ever met! i know dealers make you feel comfortable but this one actually knew how to speak some vietnamese, she's the best.....The best time in Planet is after 8pm when they create a fun environment throughtout the Pleasure Pit, bump the music, have gogos dancers and all the female dealers come out and play....*thumbs up*~Sin City we will meet agan~
3	Planet Hollywood is right in the middle- location, quality, amenities, dining. It's all pretty much middle of the road. It's nothing to rave about, yet I don't know that there's anything to really complain about. I loved its location on the strip, which puts you in a very convenient position to reach most anything of note in a short walk. I had unexpectedly been offered a free rental vehicle and parked in the garage. I never drove it again until departure, and I was glad for that. The walk from the garage to check-in is ludicrous. Winding through the Miracle Mile Shops with luggage in tow was an annoyance, to say the least. Not to mention the inherent difficulties of the property floor plan itself, which had me twisted for the entire stay. The room was booked for me and I chose to upgrade to a larger room with a view- which is something I'll always do in Vegas. It was a great choice because I was given an excellent end of hall panoramic of the Paris balloon and tower next door and The Bellagio fountains across, and I couldn't watch them enough. Room 2038 was an Independence Day film theme and, although not luxurious, was very adequate and sufficiently tidy. The king bed allowed a great reclined view up the strip. The tv was oddly placed to the side of the bed. I turned the chairs at the window to enjoy a beverage and the view often throughout the stay. In consideration of the huge variances of room rates along the strip, I feel that I paid a very fair rate for the quality of the experience. I briefly negotiated the upgrade and felt that it was fair, as well.Again, the floor plan had me wandering far more than I wanted just to find my way out or about. I've stayed in probably a dozen different Vegas properties and usually have my bearings by the second day- not here. The dining choices offered a nice variety. Planet Dailies was a waste for both food and service. I wasn't crazy about the buffet and it seemed that I was probably not alone in that opinion. The food quality and selection were adequate and there was never a line.I walked everywhere during my stay and, again, for that I really appreciated the location. On my nickel, I'll usually stay at Bellagio. But, if I were to find myself in position to have to consider Planet Hollywood again, I would be fine staying there.
5	Very impressed with my stay here.  Checked in late for a seminar and asked clerk for an upgrade.  He was very nice and spoke to manager.  Offered me a 1250 sq. Ft. Suite on 32nd floor with floor to ceiling windows looking out over the strip.  It was amazing -  what a view!  Gave me the room for less than half o
3	Planet Hollywood has done a lot to improve over the years and I was pretty impressed with the overall quality during my time in this hotel. It seems like everything has been upgraded from the decor to the shops and just the overall feel of the place seems less cheesy than it used to.There is a really good variety of shops, restaurants, and bars which are all more than willing to help you part with your money although not nearly as eagerly as the casino floor. The gaming area is pretty standard compared to other casinos and it didn't really stand out in any way.Still not in the upper echelon of Vegas hotels, but definitely making strides to stay away from the bottom of the pile.
3	overall ok rooms.very spaciousMy only complaints were, no in room coffee, small windows and a mediocre bed.  Casino floor was nice.  I loved the go-go dancers ;o)Staff overall were pretty friendly
3	Note to the lazy: You might want to just valet. Otherwise, check-in is a far walk from their parking structure. The heart bar is a good meetup spot since it's the easiest thing to find on the casino floor. Early evenings, the bartender has time to converse and prepare you their specialties.The "regular" rooms have a cheesy vibe and was a little musky for a ventilated Vegas room. Small with a bathroom almost the size of the sleeping area. It's a message to guests to stay clean and get out.The only reason I give it an "A-OK" is the fact that it's in the middle of the strip [which makes it the best meeting point for large groups] and the rooms are kept clean.
5	I have been through Planet Hollywood a couple times, but my most recent trip to Vegas had me staying there. As a preface, I'm a big gambler and I LOVE Vegas. I usually stay at MGM, but I was offered a free stay at any of the Harrah's hotels and decided to take them up on an offer and roll the dice.As far as the hotel, I was happy with the rooms. Nice bathrooms, gave us 2 queen sized beds as requested, great view from the 36th floor. I really don't spend much time in the hotel room itself, but it was a nice thing to come back to at the end of the night. Shower pressure was a little weak, but nothing that turned me off. Otherwise, I really liked the bathroom. I had 3 rooms in lieu of a large group I was traveling with; unfortunately they weren't able to put us all on the same floor, despite requesting it at the time of reservation- but again, nothing that left a sour taste in my mouth. Unfortunately, I have no review of the pool area as I stayed here in the middle of January.They are one of my favorite casinos to play at on the strip. Largely in lieu of the Pleasure Pit - an area of the casino with sexy outfitted dealers and girls table dancing to fun songs inside the pit area. Everyone always seems to be in good spirits around the area and it makes for a fun night. Additionally, it's in a great location; right in the center of the strip. I highly recommend it.
4	Great place to stay because my 2 friends and I got a great deal - $260 for 3 nights! It also has a great location - right in the middle of the strip and across the street from the Cosmopolitan and Bellagio. Check-ins and outs are very quick and the rooms are extremely spacious. Bathrooms are huge as well, with a standing shower and a fancy schmancy bathtub. Most of all, there's a mile of shops attached, so it's also great for shopping! :)
3	The Rooms were nice, the Casino floor is very confusing, it took me 3 days to finally figure out which paths to walk to get out of the hotel towards the shops, which left turn to get to the lobby. There was something about the lighting that made me highly anxious, some of the staff do not know where certain bars are within the vicinity of the bar, I had to ask the security officers, Planet Dallies has amazing coffee and they can give it to you to go if you have already eaten there!
5	I'm a fan of this place. I try to stay here whenever I'm in Vegas. It's hip and trendy. The prices are usually pretty good and sometimes, they'll even upgrade your room for free. The crowd is young and I've seen several celebrities hanging out. They also have the Pleasure Pit to keep gamblers and onlookers entertained...
4	Good experience
3	Hubby and I stayed here for a 4 day, midweek, belated 8th anniversary getaway. I had never been to Vegas and he had been about 10 years ago. The hotel room (King, 5 piece bath) was simply ok. It was the little things that caused me to take stars away. Tile in the shower was poorly maintained and showing mold and separating from the wall around the door (only visible when you are standing in the shower). Tile also separating around the tub (only visible when you are in the tub). The room was dusty... glasses had a layer of dust on them. There was just a general lack of maintenance to the room. If they don't tend to the visible stuff... what else are they not cleaning? I don't know if it's standard for strip hotels to not have mini-fridges... but this one does not. Really inconvenient to not have a little fridge for storing quick breakfast items and water. We used the Hotel's concierge for general information (public transportation info, directions, etc) and they were helpful. I would not recommend the Hertz desk at Planet Hollywood (I'll post a separate review for them). The Nissan Altima (normally a car we do not mind renting) was a total POS. It was fine for the 9 hours we rented it... but really. I expect to have at least a washed car and one that doesn't have body damage would be a bonus! The casino is what you would expect from a strip location. Fun, loud and we managed to take some of the Casino's money home. Location is perfect. Mid strip, with The Deuce and Express bus stop just out the front doors. Would we stay here again? Meh, probably not. Although, if we wait to return for another 10 years it'll probably be a remodeled hotel.
4	Ill start by saying the location of the casino is really good, across from the Bellagio and Cosmopolitan. HOTELChecking in:We got two rooms and checked in around 2ish and was told to come back around 3-4 and our rooms would be ready. At our initial clerk, we asked for joint rooms too. Because Two people separately bought the rooms, I didn't want to try the 20$ trick :/. We did our thing, and came back into the Keys line. The guy said the room wasn't ready yet, but hooked us up with the bigger room. From a Hollywood Hip to a Resort room fountain side. The rooms weren't jointed but was one room apart. Room: The room itself was pretty big, the bathroom was super huge. Now here are my complaints. One night, a guard interrupted our pre-gaming and told me that this is a 2nd complaint and they can kick us out. I told him that's kinda bullshit because we never received our first complaint, so sorry we were loud. Eventually we saw who our neighbors were, some old couple. One of the rooms showers were handicap, so that room's bathroom floor would be soaked. One of the doors on the cabinets were broken, and we figured whatever, we are not in the hotel that long anyways. CASINOCasino: Really con-fricking-fusing. Everytime I am on the casino floor, I think i know where I am going but it took all 3 days of my vacation to know where to exactly go. I really do not like how there is no main pathway, it's really a cluster of everything in a circle.TLDR: Got a room upgrade, but got complaints i've never received, and faulty items in the room. Casino is a cluster F-bomb. Has a good location and price, but I think i would spend a bit more and stay else where.
4	Room- This was the best hotel room I've ever stayed in. We stayed in a Kings Suite and it was awesome. Close to the airport as well. Cant beat it. I will stay there again if/when i go back to vegas. Clean and Quiet.Hotel- there was plenty to do in the hotel. Their a strip mall with plenty of good restaurants and retail stores.I would give the hotel a 5 start but the sports bar down stairs was terrible. DONT GO THERE! Terrible food and service.
4	penthouse on the 26th floor. two bedroom, two bath, living room, dining room, full kitchen, washer and dryer, projector GREAT PLACE TO leave it to VEGAS! room service- prompt.location: right smack in the middle of the strip!
5	I came to Vegas twice in one month during December 2011 and chose to stay at PH. I booked my room through expedia.com and got it for about $42/night. My first visit was to celebrate my birthday, me and my friends were greeted by the concierge and got in line to check in. The man who helped us gave me an upgrade to a bigger room with a view of Bellagio! I enjoyed the water show every night while getting ready! My bf smokes cigarettes so we check into a smoking room. When I first walked in I thought it was going to reek of the smell of smoke, but it didn't (thank goodness). The room was a good size and I love the double vanities so that I can get ready without sharing counter space. The casino was right downstairs and around 9PM they have go-go dancers dancing on the tables in the "pleasure pit" area. If you're looking to go and have a good times, PH is a great hotel to stay at. There is along of younger people who just want to have fun! The location of PH is perfect because it's right across from Aria, Crystal Mall and next to Paris. You also have access to the shopping mall. The pool looked really nice but it was too cold to go out there. I can't wait to go back to Sin City!!
3	It is always fun but the comps are terrible.
4	Fun Fun Fun!!!!! This is my new favorite casino in Vegas. There is a great upbeat feel when you walk in the casino. They have top 40 hip hop, pop music playing at all times and plenty of eye candy for the fellas top look at. Their deli was my favorite that I've had in Vegas. The Earl Of Sandwich, all of there sandwiches are 5.99 wraps 5.99 soup 3.99. I had the caperse sandwich it was a refreshing feeling with every bite on perfectly toast bread it was seriously heavenly. I also had the BLT sandwich also excellent,and the  tomato soup was great. Poker room was in the middle of the casino which is kinda different, its definitely a nice room that has lots of traffic going through it but not overbearing.
4	I had my bachelorette party in Vegas and stayed at this hotel for one night. My girls were awesome because they actually came the night before (originally I planned on coming the night before) but it was my sons 8th grade graduation so I missed the one night of fun in vegas.... I couldn't miss my sons graduation. I made it on time in Vegas starting my Saturday morning. Anywhoo, hotel is gorgeous and clean. Love the look and atmosphere.  Very fun!
5	It was my Valentine Present, a suite at Planet Hollywood. The room was superb. Windows Wrapped around the end of the hotel overlooking the Paris and Bellagio fountains, we were able to lounge on a chaise in the window and watch the fountains. Giant Bathtub divides the rooms. We ordered champagne and chocolate strawberries! Service was quick, polite and discreet. The whole effect was very special. We ate in the steak house which was good. it was a wonderful night!
3	Great location.  Rooms were ok, but I preferred the MGM Signature suite we had booked, but they had to moved us because they were over sold.I love the shops and they have decent dining there.  I do not like the casino, but I do like that it was not as smoked filled at the MGM's casino.Nice pool area, but not spectacular.  The Breakfast buffet is not as good as the MGM or Paris, but their lunch buffet is good. The location alone would make me return.I would stay here again for the right price.
4	I have to say I have a love/hate relationship with the hotel room mirror. It makes a girl look slim and on point, but when you get out of there and look into a regular mirror, you can't help but thing, "WTF was I thinking when I was getting ready?" lol.That aside, PH was pretty awesome. It's a great location, there's a good crowd there. The Miracle Mile Shops were a fantastic place/temptation and there was a wide array of restaurants to go to. The staff were really helpful. The room we stayed in was the Donnie and Marie room; it was great, aside from the mirror. The bathroom was fabulous with their double vanity, one on each side of the bathroom. The room was spacious; it had two queens and room for a sleepaway bed. And speaking from experience, the chairs in the room are super comfy, comfy enough to sleep in. The view from our room was Paris and Bellagio fountains so that was pretty sweet :) The elevators were always pumping music I wanted to sing along and dance too so that was also fun lol. Another sweet perk of staying here: Earl of Sandwich lol. I love it so much that I started my day there and ended my day there lol. I'd stay here again just for the convenience of having them in the hotel lol.I think the only thing I didn't really care for was the parking or trying to get to it. There's no entrance from the strip, you have to go onto Harmon I believe to get to the parking, valet and cabs. Their buffet was all right, but for the price you pay, you can get better food at the other places on the strip. Also in the elevators, they have their screens not on the side or above the panel; they have it on the roof. I didn't care for that either. I didn't get to check out Gallery so I can't comment on their nightclub. Overall, I liked it. I'm a fan and I'm staying there again for my b-day weekend!
3	Rooms are nothing special, however, we did have a killer view.... The miracle mile walk could kill you if the Valet is too busy and you decide to walk with your luggage though the Miracle Mile Shops!!! The bathrooms in the room is pretty nice, The tub is wonderful!!!The Casino is really nice, but not one of my favorite parts of this casino is their buffet!!! Its soooooooooooooo good!!!... Perfect breakfast and Lunch... never been there for dinner, but will be back to try it... I don't think I would want to stay here again, but will be back for the casino and the food!
5	I always choose to stay at this hotel when I visit Vegas. It has one of the best places to eat in Vegas (Earl of Sandwiches), pretty good location on the strip, and rooms are  decently priced. 25 cent Slot machines (w/the wheel on top) and War is what I usually play and PH satisfies both of my gambling cravings. The Miracle Mile Shops are also fun to walk through. PH is also well ventilated unlike some of the other hotels (ie. Paris). The only minor downside is their valet service which can sometimes be a little slow and annoying, especially if you need to get somewhere quick.
3	I am actually a fan of Marriott hotels, usually stay at Marriott Grand Chateau whenever I visit Vegas. But, I decided to give it a try with Planet Hollywood. First of all, GREAT location, loved Earl Of Sandwich place by casino.As for the rooms, I don't know if there was suppose to be a hairdyer in the room, I couldn't locate it. I was expected to have coffee maker but is also not present. Mattress seemed bit old, everytime I moved around, I can hear the spring inside the mattress. Besides that, tub was a good size, room was also decent size. I requested feather free room, which was already done for us before checking in. But overall it was a good stay.
3	A few friends and I got "The Color Purple" room for a bachelor party. With the possibility of needing to crash after a night out on the Strip. Our room was simply decorated in dark, rich colors with some memorabilia from the movie.Although it is nothing spectacular, it was still a nice hotel room. Two queen sized beds, big flat screen tv, shower, and tub made for a comfortable stay. The hygiene products are lacking though. They provide no shampoo or conditioner, and their shower gel does not lather. I was glad that I tend to be compulsive and bring my own grooming supplies.Everything about the PH is A-OK. The buffet is decent, the table games are not too outrageously high, and the mall is convenient, but all of the promoters swarming the floor is a bit much.
4	ONE COMPLAINT.. I LEFT $10 ON THE DESK .. came back.. my room wasnt clean.. AND MY $10 was GONE!!! WTF kinda thieving ass ppl do u motherfuckers HIRE??!!??      but other than that.. im a happy camper.. had a good free trip on planet hollywood.. =)
3	I don't remember the name of the room we got, but we got a huge suite, one master room with a tub, a living room, kitchen, and another bedroom. MANY THINGS SEEMED BROKEN and worn out. Our tub stopped working on our last day in Vegas. There were missing items such as pens. We stayed here for halloween so I vaguely remember what else went wrong in this hotel. Oh yeah there's a sound box for us to connect our iPods to, but had to get those aux cords to connect. LOUD enough to pregame! Paid only $900 for 2 nights, split amongst 5363623 ppl and we pretty much saved a heck a lot of money staying here. Uhm, this hotel is definitely for broke college students or young 20's, those who pretty much want more bang for their buck but still want something very modern and VEGAS like. Its pretty much like Caesar's Palace, they have a mall (Miracle Miles shops) like how Ceasars got their forum. Popular eats is Earl's sandwiches, cheap sandwiches and open 24/7 for drunk kids. Fat Tuesdays downstairs. AND its right across the street from COSMO/MARQUEE! Very convenient for clubbers. However I'll only come back here if I'm planning a HUGE vegas trip with my 15+ friends and want a big suite to FSU and be close to Marquee.
4	It's center of everything!!! Make everywhere walking distance.  I think nothing is better than this.  The lobby is a little small and not as special as other hotels.  I mean decoration and the theme.  They don't have strong theme at the lobby.  Room is okay.  It's cheap I would say.  My friend got a great deal for us and it's less than 60 dollars per night.  There are not many hygiene products in hotel.  They don't have brush and toothpaste unless you ask for it!LOVE VEGAS!
4	The lady dealers rock! U most sit at 'La Ninga's table for blackjack and play roulette with Marie....very fun
2	OMG, So many issues with this place. Stayed here for a bacelorette party and we had joining rooms.1. PARKING: You park your car and you have to walk through Miracle Mile with everything to get to the hotel.2. REGISTRATION: There isn't a clear map for registration. You need to go downstairs from the big shiny ball in the Casino to get to registration. 3. ROOMS: The room looked nice but nothing worked! The TV in our room didn't work. The phone didn't have all the buttons. The lamps didn't work. There were not enough outlets. We didn't get blanket covers over the thin sheets. 4. HAIR DRYER - No hair dryer in room. You need to order it from the front desk/house keeping5. CONDIMENTS: The products provided - shampoo/lotion/soap kinda sucked. I used the shampoo and it felt like GOO. :P Come on. 6. BUFFET: Eh... see my review on that. OVERALL: Cheap price, but you would think they would keep their place stocked and working. :P
3	Didn't stay at the hotel but the casino was great!!!
4	The best part about this place is the location. It's smack in the middle of the action and you have the Miracle Mile Shops. The crowd is young -- the average age is probably 30 or less, which is perfect for me. Here's a tip (literally): try the $20 tip trick (google it if you don't know what it is). We paid for the cheapest room (Hollywood Hip room) and ended up with a corner Resort Room with a strip view and the tub overlooking the Bellagio fountains on the 19th floor. That would have costed us $200-$300 more. I'd say it's worth it, but try to find the front desk agent that's the most easy-going so that you don't fail with the upgrade attempt.About the room itself:Planet Hollywood is the old Aladdin Hotel and Casino. You can still see the the signs of it with the "magic lamp" faucets in the bathrooms. The bed is comfortable and the room is simple but nice. As far as rates are concerned, they vary day to day. From my experience, they were cheap (under $100/night) about 2 months before your check-in date, and then they slowly start going up each day all the way until the 48-hour cancellation period, where they then start having $79/night specials (which made me mad because I couldn't cancel my old reservation and rebook it). I used Kayak.com to book the rooms.The machines seemed a little tight, like most on-the-strip hotels. The poker room is laid-back with very little sharks. The rake is a little high ($5/hand) but they do have a high-hand jackpot for quads or higher (I hit a 4-of-a-kind, which is $50. No complaints from me). Waitresses and the Pleasure Pit dealers wear the skimpiest outifts. Guys, you will like. LOLThe last suggestion is the Earl of Sandwich. If you like Arby's, you will LOVE this place. I had the original roast beef sandwich and the loaded potato soup. FRIGGIN AWESOME.
4	After staying in few hotels around the strip, you were looking for a cheep hotel for the weekend.We found PH in vegas.com and booked our 2 rooms for 2 night.We found it a cheesy cool hotel that hosting a lot of early 20 yr old kids.good service and great location.I would recommend it to any 21+ kids to book at the PH.
3	I like the Planet Hollywood alot, its very young and hip. I love the Miracle Mile shops and it's across from the Cosmopolitan and Paris hotel which has great restaurants. I stayed in the PH Tower suite, 2 bedroom, 2 bath, kitchen, living --- a really great suite.What I didn't like was the front desk service and the pool bar service. Front desk was really slow, and the lady that helped us check in spoke really low, and would not bring up her volume after I told her that I couldn't hear her. The pool service was ok, it took us 45 minutes to get our food. I've stayed at several different hotels and it usually takes 25 minutes. I wasn't pleased with the wait and had to check on the food twice. And then when it came out 2 of our hot wing orders were really cold. By the time I realized it, the guy who brought it out was already gone.  If you don't care about those two things, then you'll be fine staying here.
4	I have stayed here more than 20 timeson business, every January for the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) and National Association of Braodcasters (NAB), since the hotel was named the Aladdin. It offers the Million Mile shops. The hotel offers a convenient location on the center of the strip adjacent to Paris and accross from the newest City Center (Cosmopolitan Hotels) and Bellagio Hotels. The dinner buffet is one of the best in the area. The upgraded resort rooms are extremely large if you happen to get one, with very nice large bathrooms with both a shower and separate tub. All rooms have a safe.
4	On my second trip to Vegas I stayed here with a bunch of wonderful ladies for a Bachelorette Party. We had booked four Hip Rooms and were hoping they looked as awesome online in person. They were beautiful rooms with really nice features like the bathroom. We absolutely loved having a big bathroom with a private door to shut for the toilet. It was also pretty cool to have a table and walk in shower. The location is perfect because you are in the middle of the strip and next to the Paris Hotel. You are also across the street from the Cosmopolitan and the Belligo. The pool was open when we went and while I loved the big open space they definitely need to look into putting another pool on the main level instead of in the small area where it is. They did not have enough space around the pool for anybody so everyone had to pick a chair down on the main level then walk up and down every time we wanted to go in the pool or hot tub. Planet Hollywood is connected to the Miracle Mile Shops and Restaurants which is nice because you are connected to a variety of shops and food. I would say the hotel is definitely geared more towards the 20 somethings then an older crowd because the casino, bars, and restaurants are pretty connected. That can get loud and some people may not like that. My only complaint with the hotel was that the housekeeping staff was very rude. Now I know that I am sure they do not love what they are doing but the few requests we did have were nothing major. We asked for a few extra towels in each room because all the rooms had four women staying so two towels would not be enough. They acted like what we asked for was the biggest deal in the world and were quite rude about it when they bought the towels up. The only complaint I had is that they misbooked two of our rooms and then acted like we had to deal with one king bed and a rollout for four people. That was rather rude and impossible situation. Lucky one of the ladies I went with found someone to fix the situation. They were upgrade to a suite style since they ran out of the other rooms.
3	Pros: great location for a less expensive price (comparatively). Fun casino- average age of the clientele is 25-30 at night. Great music all day long on the casino floor.Cons: the hotel room wasn't as clean as others I've been in. The shower was a little moldy and the furniture was dusty.  The wireless internet is $15 for 24 hours but has very minimal connectivity, and when it was connected it was low-very low.Overall, I'd probably stay here again because of it's central location and cheap price comparatively... just wish the housekeeping dept was a little more thorough when cleaning the rooms.
1	Dirty rooms. Really overpriced Internet in room
3	We like the mall here. There are plenty of stores and shops that "normal" people can shop. We like that there is a good mix of places to eat so we can always find something we both agree on. We also like that the V theater is here so we can decide to see a show last minute and not have to leave the mall. (sin city comedy is great)
4	This was my second time staying here. For the price and the location, I would stay here again. Really close to the Cosmopolitan, Bellagio, and that area. The casino is small, but I'm not a huge gambler (food and shows) so that was fine with me. It wasn't super smokey, for the most part. There is huge mall connected to it (The Miracle Mile), and there are some shows there as well.The room was decent sized and clean. We had the "Lost in Space" movie theme (not the show, but the one with Joey from Friend's). The bathroom was clean, the room was relatively quiet for Vegas, nice TV and enough room to sit. A fridge would've been nice, but that was extra (per night). Beds were okay, but I had a loose spring in mine. Oh well.The customer service was outstanding. The machine to print my boarding passes stole my money, so one of the employees printed it up for me. Yeah for kindness. I'll review the food separately. Tip: Check in can take a while around 4-6pm, so be forewarned. All in all, I'd stay here again in a minute.
2	Good: Good place to get a quick bite, shiny lounge, shopping area. 3rd lvl sports gambling heaven, world's quickest wedding chapel (11 minutes, TOTAL)Bad: Parking hell in the back end of the shops and valet from hell, weird entrance on the side, asian pit boss ladies.I have to be honest, I have never really like this place since PH took over Aladdin - but the improvement to the pavement inside is a little bit easier for the strollers. Anyhoo - was here for a wedding - was here the day before to scout the place out. Had to Bataan death march all over the place, but did had the chance to grab a bite at Earls. The next day - I just use valet since it's a lot closer to the chapel on the 3rd floor. After the world's most streamlined wedding - we waited longer on getting our car from the valet than the whole goddamn wedding.I have a say it's a pretty big fail on their end on a crappy layout for general parking and a retarded valet crew.
2	Casino only. Sleazy. Not classy. Was in for fifteen minutes and i had to leave. Felt dirty.
3	we were just in las Vegas for a wedding at Planet Hollywood. I've stayed at many of the hotel/casinos on the strip and Planet Hollywood is not the best but definitely not the worst. The self parking is a long walk from the hotel, so that was kind've pain. The hotel is centrally located on the strip, so it's an easy walk to most destinations in either direction. I can't really comment on the casino because I don't gamble, but we enjoyed several of the bars in the casino. There is a starbuck's in the casino which is nice, but I'm pretty sure all of the casinos have at least one. There is also a nice little mall connected to the casino with 'normal' stores, not those crazy designer stores that they have in the forum shops. Check-in and check-out were smooth and easy. Our room was average size, clean and the bed and pillows were quite comfortable. wireless internet was $14/day which is ridiculous, but luckily we had our our personal hotspot. They have a nice spa but again, the prices were ridiculous. Of course, this seems to be typical for Vegas these days.The wedding we attended here gets the record for fastest wedding ever - less than 10 minutes from start to finish, but it was a very nice ceremony and a nice little chapel (despite the shouts from those watching the NCAA tournament just outside the door) We didn't get to use the pool since it was too cool, but we did go out and check it out and it was nothing special. For the price though, this wasn't a bad place to stay.
4	Ok, first  thing you should know is PH towers West gates is now Hilton Grand Vacations Hotel or something like that,...they were changing the name the same day we arrived in Vegas Mar 22nd.  The Good: Very nice hotel! Decor is really nice and the staff very friendly! We stayed in the two bedroom suite on the 16th floor and the view was excellent especially at night! Our SUITE was huge! with a projector size TV in the living room, complete kitchen with knives, forks, spoons, cups, wine glasses, dishwasher & detergent. The bathroom has a washer/dryer that was very useful!!THE BAD: Vegas is for Partying especially on Sat night so who's bright Idea was it to make check out time @ 10AM!!! I called for a later time to check out but was told there is not a chance and that I would be charged extra just to stay till noon!...Pissed me off being that I called the day before and was told just to call @ 8am to inform them I wanted a later time so I called at 7:53 am and was told this crapp!...WE DIDN'T GO TO BED TILL 5 AM SAT NIGHT! so breaking the news to the fellaz that morning sucked!!! CHANGE THAT DAMN POLICY!! AT LEAST MAKE IT TILL NOON!! Other then that the hotel was great! Will try another one the next time though!
4	Pleasure Pit... 6 stars. Not kidding. But I digress.I don't want to repeat what has already been written about PH, so instead I'll write about the NCAA tournament "MAN CAVES" my buddies and I reserved the first weekend of games (also St. Patty's Day weekend). Our reservation was for Sunday, 3rd round of games. The man cave area was fairly empty as we figured most popular days were Thursday and Friday (more games being played).Man caves were in it's own secluded area upstairs. The area was sectioned off into 6-7 different man caves which had their own beer pong table, pool table, 4 tv's, and multiple couches. The decor was similar to the rest of Planet Hollywood, very sleek and modern. The entire area was dim. We had our own personal bar and access to our own betting counter which wasonly 6 steps away. It's all you can eat and drink for the entire day. The food was average. They had what you would expect: veggie platter, chicken wings, quesadillas, pulled pork, sandwiches, pizza and fries.Service was great. They generally walked around once and awhile to check up on us, but they were around so we found them and ask them if we needed anything. So my friend found a mid-sized basketball hoop next door (those game machines you would find in an arcade). We started playing on it and ended up spending a good portion of the day going back and forth. The employees noticed and turned on the tv's in that room. After talking with them, we found out that it was one of the "championship rooms" which basically mean a bigger man cave. It's about 4 times as big, with more couches and one additional tv screen projector. They said since no one was using it anyway, we could use both. Employees were very chill and accommodating. I would do it again, but probably catch the 2nd round Thursday and Friday games instead. More games, better value. Overall I had a great time and would recommend this for any college basketball fan.
3	This is a review for the hotel only.  Spa to be reviewed separately.  In terms of staying here as a guest this really only rates 2 stars, bathroom is nice sized, room decent, bed was very comfortable.  Honestly though, there is nothing really interesting about this place and I found it boring at best.  And cleanliness was a real issue. I did attend a conference here, and for conferences I would rate it a 4 - great sound quality and conference rooms, only downside was lack of plug space for laptops.  Hands down best food at a conference ever; this they got perfect.
1	check in process is dreadful, one staff person at the desk and over 50 guests waiting on line. a complete lack of service
4	This is a decent casino. The poker room is weak and the craps are MEH! Where they get their plus stars is from this dancer girl who is usually go-going around the center bar thing. She's blonde with a perfected bubble butt. My friends and I call her "Buttcheeks". SO BOMB! The MILF Hungarian dealer lady is awesome too. She really knows her roulette.
4	For the price, everything was pretty good. I waited a while in line to check in. It seems as if they are understaffed a little. My Dad flew in from Ohio, so we only stayed one night. We had the basic room with 2 queen beds. The room and bathroom were open and pretty big, especially the bathroom. The decor was a little cheesy, but I think that is the whole point of the casino....cheesy nostalgia. Everything was clean in our room, including sheets. Do NOT use the bar soap they provide. You will feel like every drop of moisture has been sucked from your body. If you do, use the lotion! The casino was nice. We went to a little Mexican grill on the casino floor. We both got steak quesadillas and they were awesome. They came out really quick too. They recommended those and tequitos for Poker players who need to be in and out. The only downfall was the understaff and when we checked out, the bottom floor smelled like horrible sewage. That was a huge turnoff and I wanted to leave immediately. I thought the woman walking in front of me was passing gas. lol All in all, our stay was enjoyable. We lost all of our money, but had a blast. :)
3	Went here for the buffet and although it claims to be the best on the strip, it was just OK-- pretty sure the one at MGM is better but it might just be a fluke (and I'm not one to reeeeaally judge because I mostly just go for the shrimp cocktail)It was the lunch buffet, and we got 25% off just by walking upThey have the usual Vegas-International Fanfare: Mexican, Asian, American, Italian, Seafood, etc. etc.If you are unsure about buffet food, just use my patented technique of getting whatever the hell you want and spitting out what tastes like ass instead of committing to eating the entire chunk of nasty food you lumped onto your plate-- that way you will only be eating the deliciousness you meant to serve up!Happy Buffeting Sexuals!
4	Great place to gamble, shop, grab a drink, etc.  Lost a lot of money here but overall I like the ambiance and variety of places to eat here.  If you plan on staying here, opt for Westgate- it's a little off the strip but its a lot nicer.
2	As the Hollywood stars get older and look a little worse for ware...so does this property.  I think it is time for a remodel and a refresh.  For the $100 a night I paid it might has well been the Travel Lodge.  Where do I begin??  Furniture in the room was scarred with scratches, carpet was coming apart, no outlets to plug things into, toilets that barely flush and grout missing in the shower...really.  Somebody clean the hallways for heavens sake.  I think the flat screen TV was a model that was first to come to the market, it was that old.  The parking ...what the hell is that about.  Self park is like 1/2 mile away from check in through the Miracle mile shops,  felt stupid lugging my crap through here.  No thought process in this design.  On the positive side, check in was fantastic, valet exceptional, and the shops are very nice.  Could use a couple more bathrooms.  If you get a coupon in the mail for $57 a night mid week special, that is about what the room is worth.  Sorry.
2	This may come as a shocker to you, but when I'm in Vegas, I also want to relax.  I mean, I am taking some sort of vacation.  And since I don't gamble my relaxation comes in the form of a pool.  So imagine my disappointment upon entry into what they call the pool area...Bleck.  It was just so sparse.  Lots of concrete.  Not inviting or visually pleasing in the least.  If you're lucky enough to grab one of only about 20 chairs by the pool good for you!  The pool, which ironically is called "The Pleasure Pool" is anything but pleasurable in my opinion.  Plus, to top it off, the actual pool is frigid!  I'm positive it wasn't heated and even though it was 80 degrees out, I probably could have caught hypothermia if I stayed in there longer than a minute.  They also have to be losing tons of money on the pool bar.  The service is just awful.  There's three bars in the area but only one was open.  The line was always 20ish people deep and took forever.  If you were lucky enough to find a server they'd take at least a half an hour to get you your drink.  It was not a pleasurable pool experience!I will say the rooms are nice.  The bed was comfy and the bathroom was ginormous!  There was a great soaking tub and a stand up shower.  I do wish there were ledges in the shower because shaving was pretty difficult.  They also have a separate potty room, which is always helpful if you happen to be a bathroom hog (or staying with a bathroom hog)!  Every room has a themed movie poster and props.  Ours was some random Sylvester Stallone movie we'd never heard of called Daylight.  I assume the better rooms or suites have cooler memorabilia, but it wasn't anything I'd dock stars for... Although I may add more stars if I had a Paul Rudd room!  I'm not much of a gambler, so the casino doesn't do much for me (I know, I'm in Vegas and I don't gamble, I'm a weirdo!).  I feel like each casino comes with a different vibe to it and this one gets a younger crowd for sure.  I still don't like that you can smoke in the casino and you can definitely tell their ventilator system wasn't the best.  So since I'm not a gambler, I come to shop, see shows and eat!  One of the main reasons I picked the hotel was because it was attached to the Miracle Mile Mall!  It's a great mall with affordable shopping (not like the Crystals Mall across the street with mega high end stores).  There's also a plethora of restaurants attached to the hotel that are decent.  Just a little side note, Peep Show is in this hotel.  We saw it last time we were in Vegas (kinda inspired us to stay here!) and it was an amazing time!  Although I wouldn't recommend staying here because of the show, it's worth it to stop in and walk through if you're going to the show.  We stayed at Aria the last go round in Vegas and I'd definitely stay there over PH again just for the pool alone!
5	awesoooooommmmmmmeee
5	PLANET HOLLYWOOD HOTEL & CASINOI have never stayed at the Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas, but I sure do love coming here!!! Love the colors, gaudiness, and the girls who dress in burlesque outfits and act as dealers and gogo dancers on the casino floor. It's all about the Pleasure Pit, where you can play blackjack, roulette, and other casino games, while you get super distracted by the gogo dancers gyrating to the beats of hip hop music right in front of you... after they're done, the come down, deal you cards, and take your $$$. The Spice Market is one of the best buffets in Las Vegas, also. It's cheaper and offers a wide variety of different cuisines. In addition, the Earl of Sandwich is another of my favorite stops. Excellent sandwiches if you're looking to save money. Overall, Planet Hollywood is an excellent casino to play at and offers great eye candy. At least when you lose your $$$, you won't feel as bad ^)^
2	If you're between 21-30, on a budget, like a ramen-noodle-every-night kind of budget, and you like the people shooting dice next to you ghetto-fabulious, you will love this hotel.If this doesn't describe you, I suggest you stay away. I come here once in a while to play some poker. I've had some of the best suites in this hotel and this is still my impression. And what the hell is up with their decorations in the panoramic suites, all that tacky movie memorabilia??! Who wants a room decorated with sea creatures and jumpsuits? However, two good things about PH: 1)The Buffet is great and 2) There are go go dancers in the "Pleasure Pit."Oh and this is either a big plus or a big minus: In the early AM hours, there's a gaggle of hookers that banshee through the casino floor. Have fun!
3	Going down the tubes. The place used to be owned and run by Starwood and now that it's a harrahs property it's starting it's downward fall. If u expect 4 star level luxury it's no longer here. Dirty elevators and holes in the walls of the halls. The place is becoming imperial palace fast!
1	June 29th, one night!For business, never again...OLD rooms, bad service and horrible clientele. Avoid this place if you can, it's not worth it. There IS a reason why the rates are so low.Go Cosmopolitan instead!!
4	I had low expectations coming in, but after being there for 3 nights, they are very high now. I wasn't expecting all the nice amenities PH had to offer.I suppose my visit was good because a friend of mine comes to Vegas quite often, and she spends a lot at PH to get all of the perks.We got to check in the VIP area without having to wait in line. The check-in clerk was very nice, and very cute as well. She helped us get our room, because we were in a hurry to get back out because of some arrangements we had going else where.The room we got was on the 15th floor in the panoramic room. It's basically the corner suite with the living room space covered in windows. 2 bedroom with 3 queen sized beds. One huge bathroom with a shower, hot tub, toilet, bidet, 2 sinks and plenty of room. There was a second bathroom with just a single sink and toilet. The other bathroom was about half the size of the large one. It was very clean and accommodating to our needs.It's definitely living big here if you're going all out Vegas style. I don't have a clue how much the room cost us, but it was very nice. It had a Grease theme setup with props from the movie displayed in the room.The Casino level is pretty nice, and like other casinos... smokey :( Let's just say the dry weather and smoke didn't help me in my favor.The pool on the 6th floor is very nice, and we had a cabana reserved for us. We had Malibu rum and coke and pineapple juice for us to drink. They regularly refilled our mixers and ice and asked when they noticed it looked low. Great service.The mile mall is pretty cool. Some parts of the mall make you feel like your in a different part of the world or even outdoors feeling. Great shops if you like to do that kind of thing.Overall, if I come back to Vegas, I'll be coming back here.
4	Loved, loved, loved this hotel stay. We got a room on the top floor, everything was so pretty and clean and brightly colored! The beds were comfy... although if you jumped on the foot of the bed to sit, the bed popped up! Lol. Other than that, it was fine.The bathroom was lovely. Seperate room for the toilet, see through shower, separate big tub, little TV to watch while I showered. Really enjoyed my stay here. Everything was clean and comfy!
3	Just was walking through to see what was inside.  Consider it a big mall that you can sleep at if you wished to!  Since I did not stay at the hotel itself, I can not give it any further stars.
2	Just got back from a 3 night stay at Planet Hollywood.  It was such a disappointment.  The registration lobby has this sickening sweet smell.  I'm assuming it's to mask the cigarette odor that permeates the place.  Our first room was decent enough, but the hot water didn't work in the bathroom.  We got moved to a bigger, better room the next day.  For some reason, housekeeping skipped cleaning our room and we had a shower that wouldn't drain.The pool area was awful.  You walk out from the hotel and it's just a massive deck area covered in lounge chairs.  You can't even see the pool(s) which are hidden in the far corners.  If you want a lounge by the pool, you'd best get there early or they will all be "saved."  The cabanas were $399, a padded lounge by the pool was $100, and a padded lounge on the deck were $50.  They play music on the deck which I liked, but it was a little too loud.  The spa was decent enough.  I paid $65 for a 3 day spa pass to use the gym, steam room and jacuzzi,  It was worth it to get away from the smoke and noise of the rest of the hotel.The only other good thing about was the location.  Right in the middle of the strip - easy walk to Paris/Bally's, Bellagio, and The Cosmpolitan.If you are 21-30 years of age and on a budget, it's an okay place to stay, but otherwise, stay somewhere else.
3	Stayed here on multiple occasions in the past and the hotel/casino/dining has always been a good experience.On our last trip we were on the 23rd floor and had a view of the B fountains in a larger room which was nice. They have some good casual food places such as the Earl of Sandwich (AMAZING) and Planet Dailies. Pretty good buffet aswell.Only thing we dislike is the staff, both at the reception (especially here) and the TR desk. Have had multiple problems happen on both of our last stays and the staff here is simply horrible. This would in my opinion be one of the top hotels in Vegas if it was not for the staff. Definitely one of the reasons why we will try and avoid PH in the future when we can.We usually stay on comp nights so can't really complain, however the staff is just horrible.
3	I had reserved a room at Planet Hollywood for my birthday and I was excited for the stay based on the pictures on Yelp.But that wasn't what I got.I walked into the room (which was the lowest price range) and was incredibly unhappy. The room was SMALL. The bathroom looked like a wreck and it just felt icky in there. So I called the front desk asking if I could upgrade to the next price range up (which was an extra $20/night, that sounded pretty reasonable).Extra star for letting us check in 3 hours early and for being super super accommodating with letting us switch rooms.I don't remember what the second one up is, I wish I did so it could probably help those of you looking at this review but the room was significantly bigger and the bathroom arrangement was MUCH better. It had the tub in the middle, the shower on the right and the toilet on the left as well as two bathroom sinks.The second night in, I called housekeeping for more towels. After waiting about 45 minutes with nothing, my husband called again and someone was promptly at our door within 10 minutes with not only new towels, but WARM new towels! Not really sure what happened that first time around. The Mile Shops are okay. The fact that Earl of Sandwich is open 24 hours is a nice plus. My only other complaint is that it was hard to find the room elevators in the casino.Judging by other reviews on here, it seems like your stay will be fantastic if you pick the right room price level. I'd probably give this resort another go. The stay wasn't awful and the beds were nice to sink into after a long day of walking.
3	My two girlfriends and I stayed at ph for a quick weekend getaway. The ph website only shows some of the nicer rooms...but I can only comment on the room we did stay in. The room we stayed in, 3712, was Battlestar Galactica themed. hmmm...it was small and sparse. I don't know how much the room was for two nights but I hope it wasn't too much...my friend was the one who paid for it.Also, when you valet your car, and you are not a Diamond or Platinum club member,(we were only Gold Clubbers) forget about having the best entrance, instead...expect to drag your heavy ass suitcase throughout the whole Miracle Mile Shops to get to your room. Don't know if I'd stay here again...But would definitely would stop by Earl of Sandwich!
2	Better than the Luxor, but barely!
5	I am giving the customer service of Planet Hollywood a five-star and beyond!Basic pros: location, price, easy parking, and near Miracle Mile.Why this place deserves five stars and beyond: Service!!!The valet attendants were friendly and attentive. The line to check-in (on a Friday at 4:00pm) moved quick. And when we reached the front of the line, we met Yasuko, who, without giving too much details, heard about our special occasion and, without hesitation, went to see what she can "do for you"... came back with comp upgrades. Again, this is mid-April on a weekend (sure it's only one-night), but she was so easy-going about it. Didn't make a big fuss, not slipping a twenty, etc.... Then, the manager Vickie, came by and was so friendly and personable... made us feel super comfortable and upgraded us again into really nice suites next to each other with the perfect Strip views! Again, no big fuss, was really interested in our reasons to be at the resort for that one day, and just was super cool about everything. Bring her a Starbucks coffee if you were do decide to see her. And wink. So MAJOR KUDOS to Yasuko and Vickie... and yes, she said yes. :)
2	As I like to preface my Vegas reviews with I am in Vegas - ALL THE TIME - between working there about 2 mos each year to 4-5 weekend trips a year I believe I have stayed at every hotel on the strip. While I had not stayed at PH until this trip, I have always enjoyed gambling here. The atmosphere is young, bright, nice dealers, and good music. Because of this I was excited to stay here last weekend. However I have to say I was very disappointed with my three day stay. Long story short the gambling is very good, the side attractions (food, bars, shopping) are good, rooms are well below average, and pool is horrid.The room: First off they gave me a smoking room, when I specifically requested non-smoking. YES I could have asked to be changed but after waiting 30 min to check in and then getting to the room we were excited to get out. While it was a smoking room overall the smell wasn't too bad. The room was quite large but there was a lot just a little off. Several lights didn't work (two lamps and the in-cabinet lighting), there were a lot of random chips and stains in the decorations, and the room was set up very poorly. Oh well some trips we rarely stay in the room longer than a few hours a night, but as this one was a getaway with the girlfriend and not buddies it was a little more disappointing.Next up was the pool. OK so I give the room a "2/5" but also consider the price, if you get a good price and don't care about the room that much then it is definitely workable.The pool: Summer Vegas trips are all about relaxing at the pool and this was by far the most disappointing part of the trip. The pool area is huge (football field) too bad everything except for 20% of that area is concrete without even a view of the pool. Around the pool are some sun chairs and a few cabanas. But the cabanas are purely rental (not even minimum spend such as at every other pool). The sun chairs are fairly dirty and there is not a single umbrella or other break from the sun. One redeeming quality about the pool is that the bar makes a pretty strong and tasty drink. The rest was awful and it was unbelievable that I heard they actually charge anyone not staying at the hotel to go. I would give the pool a "0/5"As I mentioned above the gaming was good - other than the blackjack tables under the go go dancers paying 6 to 5 blackjacks I really like gambling here.Everything else: I like the food here. Earl of sandwich is very good (although not the world beating place that they would make you think, good none the less). The Spice Market buffet is good too. I like the fact there is a Wal-Greens right outside and the mall is connected.As a total rewards member I was disappointed in the overall experience and won't be staying here again.
3	Awesome hotel, but I think the staff needs to wake up! We loved this location and the newer design of this hotel, compared to the other hotels for Total Rewards.  Glad that they have accommodations for wheelchair accessibility, but why did we get placed in a hotel room for the handicapped?!  I honestly don't mind, but only because shower head was oddly placed and that just makes the rest of the stay difficult.   It is no fun trying to shampoo while holding the shower head because it only reaches your shoulders. We asked for additional toiletries, but we got new towels instead.  Forget it.  The pool was small, but enough lounge chairs for everyone to share the sun.  I will come back, only because of location and its new and clean.  Regular room next time, please!
5	Staying & playing @ Planet Hollywood was AWESOME!!! When we first checked in, line was kind of long but moved quickly.. At our turn to check-in, the front desk clerk was very professional & asked when was the last time I stayed here.. Told him it was my 1st time & next thing you know I got a complimentary upgrade from Hip room to Resort Room with view of pool & Bellagio water fountain!! Of course, the $20 tip trick worked!!! Room was amazing & bathroom was HUGE!! His/her sinks!! Beds & pillows were comfortable.. ( did not want to get out if bed).. Learned 3 card poker @ the Pleasure Pit.. Lost & then won my money back.. Breakfast @ Miracle Mile Restaurants are cheap & ono!! Planet Dailies had good food too!! Will definitely be back to stay @ PH!!
4	Planet Hollywood is very accommodating to their guests! I have stayed many places on the strip and I must say this was one of my favorites! They comp'd my room, and didn't put me at the end of the hall! I love being the closest to the elevator and the ice machine!! I must say walking around the casino is very confusing, and the miracle mile shops are literally a mile around! But very fun atmosphere and helpful friendly staff :)........ps. definetly quicker to self park then valet.
5	Had a fantastic experience at Planet Hollywood on a recent stay.  Loved many things about the place:1. The rooms were beautiful and very comfortable.  Ours was decorated with Ghostbusters memorabilia which was just fun.  2. The casino was buzzing and had a young vibe.3. Ate at their restaurant several times, and while the service was slow, it was always friendly and the food was good.  Especially good for late night snacks.4. LOVED the pool area.  Amazing rooftop area, fun DJ, and plenty of chairs.5. Proximity to other fun spots on the strip, including Paris and the Bellagio.6. The concierge hooked us up with some last minute tickets to Cirque.Unfortunately, check-in and check-out seem to have quite a queue...but that may because we (like many other patrons, apparently) waited until the absolute last possible moment to check-out.
5	Didn't actually stay at this hotel for my most recent visit to Vegas but I found that I kept going back to visit it. There is so much to do inside of this hotel. Great places to eat, shop, drink and just hang out. There is a mixed crowd of people all over! The workers are super friendly and the hotel is just a great place to look at! I will be staying here next time!!
5	Love staying here! Here's why:1)  Location (is everything) *close to it all, in the heart of the strip, you can walk to the Paris, Bellagio, Cosmopolitan, City Center, Caesars Palace2)  Ultra Modern, very Clean rooms, with movie memorabilia-Beds are so comfortable, they even have a brochure about the mattress'3)  So many places to eat within the Hotel/Casino/Mall--I recommend a "Buffet of Buffets" pass $44.99, good for 24 hours at & buffets--PH (good buffet for any meal), Caesars Palace (good food, smaller selection-but tasty),  Paris (The BEST dinner buffet) Go for my Bday, since they opened! , Rio (large selection-great for lunch), & Bally's, Imperial Palace, and the Flamingo4)   Nightlife-Pussycat Dolls Burlesque Saloon, & Koi, walk next door to the Paris-Chateau Nightclub & Gardens, over the glass skybridge to the Bellagio to The Bank, Hyde, and the NEW-City Center is directly across the Cosmopolitan and Aria--no need to drive, especially if you're drinking---5)  Miracle Mile Shops--1.2 miles--170 stores, 15 Restaurants--H&M, Tommy Bahama, Steve Madden, True Religion, Sugar Factory, Club Tattoo, go for some Gelato, stop in the Wyland Gallery, and I love the ABC store--Just like Hawaii, has LV and Hawaiian items! 6) Peepshow--great show
4	Didn't stay here but came here for dinner and some gamblin... As far as hanging out here it's pretty nice, more fun then anything. Definitely a more young "clubby" atmosphere! The connecting mall is pretty nice and big. The staff were helpful in finding our restaurant and serving us our drinks as well! I think I'll stay here one day!!
5	Been staying here all week and it's the bomb!Awesome strip location, great walking distance, great eats/choices.
4	I enjoyed my stay here. It was my first time in Vegas (minus being 12 with my parents at Circus Circus) & PH was PERFECT for the younger crowd. Our room was a resort vista and it was beautiful and clean. We had a problem with the toilet, but called someone and they came to fix it right away. The drain also took a long time for the water to go down in the shower. And the TV in the bathroom didn't work. The pool area was huge but the pool itself was pretty small.The biggest problem with this place is the maze you have to go through (Miracle Mile mall) to get to the lobby to check in & out. There's an easier way if you walk outside, I discovered on my last day, but with 100 degree weather, maybe inside an air conditioned building isn't so bad.But besides that, the bed was comfortable. The temperature of the room was perfect. Awesome location right in the middle of the strip. Cheap price for the stay. Friendly/helpful staff. I would come back to Vegas and stay here again. Thanks PH!
5	I don't care what people have to say but the dealers are hot and sexy, there is a shopping mall for the ladies open til 11pm attached right to the casino and the 44.49 24 hour buffet is worth every penny if your a hungry fella like ,myself.dp
4	Stayed at this hotel twice? I think twice. Rooms are comfortable and clean! Bathrooms are clean, and HUGE! Perfect for the ladies like myself who likes to bring out the full glam treatment for Vegas! The only downfall I would say is that you don't get daily turnover. Or at least, our room never really got a turnover. Mostly though, this is the most convenient hotel I had ever stayed at. It's easy to get food at any hour, you can get your daily Starbucks, and the mall is attached to the hotel. Plus, it's not cheesy and dirty, and you don't get the stroller and children crowd here. Most people staying here seem to be younger, but not completely party crazy. The dealers in the Pleasure Pit are cute and really friendly.
1	Stayed there 5/28-5/30 and was the worst vegas hotel Ive ever stayed at! Coming from SoCal we go to Vegas a lot and usually stay at the Mirage but wanted to try something new..what a mistake! First they put us in a smoking room even though our reservation was for non smoking, when I inquired about this they said there was nothing they could do until the next day. The room smelled smokier then the casino floor! There was trash on the floors and glow sticks around the room! While the bathroom was spacious it was also filled with someone else's hair! Eek! The shower and tub had a fair amount of hair dried to them, super disgusting. The valet took 50 minutes to get our car, service at 3 am at Planet Dallies was horrendous and both them and the buffet were way over priced. We got a cheaper meal at the Bellagio that was sooo much better! We will never stay there again! Was also promised many times a supervisor would call about our issues but of course that never happened! Zero stars if I could!
4	Didn't stay here, but got to hang out for a while. Played some cards and had a few drinks.. Won at blackjack, so it was a good visit. After i doubled my trip value, we walked over to P.F. Changs and had a few cocktails and appetizers.. Then the night got a little fuzzy....
5	I love Planet Hollywood.The location is perfect, right smack in the middle of the strip hotel is clean, you have mostly your younger crowd that's staying here cute/spacious roomsyou have your mall attached to the hotelKoi Restaurant upstairs/ P.F. Changs downstairsand affordable pricing on roomsPERFECT!
4	The suites here are awesome! I love the projection screen that drops down! The rooms are spacious and beds are really comfortable. It is also really affordable if you split the suite with a lot of friends. They also put us on the top floor which was really nice and the views were amazing.  Earl's is located right downstairs which is convenient because you know you'll get hungry after a long night of clubbing or gambling! The only bad thing is the walk from the hotel to the strip! I would definitely stay here again!
3	Stayed here on my last voyage to Vegas.  Mostly I picked this place because we were staying for 4 nights and it was the cheapest one out of a group of hotels I usually like to stay at.  Checking in was easy and although I booked a room with a strip view I was offered a room that had a view of the fountains at the Bellagio for $30 a night.  Now that I think about it I should have just saved that money and stayed in whatever room I booked because the actual window was fairly small and you could basically see the fountains and part of Paris.  Not really worth the $30 upgrade charge.The room was nice and somewhat clean.  One of the bedside tables was dusty throughout our stay and I believe we got clean sheets twice.  For what I paid I suppose I shouldn't be expecting more.  My complaints....when we tried ordering room service no one picked up the line.  I had to call twice to get someone to answer.  Then a day before check out I went to the hotel lobby to request a late checkout because our flight was a little bit later in the afternoon.  The person working the front desk said I would have to call back in the morning to request it.  When asked how early is early because I could call at 4am if I had to I was told "just call early".  So I call that night at midnight and they only gave me an hour extra...not a lot but two hours would have been perfect.Overall it was a good stay but I feel that for the extra money spent upgrading I should have stayed across the street at one of the City Center hotels.  Live and learn I guess.
2	My first impression of this hotel was that it was really nice and clean.  The location is perfect...right smack dab in the middle of the strip.  When we finally got our room. It was alright. Flat screen tv, king bed but disappointed there was no fridge in the room. Bathroom was huge. Separate tub, shower and toilet area was a plus. There were some things that gave me the heebie jeebies tho. One being what looked like a bullet hole covered with tape and some splatter which to me looked like blood on the lamp shade near said bullet hole and on the bathroom walls.  It was room 1158.Obviously the maid service isn't up to par. There was several days where we missed the morning cleaning cause hello it's Vegas. Who gets up early in Vegas?  Not a big deal. I was able to catch the grouchy maids in the hallway to get fresh towels. The mall has a great selection of stores and places to eat.  Oh and there's a strip club in the mall. Not my cup of tea but I'm sure a plus to some. Despite my complaints above,  this is a nice hotel but probably would not want to stay here again.
4	Took my sister on her first Vegas trip and wasn't sure where to stay and since i haven't stayed here yet, why not! So glad we did cause she loved it, from the music they play throughout the casino and the vibe of the place ,which seems to attract early to mid 20 year olds, since we are in that age group, it was a good place to stay. We arrived at 8am and asked to check in but they only had smoking rooms available so we just checked in but had to wait til 12 to get our rooms which we figured was gonna happen so we put our bags away and came back at 1 and got our rooms right away.The rooms were clean with minor problems,In my sister and cousins room their light in the restroom wasn't working for some reason but, the maintenance guy came up to fix that right away and in mines and my bf room our toilet was having issues and our water pressure was weak in the shower, but their bathroom is really spacious which i liked! We loved the location it's right across from the city center and the Miracle mile shop is connected to the hotel and lots of places to eat. I would stay here again!
3	where to start? check in was super easy and fast, we arrived at 630am but check in was at 3pm, we were given early check in and upgraded to a fountain view room for an additional $100 a night, which im now seeing was a rip-off; the normal rate is $20-50/night. Im not gonna lie the view was great......... if the windows were not covered in spots! One of the lamps didn't work because the cord was completely cut. Went to take a nap and the pillows reeked of mildew, like they had been left in the washer for WAY too long. Called housekeeping to get them replaced, they said it would be a few mins then the head of housekeeping came to our room to tell us there was a delay but it wouldnt be more than 30 mins, 2 hours later called housekeeping again and they had completely forgotten. We eventually got new pillows but I shouldnt have to call that many times. I went to take a shower and it was completely clogged and started filling with water immediately. The location is great though!! Ohhhh I almost forgot, they are eco-friendly so if you want new linen everyday you must specifically request it. I expected more. oh ya no fridge, so bring a cooler if you wanna keep your drinks cold, we used the trashcan lol
2	I would give y'all 4 stars only if y'all had iPod dock. Just saiyng.... It would be nice to have some tunes in my room. We are not in the 20th century get with it. Decent pool to work on your tan but not for partying. Earl of sandwich is the bomb!
3	I've only gambled here and went to the buffet.  It seems like I can never win here...it took a long time for anyone to fix the machine that I was playing and then in the end they still had trouble fixing it.  I wouldn't consider the hotel to be fancy... it's really just OK.
1	The hotel is dirty and run down.  The hotel was overbooked and could not accomodate our request for 2 beds despite having 3 people in the room and were in no way apologetic.  The front desk staff was unhelpful and very snotty. No fridge.  Not even a coffee maker in the room.  The casino seemed much smokier than all the others. Would not stay here again
4	For the price it's definitely worth it but the rating is closer to 3.5 stars.My family and I got 2 rooms (hollywood hip standard room) on the 23rd floor which was the top level for the south elevators.  During check in we received a smoking room because it was the only one available but they said some people don't smoke in the room.  The room was definitely bad but to be expected considering it was a smoking room anyways.Other than that our rooms were clean and housekeeping always came late in the day around 2pm or later.  We did have some problems in just one room where the bathroom lights turned off.  We called maintenance and they told us to press the reset button. Three calls later they finally worked but we also told maintenance that our shower head had no water pressure.  Within an hour they had someone up to fix it and it was a lot better.  The hotel room was spacious but had absolutely no drawer space, the bathrooms are quite large and having a separate bath and shower was definitely nice.  The toilet had a door but had no fan or light switches from inside.  The pool sucks so stay elsewhere if that's a priority.Overall this hotel was great for the price and the convenience of having the miracle mile and earl of sandwich was one of the main reasons why we chose to stay here.  I would come back if I got a nonsmoking room and I was on a budget.
3	Not the best place on the strip, but not the worst. Planet Hollywood's existence is the result of The Aladdin, having occupied the property before, doing a terrible job of making the 1001 Nights theme work (personally I don't know how one screws up one of the richest, most evocative and imagination capturing motifs ever, but there you go). That being said the casino is a bit dark and not so well plotted out. Also I am somewhat annoyed whenever Los Angeles (with its Hollywood theme) tries to impose itself on Las Vegas, but maybe that's just me. Still worth a look.
5	Great room. Stayed 6-17/6-19. Nice staff. Would def go back!
1	I was unfortunate enough to stay at the Planet Hollywood Hotel/Casino in Las Vegas. When making the reservation I was looking forward to the opportunity to try out one of the few hotels of Harrahs I have not stayed at yet, as my family and I regularly stay at Caesars, Flamingo, Ballys and Harrahs in both Vegas and Laughlin. In addition, I know Planet Hollywood has a reputation for catering to a younger crowd. Upon arrival, we were forced to drive around the poorly designed parking structure for over 10 minutes trying to find a spot - unacceptable for the hotel, casino and shopping experience the Planet Hollywood claims to be. Once parked, we made the 15 minute, very confusing, trek with our luggage to hotel check-in. Not only were there very few signs directing us on how to get to hotel check-in from the parking structure, we were faced with 2-3 uneducated employees who each pointed us in a different direction. One employee simply responded "who knows I have only worked here a week". Once arriving at hotel check-in, we were told we would be upgraded to a "strip view" room with a view of the Bellagio fountains, needless to say we were ecstatic as it was both mine and my boyfriends first stay at this hotel. This excitement was short lived, upon arriving to the room we found the furniture covered in what looked to be body fluid stains, poorly patched up holes in the bathroom doors, a dirty sink and tub, chipped & damaged furniture, a television without a working remote, a noisey toilet that kept running our ENTIRE stay, etc. I really could go on and on. In addition to all these, we were disappointed to learn our "Strip View" was out of a dirty window smaller than our television screen. I feel sorry for your guests who actually pay for this upgrade expecting a "view". We put all this past us and went down to the Miracle Mile shops for some shopping, dinner and drinks. Again, we were presented with uneducated staff who couldn't tell us where Fat Tuesdays, Victoria's Secret, or if there was a Bath and Body Works located in the mall - we were simply told "I don't know, go find a map". The only person who was of any assistance to us was one of the non-english speaking janitors who my boyfriend was able to communicate with in spanish and could properly direct us to Fat Tuesdays. Upon arriving back to our room around 6am, we were kept awake by what sounded like trucks driving over our room, we then realized that the monorail drives behind Planet Hollywood and what I am to assume to be directly above or behind our room. In addition to this, we were disgusted by the ill fitting sheet on our king size bed, which left a large piece of mattress uncovered at the foot of our bed, because of this we were forced to sleep with on top of the sheets without covers. We finally gave up and joined my family who were smart enough to stay at the South Point Hotel. We spent most of our day there getting some rest and real relaxation. We went back to our room at Planet Hollywood around 4pm on Saturday to again hear the non-stop monorail. We went downstairs to give shopping and dinner in the miracle mile shops another try. We went to the Cabo Wabo restaurant and received some of the WORST service I have ever experienced. Both my boyfriend and I have worked in restaurants while going through college, both of us being Corporate Trainers for well known, national restaurant chains - the service we received was UNACCEPTABLE. We had to ask for my drink 3 times because our server kept forgetting it, my boyfriend's food came out covered in cheese even though we requested it without (as he is lactose intolerant, which we told the server) and when we asked one of the hostesses where we could find the "rain show" she responded "I don't know I don't work in the mall" which was confusing to us as Cabo Wabo is listed as being located in the Miracle Mile shops. We gave up and went back to the room around 11pm and forced ourselves to sleep through the noise of the running toilet and monorail. We awoke at 8am the next morning almost immoble from the completely worn in bed. I travel quite a bit for work and have NEVER woken up in so much pain from a mattress. I am extremely disappointed in the Planet Hollywood and the Harrah's Corporation for allowing an experience like this. I have had great experiences in the past with your other hotels but am at the point where I don't feel I could ever stay at another Harrah's resort. I spent $250 on a room that I could barely spend any time in. I will NEVER stay at the Planet Hollywood again and most likely will NEVER stay at another Harrah's Corp hotel again. For an industry based on customer service and a great customer experience the Harrah's Corporation has failed! Like I state in my subject I am very disappointed and upset I spent my hard earned money on such a terrible experience.
3	My mom got offered a couple free nights at Planet Hollywood Hotel, so we thought we'd give it a shot.  The hotel lobby is below the casino floor level and actually kind of far from the parking lot.  We arrived before check-in, which is at 3 p.m., so we did a pre-check in.  At 3 p.m., all we had to do was pick up the keys.  I would definitely recommend this if you can arrive a little bit earlier, because the line to check-in at 3 p.m. was really long.  The hotel room was pretty average, nothing too fancy.  The pillows don't seem as plush as many of the other hotel's that I stayed at.  The bathroom is pretty large and has a tub (but I never really care for bathtubs at hotels, it just seems a bit yucky).  Instead of a large bathroom, I would have preferred the room itself be a bit bigger or have a couch.  The pool area (sixth floor) was pretty boring compared to other pools in Vegas.  It's mainly a concrete covered roof area with lawn chairs.  There are two pools.  One pool had really loud music blasting and it was considered 21+.  The other pool was the "family pool" and was a bit calmer.  The pool isn't really big enough to swim much, most people are just standing there, drinking Budweiser.  Not an amazing pool, but it works.  Overall, the hotel is pretty average.  It's clean and nice enough; the greatest thing about it is that it's central location, right in the middle of the strip.  At the price of free, I can't really complain.  Notes:-They offer free coffee (caffeinated and decaffeinated) that you can make with the provided coffee maker.
4	One word: LOCATION! Everything is within walking distance. We stayed in the "Bill and Ted" room with a strip view. Nice and clean with a HUGE tub! Big enough for two :) Separate toilet and shower, no fan for the toilet which is a bummer. The casino is always hoppin' at night, with a nice younger vibe. We were able to have an early check in at no extra cost. Definitely recommend using the valet because the garage is quite the trek from the hotel lobby.
4	Just a quick note, before I start with my review:  The hotel entrance is off of Harmon not Las Vegas Blvd.  I was so confused because off of the strip, you see all these different shops but no vehicle entrance.  Make sure you head to the valet entrance since it's free in Vegas.  All you have to pay is the tip!  So, valet and let those nice bell boys help you out with your bags.As we were coming to Vegas for a bachelorette party, and we are the bridesmaids, we had packed the car to the brim with enough gift bags, booze, snacks, decorations, and suitcases for the weekend.  Our bellhop was amazing and helped grab every little flowery gift bag (there were 22 of them) and wheeled all our stuff to our rooms.This was the first time I stayed at the Planet Hollywood, but since the remodeling and transformation from the Aladdin, I expected it to be pretty nice.  We had four different rooms, so I went and peeked into each one just to check it out.  I loved that every room had a different movie theme, our's was Lost in Space.  There were some random movie posters on the wall and memorabilia scattered throughout the room.The restroom area has a huge vanity counter and mirrror, a large jet jacuzzi tub, shower, and toilet.  The layout was much nicer than most other hotels, and was incredibly spacious.  Since we had 4 girls to a room, space was definitely a necessity.Some of the girls became a little frantic when their room keys didn't work as a result of them placing the cards next to cellphones and credit cards.  We went downstairs and the guy at the front desk got us two keys very quickly.I love that the hotel is connected to the Miracle Mile shops.  There are so many different stores and restaurants to keep a shopaholic busy for days.  It's also convenient to not have to leave your hotel to go buy some last minute accessories for your outfit or grab a quick smoothie from Jamba Juice.The Planet Hollywood is also in the middle of the strip which makes it super convenient to get from one hotel to another.  Although, we went when it was over 100 degrees every day, so we took taxi cabs instead.I really enjoyed our stay at the Planet Hollywood, but after this trip, I realized that my body is getting old and I can't really hang in Vegas anymore.  How sad.  For all you young'uns, party on for me!
1	Gross, just gross. Run down to the extreme and stinks of cigarettes. Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else.
1	Horrible serviceValet lost our car and forced us to change our flight
2	The Pleasure Pit and Earl of Sandwich would be my favorite highlights.  The hotel is connected to the Miracle Mile shops which is convenient and I like that the hotel is pretty central on the strip.  I am an asthmatic and the smoke seems so much worse here than other hotels/casinos.  Bring your eye drops.  PH should invest in some sort of ventilation system.  The decor seems outdated. The carpets in the halls need stretched and the rooms' bathrooms redone. The bathrooms are large with a tub, but who uses a tub in a hotel anyway.  I would rather a double sink or vanity area to make getting ready easier.  Also there is no closet only a small armoire.  I thought the room was good.  It was clean and the beds comfortable.  It has the perfect amount of amenities since you spend almost no time in there. I wish the rooms' windows were larger and more centered on the wall so you can see the view.  The pool is pretty private (on the 6th floor) and I like that they have two separate pool areas; one is 21+ and the other a family pool. The adult pool has a DJ most days of the week but it's still a far cry from the other party pools. This is more of a pool to relax. I was shocked that for such a lack luster experience you have to pay so much for beds/cabanas at the pool.  They were running a spa deal for $99 if you choose at least $200 in services. With this you also get to spend the day using the other spa amenties (gym, hot tub, showers, steam room and sauna).  The deal seemed good but after my facial I only stayed an hour because I ran out of things to do.  What they should do is get rid of Koi (Its so bad they give out free open bar all night every night to everyone- males included)  and revamp the spa area.  It is outdated.  Although I haven't been, I heard Aria has great spa amenities such hot stone beds, a pool, etc. and the things I mentioned above.  The gym at PH costs $25 a day and I'm not sure why.  It has less equipment than a Holiday Inn.
3	So pissed that the wi-fi is $12 bucks a day!!! What's worse is that there is no 3G reception anywhere in the area. I'm personally convinced that they jam it intentionally. They really need to learn that $10 bucks for a friggin jack and coke and no Facebook, etc is going to prolong their recession and ultimately burn them.I for one will absolutely not come back to Vegas for at least a couple of years due to the extortionistic prices and tactics.Nice roomsNice pool but it closes too earlyThe cheeseburger restaurant has awesome bloody mary's!
1	Would never stay here again. No mini fridge, no ice machine so were forced to by their $14 dollars drinks, gym pass $25 for one day, their spice buffet was overpriced and bland, the pool sucked ass, it was basically a lot of concrete with two olympic pools! If I had money to throw away I would never spend any money on a so called cabana! Worst experience ever!
1	Easily the second worst hotel that I've stayed at on the strip.  Most everyone that I encountered who worked at that hotel seemed to hate his/her job.  Our room on the 31st floor seemed like a quick and shoddy cover up of what used to be the Aladdin hotel. The closet door barely hung on its hinges, the walls were scuffed up, and the bathroom was grimy. Not to mention that there was barely any water pressure in the shower.   It was just plain gross and all of a sudden I feel itchy just recalling it.  As if all that wasn't bad enough, housekeeping kept making our bed with sheets that were too short for our king sized bed.  We could feel the exposed mattress at our feet and this occurred again the day after we had to remake the bed ourselves. The front desk would not answer the phone after multiple calls and I suppose something could have been done had we gone to the front desk to raise a stink in person but frankly it wasn't worth the effort.  Planet Hollywood, you tricked me with your casino glitz that misled me in believing you'd be a decent stay but now I know that the only thing worth coming back to this hotel for is some Earl's sandwich.
2	I am a hotel brat. I totally get that Vegas is not my cup of tea when it comes to 'service' in hotels. They have more of a motel service guide. And thats anywhere you stay in vegas. They have a revenue driven mentality. Heads in beds = Money.I booked us a room here and i got a pretty good deal. $400 bucks for a 2 night stay. NOT BAD. The room was spacious, the hotel was centrally located, and it was decent for 5 girls. This place is a dump. It needs to be redone. Its so old and disgusting. The paint was coming off. The toiletries were just.... not up to par to a hotel standard. More like Motel 6. This place was just so bad... that i wanted to leave to the Mandarin Oriental and leave my crew behind and just stay in my own room during our trip. This place is decent, but it needs some work. Quality work.
4	Some of the bloom has fallen off the rose for me when it comes to this place.  I'm still a fan, and I'll continue to stay here sometimes, but I've got some gripes:We had a confirmed reservation for a room with two queen beds.  When we arrived to check in, admittedly a little late in the day on a Friday, they had no such rooms and placed us in a room with one king bed and brought up a roll-away.  The promised to move us to a room with two queen beds the following day.When we went to registration the following day, admittedly late in the day, we were told the only room with two queen beds available was a smoking room.  After asking to be placed in another property, if necessary, a non-smoking room with two queen beds was located on the property.  At this price point, the rooms are good sized, especially the bathroom.  However, some of the beds are beat.  When I stayed here in January, my bed was beat.  The bed in the first room we had on this trip was beat, too.  To be fair, my bed in the second room was fine.  The hallways look a little run down and dated. To me, they look dark and dingy, and the AC in the hallways could be improved in places.  Check out was slow.  The express check on the TV did not work the last time we stayed here, and it didn't work this time, either.  To me, there is no excuse to have customers cued up in a long line to check out if you don't have the registration desk fully staffed.  People have planes to catch and what not, and a long check out doesn't help.  Parking is a drag here, no other way to say it.  The structure is not huge, and on a busy weekend, it takes time to find a place to park.  Once you park, you have to hike the "miracle mile" through the "Miracle Mile" shopping mall to get from the parking structure to the casino and hotel.  It's not the worst thing in the world, but I can make it painful to leave the property if you want to use your own wheels to go places during a stay.
4	I stayed here for the first time just recently!  The location is perfectly in the middle of the strip across from Cosmopolitan and there are the Miracle Mile Shops located inside plus Starbucks, Earl of Sandwich, and many other restaurants.  My first interaction with Planet Hollywood was over the phone when I tried to book my room for a lower rate.  I booked it early in advance and I saw a price drop on their website so I decided to call them to see if they could honor the summer promotion offer.  They gladly offered it to me for even cheaper than the website rate and they were SO nice about it!  I received a confirmation email within minutes of the phone call and I always felt like a valued guest over the phone, which is kind of rare nowadays with any kind of customer service.  Upon arriving in Las Vegas, it was slightly confusing finding the valet parking area/entrance to the lobby, but we made it there in one piece.  We stayed in the Hollywood Hip room with two queen beds.  The bathroom was huge, but a downside is there are not enough outlets in the room especially near the big mirror in the hallway to allow us to get ready efficiently. Also, the pool situation is kind of awkward.  There are two pools located on opposite ends.  Not sure if this is the case for other hotels on the strip or not, but if you want to lounge near the pool, you have to pay for a bed or a cabana all day.  The other lounging area with just regular lounge chairs is in the middle between the pools, but not anywhere near the pool so if you want to check it out, you might have to leave your stuff unattended or someone has to stay behind to watch it.  All in all, it was a good experience especially for a decent rate and great location!
4	The Good: This is a very nice and well maintained hotel. It's placed at a great location on the strip. Earl of Sandwich is here! The dealers are attractive. The bedrooms with 2 queen sized beds are VERY roomy and comfortable. The beds are soft and the blankets are nice. They give you extra blankets if you ask for them.The Bad: The toilets in the rooms are a little under powered. It's confusing to walk around the "mall" area inside.The Ugly: I lost $200 on black. Screw you, roulette.The Verdict: I would love to return and stay here with either family or friends. I recommend this hotel to everyone because it's affordable, comfortable, and convenient.Considering my previous hotel experience in Las Vegas was at The Flamingo, Planet Hollywood is practically paradise.
4	Surprised that I liked staying at this place not thinking what it was about.  Easy access to the strip and street for taxis.  Good places to eat.  Didn't do the shopping but it's a nice feature, good location.  Got a room for pets so it was oversized plus it was free for 3 nights.  Nice roomy bathroom, beds could be more comfortable and I'd recommend coffee machines in the room.
1	I'm writing this as a warning to anyone who is thinking of staying at Planet Hollywood.. Don't do it! A friend of mine contracted SCABIES after three days of staying there. Good luck.
4	The casino has nice tall ceilings and there wasn't a ton of smoke. We gambled here a bit before seeing the show.
2	Stayed here for 3 nights.POSITIVES- Great cleaning crews. Very quick to get extra blankets upon requests.- Location is awesome on the strip, very close to the Cosmopolitan and Bellagio.NEGATIVES- Out of the 6 elevators that were there for each section of the building, it seemed like only 2 were operating. In my 3 days there, I had to run up or down to the 12th floor 4 times. That's unacceptable.- The valet took upwards of 30 minutes to get the vehicle ready.- The bathroom doesn't have any locks. So if you stay there with other people, it's free game for who can go in. The toilet itself is separated but the shower is in the same room as the washroom so it makes it difficult to do both simultaneously if you want privacy.
4	The rooms are the most glorious but great bathrooms and it seemed nice enough.  The hotel hallways need some updating and I wish the pool was still upbeat in the off seasons like in Feburary.  We have stayed at others that keep the pools going... but still nice to be able to sit in it at least... even without it being truly "open" with all the bells and whistles.  Great atmosphere in the casino... Love the lights and sparkles and the pleasure pit.  I enjoyed the younger feeling of this casino.  Love the mile shops... great location...
4	$20 dollar trick works wonders. Got the resort class room and the space was surprisingly roomy. I usually stay at the Westgate Towers (now Elara) and got spoiled by their price for space ratio but I wasn't upset with this 540 sq. ft at all. It fit seven people quite comfortably and there are two sinks.That and I love Earl of Sandwich, the line is so fast and the food is actually cheap for being on the strip. Bad thing is that they charge for the roll out bed but I heard that it depends on the person you are talking too so just be nice I guess.
4	Came for Earl of Sandwich and went to the pool. The pool was free didn't ask for room key or anything, just walked straight in. Has two pools, one which is for all ages and another for just 21 and older. Both pools were pretty packed and it was hard to find some chairs. When you first walk into the pool area there's a big section for just tanning, pools are on the left and right. Earl of Sandwich of course is a must and it's really cheap.Lots of shops and has a Fat Tuesday! so get drunk while shopping and grab some Earl's!
3	For the price of this hotel, it was not the nicest place to stay. First, the hotel only has valet. If you want to Self Park, you must park on the north end of the shops and walk a good 10-15 min. through the shops with your baggage, past Elara, then through the mazed ridden hotel, down elevators, etc.... to get to front desk. When we got there at 4:50 PM, our Resort room was not going to be ready until 6 PM. What a crock for a Friday when you are trying to get ready for dinner and check in is at 3 PM. The guy at the desk was rude and I had to ask him what the final cost was, after he already ran my card, then ask for my receipt, then ask where I could place my bags until the room was ready. Very unprofessional gentleman. After we got to the room, the hallway was smoky, which seeped into our non-smoking room.That was the worst during our stay there. You expect to not smell smoke in your room, but it was always lingering. The Resort room was nice and large for us 4 girls. Beds were comfy. And the hotel is conveniently located on the strip. Going to the North Tower rooms, we always got lost finding it though. The lack of signs pointing you in the right direction was a pain. The pool has a weird set up. It's on the 6th floor and when you walk out its all white concrete with surrounding rows of chairs. We first thought, great, there's plenty of seating! Then, "where's the pool??" Both the east and west end have a small pool, one that has a platform into it for Sat. bikini contest. All the cabanas surrounding the pool were occupied, but no chairs. So you can't lay by the pool, you have to walk down the stairs and lay out with the boring concrete. No site to see whatsoever. BORING. And you have a DJ at both pools and one in the middle, so laying out you hear a mix of music which can get annoying. But no kids were there that I saw. Only grown men that feel it's appropriate to play with beach balls and do cannon balls into the pool, splashing you and getting water into your drinks. The all you can eat buffet downstairs is amazing though! And Earl's is pretty good too. When searching for a hotel for this weekend, Venetian was running the same $, if not less expensive price for their Bella Suite, which is 200 sq. ft. larger than the Resort room at PH. We all agreed we'd never stay at PH again and should have stayed there. Elara was really nice when I stayed in their 2 bdrm suite a few years ago and from what I hear, that used to be PH's.
3	Stayed here 7/21 and 7/22 in the hip room and I am a total rewards member. Booked my room for $100 sat and $35 sun. Good parts:-Location is in the middle of the strip-Free upgrade to a strip view-Bathroom size-Earls and the ABC store-Great selection of food and drinks for cheap-Coctail waitresses at the casino were AMAZING! Brought drinks to us in less than 10 minutesBad:-Housekeeping was horrible-They brought us a fridge with puke on the side of the door....not kidding-Noisy room if you are facing the pool-the pool sucks-We had a smoking room and since they were sold out they couldnt move us-The matress was super oldI would stay here again but I would never pay more than $100 a night
5	We stayed here January 2012 and loved it! We are faithful Harrah's Properties guests and they comp us very fairly! This was our first PH stay and we really enjoyed it! My partner and I are both in our 40's and come to Vegas twice a year. We found PH to be young and hip and very Vegas... We liked the energy and style. Service was good right from the front desk and everywhere there after. The location in the center strip can't be beat and the views can be spectacular. Definately request strip/fountain views. The room was cleaned to our satisfaction daily though maybe showing some nicks and dings and wear... We will not complain because the price was great and the suite pretty darn awesome. We asked for a Panarama Suite and got 1601 on the 16th floor ...facing MGM/NYNY etc but the panaramic view was wonderful! We watched sunsets and rises and the strip lights...awesome! Be sure to soak in the huge tub! Use the wet bar for evening parties and coffee in the morning! The beds were comfortable and above average but maybe could be more luxurious? Lots of high styled furniture and movie memorabilia! We found we stayed in the room more than on trips when we stay in lesser rooms. The Miracle mile shops will keep you captivated for days... And the food choices are plentiful! Both offer a a range of price from very affordable to higher end. Again, we found ourselves more content staying on the property this trip due to all it had to offer! I will attach a few pics and hopefully a video tour of the room... Lastly, we are BIG Vegas fans... We come and stay often and we must say PH gets 2 big thumbs up for value, location, service and fun!
4	The only reason why I'm giving this hotel four stars is the fact that my group and I stayed in a beautiful suite! We had more than enough room and I think that having the suite made our stay more enjoyable.One star off because of the ridiculous wait time to get into our room. I had called the hotel the day before stating that we would be arriving at a certain time . They assured me that the suite would be available as soon as we got there. Lies. We did not get to check in until 2 hours later.. But all in all , aside from the miscommunication , I had a wonderful time here.It's smack dab in the center of the strip. And you don't have to travel far to get to the mall because there is one inside of it! Haha
3	Pros: Reasonably pricedLocation (across from City  Center and Belagio, next to Paris)Easy check in/check out (arrived at 4PM on a Saturday and the room was ready)Great buffet (champagne brunch)Great steak house (Strip)Large bathroom with a lot of counter space (ladies... for our makeup, hair products and everything else we bring along)Peep Show was fun and entertaining (seriously, other reviewers, it's Holly Madison...what were you expecting?)Cons:No A/C in hallways or elevatorsA/C in room does not get very cold Furniture is old, scuffed (found hair in drawer! OMG!)Matress is lumpyThin wallsWe had a strip view room. Great view of Belagio fountains! The bast part was (and I would highly recommend if you like to people watch as much as I do) we had a view of the 21+ pool! Watching guys fist pump as girls tried to get away...priceless!Weird thing that happened... (Stayed 3 nights). After housekeeping cleaned the first time, they took all our washcloths. After the second time, they took all our hand towels! The last day we were there, we were left with only 3 bath towels???
2	Only stay here if you get the room for FREE!We stayed (and paid what we thought was a good rate for the center of the strip) 7/21-7/24, could not have been a worse stay.  Like many people have said previously, the auto entrance to PH is not from the strip, you enter from Harmon Ave, then you have to pick between the Valet at the check-in area or Self Park which is way far from the check-in (you trapes through the Mircle Mile Mall to get to the front desk.  Its very confusining. A quick note on the Valet...they lost our car one time, found it after 30 minutes, later they were rude when I asked if my car had been brought up yet..."yes, I called out your name and you did not answer"...the car was pulled up far away from the valet area.Ok, now for the room experience...we checked in between 3-4 pm and received the keys to our standard room, got up to the 32nd floor...the room is small looked old and not kept up.  First thing we noticed was that there is VERY LITTLE drawer and closet space...then we noticed that the Armoire had two doors RIPPED OFF.  We went down to the front desk and reported the condition and asked for a new room.  We got the keys to the new room, 20th floor...actually a worse room!  The only thing better was this was a View room of the Bellagio fountains.  Still small, the armoire had the doors, but still very little space to unpack.  Here is where it get's worse, the view would have been fine if the shades on the window would work, they were down and would not go up.  They were very old and frayed.  Called maintaince, we also needed them to replace the shower head (it was old and corrded) and clear the bathroom drain (it was very slow).  Then later in the stay the old phone in the room died and we had to get maintaince again!The Hotel lay out is horrible, I am used to casino's being hard to figure out and get through (till you get used to them), but with mall being part of it, makes it worse.  Actually what really makes it bad is that they give you a "map" to the property that is probably the WORST HOTEL MAP I have ever seen.  It covers the bottom 3 floors of the hotel, lobby, casino and mezzanine.  What made the map so bad was that all 3 floors were placed on the map facing a different direction...THEY DO NOT RELATE TO EACH OTHER!  There is no compass (North) direction for you to reference!  Also they do not give directions to the pool (on the 6th floor roof) I will talk about that later.We went down on Sunday to speak to a manager about the problems we had and the (top) manager on duty (Rodrigo?) was worthless, he offered us $25 credit at the property for our bother.  When we asked him about the Surf show playing at the hotel, he had no idea what we were talking about, much less to be able to get us a discount on tickets.  We had to go to "Tix4Tonight" to get 1/2 off the tickets to the show Monday night (it was a good show, but less than half full!).  The pool's are smallish, one for family's the other for adults, with very little space around each pool to lay out (unless you pay $50+ for a bed or cabana).  There is a huge lounge area away from the pools, but you are away from the pool,  it is dirty and old.I guess if you are a single 21-25 year old, this would be an acceptable place to stay on the strip, but otherwise pass (especially if you are in the late 40 to early 50 range).
3	To christen our inaugural trip to Vegas, my gf and I decided to book a hotel that neither one of us had stayed at before. A few clicks around the internet later, and we found a pretty solid deal for two nights here. No perks, but the price seemed reasonable for what looks like a great resort online. Whatever you do, DO NOT self park when you get here. You're probably thinking what I was thinking when I pulled up, which is that valet service probably isn't free, plus I just don't like handing my keys over to some knob so he can mess with my seat positioning and AC. So, we drove off the park ourselves... and wound up knee-deep in the Miracle Mile shops, where I proceeded to haul our bags for what seemed like all 5000+ feet of it before finally hitting the check-in station below. They were, of course, out of king beds for the room we booked, but the woman offered to upgrade us to a larger room with a king for no additional fee; the only downside being that it was a smoking room. We accepted, since Vegas is typically good at making sure smoking rooms don't smell like you'd expect them to. Our room was Wheel of Fortune themed. Kinda rad, even if I do think the show is lame. The round display case which held a board tile lit up neon green at night. That was cool, made for some nice ambiance. The room itself wasn't very clean. To the eye it was, but it could've definitely used some serious dusting. Here are a few cons:- What is the point in boasting that there's a 42 in. plasma TV in my room when every station it gets is in standard definition? That's like saying you have all the latest films available on VHS. - No coffee maker, but there is a sign letting me know there's a Starfucks down below, eager to rape my wallet on the daily. - Room service prices appear to be high, as expected, but P.F. Chang's has a menu that's in line with the pricing if I were eating there anyway. Oh, hey there, $8 room service surcharge fee that's hiding down below in tiny font! Almost missed you there. - If you're getting drinks at the pool, make it a double. They're already bending you over to the tune of $14/pop, what's another $4? Drink enough to forget what you paid for it. - They have a gym, and you can use it for the completely reasonable fee of 25 FUCKING DOLLARS A DAY. I laughed and left when informed of this. I suspect my laughter would have intensified had I actually seen the gym, since I doubt it's more than a couple treadmills and some mismatched dumbbells. - Wi-Fi isn't free. This will matter when you realize that AT&T gets a shitty signal in the building. I know this is how Vegas works, but charging me for every little amenity a la carte doesn't do a whole lot to insure my future business. I'm more likely to seek out a hotel that will include all of that in the price of the room. I don't go to Vegas to workout (I'm not a meathead or anything), but $25 to work off a night of drinking before the day begins is a slap in the face. I had a decent stay here, but the cons outweigh the pros too much.
3	The only awesome thing about this hotel is the casino. Period.  The casino is awesome esp when ur arriving late and coming from a long drive from LA after an 9hr workday and too famished to go clubbing.  The casino itself is a big club and on top of that, decor looks great with all the colors.The walk from the self parking lot to the front registration is a plain nightmare, lugging your luggage thru the long mall after a 5 hr drive sucks.  ESP when you just want to arrive, check-in and get ur nite started already.The hotel hallways are a bit dingy.  While the bed i find pretty comfortable, the rest of the room is not up to par.  The furniture is scratched up and old.  The closet doesn't even fit a large suitcase.  Low standard bathroom.  Shower head is cheap and so filled with soap scum that you are getting scattered sprays.  And don't even get me started on the complimentary toiletries - The shower gel smells cheap and doesn't lather, the lotion smells cheap.  Good thing i bring all those things with me normally so i don't even need to go near theirs.  While i can put up with all this (minus the shower head) it would be very nice if they did a little upgrading.  I know they can afford it, esp with thier room prices and how much traffic goes on in thier casino.Best thing about the room is always thier deep soaking tub, its pretty awesome!I'll still be back many more times PH, but please just consider doing a little upgrading!
4	I don't get the complaints. I really don't. Some may be legitimate, but really, who gives a crap if the carpet in the hallway is somewhat worn? SHEESH!! We stayed from Sunday, July 22nd to Wednesday, July 25th. We got to the hotel by 11 am and figured we wouldn't be able to check in, since it was so dang early. We decided to press our luck. Luckily, the guy had an available room and check in took a total of 10 minutes, if that. We stayed on the 25th floor, room 2559 to be exact, LOL! We got crazy lucky, because our room actually had a strip view (not perfectly since, you can see the part of the PH hotel jutting out), but good enough where the Cosmopolitan was right in front of us, and we could see half of the bellagio fountain show! And I was happy since we didn't pay for it! Our room was spotless, clean, spacious and fun!! People who say the decor "is worn" is smoking crack! It was very nice and nothing was worn. The bed was beyond comfy, sort of a tempurpedic feel. The bathroom was huge with a fun tub. The one minor hiccup was that we came home around 3 am, after going to a club. We were tired, feeling gross and sticky from the heat and we wanted to take showers. The water, was apparently turned off. My hubby called the front desk and they said housekeeping was supposed to leave a note. We never found one. Then my hubby spoke with the manager, who was extremely apologetic and told him he would take care of teh situation. They kept apologizing and the manager was embarassed. I don't blame them, but housekeeping. Besides that minor hiccup, our stay was flawless and we will be back!!! BTW, if you want to get a good deal, actually try their website! I usually use expedia or orbitz, but I actually booked through the PH site and got a better deal! We paid $45 a night for our room!
4	So I must be weird b/c I always bring my own toiletries and many other reviewers complained about the ones provided here...also I though the bathroom was normal sized, not sure where everyone is staying with super-size bathrooms?We took a limo from the airport and I am glad we did after reading about the parking!I don't think anywhere in Vegas has free wi-fi, which is annoying, but I can't take stars away from PH just b/c they are like everywhere else.Good:staff was friendly hotel was quietEarl's & YOLOs are yummy and inexpensivegreat locationeasy access to shops, convenience store, restaurantsPool Cafe-Bar-Arcade is air conditioned if you get too hotThemed-rooms are cute.  Fantasy Island!  Casino is fun.  Relaxed. Spacious.  Bad:Pool is strange- there are 2 pools (one for all ages, one for 21+) separated by a parking lot type are full of lounge chairs which were filthy.  Cabanas and beds also appear to be less than clean.We also got stuck in a smoking room, which did not reek or anthing but hey we reserved 3 non-smoking rooms on the same floor which they could not acoomodate...hello we had a reservation!I liked Planet Hollywood, I would stay here again.
5	great location and lots of action around this casino close to shopping and good dining .
1	Let me start off by saying I was so completely stoked at the great deal I got with this hotel.  I assumed it would be awesome based on how cool the casino looked. I have to say this was the absolute worst hotel experience.... EVER ( And no I am not be over dramatic). ok, fine, i will give it 1/16 of a star for the pricing, which should have been an indicator of what was to come. Lets start off by saying there is absolutely no point to look on their website to judge what your room experience may be. That would be a complete waste of your time. The website does not resemble to room at all. First, the room is completely depressing, barely any lighting and really big, dark furniture. Don't expect to cover up with a cozy comforter, oh that's right, you just get a sheet to cover up with. So at night ( during the peak of summer) you can either sleep with your AC and freeze, or turn it low or off and toss and turn all night b/c your so freaking hot. Ladies, don't plan on straightening your hair (which we all know if an absolute essential). That would just be too much to ask. Why you wonder. Well, the moment I plugged in my small straightener, the breaker went off and the bathroom went dark... TWICE and as a result my expensive beauty essential went dead. I made a claim with the hotel and after sending a security guard (WTF) to my room, I was told that the hotel was not at fault and I was just going to have to deal.The nicest part of the room, I reckon, would be the bathroom... if you like to find a cockroach waiting for you in the morning as you walk into the shower...... seriously!I would have rather stayed at Hooters, at least I would have left smelling of chicken wings!!!!
1	I'm currently staying here at PH right now and I'm giving this place a one star due to lack of good customer service and cleanliness, not to mention check in time takes FOREVER.  Am staying in a 2 queen bed room with 2 other people and this room is supposed to be  a "Mountain View."  First of all, the only thing I can see out the window is the rooftop and the Hilton Grand Vacation Hotel next door.  Maybe they're talking about the mountains 100 miles away!  We noticed that both sink drains and the bath tub drains are slow and one of the sinks has no drain plug!!!  Something can easily FALL into the drain!  We call to have someone unclog the drains and someone did come within 30 minutes.  Since we were still getting ready, they said they would come back, no problem.  When we get back that night at 11:00, not only did the plumbers leave the floor filthy dirty (oh god I stepped on the floor with bare feet!), they left the sinks dirty caused by god knows what came out of the drains and they LEFT THE DIRTY SMELLY BLACK towels (our towels!!!!) in the bath tub and on the floor!  AND they left this plastic bag with dirty towels and god knows what on our bathroom floor!  SICK ASS!!  We called downstairs and it took over an hour for a cleaning person to come in (not her fault) and the cleaning manager was supposed to come up but she was never made aware of the situation from the front desk!  I called the cleaning maintenance manger myself and she came up within 10 minutes.  She was VERY nice and said that she would try and see if she could do something for us.  We haven't t hear back from the hotel yet.  Oh, and the pools are COLD!!!!  The kiddie pool is colder than the 18 and over pool.  This is August 4th and 100 + degrees outside.  WTF??? I do NOT recommend staying at Planet Hollywood that's for sure!Don't expect to work out here either.  There is a gym here (they say is not owned by PH) and costs $25 to work out???  There's 24 Hour Fitness gyms in Las Vegas, I'd go there instead and use my $25 for their expensive ass buffet.  Wifi is NOT free either, it's $13.99 a day.  So NOT worth it!  .  I have my computer on this scuffed up, scratched, and dinged up desk (my friend brought his wireless adapter so I'm able to use his wifi instead of paying $13.99).  There are no mini frig in the room either.  Oh, and I found an old blood stains on the white comforter!  Hell, how often do they clean the comforters???
1	The Hotel was terrible. My closet was missing the door, the rooms were dirty. I got up at 4am looking for water and they did not have a mini fridge. I have never stayed a hotel that didn't have a mini fridge. After a night of drinking I woke up thirsty looking for water, I had to call room service and they brought up 2 32oz Aquafina water bottles that cost me $20 each.. This hotel will be my last choice to when coming to Vegas.. but I hope to NEVER AGAIN stay here..
4	Cousins stayed here for bachelor trip on weekend of May 10, 2012.Prices are very reasonable at ~130/night.  You could probably priceline it for less, but this location is great if you plan to party at Marquee (at Cosmopolitan) and have budgetary constraints.  Ph is right across the Cosmo, and I think I timed a walk from casino-to-Marquee under 10 minutes.  The Miracle Mile shops are also connected to Ph, and many people rave about Earl's (sandwich place -- can't miss it with the often-huge line).  And Pink's is downstairs too if you're craving a hot dog.  Walgreens is also next door if you needa grab supplies.The rooms itself are updated and very nice.  It feels sleek, and I really have no criticisms for the price you pay.  Do note if you're on the West or East tower, cause that could save you an extra 15 minutes of walking (or 30 if you're buzzed/drunk/wasted).I was impressed their Pleasure Pool had a live DJ too.  He wasn't one of the renowned DJ's headlining a big pool party like at EBC or Marquee, but he spun a good set when I was there.  The security (I hope he wasn't the head) was a bit of a douche, who didn't believe me when I said I bought the Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy (beer) there -- you can't bring in drinks.  He gave me a bit of a stare-down, and I repeated myself that I got it there and he could go check.  He did go check, but I don't recall him coming back to apologize for his rude approach.  Mike, on the other hand, was the dude at the counter inside who sold me those drinks, and he was very friendly.  Hope management gave two shits about this review, but it's Vegas... (they don't really).Oh, and they even set up a beer pong table in front of the DJ (it was a large, empty space with so much potential too), which gave the pool a very college vibe (kinda like Palms Place).  I wish there were drunk co-eds with nip slips to go with it, but alas, it wasn't meant to be.Since I go to Vegas monthly every summer, I sometimes get asked for suggestions on where to stay.  I say it really comes down to what you want to do, i.e. where you want to party.  I think traveling to and from the club(s) is one of the key factors on where you should book.  If you want to party at Marquee, Ph is a great choice for those on a budget (otherwise staying at Cosmo itself, or Aria or Bellagio is better).  If you want to party at XS, then you might wanna stay at Venetian.  Taxi queues as well as riding times can be killer, and you want to maximize the amount of enjoyment time on your trip.  I highly recommend booking a hotel room you can stumble back to, and Ph fits the bill with this regard, as well as a plethora of dining options.
1	Review on the PH pool.I was so excited to head to the PH pool on my recent trip to vegas. It's literallly 2 pools on the side, one for 18+ and the other for families. AND THAT'S IT.The area where we you walk in from is just rows of pool chairs and concrete. I was SO disappointed. I think I only stayed there for about 5 minutes before leaving. Waste of time.
3	3.5 stars is probably the right rating.  Came here for a show/conference this past week.  I was kind of excited to stay here because I didn't want to stay in Paris or Bally's.  I thought this should be nicer since they showed it a couple of times in movies.  Anyway the hotel feels old.  The hallways, the carpets, the bathroom.  The bedroom was better than Paris and Bally's but the bathroom in there could have used some better lighting although you would then see the broken parts in the toilet, the stain in the shower stall.  The carpet in the hallways and the rooms just felt old and dirty.  The elevators took longer than usual.  I'm fine with it if we're traveling for work but if I'm vacationing I'll choose Aria or Wynn.  I can't complain about the casino though because it has a great atmosphere.  From the pleasure pits to the hip hop music they play, the place is happening all night long.  I'll come back to play but not to stay unless it's for work.
4	Pros:*Great location*DJ at the adult pool w/ cabanas and day beds (both cheaply priced compared to ultra-pools).*Earl of Sandwich!!*Fat Tuesday (to start the party!)* Miracle Mile Mall *No Resort FeesCons:*Rooms appear like they were cheaply put together*Had to take two elevators to get to my room (get out of the first one, walk down the hallway, and get in another one)*Koi (Promoter slapped a bracelet on my arm and told me to get in there for the Expendables promo party...it was kinda small and if you don't have a table there isn't anywhere to stand other than the dance floor)Saw a few stars there and enjoyed my visit. No resorts fees is key and location is great...def worth a visit. If you friend them on Facebook, they send you discounts.
3	Pros-- Nice looking casino floor- Three card poker with 6 card bonus (hit $250 off a $5 bet... got a four of a kind!)- Close to shops, Walgreens and Earls- Pretty central to a lot of hot spots around town- Affordable roomsCons-- No speedy checkout process available (usually via TV), had to wait in an obnoxiously long line just to checkout- Not a big fan of their resort bedroom layout (I usually like a long hallway connecting the bathroom to bedroom)- Pool area (two pools, one doesn't really have a layout out in the sun spot, while the other has plenty but music sucks)
4	My boyfriend and I really enjoyed this hotel and casino. If you're walking the strip, Planet Hollywood is centered pretty well in the middle, so you can walk either way, without tiring yourself out too much. While checking in, we tried the $20 room upgrade trick, which didn't work, so we were stuck with our room without-a-view. Which was really okay because we weren't in Vegas to sit in the room anyway!I believe we had the least expensive option and our room was a pretty typical hotel room...average sized and clean. The bathroom on the other hand, was quite large and included a separate shower, bathtub, toilet with a door, and a roomy counter with sink and large mirror. When everything is separate, it really makes it nice for getting ready to go out (multiple people can get ready at once). The casino part of the hotel was also nice and features the Pleasure Pit, which basically consists of sexy, scantily clad dealers and go go dancers, dancing to popular music.The attached Miracle Mile Shops have practically everything you could want with many higher end shops, some great restaurants and bars, and tons of entertainment options. We saw several shows while visiting, including Marc Savard, Comedy Hypnosis, located in the V theater in the Miracle Mile Shops and Holly Madison in Peepshow, located in the CHI Showroom in the hotel. If you're interested in seeing Holly, Planet Hollywood is definitely a good place to stay. We were walking through the casino on our way to our room one night, and happened to see Holly and a cameraman. They were apparently filming for the show Extra, so we stood in the background. Didn't get to see the show when it aired, but it was great way to meet Holly! And if you are looking to see her, act fast because I believe her stint at Peepshow will be ending this year.Overall, I would absolutely stay here again and definitely recommend this hotel to others. It is a nice, mid-range hotel in an excellent location and has many things to do and see in a close general proximity.
3	Feels like they just painted over an old beat up casino, good location and affordable, good for college kids. Not my cup of tea but decent nonetheless
3	Stayed here for the first time for the weekend.  A friend got a good rate and it was definitely a step up from Harrah's (where we stayed last time).  Rented a cabana at the pool Friday and hung out there all day.  Not the best pool in Vegas, but definitely fun.  The waitress charged two buckets of beer to our room that we paid for in cash, so that was a hassle.  Also, they didn't come around very frequently, so overall, pretty bad service.We hung out in the Heart Bar in the middle of the casino floor, which was pretty decent.  It's nice that it's connected to the mall, so there are more options for eating than you'd normally find.Not the greatest hotel, but for the price, pretty darn good.
3	The hotel is great, but I was quickly disappointed by two things.   The ATM machines charge a fee of $6.00.   Shut up!   Who does that?  They already hit you in the casinos and then want to charge an EXTRA $6.00 for you to spend your money at the casino. After a long day of meetings, I was hoping to catch an episode of True Blood.   They didn't have HBO?   Even the small hotels off the strip have HBO.   The hotel itself is very nice and comfortable.   They just don't seem to be concerned about the small stuff that makes a difference.
2	Anyone rating this place 5 stars clearly thinks that Motel 6 is on par with the likes of Mandarin Oriental.  If it weren't for a week long work conference at this hotel, I would never personally stay there.  I am giving it 2 stars based on its location.  The location is central to everything which is really awesome.Cons:Walls are super thin.  You can hear EVERYTHING!The rooms look well worn.  Cracked tiles, stained carpet, broken drawers.No free WIFINo free gym Subpar Room ServiceIcky PoolHousekeeping - If you want clean towels and bed linen, you have to throw it on the floor in the bathroom with and leave a big sign saying "Please change this funky ass mess, thanks".I'm not a gambler so I cannot comment on the gaming activities and offerings.
2	Room : I booked PH for a girls trip with three friends. Booked the hotel in Feb for the mountain view room. When our check in finally came PH did not have my room available. We needed to have two queens non smoking and told our options were limited. We ended up getting the resort room over looking the pool on the 10th floor. Not a bad room and it was pretty big. To compensate us at check in they gave us spa discounts and peep show 10.00 off (which BTW were worthless)Pool: The pool at PH is BADDD I mean for here in Maryland the pool would have sufficed but this is Vegas... The only good chairs you had to pay 25-50. When we tried to lay out in the crappy free ones we were treated like second class citizens. Went over to the Hard Rock pool and they treated us much better and we were not even staying there. Maid Service: We never got any for FIVE days. I complained and they still never showed up Location: The reason I gave two stars. GREAT location on the strip. All in all it is a fun hotel the casino rocks and it is happening with a good crowd on Friday and sat night. But the hotel is not good. They really need to make changes if anyone is going to stay and come back. I sure won't......
4	A great value especially when your room is free with Total Rewards as this is a Caesar's Entertainment property. First time we stayed here and we truly enjoyed it! Pros:Clean roomGreat view of Bellagio fountain/strip from roomRoomy with nice sized bathroomComfy bedsCasino has nice layoutOpenings at tables and slot machines (no waiting)StarbucksVariety of restaurants including Earl of Sandwich (24 hrs) (Can use Total Rewards to pay for food)Peepshow (Fun show, great stage visibility from seats)Free drinks a plenty on Casino floorCons:Restaurants are priceyPink's Hot Dogs-awful and no indoor seating-not worth $9 for a hot dogEarl of Sandwich-Reasonably priced but slim on fillings (mostly bread)Elevators can be slow and it does not seem like all are running.Skip Koi - go somewhere off the strip like Hot N' JuicyDefinitely will be back. Room was quiet and spacious and hotel is conveniently located on the strip as there are back ways in, so you do not need to enter from LVB.
5	The shopping/restaurant/bar area was beautiful. I love these architectures. We took a Stripper 101 class, and our instructor was beautiful and very fun. :) Her stripper name is Pony if anyone takes her class. Didn't really think that poles were so fun. HAHA, it takes a lot of strength to do what they do, and I give them props.
4	My boyfriend and I arrived on a Thursday night. We were greeted by a gentleman named Miles. He was so nice and accommodating. He really did make us feel like royalty! Even though we paid via Priceline, he made sure we were well taken care of. I told him that I had severe asthma and was recovering from a hospital trip -  he gave us options as far as rooms went. I really want to thank Miles for such an amazing experience, I really hope he is recognized for his hard work. The room was so spacious and bed EXTREMELY comfortable. We had a Forever Young themed room. I loved the decor and colors. IDK what people mean when they say the beds suck. My boyfriend and I will definitely be back to Planet Hollywood. Such a prime location and easy to walk to the strip. Loved the Miracle Mile shops. They have a cute Bettie Page store that I was dying to check out, and a Sephora for my makeup needs since I ran out.Thank you Planet Hollywood LV, you guys ROCK!
5	You know when you leave Vegas with no money in your pockets, and still can say you had a great time alot has too do with your hotel stay... That being said Planet Hollywood is Great... Our room was really nice...  upgraded to a suite for a realatively low price.  The room over looked the Bellagio Fountain, and had a spa tub.  The location can not be beat, in  the center of everything Vegas.... Go have fun and please try to win some of my money back...   ENJOY
4	The hotel itself is cool and in a good location on the strip, essentially central to everything. We had a room on the 38'th floor that offered an excellent view of the strip. We were pleasantly surprised by the room, especially because we booked it last minute and still got a great price for it. The room was clean, spacious, well decorated, and the beds were comfortable.As previously mentioned in other reviews, the restaurants within the complex are quite pricey. The Miracle Mile shops are attached to the hotel and offer a lot of shopping options for those who are into that.All encounters with staff were positive, no one was rude or abrasive.The only minor gripe I have about the hotel is the parking. The parking garage is located quite a distance from the hotel lobby. One must walk through a very long stretch of the Miracle Mile shops before arriving at the hotel lobby. This can be quite trying and cumbersome when carrying luggage.Would definitely stay here again.
3	The hotel has a great strip location with excelletn shops (Miracle Mile) and comfortable beds. The carpet in the halways and room are a bit worn and could be updated.  It was nice that the bus picked up next door at the Paris allowing for easy access to Freemont street or other hotels on the strip.While there is a lot of seating in the outdoor pool "area" the two pools were actually quite small with limited seating around them. If you rent a car while in Vegas or from the Hertz located in the lobby be prepared to walk. It is a good 10-15 minutes from the parking garage to the hotel lobby as you have to walk about halfway around the miracle mile shopping areaOverall we felt for this hotel was good for the price we paid and there were no resort fees!
5	Neat spot! I totally went and checked out the Sunday party at the pool and really liked the music there! I like how its nice and clean too 8)
4	Stayed here last week for my friend's birthday. The rooms are not spectacular, but nice clean and comfortable. It is cool that each room is decorated with decor from a movie. That's different from other hotels. The location of the hotel is very central, smack dab in the middle of the strip! The buffet here is also really good and with the buffets of buffets, it's a pretty unbeatable deal! The biggest complaint, the walk from self parking to the lobby is a pretty far walk!A BIG positive:I would like to say Thank you so much to the security guy that was working Wed night August 29 or more correctly Thurs morning August 30 around 4 or 5 am. I stayed at Planet Hollywood and had decided to go downstairs for some late night gambling. These creepy young guys were following me around the casino floor trying to talk to me. I tried to ignore them and kept walking around and around until I thought they had finally left me alone. When I thought I was in the clear, I sat down at a machine and had barely begun to play when another creeper came up and started trying to talk to me. I kept ignoring him and looking the other way and he didn't seem to get it. Out of nowhere, the security guy came and asked for the guy's ID and told him he was to leave since he did not have his ID on him. I turned to the security guy and mouthed "Thank you" to him. I had no idea but he came back shortly and told me that he had personally escorted that guy out of the casino! I thanked him again and I wanted to give him a hug (but I didn't- wasn't sure how appropriate that was) for being so attentive and responsive to the situation that I was not sure how to get out of, and all without me even having to tell him!! He was my hero for the night! Thank you for making me feel so safe!!
3	There are so many reviews for this hotel already that I am going to sum up my experience in point form for simplicity.Positives:- Great location basically in the middle of the Strip.- Room was spacious even though we got the cheapest type (Hollywood Hip).- Room was very quiet. Didn't hear any hallway noise at all.- Loved the huge bathtub.- Miracle Mile mall convenient.- Big, comfortable bed.Negatives:- Front desk staff not engaging upon check-in and it wasn't busy.- Bad experience with valet. They brought us the wrong car after a 10 minute wait and tried to convince us it was our car just because it was the same make. Other times had to wait 25 minutes for car.- Was charged $1 for local calls even though this was not stated anywhere. Shouldn't cost $1 to call the hotel that I could literally see from my window (friends staying there).- No mini fridge.Comments:- Self park isn't that far to walk if you're not carrying bags. Just drop your bags off with the bag desk and self park, then get bags brought up to room to avoid annoying valet.- Drains in room were very slow and would get backed up and stand still at times (sink, bathtub).- Movie memorabilia in our room was pretty lame.- Lots of young, rowdy people seem to stay here. Almost every time I was in the elevator, no matter what time of day, some drunk/high person tried to have conversations with me. If you want something quieter or more classy, I wouldn't recommend PH.I would stay here again if the price was right solely because of the location. I don't think this hotel stands out over any others in Vegas and is pretty average.
3	I would have given this Hotel 4 stars if not for one really crummy thing:  getting to the rooms!  I really hate that you have to roll really deep in the casino to find the room elevators...one side "North" and another side "South."  I enjoy gambling, don't get me wrong, but when I am tired and just want to crash...why make it so hard to do that?!  The rooms are really clean, and appear to have been recently updated.  I really liked the "Soaking" tub in the room we had, and the Hollywood stuff that decorated it.  Enjoy!
2	This is a club style casino on Friday and Saturday nights.  The rooms are big, but not well utilized and the decor is very cheesy.The pool area is horrible.  The area was definitely an after thought and the two pools are very small. If you want to sit in the sun and not by the pool there is plenty of seating, however if you want to be by the pool be prepared to pay!
4	Casino is lively and fun. Great location.
4	Hubby and I stayed here for 3 nights.  Overall we really enjoyed our stay.  Check in was pretty painless.  They even let us check in several hours early.  I will say that I was disappointed that the guy checking us in didnt offer an upgrade.  Usually when hubby flashes his military ID we get a free upgrade.  We had to pay for it this time.  Boooooooooo.  We ugraded from a regular room to a fountain view and it was totally worth it.  The view was amazing.  As far as the rooms go, they are nothing special.  But again, the view made up for it.  The bed was fine.  Nothing great but not horrible.  Room was large and clean, same as the bathroom.  We didnt go down to the pools but after reading complaints and looking at the pools I can see why people complain.  Its a strange set up.  We did enjoy the hotel and mall itself.  There is so much to do.  All in all we would stay here again as long as we upgraded to the awesome fountain view.
1	1star for location. I've stayed at their partner hotels and even though Ballys and harrahs are older - I've never had complaints!Room 1833 has stinky water faucets when turning on the hot side for tub and shower. Had to wait 10 min for the shower to heat up. The bathroom floors didn't look clean -saw smudges. I wore shoes the entire time because it just dint feel clean. Een the remote control felt grimy! Not worth it unless you're getting the room comped for free. Tons of deals elsewhere.
3	2.5 rounding up to 3.  if you've stayed at any of the newer hotels on the strip, ph won't impress you.  if you haven't, ph is just fine.  they could use an update on the room decor.  the bathroom only has one sink, terrible lighting, and no makeup mirror.  it's a "normal" hotel.  the miracle mile shops are pretty convenient.  and all the staff was pretty nice.  the location is convenient w/a bridge to the cosmopolitan.  but other than that, nothing special.  if i ever go back, i'm gonna search for this lifeguard: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/planet-hollywood-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas-2?select=8GTMvIA-8eCt5kjM8ZxMow#8GTMvIA-8eCt5kjM8ZxMowi so wish i had asked him if he knew about the grammar error on his tattoo.  poor guy.....hey lifeguard - if you're seeing this, a kid at the airport had a brilliant idea for you: go back and get a green squiggly line under the error.  ;)
2	Beware: Hotel security guard (most-likely) stole my wallet/cash.I stayed here with a group of friends a few weeks back and had a great time: nice rooms, fun atmosphere, really friendly and fun dealers, etc. The one big negative to the trip was when (it appeared that) one of the hotel security guards entered my room and stole two wallets while nobody was there. We ran into the guard as he was exiting the room (not knowing he probably had the wallets) and he claimed he was just "checking on things". We realized a little while later that he had most-likely taken the wallets, kept the cash, and dumped them in a hotel trash chute (we got them back the next morning).While we did recover the wallets from the trash, the hotel is almost completely unwilling to work with me on getting my money back thus far and all but refused that the security guard was responsible (despite every bit of evidence pointing at him). They're too busy trying to cover their asses to provide any sort of real customer service, even when it's needed most. Most frustrating situation I've experienced in Vegas.Watch out for their security guards - despite being almost caught in the act, I wouldn't be surprised if he'd be stupid enough to try it again.
5	Great stay here last week. Young, vibrant and hip. The hotel is also joined to a mall for the occasional shop if you get bored of gambling. it is in the centre of the strip and gets really happening at night for drinking and partying. They also have one of the best buffets on the strip, I also recommend the buffet at Caesars as a must as it has just opened and blows everything else away. If you want a reasonable priced, good location and party casino this is your place!
1	I truly wanted to like this hotel primarily because of all the popularity ph seems to have. I went for my birthday weekend and it was the worst weekend of my life! I ordered a roll away bed because we were staying with some frirnds for the night and woke up with rashes all over my body I refuse to believe it was an allergic reaction the sheets were probably not changed  since god knows when. I called to ask for different sheets they said they couldn't help they were out!!! Finally after nagging all night and trying to talk to the manager  they brought some sheets at 1am!!  Also my friend lost his wallet in the room and I highly believe someone that was working took it because he used his key to get in.. I will not be coming back to this horrible customer service place and neither will my friends! But they don't seem to care about there customers anyway.
4	My favorite hip hotel on the strip!This isn't a magical hotel or a luxurious stay or one of those hi-end suites with a retractable screen shade, but this vegas hotel is the best in overall experience.I've booked this stay for my wife's b-day weekend and this was 1st of 2 hotel stays on the strip. I"ll tell you what if you can get a good price for a stay here, you more than maximized your buck!Our room was clean and comfy. Nice dresser and comfortable beds. I've mentioned earlier that this hotel is hip, it is! It is not a typical run down hotel nor outdated. My room had a Nascar shrine of someone, not sure which professional driver it was but I had a Nascar display. I had to order a mini-fridge to my room to keep cool my wife's gift from Payard Patisserie and Bistro and i'm glad they were able to do so.Getting through check-in is weird here, if i'm coming from the rear parking lot, I would walk with my baggage on-hand and cutting off part of the Miracle Mile shops, so shoppers downstairs would see me a traveller in distress to get a room Lol, but hey it's all good who cares it's only Vegas.Its a fun hotel I recommend staying here, and don't forget to hangout at poolside its nice! Black and Purple are their colors here and it feels like being a Decepticon at night!
3	Central location.  You're right in the middle of the strip, next to the Miracle Mile shopping area (no real high-end shopping here, but just a bunch of typical mall shops), across the street from Bellagio and Citycenter.  Big plus.Already noted, bears repeating: the self-parking lot is far from the hotel lobby.  I'd probably suggest doing valet if you're bringing luggage or lots of bags up.  Otherwise, if you self-park, you'll walk through half of the Miracle Mile shopping circle before seeing the casino, then take an escalator down one flight to the hotel lobby.Room was pretty nice.  Two beds faced the window.  Bathroom was large; no lock on the main door.  Tub and separate shower, two sinks on opposite ends of the bathroom (lot of space), and toilet with separate door/lock.  Shower took a while to heat up --- I like super-hot showers, so this was an inconvenience.The casino floor is small, though.  Not a lot of choices.  Could only find one $15 blackjack table.  Lots of single-deck blackjack, which I'm not a fan of.  You could walk the whole casino floor in about 2 minutes.  Shoutout to Dallas and Lauren, my favorite dealers.  Super-nice folks.Poker room is just a roped-off area within the casino (next to a bar), but my buddy made money so he didn't complain.Pool is ok.  There's a large area for sunbathing, between the two separate pool areas.  Not a great setup.  Long walk between the two pools.  The cafe/bar area is nothing special, either.For a Sunday - Wednesday (3 night) stay in the center of the strip for about $120 bucks, not a bad deal at all.  I'd go again.
3	Stayed here for one night. It is funny because like the Elara, Planet Hollywood is located right at the Miracle Mile Shops too. This hotel has such a large casino! It is cool because in the rooms, it is decorated with tidbits of old school hollywood. There was the Wynan Brothers framed in our bathroom and an old Wheaties cereal box on one of our night stands. The room is nice. The decor isn't like modern or anything, it is just like any ordinary hotel room.
4	I think this is the newest hotel in the Total Rewards family.  Way better than Flamingo where I stayed last.  I can't speak much of the gambling since I didn't gamble here, but the rooms were nice.  I could have used a bigger window and the display for all the movie memorabilia took up some much needed space, but out of all the hotels in the Total Rewards family, this is my fav so far.  The location is great.  If I had my pick out of comped rooms, I'd stay here again.
4	Mainly was in the casino, but I have to say that out of all of the places, the baccarat tables had the coolest dealers.  They would chat with you and high-five you, and pretty much seem like they were into it even though we all know they're there all the time.  It's show-biz though, right?The main tables are around the Heart Bar, and there are dancers... like... everywhere.   I can't tell you how many dancers there were.It seems pretty fun as far as the little bit that I was there, but I can't say towards the living quarters.
4	Stayed here once years ago when it was the Aladdin and again last week as the Planet Hollywood.  I personally liked the change to a Hollywood-themed hotel.Pros:Very large room, nicely decorated with a flat-screen TV and memorobelia from a past movie (I was in the 'Empire Records' room).The largest bathroom I may have ever seen! Plus the 'commode' is in it's own room inside the bathroom so while one person is, shall we say "busy" the other can be taking a shower (or a bath, there are both in the bathroom!) using the sink or whatever.Pillow-top mattress cover.  Very comfy!Great mall attathed to Hotel/CasinoCons:Paper-thin walls.Loooooong walk through the mall from self-parking to Hotel/CasinoSelf-parking garage VERY full (I stayed mid-week)Slow elevators and rooms on upper floors (above 30?) require the use of two elevators (from what I was told by someone staying on a higher upper floor)I was on the 20th floor in a pool-view room, which was nice however a live band played in the pool area until about ten and because the walls are so thin it did get a bit loud.  Turning-on the TV helped to drown-out the sound however.They charge for WiFi by the number of devices you use.  I didn't use the Hotel's WiFi but while checking-in heard someone complaining about their rates.I'd stay here again.  I like the Hollywood theme and was very happy with how my room was furnished and decorated.
4	Planet Hollywood isn't the fanciest of hotels since it's more of a bang for your buck kind of place. Nonetheless, I enjoyed my stay here as the bed I slept on was very comfortable, and the location in the middle of the Strip made most points of interest an easy walk. It also helped that the person at the front desk upgraded our room with a view of the Strip, and let us check in extremely early (I'm talking like 10:30 AM early, as compared to the suggested 3-4 PM check in). He let us know that it was possible our room was still being serviced, but we only waited a few minutes before it was all ready. This was very much appreciated! Thank you kind, front desk man!The only problem I had with PH was finding the lobby. For some reason, that was much harder than it should have been, so for those reading this review who may be lost, take the escalators in the casino downstairs, and you'll magically find yourself in the lobby.If I come back to Vegas and want glitz and glamour, I'll go elsewhere, but PH suits me just fine for now.
3	As of oct 1st 2012 all of the total rewards hotels charge $25 for checking in b4 3pm :-( SUCKS! I arrived about 12 noon yesterday (after staying at Bally's 2 days :-) ) & asked if my rm was ready. The lady at the frnt desk advised me of the brand new policy, regardless if they had rooms ready or not. I decided to keep my $25 for gambling, so I left my luggage at the bell desk. Cool. I came back for my luggage at 2:45 & got in line to get my rm key (the lady b4 had pre-registered me) when I got 2 the frnt desk the lady told me my rm wasn't ready! REALLY? Needless 2 say I was a bit pissed off, I said "you don't have anything available? I just picked up my luggage. I have to come back? Why can't u just get me another room?" The lady reluctantly said "let me check." She did get me a room, but why did I have 2 ask? Their customer service needs a bit of polishing!!! They gave me rm 1411, it was very nice (eddie murphy themed), very modern furniture & huge roman tub. The only thing I didn't like about the room is that the window is very small so it doesn't get much light. On a good note, the bed was oohhh ssssoooo comfortable & so were the pillows. The bathroom has a seperate glass shower & the water pressure was oh so welcomed after a long day & no winning :-(  the cocktail waitresses are very pleasant & come around often. I would stay here again (especially since my rooms are comped), but I won't expect friendly & welcoming service at the front desk. Oh.... their buffet is pretty good 2. Although 99% of the desserts are cupcakes, lots of flavors though.
1	As much as I really wanted to like this place, I just don't. I know not to judge a casino by your wins and losses but dang, I spent A LOT of money in their machines and did not win anything. We stayed here 2 suites for 4 days for my 21st birthday. As I was playing on the slots and ordered drinks, the waitresses would just stand behind you waiting for a tip and if you didn't tip they would scoff, like out loud, so obvious! So rude I was so turned off by the customer service at the front desk the bars the waitresses it killed my birthday. :( Sorry I couldn't tip I just put all my money into your casino!! The customer service was horrible, I would never stay again.
3	Hotel was alright. The rate wasn't too cheap and it wasn't really worth it in my opinion. I hate that the parking structure is so far away and you have to walk through the Miracle Mile shops. I would recommend people just driving to where Valet/Check-In is and have someone from your group take the luggage while you drive and park. That way you don't have to lug your luggage all over the shops. Once you enter the door that is where the hotel check in is.
4	I visited Vegas with a friend for a quick two-night trip to see Eddie Vedder at the Pearl (cancelled, boooo!), and decided on Planet Hollywood because of its placement on the Strip, affordability through an Expedia package, and lack of ridiculous additional fees. When we arrived, I pulled the $20 routine and mentioned that I was celebrating my birthday, and the clerk very generously upgraded us to a beautiful suite. High floor, fountain view, air hockey table, wet bar, tub that fit two people...yeah. Quite a way to start the trip! Throughout our stay, we encountered nothing but friendly staff. Unfortunately the weather took a turn for the cold, so we didn't spend much time by the pool. From what I could see, there weren't too many children running around, which is always a bonus. Neither of us are betting women, so I can't comment on the casino itself (except that I missed Chicago's smoking ban), but we enjoyed Spice Market and Yolo's. We had a very "basic" stay at PH, so take from this review what you will. Based on what I experienced, I would absolutely give it a second visit, especially on a moderate budget.
2	The spa has both things that I liked and disliked:Liked - every masseuse I've had. Always great technique. Disliked - I got a spray tan here and did everything as instructed to do (wait about 7 hours before showering, don't sweat, etc) but after all that, I wasn't any darker. I waited one day, as I have had spray tans before and sometimes I Ames 24 hours for the full color to show. Nothing. I called and asked for a partial refund and they declined. It wasn't cheap either! Also, the shower area needs to be redone, badly. Very old tile - I think from back when it used to be the Alladin. Make sure, if you're a local, ask which days they do local's discounts because it makes a big difference!
3	Parking: Valet or Self-Park. The self park parking structure is sooooo far. Terribly designed if you ask me. You would have to walk all the way through the Miracle Mile shops and go downstairs before you get to the hotel check-in.Checking in / Checking out:We got there 30min before the actual check. The guy at the counter said our room was ready BUT it would cost an additional $15 to check in early. Are you serious? $15 for 30 minutes? This place is that desperate for money?... So we sat around for another 30 minutes (along with other guests who didn't want to pay the early check in fee) and sure enough when it was exactly time to check in, everyone came out of nowhere and the line got pretty long.As for the checking out process, for some reason our check out on the TV didn't work. So I had to call the front desk and they checked us out there.Room:We got the "Predator" room. I have to say, opening my eyes first thing in the morning to a framed image of Predator on the wall right next to my bed with his creepy face staring back at me is not something I wanted to see. Luckily the bed was comfortable. The AC in the room was a bit outdated. It didn't tell you what the temperature was at. The only option you had was "Hi Med Low" and another switch to make the room cooler or warmer. The curtains for the window didn't really do a good job blocking out the morning sun. Part of the reason why I woke up was due to the sunlight coming through the sides.As for the bathroom, it was nice and spacious. Plenty of counter space. There was a separate area with a closing door for the toilet. You had a choice of either a standing shower or a pretty big bathtub.Overall:The hotel room was nothing out of the ordinary. Pretty standard for Strip hotel rooms. Would I stay here again? Probably not.
4	First time in Vegas  (being 21) and was pleasantly surprised by this hotel !!! We got upgraded from our original hollywood hip 2 queens to the resort room, and apparently you are supposed to tip at least $20 but i only tipped $5. I didn't' know ok  hahaha or else I definitely would have tipped more. Check in was very fast, we arrived at 5, and there weren't any lines at all, there probably would have been lines if we had arrived earlier. Our room was huge & spacious, the restroom was probably the best part. The view was gorgeous as well, we could see the Bellagio fountains, and the strip.There was 2 separate sinks, and a separate stall for the shower & toilet as well as a huge bathtub in the back of the restroom.  Check out took about 15 minutes, which wasn't that bad either. The pleasure pit was really nice, all the boobies and everything to distract you while gambling. didn't get a chance to go to the pool but will go next time & plan on staying here next time as well. the prices are more affordable compared to the rest of the hotels, and ph is also located in the middle of all the other hotels. P.S. valet your car since it is FREE and the parking lot is a very far distance from the hotel, since you have to walk through the miracle mile mall.
1	We stayed at Planet Hollywood for a portion of our honeymoon.  I really regret it.  From the moment we walked in our room there were issues.  First there was a big wet spot on the floor (that by the time we left had started to mold).  There was no comforter on the bed, and when we called down they said they were in the process of changing the comforters and that the bed was "triple sheeted"  Well, I'm sorry but "triple sheeted" is not what I paid for and I was freezing all the nights we stayed there.  I called for a blanket that they never brought.  I have never met such rude bell men who just outright asked for their tip.  There are so many lingering items from when the hotel was the Aladdin that I couldn't tell what the theme was supposed to be.  We are very sorry we stayed there, and we will never do so again.  It is worth it to pay more for the details!  Especially on a honeymoon!!
1	What's the deal with mounting the pool cleaning equipment the wall in open view?  Don't these guys have a tool shed to keep their stuff??Why are there 2 pools but a boatload of chairs out in an area not even close to the pool? This place was so dead..
3	I stayed at PH many moons ago, back when they were still transitioning from being the ALADDIN hotel (some may argue they still are!)PH always has GREAT room deals on the off season, which is why I ended up here that fateful weekend. See, I was having my bachelorette party, all of my friends were on a budget, but I really wanted to stay on the strip for my Vegas stay. Enter PH, which had rooms at a ridiculous $20 or so a night. Sold! The rooms are nothing amazing, but they are clean and this hotel is centrally located on the strip. However, this wouldn't be my first choice. Part of the fun of coming to Vegas is staying in a really cool, really swanky hotel and PH just isn't one of them. It is the practical and economical choice, if there is one, in Vegas.Would come again.
2	I've stayed in Vegas several time but this time was special.  I was getting married.Pros:fast check-inyoung, hip crowdgood food and shoppinggood vibegood room rateCons:waaaaay too smokeybilling issuesfront desk rude upon check-outWhen I researched pricing these rooms had a great price point.  I was under the impression that the rooms would be a lot better than they were.  Our room was dark and housekeeping forgot to dust.  Not just in our room but our friends across the hall had an inch of dust on their table as well.  When I visited another friend's room I thought she requested NON-SMOKING but could smell smoke like someone was smoking in the next room.  When I got back to my room the same this was happening.  Although we had non-smoking rooms the smoke must be cycling thru the vents.  I came back home with a monster of a  sinus infection from all the smoke. When I checked in I paid the balance on my room and received my receipt.  When I checked out RAHMAN argued me down saying my balance was $144 and some odd change.  I explained to him that my room balance was paid.  Not to mention when I made the reservation for 5 rooms they charged all 5 rooms to my card causing me to have insufficient funds fees.  I was told nothing would be charged to hold those rooms.  After talking with billing they refunded all of my money.  I guess they had to listen to the conversation I had with the person I spoke with when I made the reservation.  She told me nothing would be charged.  With all the billing issues and the smoke factor I WOULD NOT stay here again or recommend anyone else to stay here.
1	I have stayed here three years in a row and I do not think I will do it again any time soon. Lets just say this... nasty... There is a reason why the rooms are kind of dark and that's to make it so the jizz stains on the walls do not show. I am not joking... you could clearly see where the load was blasted across the wall next to the bed. I brought this to the attention of the front desk and they simply did not care. They moved me to a diff rent room but this room was worse then the last one. The finish on the tv stand was very worn and the room just felt grungy, I then notice another Jizz shot across the wall and a hand print! Freaking nasty! I get it, I am in Vegas and people like to be freaks when out here but whoa.So I go down for a second time and again get no care at all from the desk but they move me again. This time I see no loads on the walls or anything but still am a bit disgusted by the whole thing. I was in Vegas with friends and they were staying in other rooms. They had someone enter their rooms when they were asleep and steal stuff from them! (This is more then one room btw.) The management did not care, they even went to the point of not believing them. Management just pushed them around with BS responses. This is the single worst review I have ever left on Yelp but one of the most important. DO NOT STAY HERE!
5	Great hotel smack dab in the middle of the strip across the Bellagio and the Cosmopolitan. As you know, this hotel use to be the Aladdin so walking around the hotel and the Miracle Mile Mall have some parts of that middle eastern theme in tact.Check in is right below the casino, so you'd have to take an escalator going back up to the casino vice versa to take a cab or pick up your car.  Our room was not too shabby and no Bellagio, the room was painted dark brown with one small window the size of a port hole and very dirty indeed. Not a lot of outlets to charge your cell and laptop. The flat screen was nice but the room could use some more lighting as it was pretty dim. The bathroom still has some of that Aladdin style and the tub and shower was a nice touch and clean.Casino vibe here was pretty calm during the day but at night they pump the music way too loud and I could hardly hear my friend talking right next to me. Clientele was mostly young college kids getting their drink on and som e shady looking characters. The 3 best restaurants in my opinion at the PH are the Spice Market Buffet, Earl and PF Chang's and the rest are all mediocre. The pool is nothing to write about and one thing I like about Planet Hollywood the most is Miracle Mile because it's just walking distance to your room and the ABC sStore was a joy to have. This hotel doesn't live to the hype and theme and I think the Aladdin Hotel still lives inside Planet Hollywood . I wouldn't stay here again annd reading about hotel guest's rooms being broken into is just sad. Well I'll be staying in my new base hotel, The Mirage, where they treat you like guests and the rooms are recently renovated and are vibrant compared to PH's that are just dark and depressing.
1	This is a letter I sent to the food and beverage people at this hotel:I live in Las Vegas and I am an above average consumer of local shows, dining and casinos.I was at the same time appalled and amused by a low class "free drink" promotion at your burlesque show. We were given coupons to use after the show at the bar downstairs for a "free drink."At the bar, all six of us were told that we had to buy a drink and then we would get a "free drink."if you were on our side of the bar, instead of yours, would you consider this a "free drink" ? Doesn't this vastly expand the meaning of the word "free?" As there are classier places to spend our money than your club we intend to do so. I'm sure you will do well with the tourist trade and maybe sell a few drinks with this promotion.However one day you will get written up on the many travel sites that tourists read before they go to a city.No matter to us; there are so many other places to go to.By the way, I won't post this on a travel site as you may quietly decide that a few drink sales are not worth the potential for being rated as low as some of the strip bars in the area.I SINCE DECIDED TO POST THIS ON TRAVEL WEBSITES.
2	This gets a 2 star because my expectations were so high.I have wanted to stay here forever, and finally I did. HOWEVER, the rooms were disappointing. There is no coffee in ANY rooms. There is no fridge or microwave unless u pay $30 extra a day for a portable one. But my biggest complaint is the valet parking that takes a minimum of 15/20 minutes. During a busy time you can expect to wait 30-45 minutes for your car. I wouldn't return to stay here with all the options around. It's a been there done that place. It gets the 2 stars for  the blackjack dealers which were both exceptional and HOTT!
1	Are you looking for a hotel with mildew all over your shower? How about the overpowering stench of air freshener used to cover up stale cigarette smoke (in what was supposed to be a non-smoking room)? Do you love torn bed sheets and dirty glasses? Well then my friends, the Planet Hollywood Hotel is for YOU! If the above sound appealing to you, you will likely also enjoy the following:-Lamps that don't work-Dingy, dark rooms-Torn towels at the pool (some might consider the towels shredded) -Questionable smudges all over the mirrors-Bed linens that should be white but can only be considered off-white-Missing pillows-Bathmats that are taken and not replaced-Leaky faucets with water stains all over the counter-Hair that definitely isn't yours left in the showerThis hotel was disgusting with a capital D. I ended up here because the conference hotel I was supposed to stay at (nearby) ran out of the conference room rate. Big mistake. HUGE. And to add insult to injury, I managed to get the stomach flu and got stuck in the dump for 2 days straight. There is no excuse for a hotel that charges these rates to be this dingy. NO EXCUSE. I don't expect 5-star service or crazy amenities when I travel. I just expect cleanliness. If I could give this place zero stars, I would. Do yourself a favor and find a room elsewhere.
2	Location was great...but room horribly lacked cleanliness and information. No dining menu, dried splatters of what looked like soda on the picture in the room and the lampshade, dried up toothpaste not cleaned off the faucet...we alerted the front desk immediately...none of the above ever addressed. Would have complained further...but the button on the phone for the front desk didn't actually lead to a person.
3	I stayed at this hotel on my last trip to Vegas. I have mixed feelings about this place. First off my friend picked us up from the airport and we parked in the parking garage. Holy cow! I seriously lugged my luggage across the mall! Really?!?! Whoever designed the hotel didn't think it was important to put the garage near the front desk!! Annoying! Second, the front desk folks are jerks! Requested one king bed non-smoking and when we got there, there was nothing available with our request. What's the point of making reservations?!?!?!? Annoying! The person helping us was a douch bag didn't try to accommodate us just basically told me that's all they had smoking rooms. Eeewwww. He ended up giving me a non-smoking handicap room with two queens. Guess that's was better then nothing. On a brighter note I actually really like the hotel casino. It's pretty nice and clean. Love that it doesn't smell like heavy cigarettes. Love all the lights and the colors they used to decorate, really pretty. I also love how PH is in the middle of the strip we were able to cross and go to the Cosmo. PH also had some really stores in the mall. It also had really good Restaurants like Earls and Pinks. Overall experience was good but not as great as other hotels.
1	I hate this hotel!!! I got denied the rate I booked online.  The rooms were far from the pictures on their website and a far cry from their new aesthete towers.  The cabinet doors either are falling or completely gone.  The wallpapers are torn, no coffemakers, no fridge, no free Internet access.  I took pictures as proof.  I booked 3 rooms and never got any courtesy adjustment from the bugs from their online booking.  The front desk was horrible web the manager.  They don't look at you and just stare at their computer.  I got embarrassed by these people in front of my visiting relatives in the front desk and when we got to the room.  I will definitely not stay in this hotel again and probably will not on any of the total rewards hotel.  I recently styed at the Monte Carlo and not only did they honor the computer glitch on their calendar rate (talk about goodluck).  The front desk even threw a free buffet for me and my wife.  When we got to the room, it was nice, clean and smells fresh too.  There's free wired Internet an a safe.  So next time, ask yourself this.  Would you stay at the hotel that is iffy or would you stay at the hotel that rocks?
1	WORST exprience I've ever encountered as a guest at any hotel. 1) Two words: BED BUGSFirst off let me say that I've worked in the hospitality industry as a guest service agent, so I understand what its like to be on the other side.The management team needs to be trained on how to deal with circumstances like bed bugs, which can easily start infesting new locations if they aren't eradicated correctly. My friend did call the "Risk Management" number that was given to her after we filed a complain. She was reimbursed $200, which is better than nothing, I guess.2) ANOTHER issue that my friends and I had was the amount of different channels we had to go through for just a simple Lost and Found question.  We went to the Spice Market buffet for brunch and my friend left her sunglasses at our table.  She called directly to the buffet and asked if anyone turned in a pair of sunglasses and whoever answered quickly transferred her over to the lost and found office for the WHOLE hotel AND she was put on hold for about 10 minutes only to get an answering machine.Next day, after our bed bug scare we decided to go back to Spice Market and check if my friend's glasses were at the cash register. LO-and-BEHOLD in like 5 seconds they bring out her sunglasses. Seriously guys...Maybe it's because their a big hotel..I don't know, but I was not impressed with my stay here. ________UPDATE        11/13/12Its been about  2 weeks since I stayed there. BUT the weekend after I started to get these itchy bumps. At first I thought they were from fleas that my dog might've had. I've researched and even gone to a clinic to get the bites checked out. I'm now 100% positive that I got bit by bed bugs.2 weeks and still have bite marks, NEVER going to another hotel w/out checking the room and bed EVER again.
4	Still one of my favorite casinos to hit on the strip.  When I have friends or family in town, I usually take them here. Why?1.  Good table games. When I say good, I mean lower limits even on the weekends.  Every table also has some dancers keeping you entertained while you lose your money. 2.  Poker Room:  Tough to call it a poker room since it's not really blocked off.  It's more like a bunch of poker tables in the middle of the casino.  Regardless, some fun and good games here, especially on the weekends. 3.  Miracle Mile = Shopping Experience and Restaurants Galore4.  Bars, especially the Heart Bar, always has a great mix of people and a decent range of music.5.  Goretorium (New)6.  Rooms:  I've only seen the rooms, haven't slept over-night in them. But still good enough. Nothing too impressive though. My only issue is parking, but it's no different than any other strip hotel and casino.  You can always valet, but they usually require that you are staying at the hotel if it's busy.  Not usually an issue because they've valet for me most of the time, even if I'm not a hotel guest.
4	Planet Hollywood has a beautiful main casino feel, a wonderful upscale vibe without being too 'high-end' or 'old' like other 5 star casinos might.The problem is the staff doesn't even know where one tower is and where the old towers are. On numerous trips different staff have been confused on where everything is. The directional signs are horrible. Finding the older towers is ridiculously hard. The renovated room and views are awesome, just make sure you get detailed directions where you go.
1	Good riddance to this rubbish service and hotel.Tried to book a reservation over the phone for my daughter, but all I got was either being put on hold or passed back and forth from front desk to reservations.I told reservations I am paying with my credit card and they insisted that my daughter must have my credit card to check in and then tell me that I should have booked 3 days in advance.
2	Disappointment from the minute we arrived. Got here 20 minutes before check in on a Sunday afternoon, and were told to wait until exactly 3 to avoid being charged $15 for an early check in fee. I mean, really? Were they cleaning our room right at that moment? When we finally got upstairs to our room, hardly what I had expected based on the rest of the casino/facilities.  Carpets look beat to hell, air freshener covering up smoke smell all over the place in non-smoking areas, dark hallways, dusty ledges, dirty grout... it just gets to be a bit much, especially when you THOUGHT this was a nice place. No fridges in the rooms, that's an extra charge (which seems to be the recurring theme here). Buffet was nasty. Miracle Mile is about the only redeeming quality, really.$14 per device per room per day for WiFi. Welcome to 2005.
4	My absolute favorite hotel on the strip to stay in! I am a total rewards member so they comp rooms for me. I have stayed in all of the Caesars properties but truly love this one. It's in the middle of the strip so everything you want to see is sooo close. The restaurants are all amazing! So many choices. The miracle mile is a great place to shop for all budgets! The rooms are so nice. We always have a great view. Beds are comfortable! But the deep soaking tub is the best part! The need to update some of the movie memorabilia in the rooms but I really don't have any complaints!,
1	I am scared to go to sleep, I am scared to go to my room. I checked in 4 hours ago and I walked down the GRAY, DIM and Red hall- remind you of anything....The shining... There are exactly 3 lights in my room and I am staring at a prisoners outfit hanging on the wall. Apparently from the movie "bennie and joon" There is also a little girls pajama inside a table- which is even creepier. I am scared to take off my socks too... carpets are not in the best shape. i think the bathroom has mold growing between the tiles. I was considering staying at the bellagio but did not because of their resort fee's, now I am wishing i had stayed at the golden nugget.
1	Husband and I booked a stay here for 3 nights and on the 2nd night they shut all of the water in the room down from 1 am to 3 am without even making sure that they left us a letter or notice. They said letters went out to the rooms,  but we didn't get one.  To our surprize we go to wash up for the night and there is no running water.  We call a manager and she's not even sympathetic.  I explain to her that we have a sleeping baby and we can't just move rooms. She doesn't offer us any compensation for the inconvenience and tells us that the water will be back on at 3am and that the most she can do is offer us two bottles of water complementary,  but no more than that. We are told that if we want we can walk down to them to get a key to another room to use in a completely different tower,  but it will take them 45 mins before they can come to us.  After all the inconvenience that we've had to deal with already,  really you can't send someone up to my room now? Horrible customer service!!! So after going down to them to get a key and back,  taking the elevator down to the lobby,  walking across the lobby in my pjs, to the opposite tower and then up to the 35th floor, I finally got to wash up 30 mins later!
3	This review is for the casino and buffet only, as I never stayed in the rooms.  The location is good, in the middle of the action.  It's pretty modern and newer, it seems, but there is kind of a lot of filth in the casino.  Not in terms of trash, but rather in terms of hoochiness.  Like I would NOT go here with my 65 year old mother at night.  I would be too embarrassed of the half naked cocktail ladies and dancers.  Not everyone is into that sorta thing.  The buffet was good, though.  It wasn't extremely huge or fancy, but I would visit the buffet again... probably during lunch, rather than dinner.  I imagine the casino environment wouldn't be as risque during the day.
3	Stayed here recently for the second time, as far as the rooms go, they are big, the bathrooms are nice and the beds are not bad at all. They are also neat that each room has some movie memorabilia in them. Another positive is they are pretty center of the strip so its convenient. Also they seem to more geared to the younger crowd if thats what you like. A couple of negatives was the first they have added a new fee, the early check in fee of $15. We got here around noon and when we were checking in they said they had rooms available and then told us about this fee. It's ridiculous when they have the room ready, I could understand if say they don't have any rooms ready and it's a fee to get you a room right away then fine, but if rooms are ready then it just seems like a fee to rip you off. Also you pretty much have to pay for it because after you get done tipping the bell desk who stores your luggage and retrieves it later your pretty close to the $15 anyways.The second thing and the most annoying thing is these people the have at the exits in the mall area by the casino trying to sell you time shares, or whatever they sell. The seem to get pushier and pushier each day, one I told I was was not interested and he kept a step behind me the whole way to the door practically yelling at me the whole time. I do like the location and rooms, but these two annoyances makes me consider not staying here in the future.
3	Meh.  I think the whole place is a bit too synthetic for me?  Plastic?  I dunno.  Didn't seem real.  Although, there were a lot of people my age there, which was cool (30-something crowd).  If you're single and on the prowl, perhaps this is the place for you.I'm only giving it 3 stars, though, because I have terrible gambling luck here. Ha!
5	This review is for the casino and specifically, for the slot machines right by Earl of Sandwich. These machines are loose because they're in full view of mall-goers and will lure people in. Twice I've put a few bucks in and gotten at least twenty bucks back on my investment. :)
4	Stayed here while on business.  I had a magnificent room on the 32nd floor with a view of both pools, the Bellagio Fountain, and the strip. Awesome.  Can't say I was overly impressed with the room. The room had poor lighting and semi loud plumbing, but it was very spacious, and contemporary.  However, as a frequent traveler, I have experienced much nicer.  I do love the convenience of having the Miracle Mile shopping mall just outside of the casino. Love splurging in French Connection, Marciano, BCBG, Bettie Page (for my eclectic side), Benetton, Urban Outfitters, White House Black Market, and Bakers or Wild Pair when they have a decent looking shoe that doesn't lack in quality or craftsmanship. PH is one of my must stops for shopping because it houses the Coffee Bean, one of my favorite chain coffee shops. While I enjoy shopping at PH, I expected more in terms of the rooms. The rates are usually fantastic, but I would rather pay a bit more for luxury. In that regard, I will likely stick with the Venetian/Palazzo, Bellagio, Cosmopolitan (because I'm a Marriott elite snob, lol), or the Aria. 3 Stars for the room4 stars for the Miracle Mile Shops and great room rates
1	I am guessing that the good reviews are phony because I was more than disppointed such as, a $15 daily charge to use my laptop. no coffee maker and the Starbucks downstairs doesn't open until 7AM. When I stopped two employees for information neither had a clue where the front desk was. Speaking of employees, this place has no security that I saw in 4 days and based on the crowd in the shopping area having cops around would be needed. Who ever entered the room to clean went inside of my suitcase. The bottom line is there has to be better rooms elsewhere where the gang bangers are not wall to wall.
1	I don't think planet hollywood even deserves one star at all. So first of all me and my friends have been staying here since friday night. On sunday the front desk calls and tells us were moving rooms because of an "emergency". The front desk did not explain to us what the emergency was. So we moved rooms and they upgraded our room. And we left to go out to a club that night. Then after we came back to our room that night; my friend noticed there was a switch blade knife next to the table by her bed. Then after that we checked all our stuff, both of my friends noticed their cash was missing from their wallets. Wtf?! The security guard came, took pictures, and took a statement from my friends. The front desk changed our room. But they did not refund our money or anything. All they gave us was coupons to use at a buffet. I'll never be staying here again. The rooms are affordable but I rather pay more to make sure my valuables are safe.
4	Tough call here.  I would probably give the hotel itself just a 3 based on the rooms.  They seemed tired, dated and, in some places worn.  But the basics were there.  A comfortable bed, hot water in the shower and an HVAC that worked as required.What I really liked about Planet Hollywood was the set up of the Hotel and the Casino.  Unlike other hotels where you have to walk for what seems like miles, everything was easy to locate, right near the elevators and overall very pleasant. We also had a really fun time people watching at the Heart bar in the casino that was centrally located and had a bartender that really knew how to craft great cocktails. So, based on the setup I will give the extra star and call it a four. Thank you.
3	As far as the hotel portion is concerned, this is a tremendous value to stay here.  The casino is a nightmare.  I'll get back to that.The employees and service at this hotel is really superb.  I ordered room service one evening and there was a knock at my door less than 15 minutes later.  Excellent!Front desk check in had a long line but moved quickly and the employees behind the counter are the best I've seen.  Very helpful and pleasant.Make sure to ask for king bedroom and don't settle for two queens.... Even if you're anxious to get your Vegas stay started.  The King bedrooms are great.  The linens are stark white and comfortable.  Similar to a Hampton inn if you've stayed at one.50" flat screens on the wall make it easy to view the tv from the bed.  The desk and chair are very nice also if you're here on business.Hungry?  Go enjoy one of the best Rib Eyes I've ever had at their steakhouse, Strip House.The casino is a nightmare and caters to the 20 something crowd.  VERY loud and the blackjack dealers wear lingerie... not my thang.Also, all the gambling in the evenings is expensive.  You won't find a $5 table here.  Nor will you find a $10 table.  They start at $15 during the week and $25 on the weekend.  Stay for the rooms, gamble somewhere else.
5	Wowww Party all day and all night :) perfect casino and perfect atmosphere ! Pleasure pit ROcks Big time. Great location
1	Terrible is the only word to describe our stay. We stayed there last month and had a terrible experience. Slow check-in (Just key collection took over 45 minutes!), rude reception staff including the duty manager (who refused to accept that check in was slow!!!!!!) as well as getting over-charged, the hotel was awful. I wouldn't recommend this hotel at all.
2	Be ready for fees. Anything you can be charged for you will be. Got here early on Thursday and was told I had to pay a $25 fee for early check in. I did but the kicker was the room was already ready, so why the fee then. Next fee...Internet/wifi is $13.99 per 24 hours. No chance I was paying that. Next fee...phone. I got to my room and tried to make a local call for a dinner reservation, didn't work. Also my room phone didn't always work, you had to pull the cord to get a dial tone. I told the front desk about the phone and they did nothing . They then said that to make local calls you need to prepay a $150 on a credit card. I declined. Granted that fee eventually comes off but not the point. The room quality was not worth the price. The memorabilia in the room is cool but it doesn't serve a purpose other than for show. The bed was comfortable enough but dull looking with only sheets, no comforter, looked like a hospital bed. The furniture was scratched up also. I went in December so it was cold outside. The heater in the room has to kick on every five minutes or so to keep it at 73. Trying to sleep with this thing kicking on was a pain, kept waking up. On to the bathroom. Good size shower and tub, never used the tub however. The shower literally took ten minutes for the water to heat up. This wasn't major as I just let it run before getting in, but at a hotel for this price I expected better. But it wasnt a very strong shower either. The sink water pressure was good and the toilet was also good. The walls are super thin. You will hear other peoples showers. The rooms that are adjacent showers are so loud it drown out your tv noise. You will also hear doors opening and closing at all times so be prepared. The maid service was excellent, came daily. Elevators move quickly but can make your ears pop. The casino is very large but the table limits are higher than Paris next door. The pleasure pit is cool but its just an excuse to raise limits. The restaurant variety at the hotel was nice and the adjacency to the mile shops is awesome. Younger crowd plays here at night, older crowd during the day and afternoon. The location is excellent, center strip across from the Bellagio, but that isn't going to bring me back. Just not a good value for the money when compared to other hotels. Too many completely unneeded fees and too generic of a room for $$$
2	I would not stay here again even at the bargain price I received. The rooms were outdated, worn out beds (caved in the middle), and borderline dirty rooms. We upgraded to a fountain view room which had a great view of the Bellagio Fountains, but that was the highlight of the room. The room itself needs a deep cleaning in both the bathroom and sleeping quarters. Yes, no Resort fees, but WiFi charge is $13.99. Not much of a deal for the typical traveler that logs in during their stay.I like the convenience of having the Mile Mall attached to the Hotel which great shops and places to eat.This was a business trip, but the family wanted to tag along for just an overnight stay. I frown on people that take kids to Vegas and I normally would not take them, but it was just overnight and had them out only during the day. I regret taking them and especially stay at this hotel. This Hotel is DEFINITELY not for them with gamblers in lingerie and strip-bar-like dancing in a Casino slot machine area. With much effort the kids didn't see any of this. I never thought I would have to cover them from dancing, but hey, I brought them so it's on me. I'm just warning people who are thinking of bringing kids to stay elsewhere.Overall I would not stay not because of the kids, but because of the value here. Not so clean rooms, outdated, and uncomfortable beds is definitely a deal-breaker for me.
1	I would like to start off my review about this place by saying "NEVER AGAIN!!". This place should be called Planet Terror, not Planet Hollywood. My boyfriend and I needed a place to stay for the night while we were in town. This place had pretty good rates and there was no resort fee, so it seemed like a no-brainer. Well, if we only knew! We get to the hotel, find parking and get completely confused trying to find the actual resort from the parking structure. We had to walk through the miracle mile shops and navigate our way to, then through the casino and to the front desk.When we got our key and made it to our room it was a total nightmare. They put us in the BackDraft room, on the 22nd floor!! What genius thought of that?! I don't know about you but I don't want to think about a movie involving fires 22 floors up. The furniture was dark and oppressive, the window shade was broken and the shower was dirty. Thankfully I had my handy bottle of Lysol ready. The mattress was dirty and did not have a mattress cover, just a sheet folded over it. Needless to say, we slept on top of the covers. When I turned on the heater, a burnt smell came out of it and it started blowing cold air. I made a call to the front desk and a maintenance guy promptly came to the door to check it out. He said the thermostats are new, so to keep it running for 30 mins or so and it should heat up and he would be back to check. Well, he never came back and that damn thing stayed on all night blowing out cold air. You can bet we were up early and checked out with bells on. If that heater is on, I'm sure it still hasn't warmed up. Stay here if you like, but you have been warned! Just make sure you bring extra blankets and Lysol!
5	Nice hotel, just stepping out the front entrance and you are right on the strip.  However the internet is not free $13.99 a day.  I'll will change it 5 stars if I can get it reimburse when checking out ... and they did not charge me the internet, so I change the rating to 5 stars.
4	Visited PH while in Vegas for the Rodeo. I didn't stay here, but did partake in the nightly festivities. Came here specifically for the live band from 10pm-midnight and was not disappointed. Great music and great drinks. Loved the pretty girls dancing on the tables...sweeeet! This place was happening, even on a Wednesday night. Tables were crowded, people were having fun, and the music was loud. Bravo PH.
3	The outside of this hotel is very nice. The casino is modern too. Other than that I wasn't impressed with the hotel. The room I stayed in was old and looked like they took the old Aladdin hotel and added a Hollywood theme to it. The only thing I liked about the room was the big bath tub. The shower had a bit of rust in it. The bathroom only had one sink. The alarm didn't have an ipod dock. The bed was for the most part comfortable but it was a bit sunk. This is supposed to be a luxury hotel and I didn't think it really was. I highly recommend the Earl of Sandwich restaurant there though.
2	My wife and I checked in and were very pleased with the short wait for an early check-in and the complimentary upgrade to a bigger room.  The fun ended here.When we arrived in our room, the North Tower, 14th Floor, we were shocked at how old and outdated it was--slightly dirty, an incredibly poor layout (think the TV immobile and plastered along a side-opposing wall, barely any walking room between 2 double beds and the wall, and an unnecessarily huge entry way that took away from the bathroom or bedroom).  Since we are in Vegas, we could have lived with all of that since we weren't spending that much time in our room.  (The casino at PH is generally pretty fun, Earl of Sandwich is INCREDIBLE and ridiculously cheap, and having the Miracle Mile at your feet is both helpful and a huge bonus for places to eat, shop, get a drink, etc.)  Somewhere in all the hubbub and fun, our iPad mysteriously went missing...we called the Hotel Lost and Found/Security and they had nothing turned in.  Well of course nobody turned in a gadget they just lifted from a room.  Awesome.  I shouldn't have to lock up my iPad and computer when I travel.  Next time, I will either lock those things up (although who could fit anything more than a couple of watches in those tiny hotel safes) or cart them around with me...or avoid it altogether by not staying here again.  If we want a similar or more posh experience, we will stay at the Hilton Grand Vacations hotel located right behind PH (also attached to the Miracle Mile).Such a disappointment.
4	We go to Vegas 3-4 times a year, and we usually try to get free rooms on comps. At first this meant staying at Imperial Palace (RIP), but luckily we now rate high enough to stay at PH.Over the years we've stayed at IP, Bally's, TI, Excalibur and Luxor. None of them hold a candle to PH. First, its pretty central on the strip, and the best part is from your room to the strip isn't a 5 mile hike like it is at some hotels. Then there is the fact that there is an ABC store in the Miracle Mile shops to get beer, liquor and water cheap and close by. Then there is the fact that there are casual, fast places to fill your stomach when you wake up not feeling awesome (a Pink's chili dog will do wonders for a Vegas hangover).The casino is mid-range, most table games are $15 and up at night, but some drop to $10 minimums during the day. The dealers are friendly and if you like the scantily clad type (makes losing money less painful) the pleasure pit features plenty of eye candy at night.Then there are the rooms. They are smartly decorated and have some of the most comfortable beds I've found in Vegas. And the room hallways are quiet!All in all, my new favorite hotel/casino!
3	We decided to head to Las Vegas for NYE and wanted to be in the middle of everything and had to settle on Planet Hollywood, we were trying to get into Paris but they couldn't accomodate us for one of the 3 nights we were staying we ended up booking a room next door at Planet Hollywood. The theme is different, it's more for the younger crowd who like club like atmospheres. Our room had a movie theme to it with a couple pictures and ornamentation. The location of the hotel is great and is definitely right in the middle of everything on the strip, location wise it's an A+. It's easy to get around walking and there's walk ways connecting all the blocks. I would give them a 4 star because of service and location but the 3-stars is due to room quality and getting a smoking room when we requested a non-smoking one. We had to stay in it one night as we requested to have our room changed as soon as possible then they moved us up to the 8th floor the next day. We kept requesting a nicer room especially for spending $$$ for 3 nights on NYE weekend. and we just wanted something just a little nicer and were supposed to get one on the 25th floor but later said we didn't get it after telling us we could have it. Had we gotten a non-smoking room and a nicer room that was mentioned to us, it would have been a perfect stay.  You want to ask for the red room and better, the others are worn and tired. I've been to Las Vegas many times and the room was a bit pricey and under par for the measure. However we had a good time going to shows and experiencing NYE on the strip and nice restaurants in town.The parking is very confusing, we had trouble just finding the valet but the service and staff were top notch. They are nice, friendly, and helpful.Food: The Mexican restaurant inside PH is pretty good, the Sunday Champagne Brunch is excellent and costs about $32 per person. The normal buffet is around $20 and the breakfast one is just OK, however their dinner buffet has gotten some good review, we didn't eat there though. We visited some really nice restaurants around town. There's also a burger restaurant that has Gordon Ramsey's name inside and a Starbucks in the lobby and upstairs. There's also a couple other eateries inside as well as the shopping mall.Planet Hollywood also opens up into the Miracle Mile shopping center, lots of shops, some good art galleries, it's great you can get in there directly from the casino. They are also part of Pet Stay so are pet friendly.Overall a good location, mediocre rooms for the price albeit we were there on a busy weekend. We ended up at other hotels more often and spent more time away from the hotel than in it.
3	I've stayed at PH twice and even though on my birthday weekend, we coincidentally got a room with Star Trek memorabilia (I'm a huge Trekkie, so imagine my excitement), both trips were pretty terrible.First time, I ended up in the hospital (had nothing to do with PH) and the second time, I spent a good hour or two wrapped up in one of our bed's comforters, crying to my friends in the hallway outside of our room (probably the most dramatic Vegas trip thus far). Even though both times, there was absolutely nothing wrong with PH, the mention of PH still brings back bad memories.With that said, I feel like it's unfair to rate them poorly, so based on the hotel itself, I have no complaints! I mean, come on, Star Trek memorabilia?! I was so excited when my friend pointed it out when we were settling in. Both times, we stayed in a Hollywood Hip Room and the beds were pretty comfy.Plus, Earl of Sandwich is located inside PH and anytime you're hungry (seriously, it's open 24/7), you can go down and grab a sub! Since our friends are Diamond members, we also don't have to wait in the horrendous line to order.3.5
5	This is one of my favorite vegas hotels. Earl of Sandwich makes it ten times better. Clean hotel, great location, very nice.
4	I stayed three nights in this hotel after staying for 1 and a half night at the Luxor(Sucks).As my first time staying here,I loved this place.The room was nice and clean.I will stay here again when I come to Vegas!
4	More of a poker room review. One of the softest rooms on the strip, and that's a good thing. Located near the passion pit, lots of smoke in the air, and fast drink service. All of this contributes to the loose atmosphere. Few locals, so the competition is mostly drunk tourists. Any decent player can make a killing here if they just sit tight. The dealers are average or above average. They also have a high hand jackpot with a progressive for royal flushes. Four of a kind pays 100 as long as you table it and straight flushes pay 250.      As for the rest of the casino, I really like the atmosphere. Young, loud, and with great eye candy everywhere. The buffet isn't bad and the Earl of Sandwich is awesome for late night eats. I'm a big fan of this casino overall and I'd say I spend more time here then any other casino.
3	Overall: This hotel is just that A-okay. I had requested a king non-smoking room and when I went to go check in after the 3pm checkin time, I was informed that all they had available was a king smoking room so I said okay. So I went up to my room and was pleasently surprised to find that the room didn't smell like smoke at all which was nice. i had a room on the 6th floor which gave me a view of the roof of the mall I believe. But hey I was not going to be in the room all that much so hey not everyone can have a great view in life. One thing that did suck was that if you don't use valet then you have to walk all the way through the mall with your luggage to get to the reservation/ check in desk which is annoying. However it is on a great location on the strip. Easy to get everything you need. The room: The room was decent sized nothing super spectacular about the room. I had an indian jones themed room which was nice to have Harrison Ford looking over me as I slept. The bed was okay comfortable and clean. But the best thing about the entire room was the oversized bath tub. I don't have one at home so I took advantage of it almost everynight. The casino is a decent size, I didn't gamble much so. The mall is a nice attachment which provides you with shopping oppertunities and fast food options right at your fingertips. I ate at a restaurant downstairs called Yolo which was actually pretty good. I would definatly stay here again if I can find as good of a deal as I did this time.
5	I'm now a huge fan. The restaurants are great, very easy access to the Mile Mall and to the Strip. They have a separate floor for the casino so those who do not gamble can avoid it all together along with the smoking. Their suits are beautiful and gave a very nice view of the strip. Pools didn't look too tempting, but I don't go to vegas to swim! Won 1600 bucks at this casino and already have blocked off rooms for my wedding party.
5	I was actually very surprised about how much I loved PH. It really does have all the makings of a great hotel without paying that extreme markup (plus NO RESORT FEES). I would probably give this place 4 stars, but I'm biased because I was pretty lucky at the casino here.Location: Center of the strip. Everywhere is within walking distance or you could always take a cab anywhere and not pay too much. I think some people think this aspect is overrated, but it was perfect for our group when we went to all the other hotels.Rooms: Pretty nice rooms. We got a Mountain Resort room and the view wasn't that great though, so I would probably stick with something else. We just took it because we wanted more space and the his-and-her sinks were a plus.Shopping: Normally I wouldn't list shopping here, but they do have the Miracle Mile shops attached to the casino and the ABC store is a very cheap place to buy alcohol or bottled water. Some of their drink prices were the same you would see in a grocery market back home like Safeway.Casino: The Pleasure Pit is full of scantily clad women with low cut tops working the tables and attractive dancers who dance on top of the tables. Not much more you could ask for here. Music is also pretty good and keeps things going, even at 6am. The sports betting area feels a little laid back and almost reminds me of a theater seating.Food: There's plenty of choices here from the Spice Market Buffet to Earl's. I would definitely hit up Earls, but the buffet is pretty good as well (large selection).Club: Even though I had a VIP pass to go here, we didn't even bother trying. You probably don't want to waste your time here when you could just go across the street to Marquee or even down the strip to XS.Overall: Great place to stay. We got a really good Cyber Monday deal and that price really sold it for me.
3	It's an Ok hotel room. Not very clean. I walked to the door to find a dirty wine glass and a safety pin on the floor. God only knows how long it's been since they vacuumed the floor. The view is fantastic and the bed is decent. I checked for bed bugs and did not see any. The bathroom is large with a stand up shower and a soaking tub. The hair dryer is a regular Conair 1875 watts. It is not an ion or ceramic dryer.  There is no fridge unless you tell the front desk you need one for medicinal purposes and they won't charge you. Otherwise there is a daily charge. There is also a daily charge for wifi $13.99 but if you go to the Starbucks it's free. The hotel location is perfect and in the middle of everything. The gentleman at hotel registration was very nice and accommodating. He gave us a complimentary upgrade with a view of the strip but it was located right next to the elevators. Room 3517 was very conveniently located and noisy if you have partyers on your floor or if you are opposed to hearing soaring winds from the elevator banks. If you are interested in getting some bottles of liquor there is a convenient ABC store located in the mall. Do not go to Walgreens, it is such a ripoff. The rooms definitely need some updating.  At night the pleasure pit turns lively with a bunch of girls gyrating to the clubby like music.  On weeknights, there are several prostitutes hanging around the elevator banks looking for some action.  The mall is the best part of the hotel.  It is very nice and very convenient if you only need to grab a quick bite.  The best is Earl of Sandwich, this is a definite "Must visit" and so is Gordon Ramsey's BURGR joint in the casino.  Now that I've tasted the hell's kitchen burger, I will probably hate all others.  Reviews for those eateries on my profile as well. We can't really complain that much since we only paid $90 a day through Priceline for this conveniently located hotel.
4	Casino: Newer, very hip and modern decor, located in the center of the strip, miracle mile shops, tons of ABC stores open later for your convenience, Earls of Sandwich open 24/7, Fat Tuesday, starbucks, nightclubs, bars, and Gordon Ramsay's new burger joint; definitely a place that the younger crowd frequents.Hotel Room: I've stayed here twice and both times I thoroughly enjoyed the stay. The first room was a resort room with the mountain view which is basically no view, but both the bathroom and room were very clean and spacious. The second time was at a jr. suite and the room was amazing with a view of the Bellagio fountains. No resort fees!Cons: it gets super smoky in the casino floor but because they don't use any air freshener like other casinos do, it gets really noticeable. But, if you walk out of the casino and to the shops, the problem goes away.Absolutely my go to place when visiting vegas!
5	My friend and I stayed here last week. We stayed in 3518 and the rooms are really spacious. We didn't get a view of anything just a parking lot and mountains. I think each room here is movie themed. We got the "Honey, I shrunk the kids" theme. Beware, there is an ugly prop in the table by the window. It was a huge ant. I thought it was a huge spider so I screamed. ( I hate spiders ) Well anyway, the room was located near the elevator which was really convenient. Every few minutes or so, I would hear the elevator ding. The hotel is located in the middle of the strip and across fom the city center. Two thumbs up that there's a pedestrian bridge from city center to ph.  I liked the miracle mile shop downstairs which many different selections of stores. Two thumbs up for Earl of sandwiches and Fat Tuesdays.
2	Rooms need updating but the casino was fun.  In addition I left my jacket in the closet and called their lost and found when I got home that night.  The room had been cleaned and re-occupied and my jacket was no where to be found.  The casino floor was nice, but that's it.
4	For my first time in Vegas we stayed at this place. It was right in the middle of the strip which was awesome, you can walk all over the place. The room was quiet, and decent, the bathroom was spacious. I thought we could really use a mini fridge in the room, but seeing as there wasn't one, we had to improvise and use the sink lol. I thought the carpets looked pretty dirty though. I almost got lost because its such a big place. It sucks that you have to pay for internet, but that's how business goes. I don't know why the freakin parking lot has to be so far! I liked how each room had different movie memorabilia. The room we got had Rambo stuff in it, and the room my brother got had ...well, I forgot what movie it was, but it was pretty cool. I don't gamble much so I didn't really spend much time in the casino area. I'd definitely stay here again.
1	If I could, I would not give PH any stars.  WOSRT EXPERIENCE EVER!!  Shabby is how I would describe everything about this hotel.  First, my mom had USED hand soap in her room and we both had soap scum and grime around our faucets.  My room had no light on the desk, which made an already dark room seem like a cave and no garbage can in the bathroom.  Also, my mom's room WAS NEVER CLEANED!!  Not that it was very clean when we checked in.  On our third day, we were leaving the next day, we finally said something.  The guy working the front desk was very nice.  He told us that complaints about housekeeping were QUITE COMMON!!!!  When we spoke to his manager, we realized that no one cares about complaints and things that need to be improved.  One of the first things he said was 'there is nothing I can do for u.'  Uhh, what.  When did we ask for anything?  We just wanted to let them know what was going on.  Honestly, I feel like our entire conversation with the manager was a waste of time because he obviously does not care.  Also, they do not offer late check-out, not even for a fee, so you have to book an extra night.  Seriously!  For how much I payed, I expected more.  I understand that it is not Bellagio or Venetian, but it is not a Motel 6 either.  The only good things were Earl of Sandwich and the 24hr Starbucks.
4	I have been staying at Planet Hollywood at least once a year for the past 5 years. I'm part of the promotional team behind a custom knife show that happens every Labor Day Weekend at this hotel. PH has been so good to us over the years that I decided to stay here while I was in Vegas for the SHOT Show.The rooms are large and comfortable and each one ties in with the theme of a movie. When I'm in Vegas, hotel rooms are for sleeping...and I slept comfortably here. The TV selection may be limited, but again...you're in Vegas...why are you watching TV? My only real complaint is the WiFi isn't free. Not a major thing, but as a sportswriter covering the fight scene, you do need to log in and file a story or post pics from time to time!The Casino is a great place to party, drinks are pricey, but its Vegas! The food selection is extremely good for a hotel of this size, too!
1	One word : HORRIBLE1. We checked in 40 minutes sooner, a person at the reception looked at us as if,why are you even here at this time, and offered to give us a room for $16 extra. I don't recall the exact amount, but it was not acceptable.2. Room was dirty, layers of dust, bathroom tile grout dirty, broken tile.3. They had a suit of an actor that has passed away, why would i want a suit of a dead person next to my bed?4. I called the management to complain, got an "i don't care attitude". We ended up leaving to a different hotel early morning. ---I have pictures to prove.
3	This is one of those Casino's that magically popped up. Vegas is such a crowded strip that when casino's get built they are usually large, gaudy and everyone knows it's coming. Now granted I used to come to Vegas 10 times a year for years. I also took quite a bit of time from vacationing here and so by the time I got to stay here it's was established. Caesars has historically been known for shopping in Vegas, but the Miracle Mile of shops gives them a run for their money because of the variety and that all the shopping isn't just for women or fashionistas. I actually found some cool shops and not just a bunch of brand name designer shops predominantly patroned by women. Over the years my love for poker has died and I no longer play, except for ideal situations and Vegas isn't one of them. My love for craps has also waned, but my blackjack is in my blood and I still enjoy playing it, especially here. For me it's not the amount it's the vibe. Yea I usually stick to smaller amounts, but I don't mind the min amounts because I like the ambiance. The waitress' aren't any nicer, faster or better, but the feeling I get when playing here is something special and I make a point to play here when I'm in town. The rooms are a little too themed for me. They are large and comfortable the 2 top priorities, but aside from sleeping and getting ready I spend very little time here. It could be cleaner, but it was acceptable. Since it's right on the strip and in the middle of it the room views are excellent. The hotel itself isn't towering so most rooms are pretty easy to get to and I can make quick trips outside  easily. I find the room pricing to be a bit much with few specials. I get flyers and e-mails from many of the other larger casino's frequently, but not here. I no longer drive to Vegas and this being in the middle they will try and gouge you to get here, unlike some of the southern casinos. Gallery is a nice club to go to as a backup or if your able to go early to a better club and come here afterwards. It's the old Prive club revamped. I actually prefer coming here Thursdays versus weekends which can get packed, since the music is better than imo. Something I think all Vegas Clubs need to consider is the specialized music will draw more people than a new name or a new design. Will review separately as well.As gimmicky as much of the hotel and decorations are if you stick to the table games areas you'll enjoy yourself. All slots areas are equally boring at all casino's, but leaving my room and going to the table games has an excellent view and vibe. Spice Market is the buffet. It's not the biggest, not the best, not the more varied, but what is does have is diversity. As the name suggests they do quite a bit of ethnic foods here like curry, cous cous, KBBQ, Kabobs on top of the usual's. Price is ok, cleanliness is good, service is excellent, but the variety reminds me a bit of a global food court. Crab legs pre split is a real plus, but they could be fresher. No lobster though. Will review separately as well.It's not the biggest or the best or the nicest or the newest and I almost want to give them 4 stars.
4	Located in the heart of Vegas, the hotel is nice and access to shopping stores within the resort makes it very convenient. The downside is that parking lot is far from the hotel. If you don't mind walking a distance, this is great place to rest and have fun. As for the slot machines, I find that other casinos have more variety.
3	It just seems so unfair to compare PH to the likes of the Venetian and the Cosmo, but it's definitely not a bad hotel. The best part about this is that it has a popular casino with a lot of reasonable minimums.  This would be the place to go for lots of $15 and $10 minimums.  And of course, PH is connected to the wonderful Miracle Mile shops and Earl of Sandwich.The rooms themselves aren't bad and pretty spacious ... but for the price, you'd expect a little better quality.  It's one of the older hotels, so I guess there should be some leniency ... but with such a grand hotel like the Cosmo right across, it's hard to not compare.If you want convenience with somewhat moderate pricing, this is the place to go!  Stayed here many times and can't complain too much :)
2	The hotel rooms and hallways are dark and depressing.  Even the elevators are dark and depressing.  The casino is great though. The buffet is awesome.  I think I will stay at the Paris and walk over to gamble and eat at the buffet.
2	I'm pretty torn about my time in Planet Hollywood. First off, it was my first time staying here. Usually when I talk to my friends who visit Vegas they always recommend PH because its a hip, young and modern hotel. What they fail to mention is how gross it is.Sure, the lobby is adjacent to Rockbar and Earl of Sandwich. And my room window was cool because it was straight on The Bellagio Million Dollar Fountain. But let's just be real here, that's its only winning quality.The hotel it self is super worn out. It seems stuffy and dusty all the time. The hotel hallways always seem full of junky take out service and the cleaning carts are always left hanging around blocking the way. I mean, I was out all day and that night *ahem* morning when I stumbled back in, the hallways were hard to walk through because it seems like the cleaning staff here doesn't clear that stuff. At least make sure the hallways are clear every few hours, there's gross old food on those service carts that was out for hours!!And during my stay the elevator failed twice. Almost closing on my cousin's fiance --- literally the doors were going to shut as he was walking in...it was pressing on to his back, shut. Dangerous! Luckily, a guard came to help the door open.Also, when we got our room, which we requested to be on the non-smoking floor. Which, I know its Vegas, but c'mon in my sleeping quarters? Yeah the hallway was full of smoke and the smoke was seeping into my room. Like a big mega cloud of smoke. I'm sure there was more than one room full of smokers...gross.In addition to that on the same floor my cousin's room had stains on the sheets while my bathroom sink was clogged and the batteries in my tv remote were dead.That's the last time I stay in that wannabe modern hotel. I'd give them zero stars if I could. I'm giving one star for the window view and one star for Earl of Sandwich.  If you got some dolla dollas spend them elsewhere.
3	After 6 months of fighting with Planet Hollywood, they finally issued me a reimbursement check for the money that was stolen out of my wallet. They wouldn't admit liability for their security guard being the culprit, but are we really surprised? I'll raise them one star for the good gesture...maybe they really do care about customer service?
4	***Had a blast for a birthday party and got a free room upgrade***Booked the room on lastminute.com and got a room with 2 queens for $100. Check in was at three and I asked for an upgrade because it was my birthday and they said yes:). We were on the the 16th floor and we ended up in a Cleopatra room, it was complete with a TV room, king bed and a huge bathroom. The bathroom was the best part and had a walk-in shower and jacuzzi tub,plus it overlooked the pool and the view of the strip was amazing. The only bad part was the walk from the parking garage to the lobby. It is the LONGEST walk ever, especially with luggage. After we got to the lobby we realized the valet parking would have been our best option since it was right in front of the lobby. So valet!Oh and you have to pay for WI-FI....LAME!
4	Normally I wouldn't a fan of tacky Planet Hollywood themed anything, but I was surprised how nice some of the rooms and the upgrades around the hotel in general are! The larger suites are really big and the theme is fun and not TOO tacky :)
4	Paid $112/night out the door for 02/08-02/10. This is a great King bedroom for that price. I don't think I would pay for then $130/night. The room is spacious and the bathroom is pretty big. I wouldn't say this place needs a renovation but it does need a restoration. The furniture is getting a bit old and needs to be replaced but it's really nice.
3	Rooms were clean, kinda smelled  like mildew in entry. Staff very nice.My 1 complaint was, after gambling for several hours and losing $600. I asked for a buffet voucher or something of that effect. I was told I had only earned $1.37 in credit. WTF?????
4	This place has dancers all over the casino floor, hot girls, not gonna lie. Unfortunately this place has very little blackjack, gets really loud (moreso than usual compared to other casinos).  But if you are into the club atmosphere on the casino floor then this is the place for you. This connects to the Hilton hotel as well.
3	Good hotel. Convenient bc it was in the middle of the strip, kinda. (Local hotels were the Cosmo, Bellagio, Paris, Caesars palace) Earl of sandwich and Fat Tuesdays are in this hotel as well. So that was a plus. Yolos Mexican grill was also located in the hotel. Id stay at this hotel again :)
4	I'm a big fan of Planet Hollywood! It's probably my go to place to book a room. I'm absolutely in love with their tower Elara which has spacious suites! I've stayed in a one bedroom suite and a two bedroom suite, both amazing, spacious, comfortable, modern and most importantly affordable!! The living areas and kitchens are just awesome added bonuses. I've also stayed in Planet Hollywoods standard rooms. Their two queen size bedroom is perfect for a group of 4-5 feeling still spacious and comfortable!Planet Hollywood has a miracle mile filled with lots of shops, Fat Tuesday (a must have when your in Vegas), and an Earl of Sandwich opened 24/7! What more can you ask for?Best part of Planet Hollywood is LOCATION! It's right across the street from the Cosmopolitan, and walking distance to Paris and other great hotel and casinos. Looking to book a big trip? Split a room in their suites and I guarantee you won't be sorry!
3	Good hotel in a perfect mid strip location. You're close to everything and attached to the giant Miracle Mall shops where there are lots of places to eat and drink (and I suppose shop if you enjoy that sort of thing). The casino is okay but not huge, they do have Earl of Sandwich on the casino floor of you want a quick and tasty meal day or night.As for the hotel, the rooms are adequate but starting to show their age. They have a new large flat screen TV but then there was a weird chunk missing from the bathroom door so it's a little hit and miss. The beds were comfortable and there are movie props in the rooms which is unique. Beware that they seem to love to nickel and dime you here, they only had rooms available at 1pm for a 3pm check in if we paid a $16 "early check in fee" and Internet was $13.95 a day so be careful not to use it unless you want to pay.Great location and I'd stay here again if the price were right.
3	Slightly aging rooms and carpeting in the planet hollywood and our particular room had lots of ambient lighting that was non-functioning, however the bathroom had a fabulous large bathtub which made for a great soak after a long day. Our bed was quite comfy too.It's location is really convenient, it has lots of dining options within or nearby and the Miracle Mile shops which is great. The hotel does a pretty good job of keeping the air fairly un-smokey. With so many really cool options, this hotel was just fine, but lacks the something special that I want when I go to Vegas.
2	I cannot find anywhere on here to review their concert venue, PH Live, so I'll just review it here.  ***This is not based on the hotel itself, or the Miracle Mile shops, or the restaurants there.  Attended the Linkin Park concert with a friend this past weekend. Ticket stub said 9:00pm.  Didn't say if doors were opening earlier, or if that was when doors were opening. We arrived at 815pm, parked in the lot across from the parking garage on Audrie Lane?..whatever the road is behind there to access the parking garage.  Got to the venue at 830pm. There was a line, as expected.  We started walking to find the end of the line....and walked, and walked...and walked. We actually stopped for a beer at Ocean One Bar and Grille. Took it to go as the line seemed to be moving. We walked, and walked, and walked...finally ended up by Cabo Wabo, which is the complete opposite end of where we started!!! It's now 850pm. We ask the security guard directing people into line, if all of these people are going to get into the venue in time for the show in 10 minutes. She shrugged. We asked if my friend's Diamond Status with the hotel had any "help" for us getting in quicker, again no clue. We decided to forego standing in line and headed through the casino to the other side where we started. The band was playing already. :/    I went up to a security guard by the door and asked about the Diamond Card and sure enough, we got right through, no waiting. Had to chug our beers.  "Beers" as in another we bought expecting to wait a long time. I feel bad for the people that were in line on the other side of the mall. Linkin Park played about an hour and 15 minute set, and I'm sure those at the end of the line saw maybe 20 minutes of the show at the most. They seriously need to open the doors earlier, or find a way to move people in quicker because it's just not working....
3	The decor was nice & the hotel is centrally located on the Strip. The Miracle Mall was pretty big and had the "Beverly Hills/Hollywood" feel to it. It was kept very clean and had beautiful chandeliers throughout the hotel. They do have plenty of Planet Hollywood stores for purchase for Planet Hollywood fans.
4	Love this place- by far my favorite casino on the strip. Middle of everything. Great shops.
3	My fiance and I stayed here during the summer- when we arrived they offered to upgrade our room to a fountain view for a "small fee" and we agreed of course thinking it was a good deal. Our room was nice, our bathroom was WONDERFUL, our view though... was not very good. Even "upgraded". Our window was the SMALLEST window I have ever seen in a hotel and we could barely see the fountains. Our location was awesome though, I loved how all the shops were right there and we were smack dab in the center of the strip. That was definitely worth it. Room service was okay, the front desk wasn't very accommodating however. We wanted to check out an hour later than normal because of the time of our flight home- we were told that they had no idea if it was okay and to call them the morning of. We asked what time would be best to call- again they couldn't tell us. We wound up waking up at 6am to call and see- they gave us an extra half hour. I was grateful because they did not have to give us a late check out, but at the same time they were a little ridiculous about the whole thing. All in all our stay was very pleasant but there were things I would have changed.
4	We came here to shop, eat, and catch a show.  We loved the layout of their shopping area and the show we caught was called the Variety Show. Damn good if you ask me! My review is based on everything we exp outside of staying at the hotel itself. Would love to stay here sometime to see how the rest of the casino is like.
5	love this casino. the dancing girls dont hurt either.
2	The actual hotel and casino itself is pretty nice. The rooms I've been in were clean and it had a very modern look. Any staff I've interacted with for the most part was pleasant whether is be gambling, eating or just cruising through.The downsides. If you self park in their 11 floor parking garage you will have to walk through the Miracle Mile shopping complex, from end to end, to get to the hotel. So it's not bad if youre aiming for only the MM but quite a walk if your target is the casino & hotel. Valet is an option to avoid that. Unfortunately the two times I used valet. Both times it took up to 5min just for a valet to come and hand us a ticket since there was a long line and it seemed like only 1 person was doing it. The first valet leaving PH it took about 15min to get the car. The second time after sitting and waiting for about 15min I went back to the valet counter to ask how long more it would be. The guy there got on his walkie and checked for us and after a few minutes he informs us that it seems they've misplaced my car. My friends and I couldn't believe it! We were only there for a couple hours. While waiting to see if the other guy could find it I did talk a little with the valet at the counter and he said they have been short handed alot lately and if I remember correctly, on that day according to him, there was only 2 people running the valet when the norm should be 4-5. I felt kinda dumb but I actually was timing this 2nd time doing valet since how it went the first time. Finally after 30min, the 2nd valet shows up with my car. He explains he hadn't actually lost or misplaced my car, he had lost the keys. So I guess either the counter valet either misheard or misinformed us? He said the keys must have fell out of his pocket when he was in the shuttle they use for valet? Sounded weird but ok. I asked for them to call their boss since this was simply a joke how bad it was at the valet twice now. Someone did show 5min later and I mainly complained about how long the valet takes and how could they let the service get that slow at the valet, going in and out. We were apologized to and about my car keys being misplaced for 30min. Was offered a free buffet there for the 4 of us which we did accept. My friends were staying at PH during that time.So besides the horrible layout of PH(which didnt change since it was converted from Aladdin) and valet, the rest isn't too bad.
2	This place was chosen as the site of our four day conference. With any luck and all my best intentions, I hope to never see it again. I could go on a rant for days but cover the lowlights:  The registration process was fouled. I had arranged a room upgrade before coming but upon check-in was told it had not been implemented. I was in no mood to discuss it having just humped through half of the Miracle Mile to get from the self park parking lot to the registration desk at which I could not hear the clerk due to the thudding of the obnoxious "music" that was coming discordantly from several different sources. I signed, paid for our five night stay and closed  closed the bill so no incidentals would be added. Four days later the message desk tells us there is a written message for us to call the front desk about our stay. My wife did call and they wanted an additional $196.00 for the upgrade I tried to pay for at check-in.  The upgrade?  A Strip view room "deluxe."  The room was not bad but it was no deluxe and the view consisted of pressing to a small window in the corner and peering out a badly water-spotted window at the lovely roof below and the construction crane beyond it. I believe that since they fumbled the check-in, they should eat the cost of our lavish room in which the closet door would not close with clothes in it and there was only one chair. My last issue is coffee. There is none in the rooms and two understaffed Starbucks down below. Oh! Oh! Oh!  I almost forgot:  They want $14.00 per device per night forWi-Fi!   A fifteen person line takes 30 minutes to ride. This place is way overhyped.
4	Location wise, you can't do better: it's a 10 minute bridge-walk away from the Cosmopolitan, and the freaking Earl of Sandwhich is here. That right there makes it worth staying at: wake up hungover, get some Earl of Sandwhich. Finished clubbing for the night? Earl of Sandwhich. Also, the $20-tip at check-in worked wonders for me last time I was here, so I'm giving it a fourth star for that.But every time I gamble here, I get fleeced. Never again, PH. Never again.
4	Hip casino with great music.  I could hang out in the Heart Bar for hours playing poker and taking advantage of free drinks.   And don't forget to check out the Mandara spa.   I treated myself to an 80 minute swedish massage - WORTH IT.   The mani and classic pedi were good but a bit overpriced but the service was great and the facilities excellent.
3	The place looks amazing since the name change from Aladdin, the parking garage entrance is still crappy though. The place was busy for a Presidents weekend, maybe the recession is over...Right
4	The rooms aren't that impressive, but I love staying at this casino.It's right in the heart of the Strip, across the street from Bellagio, and next to Paris.  The Miracle Mile Mall is attached/behind the hotel, which provides some easy and convenient shopping.  There is a Sephora right next to entrance/exit of the casino, which is awesome and convenient since I forgot some of my lipsticks at home. There are also TWO Starbucks in the casino. One in the lobby, and one on the casino floor.There are also some great food options in here, including The Strip House, P.F. Chang's, Earl of Sandwich, and Gordon Ramsey's BurGR.  At 8 pm or so, the pleasure pit area of the casino floor really heats up and turns into a mini-club. Tons of gogo dancers come out, and dance behind the blackjack tables in the boss's pits. A DJ also plays the latest Top 40 hits, so you're singing and dancing along, and if you were losing steam at all before, the vibe wakes you up!Really enjoyed staying at Planet Hollywood, and can't to visit again when I go back!
5	Really enjoyed staying here. Stayed for a 5 day conference. This hotel is central to everything on the strip. I went to Earl of Sandwich to eat every single day we were there. Great sandwiches at a normal price $6 or $4 for breakfast. Got to do some gambling too and while I'm not quite sure I won, they have some fun slot machines. Our room was very clean and checking in was easy. However, our friends who slipped the guy a $20 got a waaaaay better room, upgraded to a suite overlooking the Bellagio fountain. Now I know for next time. Only bad part about this place is the casino level is super hard to navigate. It took us five days to somewhat figure out the layout and  I'm still thinking we would get lost in there. Would definitely stay here again.
1	simply awful.  if you stay here, you either:- are new to vegas and got suckered in,- appreciate filthy, subpar accommodations,- are staying for free.we fall into category 3.  the wife and i stayed here one night, courtesy of her company (which we do appreciate).  but this review is of the hotel, not her company.our room was dated, filthy, and NOT smoke free.  the bathroom had nasty mold, crud in multiple crevices.  i should have taken photos.  smoke free floor?  yeah right.  it reeked of cig smoke ALL NIGHT LONG.  it was probably the fuckers staying next door.  the smoke was pumping through the heater vents all night long.  thank you!yeah, we could have complained but what a hassle that would have been to gather all of our stuff, move, hope for the best, etc., etc.the bed was crap, too.  there was a pleasant sinkhole right in the center of the old, tired ass mattress.  sure, i love sleeping close to my wife but not like we're sharing a hammock.  the pillows were so thick, hard and uncomfortable, we had to ditch them, too.  oh, and the closet was missing its doors.  wtf?  who the hell stole that shit?the two redeeming qualities of the hotel?  the starbucks downstairs and the pf chang's room service.  damn, we grubbed on some hot and sour soup and some variation of their deep fried, battered chicken in some sweet, spicy sauce after dusting off some macallan!  fatties!  seriously, though, if you can afford to stay somewhere else, don't short change yourself.
4	As a "Total Rewards" person, the wife and I get offers from all of the Harrah's casinos and we have come to enjoy this one probably the most. It's centrally located in the heart of the strip and has numerous slots and table games. Nice shopping close by, (for her, not so much me), good food and drinks are available in the Miracle Mile shopping area as well.The crowd in general is a bit young for us, (not that I mind, it just makes us realize that we are getting old!!!). The biggest complaint we have is the parking access and availability sux!!! You really need to valet but there have been rare occasions when either us (or friends) staying at the hotel have found that the valet is full and service is unavailable.
2	After this place was recommended by several people we are not fans.  We loved the location and access to the miracle mile shops, however, the room was dirty, the toilet was clogged, and it took forever to get someone to fix it.  The view was also crap and the room needed an upgrade 5 years ago.  The only good thing is that we didn't spend too much time in the room, and the shades worked extremely well.  We will not be staying at this Hotel again.  It is too bad because I had high hopes for this place and it was extremely disappointing.
4	I love this hotel, the location is convenient , there's a shopping mall in the hotel so if your not a gambler you can shop.  There's a large selection of eateries especially earl's sandwich which is 24/7 and inexpensive. We tried BURGR that was great too!  The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the room, we got a room with two beds which made the room look a little larger than if you had a king size, the bathroom had a extra large tub but too bad it wasn't a jacuzzi , the walk in shower door was backwards or designed wrong because after you showered you have to open the door and reach behind the door for you towel and wellll...the cold air would rush in, at least put a towel hook on the wall so you could just reach for your towel more quickly.oh the the kicker was as I type this review on the sitting chair near the window the air vent next to me is filthy dirty with dust bunnies, you would think they could vacuum the vents once in a while.
3	My friends and I took a girls trip to Vegas and booked the room far enough in advance to get a really good rate for 3 nights. The themed rooms were neat, most restaurants were good and the attached mall were really great. It wasn't the cleanest or nicest hotel room but I would definitely recommend it if you're looking for a room in a good location.
2	I have stayed in many hotel/casinos in Las Vegas in the past 46 years.  This is the worst!  The deferred maintenance in the hotel is everywhere.  Our room was dingy, not really dirty, but dark and awful decor.  The interior of the elevators were not maintained, tarnished brass.  The meeting rooms had dusty columns, dirty carpet.  The Planet Daily was a good restraunt - food, etc. as was PF Changs they were the best part of the hotel.  I would not recommend and will NEVER stay there again!
3	Planet Hollywood is mediocre at best. When I booked my room months in advance, I requested a non-smoking room. When I checked in, my room was definitely not smoke free. I called down to the desk and they said that was just a preference and they don't guarantee smoke free rooms. This is unfortunate.Other than that the room was fine, it had a big bathtub which was nice and the bed was comfortable. I ordered room service two mornings and the food was fast and really good. It's location on the strip is really convenient and the rooms are pretty affordable. The staff was really friendly and their is a starbucks on the ground floor.  Gordon Ramsay's BurGR is also in the resort which is absolutely delicious.Internet is 13 dollars a day, could have done without that extra charge but since I was there for work, it was unavoidable. Overall, Planet Hollywood is fine but there are other hotels in the area that will probably get you a better bang for your buck.
2	Although my stay was ok (for work meeting in Vegas-2 nights), I am noting some things that visitors should be aware of.  I travel a lot, I know everyone now nickel & dime's you-- I really hope that the FCC starts making all these ridiculous resort fees illegal. I paid 22.40/night extra for a resort fee, which strangely enough, you still have to pay to use the fitness center. I didn't use the pool or the internet. So annoying. If I pay this ridiculous fee, I want a coffee maker in my room, a newspaper, a bottle of gratis bottled water....NADA-gimme something!!!!  The Starbucks line in the lobby, I waited in twice, half an hour each time- they really need to get that situation fixed-it was so frustrating, I just want 1 black coffee. Overall, the bed was good, the tv good, clean enough, quiet enough..I just feel like a bottle of water, or least a bottle you can buy would be a big upgrade for this "Resort Fee", or a simple coffee coffee maker... I won't be staying here a again.
4	It is a pretty nice hotel & casino. They have a variety of places inside the hotel such as the Miracle mile mall, Starbucks, Sephora, and decent restaurants nearby. Its close to Bellagio and some of the new new hotels (Cosmopolitan, Aria and Vdara).  I enjoyed staying here because of the location.
4	This hotel doesn't get as much hype as it should. The casino is always clean, and the bars are nice. It's on my rotation everytime I visit.
4	Planet Hollywood is another good spot in vegas. Their shopping is probably some of the best being that they just finished the huge remodel to change over from Aladin a few years ago. Their casino is a lot of fun with the girls dressed the best in vegas in my opinion. They have very reasonable minimums throughout the day especially early on, and I had a pretty good time in their poker room.
2	First the parking was really confusing and ridiculous. They MADE us pay for Internet even though we were not going to use it. And since when did rooms not come with a fridge?! I'll stay somewhere else next time!
3	Stayed here a few times. would like to give 3 1/2 stars.Pros:- Location is prime-Attached to a mall-Many good restaurants-Peepshow was amazing ( I hope Holly Madison returns)-Surprisingly quiet and comfortable beds-We had a suite upgrade (Bellagio Fountain view)  Cons: -The rooms could use a little refreshing. When we stayed here 3-4 years ago everything was brand new. Now its looking a little dingy. -Pricey-The Mystery of our door being open with the lock out... A little scary.. nothing was missing from our room.I still like PH but think I will try somewhere a little more upscale next time.
4	I didn't stay at the hotel but I walked through the Mall, Casino and attended an event Koi. However I will say the shopping forum was really cool and the casino is really hip. I like the way the made look more like a hip hang out and the view from the upper level looking over the casino floor is super cool!
3	good place if the price is right its centrally located and it has the best sushi restaurant KOI
1	booked a suite for two nights here.the valet dropped my white jacket that was on the passenger seat on the floor, there was foot prints all over  my jacket.i brought it into the hotel to complain about it, they offered to dry clean the jacket for me, which was the only thing i asked for.the next day, i went back down to get my jacket...the jacket was in fact never dry cleaned and in stead was put into a plastic trash bag. they returned it to me still with foot prints all over and acted like nothing was wrong.I asked to talk to the manager, and a skinny African American lady came out from the back, and offered me $20 and told me to leave and go get the jacket cleaned elsewhere.i was nice and patient during the whole process, i only asked the hotel to clean my jacket but instead was being treated rudely. will never book from planet Hollywood again.
4	Finishing a 3-night stay here this week. Easy check-in and check-out. We stayed in a room with a view of the strip. Didn't cost but a few bucks more than the cheapest room, worth it as the view is mesmerizing. You pay that extra $25/day whatever it's called, it gives wifi for one device per day and use of the hotel fitness center, so take advantage.  We self-parked at the back of the hotel/Miracle Mile Shops. You walk quite a ways to the check-in desk so be prepared. You can do valet but honestly that seems crazy busy, but it is free minus your tip. Room lacks a frig and micro, more expensive rooms probably have them? Tub is a nice touch, bathroom large but don't expect bright lights in the room or bath;  that's reserved for the Strip, seriously. Room is clean, but could be cleaner, lots of what seems like sloppy surface cleaning. Paid about $100/night including that aforementioned $25 fee. For the price, Planet Hollywood is just fine.
3	I don't get the hype.I was pretty excited to check out the Planet Hollywood, as it seems to be the go to place for young Hollywood celebrating their 5 minutes of fame.We didn't stay here but walked around for awhile checking everything out.Honestly, not too much to see, its pretty small, average shops, overpriced food, the usual.There are better places to be on the strip, its fine but nothing special.
4	Fairly nice hotel!!
2	I don't know why I am posting here.  I usually post my hotel stays on Tripadvisor.  I stayed at the hotel for 2 nights.  The hotel was not very good.  They gave us a room with a broken blind.   Because I need the room to be dark to sleep, I asked them for another room since it needed to be fixed, but, the front desk refused.  They told me it was fixable.  I had to wait an hour for the guy to show up.  He stayed about an hour to fix the blinds. The shower drain was backed up.  Every time I used the shower, the water would back up.  The puddle in the shower was about an inch deep.  Who knows what kind of germs came out of there when it overflowed.  The housekeepers did not clean up our room too well after the clubbers checked out.  They left one club wristbands stuck to the glass displaying Steven Baldwin's shirt.   They left another one on the nightstand.  Yes, I was lucky enough to get a room honoring Steven Baldwin.  Don't think about swimming laps in the pool.  I tried, until the fat guy decided to stand right where I was swimming.  When I moved over to avoid him, there were little Asian girls that were in my way.  The lifeguard told me that I could swim my laps in the "Adult" pool.   I wasn't sure if the "Adult" pool  meant that there would be hot women all around while I was trying to swim, or if there would be naked people in that pool.  I didn't want to find out.  Naked people and hot women would definitely be too distracting for me since I was attempting to swim laps.  Exercise is useless when on vacation.  I don't know why I tried to swim there.   I did get about 10 minutes of swimming in.  Yes, I was cheap.  I chose to self park.  I got news for you that want to be cheap.  The miracle mile shops?  I decided to ask the obvious question to the customer service people.  I asked them "Is the miracle mile really a mile?"   The answer I got was "No, it is a little bit over a mile."   Don't be like me and leave your car keys in the hotel room if you are going to the self parking lot for your car.   If you are dumb like me, and realize that you forgot the keys after you arrive at the parking structure, then you will end up walking more than 1 1/2 miles just to fetch your keys.  A one way trip from the parking structure to the hotel/casino is a little over 1/2 a mile.There are a lot of better hotel and casinos than this.
3	Nothing special, but has some strengths. Younger vibe. Miracle Mile. Earls. On the StripNeed to upgrade the shower faucets. Makes a huge difference.
4	I haven't stayed here so cannot comment on the rooms. However the gaming floor is one of the most fun places on the strip. They cater to a crowd that is there to have a good time, playing music, affordable drinks for Vegas, and dealers with a sense of humor. We have been coming to Vegas for 10+ years and this is always a place we hit up for some fun on the tables. Btw, the ABC mart also sells booze if you want to pre party in the room.
4	stayed here for 2 nights/3days..short a star?---well check-in was a bit of a hassle. I understand there are policies and such that employees go by, but c'mon make people lives easier... Check-in is at 3pm...we arrive earlier than that. The agent was telling us that "our room was READY" but we can't go in yet until 3pm or PAY $30.--but our room was ready. Then he offers us to upgrade our room and avoid the early check-in to a $20/night (=$40 total) becuase the new upgrade room has a "cool vanity".sounds much of a rip off. So we can't check-in early even though our room was ready BUT if we upgrade and pay more we can NOW check-in?other than that crappy rip-off event, our room was nice. It had a huge tub in the middle of the bathroom. Bed was comfy.--room was simple.The main reason i chose to stay here was because it was connected to the miracle shops. It was also located near a Walgreens and ABC store. Oh and of course Earl's Sandwich!I play Blackjack and noticed the min. is $15 on most nights..get lucky and find a $10.
3	I stayed here while on my bachelor party last week.The hotel room was great with a very comfortable bed. It was spacious with a flat screen TV.  They also offer check out through the TV which was pretty helpful on the morning of check out when i had a huge hangover! Each room has memorabilia from a movie in it which is pretty interesting. The only downside was the shower. The water pressure was pathetic. Probably not an issue for  most people but what can i say, i'm a shower guy. There was no Do-Not-Disturbe sign in the room which meant house keeping did wake us up early.The location is perfect. Why we stayed here in the first place and probably the main reason i'd go back!
4	Admittedly hubby and I stayed here because of a great comp deal (guess my previous Vegas donations paid off a little!).Location was the best thing about this hotel. Mid strip right by a bus stop and next to Walgreens. Win! We upgraded for the better strip view. So we got a higher floor and view of the Bellagio Fountains and no $20 sandwich was needed for the upgrade offers (we initially got an offer for a suite but cheaped out). It's a small enough hotel that you can get to most spots in it very fast w/o getting lost. It has proximity to Walgreen's, you can get in/out in 15 minutes on a good day.There's no resort fee so fitness center, internet use, etc. will cost you more. Thankfully my room had great phone reception so I didn't need to use it.Room itself was adequate. It was clean and the carpet has seen a vacuum this century. Enough so that I didn't freak at working out in the comfort of my hotel room. We only had housekeeping clean our room for one day, and they did a decent job. Of course, we left a $5 tip since that was the only day they cleaned our rooms maybe they take a little extra care when you do so? Bathroom was okay, although I'm bummed we were too tired to take advantage of the tub. It's pretty big and looks like it's comfy. There was no cigarette smell on our floor or in the room which was appreciated.Our room was themed after "Hot Shots" so I made a few Winning! jokes the whole weekend which annoyed my husband :)The bed was "eh" and I didn't realize it until I got home to my own bed. The mattress is okay but if you put any weight on it at the foot of the bed, it flew up into the air.The have an inroom safe which I took full advantage of it's big enough to store a laptop and a few other items.  If you're staying here, sign up for the Total Rewards program. It knocks a few bucks off the 24 hour buffet coupon which works at their decent buffet and several others. You also get a few bucks knocked off at other regular restaurants.We checked out Loberace (Cee Lo Green's show) while there and it was nice to not have to look for the theater on the bowels of the hotel way off the beaten path (as you would at most hotels in Las Vegas). We'll probably stay there again.
4	It's really sad how this hotel has a fairly low average rating.  The room we stayed at was very nice and cleaned properly.  Each room has a theme and has items that came from the actual movie.  Ours was from the movie, Titanic.  The price that we paid is a fair price for the rooms.  I also love that the hotels in Las Vegas have free parking.  Unlike all the hotels in California.  Some will charge up to $21 a night!  So we definitely appreciated the free parking spaces.Don't bother letting valet park your car or bring your car around because we made that mistake.  They took so long and expected to be tipped heavily.  Park it yourselves you lazy butts and use that money to gamble and loose or to buy booze :PWe don't mind staying here again.
1	If I could give this Hotel a Zero I would.  I don't know where to start.  I had requested two rooms that were non smoking and connecting.  I called them twice in the morning prior to arrival to make sure they had honored my request.  Upon arrival I was told they had no rooms next to each other, and that the only rooms they has was smoking.  I cancelled one room and all 4 of us stayed in one room.  Housekeeping did not do a good job cleaning the rooms.  The bathroom smelled of urine and the sinks were filthy, not to mention the carpet was not vacuumed at all.  Pluming is definitely an issue.To add insult to the injury, they broke my car key at the valet parking and said it was broken to begin with.  I spoke with the "supervisor" and was told that my key was already broken and that they are very honest (which made me the dishonest one).  Long story short, I will never ever stay in this hotel again.The ONLY good thing about this hotel is Gordon Ramsay's burger place.
4	Stayed here April 16-19 with my husband. Had a basic room. No issues. Check in was slow but not as bad as I had expected. Drinks at the pool are very expensive. It was not hard to get drinks from the servers when you are playing the slots or one of the tables. Will definitely stay there again.
1	Our room:The furniture was a very dark color which made the multiple chips in each and every piece of furniture stand out.  Next, I walked into the bathroom.  The shower was pretty ugly.  Old stained tile, worn drain, very simple faucet/shower head.  Definitely nothing special.  Then, I walked to the sink to check out the soap & other goodies that were provided and noticed a hair in the sink.  Ick!  Whatever . . . Moved on to the bathtub. Multiple pieces of hair in the tub!!!  Gross!!! Had to use the facilities & noticed yet another hair on the floor next to the toilet.  Either housekeeping is too rushed or just doesn't care.  At that point, we called the front desk to get another room.  This time we got an upgrade to a larger room.  When I looked in the bathroom of the new room, another hair (very long, dark hair) was sitting on the towel layed across the oversized bathtub.  The soap was placed on top of the hair so it was sandwiched between the towel and box of soap.  Did not bother to call and complain again, but did not use that towel, that soap, or that bathtub during our 2 night stay.We saw the Peep Show starring Coco Austin. My husband and I liked the music.  I'm a big Coco fan so enjoyed seeing her, but the story-line is kind of cheesy & doesn't make much sense.  We saw the show previously when Holly Madison starred and it was completely unchanged years later.  I think they could stand to update it a bit.The restaurants/bars: Ate at YoLo's, Planet Dailies, and the buffet.  Food was ok.  I'd give it 3 stars across the board for the food itself.  The prices were pretty high for what you get.  For example, a simple Reuben is like $13. That seems inexpensive however when you compare it to prices at the pool bar where my husband's Bacardi Diet Coke was $15.  Speaking of the pool, there are 2 pools which have a very simple shape. Nothing special about them.  They are holes in the ground filled with water.  Even the Flamingo has a nicer pool.  I would also recommend Caesar's, the Mirage, or the Cosmopolitan pools over this one.  The spa:Not worth purchasing a day pass because there isn't much in there. It's old and the them is obviously left over from when this hotel was the Aladin.  This theme no longer fits this hotel.  The services do not follow the theme either like I have seen them do at many other Vegas spas.  Services are WaY Overpriced!!!!  Even for a Vegas spa.  Believe me, I have been to Qua @ Caesars & this is nowhere near as nice, but they still charge over $200 for a facial.  AnD . . . You are paying that much and the staff acts like they couldn't care less that you are there.  other than the "nameste" greeting you receive when you walk in the door, they do not make any effort to make you feel appreciated, special, etc.  Facial itself was excellent, but I was asked if I'd like to have microdermabrasion and glycolic application during my facial.  I said, "sure."  Next, she tells me it was going to be a $20 upgrade charge.  She asked if that would be alright.  I agreed because I was using comps anyway and already spending over $200 as it was so what's another $20, right?  Well, when I went to check out, the guy @ the front desk said the upgrade was $25.  I explained to him I was quoted $20, but he insisted it was $25 & that I had already had the treatment and that I would need to pay for it.  I tried fighting him on it one more time but to no avail. We came to this hotel with the intention of using our $1000 comp dollars so we charged everything to the room.  Our final bill for 2 days was $644.  My husband checked out while I was finishing up at the spa.  They told him our comps covered all except $103 of our bill.  They charged our credit card the remaining amount!!!!  What?!?  We should have had more than enough comps.  So, my husband tells me this when I get out of the spa as we are driving away from the hotel.  I couldn't believe it and immediately called to try to resolve this.  The lady on the phone said the same thing . . .   All comps on both our players club cards had been used.  I could not believe this.  So, once we flew home, I looked online today and I still had $430 left in comps on my card!!!  What kind of idiots do they have working there?!?!  So, I called again TODAY and finally got someone who saw the comps and agreed to refund the amount charged to the credit card and instead take the $103 out of my comps.  Such a stressful trip there was more frustration than fun.  My advice would be not to go to Planet Hollywood unless you want to be surrounded by a staff who doesn't give a shit that you are there from the valets to the bellmen to the waiters to the dealers.  They really don't care about you which is unfortunate since you are forking out a lot of money overpaying for subpar quality everything.  You would think that would at least buy you a little respect.
3	I DIDN'T STAY AT THE HOTEL: This is review for the Pleasure PoolWe went on Saturday afternoon from 5pm to a little over 7pm My sister and friends were staying here and invited me to the pool with them so i came we went to the pool the left side with the music was packed and we couldn't find any where to sit so we decided to go to the right side i noticed they had cabanas  so me and my sis and friends decided we should get bottle service and a cabanas so we go up to the cabana service and this nice girl helps us and one of her employees and they help get a low price on the left side with all the music because we figured we were gonna want to dance and drink well were in the pool so we go to our cabana and we wait for our bottle service which take 20 mins the girl just drops it off then leaves so we start drinking go in the pool and are dancing having fun then that girl that dropped off the drinks says we have to pay 30$ for gradatuity and my sis and our friend ask why and she tell us that it for that and we are like wtf like we only see you 1 time and to just drop off the bottles stuff and were just like really that's dumb so we paid it anyways but she never asked if we were okay or if we needed anything so it was dumb that we had to pay her 30$ for doing nothing she was rude after that but i am sorry miss i don't get paid gradatuity for doing my job and you weren't even doing your job good at all  job so thanks for picking up a tray and bringing it to us but it wasn't worth paying you 30$...Someone need top teach there workers how to be a worker not rude after that though we did have fun the music was whatever kinda old stuff mixed with new stuff but i will come here again but this time maybe get someone else who know how to do a better job at there JOB!end of review/rant
2	We go to vegas about 6 times per year. We have seen our share of hotel/casinos, both good and bad. This was our first stay at Planet Hollywood, and most likely our last. Here's the brief version for you skimmers: If you can get a room at a reasonable rate here, and are the type of vegas visitor that only needs a place to crash after going hard all night, by all means, go for it. If you are more discerning visitor, who cares about comfort and wants the feeling of being pampered, you should probably settle in and read on...Stay dates: April 19-21, 2013After sitting in traffic out front on the strip for about 12-15 minutes, we circled the block looking for the parking entrance. We discovered it is actually on Harmon. We saw no signs on the strip directing us to where the entrance is. Arrival and check in were smooth enough. Valet was quick and friendly, as was the front desk. I was happy to see a designated check in line for Total Rewards Platinum players and above. No upgrades were available, so we were only able to get our reserved "Resort Room". So far, so good.Upon arrival in our room, I notice a large foyer, void of any type of furnishing other than a large mirror on the wall. They tout these Resort Rooms have additional space, but what good is additional space when you do nothing with it? Not really a complaint, just an observation. To my right is the large bathroom, dual sinks, oversized tub, and separate water closet, all as advertised. The main room seemed underwhelming. A typical desk, a 2 chair seating area with memorabilia table, and an entertainment center/closet/dresser. Closet and drawer space is in short supply. 2 drawers and probably 7-10 hangers in the closet. Kind of odd for a "Resort" room. Don't most people stay in a resort for nearly a week? Where would they put their clothes? The bed was a little on the firm side, but not bad. Room was quiet, with minimal disturbances in the hall.After the 4 hour drive, I flop in the purple oversized chair in the sitting area, and am shocked how uncomfortable it is. Sinks way too low, no back support. It's almost as if the cushions are missing. Probably the worst room chair ever. I head to the bathroom to wash up and get ready for the night ahead. While washing my hands, the sink starts to back up almost instantly. The drain was very slow. How does this happen? Housekeeping doesn't notice while cleaning the sink? Or do they not give a shit? I am going with the latter, because when I turned off the water I noticed a long blonde hair wrapped around the handle.We head down to the casino. First stop: Yolo's. Decent tacos with the casino floor price tag. $15 gets you 3, $16 gets you a build your own margarita. You probably can't get out of here for les than $100 for 2 if you have drinks, $60 if you don't. Service, drinks, and food quality are good, no complaints here, really. I actually liked Yolo's.The casino has a good selection of slots, and many $5 minimum tables. Dealers and pit staff were good and friendly. Cleanliness was sorely lacking in the slot areas. Many full ashtrays, empty beer bottles and cocktail glasses. Again, was happy to see a special line for Total Rewards Platinum level players and above for the casino cage. A feature that seems to be dying out across Caesars properties, usually reserved for Diamond and Seven Stars players.Saturday morning we prep to head out to do a couple things around town. Shower water pressure is weak, but water temp is consistent. Towels and amenities are fine. We have 2 sinks, but can only use 1 due to the slow drain on the other. We head out and board our elevator to find more common area filth. An egg mcmuffin wrapper on the floor and an obvious orange juice spill, which was there long enough to be almost dry and sticky. Are any of the cleaning staff paying attention here? Probably not, because when we came back later in the day we wait to board our elevator and again, filthy common areas. As a matter of fact, a pair of men's boxer briefs were laying on the floor in the north tower elevator lobby. Really? Underwear? On the floor in a common area? What an absolute disgrace. This is the point where my opinion of PH finally goes from "not bad" to "what a dump".We had a long Saturday night in the casino, and Sunday morning was unforgiving. We opted for room service for breakfast. Another huge disappointment. I had a chicken hash and eggs that was totally disgusting. The chicken seemed like leftovers that were microwaved and dried out, tossed together with frozen fried "breakfast potatoes" and topped with 3 eggs. I should have gotten an omelet, but the menu description for this item was pretty appetizing. The reality, not so much.I was really looking forward to a stay at PH, but was sadly met with disappointment at every single turn. The positives were far outnumbered by the negatives, and I will not be returning. My advice would be to stay away, there are much better options in Las Vegas.
2	Walk through review: Really small casino, really trashy feeling and a lot of smoke. The best thing about this place, Gordon Ramsay's BurGr.
3	We had a convention at the hotel and everyone was complaining (dark rooms, dirty rooms, bad layout, hard to get around etc ) but not me...stayed somewhere else!   I have been to a few conventions in Las Vegas - This isn't my favorite venue, nor in my Top 10 of hotels - It's OK. 3 Stars!- Was able to get a package deal from NorthEast to Vegas across the street for $20 more than conv rate (Im glad I did)
2	Maybe I expect too much, or maybe I just expected more from a Las Vegas Strip Hotel.  Obviously the Casino and the Mall was beautiful--yes it was.  BUT, once I opened the door of my hotel room--it was a different story.  ( BTW: THIS RATING IS FOR A NORMAL GUEST ROOM NOT A SUITE) I sure their suites should be a lot nicer.  Anyways, I felt like some basic essentials were missing... NO Fridge, NO Microwave, NO Water Bottles and Obviously no goodies i.e. candy, alcohol, soda etc. Cause there's NO FRIDGE.  I felt that downed a star for me already. THEN, looking at all the furniture... it was scratched up, dented and a bit dirty for my taste.  I do not like.  Next thing... There's 2 beds, thus that means that this hotel room is made for more than one person.. yes?  Well.. I was sharing it with a co-worker for a tradeshow and did not use the restroom once.  The restroom is has 2 doors.  The French doors that opens and closes the powder room and the bath tub ( which I liked) and with a shower. By the Shower... there's a door which opens to this very very small bathroom stall.. and NO VENTS, NO WINDOWS NO NOTHING.... And talk about NO sound proofs doors.  I don't want anybody hearing my business... I was able to hear all the room showers near my room.  Literally every time I would come back into the room.. I would here showers, toilet bowls flush.  All in all, I don't feel like the room that was presented to me was worth it. THANK god it didn't come out of my pocket.  I dislike *thumbs downBTW: WiFi is free for ONLY 1 electronic PER day.Recap:- No Privacy- No Fridge- No Microwave- No Ventilation- Sucky Bedding- Sucky Bed
4	Recently decided to skip town for a mini-vacation in Vegas. We found a good price online for Planet Hollywood so we went for it.PROS:1) Location is fantastic; close walking distance to Bellagio, Aria, Cosmopolitan.2) For whatever reason we got upgraded to a junior suite which was a nice surprise. The room was very well appointed, it had some memorabilia from Dr. Zhivago (including a white dress that was displayed in a glass case. When we walked in the room it scared the crap out of us, because it looked like a ghost!). The bathroom was huge with his and hers sinks and separate shower/tub.3) The attached mall is good for killing some time. Grab a 180 Octane drink at Fat Tuesday's, go browse the shops, then go to Earl of Sandwich to get some food to lessen your buzz.4) The casino was a lot of fun even for us non-gamblers5) Service was actually very friendly.CONS1) The two pools were a major letdown. They're just too small and it just felt like we were too close to all the drunken fools that were hanging out there.2) It seems the amount of smokers here was larger than the average Vegas casino. It really smelled like smoke in the hallwaysConsidering the price we paid (hello, a junior suite for $40 on Sunday night!), we were very happy with the choice. BTW I didn't realize that fridges were a standard offering in Vegas Strip hotels. If you want a fridge stay at La Quinta
1	This is not a 4-star hotel . . . not even a 3-star hotel.  I can honestly say that I've stayed at better maintained Howard Johnson and Holiday Inns.  The rooms are dingy, musty smelling, and worn out.  They weren't decorated that well to begin with and they show serious signs of neglect.  I guess this caters more to a party crowd than anything else. First room we were given had holes in the wall where some artwork was supposed to be mounted, hairs on the pillow, and what felt like a grease spot on the carpet.  Second room we were given had holes in the bedding and smelled of body odor (well it was the He-Man themed room, so maybe they sprayed in the body odor scent).Other cons:  small window, bad TV channel line up and reception (who goes to Vegas to watch TV, I know.  Just pointing it out), and worn out towels.
3	Was awarded this through Priceline.  I bid a 4 star hotel and got this one...I would rate it more as a 3 1/2 star.The good:  centrally located on strip, bathrooms are spacious, beds were comfortable and had white tops linens which I love,  The bad:  charge $15 to check in early (wish they would credit it back if you check OUT early, which we did 7am!), hallway to our room was dark (red, grey and black, felt like I was in a CSI episode).Bottom line, it was ok to have a place to crash, but I would not deliberately stay here again especially if you plan on spending much time in your room.
2	I stayed here with two friends during the weekend of April 26-28. When we first walked into Planet Hollywood, two hotel staff approached us and wanted to take a picture of us before we checked in. I was slightly annoyed. After traveling 4 hours to get to Las Vegas, having my picture taken was not high on my list of things I wanted to do but whatever. We get our picture taken, finish checking in, and go up to the hotel room. The bathroom was the nicest area of the hotel room. It was spacious with a large bathtub, shower, and a toilet in its own separate water closet. However, the main room was a different story. There were two rather small beds, an entertainment-center/closet/drawer-set, two armchairs and a desk. There was also a pair of men's pants in a glass frame on the wall. I guess it was to go with the Miami Vice theme but in my opinion, it was WACK. Upon  further inspection, I noticed several wet spots on the carpet and a whole damn CHICKEN WING on the floor near one of the armchairs. We called housekeeping and told them the problem. They said someone would be right up. A whole hour and a half later, a housekeeping staff member came up to the room. We pointed out the wet spots and the chicken wing. She looked around, then used our phone to call someone else. She was speaking a different language so I couldn't tell what she was saying. Then she told us she'd be back and left without doing anything about the chicken wing. We started getting ready to go out to dinner. About 45 minutes later we left our room and no one had come back yet. When we returned from dinner we saw that housekeeping left a big ass, loud ass floor fan to dry the carpet. However, the carpet was still wet....and the chicken wing was STILL there. The next day we left our room early in the day to walk the strip. When we came back to our hotel room, we saw that no one had been to our room to clean. We called housekeeping and they told us someone would come up. An hour passed and housekeeping still hadn't shown up. We called again and they told us (again) that someone would be up. We got dressed and went out for the night. When we came back, the room was still dirty. We gave up and went to bed. The next morning when it was time to check out, we told the desk clerk about the wet spots on our hotel room's floor, the housekeeping staff's negligence and the chicken wing. We ended up being refunded $45. Bottom Line: NO, I do not recommend Planet Hollywood. It does seems to cater more to people who only need a convenient place to sleep after going hard all night and that's really all I was looking for . But, housekeeping is a basic hotel commodity and Planet Hollywood's housekeeping sucked. Really, a chicken wing? It makes me wonder if they even changed the sheets.
3	Big, loud, great staff. Definitely a strip casino. Drinks are expensive, talent is worth it. Great bands in The Extra Lounge.
3	Middle of the road casino on the strip. Never stayed here but probably wouldn't. Nice that some of the dealers are good looking girls.
4	Great casino and sportsbook, also has a very nice mall.
4	I almost didn't recognize this Planet Hollywood, considering they changed their traditional Planet Hollywood design into a PH inside a circle. The casino itself is a very happening place (with fumes of cigarettes here and there) and at night, there are these girls in skimpy pink lingerie that dances on the tables. Slot machines are new. And the Miracle Miles shops? Awesome. Restaurants are also upstairs if you're hungry.
5	For my money the best place to stay on the strip. Great location near the nicer hotels with the bad ass night clubs. My last visit, I was upgraded to a suite because the reception lady was very nice and she found it was my friend's first visit to vegas. The Panarama suite is usually a $400 up charge but I would find it to be well worth it. I recommend this place to anyone that is visiting vegas in the future. I booked my room through www.westcoastvipgaming.com
4	Just got back from Vegas and after over many years trying most of the Hotel/Casino's on the strip, a few years ago we decided Planet Hollywood was the best.  When we first started staying there it was Aladdin, so we have been customers for many years and have always had a wonderful experience.  The hotel is in the middle of the strip so it is very convenient to walk all of the strip (which we do) and come back by PH to have a small rest if needed.  The rooms are  spacious as are the bathrooms, and have always had no problems with them being perfectly clean.NOW THE PROBLEMS...we go twice a year and the past few times there have been two BIG aggravations.  First if you happen to get there  before 3:00 and some planes do get your there early, you have to either pay to check in early or walk around and kill time until 3:00, which means you have to pay more to check your bags.  Of course then when it gets to  3:00 the line to check in is very long.  Which it wasn't when we got there.   We used to get there  around 1:00 p.m. way after check out time which is 11:00 and were able to check in our room right then.Also, you now have to pay $22.00 a day per person for the "resort fee" even though many of us do not use it, we ended up paying $40.00 something a day for NOTHING!!!   I can see if they want to charge someone to use their extra facilities, then take their credit card number or or have them use their room card to use these different and charge them if they use them.  Don't push this charge on everyone if we are not going to use them.  I think that is very much a rip off.  We love Planet Hollywood and are very disappointed in these new rules.  There are many places on the strip to stay....maybe they shouldn't be pushing their luck.
4	PH is a great place to stay especially for young professionals looking to party. It's centrally located on the Strip, has all the modern decor / bells and whistles, and a younger crowd. There's go-go dancers all over the casino floor and good looking ladies as your dealers in table games to up the vibe too as well! Nothing like a little eye candy while making (or losing) monies. The good:- Central location- Miracle Mile has lots of shopping opportunities- Earl of Sandwiches is right downstairs- Excellent decor / modern ambience- Big selection of slot machines and table games- Soft poker games full of fish- Great looking ladies as dealers and go-go dancersThe bad:- Their nightclub leaves a lot to be desired...go to XS / Marquee for a much better time - No all you can eat buffet restaurant that I was able to easily find- Rooms are on the smaller to average side..don't expect to get pampered...more of a room for you to crash- The price point for Vegas is not pricey, but it's not cheap. Without comps / discount deal this place is slightly overpriced for what you can especially in terms of amenitiesThis place is a great place to stay for first timers or yuppies to Vegas looking to gamble, drink and party but if you are looking for value in your amenities look elsewhere!
2	Let me start by saying that the hotel itself is pretty cool and its awesome that it is in a mall so there are tons of stores nearby for convenience! The rooms are okay, nothing super fancy, but there is no fridge, which sucked in vegas!! But what really made the stay at this hotel horrible was the manager...and a few of the staff members. The manager could give a shit less about her PAYING customers and treated me absolutely horribly. Her staff weren't much better and weren't exactly jumping up and down to assist me. I lost my wallet in our first room (before we upgraded to a better view room) and no one at the front desk/concierge desk were helpful when trying to help me get a hold of someone in security, who always seemed to be missing! Finally, I got a hold of someone and they were able to find the wallet, but the security people were rude as well. I do have to say that I am thankful to the housekeepers who found my wallet and were gracious enough to turn it in. They were all very friendly passing by in the hallway. This was my birthday trip and I did a lot of research before choosing a hotel because I wanted it to be a great experience for a decent price and I feel like I made a mistake staying here because of the horrible customer service. Where I come from, typically the customer is always right, and even when the customer is wrong, still treat them with respect and kindness because they are paying to stay at your hotel, when there are TONS of other places to choose from on the strip. I will not be staying here again!
3	I came here last month for my 21st birthday - yes, typical! & yes I was a Vegas Virgin as well.  I arrived at the hotel around 10am and there was a $28 fee for early check-in.  That was fine with me because I just wanted to get situated in the room.  The agent who checked us in was extremely cold!  I want to say her name was Charmaine or something like that, but I'm not sure if I'm making that up?  Anyways, I work in the service industry so I have an idea how things work at hotels.  When asking her certain questions, she would ignore me.  I found myself asking multiple times before she would finally look up from the computer and spew out half-assed answers.  I thought once again, fine.  She probably hates her job.Onto the room!  I actaully liked it; I found it quaint.  The beds were comfortable and I loved the bathroom.  We had the Brandon Lee room which I found amusing because my boyfriend always makes me watch Bruce and Brandon Lee movies.  That's all the positive I can say about the room.  Everything else you have to pay for, like a fridge?  But I guess that's typical of Vegas?On the plus side, I really enjoyed the casino!  I was winning money on those penny slots!  They also had a good variety of games.  The mall was pretty cool too and the hotel was conviently located on the strip.  This little tidbit is the only reason this place is getting 3 stars, and that's being generous.All in all, the rooms are nice, but that's not enough to make me a loyal guest.  This place nickle and dimes you and gives shitty service!  No thanks!  I will probably come back soley for the casino.
4	This is my go-to "budget" hotel in Vegas.  I adore the casino... so girly.  It's connected to The Miracle Mile shops with tons of shopping and a beer/wine/liquor store that is priced fair.  It's in a great location on the strip.  And most importantly, the rooms are nice and clean.  We stayed here the first night of my bachelorette party before everyone arriving and getting a suite at Vdara and had much better service at Planet Hollywood.  Pool was nicer at Planet Hollywood as well!
5	My fav place to stay in Vegas!
3	With so many of the newer, bigger and fancier casino resorts dominating the Vegas strip it is almost impossible to find one that is affordable these days. Having stayed at the Venetian, Aria and many other of the popular swanky casino resorts, the daily resort fees can really make a hefty dent in your wallet. Not so with Planet Hollywood. It is on the smaller size in terms of its casino floor, but the mall located within it may have something to do with it. It was nice to have such a good sized mall right below our room. If you forgot any of your necessities or need drinking water or cheap eats, then this hotel can take care of all that. The rooms were spacious and the decor was current. Each room differs in that they each house different movie memorabilia which was fascinating. There are little details that remind you that this was once the short lived beautiful Aladdin casino hotel. The faucets are shaped in the magic lamp, lol. We would stay here again.
4	- Reasonably priced eateries and shopping.  - Central location on the Strip.- Haven for NYE (New Year's Eve) to get in from the cold for a little.
1	Worst Hotel In Vegas! This is the Hotel from Hell! Hell I think The travel Lodge next door can do better. This hotel is so outdated in it's decor; it's still feels like 1982 in there. The room didn't feel clean and it felt like i was in a motel 6 room. You can hear people through the thin walls all through the night and you can hear the sirens and street noise from 37 floors up.  I checked in at 10pm and was up at 4 am and was out of there by 5 am and walked across the street to the Bellagio and stayed there and chalked up the other 2 nights I had left as a loss. This place is so Ghetto! Valet was absolutely rude. I get it it's MDW and you have a lot to do but lose the attitude. Never again.
4	Overall, a nice, affordable hotel on the Strip with a good location and lots to do!PRO's:+ Central location on the Strip+ Surrounded by Miracle Mile (= many options for eateries and shopping for entertainment)+ EARL OF SANDWICH.+ Pretty clean rooms (which are supposedly movie "themed")+ LARGE tub; good for bubble baths and lounging+ Reasonably priced for the quality!CON's:- Parking lot is SO FAR from the hotel rooms/casino (you have to walk a full half circle through the mile-long mall to get to it)- The full-length mirror in the room didn't have adequate lighting so I couldn't use it to put on makeup (haha).- They charged us $28 for early check in :P
1	First and last time I'll stay at Planet Hollywood.Stayed here with about 10 other girls for MDW. Since I never stayed at PH before, I always liked them solely for having Earl's and Fat Tuesdays. After MDW, I now know that's all they're good for. In short, poor customer service and very unhelpful.First off, we booked PH for a two bed room, but we ended up getting one king size bed. Annoying, but they did say they couldn't guarantee requests. Fine. On a quick random note, apparently all the rooms at PH have a different movie theme - ours was the Karate Kid.Our first issue with PH was that their rooms have the shittiest lighting ever. This is NOT ideal for girls that have to get ready to go out clubbing. Not only is the lighting not bright enough, but they just didn't have any lamps in the room! Even the desk didn't have a lamp, which we thought was strange.Our second night was a complete disaster. My friends and I were about ready to leave our room to go out clubbing when one of my friends informed us that the toilet was clogged and started to overflow, leaking onto the bathroom floor. We quickly called the front desk to notify them about the problem and they said they would fix it (this was around 9pm). We also made sure that it was okay that we were stepping out for the night and they assured us it was fine and they would fix it while we were out.A friend and I ended up coming back early because she wasn't feeling well, so it was around 12:30-45 when we reached our floor and were walking to our room. As we got closer, we saw a cart outside of our room. A worker came out and said, "Are you staying in here? Your toilet overflowed and started to leak to the floor below. We need to move all of your stuff to a new room." What. The. Fuck. We went into our room and saw that the carpet was SOAKED with water that probably had remnants of pee, poo, and vomit. Since a lot of us had left our stuff on the floor, our bags and clothes were soaked, too. EWWW.So, we had to move everything out and to our new room. Luckily, we had a bell hop help us, so that was nice of them since it was only 2 of us moving 10 girls-worth of luggage. When a few more of our friends came back, including the one whose credit card was under the room, she went down to go talk to the manager about the situation - making sure we didn't have to pay for the water damages. She came back up, pissed, telling us that the staff was very unhelpful and basically told her that they wouldn't do anything for us because they're already doing us a favor by not charging us for the damages. Well obviously we shouldn't be charged because it was not our fault. We did our duty as customers to inform them of a problem. Oh, I forgot to mention that when my friend and I first arrived at 12:45 that it looked as if they had just started to clean up the water, when we called them about it at 9pm. If they had tended to the problem immediately at 9pm, then there probably would only be water leakage on the bathroom tile floor, which is a million times easier to dry than carpet. Why they didn't tend to it sooner is beyond me, but regardless, we informed them so it is not our fault. Still,they would not do anything for us since clearly they see that they are doing something for us by not charging us for their fuck up.This whole situation really showed us their lack of integrity and they must not care that we're telling all of our friends (and fellow Yelpers) not to stay there. Aside from our whole toilet situation, I still don't like this hotel for its poor lighting in the rooms and their house keeping is pretty shitty, too. We requested to have more towels and blankets the first night and all we got was one towel and a pile of bed sheets.Thanks, PH.
4	My recent experience at Planet Hollywood was nothing short of amazing. It was affordable, spacious and just what my roommates and I needed for a midweek vacation. We were shopping around for an affordable spot that would also be on the strip. In our plans, we had figured we would use what money we saved from living at a more affordable location on the delicious food, shows and... well, liquor. What's hot about the place? Even if you decide to just stay in at Planet Hollywood there is a ton of stuff to do. Earl of Sandwich, the casino, lots and lots of other cool shopping spots. It's also very close to Paris and the other big named locations. And most definitely a great price. Within the rooms, the blinds are amazing -- you could wake up and not know the sun was out. The brilliance of Vegas hotel interior designs, I suppose. What's not? It's quite minimal. We had to venture out to the Wynn and Cosmo for some fancier stuff. You get what you pay for. Skinny: If you're looking for an affordable place for a midweek getaway to Vegas, pick Planet Hollywood.
4	PH building organization of its checkin and its parking is a phenomenal problem. I believe they purposely required you after parking to walk through the entire miracle mile of shops just to check in so you would shop. The benefits of staying here are that it's cheaper than many of the mid strip hotels, close to Marquee for day or night club (walk across the bridge), day pool is nothing fancy but has a party section and a 2nd pool for a quieter relaxing atmosphere, and of course the shopping. You can find a ton of stores and of course a Fat Tuesdays. Many people already have in their itinerary to get a drink and stroll through the miracle mile or Forum shops, so by staying at PH, you already have consolidated one part of your trip.  Overall, it's a great place for a central location that won't break the budget as compared to other hotels. There's also the spice market buffet downstairs which we appreciated, but it wasn't remarkably unique besides the bottomless wine, beer, or champagne. There are a lot of groupons that came up in the past month for the Koi lounge and the buffet here at PH so you could look into those offers. The rooms are rather simple and have movie memorabilia in frames. We asked for an upgrade with 20 dollars and were put up on the north tower on the top floor, with a view of the strip. The bathroom was larger with two vanities and did the trick for our group. Overall, nothing fancy, but we mainly paid for the central location and we all had a good time! :)
2	this review was for the hypnosis showthere were some parts that were funny, but overall it was TERRIBLE.can't complain much since it was a free show for me, but i felt like i wasted my time sitting there. I've been to a hypnosis show before at a college campus and it was highly entertaining.
3	Just one of the great hotels that I visit/stay.This used to be Aladdin Hotel and Casino.Great selection of restaurants with awesome casino.The staffs are usually friendly.Mediocre service.The rooms are decent and well-priced.But since there are plenty of other hotels in Vegas, I'll definitely want to try other hotels.
4	One of my favorite hotels to stay at on the Strip. It has many pluses... Not the least of which is it's location & proximity to other hotels, sights & shopping centers in the area. The Cosmopolitan is across the street, Paris is next door & Caesar's is not too far a walk... City Center is just behind Cosmopolitan. I like staying there cause it's about a 10 min drive to the airport. It's just a quick shoot down Harmon then a right on Paradise and you're at McCarran. I like the fact that the Miracle Mile Shops are located at the Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino. I LOVE the fact that they have an Earl of Sandwich on the property. It's my favorite sandwich in all of Vegas and many that I know have the same sentiments. I like gambling at the Pleasure Pit, although a bit distracting, with their beautiful dealers. It's kinda like gambling at a nightclub but there's no dress code.I like staying at PH because it's a young casino resort.... You don't have snobby rich folks staying there. And believe me, my friends & I have stayed in some of the best... and less than best hotels in Las Vegas. It's a young adult crowd and I like that. Staff at PH have always been super cool from the front desk, housekeeping, valet & the ladies of the aforementioned Pleasure Pit.The rooms are pretty standard.... They have modern amenities. Being that it is a Planet Hollywood hotel, the rooms usually are adorned with some sort of movie memorabilia whether it's something from Batman, Terminator or some other theatrical release. It makes for a nice touch and ties everything together.... People forget this was the old Aladdin Hotel and for a while some elements like the carpet stayed the same but it's unmistakably PH now. The beds are comfortable, the linen is soft, the showers are modern & nice, the doors & cabinets have a dark modern finish... a small desk to write and make phone calls on are in the room and of course a small couch and ottoman are provided.Valet is fairly quick with retrieving your car & super friendly but can fill to capacity towards the later hours. Usually not a problem for hotel guests but it can be an issues for others. I've never had to self-park at PH so I have no idea where or how far the walk is. Minus one star because the expansive pool deck could be so much better. I know it's not on the ground floor so it cannot be crazy like other hotels but there is just so much deck space and 2 small pools at the either end. They could have a party pool on one end and a resort pool on the other and still have enough room for the many deck chairs they have... To me it's such a waste. There is so much potential there, in my opinion.
4	On my last visit to Las Vegas, PH was having a special on rooms for the weekdays. I usually don't stay on the Strip. I am more of a Fremont St. girl.  The crowd is more my type and its cheaper normally to be honest.  I booked a stay for two of my five nights there.  It was a bargain.  Under $100 with taxes for the total for both nights.Once I checked in, I walked up to my room after finding it (this place is huge).  I was given the Die Hard/Bruce Willis room and I loved the motif.  I am a huge Bruce Willis fan - how did they know?! The front desk was friendly and housekeeping staff did a great job tidying up the room while I was gone.The bathroom was huge and I loved having a bathtub and a shower, not to mention a private toilet room.  Double beds - one for me and one for my stuff.  The view was amazing, especially when it came to sunrises.  The photos I got when it came up over the mountains were breathtaking.I would definitely recommend this hotel/casino to anyone coming into the Vegas area.  *note: Planet Hollywood has its own Starbucks right down stairs.*
4	Stayed here for work as we had a conference here. For starters, PH is very conveniently located. Finding the place if you're driving can be a pain, however - it took my boss 45 minutes just trying to figure out where to drive in for the lobby!The lobby itself is not much to speak about -- hardly any place to sit, unless you think three very small benches is adequate. The check in staff were pleasant enough. Curbside staff were helpful. Room-wise, it is pretty dark. Unless you are staying in one of the suites -- we did have a party in one of those which had a fantastic view. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/planet-hollywood-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas-2?select=QWK7FTtIHE2fSJWdJuTJ0A#QWK7FTtIHE2fSJWdJuTJ0A The pillows are uncomfortably high. If you don't like firm pillows, you should bring your own, or roll up some towels. There is a small coffee maker, no fridge, I had to call up a hairdryer, but overall apart from the loud revelers who thought yelling at 3:00 am is acceptable right outside someone's room, it was a quiet room on the 12th floor. Conference facilities are on the mezzanine level where the Chapel is. Lots of weddings going on while I was there. In general, the conference food was good. It is expensive though! I suppose that's the case with most hotels on The Strip. For instance, I had to order wine & cheese for a workshop I was putting on. Get this, a baked brie for 25 people runs about $225.00, not including tax & gratuity. Ouch. WiFi is not free -- I believe it is $15 a day per device? Didn't bother checking out the gym, also heard that is not free. Nothing is! Despite the downside, I liked it. I had stayed at Bally's before which was a bit of a blah experience for me. This was the opposite. Loved the crystal lighting throughout. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/planet-hollywood-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas-2?select=dWu2esICZ8ToW3geJ6kXsA#dWu2esICZ8ToW3geJ6kXsAYou do have the convenience of the Miracle Mile shops which is nice - don't even have to set food outside! There is also a PF Chang's in the casino area and a Starbucks. The Miss America pageant was going on while I was there which made for an interesting scene! (The guys really liked seeing them for the swimsuit photo shoot at the pool.)
4	Beautiful place to hang out. There is a lounge upstairs called Koi & they serve unlimited drinks & free admission with a very cool Groupon offer. the Groupon also offers free admission to two other clubs affiliated with Koi. The color of Planet Hollywood is purple and all kinds of pinks, so pretty. They have a bar down stairs that has kareoke & for singing you get a free shot. I'm not a big fan of the Spice Market Buffet they have but its decent. Planet Hollywood also has shows that goes on over there that I have yet to check out.  Ya, every time I got to Vegas, I would love to stop by Planet Hollywood, love the colors & decor & of course Koi Lounge for free drinks. (As long as I have the Groupon.) :)
4	Thanks for the $500.
4	Room is much bigger and cleaner than the Elara and less money. The Elara is a dump stay at PH instead
3	We ate at the International Spice Market Buffet. We never do buffets. Ever. But I bought a Groupon and you can't beat the free champagne!I would have given this 5 stars but we had to wait in line for 1 hour. Listen, I'm a local and I know the food and beverage industry and there was no logical reason why we had to wait 1 hour to be seated when there were only 15 tables in front of us and HALF of the restaurant was waiting to be bussed. There were no bussers!!! It was insane. I wish we could have just cleaned the tables ourselves because it was a joke. Seriously, just put employees on the schedule so your business will run smoothly and not piss everyone off.The food was good and our waitress was efficient. My husband did feel a little nauseous after eating the shrimp though.....
4	Hey guys,I just stayed 2 nights at Planet Hollywood in early June 2013. We stayed in one of the Hollywood Hip room. The room is very spacious. It was very tidy and clean also.As for the bathroom, there's a tub in the middle of it. The only thing I don't like about the bathroom is the fact that they use water saving shower head. I want my water to be on full blast. And beside there's a tub in the bathroom that consumes more water than the shower itself. Another thing I didn't like about this hotel is that you have to walk really far from the parking garage to the lobby. You have to walk half the length of the mall to get one of those elevators to go up to your room.If you guys are planning on staying in one of the Hollywood Hip room and wants to see how the room looks like. I have recorded a full room tour in HD here's the link or just type "Planet Hollywood Room Tour - Las Vegas - Hollywood Hip Room"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVmi2XFxsSg
3	We visited Planet Hollywood right after it opened several years ago and were totally wowed.  As is true for most things in Vegas, however, it has not worn well.  For example, the Roman shade in our room was jerry-rigged open with a hanger from one of the closets.  Classy.  All that said, the price was fair, the location was decent.  They just opened Gordon Ramsey's BURGR restaurant, which was pretty good; very generous dinner for two with appetizers, entrees, sides and dessert for $60.Expect a younger crowd, and if you're even remotely serious about your gambling, expect that younger crowd to be an utter disappointment at the tables.  They can screw up a game of blackjack without even blinking, and then wonder why the rest of the table is giving them the stinkeye.
5	The rooms look like they could use some rerenovating, but the price more than makes up for that. Its also in a good location on the strip, and the staff is friendly and helpful!
4	I enjoyed our stay at PH, The room was not the best ut not the worst, staff was friendly espeically the housekeeping! casino was super cute dancer on tables and what i just loved was the GORDON RAMSEY Brger place! Will possibly come back = ]
4	3 years later and I came back to the same hotel. This time with my husband and toddler. We opted for the mountain resort room due to the space I knew we would need.We drove from Houston and I knew we'd have a ton of stuff to haul with us. We were there to get married. Loaded up our truck and on are way we went.I was peeved that there early check in policy had changed. When we came back in 2010 we could check in early with  no penalty. This time, we had to pay $15 to check in between 12-4. We had checked out of our previous hotel and decided to make our way to PH.Not much had changed since my last visit. Our room was AMAZING. No strip view, but I wasn't there for the view from my room. It had plenty of room and the bathroom was out of this world. The double sinks and bigger separate shower were divine. This space came in handy for the day I had to get ready for my wedding. I highly recommend this type of room for people, like me, that need the space.All in all it was another great stay at PH. Looking forward to my next trip.
3	The Service is Wonderful, the Theme is Great! The Restaurants are great Too. What sucks is that FAMOUS $25/per day RESORT FEE they seek in on you when you check out. If you are going to fu*k me, I like it from the front...
4	our room was awesome! we were in the west tower 35th floor awesome view of the Bellagio fountains! no fridge in the room but somehow after we left tip the 2nd day for the cleaning ladies they brought one  lol ! maybe was just a coincidence. we didn't use it anyway! the pool is nice! but beware you have to rent the chairs $50/day and cabins $150/day!!!! ridiculous!!! i couldn't take the heat there past 2 pm so i don't think there is a reason to ever rent one! i've had great times @PH and most likely will be coming back !
4	So I went to Vegas with classmates and family for multiple celebrations and I truly enjoyed Planet Hollywood. To begin, the staff was excellent from the beginning to the end of our stay. The rooms are nice with comfortable beds, but aren't as modern and technologically advanced as hotels such as The Cosmopolitan. I did get a room with the strip view which was awesome at night time. The location is excellent as you're in the center of the strip and have many dining options (cheaper) downstairs in The Miracle Mile Mall. Parking is valet and complimentary, but it does take about 10-15 minutes for your car to be brought out to the front. Also our flight was scheduled to leave at 6:00 pm on checkout day and you are able to leave your bags with the bell stand and it's complimentary. The crowd of this hotel is younger than other hotels, so it's a great place if you're young and ready to party!
3	Pretty good hotel and lots of stores and restaurants.  The nearby mall is very large and attracts a lot of people, as does the hotel too.
4	Great location on the strip. Nice selection of restaurants and I love the miracle mile shops that connects to it.
2	Service is good, location on the strip  is good, the logistics of the parking garage in relation to the hotel is not convenient. You can tell its an older building, but functional. The miracle mile shopping center is very nice to walk thru and shop.
2	I can go into more depth all the problems I encountered but I'll keep it brief for the readers. I had a line of credit with the casino. The first time I came down, I asked the cage how should I pay and they said to mail them a check. I mailed them a check for $3,000 which they cashed but they also automatically drafted another $3,000. This caused my checking account to bounce causing all sorts of problems and fees. After much effort, the casino finally agreed not to charge me the extra fees for the returned check but would not repay me for all the fees I was charged on my end by my bank. I sent an email to corporate but received no reply.Fast forward a few months, I decide to give PH another chance. I book a room and proceed to the casino. I go to a table only to find out that my line of credit has been cancelled due to my check bouncing last time. Of course I did not bring any cash to gamble so I had to take money out of my credit card incurring over $100 in fees. I complained to my host and to collections why I was not notified that my line of credit was cancelled. I ask them if I can get any kind of credit for all the fees I was charged. They tell me to pound sand. I will never gamble at PH ever again despite the really awesome gambling atmosphere. I will try gambling at Venetian/Palazzo because they are pretty generous with offering comped rooms.
4	I didn't actually stay overnight in the hotel, but did frequent my friends' room during my stay in vegas quite a bit. The room was spacious and very clean, and I'm a bit a fan of their dark furniture (dark wooden cabinets.. ahh). Hey, and PH did my wallet good ;)
2	REVIEW FOR HOTEL HIP ROOM.Pros:- Middle of the strip and everything is within walking distance- Everyone there was helpful. They answered all my questions and concerns politely with a smile :) - Rooms are fairly affordable - Plenty of parking- TV has CABLE :)- Fat Tuesday and Earls Sandwiches are in the same building- The blackout blinds work GREAT! I wouldn't know what time of day it was with them down.Cons:- Our glass cups had foundation on it (for guys, it's make-up) and eyeliner on the pillows. What else did they not change?!- The comforter had BLOOD (stain) on it-- it was a pretty big blob too. From a girls perspective, it looked like menstrual blood... YUCK. I couldn't tell if it was old or fresh, and I honestly didn't want to find out.- The shower drain clogged up each and every time we used it- The tub had pubic hair in it :( - There is no ventilation in the toilet room. I say toilet room because the toilet is in it's own little room.. durr.- You can hear people using the bathroom from above and side-to-side throughout the night. It's fairly loud so light sleepers beware!- Someone stole our 'Do not disturb" sign! The cleaning crew tried to come in but luckily we had the doors locked. This gave me a shock! I thought someone was trying to break in. Though this isn't the hotels fault.Each room are themed, and I don't really care for them. I felt that they took up unnecessary space. I don't mind that the garage is on the other side of the Miracle Miles shop. Walk you lazies! It'll only take up 10 minutes MAX of your sweet time plus, you'll need to walk off all the food and alchie consumed. Check-in is at 4PM and check-out is at 11AM. There is a early check-in fee... if you decide to check in early. Save yourself some time and checkout via your television in your hotel room. They'll email you your folio with all the charges. Oh, and no fridge :(
2	******THIS IS A REVIEW OF THE HOTEL********My husband plays in the WSOP, and we didn't care for the outdated rooms at Rio, so we decided to try another Total Rewards Hotel. We ended up being able to get a really good deal on some suites at Planet Hollywood because of our Total Rewards Card Level. We ended up with the Panorama Two Bedroom Suite which was good for my husband and I, and the other couple that was with us.The suite was very large and very easily suited for a large amount of guests due to the large amount of seating. Tons of chairs, a big sofa, kitchen area w/ stools, etc. There's a jacuzzi in the middle of the suite, as well as two separate bathrooms and a bedroom with a king size bed. All rooms contain memorabilia from Hollywood movies. My room was a Sharon Stone room which had various memorabilia including mannequins with outfits from movies she was in. Not going to lie, in the middle of the night, those mannequins freaked me out. Anyways I'll let you know what I didn't like first -Overall Cleanliness - Right away the room didn't feel clean to me. I ran out and purchased Clorox Wipes and bottles of Lysol and drenched and wiped everything in that suite. I wiped off orange/yellow residue from the kitchen area which grossed me out because I automatically assumed it was either A) Alcohol or B) Alcohol vomit. There were specks of nail polish on the bathroom counter and a smear of makeup on the mirror. Not to mention that wiping the nightstand revealed a black film. EW! Also one of the sofa chairs had suspicious stains all over it, and should have been cleaned or replaced. CONS:Dry Air/Circulation - Everyone that stayed at PH were waking up crazy congested every day. Several days I had dry blood in my nose. Whats up with the air in this place? Stayed at ARIA during my trip as well and didn't experience it.Old Bathroom Fixtures - The sink knobs and faucets were all corroded with lime build up. Every one of them. The shower head was completely covered in build up as well as the floor drain and bidet. I was thoroughly grossed out. The shower head had poor water pressure. My friends room had a leaking toilet and when you turned their faucet on, the water smelled like sewage.Do Not Disturb Sign Bandit - I had a do not disturb sign on my door every day and every day I had housekeeping barge in on me. Either there was a Do Not Disturb Bandit roaming the hallways every day taking signs off of everyones doors, or there's a serious shortage of Do Not Disturb signs. Housekeeping - Half-assed. Some days the bed wouldn't be made but I'd notice our towels were replaced and our toilet paper roll was changed. Or sometimes the garbage wouldn't be emptied, and so on and so forth. Poor Beds - In my friends room, the bed was broken and they said it felt like they were sleeping on a box spring. If you sat on the edge of the bed with all of your weight, you'd tip the bed over. They eventually switched rooms, and unfortunately, they received another dud bed. My bed in the suite was luckily comfortable.Pool - The pool is great and all, but if you're planning on sleeping in, the pool is so loud in the morning, you won't be able to sleep through the DJ and the music. On the weekends, my friend was getting woken at 9 AM with Nelly Down Down Baby. PROS: To be honest, as far as the HOTEL ROOMS go, there are none except for the window view, which was only decent. As far as the hotel/casino itself, I like the fact that it's near a Walgreens and has the Miracle Mile Shops and is walking distance to many of my favorite places (Cosmo, ARIA and Paris are all next door). There are also decent food places in Planet Hollywood and the design of the casino isn't too bad. The lack of cleanliness is what really turned me off of this place. I know all hotel rooms are dirty. I just don't need to see it. Especially $700/night rooms. Won't recommend to anyone.Also, this casino attracts a really young, party crowd. If you're looking for something more sophisticated, look elsewhere.
4	We chose PH for our Vegas hotel because of the location right there center strip, in the middle of all the action. For that location, it's the best quality hotel for the price. The attached mall was great too, could spend a whole day in there without even seeing sunlight (which we did!).
4	Nice casino.  A lot like the others, rich looking and take your money fast!  I liked the girl pedestal dancers for obvious reasons!  This was the closest casino to where i was staying so i was here often.
3	We only stayed in Planet Hollywood for one night. And I don't remember a thing, except there was no refrigerator or microwave. We had gotten one of the more expensive rooms, and we thought it came with that. Oh well. Anyway, it wasn't anything special. The only thing I liked about it was the location, because it's next to and harbors most of the good places to be and eat at on the strip!
1	NO PRIVACY from PH Housekeepers!! I just checked into my room, was completely undressed with my wife. Housekeeping knocks, I yell 'occupied.' They LET THEMSELVES IN with they key, I yelled 'occupied' again! They still poke their head in, because apparently it's room check time, and didnt leave until I yelled back to 'shut my door' and again, 'shut it now!'I call the from desk manager, and am left on hold many times for a total of 15 mins... Apparently the manager(s) are too busy to take complaint calls. Finally they transfer me to a housekeeping supervisor. I get a housekeeper, who refuses to give me her boss until I tell her exactly why I'm calling. When I finally do get the supervisor, in hit-or-miss English, she JUSTIFIES her employee's actions... Because it was room check time after all.. Says she will 'talk to her' though.I call back to front desk, another 10 mins, and manager is still too busy to speak to me at all. Rep notes how long the line is down there. That is MY problem that they can't handle a line, I guess.WORSE STILL: my friend George is in a nearby room. Had the SAME THING happen... But they didn't stop them before they came fully in the room. His wife couldn't get a manager either.Since you WON'T TAKE MY CALL... I would like a call from you, Planet Hollywood. Acknowledge this humiliating situation and make it right. To my wife... I'm sorry you had to deal with these awful people on your well-deserved vacation.******UPDATE: An update: I'd like to thank Robert, a front desk manager, for calling me to make things right. In a case like this with several different people dropping a couple different balls, it was nice to see that He reached out to make it a little better. Thanks Robert for helping make the rest of our stay a little better.
4	We didn't stay here, just casino hopped. We really LOVED earls sandwich place in this hotel. It was legit one of the best sandwiches I have EVER had.  I loved it.The casino was bright and colorful, very full of life and a lot to do and see. I do think this is one of the smaller less popular casinos, however is in a pretty central location that you almost have to walk through it to get to the other side of the strip... Its pretty cool!
1	This hotel has the worst customer service I have ever seen in my life. The managers are a joke. Let me just sum it up for you folks... Firstly, managers are unhelpful and rude as well as the other employees, secondly the rooms are not nice and the shower is a joke. Anyway put in some more money and stay at Wynn or Encore even Mirage you cant go wrong... whatever you do AVOID PH because you will get the worst customer service of your life and to me if I am paying to stay somewhere I would except any respect from their employees ESPECIALLY managers.
5	Planet Hollywood is located in the perfect spot on the strip. Right in the middle. Many of the rooms have a great view of the Bellagio fountains. Rooms are all very nice and very clean. The casino floor is trendy and the layout is a little confusing at times, especially after a few drinks. But its always fun here, a little louder in here than other casinos. They have the "Pleasure Pit" with gogo dancers behind the dealers, huge distraction. Hard to take your eyes off them. Most of the dealers are a distraction also, dressed in revealing outfits. Its very nice to look at but for a weaker man it can be your path to destruction when gambling
3	Pool was awesome. Sportsbook great. Rooms on point. Best craps tables. Turned 100 into 5100 dollars in 4 hours. Insanity.  Couldn't have had a better trip. Got rooms comped and rooms comped for next month
1	DONT MAKE THE MISTAKE WE DIDI stayed here over the past weekend with my wife and a group of friends. When we checked out there was a charge on our room that neither my wife or I approved or knew about. I called the front desk and waited for over 20 minutes for anyone to answer only to be told they could not help and would transfer me to the Spice market Buffet where the charge was from. When they transferred me it was a dead line. NOT COOL!! called the front desk back, waited again, this time the took my phone number and said they would call me back. When they did call me back they just said that the charge was valid and that they could do nothing about it. I explained that i had signed nothing stating that there would be any charge to my room above the $200 credit on the room. I also explained that our room was never cleaned on Saturday. I was again advised that someone would call me back. They did call me back and state that they would refund another party of our group to "make it right". Not really sure how this helps me out at all. Bottom line is no refund has been issued and the additional charge to my card was done fraudulently! Planet Hollywood please call me and make this right!!!
1	Today,  PH confirmed that they are committed to the worst customer experience ever.  30 min wait for elevator, gratuity charged from buffet without authorization, and yet another maid coming into my room unannounced. Robert, a manager, credited me $100 F&B as a make-good for a maid barging into my room with practically unannounced. That was greatly appreciated... until the maid did the SAME THING the NEXT DAY with EVEN LESS KNOCKING! Do you have no decency, PH?Also, I'm writing this review because it looks like they deleted my original review from Facebook.... can't tell if my original Yelp review is still there or not.Planet Hollywood - you're a bunch of criminals, and your housekeepers have no boundaries. Never, ever giving you a dime ever again.
2	**** HOTEL REVIEW****This hotel is no good.  Seriously, spend the extra $20-$40 a night to stay at a better hotel.  The first "non-smoking" room we were put in smelled like an ashtray.  After we let them know, they informed us they would deodorize the room and it would take an hour for it to work.  After this inconvenience we went back to the room and it still reeked of the inside of a cigarette.  After another complaint, they put us in a new room that was on the opposite side of the hotel.  Which would have been fine if they maybe sent up a bell hop to help us repack and move into another room, but they didn't.  Another awful aspect of this place was that for some reason the AC didn't work in the halls or the elevators.  Which was horrible because we would wait 15-20 minutes for an elevator.  Anyway, when we went to complain about these inconveniences the front desk assistant manager was rude and condescending and basically told us there was nothing he was going to do for us.  He finally issued a $50 credit for food and beverage, but it was after much arguing back and forth with him.  All in all the hotel itself is terrible, beds are uncomfortable, room smelled and was dirty, and the staff was rude.  DO NOT STAY HERE, I promise it is worth it to spend the extra money at a better hotel with nicer accommodations...
1	I come to Vegas more often than i'd like to admit.I came and stayed in planet hollywood last month and exactly a year ago.The service was terrible both times.Last year:I was celebrating my 21st birthday and arrived the day prior.Everybody with me went to apply for a Total Rewards card here which was located right next one of the entrances of the hotel so we all went in line together.I was standing pretty far from the counter, barely in earshot and the lady asked if i was 21, "I said not until tomorrow!" and she shot me a dirty look and told me I couldn't stand there. Are you going to tell me go step outside into the scorching heat?This year:Someone in my party was upgraded to platinum status with two free buffet passes.We went to go redeem them at the TR counter and lo and behold, it's a different team of people and it's still unbearable.There was no line, but it took us 45 minutes from the time we walked up to the counter and the time we left.Dana is absolutely horrible, she began to work with us and my mom had some questions. Granted, her english isn't the best but i'm sure you work with a ton of foreign customers that have even more limited english. She was immediately rude right off the bat. Spoke with a pretentious tone and didn't even try to understand her question which really wasn't that difficult.Immediately i grew a dissatisfied look on my face and one of the other employees noticed so she tried to make some small talk, sorry that's not going to help enough.After she took 15 minutes to literally swipe our cards and turn my mood sour, we were turned over to wait on the side for someone to actually put the passes on our cards.Julie walks out and is useless. She just stands there and asks some questions regarding an administrator key or card and also tells us to wait.20 minutes later a man walks out and helps out with the line that has developed, the asian guy now helping us asks him something and he brushes him off.after another 10-15 minutes of just standing there turns out the guy that walked out was the one with the key needed to work the ONE computer they have that can add the passes onto our cards.There counter was fully stocked of useless employees, he could have taken a second when he walked out to help us and another pair of people waiting to get passes loaded before helping with the line, but that would only make them useful.The room is a standard vegas hotel room, none of them are bad, this one is pretty modern.I'd still prefer to stay at caesars where the service is phenomenal and have various pools to lounge it.DON'T COME HERE FOR ANY SERVICE.It's also one of the buffet's worth skipping.
4	PH doesn't have the nicest rooms but they are much better than places like Circus circus and the Quad. What PH lacks in, it makes up for in their casino. The casino here is one of the better casinos on the strip. You wouldn't expect that you're at a mid-tier casino when walking in. I've been to Bellagio and Wynn's casinos and PH is not that far below in terms of look/feel/fun.
4	Came here during EDC Weekend. Nothing much I can rate on.VERY Cheap if you get rooms with a group of friends.Pro: Earls Sandwitch is down stairs. Fat  Tuesday near by. Cheap Casino. Cons: You cant help by order it almost everyday until youre over itService: We checked out and I realized I forgot to check the closet if I left anything in there. Front Desk called security for me and of course security being a lazyfuck didnt want to go check lost and found for me. I kindly said" I'm not sure if I left something would you be able to check if the housekeepers have found or logged any findings" He continued to ask what did i specifically lose and he doesnt know what to look for if I dont know. USELESS ASS. Front desk lady was kind enough to try to handle it her self and told me she'll make sure someone will call me tomorrow and get everything situated with me. If something was to be found they'll ship it. I'm glad at least the employees care about their customers.Besides the security I'll for sure come back!
3	The rooms aren't high quality. To stay for a couple of days is fine. The shops and casino very convenient.
4	Great Casino & Hotel. Perfect for a High School Reunion!Just came back from my high school reunion.  The party was great.  The rooms were nice and the staff very friendly and helpful.  I would recommend and stay at Planet Hollywood in the future.
4	Greatest pro of this hotel is LOCATION. PH is located in the heart of the strip, right across from Cosmo and walking distance to Caesars and Bellagio. Rooms are decently sized and our view from the room was great. I was facing Cosmo and the strip so there were a of lights. Prices are pretty cheap compared to Aria and Cosmo so I would definitely consider staying here next time again. Tips* Early check in fee of $16 or check in after 3pm * Only parking lot is the one next to Miracle Mile so you have to park in the lot and walk through Miracle Mile to the hotel. Otherwise you have to valet your car.
3	(PLEASE READ IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT STAYING HERE)Wont get to deep with my review, but here are some things you should know before booking here.Arrived on a Sunday night and stayed unit Tuesday morning. For what I paid it was a pretty good deal. Employees were very nice, the hotel room was a decent size, clean room and nice bathroom. But the biggest problem to me was the parking. When you 1st arrive you can pull up to the valet, drop off your bags and go check in. But the problem with this hotel compared to others is that the "self parking" garage is located in the mall, which is connected to the Planet Hollywood and the walk to and from the casino to the parking garage is maybe about a 1/4 mile walk. So it can be very inconvenient when you have to park in the garage.  So you would think that parking in the complementary valet area would solve that problem and it does, however if and when the valet is full, you have to park in the "self parking" garage. Valet seemed not to be full during the day but if you drove off and returned closer to the evening expect to be taking a long walk back to your room.  The gaming area is okay, kind of small to other casinos and not a lot of variety with the slot machines. Food selection is not that great either but I highly recommend eating at Gordon Ramseys restaurant "Burgr". Excellent place to eat!! Other than that a decent stay but not something I want to go through again. I would recommend look else where unless your on a budget and can get this place at a low rate.
4	Got back from my babymoon last night with my boyfriend and our stay at Planet Hollywood was awesome!Pros: -Clean room-There is a tub in our bathroom! (Didn't expect that because we just got a standard room but HEY, we won't complain!)-The staff was very nice & helpfulCons:-The self parking garage is literally in the Miracle Mile Mall and its one hell of a walk to and from there. -They charged us a $28 early check in fee on a Tuesday morning. Everyone else on Yelp said it was only $16?! Did we get ripped off?!So prior to booking our actual stay at Planet Hollywood, my boyfriend and I initially only wanted to go to Vegas to do the Buffet of Buffets deal. We saw that PlanetHollywood had a package deal that included the room plus 2 BoB passes! SCORE! He booked the hotel and was charged $215 but at check out he had to pay an addition $72?! Wow.. That's a total of $287 for two nights and 2 24hr BoB passes.. Each pass was $49 so the room itself was about $94 (including that ridiculous $20 resort fee, boo). Don't get me wrong, this was a great hotel. Better than Luxor ill tell you that's for sure! But man their early check in fee plus those resort fees will put a hole in ur wallet lol. It was worth it though because of the hotels location! I would def stay here again, but not do the BoB deal to save some money :)
2	Tackylicious.  Bathrooms dont lock at all.  Glass on shower isn't tempered.  Bathroom only had one sink. No couch in room either.  They said they would send blankets but they showed up 2 hrs later with a pile of sheets and pillows....wtf?  Really? Thanks for the 4am sheets delivery.  I slept so much better with those sheets!  If you want to squeeze a bunch of people into one room then this is not the place for you. On a positive note the hotel was very funky and Gordon Ramsay has a restaurant there :D
4	Second time staying here.  Got a nice room with a view of the Strip (Venetian/Palazzo right across the street).  Came here for work, so didn't get to go to the pool.  Casino dealers are mostly friendly, decent food selection, smoke is not overwhelmingly bad.The highlight this time re: the room was the bathroom.  Two different entrances, a sink outside the main area of the bathroom, and another sink inside, along with both a shower and a tub, and a TV.   Glass didn't fog up so was able to watch TV while showering; that was pretty awesome.
1	We stayed at the the Planet Hollywood for the July 4th weekend, the rooms were not bad, the bathroom was huge. The casino is pretty decent, they have gogo dancers at the BlackJack tables, and from 9pm till midnight there was really awesome cover band playing at the bar. The Spice Market buffet was really good. Also the hotel is walking distance from Caesars, Bellagio, Aria , Paris and other great Casinos and attractions. Great location and the rooms rates were reasonable. But that is not the reason this hotel gets a 2 star from me. Our room was on the 7th floor, on the 2nd night we woke up to the sound of fire alarms at 3AM. We rushed out to the corridor and we ran into a lot of sleepy confused people in the hallway, some people were trying to take the elevator to the ground floor... bad idea... we tried to stop them.. but they went anyway. Almost the entire floor rushed down the fire exits to the safety. We  then walked to the checkin counter and alerted the casino staff that the fire alarm just went off... they seemed oblivious to the fact, they did not even know that their hotel fire alarm just went off. We found out the fire alarm was set on the 7th and 8th floor, so there were hotel customers from both floor trying to tell the hotel staff that they need to check it out for fire. The hotel staff at the checkin did not seem to be worried about it. Few people claimed that they saw smoke on the 8th floor, finally one of the cleaning ladies said it might be a false alarm. The hotel staff still did not want to even acknowledge that the alarm was tripped much less there is possibility of a fire! After a while some of us got tired of waiting around for the hotel staff to respond  to our requests and we went back to our rooms. The fire alarm had stopped by the time we got to 7th floor. I think the staff responded in the most irresponsible and negligent manner. I am never going to stay at the hotel again, they have no concern for their customer's safety.
2	Nickled and Dimed or $15d and $20d - that's before you get to the casino.Having stayed at PH in the past, I had decided to return since the other Caesar Ent hotels are worn and tired based on previous stays.  My stay was midweek when occupancy is not as great as the weekend.The arrival experience at PH was less than pleasant.  If you self-park, it is quite a trek to registration through the shops, dodging visitors, through the casino and down to the front office.  Having waited in line for 35-40 minutes to check-in, it was my turn to be assisted by one of the five agents.The desk agent advised me of the $20 per day resort fee that I would be charge and the inclusion (internet for one device, gym access and LOCAL CALLS).  Free local calls - I guess that benefits those who do not have cell phones?!?While I was aware the recently added resort charge at PH and other Caesar Ent hotels, I was shocked when she asked if I would like to get my keys now for $15 for "early check-in."  Check-in time is 3:00PM and it was 2:40PM.  Seriously?  The room was vacant and ready and check-in time was 20-minutes away.PH will be happy to know that I paid the fee, plus the tax that was not disclosed at C/I.  There was a line already formed for those there to pick-up their preregistration keys.If I would have known in advance of this fee, I may have timed my arrival differently.  Guess I should have read some of the reviews on Yelp before my visit.The guests rooms are okay; the rooms are dark with small windows.  The bed/mattress was not comfortable. Even though the minimum bet at the table games is $15 the casino doesn't have an exciting "vibe". The dealers are pleasant and engaging. Okay, a few pluses - the room was relatively clean, the bathroom is large, there is a separate adult pool, Earl of Sandwiches has good offerings with an efficient system and PH has a good central location on the strip.With the addition of the fees, the resorts across the strip are a better value - newer, fresher product with better service.
5	We love Planet Hollywood. This is definitely our favorite place to stay on the strip, mainly because of its price considering the location. The rooms are clean. The Miracle Mile shops are awesome and City Center is right across the street. There are a lot of good restaurants and I love the decor!
3	this review is only for the room..first off, the view was spectacular! location is on point (center of strip). stayed in the jacuzzi suite. it was really basic. honestly, i was expecting it to be fancy or at least with a jacuzzi that didn't resemble a plain old tub and one that could hold more than one person. it's ok though. it's vegas! you shouldn't be stuck in the hotel all day long unless you're gambling.  hmm.. what i liked about it was its simplicity. there were a few of charlie sheen's belongings displayed. other than that, nothing special.the bed is comfy; "clean" is a different story which i'll get to.. no fridge and very little closet space (didn't matter to me; i never use the closet). there are no locks for the bathroom doors. *take note if you're rooming with others.  their shampoo and body wash sucked, but it's all good.comforter was nasty!  a certain area of it smelled like B.O. haha and i didn't notice it til i woke up the next morning.. i know for a fact it wasn't me or my husband. we don't smell 'that' bad when we sweat! i threw it onto the carpet and saw shredded chicken underneath, like someone was eating a taco and used the comforter as a napkin. what!for that reason i'm going back to never trusting hotel comforters.  they probably never change them.i forgot to mention that the walls are thin so you can hear your neighbors' conversations. we kept our  DO NOT DISTURB sign on & twice i woke up to the housekeeper's entrance (attempted entrance as the deadbolt lock was on). they're really noisy in the morning. overall, ph was alright. got the room comp for five nights (thanks to ma uncle) so i can't really complain. we ended up staying only for three nights though...cuz i was complaining. lol.i'll stay here again only if i really have to.
1	If I could give this place any less of a star I would do so. So biggest thing to make this place not worth the land it is built on is that they  first, GAVE ALL MY INFO AND MY ROOM BILLING INFO for both of the rooms that I had booked under my name only to another person. This in turn caused huge issues in our group, we actually had a huge blow up in the lobby due to this. Second, they allowed another person in our group to go and check into a room that I was told was not ready to be checked into WITHOUT ME BEING PRESENT and WITHOUT ME EVEN BEING AT THE PROPRTY. Now I don't think I am an expert on privacy laws or occupancy and identification requirements, but I believe that this is something that is illegal or against the law, not to mention I would also think this would be against hotel policy. I am actually getting legal counseling for this and am looking into what I can do about a situation like this. ANYONE OUT THERE CONTACT me if you have any info you can share.Let's get to the hotel. Bathroom doors were broken, out of the 3 rooms we had 1 had a fridge, power plug to the desktop computer area didn't work(which is not a big deal just have to mention it all), and how in the world can you have a hotel now a days that doesn't have an ipod hook up(either to the tv or clock radio) to play music. Also we asked for 2 glasses to the room to use for drinks and they charged me $10 to use an extra pair of glasses. This the first time I have ever had a hotel charge me to use some of their glasses. I could have gone and played cheap slots and ordered free drinks that would come with a glass. Now to the pool. When I walked out to the pool it was nice to see all the space that it had. But then I kept walking looking for some pools to go into. And kept looking and low and behold finally found their pools. When I saw how small and horribly bad these pools were I thought I would kill myself. But after looking at how packed and disgusting the water was in the pool I figured if I want to do that I might as well get in because that disease filled pool could do it for me. This is definitely one of the, if not the worst pool I have ever seen.I can keep going on more and more but my hands are tired and I don't want to waste any more of my time at the moment. If you want to know more get in touch with me.
5	For my first time in Vegas during spring break in college, I thought Planet Hollywood was a great place to stay! My group of friends chose the suite in order to live it up for our first time. It included two beds, a kitchen, a hot tub and very spacious accommodations. We played music on the TV and we could listen to our jams as we got ready in the restroom. Our view was great because we could see the rest of the strip and the hustle and bustle of Vegas. Planet Hollywood is a great location because it is in the middle of the strip and is right next to the really nice hotels and shops. There is a mall or shopping center within the vicinity so you can do some souvenir shopping, gamble, or even grab a drink at Fat Tuesday. Fat Tuesday and Earl sSandwich are located in the same building so that was the best decision ever since Earls Sandwich is 24 hours. I really think my friends and I chose a prime location where we could really take in the Vegas experience. Despite it being on the Strip, it seems like you will always be taxiing wherever you go even when you are less than a mile away from the club. When you are in heels or it's late at night, you never want to walk back. Lucky for us since PH is in a prime location, the cost wasnt that bad. There are taxis circling in the parking area at PH so that is always convenient. **TIPS**1) The suite life is pretty awesome. I would definitely recommend it.2) If the day club is too expensive, there pool area is really nice to lounge around.3) Enjoy your stay!
1	If I could give this place any less of a star I would do so. So biggest thing to make this place not worth the land it is built on is that they  first, GAVE ALL MY INFO AND MY ROOM BILLING INFO for both of the rooms that I had booked under my name only to another person. This in turn caused huge issues in our group, we actually had a huge blow up in the lobby due to this. Second, they allowed another person in our group to go and check into a room that I was told was not ready to be checked into WITHOUT ME BEING PRESENT and WITHOUT ME EVEN BEING AT THE PROPRTY. Now I don't think I am an expert on privacy laws or occupancy and identification requirements, but I believe that this is something that is illegal or against the law, not to mention I would also think this would be against hotel policy. I am actually getting legal counseling for this and am looking into what I can do about a situation like this. ANYONE OUT THERE CONTACT me if you have any info you can share.Let's get to the hotel. Bathroom doors were broken, out of the 3 rooms we had 1 had a fridge, power plug to the desktop computer area didn't work(which is not a big deal just have to mention it all), and how in the world can you have a hotel now a days that doesn't have an ipod hook up(either to the tv or clock radio) to play music. Also we asked for 2 glasses to the room to use for drinks and they charged me $10 to use an extra pair of glasses. This the first time I have ever had a hotel charge me to use some of their glasses. I could have gone and played cheap slots and ordered free drinks that would come with a glass. Now to the pool. When I walked out to the pool it was nice to see all the space that it had. But then I kept walking looking for some pools to go into. And kept looking and low and behold finally found their pools. When I saw how small and horribly bad these pools were I thought I would kill myself. But after looking at how packed and disgusting the water was in the pool I figured if I want to do that I might as well get in because that disease filled pool could do it for me. This is definitely one of the, if not the worst pool I have ever seen.I can keep going on more and more but my hands are tired and I don't want to waste any more of my time at the moment. If you want to know more get in touch with me
3	If you're looking for value, this place is great. I've stayed just about everywhere in LV and I usually recommend this place to people who don't want to spend a fortune. Rooms are priced decently and I'd rate them slightly above average for a standard strip casino hotel room even though the rooms, halls, elevators, etc. are really showing their age. Best thing about this hotel is the location. There is more to do in this section of the strip than any of the other parts. What you save in cab fare will make up for the price difference between this place and somewhere like Excaliber, Flamingo, Harrahs, etc. The miracle mile shops are on average much less expensive than the shopping at nearby hotels (Bellagio, Crystals @ City Center, Cosmopolitan...you get the point). There is a nice selection of restaurants in any price range with convenient access to the higher end restaurants in the adjacent casinos. The two ABC stores in the miracle mile are nice to stock up on booze without paying gift shop prices or round trip cab fare to a liquor store. It's not as convenient as one might think to just leave the casino and head to the liquor store to pick something up without having a car.
2	do yourself a favor and leave the craps table if Rich is one of the dealers...this man does not listen to a single thing anyone says...I had a small amount on a table and had asked him to "turn my bets off" and he supposedly didn't hear me and ended up trying to take my chips when someone rolled a 7.  When I called him out on it even people on the other side of the table said that they heard me turn my bet off...on top of that, the asian lady with the stick kept poking me with the stick when i was arguing about this (despite me telling her not to touch me with the damn thing)...and then the pit boss (bigges a-hole of them all) came over and said "what did you have? $34 on the table?? give him his $34" in a condescending tone...listen bud...i dont care if it was $34 or $3400...dont be a F#(*&$ing d!$K.
4	I've stayed here the past several times I've been to Vegas. It's in a great location.The rooms are way cheaper than nearby properties (Cosmo/Aria/etc.).The blackjack tables are always available.The dealers, depending on where you sit, can be really nice to talk to or really nice to look at. Some are even both.It's a really fast trip back and forth from the airport because drivers can totally skip the strip if they want to.It's part of Total Rewards which as far as I can tell is the best rewards program.The only thing I really don't like is the resort fee and having to pay for internet if you don't have a high status with Total Rewards (me).
4	Planet Hollywood has lots of good things going for it.LOCATION:The location does not get any better. PH is at ground zero on the Vegas Strip. You are directly across the street from the Cosmo and Aria and the Bellagio is one block over. You can walk to all of the cool stuff on the strip including the stores and bars in between casinos. That said, expect a ton of people. Having a great location means that everyone wants to be there, so it will be crowded.HOTEL:The PH hotel itself gets very crowded, especially on the weekends. It is way more packed than the Hard Rock. This is not necessarily a bad thing, depending on what you are looking for, but it will slow you down when you have to wait in line for anything (check in, buffet, shows, etc.). CASINO:At night they have hot women dancing on the card tables. It is awesome. They are also fairly quick to bring you the "free" booze of your choice while you are gambling. The nightclub in the Planet Hollywood is okay. I suggest skipping it and heading over to the Wynn to check out XS or the one at the Cosmo (I don't remember what it's called). ROOMS:The rooms are nice and comfy and cheap. Each has a different theme. Mine was for the movie and TV show The Fugitive. My friend's room had a mafia theme and they had a bunch of gangster stuff framed in the walls and tables. The TV's are large and the bathroom is huge and has a jacuzzi, a stand up shower and a private toilet with its own door. Very nice and big enough for several people to do what they gotta do at the same time.POOL:They have two relatively small pools on the 6th floor. One is Pleasure and that is the only one that matters. It is the adult pool complete with DJ everyday and cocktail service. You cannot go there without renting a day bed ($35) or a cabana ($250+) unless you are okay with just throwing a towel on the concrete and camping out on the ground. Pleasure fills up quickly on most days, so go early if you want a bed. It's worth the money because then you have somewhere dry to keep you bucket of beer, phone, wallet and whatever else you need out there.The other pool has free lounge chairs, but it's meant for families with kids and that's the only kind of people over there. It''s quiet and boring and I don't know about bar service. EXTRA STUFF:Definitely go walk around the Miracle Mall Shops, which wraps around the casino. They have a bunch of cool stuff, but most of it is expensive. There is a liquor store that has everything you may need as far as booze and souvenirs, but you may want to walk out the front door of the hotel and make a left and then walk over to the Walgreens to pick up a cooler for your room. It's much cheaper to buy beer or cocktails from the store and drink as much as possible in your room before going out.Finally - don't miss a chance to eat, drink and ride the bull at the PBR Bar in the Miracle Shops area right outside of YOLOS. If you ride the bull, buy the picture they take of you on it, because it makes a great thing to take home.
2	Not one of my favorites. My expierence  on the Business Conference side was not good. However the rooms are themed which is pretty neat.
3	I've been a fan of PH since the first day I stayed there a few years ago. My husband and I like to stay there when we go without the kids because its more of a party hotel and is pretty much in the middle of everything. Last time we went I was a bit disappointed. We had a room facing the strip but what good did that do when the windows were caked with dirt not only that but our room wasn't very clean and the hallways looked dirty with lifted stained carpet and chiped paint. That was a little disappointing, there was lime and rust around the faucets in the bathroom which I get happens but I rarely see that at nice hotels. The staff is always really nice and always willing to help I just wish the room upkeep was set at a higher standard cause this hotel is one of my favorites.
3	I was struggling between deciding between 3 and 4 stars, because at the end of the day it is A-OK (if forced), but not 'Yay! I'm a fan.' (whatsoever). I liked it because of the location...very close to Aria and other nice casinos. The rooms were a little outdated, and the bathrooms were a lot outdated. Will I stay here again? No if it's my choice.
5	I have always been a fan of this hotel. The location is great, so are the rooms, restaurants, nightclubs, buffet, and service, even the casino floor is inviting. We would have stayed there this go around had their competitor not been so accommodating.
1	Planet Hollywood is a lipstick covered Aladdin hotel. Although the rooms seem upgraded, the cleanliness and overall up keep was terrible. We were there for 2 nights and had to switch rooms 3 times. Last thing you want to do is wake up in the morning and not be able to shower because the drainage system doesn't work and your ankle deep in sudsy water and grim. They told us we had to wait to switch room until the evening. After insisting with them to switch rooms immediately they did only to find out our next room was filthy. Hair and grim on the bath tub, shower and toilet bowl, food crumbs in pillow cases and dust bunnies everywhere. In addition the sinks didn't drain properly again. So ended up switching to another room late afternoon, wasn't clean again but we were fed up. They offered to waive a $40 resort fee but when check out came there was no manager and the agent didn't honor the $40 resort fee waive. Honestly it wasn't worth it, a cheaper hotel on the strip was not worth the hassle we went through for a clean room. Id rather spend the extra $$ and go back to Bellagio, Venetian or any of the newer ones.When I tried to complain at checkout they told me all the managers were busy and that I could call in and a manager would try and do something for me.  When I called the next day, the manager Roberto said that there is nothing he can do.  Really? I'm sure if he stayed in his own hotel and had to switch 3 separate rooms they would have comped him or even made his stay more enjoyable.  This hotel is the worse one I've ever been to on the strip and the way they treat their guests is terrible.  Never go to this hotel.  It's not worth it.
4	PH is a great place to stay/play... miracle mile has a ton of good shops and heart bar is my favorite bar in the joint :)I had fun playing the slots even though I'm not even a big slot player... I seriously never win haha but I did have fun :)The staff is pretty courteous considering all the out of it people they have to put up with
2	I am so disappointed with Planet Hollywood. I booked it through Vegas.com, which we had other issues with, and the hotel room wasn't great.  Very small, and none of the basic amenities. No fridge, no coffeemaker, half a closet that you can barely fit anything into.  Only allowed to have WiFi for one device.  And having them bring up a mini fridge is an extra charge. So ridiculous.  Just disappointing overall.  I mean even the nozzle on the shower still said Aladdin - really?? You didn't even bother to change that? I'm sure all the furniture is the old Aladdin furniture too, because it was tiny and old-looking. We had issues with Vegas.com not telling us there is a new resort fee policy of $20 extra a night that is not included in your original purchase. (I've been a customer for a long time and they never notified me that their Terms and Conditions had changed, which I read before the new policy was added).I understand that the fee issue is Vegas.com's fault, but when the PH Towers were still around, and I had an issue with Orbitz at the time not giving me the suite I paid for and just gave us a normal tiny room, the manager of the Towers called them for me and talked to them about it. He helped us fix the problem!  These employees at Planet Hollywood didn't even bother to try at all to help us.  The only thing they did was waive the fee for bringing up a mini fridge, and then they stuck it in the bathroom! Gross. They should consider adding more outlets in the room. The only good thing is the mall, and the hotel location.  The pool is eh. Small, nothing special.I cannot believe how few amenities they have. And how little they are willing to help. They even took forever to bring us towels.  Will not stay at Planet Hollywood again.  Not worth it, I can get a nicer place that treats you well.
1	Rude Valet. They are THEEE worse people. You must not want me to gamble or eat here because of the 3 days I was in Vegas your valet was CLOSED (only available to those staying or Diamond Club) I came here for Earl of Sandwich and for the big 6 wheel gambling. I had to lie and say I was staying here so I wouldn't have to shlep in the 101+ degree heat to spend MY money !
5	LOVE. LOVE. LOVE. I will not stay at another place in Vegas. I have found my home. Just got back from my honeymoon. Stayed 1 week at Harrahs (see separate review) and 1 week at PH. Ph is amazing. Perfect location in the heart of the strip- across from Cosmo (which houses Marquee day club- the best, and Wicked Spoon- best Vegas buffet). PH has everything you need and want and you dont have to leave. PH has the Earl of Sandwich, PBR, Pinks, and the new and amazing Gordon Ramsay Burgr. My fav food places. They also have a HUGE mall downstairs that fits all your needs. (ABC stores for drinks, souvenirs, etc). They have 2 theaters for shows, several Starbucks, Stripper bar, Blondies, seafood places, Italian places, etc. We  had a resort room and it was gorgeous with a view of the Paris pool and Bellagio fountains. The bathroom was huge with a nice soaking tub. Big, super comfy bed and nice flat screen tv. We also had a fridge that helped with all the leftovers. Staff was so helpful and SUPER friendly. Staff was very fast in bringing our bags and helping us with them when we left. DEF DEF recommend!! Plus- you are next door to Paris, Sugar Factory, Gordon Ramsay Steak, etc. Gallery nightclub in PH was a wreck- i'll di a separate review for that. And no matter what happens DO NOT SEE SIN CITY COMEDY. (see sep review). The Spa in PH was awesome as well. (see sep review for Madera spa).
3	Last June I stayed at Elara (old PH West towers) and absolutely loved it. Last week I stayed at PH in the North Towers. The room was nice, the staff was polite and helpful and the location (middle of the strip) is excellent. There are plenty of good places to eat at the hotel and the shopping at Miracle Mile is great. While I didn't gamble much at PH, the casino is adequate. I would've given a 4 star rating if it weren't for one HUGE con...the walk from the hotel room to the parking garage (valet was full 2 nights) is ridiculously far! It has to be the better part of a mile; not kidding. It easily took 10-15 minutes to get to the car as I had to walk halfway around the mall each time. The parking garage entrance to Elara is maybe 20 yards from the elevators. Won't be staying at PH again.
4	We arrived on a Friday around 1:30pm. Valet staff were nice & assisted us quickly. There was a line to check in, but we probably only waited for about 15-20 mins. We booked a Hollywood Hip King room but got an upgrade to a bigger room with a view of the strip! & the early check in fee was waived :) The only minor issue we had was with the toilet that didn't flush sometimes.. Lol. Other than that, I loved the room & the convenience of the hotel's location!
3	Stayed at PH last week - Great rates if you research. Hotel was nice -- very loud club like atmosphere, so if you don't like this, this would not be a good place for you to stay. Room was clean, a/c was not working, but they fixed. I would score higher, but the shower had someone else's hair clinging in it.
2	We have been staying at Planet Hollywood for years and have always been totally happy.  It seems now they need some updating.  Our toilet malfunctioned and we would have to get up and rattle the handle.  The music  from outside somewhere was so loud that it vibrated the plastic showcase on our wall and there was vibrating for several hours every nite.  It was so loud we had to turn the TV volume up considerably.  There is a wall unit in the room with drawers in it, the doors of the wall unit covering the drawers were off with the bare hinges hanging.  When the people in the next room showered the plumbing made a constant sound while they were in the shower that was about as loud as the showcase vibrating on the wall. Staff was fine.   That will be our last stay at Planet Hollywood.
2	Our room was still dirty upon check in.  Housekeeping apparently doesn't move furniture to clean; we found used q-tips under the chair.  Our room was very dark; 2 light bulbs were burnt out and we were missing a lamp.  Maintenance came about 45 minutes after our call to repair it.  Even the bathroom wasn't too clean.  Interesting that the room wasn't too clean, but the housekeeping service was always prompt.  They would be knocking at your door as early at 8AM to clean your room.  The room wasn't too big or impressive.  You also can't do express check out from the room; the tv didn't work or didn't have that option.  We had to fill out a paper to check out in the lobby.  The pool area wasn't great either.   The only nice things in this hotel:  The Location, Gordon Ramsay Burgr, Mall, and the Pleasure Pit. PARKING Beware: If you arrive past noon, Valet is usually full.  You will need to self park and walk through the entire mall with your luggage.
4	We spent in Vegas 5 days and our whole stay was @ Planet Hollywood. The rooms are amazing, we had a great view on the Bellagio fountains. All the staff is nice and polite. They have a great Spice Market buffet inside, it was the best buffet Ive ever been to. On Saturdays there's a Bikini contest at the pool with lots of ppl and its fun to watch. Theres the total of 2 pools, one is only for 21+. The only thing I personally didn't like about them is that there r sofas outside next to the regular chairs anf of course a lot of ppl would prefer that. After laying there for an hour some girl came to us and said we have to pay 50$ for the sofa for the whole day so we just left since it was almost evening. And there were a lot of ppl like us. There were NO signs saying that they r not complimentary plus they come check on that like once in 2 hours, so as soon as one person leaves from that sofa, another one comes there at the same time. SO anyway its not that important. Our stay there was really nice, clean room every day, comfy bed, lots of stuff to do. Plus the location is really great , walking distance to almost everything, if u like shopping they also have a huge mall inside plus don't forget to check out the Rainstorm inside it - a rain inside the building looks great.If u have tickets for the V theater make sure u r coming earlier. We has a coupon and came an hour before the beginning. We spent 40 min in 3 lines... and after that they told us we have to pay 50+ extra $ since they run out of regular seats.
4	The rooms here were all right, there's no mini fridge to keep stuff cold, so me and my friends made the bath tub our "cooler" by filling it up with a shit ton of ice. It wasn't too much of a problem, because we only stayed in our room to watch the 2013 aspen x games. The rest if the room is alright nothing to fancy. Our room was decorated with stuff about Sulvestet Stalon, it was pretty weird. The casino floor however was much better, there are a lot of tables and slot machines and a bar/ lounge in the middle of the room. The miracle mall wraps around the outside of the casino and makes it convenient I'd you wanna shop, eat, or buy some cheap beer at one of the 2 ABC Stores. Overall my experience here was great.
4	Party like a rockstar!If you're looking for a luxurious, quiet, prim and proper hotel, DO NOT COME HERE! Planet Hollywood Hotel is for those who really want to party it up! I really enjoy coming to Planet especially to GAMBLE! Sometimes, I'll be gambling up to the wee hours of the morning and I need a high energy environment to keep myself going! I love how they have good music, high energy, dancers on tables, people yelling, all without being TOO trashy or dirty! I stayed here a couple of times and I must say, the people at the desk are really friendly depending on how you play it out.  I read previous reviews about the $20 trick for an upgrade and it TOTALLY worked! They hooked me up with a suite and it was niceeee!The room can use a little updating.  Even in the suites it looks like it needs a little bit of work.  But for the price and location, you really can't complain.The main reason why I like staying at Planet is the location! Right across from the Cosmo, Aria and Bellagio and right next to the Paris hotel. I'm within walking distances from pretty much all the good hotels on the strip so if I ever feel like eating or playing anywhere else, I can just make a quick walk across the bridge.I also love the fact the Planet is connected to the Miracle Mile so if there's anything that you need, you can just walk around and find it in the mall!It's not the greatest and latest hotel. It's not the cleanest or most luxurious. But I honestly enjoy coming to Planet. You can find me at the craps table here!!
5	The planet holleywood is in the perfect spot on the strip. You are close to all the more expensive hotels - ceasars, cosmo, bellagio, wynn.... but not paying the price to sleep there! Rooms were good. Service was great. I have stayed at a few other places in this price range, but this is my where I will be staying from now on in the future.
2	Rooms are not bad and the price for the room is "ok".  Close to everything.  Seemed odd that you had to pay over $20 for the fitness room.
4	We enjoyed a two night stay at Planet Hollywood. Check in was a short line as we arrived earlier than check in time. At the desk, the young lady that served us was Mary Jayne and she was so kind, super nice with a smile. She checked us in early for free & sent a mini fridge to our room for free without me asking for it, so we really appreciated that. She provided us with all the information that we needed for the hotel. Mary Jayne you rock!We get to our room and had a view of the mountains and I'm fine with that, because I'm only in the room for sleeping & showering.....lol. The room was very clean and spacious. Bathroom huge with a big soaker tub, but once again...I'm only in my room for sleep & showering! We stayed in a Hiphop room with a King bed and that was one of the most comfortable beds I ever had in a hotel and I travel a lot. PH has plenty of restaurants to choose from inside of the hotel or you can go to Miracle Mile Mall because its connected to the hotel and that's the bomb. PH, I will be back!  P.S.For all of the newbies in Vegas, just about every hotel on the strip has a Resort Fee!! GET OVER IT
3	We had a reasonable stay at PH.I booked PH because of the excellent experience a couple of years ago, finding out that things were not all as good as remembered.Room was ok, could have been a little cleaner.Biggest bummer was that they were charging extra for almost everything!Not even talking about te $20 a day resort fee.They charged $24 a day for my two year old son to sleep in the room!The resort fee included wifi for only one device per day. Each extra phone/ipad/laptop: $13.99 a dayI booked the room including a continental breakfast which turned out to be a $18 a day credit at the hotels Starbucks.The check-inn guy told me is was $9 per person, but when I told him there were three of us (having paid $24 a day for my son) he changed his story to $18 max per room per day. Turned out to be used for coffee and pastry only....(fruit and yoghurt turned up on bill)Arriving at 1.30 PM after a long trip from Europe, early checkin was another $17 on the bill.Al together a $44 a night special deal added up to a total bill of over $400 for three nights....Location is great on the Strip next to many of big resorts.casino was also very nice.Will go somewhere else next time.
5	Planet Hollywood, centrally located on the Las Vegas strip, has to be one of my newest favorite hotel now.  Booked the room back in February 2013 for this trip, 25 AUG to 28 AUG, for a mini bachelor party.  I was comped for three nights/four days, and the resort had waived all resort fees and taxes.  I was sure skeptical of staying at the pH b/c I've read so many negative reviews on TripAdvisor, but to my surprise, I was actually impressed with everything.Check-InAfter a delayed three hour arrival flight from Los Angeles, the driver picked me up at McCarran, and took me directly to the pH circular drop off area.  The personnel opened up the doors, and led the way to the front desk area.Although there was a slight 10 minute wait at check-in, it wasn't too bad at all.  When my turn came up for check-in, the young man took my passport and confirmation number, and since I declined to pay incidental charges, I was lucky not provide any credit card info.  I did confirm with the front desk agent that everything was comped, and since he did a great job at his service, I tipped the guy $20, and I received, not only an upgrade to their resort strip view room, but also a free rollaway bed for three nights (usually $30/night).  When it comes to service, they are right on--they meet my standards The RoomSo the access from the lobby to the elevators/room wasn't bad at all.  Took the north tower elevator to the eighteenth floor, and was given to my surprise, a large resort view room.  Although the room didn't have the 180 strip view room, which I wasn't expecting at all, it had a wonderful view of pool plus the Aria/strip view.  The location of the room was just perfect--three doors away from the corner of the elevator area, with very little floor hall noise to hear.When you walk into the room, you'll notice a large bathroom with dual vanities (one on each side) with a toilet area that separates by a door, from the bathroom area.  I love this--shower is separated from the tub.  The room itself is a bit oddly shaped--the television is set in the middle where the beds aren't directly in front, but on its side.  The two love seats are in front with a large themed table in front, with the two large sized windows.  OK, so I see a lot of people being so freaken meticulous about the wear and tear of the furniture.  OK, so there's a little wear-and-tear, but really, when you're in Vegas with a bunch of guys for a bachelor party, you're there to crash and sober up for the next day, with of course showering/cleaning up, and getting a good night's rest.  I didn't really notice those things, and if you all had bad experiences in the past, good for you.To me, the beds were ridiculously comfortable--didn't want to wake up in the morning.  The beds are quite large--could it possibly be two kings instead of two queens? I don't know but for whatever reason, they were sure comfortable to me.The one thing I noticed was that there was no armoire.  They had a small closet to hang up your jackets, pants, dressy stuff, but not an armoire to store those folded polos and jeans--a little odd.Really, you all think the rooms were dark, because to me, they weren't dark at all.  They were actually really bright, and I loved how all the sunlight came thru.  CasinoThe casino is actually pretty fun inside.   Although it's quite easy to get lost in it, I like the vibe of the casino--it presents a very young-crowd atmosphere.  My favorite has definitely got to be the Pleasure Pit--really good looking girls dancing with hot and attractive card dealers--don't mind staring at them all day.Eateries/Restaurants/BuffetsAlthough my friends and I did not dine at the more upscale restaurants on site i.e.: Gordon Ramsey's BurGr, or one of the other fancier restaurants, we did dine at the buffet for the all-you-can-eat King Crab dinner.  The price is fair, at around $35, for all you can eat, but here's a definite suggestion: if you go to the buffet, go before 6PM or after 8:30PM, because we attempted to go the first night we arrived at around 6:30PM, and there was no way we were going to be waiting in line for a half hour.  The food's pretty good--not the best I've had, but definitely not bad at all.  Service was a little lousy, however you can't expect the best these days.  The quality of the food was above average, but not excellent.  For example, I got a plate of pasta, and usually, pasta's pretty good wherever you go--a staple item, however the one bite I took of the linguini wasn't edible, and I just couldn't finish it at all.  The crab legs were very good, and it was a bargain for what we paid.  All in all, buffet passes my test.Overall ExperienceLoved the hotel--location/amenities/fun vibeWill I stay here again?  YesOverall Grade: A
1	I have been coming to PH for years, they have along the way allowed me to work my way up to a diamond tier VIP for the last 2 years. You accumulate points for each dollar spent in PH as well as when you're playing at its sister/brother casinos. They used to be an great spot to go stay as well as play, well... that is all in the past! I would advise you all to stay away from Harrah's, that includes Ceasar's Palace as well as Planet Hollywood when it comes to rating. Casinos overall expect you to lose your money , in return they give you  player comps , free rooms, shows, food.PH does the worst job of rating players. Giving them an inadequate play to bet and time ratio, therefore cheating the customers out of any possibility of future loyalty ever again as well as advertised tier credits, reward points, and promotional offers.When I caught onto this I called PH general manager , his response was polite and affirming that it would be corrected , the very next month or so they fucked me and moved me  down from diamond tier to the lowest. Thanks Harrahs , Thanks to you I can spend time when I'm at Las Vegas at MUCH better resorts such as Cosmopolitan and Palazzo!!! PH food.. does not offer much inside. EARL's of Sandwhich is the best spot inside. Strangely I cannot get sick of it.They also offer a deli/cafe inside and a PF. CHANGS. FOOD 3/5 (would be a 1/5 if it were not for Earls)Rooms are each decorated with a special theme based on the individual movie it is cosplaying with. I would say overall the casino is smokey and not clean.UH I once had bedbugs in one of the rooms. They settled that matter quickly and called the right people to handle it.ROOMS 2/5I would have to rate the service of the casino hosts 5/5  especially from TRACY ,she is one of the busiest hosts there but she still manages to give some time to assist and make my trips as great as possible, and always does it with this huge smile.Last but not least. Pit boss.1/5One point only cause you have to stand while you work and at times you guys dress slightly attractive.Minus 4 points cause you guys DO NOT know how to fairly rate your customers.The job of a Pit boss is to ensure the players and dealers are fairly going through play at each table.. as well as fairly rating players.My experience with PH would have been excusable had it been a one time thing, but re-occuring circumstances made me believe PH's pit bosses are just lazy and it is not worth it for ANYONE to play there anymore. Take your business elsewhere because they do not rate players fairly.
3	Our group of friends had been wanting to stay here for a while, and a group of eight (8) stayed here last week for a bachelor party that we had organized.  PRO's:**Location:  All about the location, and this is right in the middle of the Strip.  You are able to walk out and go anywhere from here.  That's always nice.**Casino Floor: The biggest strength of Planet Hollywood is the casino floor, as gambling here is really fun.  They had the Pleasure Pit, which has mostly female dealers in sexy corsets at the tables and occasionally dancing on stands in the middle of the table area.  I have no complaints about that... They have plenty of tables to play at, and depending on the time of day, the tables were $5-20.  They have a bunch of the standard video machines, although I didn't find too many video poker machines when I was wandering around.**Rooms: The deluxe rooms are a good size, and are set up nicely.  The bathrooms are large, and have a separate door to the toilet, which is nice when you have a bunch of guys in the room.  Beds were OK, I have had better, but also worse.  They have a couple chairs, a small table and desk. Rooms could use some updating.**Restaurants: They have a lot of places to eat, from Spices Buffet to the Gorden Ramsey spots you can choose from.  Pink's Hot Dogs is right outside, and you can also go the the Miracle Mile stores and find something in there as well.CON's:**Pool: Our room was right next to the pool entrance, which made for a lot of comings and goings during the day.  The pool is actually very small, and but the pool area is actually huge.  We were able to grab some pool real estate, but this has to be the weakest pool of all the larger hotels I have been at.  I was surprised that there seemed to be so much wasted space where they could only put in lounge chairs.  There was also a family pool, blackjack table and a cafe area where you can order food and drinks.**Spa/Gym: Since we were comped, we were able to use the facilities at no charge.  I came down with 5 people to use the gym, and the girl at the front desk immediately gave us the look as if we were trying to sneak in and not pay.  I told her that we had two rooms, and she said that we needed to have all our ID's, and they had to match the room names.  Seriously? We had to go back to our room to grab our ID's?  No thanks mean a** b****, we'll skip it.  Fun to gamble at, but I may be trying a different hotel next time since there are so many choices with the Total Rewards players program.
4	Stayed here awhile back. +1 Mall connected to the hotel+1 walking distance to Cosmo and all the "new" areas+1 clean & classy+1 younger crowd
3	Three stars because the casino is a little small.  Pool area seemed lame.  Miracle mile shops were awesome!  My room was nice sized, definitely book a resort room, but it had old plumbing sounds and also shower had a tough time draining. Had a good view of strip. The shops and location are what makes this casino
1	STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL.Let me start off by saying that this hotel was my favorite place to stay at during my trips to Vegas. I've been coming to this hotel for 3 years now and I never had a problem with anything until this year.I stayed here for EDC weekend from June 20th-24th. My friends and I went out drinking on Saturday night and woke up hungover the next morning. We decided that we needed some soup to feel a bit better before hitting the strip for the day so we ordered some hot water from room service (my friend brought some instant noodles in case we weren't able to get out of bed and make it to the restaurants, and he was right). When we called the line for room service they kept hanging up on us. This went on for about 10 minutes until we decided to call the front desk. When we called the front desk we were on hold for about 20 minutes until we were finally able to get through and order some hot water. The water came after a few minutes and we made our soup. We put the pot of water on the table and went on with our lives for the day. The next morning my friend was thirsty and didn't want to go down to the store so he poured himself a cup of water (from the same pot) and the water was disgustingly yellow. We tried to contact the manager at the front desk but we were told that she was in a meeting and would call us back... We never got a call back after waiting a few hours. So we decided to pack all our belongings and get ready to check out.As we were packing my girlfriend decided to count the money that we set aside for the hotel payment and she realized that she was short $300 dollars. Before anyone starts to think that one of the people staying with us could've taken it, let me clear that up now and say no. We are a very close group of friends that aren't shady like that. So anyway, we tried calling the front desk again and we got the same "I'll have the manager call you when she's done with her meeting" excuse. She never called though. Instead, I had to call and make a claim with hotel security and they had to review  the evidence to see if their hotel would be at fault for any suspicious behavior. This case went on for about two months until I finally received a letter saying that they are not responsible for theft and would not be refunding us back the money. I'm very disappointed with the review for our case because all the evidence lead to housekeeping taking the money. I mean, my girlfriend only left her bag in the room (accidentally) unattended twice and this was during the time that housekeeping would make their rounds. When I go on vacation I like to stay at places where I can kick back, relax and feel at home. I don't get that feeling at planet Hollywood anymore though. I feel like if I were to ever stay there again (which I wouldn't even if this hotel was the last place standing on the strip) I would have to constantly watch my valuables. I don't recommend this place at all. There are better hotels on the strip that are about the same price as this one. The only reason why I think this place deserves one star is for location. It's right in the middle of everything so you won't have to worry about taking a taxi or driving everywhere.
5	Now called Elara. I love this hotel by far. I been to probably all the other popular hotels on the strip and by far the best place to host a Vegas trip with 10+ people. You got to get the two bedroom suites. It's so spacious! Two queen beds, pull out bed, and chairs where you can sleep. It seriously can fit 10+ people comfortably. I love the projector they have and the big speaker we use to blast our music. Location is money as well. Easy cabbing/limo access and close to every popular club. Parking is so close to hotel entrance and is free. I don't like how they strict on hotel keys, but they give out unlimited amounts anyways. Before they were not strict, but now it's one hotel key for a group of 4 people. I will definitely be back and probably booking this place for Halloween!
4	rooms were nice and clean, but maybe they should change out the carpet in the halls. they were rolling up all over the place!I really like the location! close to everything and on the strip
4	Access to our rooms were super easy to get to! Walked in, elevators to the right and off we went. We got the two bedroom suite. The living room area was nice. Had a very modern decor with vintage portraits hanging from the walls. Plenty of seating in the living room area. We even had an air hockey table right in the corner. That became very useful when we were getting ready to paint the town red. The restrooms were large. Separate shower and bath but only one sink. That didn't feel right? Our room had a very great view of the Bellagio fountains, Eiffel tower, that big "paris" ball, a great view of the strip. The only thing I didn't like was that the bed was a little to firm for me. I didn't get to sleep that well because of that.
4	The lobby is placed strange to me what is seemingly to the back and bottom of hotel. The rooms are smaller but decorated modern with pop culture movie and television show memorabilia. The location is very central to the rest of the strip and the casino is decent size where you probably would not lose someone all night in the event you wander away chasing that lucky machine! Great place to stay for those who enjoy lots of television when not in Las Vegas:)
5	Great casino, one of my favorites, staff was okay, dealers were cool, dug the passion pit :)
4	This is a modern hotel casino I would return to for its excellent central strip location, decent modern/posh furnishings, clean well sized rooms, a fun moderate sized casino, pretty good cocktail service, and a decent Hollywood theme. The few hours of low limit single deck Blackjack and slots seemed to pay out a bit more than fairly.  There are Hollywood posters & memorabilia in the rooms, but aside from the modern look & occasional crystal chandelier things and the occasionally skimpy women that serve drinks, it doesn't feel a lot like Hollywood to me - Which I don't care about but is worth noting.  The hotel & casino wifi was fast enough to stream a TV show to my phone with very few hiccups.Only a few quirks we experienced: No wall switch controlled the only 2 lights in the bedroom, as the switches were on the lamps themselves. Calling the front desk Sunday morning at 10:30am resulted in a failed operator transfer and a 7 minute wait before we could ask for a late checkout, which we were granted.  We were not comped an upgrade for our first visit, as they claimed they couldn't because we already selected a room type, but all the staff there were very courteous. My guess is that there were a lot of events in town that weekend (Motley Crue, hockey, car show, etc).
3	Nice Hotel,Nice Staff,the Pool Party is Awesome......
2	We've stayed at Planet Hollywood a few times.  I find the dealers friendly, but I have had issues with play tracking by the bosses.  It's hard (if not impossible) to get proper credit for your casino play if they don't properly track, and it's very annoying.  The rooms vary.  The "resort room" is much larger than the standard room.  It also has a larger bathroom with a separate tub and shower.  Ask for upgrades when you check in, last time I got one during the middle of the week.  Many rooms have a view of the strip, including the Bellagio fountains.  So, check on these as well.  The standard room is just that, standard.  Nothing to write home about.There are good restaurant choices, Strip House and Koi are solid.  Of course the famous Earl of Sandwich is busy 24 hours a day, but they get you in and out quickly.  The attached mall has some solid choices as well, including Lobster ME.  I give the place 2 stars due to gaming issues and the quality of the rooms.  But, you can certainly do worse on the strip. There are good places to eat, and it's in a nice location, so it has that going for it.  If the price is right, I'd stay here again, but it's not among my first few choices.
2	Was here for a conference...and though I don't gamble, the casino floor seemed standard enough.  The location is good, to be sure.  The shopping mall is interesting. The meeting rooms were...well...adequate.The room, though? HORRIBLE!My room was had memorabilia from Val Kilmer's "The Saint." Wow.  Some bad blown up photographs, a Nokia Communicator, and a couple of pocket knives/lock pick sets that Fat Val, himself, might have actually touched!  Not impressed.  It overlooked the rear of the casino/away from the strip, so though I was on the 9th floor, I had a nice view of a rooftop.When I got in the room, I opened the door to access the drawers. Kerchunk.  The hinges were loose and the door hung down at an angle.  Ah, well. I'll call that in.  I'd been traveling for 12 hours and had to use the bathroom.No ventilation in the bathroom...so as I did my business, I did a courtesy flush.  Finished, used some toilet paper to wipe and reached for the toilet handle...ka-klink...ka-klink.  It offered no resistance.  So, now, I'm in a smelly bathroom and I didn't want to have to call maintenance, but after lifting the lid and determining the problem was the fill valve/water supply (and making sure it was on), I had no choice.  They responded quickly, but were unable to effect more than a temporary half-fix. For the rest of my stay, I just had to plan my flushes, as it took very long to refill.Okay...off to get a workout. Where's the gym?  Check the hotel guide...no mention of it.  However, if you read their comprehensive spa book, you'll MAYBE find reference to it and the per use fee.  Seriously?  Okay...I'm in a hotel and I don't like taking elevators, anyway.  Time to find the stairs.  Down from the ninth floor, and it was getting obvious they don't clean their stairwells/check them too often. Trash...beer bottle...condom wrapper...used condom...got down to the third floor and the stair well turned into a corridor.  Down the corridor to find more liquor bottles and an alarmed door at the end...and human feces where somebody squatted and crapped on the wall near the floor.  Nice little pile there.Outta here. Back up a couple of flights to catch the elevator. Got outside for some exercise. Came back. Shower stall...gross. Is that just mismatched grout or is it dirty? Some of both. There was a large crack in the tile and water had seeped through it, loosening the wallpaper near the door.  Looked TERRIBLE. Come on, guys...at least caulk the crack, reattach the paper, and throw a new bead of white caulk on the outside!Insufficient wall outlets and crappy 1970's clock radio made this room unforgettable (unfortunately).   At least the TV worked.Gordon Ramsay's BurGR restaurant made up for it some, at least.
4	Most reasonably priced rooms on the strip with solid amenities. Great casino with dancers above the gaming tables, bikini-clad blackjack dealers poolside, and ridiculous movie crap in each room. After two stays I had the Jurassic Park room, and the As Good As It Gets room, with a photo of Greg Kinnear and a stuffed dog hanging from the wall. It's odd, but overall a good experience. The clubs suck though, lots of hood rat nonsense.
1	This hotel is the worst!!!!Right now it is 11:19 pm, I am here for a convention, so not by choice. I have my wife and 4 year old grand daughter with me. The noise in my room is at a peak of  83 decibels from the concert across at the Cosmopolitan. I paid 185 for a Jr. Suite with a view of the fountains at the Bellagio. No one told us, warned us, or hinted at the noise. Called the desk, no help, no concern, they got there money and that seems to be their only concern.Called the police, not about the pool party but the noise level, we are across the strip, 21 floors up and again a max decibel of 83. Somebody at the county must have well lined pockets to allow this night after night. Shame on you.Stay away, if you expect to get any sleep. This is Tuesday night, was the same on Sunday, quiet Monday. It is getting louder.NAC 484.150 Noise emission standards for operators of vehicles. (NRS 484.6101)1. No person may operate either a motor vehicle or combination of vehicles of a type subject to registration at any time or under any condition of grade, load, acceleration or deceleration in such a manner as to exceed the following noise limit for the category of motor vehicle based on a distance of 50 feet from the center of the lane of travel within the speed limits specified in this subsection:Speed Limit of 35 mph or of Less ..... 86 dBASpeed Limit of More Than 35 mph.... 90 dBAGod forbid I have a loud car!  BUT IT IS OK TO BE JUST ABOUT THAT LOUD IN MY ROOM!Also in Nevada construction standards say the walls of a structure must attenuate the sound at least 20 decibels. So factoring the lowest legal attenuation the noise out side must be at least 103 decibels.So do not drive by the cosmopolitan on a loud bike, or you could get a ticket.I have an idea. To prevent this, get a room at planet Hollywood, bring your bike up, rev it all you want it is OK with the staff and yes, no ticket, actually no one will hear it above the noise in the room.REALLY PLANET HOLLYWOOD YOU SUCK,!!!!!!!!!!! Run away from this one.Nothing you do can offset the bad service and underhanded way you deal with customers!
4	Conveniently located in the middle of the strip.  Self-Parking is about a mile away but the hotel does offer free valet for hotel guests its just that they take a long time to bring your car around.  Gordon Ramsay's BURGR is a treat to have late night and hotel is next to shopping center.
4	I love hanging out at the PH when I'm in Vegas.  It's hip and not stuffy.  It's almost like playing cards while you're at the strip club.  In the evening hours they have beautiful ladies dancing above the casino tables.  They also have 3 card poker that is unique in the sense I don't often see it in other casinos.  You can basically use the dealers hand to make a 5 card poker hand.  I've gotten 4 of a kind a few times and boats.  The dealers are really nice and beautiful.Lost my phone in the building but found it the next day in lost and found.  A couple of hiccups retrieving it but the staff were only doing their job.  Felt fortunate to retrieve it.
3	So, we get to Planet hollywood and decided to self park the car instead of valet. Wrong choice. Parking is all the way in the back of the hotel behind all the shops and another hotel. We had to drag all our luggages through the mile high shops. When we finally got to what we thought was the hotel, nope we were wrong. Apparently half way through the shops, is another hotel called elara Hilton, or something like that, but no where is the name posted. After finding we were at the wrong place, we than dragged all our luggage to the front of the mile high shops, where the casino was located, through the casino and down some stairs to the desk check in. The lady who checked us in was nice, but when we asked about parking because we didn't want to drag everything back upon checking out, she said the only way was valet. Basically. They want you to use their valet or you're screwed.After waiting forever to be checked in, we finally get to our tiny tiny room in which there was supposed to be a view, which we got a partial view out of a window 1/3 a size of any regular Vegas hotel window. The room was so small the bed took up over half the room. It wouldn't have been so bad had the room been spectacular, but you could tell its had better days.The stay was ok. Nothing special. We made sure to valet anytime we took the car out.Not going to completely rule out the hotel, but it won't be a top choice.
3	I share a love and hate relationship with this establishment. Yes cosmetically the hotel appears updated and modern, but the rooms are out of date and have a list of cosmetic flaws and non functioning equipment inside of them. This hotel shares a plethora of culinary locations such as: BurGR and Earl of Sandwich - among the several Starbucks scattered throughout the entire establishment. The nightclub Koi seemed to have a decent line on Saturday and the deejay was decent from what I could hear - mainly EDM blaring. As for the floor, the gambling tables offer the normal selection of game options; however, this location felt the need to constantly ID all of us everytime we sat down. They even denied gaming to a buddy of mine who's ID expired a day before during our weeklong trip - they practically made him out to be a bad person for not having an up-to-date ID but still we were unquestionably served alcohol the entire day. The slot machines are decent, and mostly penny machines with up-to-date features and games.We choose to stay at PH for an evening during our weeks stay and was unpleasantly surprised by our experience. Initially we placed into a "Good Will Hunting" suit on the West Tower facing the back of the Venetian, until we had our privacy impeded on by a "member" of the staff. Without announcement our door opened and a man stared at us as my friends and I were drinking and preparing for the evening. To make matters worse his reply was simply "I am just making sure everything was ok...?" Wait... you do not knock and open a door to do a check on the room and it is unannounced who you are? That experience scared us so much we went to the front desk, checked out of the West Tower and was comped into a mini suite on the Northside facing the strip. The upgraded room shared a handful of cosmetic chips on the furniture and scratches on the walls and particle boards falling off the wall on elevators. Our new tower also included two floors of broken ice machines, and a in-room television that would not turn on but was a decent room to be comped into based on our experience.Regardless of our experiences, I still enjoy the PH just believe that it is a sub-par hotel experience trying to keep up with City Center and the Cosmopolitan. The vibe here is generally younger tourist. 3 Stars.
4	Had a great stay during the month of June. Staff was very friendly the prices were reasonable and the gambling experience was good !!
2	My husband and I were here for a conference. If the room had not been free I would have decided somewhere else to stay. The hotel itself is outdated and the rooms are horrible. Where to start... The carpet in the hallways look dirty and every floor smells of cigarettes. The entry light in our room did not work. The linens were clean but the bathroom was not. The vents in the room and bathroom look like they hadn't been dusted in a really long time. The furniture was old and beat up. It had so many dings and scuffs, it looked like it had been there for 20 years. They charge to use the gym and their spa is expensive and they are "product pushers." No I do not want your 45 dollar loofa! It was my husbands conference but what I did see of the conference rooms were adequate and clean. The place seems to have a lot of conference space available. Internet is not free and expensive. If you must stay here, ask for a room away from the strip, it was quite, I will give them that. Also, check the mound of literature they give you when you're checking in, they slip in a coupon for the spa as well as the buffet but never mentioned it. I didn't see those till after the fact.My main gripe about the place all others aside would be that there is no in room coffee! I need coffee every morning and granted most hotel coffee is bad but at least it's available. Here you must venture downstairs to one of two Starbucks and stand in a line with all the other bazillion morning coffee drinkers. Every single morning this irritated me beyond belief. 50 dollars in coffee later.....
1	The rooms are so gross and dirty.  I got a skin infection from it.  Really needs updating a  good cleaning.  Very outdated.  Difficult to find anything in the hotel (mainly the gym).  Stay elsewhere.
3	Hmmm... This is a tough one.  The facility itself is huge and beautiful.  Great stores in the mall area and very clean.  The rooms are nice, roomy, and super comfy bed.  I give the room and bathroom a 4 for sure.  Now the gaming, sigh.  I mean, I should have known when the casino was dead that the tables and slots were super tight.  Couldn't win a dime over 3 days.  So.  The casino part gets a 2.  Thus, rating of 3.
4	Fabulous and very affordable!
5	Not sure why this casino has just average ratings. This hotel/casino used to be Aladdin many years ago. My friends & I usually try to get rooms at PH 'cause they're reasonably priced/affordable. The rooms are nice as well and we love that the casino is catered toward ppl our age (20's). Each room has a different theme, I can't even keep track of the many themes we've been in. I really like the customer service at this casino as well! You don't get the shitty service at the lower casinos like Circus Circus. We've been here for celebrations such as anniversary and b-days which they've gladly upgraded our rooms for us for free which is a great plus! I remember one time we came for an anniversary and they put us in a room decorated w/ lingerie haha it was cute.The only bad thing about the casino is that if you park in the parking structure, you have to walk through the damn miracle mile shop all the time before you can get into the casino to get your room. I guess it's not so bad 'cause you gotta walk off all that alcohol & food you're gonna have in vegas right? This casino pretty much has great food. I haven't tried the spice market buffet yet, but I remember the buffet from when it was Aladdin and it was good. I have heard great stuff about the spice market buffet, but don't get me wrong it's no Wynn. There are plenty of other selections of food as well, my fav is Gordon Ramsay's Burgr and Earl of Sandwich! Lines are always packed at these restaurants, but it goes by fast.The rooms are kept very clean, never had any issues w/ bed bugs here. Never had any problems w/ stains on the carpet or sheets either :) Rooms are really big for what you pay and the beds/sheets are comfyGUYS: you'll love this casino at night especially at the pleasure pit! Since PH caters toward the younger crowds, the gogo dancing girls and dealers are actually pretty so you get some eye candy while playing unlike other casinos w/ old looking dealers lol. Overall PH has a great atmosphere and is dead center in the middle of the strip so it's convenient when walking around!
3	Modern style with funny lights.Room was clean and nice, but small.Location is not bad and prices are just OK - could be better though. Wifi is not complimentary what a shame! We stayed there many nights, I thought they would be nice and offer us Wifi, but no...I will not return there because I found their service unfriendly in general.Other hotels we stayed at were much nicer. It's not like you have a limited choice of hotels on the strip :-)I did not like their casino's atmosphere. I was freezing there. And too overwhelming in my taste. Girls dancing on pole bars a bit everywhere. Nice if you like it but it was "too much" in my opinion. They could remain a little more classy. Anyways... Nice place to stay but definitely not my fav.
3	I stayed here on a Saturday night for $250 without a strip view. The resort fee is $20/night and checking in before 3pm costs $16. I thought the room was fine but not nice enough to make it worth that price. For $100 less, this hotel would be 4 stars for me. The Hollywood Hip room is just a regular room. It was clean and the beds were comfortable. The bathrooms were also clean and have a shower as well as a bathtub. We ran into no issues during our stay. It is a hassle to walk from the parking garage so you should just valet. The benefit to this hotel is that since the Miracle Mile shops are inside, you have plenty of food choices. It is also probably one of the best prices you are going to get for being central to the strip, but I would rather pay a little bit more for a way nicer room at Aria, Cosmo, or Vdara.
5	Enjoyed a staycation here. Service was great. Valet was full but attendant let me park in valet because we were staying the night. Guest checking was quick and helpful.  We paid extra for a view of the bellagio fountains.  The view was spectacular but you could not here the music, which took away from the enjoyment.  Seems easy for planet Hollywood to have a tv channel playing the music of the fountains.  The room was nicely laid out, bed was comfy, bathroom clean.  Had dinner at Burgr, which was outrageously expensive, but worth it.  Don't go without trying the onion rings and the Oreo shake.During the night a water pipe burst and we had no water in our room.  We were not able to use the toilets or take a shower.  We spoke with management and they kindly refunded us the price of the room. Fantastic customer service.  My only other complaint is being forced to pay a resort fee for services I don't use. It's like being charged a luggage fee by an airline even though I don't have any luggage.Bottom line great hotel and stay!
5	I'm so not a review writer. I read them always but never write them. But nevertheless I felt the need to write this because of all the negative reviews that were out there about this place. I arrived at the Planet Hollywood early Monday morning about 9am Check in took all of about 3minutes of.course there was no line it was 9am (whos out that early in vegas) the girl that checked us in was very nice . What I didn't know was there is an early check in fee for checking In early . I never found out how much it was because the girl said it was waived because of my total rewards.My whole five day stay was completely comped . That's right I got that room for free. The room had a nice  view could actually see the fountains from the bed. The bathroom was also very nice. It had a huge tub and separate shower which was kinda small. (Actually had to leave the shower door open to have some space). Not sure when housekeeping came because I was pretty much out of the room all day. But always came back to a clean and fresh smelling room. Casino was great !!! With lots of slots to choose from.  They also paid out well too. Shout out to the waitress Candace ( I think that's her name) who came around every 15 minutes and kept my glass full.
1	The WORST hotel.We stayed here for Halloween weekend and boy was that a mistake! We booked last minute so it was hard to find good deals on hotels. Luckily, we found Planet Hollywood, which was cheaper than most hotels. I wondered why it was so cheap compared to the rest and I later found out why. We've been to Planet Hollywood, walked around the miracle mile shops and have even stayed at our friends' hotel tower suite. Since we liked what we've seen so far, we thought, "Hey it can't be that bad". Boy was I wrong. When we booked the room, I specifically asked for a non-smoking one king bedroom. They failed to reserve me that room and said all their non-smoking rooms are all booked and that they only had a 2 queen non-smoking room available. I was a little irritated because they gave away my reserved room. Anyways, as soon as we went up the elevator to our floor (8th floor), I knew already that this was going to be a dirty hotel. There was trash on the counter right when we got out the elevator, stained carpet, stained walls, and white powder-like stuff on the floor. I was scared to find out how our room would look. So we finally got to our room and as soon I turned the light switch on, there was a two second pause until the light started flickering. It had a little eerie feel to it like a haunted house. Then I took a closer look at the actual light on the ceiling and the light cover was halfway falling off covered in old dust! I was shocked to see how someone could've missed this. I then walked into the bathroom and turned on both switch (light and ventilator). In no surprise, the vent wasn't working. I took a closer look at the vent and I was DISGUSTED. The vent was concealed in what looked like an avalanche of dust. It was FILTHY! I opened up the shower area and the shower tile floor was old a dirty with dark stained lines in between the tiles. Then I looked up at the wall and noticed pubic hair! Gross! I thought it was a small crack at first, sothen we washed it off with water to check if it was pubic hair or a small crack and sure enough it came off! Grossed out yet? Yep, I was ready to vomit at this point. I then went to the little toilet room, tried to close the door and it wouldn't close all the way. Oh but why, you might ask...the door latch was missing! I looked at the walls and noticed mold growing through the wallpaper...ugh. I was done in the bathroom so I went to the bedroom. The bedroom looked ok. Old movie props displayed as decorations. No mini fridge and a very tiny window overlooking the roof of the parking lot, I believe. Awesome, right? So on to the bed...my boyfriend slept shirtless for the first two days and started noticing small bug bites allover the trunk of his body and his back!! Omg... I don't even want to know what little creatures were crawling on the bed. So after that, he started wearing long sleeved shirts to sleep. We didn't bother trying to get another room because well...we were already so tired and lazy. We didn't want to have to lug all our stuff down the lobby and wait in line just to tell us that they have no other non-smoking rooms available. Whatever. So, it was checkout time. I had my boyfriend call concierge prior, just to check my balance. My balance seemed a bit high so I had them tell me what my charges were. Everything seemed right EXCEPT for the internet charges. Prior to connecting to wi-fi, I called the front desk and asked how to connect to their wi-fi and if it was free. She said, "Yes it's free as long as you pay your resort fee". I asked the concierge why I'm being charged $13.99 three times. She told me it was because I logged in to wi-fi using three different devices. I argued that no one informed me about this so why should I pay for it. She started giving me an attitude and said she'd take one charge away as complimentary. I kept arguing that I'm not going to pay for the two other wi-fi charges and she continued to give me attitude, which got me furious. I got really irritated and started to voice out how sneaky these extra wi-fi charges are. The man at the front desk didn't inform me, the lady on the phone didn't inform me, nor did the little packet that we get upon checking in inform me of this sneaky little additional fee. Additional charges for logging on to different devices is bull****. People, please don't stay in this crappy, sneaky, and dirty hotel. It may be convenient because the shops are just downstairs, but if you're looking for a comfortable, clean and descent hotel, STAY AWAY FROM PLANET HOLLYWOOD. You can bet that we'll NEVER EVER be staying here again.Oh and to prove that I wasn't lying about the room, I took a few pictures. Enjoy!P.S.Just to be clear, we stayed in their regular rooms, (specifically the 8th floor), not the tower suites.
2	Every good thing about our stay was immediately followed by a bad.... The room was big.... And dirty.....The bed was comfortable.....the pillows suck....The room had some nice furnishings.... But was extremely dated.... Ours was a robo cop room....There is wifi in the hotel.... You can only pair one device to it. Each additional device is $14 per device per day....that's ridiculous. Pool area was large with gambling outside, kinda cool.... The pools themselves were small and u have to rent chairs.... No thanks.The price for the room was fair.... Until you check out and they hammer u with resort fees and taxes..... Service throughout the entire hotel was hit and miss...I would recommend spending a little more money and staying somewhere else
3	I stayed at PH for 5 nights in late October 2013 while attending a conference in LV.  When booking, I indicated that I would be arriving late at night and that I would like a non-smoking room.  When I arrived around 11pm to check in, I was informed that there were no more non-smoking rooms because I was so late (umm, I indicated that I would be checking in late and also booked a non-smoking room?)  I told the rep that I have allergies and cannot be in a smoky room and she left me standing there for several minutes while she talked to her manager and then came back and miraculously, a non-smoking room appeared, although a handicapped room.  Besides this annoyance with checking in after a 5.5 hour flight, the experience wasn't so bad.  The room was very spacious, bed was comfortable and the TV was good quality.  My room was kept clean with the towels and toiletries replaced on a daily basis.The gym was a bit of a disappointment.  The spa area itself is lovely, beautifully decorated with extras like lemon water, coffee, tea, fruit and juices.  However the gym equipment is outdated and on its last legs.  Two ellipticals that I tried made loud noises and were wobbly.  The stair climber shorted in the middle of my workout.  The exercise ball was sad an deflated.  The gym did serve it's purpose, but definitely not worth the $25 a day.  The best part of this hotel is the Starbucks right by the exit- great for grabbing a quick coffee and breakfast before heading out for the day.  I also enjoyed Yolos and Planet Dailies (see separate reviews).
2	I'm not sure how old the hotel is, but it seems dated. The carpet in the hallway is wrinkled, there wasn't any grout around the bath spout.  I waited in line 25 minutes to check in. The price was reasonable.
1	My boyfriend and I usually stay at the Cosmopolitan, but since we were meeting friends in Vegas who were staying at PH, we decided to stay there as well. I was hesitant, but the rates were much cheaper, so I thought "why not?!?"Now I'll tell you why that was a mistake:We arrived a few hours before check-in, but we assumed we could check in early because we always do at the Cosmo. Right here I quickly learned that PH is nothing like the Cosmo. The man checking us in informed us that it would be an $18.60 charge and kept trying to convince us to stay in a room with a better view for $20 more a night. We decided to stay in the room we booked, which turned out to be a total dump! The room itself was on a "non-smoking floor." I put that in quotes because the entire floor smelled like smoke for the 3 nights that we were there. Clearly no one enforced this "rule." By the time I left, I had a sore throat and a headache from all of the smoke.When we got into the room I thought "this looks familiar!" The reason it looked familiar was because I had stayed in the same room 12 years ago when it was the Aladdin. Not much had changed in 12 years. The decor was not very "Hollywood" at all. (I know Hollywood, I lived there for over 10 years...) The faucets even still have the genie lamps on them! The "Miracle Mile" mall looks like the Middle East (again, the Aladdin decor has not changed there either.)Our friends had a huge suite with an amazing view, but unfortunately the view was the only high point. The room felt old as well; definitely not worth the price of a suite.This hotel needs a major upgrade and remodel. Hopefully Britney's upcoming shows will bring in enough cash to allow them to do so. The one thing I learned from our trip: just spend the extra money and stay at the Cosmo. It's clean and modern and the staff treats you like royalty.And don't even get me started on the $20 per night resort fee! It's ridiculous that we had to pay that since we weren't using the gym or the internet. The final price with the extra fees would have allowed us to stay somewhere much more upscale. Wish I had known that. Total disappointment!One final note: we had to cut and design our own "Do not disturb" sign because they didn't give us one. Is paper that expensive these days? I should not have to do graphic design work while on vacation, especially when I'm not getting paid for it!!!
1	Really very disappointing experience.  I got to the hotel at noon. They wanted $28 extra to check in before 3pm.  I refused, so I walked around the mall for a few hours then came back to check in.  No big deal, rules are rules.The casino doesn't look like anything Hollywood.  It looks more like an abandoned set from a Beck video.  Leftover 70s glam, with the gold and rounded rectangles.  They only offer free internet for only one device.  So I can use Wi-Fi on my laptop, but not on my phone or iPad.  Even McDonalds has free WiFi, I don't know why a big fancy hotel wouldn't.They don't have any premium channels on TV.  Just Spike and Comedy Central.  This is Vegas, so you shouldn't be watching TV anyway, but I'm here on business so I am not going to be out partying.  I've stayed in dicey-ass weird motels in New Mexico that had better cable than Planet Hollywood.But all of that was fine.  Cheap room, crappy amenities, right?  Well....As I walked up to my room, the cleaning ladies were still in the hallway.  There was an empty 12 pack box of Pabst sitting in front of my door.  Nice, huh?  A sign of things to come.Both the sheets and the comforter were stained.  There were huge 4" long orange dog hairs all over the room including on top of the comforter, and there was a weird Velcro mustache or something rolled up and thrown in the corner.  When I called to ask for new bedding, I got some attitude, and a comment that if there are extra people staying in the room they're going to charge me extra.  Nope, just me.  I didn't want EXTRA blankets, just CLEAN ones.  Just one person who doesn't want to sleep on top of someone else's stains and dog hair.  I've stayed at some really gross dive motels that were cleaner than this dump.  Pick a different hotel.  Do yourself a favor.
3	They have a great shopping center. However, the parking garage is quite far and really not convenient if you need to get to your car for something. I do like the shops and all the restaurants they have here especially Earls Sandwiches which are the best sandwiches ever. They have a thundering water show in the mall and it sucks, don't wait for it.
4	The night of my birthday me and my whole family was trying to find a room at the strip with the view of the Bellagio Fountains and Bellagio had sold out rooms so we decided to check here. We parked at the garage for the Miracle Mile shops, btw don't park there valet your car instead bcuz it took us a while to find where the lobby was! Anyways the room was just a regular room but with a fountain view that was gorgeous!
5	I really enjoyed this hotel. I've stayed at several others and this one is pretty nice. The bathrooms are super spacious which is a big must for me when getting ready. A modern feel. It was nice and quiet. Liked that the mile of shops is right there. You have a lot of choices to eat from. You're smack dab in the middle of the strip. The staff are very helpful.
3	PH was okay, I came here for a 3 day conference. Pros: Neat and tidy pretty clean  right next to everything in the strip.Cons: smells like smoke, ( I have asthma).Overall it was an ok experience.
4	Love the atmosphere. One of my favorite hotels in Vegas.
1	This was my favorite casino in Vegas. I spent thousands of dollars every time I stayed there. Last visit I literally lost my shirt. When I checked out, I forgot to check the closet. 30 minutes after I left the hotel, I remembered it and called the front desk. I told them that I am a diamond club member and I forgot my shirt in the closet. They took my information and told me they were going to contact the house keeping people and called me back. After 2 days not hearing from them I called them and I was transferred to the "Lost and Found" Dept. I was shocked and angry when they told me that "It's your words against the house keeping people who cleaned the room". Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat.??? How would you like to hear that.  Today I received a letter  from their third party insurance co. CCMSI stating that P/H is not liable. I think PH should apologize for it. I spent thousands of dollars each year to keep my "Diamond" status in the casino. Just because a customer forgot something in the room does not mean that their employees can keep it. It says a lot about PH and that the housekeeping employees have no ethical conduct and cannot be trusted.Happened to me a few years ago when I was in MGM property. You know what they did? They sent all my stuff back to my house by priority mail.All I am saying is be careful leaving things around in the room.
3	We stayed here specifically for the view -- We had a "fountain view" room so we could see the Bellagio, it was great. We could see the Eiffel Tower from our bed. This was the biggest plus of our stay. We were happy with the room except that the bathroom doesn't have a fan. Also the safe didn't work even after requesting a fix (we have no idea if it was broken or what, they didn't leave a message or offer an alternative).  Also the tv controls were funky-- couldn't use the remote to turn it on..and the volume went to full blast and it reset to some channel each time it got turned on. So immediately had to hit the volume down button, which then went completely to zero. Ok, so turn it up now. LoL No channel guide, so flip through at least a half dozen casino channels before you can find a real tv station. Oh and the sleep timer button doesn't work. We stayed in cheaper places with much better TVs than this. Geez!We didn't get much info when checking in, which is bad service. The clerk scribbled "north" next to my room number which I didn't notice until after proceeding to the South Elevator. Then we had to search for the North ones, which are harder to find (especially on the casino level). We could see a pool from our room but never saw a soul, so we assumed it was closed?? We also would have liked to know that we could get restaurant discounts with the Total Rewards card. Usually those cards are hotel specific for points, and not worth signing up for since I'm not a frequent visitor. But we could have saved money dining there for 3 days. Didn't realize that until the end of day 2, kind of too late. The self park was hard to find and a loooooong walk through the Mile Shops. We were glad to be staying near a mall though. We didn't have to drive anywhere if we needed something, Walgreens came in very handy. All in all, we don't regret staying here. The view was worth it and was #1 on our list of priorities. But we think we could have had an overall better experience across the street at the Cosmo.
5	We had a fabulous first time staying at PH in the heart of The Strip! Awesome, convenient location. We scored a great deal via my iPhone app "Hotel Tonight" and had an excellent check-in experience with Marilyn who dialed us in with a room on the 35th floor overlooking the Bellagio, with stunning views of Vegas, and the Bellagio water fountain show from our room. The hotel is very cool and contemporary, clean, beautifully decorated, king bed, 5 piece marble bathroom with a gorgeous tub. Part of the Caesars Entertainment group, we also got the $49.99 24 hour buffet pass valid at 5 hotel buffets including PH, Caesars, Paris, Rio and Harrahs. Free wifi in room a bonus as many hotels charge extra for this but beware it is for one device only! Would definitely recommend and stay here again. The location, standard and style are outstanding value for money.
4	I've been here before, I'm staying here again next week.  I thought the rooms last time, 3 years ago I think,  were fine, we LOVED the tub and spent most of our week in it.  Casino was crazy loud (I'm over 50, a very young 53) but fun hey it's Vegas The smoke alarm went off one morning  around 3 am. Every few minutes sooooo annoying.  Called the front desk and told them...I eventually got up on the desk and pulled out the battery myself.  The week we were there they never replaced it. But that tub!  I love the tub.  I am hoping to get an upgrade this time for a room so I can take a bath  with a beautiful view!  How do we do that? I'll be there again Monday I cannot wait Hey...it's Vegas.  It's a very nice hotel!  Central, clean, staff is nice. Although my key demagnetized three times last time... my plan is to keep it away from my phone I need this vacation I can't wait see you next week!!!!
4	Not modern but classic hotelHavent been to other hotels but i think its pretty decent :)
5	Planet Hollywood is my favorite hotel that I have stayed at in Las Vegas (for context I have stayed at Treasure Island, Harrah's and Hotel Vdara). If you join their players club they will give you rewards based on your play. My family has received hotel comps including free nights and free buffet! What I like about the Planet Hollywood is the convenient location in the middle of the strip and the proximity of the Miracle Mile right below the hotel. If you need groceries or toiletries you can pop down to the ABC store and there are two located right downstairs! Not to mention a huge variety of stores and restaurants to choose from! I also like Planet Hollywood because each room has a movie theme including movie posters and film memorabilia. The beds are always soft with clean linens and the bathrooms are huge!! If you ask you can get a room with a view of the Bellagio water fountains :). I also have to say that the hotel staff are incredible. One year my mom got sick and they went above and beyond by sending their staff to escort her to the nearest clinic. Every time I come back to the Planet Hollywood I feel perfectly at home.
4	My wife and I usually stay at PH when we visit Vegas.  The location is excellent with access to the entire strip within walking distance.  If you rent a vehicle, accessing the valet or parking garage is very convenient.  The rooms are comfortable and casino is always alive.  There are several good restaurants (Earl's and Gordon Ramsay's BurGR) and of course Starbucks has more than one location inside.  Staff is always friendly and accommodating.
1	If you don't want to pay for Valet or the valet is full - have fun walking a mile from your car into the hotel to check in, and hope you don't forget something in your car because you have to hike all the way back and then back again.  It's layout is horrid, it is just the essence of excessive property size and forced marketing making you walk by all the shops just to check in and then leave or any time you want to take your car out again.  NEVER AGAIN. Oh wait - there's more - you pay for internet use PER device - not for the room - bring a portable router to get around that.
5	Okay so here I am sitting in my gorgeous room overlooking the pool and the lights of Aria and Cosmopolitan.  The room is huge!  Two windows I don't sleep very late because I love to just look out my windows. It's clean, the bed is very comfortable and can I say that the mirror in the hallway makes me look 20 lbs lighter and 20 years younger!  The staff is excellent!  Friendly and accommodating.  And I see...or hear they toned down that loud music in the casino.  Thank goodness last time here my ears were bleeding.  I love it here why stay anywhere else?  We went to Aria today and hey, though it's beautiful and smells delicious, the casino is sucky I swear they pipe in crowd noise with the vanilla essence. The casino was empty and I can see why. Hubby put a hundred in a new quarter slot machine, bet his max and the bet was $90!!!!!! I miss the days of the one armed bandit. My only complaint is that I wish they had one of those mirrors in the bathroom for applying makeup.  My eyebrows have been crazy all week.  I really don't understand the negative reviews at all.  But to each his own I guess.  I love it here.Good job PH can't wait to come back.
4	Perfect locationSassy, sexy dealers.Pools are weak - very small.Room was a bit run down with a small window, but beds were pretty comfy. Our movie theme sucked - Shadow Conspiracy, never even heard of that. A generic button down shirt is enclosed behind glass.Miracle mile offers an ABC store right outside the casino, and lots of other bars, shops, etc.Overall a great place to stay if you want to save on hotel costs.
4	Nice Casino and we found the staff to be really good.  We stayed here years ago and it was good but today's review is simply for the casino section.
2	Lets just say that I am mirroring other reviews, but what the hell!!For starters, my wife and I are frequent travelers to Vegas and have stayed in a multitude of rooms/suites. This has to be one of the oddest rooms that we have ever staying in. First of all, No Room Bar.... What, it's Vegas. 2nd, there was the oddly place television, I know that we don't go to Vegas for the room, but with the bed facing one way and the TV on the opposite right wall, thanks for the neck ache. Room was pretty out dated and furniture needs a little work. The shower had almost "zero" pressure as well as the room always felt dirty. Here's the odd one, only (2) lamps worked in the room and one had to be turned off by using towel to unscrew the lightbulb...WTF???? The Casino is fun, staff is friendly and actually can have a conversation, but the Casino is Small in compared to others. I really don't understand the layout of the restaurants as they seem to be hidden around corners. You'll be walking along and all of a sudden... up pops a restaurant.... Didn't partake in any of their restaurants as they seem wildly out of the way and menu's were not that appealing.I would again like to say that the Staff was excellent and somewhat helpful, but the rooms were a complete disaster. I also agree with the earlier post on the $25 a day fee for one item use of the wifi and gym use... Very odd... We won't stay again, but we will always stay at the sister casino. Caesars!!!!One final thought... Parents, take your kids to Disney, NOT VEGAS... So annoying seeing all the children either hanging out on the sides waiting for mom and dad to drop their college fund or getting run into by a stroller...Really, a stroller!!!!
3	I would call this place a modern Vegas average hotel & casino. It looks really nice and modern, but when you look at everything closely you can tell it's been re-done from a old hotel. The bathrooms and the elevators give it all up. Their customer service is not the best either. I requested a strip view on a Tuesday they said they didn't have any available. Than a manager got it done. I would stay here again, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
3	It alright. I stayed here for one night this past weekend. My friends decided to stay an extra night since they won hella money apparently and booked a suite for our group. ( I am getting too old for these yolo's) Anyways when they told me they booked a suite I was expecting a nice ass clean open air, floor to ceiling windows type thing. But instead this one was decorated to look more oldschool darker, older furniture. There was a pool table inside though! which we used as a bed. LOL. Nice thing was that there were two bathrooms. For 8 girls this is a plus. But overall the living room area isn't really my type of hotel room that I like to stay in. The decor was dark so I felt like it was a little dirty? But I realize that its an older hotel so its not the modern type like vdara or elara. The location is super convenient. Close to earls, pinks hotdogs, fat tuesdays, cosmo (marquee) Overall I would be back but maybe stay in a different room. Love my friends for yolo-ing and paying for everything though!
4	great tip i found by accident. book your room through www.easyclicktravel.com and you wont pay a resort fee of $20 per night.  I'm not sure if it works for other hotels as well.  the hotel is great location, great bathtub, comfy bed, good or great view of the strip depending on your room.  only downside is walls are thin. you can hear the next room so gotta keep the TV. turned up.
3	UPDATE: I stayed here again, the gaming floor is still good, my room was much better although still could use an update.  Caesars Entertainment is such an A quality place that I think this could be upgraded to not target the low end.
3	I had to book rooms for a large, multi-generational group for a recent Vegas excursion and we ended up at PH with $55/night rooms. Not too shabby. I went in expecting the fabulousness that was depicted in the Ashton Kutcher/Cameron Diaz overacting-but-i-loved-it-anyway-fest "What Happens in Vegas..." and well, let's just say it was a bit of a letdown.The rooms were OK, and granted I've been to Vegas enough times to know that the base room isn't exactly luxurious. For me though, my issues were pretty basic hotel service based. For instance -- toilet makes a loud clunking/shuddering noise after every third time it is flushed. In one of our rooms, the shower - which had fab water pressure - required the mechanic to come up and turn it off. One blowdryer blew the bathroom fuse (which gratefully we were able to fix after a quick confab with maintenance), and the pillows were rock hard. The whole room (Judge Dredd-themed) felt like it needed a good scrub and repaint.Also, so much of the hotel is taken up by the Miracle Mile shops, the onsite amenities seemed a little lacking. It's also a real haul through the shops from self parking to check in, so definitely deposit someone with your bags before you go stash your vehicle.In all, it's A-OK. In Vegas you get what you pay for, so maybe next time I'll pay a little more.
4	This is my husband's favorite hotel in Vegas and I must admit it is really nice. We upgrade to a larger, nicer suite and were amazed. The selection of retail stores at this hotel is nice also. My only complaint was that whatever detergent they used to wash their sheets and towels made me break out in hives over my body. At first I thought it was something I ate, but I noticed my face break out almost immediately after wiping my face with one of the washcloths. If we stay there again, I will inquire about hypo-allergenic detergent alternatives. Otherwise, I wont be able to stay again =/
1	I'm not sure what Planet Hollywood was thinking when they changed the name from Aladdin.  Around the hallways and guest rooms, the decor is still very much Aladdin themed from the carpets to the wallpaper.  The only real difference is the addition of a hollywood movie or character in each room.  We had the Steven Seagal room, and Steven Seagal's long underwear hanging in a case on the wall is not exactly impressive or spectacular.This hotel is NOT family friendly.  Two words "Pleasure Pit."  Glad I didn't bring my daughter.  I get it, scantily clad girls dressed in lingerie dancing on tables next to the blackjack tables, distract the card players or keep them at the tables to part with more $$.About the room itself.  It did have a decent view of the Paris hotel and related Eiffel Tower and Paris balloon as well as the Bellagio fountains but that's where anything good about it ends. The carpets were so dirty, all of my white socks were turned black on the bottom from walking around the room.  Housekeeping was quite inconsistent in replacing our glassware.  The grout in the shower was disgusting, the wallpaper in the room was peeling off the wall, the sink was cracked and to top it off, dirty laundry from a previous guest was still on the floor next to one of the chairs in the room - which leads me back to the inconsistent housekeeping and very dirty carpets.  Btw, that dirty laundry was still there when we left Vegas several days later.  The switch on one of the lamps did not work properly, it was loose and had to be pushed on to get it to turn and actually work.  One of the floor switches was either inoperative, or the light it was attached to didn't work.  Room amenities were lacking.  This is probably the first time in at least 15 years or more I've stayed in a room that didn't have so much as a coffee maker in the room.  No coffee maker, no microwave and no mini fridge.  I guess Holiday Inn does have one up on ph.Ice machines - for the majority of our stay, the ice machine on our floor did not work, nor did the ice machine on the floor above us.  My bride & I had to spend a significant amount of time finding a working ice machine on another floor.  The one on our floor was finally working on the last night of our stay.Not sure when the casinos in Vegas stopped accepting coins in the slot machines.  My bride & I had planned on playing the quarter slots, so we brought some rolls of quarters with us... but the quarter slots only take cards or dollar bills now.  Sorry, ph, we went home with our gambling $$.Parking is not readily apparent or visible upon coming up to the hotel.  We did eventually find it, but the hotel parking is actually a 1/2 mile walk through the miracle mile shops to get to a public parking garage.  One is free to use the valet, and the hotel claims it is free, but keep in mind, be prepared to tip.  Not only was parking hard to find, so was hotel registration.  It took us about 20 minutes to finally find the desk to check in.  We were about 4th in line, and there were at least 3 people working the check in counter... it took us 1/2 hour to even get up to the desk.  Not sure why the lack of efficiency.Stimulus overload.  Party and club atmosphere 24/7 - how about a little down time, give my senses a rest.  I don't need club music every time I get in an elevator.Smoking is still allowed in the hotels here, and let me tell you, as an ex smoker, I cannot stand the smell of an ash tray, much less smelling like an ash tray after I've walked through the casino.  what gets me is when I ask for a non-smoking room, and the floor is clearly marked non-smoking, there are still ashtrays in the hallways on that floor and it still smells like an ashtray.For a "4-star" hotel, I have a hard time even giving Planet Hollywood "1-star"
3	I stayed here for my b day. when we arrived we where offered an upgrade of 50$ add a night I sd ok why not it's my bday. The room was ok. I stayed in the resort room. the bathroom was the highlight of the room. It had a lot of lighting and two sinks w a great tub. The room was extremely dim with only one light. The mirror was behind the TV. Decent size. the lighting just really bothered me. nice view of the Cosmo and Aria.
5	Great place, fabulous rooms, great view of the strip, right one soaking in a huge tub. Here for a company meeting.
4	This place rocks!!! Conveniently located right in the center of the strip, The location is perfect.  I think its the best Casino on the strip so far. The building is very imposing and It offers a lot of high end stores & eateries..dubbed the Miracle High Shopping Mall, it is attached to the hotel.  It has everything you can imagine...and carry much anything you need...It stands across the street from Bellagio Conservatory & Fountains.The hotel provides Pedicar driver to & from the Hile High daily.  There was a wide selections of Bars & Restaurants..On site restaurants, P.F. Chang's & the Spice Market Buffet featuring Mexican, Italian, Asian, Middle Eastern & American Cuisines...we ended up at P.F. Chang's & had the absolute perfect Chinese dinner. they have a 4 Course Prix Fixe Menu for $39.95 . Egg Drop Soup. Crab Wontons, Oolong Marinated Chilean Sea Bass,  Chang's Spicy Chicken & Red Velvet Sweet Treat. It was a nice way to end the evening...Would I came back...Absolutely!!!
1	Just got riped off by the hotel. When I made the reservation I was told  that the pet cost additional 50 dollars per night per day,  by the shift manager. When I checking around late night they charged me 100 additional in total. Since it was too late in the night and tired, I decided to let them rip me off. Even the manager is not liable what next. Be cautioned when made reservation.  Will never stay again
1	For the amount of money that goes to this hotel and casino, you'd think that they would be proficient in finding you an answer. I called the box office to answer questions I had on tickets for a show. They stated the box office opens at 10am. I drive down there through traffic. Get there just to find out they don't open til 12pm. Wait til 12pm in line. Then they tell me the specific box office opens at 2pm. Just a complete waste of time. Dread wasting money in this establishment or any other Caesars Entertainment group property. Very disappointing.
3	If there were half-zies I'll give this hotel a 3.5.The room was clean, spacious.  King size bed was caving in a bit, the toilet was making a God-awful sound each time you flushed and the TV was buzzing every now and then too.  They gave us a room that didn't have a view at all, I mean it was overlooking a wall for goodness sake!  If it's not the strip then at least you usually get the other side of Vegas overlooking the city.  We didn't complain or switch the room because we weren't given the option so we manned up and it was all good.The staff was friendly, room service breakfast was good.
4	Came here with a 24 hour buffet pass. Overall it was a good buffet. Can't say much for the hotel or the casino as I didn't partake in that aspect of the business. The buffet had your standard selection of various food and dessert options. Everything tasted satisfactory. I would say the bonus was that the server we had was very generous and gave us two complimentary bottles of champagne when he found out it was my friends birthday.
4	In order for me to give more than 3 stars to a casino, it must be perfectly located, have a great casino, have some cheap tables, have at least one restaurant that I always must come to, have a great show, have great rooms, and have great shopping.  So this place delivers.  Maybe not for all of the above, but a lot of them.  The Miracle Mile shops are not visually exciting or high end like Caesars Forum or Grand Canal Shoppes, but it it large with affordable stores.  Plus, it has 2 ABC stores.  Wonderful.  Casino is fun, large but can be a little loud.  It seems to cater to the younger generation.  Valet parking is among the worst, so you may want to park your own car.  Location is good with the Cosmopolitan, Aria and Bellagio across the street and Paris next door.  Plenty of restaurants, good to expensive, but not really memorable.  They could do better with a marque show, which they really don't have.  I would like to stay here, but the prices are higher than the other casinos.  I seen their rooms and thought they were nice.  I always find myself coming back to this casino.  So will you.
4	Planet Hollywood is perfectly situated in the middle of the strip. Just a bridge away from Cosmo if you want to walk over to Marquee. They house Earl of Sandwich, which is the perfect quick/ inexpensive meal for the weekend. The hotel entrance is actually kinda confusing to find from the casino floor.. nothing is too distinctive, but yea, if you can find the big chandelier ball thing that hangs lower than the other ones.. that's where you need to go. I can't remember if the $20 upgrade trick worked here.. I think I might have chickened out, so maybe I didn't even try? Anyway, the room was nice enough, nothing really special. 2 Queen beds, a big enough bathroom for a bunch of girls to get ready. Def recommend for its location and price!
1	Location is good but that was about it. Price is comparable to other lower mid-end hotels on the strip.The bad: the room is old, not enough light, don't even have a coffee machine for us to boil water. Hot water in the shower takes forever to heat up. One of the cabinet doors fell apart right after we checked in and started to inspect the room.The ugly: we asked for repair to the door and explicitly told them we would not be around the whole day so please came by to fix it. NO ONE came when we got back @ 11pm. And we found out there was no housekeeping done as well! Called and complained and after 20 min no one showed up, we called once more and they came to cleaned the garbage and gave us new towels, etc. after another 10 min. Also there are $20 resort fee which I had no ideas about. The hotel lady just said oh there should be some notes about additional fees needed ... and she called that a mandatory fee which includes local calling (who needs this nowadays when we all have mobile phones?) and wireless internet for ONE device ... ONE device only!!
4	Good: Great location in the middle of the strip. Next to Paris, across from Bellagio, etc. Great shopping in the Miracle Miles to suit different budgets. Good view even if you aren't facing the strip.Big bathroom tub (for the kids) and standalone shower.Bad: Since we didn't valet, we had to drag our luggage from the parking structure thru the Miracle Mile shopping center. Not sure how other patrons do it since I didn't see anyone else drag their luggage thru the shopping center. I know the registration lobby is in the first floor but we self-park (instead of valet-drop off) which are opposites of each other.
3	I've stayed here on two separate occasions.. although the decor and furnishings are very modern the quality of this place is something to consider before staying herePrice - good, fairly low compared to many other hotels on the strip. Convenience - They've got a mall located same level as the casino and very convenient access to the strip. Earl's of Sandwich located in the casino, adjacent to strip entrance. Here's the thing about PH that would deter me from getting a room here:Rooms have very thin walls.. you can basically hear people walking through the hallway late at night/early morningsCleanliness of the bathroom is questionable.. one of our showers had black gunk on the shower head. I could see some mold forming on the tiles in the shower and there was a black spot on the floor in the bathroom.. lipstick on our bath tubSomething was up with our room and sheets when I stayed there.. I had chronic allergic reaction to the linens Considering the price and location of this hotel, I'd recommend if you're not going to be spending too much time in the roomWould recommend 7/10
2	I have stayed here in the past, i guess in its glory days but it has gone down hill fast.  Literally the handles in our bathrooms would come off.  Instead of worrying about charging a $20 resort fee daily so I can make local phone calls, they should provide a room where I can take a bath.  The hotel is fun like Hard Rock but like Hard Rock, its dirty and used hard.  The mall is nice and variety of places to eat.  But with  Cosmo across the street, I should have stayed there.  As u wait in the long line just to check in, once you get to talk to a person they just want to upsale you to another shitty room like used car sales man.  NOT IMPRESSED.  I will never stay here again.
3	Stayed the night of 12/5 after it took us more than 30 minutes to drive here from Harrahs.  The valet guys were super friendly, and the girl that checked us in in the diamond check-in was great but the girl that stood next to her was very rude.  The beds in the room were comfy but the decor was weird and didn't mesh well.  While playing, I had ordered a drink from Christi (not sure how spelled, but white, glasses, thin, super curly hair). After 37 minutes I went looking for her and she had the nerve to tell me that she had been looking for me ( I hadn't moved at all since ordering the drink) and had brought the wrong drink and tried to tell me that that was what I had ordered.Then went to the other side of the casino and was approached by Sandy? and told her what happened when she asked if I wanted a drink, hers was brought to me within 3 minutes, AND she had other drinks too!  She is the reason for the 3 stars.There was also a slot attendant (Tony) that was very rude and dismissive.  I don't get why Planet feels the need to be so snobby and uppity with rude employees, yeah it works for the kids that don't spend a lot but won't work for people who actually play.
1	Do NOT eat here my husband got food poisoning.My husband went to ceasar's and had lunch at Plant Hollywood he ordered a turkey sandwich with fries sounds harmless, well later that day he got the worst case of food poisoning that landed him at the ER.
1	The only thing this place has going for them is the Britney show. Best show I've ever seen. Would come again for the show but not to stay at this hotel. I've never witnessed so much incompetence and straight lack of brain cells in one vicinity ever. Would not stay here again. Going to stay at Paris next door next time as it is convenient and very close walking to the Britney show and most likely are more technologically advanced to have an mp3 connection in the room. I hope I remember where I valet because driving to this hotel is confusing as f#%k.! Giving one star because it won't let me hit the next key to proceed and enlighten the world about this recent hotel experience.
1	Reviewing just the hotel rooms.  What they have going for them is the Miracle Mile, Earl of Sandwich, BurGR, and location.I've been spoiled by the likes of Vdara and Cosmo, and am staying here because I got a great package deal on Southwest. Knowing how cheap I got it, I was fine with the idea that PH is not going to be as nice. However, I wasn't prepared at how filthy it would be!Resort Room #1: I was disappointed at how yellow, dark and dingy the room is. The lights are very dim. Hand prints all over the windows. Remote didn't work. The "Hollywood" relics looked like it was just randomly placed in the room. I asked to be moved to a different room.Resort Room #2: It didn't get any better.- Unidentifiable and suspicious stains on the window. It was evident that the efforts made to clean the windows were half-assed (like wiping it once and leaving half of a handprint still visible with streaks).- As I was taking a bath, I noticed something green floating around me. Looks like an old sponge from the previous guest. Ew.- Black, mold-like substance around the bathtub drain.- scuff marks and chipped paint on the dressers and bathroom sinks. Please train your housekeepers to be more thorough with their cleaning. I would have been way happier to have a late check-in into a clean room.Also, the parking lot is the same as the Miracle Mile Shops which is a big trek to get to your rooms.Conclusion: Dirty rooms. Would not touch with a 10ft pole. "Hollywood theme" is an exaggeration.  It's a shame because they have prime location, a mall, and great restaurants.
4	First time staying at The Planet last weekend. Rooms were nice but unspectacular, staff was super friendly and check-in and checkout were a breeze. They set us up with a $50 food credit, which we used at Planet Dailies. Since it's Planet Hollywood, there's movie memorabilia in the rooms. We had the Wayne's World room, which earned the place major brownie points in my book!I've always liked PH's casino, though I didn't win any money this time, sadly enough. Good prices on the rooms, I'd stay there again. It's Vegas... how much time are you spending in the room anyway?
3	My 5th time to Vegas and first time staying at Planet Hollywood. It's a great deal for being in the middle of the strip but the walls are thin and the bathroom vents are connected so you can hear conversations. That was the most negative part of the stay. Maybe if you upgrade to a better room you won't hear your neighbors. Miracle mile shops are convenient and surprisingly not overpriced! Clean room, nice staff, but our room had a lame Speed 2 theme. No luck there! Stay here for an average price and average experience.
2	Decent place, not my favorite casino. The rooms are nice, though not very clean. We had food stuck to our ceiling. Additionally you are charged a resort fee for things they know you won't use. Who uses the gym in Vegas? They only allow wifi connections in room for one device. Not worth the ridiculous resort fee per night.
4	Casino - 4 starsVegas casinos always have some ingenious ways to get you to stay and gamble, further parting you from your hard earned money.  They ply you with free alcohol (albeit rather weak), lavish buffets, headliner shows, and if you are degenerate enough - free rooms.  Planet Hollywood Casino takes this to another level.  What better way to distract you from your concentration at the blackjack table than by situating scantily clad go-go dancers right in front of you.  I don't even want to think of how many hands I effed up because of them.  I was like a kid with ADHD who had just emptied his last bottle of Ritalin.  On top of that, many of the dealers are attractive women dressed in lingerie.  I might as well just donate my money into a drop box. There aren't a whole lot of gaming tables here, but who is complaining when you have go - go dancers. Slots and video poker are found throughout in relatively smaller amount.  The games seem to be some of the older ones. But the odds on these seem fairly good as I came up on them.Hotel - 3 starsThere are 2 very interesting things about the standard rooms here.  One is that each room is a movie theme.  Mine was Independence Day.  They have some piece of memorabilia in the room for that movie.  Ours was a skirt that some lady wore...we could not turn off the light illuminating it and I would wake up in the middle of the night with a lit up khaki skirt staring me in the face.  The other is that there is no main light switch that controls the lights in the room.  So I found myself going to each and every lamp to turn them off.  Big plus is the tub in the bathroom is large.  But the ghetto factor comes in when some of the toiletries they give you have the Paris Hotel label on them.But with Gordon Ramsey Burgr, the Miracle Mile Shops, Pink's and the Earl of Sandwich, PH makes for a decently valued stay that is solidly middle class and won't break your bank.
3	The Good:- GREAT location, in between the City Center (Cosmo, Aria) and Paris, adjacent from Bellagio fountains- EARL OF SANDWICH; recently discovered my love for their tuna melts. - GYM/SPA: If you're staying long enough in Vegas and want to get gym/spa time in, bring a bathing suit because there is a free jacuzzi & dry/steam sauna in the gym area (2 free pass limit per room a day, $25/pp after that).Kinda cool:- All the rooms have different movie themes, including props from movie sets. We stayed in the "Eraser"-themed roomThe MEH:- Beds were slightly uncomfortable and the casino & rooms (also factoring in the dry climate + smokers) had very stale, dry air. All my friends agreed.Meeting Mr. Schwarzenegger at the Planet Hollywood gym.. PRICELESShttp://instagram.com/p/ipexczAyMV/Shouts to weekend roomies JY & Young Rich
4	A great hotel and casino with lots of action. Very upbeat, great variety of places to eat and shop. Great gambling, friendly staff, awesome pool! I really love staying here due to the location and the overall excitement of PH!
4	I've stayed here twice and I liked it both times. It is very clean and quiet, not as luxe as some of the other hotels, but nice enough. It has a much cooler feel than Treasure Island. The location is amazing, and you can get your fabulosity fix right across the street at Cosmo/Bellagio/Aria. I booked several rooms here for CES and found their phone booking agent to be super pleasant, and when we checked in, the desk agent was accomodating and patient. The person who checked us out must have been new or tired (it was 5am and there was a long line of several people checking out). We were charged for internet access even though it was included in the resort fee. He did take it off, but only after it was pointed out.Regarding the resort fee, they are standard operating procedure for Vegas hotels. Ceasar's properties used to advertise that they didn't have a fee, but those days are over. I just see it as a very high internet-access fee. The two Starbucks locations were great, Earl's of Sandwich was the perfect cheap mid-day meal, and the dudes running the taxi line were great. PH is definitely a 4 star worth returning to on my next inevitable desert pilgrimage.
1	Unfortunately there is not a star lower than zero. Because that's what Planet Hollywood in Vegas deserves.The Good:Its a hotelThe bad:When I put my head down to go to bed I found 3 out of my 4 pillows were bloody. Not just that the sheets were dirty! So gross! DO NOT STAY AT PLANET HOLLYWOOD VEGAS. They have dirty sheets with blood on them.So Gross!
4	I've stayed at PH twice - both times were during CES week (2013 and 2014). The hotel is conveniently located on the strip and very close walking distance to City Center. Affordable rooms that are much higher in quality than their neighbor, Paris.  Each room is decorated with a movie theme featuring memorabilia from the actual film.  The King rooms I stayed in were standard and spacious. It's not fancy like Aria or Cosmopolitan but for the price it's within reason.There was never a long wait for cabs, valet was a breeze (in and out) plus, the casino isn't as congested as other popular casinos. My only gripe about PH is the high price to use the gym (fitness center). I paid $25/day to use it and even though they keep it stocked with fresh fruit and ice cold water it just isn't worth it. Maybe $10-$15/day would have been more suitable.
4	Planet Hollywood seems to be one of the smaller properties on the strip. The entire place is the shape of a disc with the Miracle Mile shops on the outside, and the casino in the middle. Though this place isn't entirely non-smoking like the Vdara, the lobby, Starbucks, and the room elevators can be accessed from the ground floor without having to inhale second-hand smoke. The rest of the shops are upstairs, but being newly renovated, doesn't smell as bad as older properties.The rooms are fairly clean - and let's face it - high volume areas like Las Vegas are bound to have dirty sheets from time to time. Ours were clean but despite the recent renovation, the place is starting to deteriorate in certain areas. The carpet outside wasn't installed properly and it has clearly deformed. Some of the paint has small nicks and chips. But again, minor details, and overall everything was reasonably clean.Only downside that doesn't change is that the rooms are dark. They need more light fixtures closer to the door area and another light fixture over the TV cabinet or something.The second downside, probably the largest, is that wifi is $14/day with one device included in the resort fee. One Wi-Fi enabled device per day is just tacky but at least we had a mobile hotspot.And the last downside is that for our Hollywood memorabilia, we had a wedding dress  parked right next to the TV. Kind of creepy, kind of weird, but OK I guess.For all the downsides with how small the place is, the shops are budget friendly and there is an Earl of Sandwich open 24 hours. And if the place is too small, being placed right in the middle of the strip means that you can walk over right next door to the half dozen other properties to do whatever else you want. The buffet's not really worth it here though, go to Paris or the Bellagio or the Cosmopolitan or Caesar's Palace.TL;DRRooms 3.25/5Location 5/5Shops 4/5Buffet 2.9/5
3	Clean moderately priced hotel. Came in during CES week and paid about 160$ a night for 4 nights. Got a smoking room, you can hear plumbing next door, stains in the bath and toilet from cigg burns, sitting chair had white stains on it. It costs 5$ for hot water! It seems it's always the expensive hotels that don't have a microwave, coffeemaker, fridge, and charge an arm and a leg for stuff like hot water, and wifi.  Anyhow I got smart and just heated up my water with a glass cup and the iron. PH you think you can work me, but no no no.. LOL.
2	EEK  this was bad. I've stayed at a hotel or 10 in Vegas before and based on the downstairs and even the buffet I thought this place was going to be nice! Boy was I wrong!The hallways are dark and scary with ripped and torn carpet. Each room has it's own 'decoration' or motif if you want to call it that. I was lucky enough to get the Fred Flinestone room. I had bones in my room, YEP! that's right kiddies BONES.  it was gross. My other friend was lucky enough to get the 90210 bedroom which did not include bones. The beds are extremely uncomfortable, another oddity in Vegas, and the Pillows are the worst I have ever experienced. They are hard as rocks and don't even bend.  They have updated some decorations for Brit Brit, but I am so very, very glad we decided on another hotel when we go back in Feb to see her concert. I would highly advise to stay somewhere else vs this place. What is sad is their location is awesome. They are connected to the Miracle Mile shops, they have a variety of lower priced dining options (PBR Bar and Earl of Sandwich), it's next door to Paris and it's right across the street from the Cosmo...all reasons we thought it would be great!They also, like many other hotels, charge a daily resort fee of $25/dayI never want to stay here again.
4	I stayed at Planet Hollywood from 1/9-1/13 for my birthday and I really liked it there. It's a great location because a lot of the other hotels are within walking distance. And if you forgot anything, there's a Walgreens around the corner. Score. I was really pleased with their customer service, Shawn at the front desk was really nice during my check in. And somewhere along the line during my drunk stay, I met the bellhop and housekeeping lady and they were super friendly as well. I wish a got the name of the girl who worked at the pleasure pit at the roulette table because it's fun to gamble with someone with a great attitude and fun personality. I didn't win but I still had fun. My room was on the 31st floor and the view was amazing. I was able to see the fountains from my window.
4	All time new favorite place to stay on the Strip. Reasons?1. Open face Black Jack tables with single deck, minimum $15.00 bet, and awesome dealers like Kimmy. Dunno who Kimmy is? Damn, you missed out. Firecracker upbeat awesome card dealer who made my first gambling experience super fun! :) 2. Smack in the middle of the strip. Perfect distance from Marquee and Caesars with the Planet Hollywood shopping mall attached. #winning 3. BurGR. Chow down my friends, chow down. 4. I took the airport shuttle from the airport to the strip. What number stop was PH? Stop number 2 baby WOOOHOO! ($7.50 for one way trip.) 5. Overpriced Starbucks but nevertheless, I'm thankful for the coffee. 6. Super responsive to asking for extra towels, blankets etc. Props to efficiency.Will be back again, so thanks PH for the relatively cheap rates!
5	this is the ONLY casino i won money at so obviously it's the best :) dealers are super nice. it was my first time playing craps and they were so helpful in explaining the game to me and helping me out.
4	We love this hotel, and now stay here every time.  But sad we haven't won even a little bit on the slots.  But we mainly play poker. Party atmosphere with music and dancers
4	I stayed here for 5 nights/6 days. Hotel room was very clean and spacious and the beds were super comfy. Lookout from the 37th floor and you'll think you're looking out over the surface of Mars. I was psyched that our room was Jim Carrey themed which comprised of a photo of the moped scene in Dumb & Dumber when they ride to Aspen, the tux he wore in the airport scene, and a portrait of him in The Mask. I can't express how much I loved the theme.Planet Hollywood is located smack in the middle o' the strip making it incredibly easy to get around. BurgR on the casino floor has a great craft beer selection that runs you ~$7 for a 20 oz. cup. Not too shabby.$5 dollar 3-card poker and craps tables available on off-peak days, all day. Crystal and Olya at the passion pit won me $300. Sure they're scantily clad but they know their stuff brought me some good luck. After wandering around other Casino's in the area, Planet Hollywood is easily my favorite. It is clean, well-lit, classy but not pretentious, and everyone I interacted with was uber friendly. I would definitely stay here again the next time I'm in town.
1	Planet Hollywood no more!  bye bye.  After coming here for the past several years we no longer will spend our holiday vacation here any more.  I stayed here the end of December and encountered a slew of problems!  some much more major than others.  Stayed 3 days and had 2 rooms booked.  Upon arrival and check-in, one of the rooms were not cleaned.  Called front desk which told us to talk to housekeeping.  Housekeeping said that they would not clean the room because it was past a certain time...the room did not get cleaned till 5 hours later...Had to call several times and get the run around!  Another issue MAJOR issue occurred was that there was not any hot water!  Halfway through my shower it went from hot to cold!  luckily we had another room to use and there was hot water.  This happened 2 of the 3 days there...  Some smaller issues.  Busted toilet!  Ended up having a toilet that kept running/flushing.  We told housekeeping and nothing was done.  3 days running water.  The hotel asks patrons to conserve energy and water and doesn't do anything to wasting water.  The tv in one of the other rooms had poor quality and the picture was over extended.  you could not tell what channel you were on because it was not properly displayed.  also the volume on the tv was just loud! one room was fine.  Explained all the issues to the front desk when checking out and only the resort fees were comped...i even mentioned that due to these problems that i would not be coming back.  the guy was ok letting me go.  skip the gym.  limited hours and super small.  not what i was expecting at all
3	I stayed at PH from 1/25 to 1/28/2014. It  was my first time staying on the strip. I would stay here again because:1. The price is fantastic. Very affordable. Allows me to waste more of my money gambling or eating or buying Las Vegas themed magnets or whatever foolishness I might be getting into. 2. Great location - easy access/quick walk to so many other places. 3.  Connected to the Miracle Mile shopping mall which allows for a larger variety of stores (for booze, water, snacks, assorted Las Vegas themed junk) and restaurants (not to mention the shopping). 4. If you're staying on the North side of PH you have a picturesque view of the Bellagio fountains and strip.5. Rooms were decorated and clean. (I had the Jessica Lange room) Easy to use in-room safe. Plenty of storage space. I was in a basic room and it included a full size ironing board and iron, as well as a hair dryer. The tv was poor quality and difficult to use (I know, it's a tv right?). There was a delay in changing channels so you had to wait a long time to figure out what channel you were on. When I was able to access the guide for shows, I couldn't get out of it no matter what I did and had to turn off the tv and turn it back on. There wasn't any explanation in the room as to how to use it, etc. or what channels were what as there usually is. I only watched tv while getting into bed for the night anyway, so it wasn't much of an issue - only an annoyance. The resort fee (about $20/day) includes use of the gym and use of wifi for one device per room. So if you have 2 ipads or whatever that need wifi, you'll only be able to connect (through the resort fee) to one device. I think additional wifi is $15/day. 6. I really don't have any complaints other than the fact that I spent most of my time disoriented in the PH casino. It's probably just me (I'm an idiot 90% of the time), but the casino there was laid out so that (for me) it was hard to determine what was where. Even after 4 days in the place, I was still wandering around not entirely sure where I was or how to get where I was supposed to be going. 7.  Friendly staff. I'd recommend PH and would stay there again. If you're looking for something easy, convenient, and affordable, this is a good option. It's no Cosmopolitan or Bellagio, so if you're looking for super swanky, this is not the place for you. It is not a luxury hotel. Keep your expectations in check and you'll be fine.
3	First room (#744) had a wonderful view of the roof. A huge roof. That's about it. Grout in shower looked moldy, furniture scratched/ broken, lights didn't work. New room was a little better, but furniture again beat up pretty bad. Scratched.. drawers missing. Location is great! Can't beat it. Mall pretty neat too. PH suffers from what they all do, the maze of the hotel/casino/mall. Maybe I am not good with directions but it took me 10-15 minutes just to get in or out of the building. And I get it, forces people to walk past more stores, and casino things. But doesn't make it less annoying.Side note.. non smoking floor smells like smoke. And has ash trays on the hall. Even under the non smoking signs. Kind of annoying.overall, slept good in the comfortable bed. Room was quiet. And room seemed mostly clean. Depending on price, I'd return.
5	For the last 4 years my girlfriends and I have made Vegas an annual birthday trip. For the past 3 years we have stayed at Planet Hollywood for the following reasons:1. Location - it is very central to the strip (you've got Paris to your right and Caesars down the block) and the mall that it's in (Miracle Mile Shops) has everything you might need: an ABC store, Sephora (in case you forgot your eyeliner at home or need free Wi-Fi haha). Fashion Show Mall and Crystals City Centre are about equivalent walking distance in opposite directions from Planet Hollywood so when I say central, I mean VERY central. Right down the street in front of Paris you can buy a ticket for $7 for the Express transportation train that will take you to both the South/North end of the strip (North/South Premium outlets) and the ticket is good for 24 hours - would definitely save you some cab fair for clubbing too2. The ceilings in the hotel casino seem to be higher than other hotels I've stayed at (Treasure Island, PH towers) which makes for better ventilation - this is a huge plus for me because I am pretty sensitive to the smell of smoke which I know is difficult to avoid in Vegas. 3. The rooms and suites are super clean - really cool movie memorabilia in each room. Bathrooms are great (also very clean) and the shower pressure is a 10 in my books. When I stayed at their sister hotel (PH Towers) the water pressure in the shower made me not want to shower - it was like someone standing there holding a watering pot pouring it slowly onto your head.4. Planet Hollywood is a participating buffet in "The Buffet of Buffets" which is something my girlfriends and I do EVERY time we're in vegas. Spice Market buffet is a good option for breakfast or lunch, and is so conveniently located downstairs from the casino so if you go out the night before and have too good of a time and wake up hungover and lazy you just have to walk downstairs for food LOLPlanet Hollywood has been good to us and we haven't found a reason to look elsewhere. Sure there are more "glamorous" or "high end" options but if you're looking for an above average hotel for a fun trip to Vegas then Planet Hollywood is definitey worth the money! Rates tend to be pretty competitive too.
3	Solid casino on the Strip. I don't go out to the big-name places much, but somehow I've found myself at PH three times in the last week or so- hit up Koi for a Yelp event, then the V theater for an Elvis show, and then the buffet using a Groupon. And let it be said, even though I didn't spend much here, you certainly can drop a lot of coin here. But there are also plenty of deals to be had here, too.Parking is pretty simple- love how easy it is to hop in the garage elevator and step out at the Miracle Mile shops, past the theater, and then to the casino. Decent poker area, lots of slots. Restaurants are all pretty solid- Koi is overpriced IMO but tasty and a good place to be seen if you're into that sort of thing. Their crispy rice app is to die for too, BTW.The buffet isn't among the best on the strip, but it's decently priced and has a larger selection than I expected. And the Heart Bar is good for people watching and has dancers for entertainment, too.
1	Merriam-Webster dictionary defines a COMP as -"given free as a courtesy or favor" Apparently Ceasars/Harrah's Entertainment does NOT!  Since my comp room cost me $70 for 2 nights with their bullshit resort fees and taxes.  These resort fees where they give you nothing for something really have to stop!  It's the equivalent of going to a restaurant and being charged a utensil fee.Additionally, my smoke free room on a smoke free floor had smoke permeating from somewhere.  And I'm not sure if PH is now pet friendly, but somebody's dog had definitely pissed in this room because it really stunk like dog pee.  I was going to look with my UV light but thought better of what other atrocities I might uncover.For locals PH has by far the most inconvenient and furthest self park lot. I actually parked at The Cosmo because it was closer to my room.On a final note the shower-heads are old (probably original) have not been cleaned or replaced and are undoubtedly full of Vegas' hard water deposits which turns the shower stream to barely a trickle.
1	Rooms look beat up. Toilette handle stuck. We requested no fragrance when making our reservation.  We checked in, went to our room and found that it HAD been sprayed with VERY PUNGENT FRAGRANCE. We asked for the manager who denied that they use fragrance on property at all.  Which is a lie. They charged us $100 for the night plus the $20 resort fee. We never even stayed in the room nor took our luggage up. I will never shop in the Miracle Mile shops or go to PH again.
2	I am only giving this hotel a generous review of two stars based on the hotel amenities itself NOT for its hospitality. I cannot believe that I am trying to sleep in an uncomfortable chair in my room because they are incapable of cleaning it... particularly the blood stained sheets and towels we were given the day before. I wish I could say I didn't sleep in these disgusting sheets but we only noticed the next morning. I have the flu and called the first time at 2:30 pm to let them know we were finally leaving the room and we needed it to be cleaned (ie blood stained sheets and towels). When we came back at 10:30 pm it had not been cleaned. My husband and I called at the beginning of each hour after that until 1:00 am. The manager at the front desk gave us several excuses for the failure to clean ("do not disturb sign left out?" No!, "maids changing shifts?" In 12 hours and at least 5 calls? No!) There is no excuse! You know... I was going to ignore the annoying lamps in the room that turn on only 1 out of 20 times, the tv remote that also hardly works, the broken bath faucet, and no mini fridge or microwave, but seeing as how they totally fail in the hospitality department and cleanliness department I will NEVER recommend this hotel to anyone.I'm disappointed because I wish I could say different.
4	Upon entering the casino, I asked a man in a purple blazer (who obviously worked there) for directions to Koi restaurant.  He sweetly replied, "Let me show you young ladies (we are all in our 40's;)...you are all my boss and I need to make sure you are happy!"  I could have hugged him!  How adorable and uber helpful of him!  I'm sooooo mad I didn't get his name for a proper shout out!  I have stayed here once (a few years back)--my room was clean and fine and there were no zero issues.  My guess is that Planet Hollywood is stepping up their game with Britney as a resident for the next 2 years.  There was staff everywhere, managing the lines and crowds effortlessly.  It makes me happy to see them re-inventing themselves and looking good.
3	When I heard some extremely loud mariachi music blaring in the hallway as I slept, I thought I was dreaming and that the louder it got, it was a punishment for whatever I was doing in my dream....but it was REAL! It was also probably around 3 or 4 in the morning, so I didn't really appreciate it.I know it's Vegas and people are likely to be crazy drunk, which also includes being obnoxiously loud, but both nights here this weekend were punctuated by several awakenings by some rather inconsiderate guests who were intoxicated beyond any manners. Needless to say, this experience has strengthened my relationship with my own bed. The room itself was okay. Nothing to Yelp about.I liked the casino, and since I was there for the Britney show, I was able to appreciate all the Britney-ness plastered everywhere from the elevators to the chips and tables. The Heart Bar even had a list of drinks named after some of her hits. The dealers here were all pretty nice. Only one bothered me a bit. I knew I would be ID'd as soon as I sat down at the blackjack table, so I had my wallet out and was in the process of pulling out my ID when BB demanded (not "asked" as the other dealers kindly did) for it. I told her I was pulling it out for her. Her head ping-ponged up and down, over and over at me and my driver's license. It was clear she was skeptical, and I don't have a clue why. Even though it shouldn't have, it made me feel a little embarrassed because it held up the game and put the focus on me as if I were doing something wrong.My favorite slot machine here by far was the Wheel of Fortune Triple Spin. Just wanted to throw that out there. Loved getting those wheels. Lol!
2	Planet Hollywood has a perfect location on the strip, right in the middle of everything. However, compared to some of the other hotels, it can definitely use a bit of an overhaul. The bathroom was dated, but HUGE, and our room had a huge red cocktail stain on the carpet, which was pretty gross, but we had an amazing view of the strip. We were there over a holiday weekend and affordable pickings were slim, otherwise I don't think we would have stayed here. The check in situation was also incredibly awkward with long lines, limited staff, and no lobby area to sit down. We had kids with us, so it wasn't like I could go hang out with them in the casino. If they spend some money updating and remodeling, this could be a great place, though.
1	I normally stay in the regular significantally  lower priced hotel/motels whenever I travel. But this hotel experience goes down in my history as THE most disgusting ever. Upon my arrival to my room I immediately discover these horrible stains and chunky crud on the comforter, that was neatly placed on top of my bed that I paid 114 per night for.  I tried calling the front desk to complain and after about 2 hours of them not answering I finally just called housekeeping to give me clean linens.  When the housekeeper came in, the look on her face was priceless.  I think she was even more disgusted than I was.  She made sure to completely change everything to ensure cleanliness and said she felt embarrassed that her peers didnt catch that before. Anyway, I didnt have time to deal with the front desk to get upgraded to another room....one because it was a hassle sine they wouldnt answer the phone...and two I was in Vegas for a reason and had plans to attend to.  So I overlooked the burdon of the digusting bed only to discover, after a night out, that the bathroom floor had dried droplets of vomit on he bathroom floor. Need I say more? It wasnt just the filthy condition of the expensive room, it was also the fact that the room was severly in need of an overall renovation. The caulking around the tiles in the bathroom was dirty and disentigrating, the shower drained slowly...sure to give you toe fungus and the sink faucet had cruddy crap all around it.I originally wanted to stay at a $35 a night hotel, but friends convinced me to "splurge". And this is what I get for splurging??? I would expect the actual condition of this room from a cheaper hotel.  You may want to rethink your choice of hotel unless you want to deal with the hassle of getting upgraded to a better room. But judging by my friends who had a supposed upgraded room...it was not at all any better.
1	Planet Hollywood hotel really ruined, what suppose to be a wonderful early V-day celebration to one of the worse nights in Vegas ever! We arrived on Monday evening and after a long 3 1/2 hour drive we were ready to rest in our rooms before dinner. Right when we opened the door a gust of hot air blew right at me and I immediately dashed for the air vents. After 10 minutes the air was still hot, so we called front desk and they said they would send a guy up. I laid down and rest my eyes and after another 10 minutes..it was STILL hot and no maintenance guy to be seen!? We called AGAIN and they said someone will be up soon...so by this point my patience were running low and it was now 7:30 pm and i was starving! Soooooo after laying down and waking back up again due to the ridiculous heat, there was still no magical knock on the door! Being in such a hot room for over 30 minutes can really dampened anyones mood! I  complained to my guy and he finally just asked the front desk for a room change! This obviously led to a terrible fight between the two of us, cause he's super patient and he didn't want to keep calling to ask for where the maintenance guy ! I was so annoyed that the front desk didn't just offer that to begin with and stop sending us false hope that someone will be saving us from that devil of a room! When we were changed into a different room, I saw a piece of pubic hair sitting on the bathtub!?!!?!? GROSSSSSS !!
1	Way over rated--$150.00 room was shabby--worth $20.00-- Glad I got a price match with NY-NY-- woodwork beat-up-blinds did not work--carpet was loose--all prices in the hotel were way out of line--especially drinks--$6.00 for a draught beer --also internet was $13.99 per day --so didn't  use-- but was charged anyway-- and no refund as it is a "corporation charge" so we can't or will not  do anything for you--- WIILL NEVER BE BACK--RIP-OFFGNFSHN4
1	Got a very cheap deal here since I'm a Total Rewards member. Got three nights for about $23 a night. Check in line wasn't too bad, had to wait about 20 minutes. I tipped the hotel clerk $20 and managed to get a room with a view of the Bellagio fountains and the Paris balloon/tower.The walk from the self parking lot is pretty far to the hotel lobby, but we were expecting that from the reviews we read. We just used luggage with wheels and the walk wasn't an issue. The room was clean upon arrival and was quite large considering it was only $23. The bathroom was HUGE!While our stay was acceptable for the most part, we had one issue on our first day there. After settling in, someone decided to open our door, I'm assuming housekeeping, while both my fiancee and I were undressed. From what I understand, hotel staff is supposed to announce themselves when entering a room. There was no announcement from whomever opened the door and they closed the door before I could get to it.If it was housekeeping that opened my door, their entry was done on purpose as housekeeping was outside my hotel room door upon arrival. The staff even moved their cart out of the way since it was parked in front of my door. SO I find it hard to believe that housekeeping had no idea we were in there.
1	Terrible hotel. Terrible experience. First we get to the hotel and have to walk very far from self parking through all the shops to get to the lobby. We then wait 20 minutes in line, check in, go to our room, open the door, and we are confronted with a strong smell of marijuana. We were very displeased, called down and got a room change. We got a downgrade to a smaller room that smelled like cigarette smoke (we had asked for non-smoking and there was clearly an ashtray and matches on the table). We called once again and the front desk (mind you, it rang for 10 minutes until someone answered) and they said there were no more rooms, and the only thing they could do is comp our resort fee which is $20. Also, they charge for mini fridges. Unbelievable. Do NOT stay here. We stayed at Treasure Island our first night and had a much better experience. It was a third of the cost and SO much nicer.
1	Parking lot located clear out beyond the mall inside of the hotel.  Makes for quite a long walk.  Pool is also not located very wisely.  If you want to go swimming you have to walk thru the mall in your swimsuit and towel to get to the pool.  Stupid!  It's all about how much more they can extract from your pocket before you make it to your room.Hotel has odd smell throughout.  Room was clean, although the door on the entertainment center was ripped off.  Bathroom was roomy and tub very large and welcoming.  My husband and I were approached twice by women in the hotel asking if we wanted company.  Uh, how about HELL NO!I won't be going back here.  I only went here for a medical convention for work.
1	Stayed four nights here with my girlfriend for a business conference. When we arrived, the line to check in was not bad. We arrived early and we were able to check in early, for a fee, $28 I believe. We were told if we waited 1/2 hour, the fee would only be $15, but they gave us the reduced fee without waiting because of medical reasons. They also provided a refrigerator in room free (normally $25/day) for medical reasons, which is that I had medication that needed to be refrigerated. Entering the room, I noticed one bed was seriously concave, but the other one was fine. There was a lighted table that the cord had been severed and the wires exposed. We informed the bell guy when he brought our bags but we didn't care enough to change rooms. The carpet was loose, looked like water damage to me. The TV was fine, but has absolutely NO jacks, so you can't hook anything up to watch movies or music or games. They do charge for internet, $13.99/day, PER DEVICE!!!! Good news is Starbucks and some restaurants have free WiFi. The bathroom was huge and very nice, but the shower was weak. The bathtub is awesome and easily fits two, but ours didn't drain. So, called maintenance. They didn't fix it the first night (GROSS!) but the second time we called, they snaked it, made mess, housekeeping came to clean, whole process took about three hours. I assume the issue was resolved, but we didn't use the tub again after that. Also, when people in other rooms shower, it is loud as hell, but I never heard the people talk or laugh or any other noises lol.We called to speak with a manager about the plumbing issues. The girl that answered, Olivia, has a thick accent. Apparently she was saying "manager", but to us it sounded like she was saying "money gift", and when we finally figured it out we laughed about the misunderstanding. She was rude, accused my gf of laughing at her, and then hung up on her. Call back and got the GM Brian. He was a dick from the start. He offered to give us a free late check out, which we already had arranged. So, he took off the early check in fee and a room service charge, a total discount of $36. While speaking with Brian, we discovered that we had a charge for room service that wasn't ours. So, we called the room service manager, Pharrin. She was absolutely awesome! She immediately looked into the incorrect charge, took it off our bill, and even offered to cover our breakfast the following morning! Overall, it was OK and mostly our individual room & the front desk people that got the 1 star. I would stay there again. All the fees are kinda ridiculous, but there are ways around those.
2	we did not have a good experience, as much as I have loved Planet Hollywood in the past, during this visit...not so pleasant.  we arrived and got stuck in the Keanu Reeves "Speed" suite, not my idea room, but ok...no biggy.  as soon as we walked in, not as clean as I would have liked but we had a great night in vegas, came back to the room slept, when I woke up I had lost an earing, looked under the bed to locate it and saw this weird grey tube.  like a small nitrogen bottle, then my husband found more near the seating area! it grossed me out so much. then when I called a manager, all they offered was for maid service. WOW.   never will stay there again.
1	Horrible!!! Will never stay again! Dirty bathroom (pubic hair in tub), broken furniture (missing door on cabinet and unable to hang clothes). Complained and was offered an "upgraded room" at a charge. Really?? How is that appealing? They waved the charge when I complained, so nice of them. The new room was nicer but we lost our view of the fountain which was another disappointment. The casino floor was way too loud all the time! The only good restaurant was the burgr, and I would eat there again.
5	my favorite hotel in vegas from the l.i.v.e. video d.j. n.i.n.o. jamming the hits to the stores in the mall.
4	I've been to Vegas a few times, but never stopped by Planet Hollywood. We had a great time at the shops and I played 3-card poker for a while in the casino. Both of the dealers I had were great and the cocktail service was prompt as well. I would definitely come back!
3	Not the nicest hotel, a little ghetto but it was cheap & we were there to see Britney. Next time I would spend a lil more & stay at Cosmo or Aria across the street.  Pool was closed.  Shopping was great & customer service at front desk was excellent.  They upgraded is to a resort room at no charge when we complained about our first standard room-it was literally the size of a dorm room. It's just an older hotel & attracts a lil more of a scuzzy crowd. Earls Sandwich shop was a great & yummy, affordable, & quick option.   I prob wouldn't stay here again but have it 3 stars because it was convenient for Britney show, affordable room rates & customer service was very good.
1	I decided to make a last minute trip to LV to join my family celebrating a birthday.  They were staying at the Bellagio for four nights.  I was only going to stay for two nights, and by the time I had decided to go the Bellagio rates were higher than I wanted to pay for given the quick stay over.  Since Planet Hollywood was just across the street from the Bellagio, and the rate seemed reasonable, I decided to stay there.I won't say that it was a horrible experience, but I was definitely disappointed.  The rooms are dated and didn't feel exceptionally clean.  The decor has a 1990's vibe to it.  I'm not sure how much of it is carryover from the Aladdin revamp prior, but it wasn't up to what I would consider "current Strip standards".  It seems appropriate that this is Britney Spears anchor arena for her shows - it has a slightly "trashy" feel to it. Some of the issues that I had regarding the room were:- missing front of one of the drawers- strange odor from the faucet water in sink- pull chain shades that kept stickingI can see being in my 20's and coming here to have a raging time, but those days are a little bit behind me at this point and would rather opt for comfort and modern amenities (like at Aria) than "just a place to crash" at the end of a long night.
3	Stayed here last night and got a room with a view of the Strip. The view was nice, but the window was very small and only one or two people at a time can see out of it. The room itself was decent, but nothing special, although the bed was pretty comfortable. Found a few small stains on the blanket, which is never good.. bathroom would be nice if it was the 90s but could definitely use a lot of improvement. For $210+, you can definitely do better at other hotels on the Strip.
2	Giving the hotel two stars mainly because of price, location and proximity to the sights and sounds on the main hub of the strip. Other than that, this hotel is struggling. The room was beat up and dated with no refrigerator, a broken safe and a super small window overlooking the strip - and if you are paying for a view upgrade, you would expect much more. The positive was that we could easily access other hotels and restaurants and from that perspective it was good. But there really is nothing about this hotel that makes you want to stay there and enjoy yourself, or look forward to a future stay. It's old and a walk across the street to the Cosmo or Aria really shows what you are missing. If you can afford to stay elsewhere, I would recommend it.
2	The only reason I booked a room there was for a convention at Planet Hollywood. I was disappointed in the "resort". First the parking is truly a 15 minute walk. and if you rie a motorcycle it is not like you can use valet parking, and you will walk quite a distance with your bags. Before I booked a room there I specifically asked about parking for my bike and was told there will be plenty of parking but when I got there I had to maneuver an 800 lb motorcycle thru bicycles and scooters that were parked every which way. After my hike to the reservation desk the cashier informed me I cold not opt out to pay cash at the end of my stay. my CC would have the amount placed on "hold" and in essence holds the amount of money basically at ransome. I have been at other hotels that did not have to do that and were glad to have my CC info but did not hold funds on my CC. We found our way to the elevators and found Brittney Spears plastered everywhere! The decor felt dated and there was not the clean feeling one would expect. When I opened the door the room reeked of cigarette smoke! Then I found an ashtray so I called the front desk. Turns out that the cashiers just put us in a smoking room with gout ever asking if we smoke! And he figured we would want to stay in the room for four days....didn't ask us if we smoked?  Well I guess that was MY fault since I had on a motorcycle jacket he profiled all bikers as smokers. They should ask each person if they would like a smoking or non smoking room. So now the room doesn't really feel clean. The room was sufficient and the decor was 90's. The bathroom was large and had a large soaking tub and separate shower and so that was nice!My first morning there I placed the hotel "Do not disturb sign" in place. They came in anyways. The next night I wanted the room clean...they did not come clean the room and then I found a weird matt stain on the bathroom floor. So do they wash the marble floors between guests?Down in the mezzanine I had a drink with my lunch and the glass was cracked! apx 3 inches of it. I think they were so fast to set the tables they didnt care/notice such a large crack. So lets try the Miracle mile mall.....all very nice. Things of all price points BUT be careful three of the stores there ring up the price by rounding UP! Yes Ocean one charged our friend $48 for a bill that was first shown as 47.24 but the waiter rang it and rounded up. When this was brought to his attention he said they always do that. Its just the way it is done. After my friend made a fuss the waiter all of 20 something...took the bill back. dug in his apron pocket and gave my friend the difference...Do you think THAT problem will ever be resolved? NO so YOU will be the next over charged person!Next stop Popcorn...same thing! one price listed for pop corn but then the over charge and dont have an answer as to why. Ver nice to us but didnt change the price until after the manager was called in....seems that is STANDARD practice there!In the end when I checked out and when I was asked if my stay was ok I told them all that happened...right down to the bathroom floor not being washed. The young girl said she was sorry but my bill was never adjusted. I told her I will never stay there again. You pay a price and have a certain expectation and it just isn't met, period. My convention was good but I will not go back there again.
5	My girlfriend says it's the best hotel ever, I wouldn't go that far but it's a excellent stay.  Stayed on the eight floor In a beautiful upgraded room. The service is nice and the location is great. It's one of cleaner casinos and has a lot of shopping to do as well.
3	I can't stand staying here...Doesn't matter if I got the card and winning money and get free night stays I just can't get over the fact that the parking is eons away from the elevators. I don't mind the rooms. The rooms are in fact classy and sophisticated. Trendy I would say, but the walk from the parking...drive me nuts. I just want to get from my car without going around miracle mile (wow maybe that's why they call it that? - yeah I know miracle mile in LA it's just about a mile to walk to the elevators lol) I  can do the free valet thing but the wait just to get your car is the same as if you walked to your car or even more...I wish they just had a hallway that cut down the middle since apparently the entrance of the parking is directly parallel to the entrance of the casino and doesn't matter which way you go, its still freaking far. I swear when I stayed there 3 times, the 3rd time I found that going to the right was faster since to the left you pass the water thing but I think I was just delusional or think that I was going in the nearest direction possible.
4	Stayed in Resort room for three nights in Feburary 2014.The Good: Large room and huge bathroom for the price.  We were very impressed with the room itself.  Best value for location in Las Vegas.  The cafe is large with a wide selection of foods and reasonably pricing. The bad:  Koi night club in the hotel is tacky and promoters everywhere trying to 'walk you in' for $20 each (including girls).  Fitness center allows only two persons per room and requires ID to enter the damn thing.  This is especially irritating since we had a two bed and four roommates wanting to workout indoors since Vegas weather tends to be overly dry for morning runs. Internet in room costs extra but there is a Starbucks in the casino.
2	Visited for a show, did not stay at the hotel.  From the beginning it was a trial.  The valet service is painfully slow, coming and going.  Hotel staff we encountered in the lobby were curt to the point of rudeness.  Sat at a show that had massive amounts of fog machines but we were told that e-cigarettes were not allowed.  Ya know, e-cigarettes?  The things that produce only water vapor? Like the fog machines?  I had actually only used it a couple of times, and very discreetly, so obviously the usher was just a staring jerk (jealous, maybe?). We were front row, for the price we paid you would think we'd have been left alone to enjoy our show. To top it off, for some unknown reason their waitresses are dressed as cheap prostitutes.  I guess I had a different vision of what this place was going to be.  I though maybe a little class but it's a slightly run-down, kind of dirty feeling place.
3	I've stayed at Planet Hollywood twice now... The first time (August 2013) I stayed there I LOVED it. I love that it has a young vibe and it's very colorful. That caught my eye. We ended up with a room themed of some Cindy Crawford that I didn't even know, but whatevs. I like the casino, it's always poppin with young folks.. Not a lot of older people like at a lot of the other casinos (not that there's anything wrong with that). The spice market buffet was really good also, so I left there very pleased with my experience and knew I wanted to stay there again. The only complaint I had the first time I stayed there was our neighbors who complained of noise because there kid was sleeping...? Um, ok we're in Vegas... Hello!! But whatever, it was 5am. For our march 2014 trip we decided to book at PH again. We checked in and went up to our room which was Crocodile Dundee themed. Bummer. I hate that movie. But again, whatever. When I looked around the room, I realized the entertainment center holding the TV and stuff was missing drawers and doors. Hella janky!! I paid $150 a night and would have expected decent, so that brought my stars down from 4 (possibly 5) to 3. Spice Market again was pretty good, specifically champagne brunch. My favorite!! But the food selection was exactly the same as the last time I went. Boooorrrriiiiinnnngggg.
1	I love vegas !!!!! And always stay at my home away from home the Venetian . We are always treated grate there and well respected never a issue . At the end of February I was sent out by Harley Davidson for a event at Planet Hollywood . I had to attend a bunch of early and all day functions there . So I thought it might be a good idea to stay whit planet Hollywood . I could go up and down the elevator from my room and to the function and back and forth easyer and didn't have to worrie about driving . I read the reviews and it seemed like a fine place to stay and was excited . Well from the start when we arrived I stead of having valet immediately assisting us when we pulled up we had to go and get them and ask for help and it seemed like we where bothering them . And they weren't that busy either . So while my wife delt with valet the rest of us went to the putter 40 and parked our bikes . Checked in with only 2 people checking in a HUGE check in line . Took a while . Then we got out room went in and found it in bad shape . 3 things first the bathroom drain was clogged and not draining . Being a plumber I worked on it and got it draining just ok with the little things I had with me . Second the carpet was all bunched up in the middle of the room like a speed bump and we where tripping on it the hole time there . Third one of the main lamps that produced light in the room was broken and dangling on its base. Like a tripod with lamp shad hanging on its side . That's the room . The stuff I was there for went fine . But while I was busy my wife and  another wife spent the day together and it seemed like every where they went every one was  RUDE to them first just tryin to call the bell desk took for ever and in the end they had to go down stairs to talk to them instead of the phone because they wouldn't anwser. Took over a day just to talk to the concert box off on how much tickets where? Then they tryed to eat at the Buffett in the hotel and where behinde a person that had been waiting at the front of the line for some time  and was passed up by the cashier because they where to busy helping the five star card members and when they where dun with one then a nother would come up and again and again and again . My wife was getting frustrated so she said something to the manger and he treated her like shit telling her that the five star people spend a lot of $ to be at that status and that they come first . Like the rest of us and our $ if no good . H he went a a far as to make fun of them , laugh at them , then called security on them to have them leave . In the end they ended up eating in the mall . Then Friday night yes we are only to Friday . All this happened between Thursday and Friday . So Friday might we had a HUGE !!!! Party in a banquet room and even there the wait staff seemed like we where bothering them and was  difficult just to even get coffee . Goan as far as to that I had to go get the pitcher of water and coffee for our table . By the way this party was for over a 1000 people no small get to gether . In the end I will never stay here again not even if they give ma a free room I would rather   Stay at the Venetian . The only nice thing I would say about the room was that the beds and bedding was nice . Good luck with your decision. That's my openion .
2	The service here was not great, particularly in the sports book. It was 9am and I was still on Eastern Time, so I got up and headed down to the casino. I'm sure no one is happy to be working the early shift (or quite possibly the tail end of the graveyard shift) at a casino but I went up to ask the teller if they permitted bets on Division II games, and before I could even get the question out - I had just said "I have a quick question for you" - she said she needed to see my ID. I understand that I'm young and that it's required to be in the casino, but she could have at least let me ask my question first and asked for my ID more politely. I wasn't even placing a bet yet. There was a much more tactful way to go about this. I also mistakenly gave her my MLife card, thinking Planet Hollywood was a MGM resort, and she kind of gave me an attitude when she told me it was a Total Rewards hotel. Sorry, I'm not from the area, and neither are the other 40 million people here right now, so perhaps change your attitude and be a little more helpful with the tourists, or go find a job on Fremont Street where they look for people with attitudes.
5	This Review is for my experience with the Jacksons showroom staff - it started at Will Call picking up tickets and the first person who helped me was really wonderful.  She had great seat options available and we ended up at table 1 right at the stage.   It was very apparent that she liked her job and enjoyed helping create a great customer service experience.  Once in the theater I was assisted by Judith & later Mary who worked very hard to accommodate a last minute seat for a 3rd person to be near us.  I was so happy with their kindness and effort all to make our experience great.  Very well done - I will definitely try to see more shows there!  As far as the Jackson go - they've still got it! It amazes me what energy these guys have after a lifetime of performing.  This is the 2nd time I've seen them and this performance was outstanding.
2	Planet Hollywood in Vegas sucks for the following reasons 1. Service sucks at valet (even if you don't drive around forever trying to even find it)2. Concert venue was WAY understaffed - not enough bartenders (6) or organization for the crowd of people (6000) waiting to get a beer. A bartender was counting his tips while hundreds waited for drinks. 3. Have hounds trying to sell you timeshares but they are sneaky and ask if you wouldn't mind touring a new section of the hotel for a bunch of free shit. Who doesn't want free shit? A bus ride, presentation and 4 hrs later FML4. Cocktail waitress told me she was too busy to talk to me - I simply needed quick directions. 5. While gambling our cocktail waitress was impatient and acted disgusted she even had to deal with us. Sorry I tipped you $5 for two Coronas. 6. Internet kept kicking me off and was referred to a tech support like that's what I wanted to be doing on vacation7. No mini fridge in over priced suite8. Casino floor is like a labyrinth, confusing and clutteredTo be fair:1. the rooms were nice (still over priced) and we had an awesome view. 2. Our roulette dealer was nice, and there was one security employee who personally walked where we wanted to go.3. Scantly clad women are dealers in one section which is pleasing to the eyes.Basically, stay at Mandalay Bay, The Venetian, Palazzo, Trump Tower or Bally's instead. All are way better than Planet Hollywood.
2	I attended a conference at Planet Hollywood (PH), Las Vegas last week (Mar 9th to Mar 15th).  The only reason I stayed there was because the conference had a package deal with the hotel.  In retrospect, I should had stayed in another hotel and just cab it every day to the conference.  The only thing PH has going for it is its location.  Excellent location on the strip, but the actual hotel and service, I would rank it with a Best Western or Holiday Inn.  When we arrived at the hotel (around 1:00 PM), it took us almost 30 minutes to check-in.  During check-in, the front staff told me that there is an "early check-in fee of $16.00"?!?!?!?!  What the hell!  I actually laughed when they told me this, as I have never heard of this!  Usually in ALL other hotels in this world, if the room is ready, you can check-in, no problem, if not, you wait.  But, according to PH, the early check-in fee is Caesars' Entertaining policy!  I am still shaking my head on that one, you would think in Vegas, the faster you get your hotel guest in the casino the better. The room was no better than any other 3-start hotel that I have stayed in the past.  Room was in desperate need of an update.  Carpet, bed, furniture, etc in need of replacement.  The closet was actually missing a door!  Cool pictures on the wall, but who cares about that.  Not me. Internet - there is a charge of $14 per day... now that is expected for most hotels, but wait for it.... $14 per day.... PER DEVICE!  Yes, per device!  Laptop, that's $14 and IPad that's another $14... that's about $30 per day plus tax!   I have never heard of that one either!  Now that's two things I have never heard or experienced with any other hotel anywhere in Vegas or in this world for that matter.  During the conference, this was a hot topic.... It is nothing and the hotel dismisses it when one person complains about this fee and "one device policy", but when a whole group of conference attendees is discussing the same issue and feel the same way, PH, you need to pay attention! Pool - Closed!  In March! Now, they told us we could use the pool in the Paris hotel... hmmm.... OK, if you have ever been to Vegas, you know how close and "walkable" Vegas can be.  Just a short little trip to the next hotel to use the pool.... Yeah... right. Gym - Now usually, when we go to Vegas, who uses the gym... right?  But, since it was a conference and it was 6 days we tried to use the gym.... But wait for it.... again... must be a PH (Caesars' Entertaining) thing... there is a charge of $25 per day.... That's OK.... But that's PER PERSON!  Crap!  So, for the two of us that's $50 per day, $250 for the week, that's more than what my gym membership costs for the WHOLE YEAR!  What's with this hotel and their Mickey Mouse nickel and dime game! As I mentioned before, PH is in a great location.  But, PH caters to the younger crowd (21 to 25 years old) that is there just to gamble and drink, probably why it can get away with its "policies".  But a more seasoned traveler will know better and see through this sham.  I for one, will skip this hotel next time we go to Vegas, we will still visit the Miracle Mile Mall, but skip Planet Hollywood.  With so many WAY BETTER hotels in the immediate area, why stay at Planet Hollywood?  I don't see any reason.I would sincerely hope the conference organizers pick a better hotel next time.
4	We stayed here the 3rd weekend of February '13. We came to see Britney & wanted to stay where the show was located. The room was your average hotel room. We purchased a packaged deal on Travelocity. We had the average/generic room with two queen beds. They placed us on the 7th floor which actually had an obstructed view of the strip. We didn't ask for this or pay extra for it. It was a nice view at night. We stayed three nights & definitely enjoyed our stay. The room was pretty clean but not spectacular. I would stay here again if the price was right & planned to see Britney. Oh & our room had items from the movie "Hook." The bathtub was great! Beautiful garden tub + a stand-up shower!
2	Well what can be said that hasnt been.Apparently the wife beat me to it. After beeing trx fo Vegas via the old company that decides to get greedy I found myself Out on my ass and with a new wife(first passed) and just older kids. But as they say, life and the show go on. So Acting bug bites my behind and now after being in Vegas. and seeing every imploded hotel BELLAGIO is built.It will Always have my heart,soul.But Planet Hollywood. says THEY WILL do it better!! Ok Dave Front Desk Supervisor let us c what you got. Moms day my and my daughters B/ d hmm. Make it worth my time . Make mee say that the BELLAGIO is no more than whst it ONCE WAS)))((())). lets c if this really works........Dave you may have Mighty big shoes to fill. Actually you can ask Juilianna Lete. Shes married now and a Hostess with the most infectious smile and way about her. She actually got lured away from the Bellagio to the Mandalay Bay....Although we didn't have her for a long time the time we had the ability to make things happen.....She was aliving doll. she knew us better than we knew ourselves:) lets c what dave can do.................actually its hard to give this review anything~
3	Once you get past the disorganized and confusing shit show that is their shopping mall Planet Hollywood is actually an interesting casino with a great open floor plan to the gaming area and plenty of unique areas to explore.  Featuring plenty of entertainment options and venues plus a few eateries worth checking out plus one of the more spacious parking structures on the central strip I think pH and the Miracle Mile Shops provide an intermediate between the low and the high of Vegas, the sort of place where there is something for everyone but at the same time nothing in particular worth 'seeking out.'
4	We didn't stay at Planet Hollywood, but spent a LOT of time there on our most recent trip - gambling, eating, drinking, and shopping. Casino - nice and spread out. Craps dealers are all great and craps tables were always fun when we were playing (maybe it was because WE made it fun;) ). There's a starbucks within the casino, which is VERY nice- especially since we all got in late after a full days work and just wanted to grab a quick sandwich in between gambling. Food - we ate at Cabo Wabo, starbucks, late night @ Earl of sandwich, and PF Changs. All were great - friendly servers/employees, great food, good drinks (PF), etc. PF Changs should probably have asked the 4 20something year olds who were already intoxicated who came in to eat lettuce wraps and do saki bombs and drink a ridiculous amount (us....) to leave the nice, family friendly atmosphere... but they didn't... and we were grateful ;) Shopping - countless number of shops - only shopped for an hour or so, but they have everything from clothing stores to electronic stores to souvenir shops.**THEY HAVE GARRETTS POPCORN** - I literally saw a guy carrying a bag of popcorn from the corner of my eye in the casino, recognized it as garretts bag, and followed him (im not creepy i promise) until I caught up to see where he got it from... and it was in their mall.... Needless to say, THIS previous chitown resident was THRILLED ;)
2	Just checked into PH Las Vegas. Our shower doesn't work, there's mold around it and mold around the sink. Asked for a different room (we got a 2 queen bedroom. There's 4 of us)...what did they offer us? A one king room. For FOUR ppl?! Wtf? Or wait til tomorrow for a different room. Had already booked a room for edc 2014 best believe I am canceling it and going some where else.
4	Had a GREAT time at Planet Hollywood! This is one of the best locations on the strip for those on a budget. There are tons of $-$$ restaurants within a short walking distance and in the hotel itself. We got a pretty sweet deal directly from the hotel's site. Highly recommend looking for coupon codes and checking out their promotional offers.Didn't have any problems with getting extra towels or amenities and the beds were comfortable. Not the biggest rooms but still enough space to play some rage cage and beer pong. (Purely for perspective...ehem...)I scouted for $5 blackjack tables but to no avail so I parked myself at the no-bust blackjack table and lost $75 WAY too fast...(sad face exit)But really tho, the all-encompassing convenience of PH is hard to beat. Like the fact that...- PBR (Professional Bull Riding) is downstairs and open late so you can ghost ride the bull and crawl back to your room. No cabs. No bullshit. No problem.- Earl's is downstairs and they're open late. Long lines but efficient process.- Hellza shopping downstairs.- Comfortable rooms. No fluff. No bullshit. No problem.....and now, BRITNEY. Haters gonna hate but you know you want a piece of this: http://24.media.tumblr.com/f9e1201d417a3eda75ad66ddd917f091/tumblr_mken20CcUM1ql5yr7o1_500.gif
4	Sometimes I'm well behaved. But sometimes, just sometimes, I'm a very bad boy. I was in Las Vegas and I had to be naughty. Well what better place to be naughty than every single place I went including my hotel, Planet Hollywood. When you're blacked out drunk they don't kick you out or make your friends take care of you like they would at the bars back home. They gently sit you down at a slot machine.Awesome.The food all over was pretty good, from the daily planet whatever to Gordon Ramsey's BURGR. Had no complaints about the room except for the fact the water pressure was ridiculously low on the shower head and for the sake of all the strippers that are going to be graced with my lap to dance on I really wanted to be extra clean.
5	This review is for the Sports Book at Planet Hollywood.  I recently stayed at the hotel for 5 nights and spent 4 of those nights in the sports book at some point.  The bartenders, Sherry, Michael and Victor were FANTASTIC!  So friendly and down to earth, always quick with the next drink and the drinks were always mixed perfectly.  Even with the craziness of March Madness, these bartenders were always on and ready to serve.  On quieter nights, my husband and I enjoyed great conversations with all three of them.  This bar is definitely a place we will hang out at again when we are in Las Vegas.  I hope that by the time we come back, they will have gotten new bar stools, though!
2	Spent the midweek at a safety conference here. Last day a large amount of attendees contracted Norovirus and became violently ill. I will say, however, that before that incident, the room service was actually pretty good, both dinner and breakfast. The blinds in the room didn't completely block out the sunlight in the morning and you can't adjust them  horizontally because of their vertical design. We believe the Norovirus came from the food served at the conference.
3	Why does the bathroom not have ventilation...? I don't understand.
1	Checked in and got to room and bed not freshly made. Waited hour and half for housekeeping. She said if you want linens changed daily you have to request it and I told her I just checked in. She gasped. Woke up next morning and power out in bathroom...waited half hour for guy to come up and reset. . No hair dryer in bathroom or room. Not enough electrical outlets. And the most awful stone ages wifi/connectivity anywhere. A total zero of a stay. Never again.
1	Oh god, where to begin.....The room was dirty. VERY dirty. The "velvet" headboard had a layer of (I hope) dust, and the bedskirt was stained and disgusting. I sprayed for bed bugs and slept on top of the sheets on the JIC.The bathroom was as bad as rest of the room. The floor hadn't been mopped in weeks (at least) as evidenced by the mildewed grout lines, so to be safe I was sure to shuffle around on a towel rather than allow my feet to touch the floor.There were splatters on the wall, cobwebs - complete with dead gnats - in the corners, and the window shade was broken and water stained. This was probably a nice hotel 10 years ago, but now it's just the red-headed stepchild of the better hotels. If you're a business traveler like me, you do NOT want to stay at this hotel, nor do you want to bring clients here. It's really for the under 25 crowd that's out to drink, have fun on the Strip and not stay in their rooms for any extended period of time. I felt downright scuzzy the whole time I was there, and couldn't wait to get home and take a long, hot "Silkwood" shower (if you've seen the movie, you get it).Next door to me was an obnoxious group of people who snuck a dog into their room. Between the loud arguments and the dog barking, it was tough to get any decent sleep. Down the hall was another stellar group, who took the fighting to a whole new level, spilling out into the hallway at 2am telling each other to f* off. Round the clock fun for all.Do the Strip a favor and bulldoze this place!
4	I love that this hotel is at the center of the strip. It is across Aria and Cosmopolitan, and beside the Paris hotel. Also check-in is at 4 pm, but we checked in early at 1:30 pm with no extra charge! You probably have everything you would need or, at least what you would like to buy inside the Miracle Mile Shops. You got Bath and Body Works if you forgot your soap, you have Victorias Secret if you need a new pair of lingerie, a lot of clothes and shoe stores in case you won and you needed new ones for the trip. Food: You got to try Earl of Sandwich! They are open 24/7! Casino: I saw first hand the elder gentleman beside me won the progressive jackpot of $15,000.00! Sucked for me, great for him! I loved the strawberry dacquiri- virgin or not, they were pretty good! I loved that they had redbull too to keep you up with your gambling needs, lol! Service: It depends. We stayed there for a week. There were nights in were a certain area, the girl in charge there rarely passed. I had to flag down an attendant to call her. There were 2 nights in where the same girl served us at the dollar slot machine area, whereas she was pretty attentive, prompt and very kind. She was my lucky charm too! I won like $600 in both nights in that area with her serving our drinks. The Hallway to the Room: Better than Paris at least. The vibe is definitely modern and for the young crowd.The Standard Room: Our standard room was on the 37th floor. It was pretty high-up and the view was amazing! We had the mountain view which is the back but the Vegas skyline was glowing at night! PROS:Very nice bedroom set-up. Very modern touch. All three were separate: the toilet, the tub and the shower. I love the bath tub!  My room had a table and chair for my laptop, with a lamp on it.Your wifi connection is free for at least one device. So better decide if you will be using that free wifi for the laptop or your phone.Flat screen HD tv.Big closet space.Big room and decent spacing inside.Coffee chair and table inside.Had iron and ironing board inside the closet.For it's price- the standard room is way better than Paris. Paris feels like a cheap hotel because of the looks of the room and the hallway. It is cheap too! You can get a deal at smartervegas.com. Better than Kayak or Travelocity!CONS:You pay $25 for the fridge per night.I noticed some dust on the curtains and on the AC vent.The toilet is cool that it was separated and has a door for privacy but, someone forgot to include the exhaust fan on the ceiling! Your ish stinks unless you have a candle lit!  There should be at least 2 exhaust fan: 1 inside the toilet room and 1 inside the actual bathroom- to get rid of the smell or the humidity in the air.
5	Fun little spot and had a blast here! It sure has changed a lot since the Aladdin was taken over.
1	WTF happened to PH?! I've been loyal to this hotel for years...even when it was Aladdin back in the day!  Customer service is nonexistent in this place! The room was dingy..but I said hmm they are just having a off day...pshh it only gets worse from here.First off there are red splatter stains on the wall..."Did someone get murdered in this room?" I noticed the shower had crusty calcium build up...the shower tiles were not very clean...ugggh.On the first and Last night, I attempted to take a shower, only to find out the water pressure was about as strong as a drinking fountain.So now I'm annoyed....only to attempt to flush the toilet and find out the damn thing is backed up.. clearly this place has major plumbing issues...mind you is now the middle of the night...just a few moments after the hallway was full drunk skanky strippers yelling and screaming!I called the front desk and was told they couldn't move my room....ummm what?! They said they can't control other guest and they could come and plunger the broken toilet.I opted to check out and go stay elsewhere, but of course they all of a sudden have a better room available?!  After I packed up and booked another hotel!? $& Idiot's!The front desk check tells me I'm going to be charged for the second night even though I'm leaving...hell no I'm not. I paid for the first night, and that's about all I'm willing to give this BULL ish hotel! I'm soo done with PH!
4	One of my favorite places to stay only because this hotel has everything! Need more clothes? There's a mile long mall. Need a bite? Several places to choose from. I like the Brazilian BBQ place or earls if you're in a rush. Need more groceries? There's an ABC store that has pretty much everything.This hotel also has a bridge to the Cosmo which comes in handy because I go to marquee at least once.I want to see Britney! She has residency there so be sure to check her out.The only thing that sucks is if you stay in the suites it's such a far walk to your car, to the casino, to everything. And when you're hungover everything seems even further.
5	I am too stuffed to speak. If you walk by this place stop and eat. The ribs were fantastic, the service was great! The seating was so comfortable I was falling asleep.
3	Here's the thing. The hotel is older. And very confusing for their casino floor. It's not organized where u know where ur going. I have to continuously walk around to find where I'm going. There are better casinos now that are more organized and fun. The women dance on the games at night. I've seen a kid pull out his phone and started video taping the girl dancing. The food is ok but expensive.
3	Pros:-central in the strip so you can walk everywhere easily -rooms are a good size and clean-free wifi however only one device can use it at a time-lots of shopping malls -earls sandwich is inside Cons: -shower head and toilet paper roll were broken after a little usage-you have to walk through the "miracle mile" of shops for the parking lot just to get to the lobby. There was no quicker or safer way to get there.
4	I love this hotel, plain and simple! I have stayed here few times and twice within the past few months.  Starting with the rooms: They are decent size rooms, although I have only stayed in the ones with the king beds, they are very comfortable and spacious. The bathrooms are large with their own shower stall, separate jacuzzi tub, and toilet also separate. There is also a large counter and sink, perfect for multiple people to get ready. If you're lucky enough to get the rooms facing the strip, they scenery is awesome. The Bellagio is right across the street, so you don't even have to leave the room to watch the fountain show or fight for a good spot! The rooms are themed from famous actors or singers and they have some cool memorabilia for show.Casino: I really like that the decorations are vibrant pink hue colors and crystals all over the lighting, it is very appealing to me being a very feminine lady. Over the one section of the blackjack tables is called the Pleasure Pit, all it is are go go dancers in pink costumes dancing. Sometimes they look like they're having fun and into it, and some girls look like they want a new job (liven up, ladies!) other than that, your typical updated, run of the mill casino. The cocktail waitresses are going downhill a bit. I could understand if the washed up older ladies worked the day shift, but there were quite a bit of those in the later evening, not to mention quite rude as well.Just like a typical Vegas trip, I was not really in the hotel much, so I did not  have the chance to check out the other facilities.The manager brought my boyfriend and I a complimentary bottle of champagne, which was so sweet and much appreciated.
2	Room is very bland, but big.  It is as if the decorator just gave up halfway through.  We were upgraded to the suite, which in hindsight appears to be a bad decision because the suite size while larger was filled with many crazy angled areas that were not suitable for walking through.  A rounded toilet room had a huge space that had nothing occupying it.  Strange right?  Maybe I can put stadium seating in that space so people can cheer you on while you do your business?  There is a tub AND shower in the bathroom as well, which is nice.  The biggest waste of space was the office.  It was there for me to do business or homework I imagine?  I don't care if not doing my homework at vegas will cause me to flunk out...I will not do homework at vegas.  I think you get kicked out of the city if you do homework there.  So....what is the point of the office?Also, the casino is so dark it feels like the manager is trying to save money on the electric bill.  Also, the water pressure is low in this place.  I think when you flush or turn on water a guy has to spit in the pipes to get things going.  It is as though gravity does not exist in the hotel and water must fight to make its way through the pipes.  Come on water!  You can do it!  Hey....maybe that is what the stadium seating is for in the bathroom....a cheering section for the water pressure.So...in conclusion:1) Crappy decorating (definitely not Hollywood although it had a piece of paper framed on the wall supposedly from some movie I never heard of)2) Wasted space....an office you will never use and stadium seating in the bathroom you shouldn't use.3) Priced way too high for the little you receiveMy recommendations:1) Clean Room?2) Nice to look at Room?3) Cheap Room?4) Located in the heart of the strip?Then choose the Flamingo.  IF you want a room that has the four items listed above and a great view of the fountains...but maybe a bit nicer...then choose Paris.  DO NOT choose Planet Hollywood.
4	Planet Hollywood is, in my opinion, one of the coolest hotels on the strip. It has an awesome casino vibe, plenty of shops, great rooms, and I hear good food although I actually didn't try the food in Planet Hollywood.The casino floor is quite a bit nicer than say Ballys or any of the other older casinos. And I think it has a much better vibe than Paris or Cosmo (next door/across the street). Plenty of tables although usually they're $10 not $5 tables. I found the dealers to be a pretty enjoyable group of people and never had issues. But the hotel's the best part. The rooms are large and the beds are very comfy. Even the standard rooms are quite spacious, but upgrade to the next tier and the rooms are very large with massive bathrooms - bathrooms so big they carpet part of the floor. I stayed at Planet Hollywood a number of times and the only time I had an issue - I got back from work (yes, actually work) at 3am only to find I was locked out of my room due to some issue with the pipes (it affected a couple rooms near me as well). So I had to go downstairs, figure out the issue, go back upstairs, get my stuff, go to some other room all after working for like 20 hours that day. Not happy. When I stayed there the next week, I brought this up and got upgraded. They handled it fairly well I think although it did take some negotiating and stubbornness on my part.
4	Second time staying at this hotel and it was great both times. Rooms are clean, modern. so many restaurants to choose from inside the Miracle Shopping Mall attached to it. Check in and out was a breeze. I love that its in the middle of the strip which in my opinion is a great place to stay when visiting Vegas because you in the middle of everything. If you are considering staying here do so you will thank yourself later.
2	I stayed at the Planet Hollywood from 4-20-14 to 4-23-14.  Overall experience was really between a two and three star.The Highlights.  Excellent Check In service, Excellent Bellmen service, excellent Room service.  The Lowlights.  Tacky solicitors for on sight sales at the front entrance of the Casino and on the main thoroughfare of the Casino floor.  Most guest really despise this.  They also have problems with some table dealers trying to give unsolicited advice on how to play a table game.The rooms seem a bit dated and not in perfect condition. The mattresses are too hard for my taste and the layout of the room is "odd" at best. More updating needs to be done for this hotel.Overall, I don't think this is a 4 star Hotel.......more likely a 3 star.
4	Stayed at Planet Hollywood for the first time this past weekend. Usually stay at Caesars, but decided on a change. We got tired of the inadequate service at Caesars, even though the rooms are great.This hotel is awesome. At first, the hotel Valet was "full". But after we told them we were hotel guests, they immediately took our car.The front desk agent was awesome upon check-in. Being a totals reward member, we get comped standard rooms and sometimes upgraded rooms, but he went above and beyond and upgraded us to a strip-view suite, free of charge. We were originally only staying Friday/Saturday night. So, a great start. The room was really nice. Separate bedroom with huge wall to wall windows overlooking the Cosmo/Bellagio fountains, plus we were able to look down and see the hotel pool and across the way at the Cosmo pool. Beds are super comfy. There bathroom was palatial, almost like a room on it's own. One room with a sink and a dressing area and another room with a shower, tub and another sink/dressing area. Hidden toilet with separate door. I loved the sunken tub which had a massive window over-looking the Cosmo/partial strip. Plus there was a huge flat screen over it in case you didn't want to look out the window. The only negatives about the rooms were that since the pool was right below us, we could hear the music during the afternoon while we were trying to sleep in (so much for sound-proofed windows). Also, there's not that much ventilation in the bathrooms, so when you have to... Ahem... "Go", the smell stays in the bathroom for a while. But other than that, it was a great room. We checked out out on Sunday, then re-checked right back in after deciding to stay another night. Since the suite was no longer available, we were offered a standard strip-view room. It was nowhere as big as the suite, but still very well-appointed and had a nice window with a view of the Bellagio-Fountains. The bed was just as comfortable. It's also nice to see that the sunken tub is offered with all rooms, albeit without the huge window/flat screen tv. The hotel also has a great mall inside of it, if that's your thing. At night, they have great music in the Casino and a younger crowd (20's to mid-30's). Plus for all the guys out there, they have almost-naked women dancing on tables everywhere. (I had a hard time keeping my husbands eyes from roaming). Lots of great restaurants in PH as well.Overall, a wonderful experience at a pretty awesome hotel.
3	I only went onto the casino floor here. Overall the casino looks really nice with a good variety of tables wih there nightclub entrance overlooking the casino floor. The one downfall was that they have dancers on a stage in the middle of the tables. I wasnt sure if the were females or males dressed as females...
5	Here for a speaking engagement so I thought I'd stay right in the center of the strip.  Glad I did.  The Miracle Mall is a gold mine with the ABC store a great source for liquor, toiletries and late night snacks.  A visit to Sin City Brewery is a must - try the Octoberfest!  Great staff there - thanks Joe!  The Blackjack dealers were friendly for the most part.  Unfortunately you will only find 6/5 payout on Blackjack if you are playing the $15 tables.  I moved to the $25 tables for real Blackjack.  Great food choices and the pool area is great to take in some sun.  Will return.Pros:locationstafffood optionsmallCons:expensive comparatively speaking6/5 Blackjack
5	I booked my stay at this resort through Southwest Vacations. I picked this one because of the location. I have been to Vegas several times before and really like the location of Planet Hollywood. We stayed there 4/21 - 4/25. I had not stayed there before or been in any of the rooms. After we booked the trip, I read the reviews on yelp and I was concerned about what the experience would be like. Well, I was extremely satisfied with the resort and very happy with the room. The room had a king sized bed, a soaking tub, separate shower, separate room for the toilet and bidet, and two sinks with ample counter space. The water pressure in the bathroom was strong. The resort fee ($22.40) includes use of the fitness facility and Internet for two devices. The policy recently changed to allow two devices to access the WiFi for each room. Previously, only one device was included in the resort fee. The WiFi was very fast and reliable. The check-in experience was smooth and efficient. We were upgraded to a larger room with an absolutely incredible view of the Strip, Paris, and The Bellagio. The room itself was immaculate. It was clean and there were no fingerprints on windows or other things that people in other reviews mentioned. We used the shower right when we got there and realized that the drain was not working properly in the shower or one of the sinks. I called maintenance about this problem and someone was at our door within 5 minutes! After about 15 minuets working on the problem, the drains were fixed. I have never had such a prompt response time at a hotel before. The bed was very comfortable. Although we were on the Strip side, there was no noise from the street. The housekeeping service was thorough every day. I have no complaints. I found the staff to be very helpful and friendly. I will recommend Planet Hollywood to friends and I will stay here again. I have stayed at the Cosmopolitan twice and the Tropicana once. Planet Hollywood has the best location (the Miracle Mile mall is a big plus!). There is a Walgreen's right next door. The mall has a couple of ABC shops (liquor and souvenirs) and the prices are reasonable. All in all, I was very impressed with the resort. It's like I was staying at a different place than those people who gave very low ratings. I have nothing but good things to say about PH. I wonder if the competition paid them to write those reviews.
3	Planet Hollywood has a Meh-to-OK rating in my book. Since I'm being generous, I'll give them a three star rating. This hotel has some good, some bad, and some ugly. I guess I'll start with the good and go from there. Good:*Middle of the strip location. *Connected to Miracle Mile shops and eateries. *Each room has a different theme. Ours was Star Treck. *Room amenities (bed, TV, bathroom, etc) are middle of the road. Not the best, but not bad either. For as little time as we spent in the room, it worked for us.*Couple of decent pools with Black Jack tables in the pool area. Score! Sun, water, booze and gambling? Can't beat that!*The Casino connected to the hotel was nice. They had a lot of awesome dealers and I really liked that. *Decent prices for the rooms (compared to other hotels that are comparable to PH). *...that's about it on the "good". Bad:*They charge you extra for gym access. Why? I wanted to work out one day to work off all the calories I was consuming, but couldn't justify paying extra for what was probably a small and not impressive gym room.*They charge you extra for WiFi. No wonder my phone's internet barely worked....they probably wanted me to pay extra for WiFi. That didn't happen either. And now the ugly...this is where this hotel gets not so great stars in my book:*Two months prior to our trip -- My party of 8 came here for my boyfriend's sisters birthday. My boyfriend booked four king sized bed rooms two months in advance. He also requested that all four rooms be on the same floor. *One month prior to our trip -- My boyfriend called the hotel to double check that all four rooms will be on the same floor. The staff that answered said that they'll put the request in and it shouldn't be an issue. Awesome. *Day of check in -- Check in is 4pm. We got there at 3:30pm, only to be told that all our rooms won't be on the same floor and that all of the rooms would only have queen sized beds. To get king sized beds, we'd have to pay an extra $50 for an "upgrade" (even though we booked king bed rooms). The staff proceeded to tell us that we didn't get all our requests met because we were checking in "late", even though we were there 30 MINUTES BEFORE CHECK IN! We were floored. Especially since the lady who was helping us was rude beyond belief. She was giving us attitude and wouldn't accommodate us on anything. Hello! We booked our rooms way in advance and got to the hotel before check in. Also, it also took us 45 MINUTES to check in! What! Really? Why? Is checking in four rooms that difficult? It really should only take 15 minutes max. Plus, we saw about six families check in while we were being checked in. Frustrating. *End result -- two couples in our party decided to upgrade and pay the extra $50. The other two parties who didn't upgrade were stuck with two queen sized beds with a shitty view. One couple in our party was put on a separate floor too. The three rooms that were on the same floor weren't remotely close to each other either. *The day after we checked in -- my boyfriend decided to complain about our check in process to a manager. The manager either couldn't, or didn't, defend what had happened. The manager did extend our check out time from 11am to 1pm on the day we were checking out. It was the least he could do, but I don't think it was enough to justify what had happened during check in. All in all, I'd give PH a higher rating since I thought they were a pretty solid hotel. What pissed me off was the whole room situation and checking in. It could have been handled so much better and oh so differently. Because of that, 3 stars only from me for this hotel!Cheers!
2	Good lord. The only good thing about his hotel is the location. I mean it, that's the only good thing. We stayed here for my Bachelorette party, there were 20 of us. Checking in took us 30 minutes. No joke. It was really difficult for us to get 5 rooms on the same floor and have 2 sets of 2 rooms that adjoined. Even though we had requested this from the beginning (booked 4 months in advance) and we checked in on a Thursday (shouldn't have been too busy). When we left the front desk the line was insane! There were only 4 people checking people in and the line had to have been 30 people deep. I felt terrible! We also had to have a rollaway bed in one room. That was $30 a night-insane!The customer service in the casino and the hotel was pretty much non-existent. We asked many times for them to open Blackjack tables for us so we could gamble. Usually our request is granted since we are a bunch of good looking girls who will probably be giving the hotel all of our money-not serious gamblers! But nope, one pit boss directed us to the other pit boss who told us that we had been mistaken and it wasn't possible. They sent us to Paris and Bally's. Do you normally send that many people to gamble elsewhere? Are you dumb?There's no clubs in Planet Hollywood and "Rock Bar" is the most ghetto place I have ever been in my life. Sweet Jesus, I am from Chicago, and that place gives some dive bars I've been to a run for their money. Avoid at all costs!!!!Earl's is good, but the line is always sooooo long. Sugar Factory was pretty good, overpriced of course, just like everything else in Vegas ;) We also ate at Yolo's one night. It was good, not great, the service was sub par-they messed up so many orders.We stayed here mainly because Britney Spears was there and we went to her show. Would I stay here again? No way. Like I said, the location is nice, and that's it. Take your money elsewhere!
4	Rooms are nice, but pretty small.  I DO like the pool here, hence the 4 stars. If you're a guest, you can go for free. And the DJs spinning there aren't bad either. Plus, PH is in the center of the strip.  Very convenient.Also, ceck out the bookelt that comes with your room key.  There's a coupon for 2 for 1 cocktails...that means 2 cocktails for $15.
1	I'm NEVER staying at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino again... I left this morning FIVE HOURS ago and realized I left my favorite dress (that I bought in Australia) was in the closet. I called and I get a "There's no log of a lost item from that room number." So I call back and I get a "check with lost and found" and I get nothing. Then I call the front desk again and at this point I'm crying because there's no f*cking reason they shouldn't have my dress!!!! You are REQUIRED to hold on to it and TRY to get it back to its RIGHTFUL owner. So then I am on hold because the front desk guy who I call said he'll try to find someone who can help me, and eventually the phone reroutes to someone else. She gets me in contact with security so I'm filing a stolen item report. Truth is, the dress isn't worth much in cash but I got it 8000 miles away and I'll never be able to replace it. I'm supposed to go back to this hotel on May 30th for another concert, but knowing they have staff who steals from people? Screw that. It's the principle of it. What if it was a diamond ring or something of more value? You guys are THIEVES and you have shitty people working for you and I'm NOT going back to this hotel. Ever.
3	Pros: Great location, attached to the miracle mile shopping center and it houses Britney until 2015! The staff is nice and the casino isn't bad. There is a decent 21+ pool. Cons: Slowest elevators ever. They charge $25 to use the gym. Keys deactivate pretty easily. Terrible taxi line. Not bad for the price but if you want nicer amenities, look elsewhere!
1	One of the worst hotels I have ever stated at. Dirty, terrible pool, NO WIFI. I would never stay here again and I would recommend that no one stays here.
1	I wouldn't stay at Planet Hollywood again. From the moment me and my three girlfriends arrived I was annoyed. They charged us $16 to check in early, which I've never heard of a hotel doing if they have a room available. Then, when we got to our room it reeked of weed. I called the front desk to complain (it took about 15 minutes to even get through) and they said they couldn't give us another room, but could send someone up to spray it. Well, that never happened. The room smelled like weed all weekend because the room next to us was blowing it into our bathroom vent. We called again to complain Friday night that it was an issue, so the hotel comped our $16 early check in fee (something I feel we shouldn't have been charged in the first place) and sent Security up to look into it. Nevertheless, every night weed blew into our vents and smelled up our room. Planet Hollywood's inability to remedy the situation left a bad taste in my mouth. On top of that, the rooms are really so-so, almost outdated even. I was surprised that they didn't have iPod docks as most hotels do these days. Another thing that was super annoying was how bad the water pressure was in the shower, it was so light that my showers weren't even pleasant. All the water pressure went to the sink faucet instead, causing water to splash everywhere every time you turned it on.  I've stayed in a lot of hotels in Vegas over the past 14 years (Wynn, MGM, Paris, Hard Rock) and this is by far the worst room I've stayed in. There are better hotels for the same price or less. All Planet Hollywood has going for it is a great location on the strip.
2	This place was over priced given it's age, lack of updating. Everything was worn, slightly dirty/worn/torn state. However, since the majority of the crowd was 20-30years old and just drunk or looking for a hookup, I don't think the average customer minded. The upholstery in the lounge was torn, the elevators dirty, the furniture in the rooms missing doors and peeling off etc. you can do much better for the price range. The buffet was ok, even though our waiter was overly friendly In a creeper kind of way. We were here for a convention but should have moved to another hotel after the conference. My friend had a suite and there was no bathroom door to the shower area...only the toilet room had a door. Besides the privacy issue, the bathroom window flooded the bedroom area with lights from the strip. It had an awesome view, but made it difficult to sleep well she said. Our garage roof view at least meant the room was dark at night. We were across from the elevator, which meant we were awaken many times each night by happy, very drunk people about to get lucky. Will not stay here again.
1	I wouldn't stay at Planet Hollywood again nor would I recommend anyone to stay there. From the second we arrived to the hotel, service was slow. We waited for valet and for a bellboy to come get our belongings. When I got to the front desk to check in the lady told me they didn't have anymore 2 queen size beds available but had a king size available, (yea with four girls, sure), I paid for TWO QUEENS !! The lady finally found one and, after she did they had the nerve to charge us $16 to check in early, which I've never heard of a hotel doing if they have a room available. I've stayed at 5 star hotels and NEVER been charged for an "early check in." As soon as my friends and I walked into our room it reeked of weed. We called the front desk to complain (it took about 15 minutes to even get through) and they said they couldn't give us another room, (which they could've because the lady at the first desk asked us if we wanted to upgrade) they also said they would send someone up to spray. Well, that never happened! The room smelled like weed all weekend because the room next to us was blowing it into our bathroom vent. We called again to complain Friday night that it was an issue, so the hotel comped our $16 early check in fee (something I feel we shouldn't have been charged in the first place) and sent Security up to look into it. Nevertheless, every night weed blew into our vents and smelled up our room. Planet Hollywood's inability to remedy the situation left a bad taste in my mouth. On top of that, the rooms are really small, almost outdated even. I've stayed in a lot of hotels in Vegas over the years, from 5 stars to 3 stars and this is by far the worst room I've stayed in. The only thing PH has going for them is Britney Spears!! The star is for Britney Spears.
4	First time in Vegas and I stayed here. Decent room loved the set up of the gambling floor. Awesome restaurants and friendly staff. I would come here again.
5	Even though I have never stayed at Planet Hollywood, I absolutely love this casino. This is my favorite place to gamble. I also love that they have a Fat Tuesday around. Oh and they now have the QUEEN of POP Britney doing her own show. This place is WINNING!
2	My Wife and I spent 4 days, 3 nights... Room was nice and quiet. Casino was average. The staff, for the most part was courteous, with the exception of the Helpdesk attendant who was rude when we needed help connecting to WiFi. I would rather spend my time and money at the Bellagio or Mandalay Bay, the are MUCH nicer.Won't be back.. It's no worth it.
1	Booked a night at Planet Hollywood to watch Britney's Piece of me with my best friend.Paid $180 and change plus tax. And $20. Something for resort fee( which we did not use anything in the resort) $200+ for one night of stay only to find out they have put us into the corner of the corner of their hotel. The sidekick room of the suite!! And on top of that  the water pressure for the shower felt like I was showering in a 3rd world country... My suggestion for everyone is this. If you don't have to stay here. Book else where. Totally not worth the $$$
3	This was our home away from home while we were in Vegas. We came for the Britney Spears show, and it was really nice to be able to walk down and then come back without having to drive or take a taxi. I got a suite upgrade upon check-in. We were there for a sort of whirlwind weekend, and so spent an entire day here in the resort without ever having to leave. There are so many stores and restaurants that you can walk around forever and never see daylight. The rooms were relatively comfortable, and we enjoyed the upgrade on the suite we got. This wouldn't be the first place I thought of as romantic, but we went with a group of friends, and part of this weekend was to celebrate that I got engaged. The rest was my friends' birthdays. I did tell them I was there for a romantic weekend, so I imagine that's why I got the big sexy tub and the Showgirls themed decor. It was fun and ridiculous. I do have a couple of complaints. Obviously, this being Vegas, there is debauchery happening at all hours in the hall, and you are going to hear that. People running down the halls and yelling at each other isn't unusual. We might have contributed to that noise with our pre-going out, getting ready parties, so I can't hate on that too much. But that brings me to my next point. It's fairly common for hotels to have some kind of speakers where you can hook up a phone or laptop to listen to music. Planet Hollywood only has a basic clock radio with no AV hookups. We also couldn't hook anything up to the TV. That would be a really basic upgrade that would infinitely add to the comfort of the rooms.  We were required to pay a "resort fee" for $22 a day that includes one device per day internet and two gym passes. We did not use the gym, and would've preferred to pay the $13 (still steep) for internet instead, but we were told it was mandatory. The cell service for both Verizon and AT&T were really awful in all of our rooms, and the conspiracy theorist in me feels like they throttle it some way so that you'll buy the internet. I had a really difficult time accessing data or getting texts in the hotel, and then once we hit the Casino and Miracle Mile, it was at full strength. On Sunday, the pool had a DJ spinning, and there was fun in the air. But it was also really loud. Like difficult to hear each other talking even though we were on the other side of the pool. Most people didn't seem to have a problem, because people were mostly just sunbathing. The service was good, and the servers came by several times to check on us. It was definite Vegas experience, and we enjoyed every boozy minute of our celebratory weekend. It's not the classiest place, but if you're looking for an easy, very stereotypically Vegas experience, this one is convenient and right in the middle of the action.
3	Stayed here for 3 nights due to a free room offer received in the mail. The room was just standard, Nothing special, and there was a broken lamp. Also the TV was messing up. As far as the casino itself, it clearly caters to the 30 and under party crowd. The one highlight for me was the Miracle Mile shops. So three stars for that alone. Overall I don't see myself staying here again.
1	I had the worst experience staying in this hotel. First, upon arrival, in the checkin in valet area, nobody even bothered to help us. We had so much luggage and i have to get the bellman for help, they were too late, my poor hubby already got our heavy luggages on his own. 2. Front desk- the person who checked us in doesnt seem friendly and accommodating. He placed us in a "non-smoking room" but unfortunately the room smells like smoke3. We are going up to our room and reached the 15th floor. We could smell cigarette smoke everywhere. Upon arrival to the room, the room smelled like a mixture of cleaning product and cigarette smoke. I was upset because all we thought is they are putting us in a non smoking room. I complained and asked to be moved. The front desk said theres no available non smoking room that they can offer. I was fuming mad because i cant stand inhaling the cigarette smoke in the room so I went down to talk to the supervisor. The supervisor did not even seem apologetic and instead became defensive saying. Those rooms are non smoking room. But people can smoke in the hallway. We saw cigarette butts in the carpet and 2 ashtrays close to the elevator. I complained about the A/C vent smells like cigarette smoke as well and they said they cannot do anything about it. I wanted to get a refund and leave. I cannot stand staying in this hotel with such bad service and rooms that smell like cigarette smoke! (Non smoking they said) with all the commotions of going back and forth and getting too upset i had bleeding so i have no choice but to calm down and stay there for a night and decided to leave the next day. What we found out is several customers also complained about the same issue. The hotel management was NOT apologetic and said different reasons such as vent issues etc. I finally get to talk to their manager named Roberto and accused my dad of videotaping him. He is so paranoid. My dad is not even on the video and just browsing over the pictures we got from the room that we are complaining about. He seemed very defensive and again NOT APOLOGETIC! 4. Housekeeping- it took 1 hour to get our request for extra towels. We called 3-4 times! Such a slow service.I am warning all of you. This place sucks! They give the worst service, worst experience... All they will give you is problems. If you want to have a better experience go to Aria! Or any other hotels than this hotel. It will just give you problems. Never book in this hotel!!!'
1	DISCLAIMER:  This review is for the POOL only.  I did NOT stay at the hotel or anything else.  I just visited the pool here.  That being said.....I was out drinking til about 10a.m. the night before.  My friends and I woke up around 3pm to chill out at the pool.  I felt like death.  All I wanted was a nice pool to lay out at and a sweet cabana to chill in.  Luckily, even though we arrived late to our cabana reservation, they gave everyone the cabanas for free.  I thought, WOW what a start to the day.  THen I enter the seating area and notice it looks extremely dead and not nearly as nice as lets say Marquee's pool.  THEN, I go to sit down on the cabana couch and I instantly get a Charlie horse in my butt.  The cabana couch was so outdated, crusty and old and not to mention had NOOOO cushioning to it.  It was like sitting on concrete.  I tried to convince my friends to leave and pay for a real cabana but they weren't down to move so we took a slightly more comfortable seat on a chaise type couch in the sun.  They need to seriously renovate their pool cuz compared to the rest it is god awful!!!
4	The hotel was very nice. They checked us in quickly & was very nice at the front desk. We requested a fridge and got one right away. Would have been nice if there was a coffee maker & a microwave in the room. Anyway, the casino was ok. It was clean & not to smokey. While there, we ate at Earl of Sandwich several times because it was quick and cheap and good. There was one girl there that had a bit of attitude, but it was my last night there, so I didn't care. We stayed there because we were going to see Britney!  We got upgraded to the front of the stage!  Thank you for that cause it was awesome!!  I would stay there again.
5	I love Planet Hollywood! I stayed here my first Vegas trip and had a great experience. I didn't have any problems with the costoner service and the staff were accommodating and great! The location of Planet Hollywood can't be beat because you're centrally located right in the middle of the strip so you can practically walk to any place on the strip. I like the feel of Planet Hollywood a lot- the decor is nice and our room was spacious and great! The Miracle Mile shops has got some nice stores as well! Planet Hollywood also has some nice places to eat- like the eateries in Miracle Mile and their buffet. Their buffet was great! Another plus is that you can watch the Bellagio fountain show from the hotel- I sure did! I got a good view of the fountain and you could hear the music too! Overall, I think Planet Hollywood is a great hotel and would recommend it to anyone because it's very affordable too!
2	Well, another hotel in Vegas down. Will I return? No. The rates were totally inflated and I'm sure that there was probably an event there this past weekend as well as a Canadian holiday however, totally not worth it. We were there for 4 nights. Blaring Britney Spears was enough to kill me - all weekend long in all the common areas. We went to 2 restaurants, 1 club and the gym here - as well as the Starbucks. Underwhelmed is all I have to say. And lets not forget the pool - full of garbage, murky as a milkshake and generally lacking any cleanliness on the entire rooftop scenario. Garbage, human hair and fluids everywhere - disgusting. The pool actually glowed ORANGE at night it was so dirty. Like another reviewer said - feels like you're in a parking lot. The gym was in the spa area and only open until 7pm. Equipment was old and looked like something my grandpa would've built in his own basement - the photos online are NOT what their gym actually looks like, do not be fooled. At Koi nightclub we got bottle service and had the equivalent of rocket fuel served to us - we were both very sick from the poor quality vodka - I can't remember if we were offered anything of a decent quality......we gave 1/2 of our bottle away to strangers. Rooms were relatively clean, but our $70 per night upgrade got us a minute view of the pool and the bulk of the view was their rooftop satellites (we were on the 9th floor).All this glory for about $250 per night. Decent location - would never stay there again.We were told we would have complimentary wifi - it was $14 per day!!Someone's POOPED IN sheets were sitting in the hallway all morning. Elevators took at least 5-10 minutes at any time of day other than around 8am.
3	Regular rooms. Not much to complain about. The self parking is kind of far so keep this in mind when you decide to valet or not. I really do like that Fat Tuesday and earls is here. Be sure to check out the miracle miles shops. Convenient location.
2	You enter Planet Hollywood through a very modern-looking lobby, but don't expect that style or modernity to be found elsewhere in the hotel.  Our room was clean, but the armoire that housed the TV and the ironing board had a gaping spot where a mini fridge used to be/should have been. There was obvious wear and tear on the furniture and the door (who wants to stay in a hotel room that looks beat up?) The fixtures in the bathroom were leftover from the days when the hotel was the Aladdin (the shower faucet even said 'Aladdin' on it!) Our phone didn't work - they sent one guy up to inspect it and said they would send another to replace it, but never did. They also forgot to take our credit card at check-in, which meant that we couldn't charge anything to our rooms for the first day/night. There were loud mechanical noises going on throughout the second night making it difficult to sleep (plus we could loudly hear the shower and bathroom noises from the adjacent rooms). Service at the pool (we paid for a daybed in the 21-over section) was lacking, and the spa, while great service, felt very old and out of date (and was still reminiscent of the Aladdin days). I wouldn't stay here again.
2	I stayed there this weekend May 16- May 19th and received the worst service I have ever received. I'm in the customer service industry and this place is lacking many many practices.The first night I arrived to find that the room I booked and the room I was getting were not the same I received a resort room with one king size bed for 3 people. There was no rooms available with 2 beds and I was given no other option but to wait until the next day. They could not even provide me with a cot! The next day I called in the morning to see when my next room would be available I was told it would be by 1230. Come 1230 it is still not available and I am told that they don't know when it would be available because a diamond member was staying in it. 2pm checked again nothing 3pm nothing 4pm they finally had it available but would not release the room keys to the persons I had listed that were also staying in the room. They told that person that I had not added them as occupants which he had clearly seen me do the first night. Finally we get in our room with 2 queen size beds (in what they called their resort room). In the new room the bathroom smelled like sewage constantly. In both rooms there was no refrigerator.  Housekeeping did not make the  bed because there was a suitcase next to it. There was no free wifi. (That's a big deal nowadays guys and a pretty standard practice) All in all no one was helpful. No one could provide me with better options for my inconvenience. And the staff lacked friendliness, eye contact, and problem solving skills. At 350 a night I could have gone anywhere else fairly comparable and next time I will.  The only plus was the size of the bathroom was great and the miracle mile shops are attached.
2	After reading a number of the yelp reviews before my stay I was very worried about what we might get as people seem to either love or hate their stay here. I went down to LV for 5 nights on a girls trip and we had reserved two rooms. We had requested adjoining rooms, which for some reason they were unable to accommodate (as one of our rooms had a door to adjoin to it's neighbour (who checked out the day after we arrived). That wasn't a big deal because we were on the same floor so it was fine. As other reviews have said, there is often a long line when you arrive for check in, so be prepared to wait. Though as we walked the strip and checked out other hotels there also appeared to be long line ups to check in (and for cabs too!). Customer service was a bit lacking - and sometimes there representatives were just plain unhelpful - I would expect more from a town that basically runs on customer service. Rooms: They rooms were fine. We had reserved the standard room with 2 queen beds. Great size (especially for 3 ladies with suitcases) and the bathrooms were a good size as well with lots of counter space. There is no mini fridge or coffee maker in the rooms - those are an extra charge. WiFi is a total pain at the hotel - and only includes one device per room though we were told they are in the process of changing their policy to include 2 devices per room. The Pool: The pool area is fine. Can be quite busy on the weekend, but not a terribly relaxing pool area. Seems like a bit of a wasted opportunity especially when compared with other hotels. There are two small pools on either side of the area (one is 21+) and there is this massive cement area with lots of loungers set up between them. There is no shade and no landscaping to add any ambiance. If you want to lounge by the pool and relax go elsewhere. If you want to party with a bunch of frat kids you might be happy.  Overall: I would stay at PH again if I got a great deal (our average price was ~$120 night) though would prefer to pay a bit more and stay elsewhere on the strip.
4	After checking out of the biggest nightmare of my life ( The QUAD which is NOT renovated). We checked in to Planet Hollywood which was amazing as always. So clean, the beds are so conformable , the service is great. They have us a late check out for free because of our horrible experience at the other hotel.The casino is great and the location is great. Take advantage of the PF Changs happy hr specials its defiantly worth it. The room service was  great and they have the late night option you can order anytime of the day or night. I highly recommend it!
2	Slow service and understaffed, Planet Hollywood is running on west coast time. Sub par amenities. The rooms were dismal.
5	I had my wallet taken during my stay and was in a state of panic this morning when I only had $1 to my name and 2 hrs til my flight. To the awesome gentleman working at the luggage check out front: I didn't catch your name, but the $5 you pulled out of your own pocket changed the course of my luck...right after you gave ne the money, I ran into a couple people taking the same flight home, and all I needed to get to the airport was exactly $5 since we split the cab fare. You saved me from missing my flight. Thank you - it was refreshing to be touched with a stranger's kindness, and I will make sure to find you when I'm back next month.  I've always liked this hotel, but you've officially made me a lifelong fan. Thanks again!
1	The worst experience ever. My friend booked this hotel for her birthday weekend. We arrive, with a reservation of two queen beds and we received one. They holed us up in a ADA room. Basically refused to do anything about it or even apologize for the change. No mini fridgeTook over an hour to get a cotLots of attitude from the staff and managersWater wouldn't drain in the tub, so you end up showering in a few inches of water by the time you are done. Do not stay here! For what we paid, you should get top notch service and the room you reserved? Right?
1	My friend and I went to Planet Hollywood expecting good things. We were unpleasantly surprised.  When we checked in, Miles did not bother to mention the 2 queen room we booked was unavailable for the night. We had to lug our stuff all the way to our room before we saw that we were stuck in a king room. We had to lug our stuff back down because the phone didn't work in the room, and we couldn't call the front desk. When we walked back down, Miles assured us we could move the next day, but we were stuck in the king for the night. I asked for a rollaway. He said they were sold out. Knowing Miles wasn't good for much, I spoke with Royce. He was friendly, but also said the queen rooms were sold out. Royce checked, but found no history that we were supposed to be moved to a better room the next day. He did notate it, however, and get me a rollaway. Sold out, huh? Guess not!Got a queen room the next day: vomit on the door, hair dryer broken, remote didn't work, leak in the bathroom, broken shower head and chipped furniture. Redeeming factors: Royce & Techa at the front desk were stellar, & the housekeeping staff was friendly (although didn't seem to notice the vomit on the door?!?). The casino was also very nice. You're paying for location at PH. That is all. The rooms are gross (the two I've seen).  If you're going for Vegas to relax in your room at any point, stay elsewhere.
1	The worst hotel experience ever. I will write a longer review later about my horrible experience. I DO NOT recommend this hotel at all. DO NOT stay here.
4	I'm actually shocked by all the terrible reviews Planet Hollywood seems to have received - we had a wonderful experience here!  We came with two other couples specifically to see Britney Spears and were pleasantly surprised with how great the hotel was.  The staff was all really helpful and friendly, we checked right in and found there was so much to offer right in our area.  The restaurants are all amazing inside, the shops are great and it certainly helped that Brit's concert was right downstairs!  She was pretty much ALL over the hotel so it made the experience that much more fun for my girlfriends and I. We stayed in February, but was shocked at how warm is was even then so it was really convenient having tons of stores in our hotel allowing us to purchase tank tops and sundresses so we'd be comfortable walking the strip!The room itself was really nice and clean, bed was super comfortable and the bathroom was gorgeous!  Seems like a funny thing to say, but as a girl spending 5 days in Vegas, you want a nice bathroom to get all dolled up in!  It was also super affordable which is obviously a plus!  Getting cabs were a breeze too because the staff was all so helpful.I'm looking forward to trying out other hotels next time we head to Vegas, but I would definitely stay here again!
2	good location and mid-low priced but i wouldn't come here. it's a refurbished/reskinned aladdin and they didn't put much effort into making it NOT aladdin. The rooms have a crazy weird layout.. a standard double queen room have the beds facing the tv.. that makes sense. Upgrade to a double queen suite for more space and a bigger bathroom and you have the two beds face the window that overlooks the pool/strip.. and the tv is off to the side. Ok so who cares about tv when you're in vegas, right? But still, it's a dumb floorplan. Not to mention, the tv unit is also the closet/dresser drawer unit. wth? LOL. okaaay. I would imagine the closet area should be near the bathroom, but whatever. wifi and internet is $20 a day. toiletries are generic crap. the miracle mile shops that are attached to the hotel are crap stores that you can find in any low end mall. fitting as the high end mall is across the street at Crystals anyway. The crowd here is perfect for the location, and for the star headliner of the ph Axis.. but i personally would avoid this crowd at all costs. i won't be back again.
4	I think this place lives up to it's 4 star rating! Yes, it's not as frilly as the 5 star reviews, but it's definitely nicer than some 4 star resorts that I've stayed at in Vegas (cough, cough, Monte Carlo). Everything looked very new. They have great quick food choices in the lobby and mall area. I asked for a room upgrade, and got a strip view for FREE! The pool isn't amazing..its just a huge slab of concrete with 2 pools on either side. Not much room to sit by the pools. I do love that they have poolside gambling. We played poker and black jack and got premium drinks for free (while gambling) for hours.The biggest negative - parking lot was SOOO far! All in all, if you're looking for a place to stay comfortably, but not spend all your time in, this is a good option.
4	It was a very nice hotel and I enjoyed my stay. The room was very nice with a huge standup shower and large tub.
2	We stayed over the Memorial Day Weekend holiday, and I have to say, I was less than impressed with the overall experience.Check in- while slow, was friendly- I wish I could remember the girl's name who checked us in, but she was really sweet; she took note of the fact that I am 6 months pregnant and made sure that we were on a high floor, facing away from the strip where she said the room would be quieter. Room- it's just OK. There was a broken drawer in the tv case/vanity that was fixed about 10 minutes after we arrived by an engineer (maybe they should have these things fixed before they check people into the rooms? I know hotels, having worked in them for years- you can put a room "out of order" if something needs to be fixed). He was pleasant, and it was fixed quickly, but it was a bit awkward. The bed was comfy, we had enough space for the two of us. The bathroom was ehhh... minimal water pressure in the shower coming out of a shower head that has to have been there since the Aladdin days. WiFi- the note that is given on check in informs you of what you get by paying the "resort fee". Yet, when you go to sign on to the WiFi, it tells you that you will be charged (there is no note that one device is complimentary). Trying to get ahold of someone in this hotel to ask whether it will truly be complimentary is like trying to get ahold of God. Impossible. We tried for two days to call the Front Desk at all different times of the day, and finally reached someone who confirmed that yes, one device was complimentary. Once we got it, it was slower than molasses in January. Time to update!Housekeeping- nice, prompt, friendly when we passed them in the hall on our way out for breakfast. She asked what room we were in, and said she would clean our room next, so that it was done by the time we got back. I appreciated that! It would have been nice if they had emptied the water out of the ice bucket and replaced the bag though.Casino- UGH. SO UNIMPRESSIVE. Restaurants- We ate at Burgr, the food was pretty mediocre. Pool- Where do I begin? Band aids on the ground, outdated lounge chairs (what is up with the "No Man's Land" in between the two pools?) and NO COCKTAIL SERVICE unless you happen to get lucky and get a place by the pool. Come on, PH- it's Memorial Day Weekend. Every single cab driver and person we talked to said that it's one of your busiest weekends of the year. I might not be drinking alcohol, but I would have ordered at least one or two of your $12 bottles of water and probably some food had someone come by. The entire 2-3 hours that I sat there, not one single cocktail waitress even came close to me, and the chairs where I was sitting (in No Man's Land) were PACKED. It's hotter than Hades in that area, and no umbrellas, so you should be able to deduce that that will make people THIRSTY. This means $$ for you. It's not hard to figure out.It's a great location, nice and centrally located, but I wish we had shelled out a little bit more money and stayed some place a little nicer. I'll never stay here again.
1	I didn't like this hotel.  Service was poor.  Hotel uses deceptive practices.  I was told at check-in that I could use the $25.00 food credit at any restaurant inside the hotel and just to have the bill charged to my room.  When I checked out I was told that the $25.00 food credit wasn't good for the restaurant I chose.  I noticed other deceptive practices as well with regard to the resort fee.  I wouldn't recommend this hotel.  If you decide to stay just be aware they will try to get every penny from you that they can and will use deceptive practices to get it.
1	Horrible room service food, bad attitude from front desk and the carpets and whole floor is dirty good if your in high school.
1	Worst place ever! First, this hotel changes you extra for everything ! You want a fridge? Extra you want an early check in? EXTRA! Late check out? extra! Not to mention room service is a rip off, not only do they add gratuity but they charge an extra 5$ service charge! So a 20$ meal ends up being 30$. I will never stay at this hotel again.
4	Planet Hollywood has to be one of the best hotel's to stay on the LV Strip !!!Diagonally opposite from Bellagio fountain and next to Paris.... Equidistant from Hotels and Casinos on both sides.... not as pricey as Bellagio and fantastic ambience... They have good options for lunch/dinner and casino is also pretty nice !!!I visited Planet Hollywood during Thanksgiving in 2013... Have already planned next booking to LV and guess what i am staying at Planet Hollywood :-)
1	You pay for the central strip location, not for service or decent rooms.We got a deal through a 3rd party site, so that was the only reason we chose to stay here. When checking in, the guy helping us told us we had a $25 food/bev credit for the trip, and when we asked him if it was each day and where we could use it he excused himself to ask someone and then came back to tell us it was each day, and we could use it anywhere. We just had to charge it to the room and they would apply the credit. He also said there was a resort fee (there always is) that includes internet and the gym. We however learned you, again, had to charge these things to the room and then they would apply the credit. The internet is only for one device, and didn't work majority of the time.Our room had a beautiful view of the roof, literally 6 inches from the bottom of our window. We couldn't even see beyond the roof. The bathroom had this weird double door that didn't close/lock/shut at all. The room was themed (ours was Fifth Element), which meant there were a bunch of pictures from the movie hung up instead of tacky hotel paintings, and there were "props" from the movie on display in the corner. The props were not cool, neat, or deserving of the amount of space they took up in the room to display.Our bathroom was gross and outdated, the lights in the bathroom would go out if you plugged in anything to the bathroom socket (no joke, the girlfriend plugged in the blow dryer and the lights went out). We had to reset the plug but was still quite humorous. Our iron didn't heat beyond luke warm, and our telephone on the desk in the room didn't work. Thank god there was a second one. We had to call down for turn down service because we were never up and out of the room by 8 am, when the housekeeping attendants would come by. We didn't even find the "Do Not Disturb" sign until the last day (it was tucked behind some promotional junk on the door).The TV in the room promised movies, services, and express checkout. The promotional junk they give you with your key even had channels listed with information on restaurants, concerts, and all the nightlife. Too bad the TVs only had low def feeds of 12 channels (CNN, ESPN, ABC, NBC, CBS, FOX, TBS, Telemundo are the only ones i can remember). Any channel over 13 was met with a loud high pitch beep that sounded like a smoke alarm. The Menu button did nothing, and ultimately you were left watching fuzzy garbage in between going out and getting ready.The pool had potential but is simply a large slab area with two pools, one family friendly and one 21+ with a DJ. The DJ is set up right next to a handful of chairs and daybeds and is deafening. The pools are no bigger than the standard community pool. All the seating around the pool is by rental only ($60 a day for the daybeds). The rest of the chairs are out of sight, in the sun, and I'm not confident enough to say they would have been a good place to leave anything since I didn't see ANY security. No outside drinks, by the way, so make sure you chug your complimentary cocktails you just got downstairs and find a place to ditch the glass, because you will be sent away.The daybeds were $60 and we were told that they were yours for the day. The daybeds were covered in bird crud and not very nice, but they did have an umbrella and a side table and were in sight of the pool. For that reason alone we got one for the day. When we decided to go eat lunch we asked if we had to do anything, or if when we came back we would need to get a new bed. The guy reassured us that the bed we had picked and been on would be ours all day. Not 2 hours later we got back and the bed was not only being used, but all the beds were now taken. We asked the new guy there to help us and he told us to go ask if they had their wristband (their only way of decyphering who paid and who didn't). Apparently this was our job now. We made a stink about it and all they did was find us a pair of chairs right next to the DJs speaker and said "There you go". So much for customer service.Upon checkout, we found out the places we used our credits didn't work for the credit, and were handed a list of places we could use it. Where the heck was this when we checked in?! They said they would take it off, and then still charged us for it all. We had to call it in, and are still awaiting our refund they recently promised us.Never, never, never ever ever again will I stay at this dump hole. They put no money, charm or class behind their hotel that they put into their casino. Not family-friendly or family oriented. If you're there to get trashed and need a room to sleep in (not bathe or hangout by the pool at) just sleep this is a great place for you. But if you need to spend more than 5 minutes in the room, you are wasting every penny on this dump.
4	Love this hotel!!! Stayed in the "Forest Gump" room. It had memorabilia from the movie and a great view of the Eiffel Tower. I love gambling here  as well at the Pleasure Pit.  Overall this is an awesome hotel/casino.  I recommend checking this place out!  The only thing I don't like is that they recently started charging a resort fee. But, I still love this place...
2	Good: Location!!! This hotel is in the center of the action and close to tons of great restaurants and shopping. Hard to beat the location for the price we paid. The rooms are also pretty spacious as are the bathrooms. The casino was great - definitely a younger/wilder crowd which was just fine by us but keep that in mind if you're not looking for that. We also ate at a lot of the restaurants inside PH - Yolo's, Planet Dailies, Koi, and Spice Market Buffet. Koi was DELICIOUS as was the buffet. Planet Dailies wasn't too bad either. Yolo's...I probably won't go back.Bad: We had two rooms adjoined, and both were kind of dumpy and outdated. One of the rooms' bathrooms (room #788 to be exact!) smelled like sewage the entire time we were there. Like an unbearable sewage smell that literally made us gag when we had to use the bathroom. I called three times to have someone look at it but not sure if they ever actually did. It was really disgusting. Also not one but BOTH of the safes in our two rooms didn't work. Lastly housekeeping left A LOT to be desired. One of the days they cleaned our rooms, out of four beds they only made one of them. It was bizarre. They left all trash and empty bottles, food containers, etc. and didn't throw any of it away the entire four days/three nights we were there. We ended up piling it all on a room service tray and setting it outside our room the last night just to get it out of there. Really terrible service. OH and I can't forget the pool! Pretty small and an odd setup (but my crew and I still had a blast regardless). I HIGHLY recommend reserving a cabana or at least a daybed if you plan on using the pool. We did a cabana for around $600 for the entire day + a bottle and some mixers. It was worth it to have a decent amount of space for our group and also plenty of shade when we needed it, but the service was pretty terrible the entire day. I think it took about an hour for them to bring one of our drink orders; the servers just seemed generally confused. Also the cabanas all look about five years overdue for an update. They could use a MAJOR facelift.All said and done, I probably would stay here again but only if I got a good deal on our rooms like I did this time. I would never pay regular price for a room here; plenty of much nicer places on the strip to get your money's worth. Pretty much got what we paid for on this trip - luckily it's VEGAS so we were out and about not spending much time in our room anyway!
1	This review is based on hotel service and MANAGEMENT only (Manager Roberto and Pool Manager Chris) My brother, fiance, a friend, and I decided to stay at PH because my brother had a few free comped nights. We were there for 5 days (wed-mon) and was charged roughly $650. Pretty good deal we thought.The day that we checked out (Monday), the bill came to $1500. Um, what?We knew we messed up by using the wifi (13.99 per DEVICE), but there was no way it was going to be an additional $700 for wifi. When we went through the bill, we saw that there was a "Pool Bar" charge. We had NO idea what that was or what that meant. We went back to the front desk where Cecile helped us out.She said the charge was from getting drinks at their pool. UM, what x 2??We asked her what day was this because we only went to their pool ONCE on Thursday for like 30 mins and we never EVER went to the bar, just went there to tan. My brother had to work on the weekdays so he never even been to the pool. He had to work from the room. She told us it was on Friday. UM WHAT x 3?!?!Cecile then told us she was going to call the pool and will get back to us when she talks to them. We left to the Miracle mall and received a call from Cecile 30 mins later. Came back to the front desk and she tells us, "They said it was YOU, you were at the pool and they remember you." Excuse me? Who is THEY?? Then she goes and ask, well maybe it was one of your friends who went. WTF? Definitely frustrated, she told us to step to the side and that she will have the manager come talk to us.20 minutes pass and ROBERTO comes out from the back. There was another upset guest in front of us so Roberto was "helping" him first. Observing from the side, it was obvious that Roberto was one of those type of managers that was not willing to help you or hear you out. He even called security on the other upset guest. Whatever.When it came to our turn, we explained to him why we were there. He did not make eye contact, just kept looking around and just basically NOT listening to us. We told him that Friday, NONE of us ever stepped into the pool. My fiance, friend and I were at Drais from 11am-3pm (where my fiance actually got HURT and we had to go to the hospital for him to get stitches. So we have proof that we werent there). My brother who was working in the room, had problems with the wifi, so he called for guest services around 11:30am and tech support came to the room around 330. He then left to go gamble downstairs from 4-6pm. The "POOL BAR" bill said that my brother was drinking it up from 12:35pm-5:20pm. THERE was NO WAY we were there.After pointing this out and asking them to check the security camera and ALSO my brothers player card (since he was gambling during the time), Roberto then says he will have to call the Pool Manager to come down to talk to us.We stood at the front desk for literally 1 hour. Roberto would pop his head out from the back room from time to time and ask if the pool manager came yet. Uh, no. FINALLY, a guy wearing a blue polo shirt steps out. He looks at us and so we ask,  are YOU the pool manager? He says yes. So this is CHRIS, the "pool manager". Having to tell him AGAIN what our situation was, he seemed a little bit more sympathetic. He looks at the bill and tells us, "wow, the bill was $500 and there was already an automatic $80 gratuity, but then there was an addtional $120 tip, that does look very sketchy. It makes me question if my employees are checking ID." In our heads we're like THANK GOODNESS someone understands. COMPLETELY WRONG.He then proceeds to say, "But these 2 servers are my best servers and they're good people so I can't see them doing that". WTF? He then tells us hold on and goes back to where Roberto is. We can see the back door from here and for some reason they decided to close it.5 minutes later they both come out and tells us, "Sorry, there's nothing we can do about this now. You have to just dispute it with your credit card." My brother then asked if he can get a copy of the pool bar receipt to see who signed it and Chris said they can't do that. He then leaves and tells my fiance "hope you're doing better". WTF.Roberto then tells us again, they can't do anything about this now and that we have to dispute the charges. He grabs our bill and then tells us, "oh but let me remove some of this wifi charges for you." Ok, thanks for removing the wifi charges, but you can't remove the POOL BAR charge?!? Complete BS.I've never been so frustrated in my life. They have security cameras, they can call the players card to check the times my brother gambled, they can call guest service to verify my brother called for help with the wifi, etc, but NOPE. WORST service ever and we will NEVER EVER stay here again.
5	We spent my birthday here last year and we can't stop thinking about what a great time we had! Planet Hollywood came through with flying colors in location, service, food, room cleanliness, amenities, and room view! They are located right where all of the action is! Right smack dab in the heart of the strip, across the way from the gorgeous Bellagio lake and fountain show, also connected to the miracle mile shops, a hop and skip a way from the Paris hotel and casino and right across the walking bridge from the swanky Cosmopolitan and The Aria.They are also very pet friendly. We were greeted in our bedroom with 2 goodie bags filled with organic treats, doggy bags and bowls for both of our dogs. They also have a little dog grass area adjacent to the valet and casino entrance.I loved the clean and large soaking tub in our room and the bed was absolutely comfortable. We spent one whole day of our vacation in bed! The Bellagio fountain view from our room was also perfect. We enjoyed over a handful of water shows day and night in our room.We also enjoyed being able to grab super late night food right downstairs at the Earl of Sandwich or walk across the bridge over to The Cosmopolitan to grab some famous Secret Pizza. There is also a 24 hour Starbucks on site (necessary!) We also tried the Spice Market Buffet with our dining credit, but it didn't impress us. I found myself with several plates stacked high with crab legs, lemon, butter, and that was pretty much the highlight of my dinner. During the day, the air conditioned Miracle Mile Shops connected to the Planet Hollywood is always a great escape when you want to stay out of the sun and get away from the heat. There are a number of shops and restaurants in there. Yes, they aren't as new as the cosmo or as fresh as the other casinos, but I won't deny that they exceeded our expectations in world class service and cleanliness. A huge step above our experience at the Paris hotel and casino.
2	Good casino but a bad hotel.   Hotel needs a makeover with its rooms showing age.  The advantage to Planet is the casino which is always busy and you seem to have some luck or at least some fun. Food choices are good with Ramsey Burger and of course the buffet is hopping.  If your not a upgraded player than be prepared to wait in line at buffet solely do to lack of speed from cashiers.  Never too full if they would just go faster and maybe slap the crap out of tourists that stand there for fifteen asking questions. ......its a buffet! !! Thankfully I have the upgraded club card to bypass this hell.   Location is central with walking the best way to get around.  Club is a club that is a club.   Tourists keep me from going to clubs in vegas which is wierd but really they are like kids  in a candy store acting like brats or old looking like perverts.
4	Stayed here for two days and things went very pleased with my stay. I loved how the hotel is right in the middle perfect distance to everything. The room was good bed was comfortable and bathroom was well . When we checked in Saturday morning the lines weren't that big after 3 they get long . People that worked there were nice . Overall I would def stay here again
3	Great location but I probably would not stay here again.  I took my dog and got to stay at pet stay on the 8th floor for 3 nights comp.  I had a hard time finding parking area to begin with.  Found parking and was lost to how to get to the hotel registration.  I had to walk through miracle mile to get to the hotel registration and the distance is ridiculous if you ask me.  Valet park if you are checking in.  The pet relieve area is downstairs on the lobby level and it's literally a small patch of grass.  I wish they would've made this area bigger.  They also never refilled the poo bags for days.  You then have to run through running taxis to cross.  Just horrible.  The staff at the hotel are horrible as well.  Our room set was weird as you have to turn to your side to watch tv.  The closet is attached to the tv entertainment center.  The only thing I liked about the room was the big bathroom as it had a separate tub and the shower.  The shower head shot through so hard that it hurts to shower though.  Our lamps in the room didn't work and when called the front they transferred me over to the department that takes care of it.  I was told they will come but they never came so we stayed in the dark room.  I called back the next day and they said I should've never been transferred??  What???  I asked what time they are coming to fix it as hotel agreement said that I had to be in the room with the dog when staff come in and she said she didn't know.  How do you expect someone to follow your own policy, but you don't know when you are sending someone?  I argued with the dumb chick as she put me on hold and said 10 minutes.  Maintenance guy came promptly and fixed the problem.  I then called housekeeping and made an appointment to clean our room between 12:30-1:30PM.  I waited patiently and no one came.  I called back at 2:30PM and cancelled as I will not just wait for housekeeping while I'm in Vegas.  I also went to their pool.  They have 2 big pools and live DJ, which was cool.  If you think you are gonna swim, forget it!  Everyone is holding their beer in the pool standing up like sardines.  I ordered drinks with my girls and they were $15 each!  Luckily our waitress was nice but it's pretty pricey.  I have been a faithful customer to the Harrah's organization and have been very happy with their hotel and service, but Planet Hollywood doesn't cut it.
3	I came here on my Ellen giveaway. Really quick check in considering I was checking in on a holiday. The front desk was really nice when arriving. The parking is confusing, you park at self park and walk through the whole miracle mile mall to get to check in counter and back again if you need something from your car. Free parking though. They gave us a room with a view to the back of the casino, boooooo! One plus is that the location of the hotel on the strip was frigging fab! When we got to our room it was nice and roomy, then I ran the bath, very very loud plumbing and thin walls! Only one of the side lamps worked, all the cables to the other lamps were just tangled with each other, uhh fire hazard.  We stayed a total of 3 days and 2 nights,  house keeping never came, no clean towels no clean sheets for those days. Oh and courtesy flush when using the bathroom, they get backed up very easily considering the fact that you have to flush the toliet paper you've just used. Major plus, I lost my phone and an amazing couple returned it to me! Anyways, pretty good for a free stay at a hotel.
5	Stayed here last December and it was such a GREAT place to stay. You really don't have to leave if you don't want to!!! A definite must if you are going out to VEGAS! Has great food, great bars, great shops, and showsI will definitely stay here again
3	Hotel: Planet HollywoodRoom Type: Hollywood Hip Fountain ViewRoom Number: 3683Check in:Considering it was Friday 1pm the line was short. I had to pay a $16 fee for checking in before 3pm. However they do offer to simply hold your luggage until 3pm so you can venture off and check in later to avoid the fee.Service:Everyone working there seemed very helpful and tentative. I did not make any special request apart from the view. I asked the lady at Check in if they had any rooms available on the 30th floor with 2 beds and she gave us one on the 36th. I felt that was a good level of service as she was very tenacious when searching for it on their systemRoom service came every morning without fail and even returned later when requested.Casino/Restaurants/Local VenuesThe hotel as you may know is attached to the Miracle Mile Mall which has an array of stores and restaurants that you would find in many Malls.In side the lobby there is a Starbucks and on the Casino level you will find another one which I heard is open 24hrs. Also there are many restaurants such as Pinks HotDogs (yes the one from California) Gordon Ramsey's Burger, Planet Dailies and various other cuisines. The old Gallery Night Club has gone and is now KOI which has more of a lounge bar feel to it. - This isn't a very popular venue and does not attract any popular DJ's however its worth seeing as promoters around the Casino will give you free entry and a free drink to just step inside.The Room:The rooms are themed by movies - We had The Long Kiss Goodnight. As you see in the photos they decorate the room with costumes and props from the movie.I feel the photos on the website did not fully reflect the room. They very rarely do. It comes equip with the basics - Large TV, Shower and Bath tub and it was very clean and tidy yet the furniture is slightly worn and scratched.The view was impressive of the fountains, however, the wind was very small. I would expect a room advertised as (and priced as) a Fountain View Room to have floor to ceiling windows as at TheHotel (soon to be Delano) and The Encore. For the price I cannot complain. Although the quality does not compare to that of The Signature it certainly is better value than that of the newly refurbished MGM Grand.The Location of Planet Hollywood is almost dead center of The Strip (It seems Bellagio is the most central to North and South) which is a bonus and its dead opposite The Cosmopolitan so if you wanted to visit the popular Marquee Nightclub you would not need a taxi at all.
1	Do NOT EVER consider staying at one of the Caesar's Entertainment properties. If you are injured and it is their fault, they turn you over to CCMSI which is their 3rd party adjuster and they NEVER have any intention of repaying you for your costs associated with the injury. My grandmother, my mom, myself and two others stayed in a suite at Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas from June 18 to June 22, 2012.The morning we were to leave, my 84 year old grandmother entered the restroom and fell into the wall hitting her head. There was water totally covering the floor due to a cracked toilet. She had out of pocket expenses associated with her testing and follow up care. There is a two year statute of limitations to recoup your expenses. She and my mom talked with the claim adjuster on a regular basis. Cannon Cochran Management Services, Inc. (CCMSI) first adjuster was Joy Van Riper. She was replaced by Doug Buchanan in 2014. Ms. Riper stated her client, Planet Hollywood and Caesar's Entertainment was responsible for the water in the restroom due to a cracked toilet and they would reimburse my grandmother for her expenses. Doug Buchanan confirmed this fact to my mom.We were told in writing her claim would be settled June 3 or 4 of this year, 2014. On June 5' my mom called Doug Buchanan and was told he FORGOT to have my mom sign a form for Medicare to release her records to them. It was explained that CCMSI had to repay Medicare for the part they paid on my grandmother's bills.Finally today when my mom and brother kept calling them, Doug finally told my brother he should file a lawsuit, there would be NO settlement. My uncle asked Doug if he enjoyed taking money from 84 year olds. He said, "That's my job." Wow...such arrogance and so sad for all the people that stay at a Caesar's Entertainment property.We called Doug Buchanan's supervisor, Josie. She told me she advised us to file a lawsuit. We have exactly one day, June 20 since the statute runs out Sunday. We live in Texas.So I guess the mob is still alive and well at Caesar's Entertainment and CCMSI. This is so sad and illegal since they are defrauding YOU as YOU had to help pay my grandmother's medical bills through Medicare and it was THEIR admitted fault and not yours.PLEASE, NEVER stay at a Caesar's property because if you get hurt, they will NOT help. Their properties include Caesar's Palace, Planet Hollywood, Paris, Bally's, Harrah's, The Quad, Rio, and the Flamingo in Las Vegas. They own others around the country. Please help spread the word about them taking advantage of the elderly and defrauding the U S Government through Medicare fraud. We will not rest until there is justice for my grandmother.
3	We arrived at PH on Thursday night to check in to our room (that had already been previously paid for).  We were asked if we wanted to upgrade our room for $20 per night.  We said that would be great and I left my debit card open in case we wanted room service.  A day later I checked my balance and they had taken $400 as a deposit.  I was in disbelief.  So I called down to have them close my card out and bill me for the $20 per night upgrade.  Now they inform me there are $24 per night resort fees.  Was never told about these charges either.   Plus, I already paid my resort fees when I initially paid for the room.  So why am I being billed for something twice?  They couldn't give me a straight answer to that question.  So after the $20 upgrade per night, the $24 resort fee per night, and the tax...I had a $185 room upgrade.  Honestly, that's not a bad upgrade fee for being on the 37th floor (one floor below the penthouse) with a Vegas Strip view.  I am not upset about that.  I am really upset about the $400 deposit and the lack of information given at the time of the upgrade.  Overall, the room was extremely clean, and very nice.  King Size bed was very comfortable.  We hardly heard any street noise.  A/C was very quiet and cooled the room very quickly.  Bathroom was very clean.  Be sure to ask all the details of an "upgrade" before agreeing.  You may not like all of the hidden fees that started out as a simple "$20 upgrade".
5	I've been to Las Vegas maybe 10-15 times over the past 10 years.  I've stayed at numerous hotels, and the Hard Rock used to be my go-to place, but has gone downhill in recent years.  So on my recent trip, I was looking to try a new place and I heard good things about PH.  I was a little concerned about the pool, because it's pretty hard to beat the Hard Rock pool area.  My friend and I found absolutely no issues with the hotel.  Our room was clean and we had a great view of the strip - although it would have been nice to have a better sound system in the room (such as a Bose Wave).  The Spice Market Buffet offers a great selection of food, and I highly recommend.  Just prepared for a long wait if you go there in the evening on the weekend.  The casino had plenty of table games and slots and beautiful dealers.  However, the place I spent the most time was at the pool.  On the weekends, it's a really fun atmosphere.  And I didn't feel like the Pool Bar was ripping me off.  I found the bucket of five beers (mostly pints) for $34 to be a reasonable value for a Vegas pool.  If swimming or people watching isn't your thing, you play cornhole (free), or pool (I think it's $1/game) and ping pong.  There is also a blackjack area away from the pools where you can get your gambling fix without having to go down to the casino (I did).  Also, there are some great cheap eats in the hotel or in the mall at the hotel, and there's even a Walgreens on the exterior corner of the hotel with lots of alcohol and snacks so you really don't need to leave.  I found PH to be the perfect blend of everything I was looking for, and a great location at the center of the strip.  I'll be back!
5	I love Planet Hollywood the casino is 5 stars and the restaurants are great.  Good location on the strip close to everything.  The pool is good but not great like Ceasars  or Rio, but still nice.  The rooms are decorated nicely and overall I love this place.
4	A well maintained resort casino. Lots of dining opportunities nearby within walking distance, shopping too. Loved the soaking tub and king size comfortable bed, large flatscreen tv. This is a place that delivers with few exceptions. The conference facility is spacious also. This is the experience folks come to Las Vegas for. A solidly good choice.
1	This place was horrible. No one came to clean our room for the two days we stayed. Some of the staff were rude. We paid an extra $46 in miscellaneous room fees. Signal was HOOOOORRIBLE, it was very frustrating to get a hold of anyone while trying to get ready and make plans with friends, in the comfort of our own hotel room that we paid for. $15 per device for wifi, no bueno. And for the price we paid for on EDC weekend, the view should have been somewhat better than an awesome look of huge AC units and rooftops of their lower level. AND, also, another frustrating thing is trying to get anything good and cheap to eat. Dang, like a lot of other hotels have buffets and the fancy restaurants, but they also have a little food court with cheap quick food places too. Planet hollywood barely had any little quick food places that you can conveniently go downstairs from your room to grab something quick and come back with it to eat in your room. Definitely NOT recommending this place to any of my friends, neither will I ever come back to stay here on my visits to Vegas.
3	Well it's a brand of MGM but it's a low tier brand I guess - I didn't stay there only been to their casino which was not very impressive at all - People staying there were bit happy at all with rooms and service - casino had chineese dealers which are worst when you are gambling - A person at PH won 10,000 dollars in front of 6-8 people but that dealer mixed the cards so they didn't pay him -
1	One of the worsted placed I staid. Extremely noisy room and really hard to find parking (that's if you manage to find the parking garage). Once in the casino, good luck finding your way out of there (the signs are poorly located and really bad directions). Room service knocked a couple of times but never went in to fix/change towels. I had to go ask a cleaning lady that was cleaning the room 3 doors down. She gave me fresh towels but refused to clean the room because it did not pertained to her. Really bad experience. Only good thing about the room was that it had a great view of Fidel Tower and the water show. Will not stay there ever again.
4	i have stayed this hotel for several times, besides self parking..... i love this resort, very easy to get anywhere...... i can get pink-hot dog and earl sandwich and especially a starbucks in loddy check in~ when i am gamble too much @ casino. order shopping is also very near ^^but total reward program now charging resort fees, so my husband and i decided to go with M resort with comp weekend rooms and free seafood buffet and no resort fees. ^^
1	Okay I'm going to make this as short and simple as possible because I'm one of those people that don't read those long @$$ reviews...SERVICE: I'm VERY disappointed with the service I received here. For the price that I paid, I expected way more. We booked a room that had 2 beds (2 months in advance for my friends 21st bi-day) because there was 4 people staying in the room, when we got there they gave us a room with one bed because they were "sold out" of the 2 bed rooms. So, they expected me to cramp 4 people into one bed, and be satisfied with that! I called 3 times to make sure I was given that room! These people kept telling me yes! After I got back, and tell them that it's BS they gave me a room with 2 beds (magically opened up) with no fridge. I didn't care at this point, just wanted my room with two beds. PARKING: is too far from the casino. Had heavy luggage and ended up with a back pain. INTERNET: You have to pay for it -another disappointment, even Circus Circus has free Wi-FI (wtf)The only nice thing is the location, but i've stayed in Paris before and their service is EXCELLENT. Stay at Paris instead (neighbor hotels), Planet Hollywood is going to stress you out instead of making you feel like on vacation.
1	arrived 12nn and told to wait till 4pm for next available room! wtf! poor customer service with bad attitude! seriously!
2	Over all not bad but... Wi-fi is issue. I do a lot of my work via smart phone. Was told I had wiFi access. After signing in, it lasted a whole 10 min until it booted me off. After that I could not sign on,.. It would just idle and not connect. I am assuming that it was because I was technically not paying the $13 fee for enhanced access. So as trivial as it may sound, I will not be using any PH resort in the future. I am just a drop in the bucket and do not matter to them as a customer. They got my room fee, that's all that matters to them.
3	I really had no problem with this hotel. I didnt get a great view, but I wasnt surprised, as it was EDC weekend, and the strip was packed. I couldve upgraded for one for 20$ but knew I wouldnt be in my room often, so didnt care. I got the king sized bed I wanted. I would say that room service didnt really clean anything, except make the bed and change the towels. The room was nice enough. I wasnt overwhelmed, but I wasnt disappointed either. I'd stay here again if I had an event to attend, and I wont be in the room often. It's nice enough for comfort, but nothing too fancy.
1	Ok if you've stayed her before and liked your experience, wait another 5 more years until you decide to stay here again. Rooms and customer service have downgraded 95%. We had the resort room. They don't provide covers, just the white sheets. Hallways are rundown. Shower doors are broken. Our sink didn't have the hot water working. Drawers are beat up. Our security box didn't lock. Bathroom door didn't shut close. Writing it all down makes me realize how ridiculous this place is. Oh and if you want to complain about your situation, get ready to be handed to staff with attitude and make you feel stupid for complaining. Paid $780+ for 3 nights. Better off anywhere but here.
1	Last weekend marked my third excursion to LVNV, and Planet Hollywood, with a close group of friends, all of us travelling from the DFW, TX area.  Thankfully, this will be my last to Planet Hollywood...and I'm not alone several of our group agree with this sentiment.Two separate experiences that we're horribly handled and concluded our business with your hotel:1. During our stay, my wife went to take a bag up to our room on the 23rd floor.  She rode the elevator stopping several times along the way, but discovered when she got to the room...the key card didn't work.  She rode the elevator to the lobby, again stopping along the way.  Went to the front desk and was told she would have to wait in the check-in/check-out line for someone to help.  When she told the front desk person she just needed a key, they huffily told her to give them the key.  They looked up the room and told her she wasn't on the room registry and they couldn't let her in the room.  Sadly, they had taken her ID at check-in and we assumed they had added her.  So, my wife comes and gets me.  I go down to the front desk.  Once again they tried to direct me to the check-in/check-out line.  I refused and told them I was down to see the Manager.  I can't make this part up...they directed me to another line for people waiting to see the Manager about complaints.  I told them I wanted to see the Manager immediately.  The Front Desk person went and got the Supervisor.  The Supervisor proceeded to tell me that they had a "Policy" that additional guests had to be registered to the room.  I explained that the policy shouldn't be used as a cover for poor customer service.  My wife's name is the same as mine, her ID as presented showed the same address, and she was with me at check-in and provided her ID...they had failed to follow their policy and subsequently burdened us with the failure.  The Supervisor just kept restating it was policy.  As I walked away, the Security Guard at the desk pulled me aside and suggested he could go get the Manager to discuss the situation, he didn't feel that the Supervisor was making the situation better.  I told him I would wait.  The Manager, Roberto, came out and I explained the story to him.  He agreed that the failure was theirs and made sure my wife was on the room and reset the key card.  He apologized and offered to remove the resort fees from our bill...I told him I wasn't looking for that, I was frustrated that my wife was treated poorly.  Roberto stated he wanted to do it and he apologized again that there was an issue.  I thought the problem was solved... 2. When we checked in we had a voucher for a couple of free nights.  This was sent to one of our higher rolling group members (under the friends and family program) who offered it to us for this trip.  We had decided there was no big issue if it wasn't used, we would simply pass it along to the next member of our group.  So, we asked at check-in if it would be honored and we were reassured that it would be.   We asked again before we left the desk and we were told it was already applied.  We found out at check-out that it was not applied.  Once again someone went and found Roberto.  This time Roberto was the failure.  Not only had he not applied what he had offered in our previous interaction, but when we told him about the voucher he told us there was no proof it had been presented, indicating we were not being honest.  Since the voucher was kept by the front desk person at check-in we couldn't even pass it along, it was completely wasted.  He ended up removing one day's worth of resort fees (22.50 versus his offering prior to remove them all) and told us there was nothing else he could do.  Again, I wasn't looking for special dispensation, it was offered at the outset...My problem was the way it was dealt with and that what was offered wasn't honored.We are in our forties, we have some simple expectations you could learn from: 1.) Reasonable accommodations at a reasonable price point...5 nights @ 150/Night; AC didn't work, room wasn't cleaned, and we paid $22.50 per night in resort fees for amenities we didn't use.2.) Customer Service is exceptional...in this case it wasn't even close.  We're not twenty year olds on spring break...Service means something to us.  If you want us to stay with you twice per year, prove it.3.) If you or your employees say something is going to happen make sure it does...if there is a question about whether or not it happened, give us the benefit of the doubt.This trip there were nine in our group staying with you, we are all gamblers to varying degrees.  Several hundred dollars to several thousand dollars are risked in your Casino by each of us on every trip.  This trip, our losses to your casino ranged from 220 - 7500.  We have no issues losing if we're having fun and are taken care of (ie. treat us well).  However, we are unified in this...Treat any one of us poorly and you lose us all.
4	We just had an awesome stay here for the weekend. This place is so generous with the comps. We're not high rollers by any means but Planet Hollywood picked up the tab and paid for EVERYTHING. Rooms were over $250 a night and we paid nothing. They comped us at the restaurants and shops and even gave me chips to play at the tables. We ended up walking out of here big winners too so I have absolutely no complaints about this place. Drinks are easy to get and they have a stellar selection of table games and machines. The dealers and other players are all so friendly too. You do get your typical groups of loud douchey drunk meatheads roaming around but that goes to be expected if you're staying on the Strip. Overall one of my top favorite places to stay in Vegas for sure.
3	I like the location of where this is located which is center strip. Earls and Fat Tuesday is right down stairs and so is the miracle miles shops. Cosmo is right across the street and if I ever need anything, Walgreens is also located at planet hollywood. The rooms, however, seem really old. Some things in our room were broken or just old. I had the hollywood hip king room and it was pretty small. Just enough room for the bed. The front desk was able to upgrade my room to a strip view at no cost which was nice. The cost isn't too shabby either. I stayed here because we had an offer for $27/a night. But even without a special, I've seen pretty low prices here for being on the strip.
1	I had the most horrible experience here. In our first room my husband and I came back to our room from the pool & I went in to shower & found pubic hair stuck to the walls & was absolutely disgusted! We called the front desk and were told management of housekeeping would come up. Mind you, it took  6 tries to get through because the phone was cutting in and out. We waited 2 hrs and no one showed up. My husband went down to the front desk and was given a new room after almost 30 min. We were upgraded to a new room. Went out again to the pool the next day. My husband had emptied his pockets of any loose money (dollars & change) as well as one of our room keys before heading out. When we returned housekeeping had came by while we were gone and $40 that was emptied out of his pockets was gone. My husband called front desk and was told nothing could be done. I called front desk after we were done getting ready to go out and was told housekeeping management can look up who cleaned our room and the time. When we returned my husband went down to the front desk and was given the info about when our room was cleaned. He was told nothing else could be done about the money only that he could file a report to check cameras etc. We love out of the country & leave tomorrow so this hotel pretty much leaves our stay of visiting the U.S. with a sour taste. I will never recommend this hotel to any friends, family of even strangers!
2	This room is outdated! The lights were not working when we first entered the room and had to jump down maintenance throat just to fix the problem. There were creepy clothing pieces that were displayed in the room which meant a waste of space, so little space that a microwave and fridge weren't accessible. Bed was very comfortable the only reason this establishment received 2 stars! Never will return!
4	I've never stayed at Planet Hollywood, although I would, their rooms seem very nice! Plant Hollywood has gone through some changes since I have lived here, mostly on the facade. From being the front of the extinct Aladdin, to Plant Hollywood to the addition of the Harmon corner. It's modern looking and to some an amazing sight. To me it's ok, it's nice and all but I'm just not overly impressed. I do like the finished off look they've given the Harmon corner, adding Twin Peaks and a Bubba's. Anything Vegas can do to make it not seem grimy and trashy. They don't have any 'can't miss' restaurants, Koi is ok. I ate there several years ago and I would go back but that's about it. I've seen Peepshow with Holly and recently Meatloaf in the smaller theatre upstairs, it's good and really not a bad seat in the house. I've also seen Journey in the other larger theatre and we sat high up but the seats weren't awful so for those things. It's cool!
5	Favorite hotel!! Always stay there when I go to the strip! Great view and location. Service is ok.  But I love the miracle mile IOVE PLANET HOLLYWOOD!
3	3.5 stars. Forgot to post this review in June. This was the first time we stayed here and the rate of $130 (w/ tax & resort fee) a night for a premium fountain view was a steal. They gave us a double queen room on the 16th floor (Rm# 1695) with an incredible view of the the fountains. Unfortunately, the fountains were not working but it was ok cause we had several shows lined up to see. We love the location of this hotel. We can just cross the overhead pass and be at Aria to see Zarkana, then have couple of martins at the Chandelier inside Cosmopolitan and walk over to Bellagio for some late night gambling. During the day, took the elevator down and shopped in the built in mall, Miracle Mile Shops and had an amazing lunch at Ramsay's Burgr in the hotel lobby. We know this hotel is very busy w/ a young clientele so that probably explains the large scratches on the furniture but its no excuse for housekeeping not to check if several light bulbs are out. Again, these were cosmetic that can be easily fixed and we didn't plan to stay in the room all night. The bed was comfy and sheets were fresh. Bathroom was large and also squeaky clean. You get the standard writing desk, LCD screen, iron / board and a chair of course. The view was the icing on the cake but would have been better if the fountains were working but can't blame PH for that. Last thing, there was a bit of line during check in (took about 25 min at 7:45pm) but check out was a breeze...just drop off your card key in the express box. Will consider staying here again for the location but they need some touching up with the rooms.
1	this hotel is so wacked!  one star is an overstatement. their computer system couldnt recognize our room number even after we had stayed their for 2 nights! went to the front desk four times until they could fix the problem.  plus their rooms had paper thin walls!  I couldn't rest at all because of the stupid music playing all day by their pool. This looked to me like a 2-1 star motel at best.
4	Great place to stay right on the strip. Arrived on a Thursday night and check in was swift and even received free upgrade to strip view. Rooms are clean and nice. Elevators are fast and miracle mile shops and earls are right on casino floor. Will definitely stay here again. Only thing is I wish the rooms had some other type of music player besides alarm clock radio Lol
5	My family and I decided at noon the day before 4th of July to meet friends vacationing in Vegas. We called around and the lady whom we talked to from planet Hollywood was very friendly and gave a better rate than Priceline. It was a very busy weekend and the valet was completely full when we got there at 1:00am. Which was fine except having to walk to the complete other side of the miracle mile mall. The line to check in was a little lengthy (about 30 min). After we checked in we found our room to be very nice very comfortable beds. My kids loved the huge bath tub and the view. We stayed in the lost in space themed room on the 37th floor. Our room was very quiet and we were in the first room once you walked off the elevator and never heard any noise. The pool was very basic, but the good thing is guests of planet Hollywood are aloud to use the pool at Paris or the flamingo. We used the Pool at the flamingo and it was awesome.  The central location on the strip is also a major plus. I will definitely make this my go to vegas hotel in the future.
3	SUMMARY: Very dingy hotel with very little amenities. I tried to do the "$20 tip trick" (if you don't know what that is then google it) on the check in lady.. but I used $100 instead because I really wanted a suite. The girl sincerely tried her hardest, but they were really out. I ended up giving her a $20 anyways for trying, and she did upgrade our room from whatever we originally booked. Tried to call the front desk to ask for a roll in bed, and had to wait 15 minutes before anyone picked up the phone (this was near 3-4AM btw... when it's not so busy in the front).Next day called the front desk to ask for a water boiler or hot water so we can make cup noodles (don't judge, we were hung over, lazy, and too tired to leave the room).. Anyways, had to wait another 15 minutes before anyone picked up the phone, then the lady tells us it will be $6 bucks and we will have to wait 2 hours for it... the hell?? Then we just asked for a coffee maker (which is usually standard in most other hotel rooms), and she transferred us to housekeeping, where we waited another 15 minutes for someone to pick up the phone, only to tell us that there aren't anymore. I just want some effing cup noodles man. My advice: the location is great, but this hotel honestly sucks. It's dirty and needs some serious renovation. Best part about this hotel is Earl Sandwich.
3	My husband and I visit Las Vegas every few months and we try a new hotel each time. Planet Hollywood is one that we will never return to, nor will we ever reccommend to others. On most websites I found, this hotel was rated 4-5 stars. I would put it around 3 stars at the most. The hotel allows dogs and we counted four while we waited in line to check in. We could hear dogs barking on our floor all hours of the day. I had reserved a non-smoking room, but I was told that only smoking rooms were available upon our check-in and I was not comped for the inconvenience. The room didn't smell too badly, until we got into the bed and the smell of cigarettes wafted up from the sheets and most likely the mattress. The AC unit was broken and stuck on 60 degrees. It was a bit cold and there were no extra blankets in the room. I tried to reach Housekeeping in search of blankets on 3 occassions and the phone just rang and rang. The room was small for a King Suite and the shower was so small that my 6'0" husband kept hitting his elbows on the shower walls as he washed. There was no uniformed or marked security anywhere that we could see in the hotel or casino and it became quickly obvious that any riff-raff off of the street was welcomed to roam the halls and enjoy the pool. There was no security check at the pool entrance to ensure only guests could enter. There was a large concrete slab filled with lawn chairs on the main level of the pool, no where near the water. There were two pools, above, on either side of that concrete slab. One pool was for 21 and older only, but offered no seating unless you wanted to rent a cabana or day bed for the day. I had planned on renting a cabana, but after seeing the set in stains and very dirty upholstery I reconsidered. We grabbed a slab of concrete close to the pool edge as we saw others doing and sat on our towels. We observed at least 15 people get kicked off of days beds that they hadn't rented. We paid $50 for a bucket of 5 beers. 5 lousy cans of beer, and we had to return the bucket! The other pool was for families and was much smaller with all of the floaties in the water. The area around the pool looked to only have 10-20 lawn chairs and did not accomodate everyone. We were awarded $25 a day  free food and drink with our Total Rewards points, but when we attempted to use them they were denied and we had to settle it with the Front Desk, and then they attempted to over charge us upon check out for the food & drink that was supposed to have been free. The best thing I can say about our stay is that the Yolos resaurant inside the casino is delicious! Tasy Mexican fare all seasoned perfectly and guacomole made to order and prepared table-side. Overall, we were very disappointed in our stay and would not reccommend.
3	Had to wait in line for 45 minutes in order to get checked in.  It shouldn't take that long to get checked in.  But once we were checked in, the room was a decent size and clean.  The Planet Hollywood is more of a party hotel however and I'm just too old for it.  I buy a room to get rest not to have a place to hold a party.  I should've known better.  I'll try a more adult place next time.
2	I wanted to give this place five stars because if everything had gone right it would've been a five star experience.I'm the Maid of Honor for my best friend, we stayed here for her bachelorette party June 27-29. It was six of us girls. First, we got there at 11:40 pm Friday night due to THE WORST traffic ever. It took us 8 hours to get to Vegas from LA. We're already in a bad mood and when we check in they said they gave away our room since we got there so late so they put us in a room with one king bed and said we could switch rooms on Saturday ..............One king bed for six girls and they expected us to pack up all our stuff from getting ready in 30 minutes so we could go out Friday night and attempt to switch rooms after the day club the next day? Okay..I had bought so many decorations and I couldn't use them because I thought we were going to switch room and we ended up not switching rooms because we were so busy so the decorations were a waste of money.We had asked for a roller bed when we checked in at 11:40 pm and when we got back to our hotel at 5 am it still wasn't there. I was exhausted and called for the roller bed and it didn't get there until 6 am when they said they'd take it up to the room while we were out. Saturday afternoon we get back from the day club and we run out of towels. We call housekeeping for towels and after telling us it'd be ten minutes it turned out to be an hour and fifteen minutes. Since we didn't have our original room with two queen beds and a roller bed I ended up sleeping with a friend on one roller bed and 4 girls in the King Bed. We still made the most of it but that was a seriously shitty inconvenience and they didn't even apologize for their mistake which made it even worse.
1	Please don't do it! Spend your money some where else. Staff is very unprofessional and don't seem to be concerned about the worst house keeping that I have ever seen. Found a used condom under my bed with other trash. The very next day discovered that I took a bath in globs of gulk  (an actual hand full of hair )from only God know how many guest that have used that tub. I'm so grossed out and disgusted! Never ever going back to that place again.  When asking to speak to a manager, he is in a meeting.  The never accept any accountability for any short comings. I have taken out some time to gather information about all of the corporate board of Directors from google. Their phone numbers are available. Please call them to voice your concerns. That hotel is too beautiful and convienantly located to go down to the dogs with unprofessional and uncaring  staff. So if you love Vegas call the CEO's and make them aware.
1	Poor service... Had to ask 3 times for a drink ! The burger was well overcooked ! The only good point and star of the night was the cockail ! All the rest... Pass
3	Pretty average.  The music was so loud and often had maybe 4 songs competing with each other. The carpets look like they need some TLC
5	NKOTB conceert.   Why is there 98% ladies.  Where da fellas at.  Cougar and saber tooth gathering.  I won tickets. It's not a bad show.  Tremendous venue
4	Stayed here over 4th of July weekend.  Had a fantastic time, you cannot beat the location!!Check-in was quick and was upgraded to one of top floors of the hotel with an awesome view of the fountains and strip.  Bed was comfy, housekeeping staff was great.  Only issue I had was not having an ice machine on my floor so I had to go down 1 floor to replenish.Pleasure Pool was great, liked the fact that you don't have to wait in line or pay to get in unlike other snobby pools in Vegas hotels.  Casino slots were very good, won some pretty good money!
1	This is a review for their customer service and front desk.I left a shoe in my room and noticed a few hours after we had already checked out. I called the front desk to find out if it had been found by room service and was told that nothing had been found but it usually takes about 24 hours for items to be brought to lost and found (security) and registered. I told them I was leaving the next morning and couldn't wait that long. The manager told me he couldn't enter the room to check as it was against hotel policy (seems reasonable) but would check with security and call me back.I called back 2 hours later and he hadn't heard from the people in lost and found. He told me he'd check in with them again and call me back. He never called so I called back later that night and he still had not gotten a response from the people in security.I left two messages at security over the next week and no one ever called me back.
2	Summary: Attended a July fourth weekend wedding and we were suppose to book a room inside Aria since that is where the ceremony was held but due to procrastination the place was all book up. I normally like to book hotel right smack in the middle of the strip for easy access so I decided to give Planet Hollywood a try. At the time Planet Hollywood sound like a good choice with the fountain view room, easy access to miracle mile shops for my gal, and its right across from Aria/Cosmo which is were the ceremony/wedding will be held.Location: It wasn't easy at first, especially for a first timer. Unlike most hotel, you have to drive behind the hotel in order to find the entrance for the valet parking. You also have to make sure you turn the right direction and stay in the right lane otherwise you'll end up at the Miracle Mile Shops valet parking lot.Service: Valet was professional, front desk was professional. Both was dealt with at ease. As for housekeeping, here is where the complaint start *cracking knuckles*. The night before, we were attending a wedding having a wild night so that means we want to sleep in the next day. Around 10-11am the phone rang. Housekeeping called and ask if we called for maintenance to repair the leak faucet. I told her we did not. She say that she have record that we called. Again, I told her we did not call as I was checking the faucet and there was no leakage. Her response?!?!?! "So, you want me to cancel maintenance?" Irritated, I slam the phone. Not the best way to be woken up in Vegas not to mention her voice was harsh I swear when I answer the phone I thought it was my Mother on the other line.Overall: Aside from the housekeeping experience, I would have given three stars but until Planet Hollywood repair the ice machine on the North side 7th floor, my two star shall remain in tack. We were there for 3 days and not once did the machine dispense ice. Every time I push the button the machine sound just like my mood, 'GRRRRR'.
1	Very disappointed. Worst place ive stayed at. No fridge. No ammenities. I dont understand how a place could charge so much for a room without one. Were in vegas 100 degree weather we need a fridge to keep some water in there to hydrate. I mean ghetto momos have em so why shouldnt they. Everytime i left my room i got lost. Everything looks the same there signs suck i followed em and i just kept goin around in circles. The room had a nice bathroom and that was about it. All the furniture had so many dings and scratches on it so they were pretty noticable since the wood was a dark brown...it was all dark and with beige patches since they were chipped.  Would never stay here ever again.
4	I would stay here again. My husband and I booked a package through Costco. We stayed 4 nights for less than 300 dollars. They do charge an unexpected resort fee that I now know all vegas hotels are doing. The room was great: good size, clean, good design, nice bathroom.  The hotel has a nice location on the strip. The casino part obviously smells like smoke, but once you go up into the hallways of the rooms, the smell is no longer there. It came with free wifi and other standard amenities.
2	I really enjoy gambling at this casino because of the vibe and the younger crowds. But there service and the rooms suck! I get comps here but it never seems like they're willing to make you happy. The rooms are old and dirty. The mall is okay. Nothing special! Go across the street to the cosmo if you want both great service and amazing rooms!
3	My bf and I stayed at Planet Hollywood as a last minute decision after we decided we were too tired to go home the day were supposed to. We got a deal off The Hotel Tonight App. We checked in right after booking with no problem. The staff was great and very friendly, making the check in experience bearable despite the looooong line. The reason for the bad rating is mainly for the maintenance of the room. When we got to our room, the blinds were broken and we weren't able to raise or lower the curtains/blinds. I called the front desk and waited for about over 5 minutes on hold. When the front desk answered, they said the maintenance people would come to fix it. It took them 4 hours to come. We weren't too bothered since we fell asleep but I did have to call the front desk to check up and remind them to send someone. The maintenance guy came and was very nice but was unable to fix it. Another issue was the bathroom sink was clogged. It took forever for the water togo down. We didn't complain about it since we were checking out the next day but that shouldn't have been an issue. Overall, the staff was great but they really need to work on maintaining the rooms A LOT better.
3	As I plan what has become my yearly Vegas trip, I realize this review is way, way overdue so I'll keep it brief and keep it to the basics. I like Planet Hollywood for the location on the strip and the fact that it's connected to a mall with shopping, shows, and restaurants. They also seem to cater to a younger crowd and they have good acts here- uh Britney, obvi! The front entrance and parts of the hotel have allot of pow and pizzazz, making it feel very Vegas-y.But for the price of my stay, I thought my room could've been cleaner and better kept - I'm pretty sure the vacuum had never seen the underside of the desk. The carpeting throughout the hotel was dingy and rolling up as well; it was pretty tacky actually. Also, the rooms could've had a little more punch to the decor. Between the rooms here and rooms at the Hard Rock, who also does a rock-n-roll/celebrity artifacts type of theme, Hard Rock was way better done. I also liked the casino in The Hard Rock better than PH. Oh, and basically any place has a pool better than Planet Hollywood. Like my neighbor here in Michigan has a nicer pool in his backyard than this place. PH's pool is like a concrete wasteland. There weren't even plants around the pool to liven it up.  They sort-of made up for it by having a second rate Pauly D DJ and after a few (overpriced) drinks, it wasn't too bad of an afternoon. I probably wouldn't stay here again but I suppose it's not the absolute worst either. So if you are coming for the shows and a basic pool set-up meets your needs, you'll be ok.
1	Thursday:  Showed up for a room with two beds. Offered upgrade for $50/night with one bed. Took it for the view. Got to the room and called bellhop. My friend went to use the bathroom and there was urine all over the seat. Called down and they said they could move us to another room but we had to still pay the upgrade fee, and come down to get the new keys. I told them I was over the upgrade and they said we had to go down to the front desk again. Bellman shows up.  Head down to front desk, bellman in tow and they change us to a regular room with two beds, or so I thought. Room had one bed and I called down to complain. Apparently they never had a room with two beds. Said we would be changed in the morning call at 9. Valet was painfully slow. We barely made our cirque show at mirage.  In morning called down, nothing. We had to get ready for the show and still no call by 3 pm.  Headed out  and the housekeeper said aren't you supposed to be changing rooms? Headed to the first part of our night and headed back to room. Still no call. Headed back down for event at the AXIS and the AXIS was spouting off incorrect information regarding event and then headed back to the room and decided to call down again. The room had already been changed and they wondered why we weren't in the new room but they had notes that no one had called us. Asked for the bellhop to be sent up immediately since we had to be back at the AXIS at 730 pm, he upgraded the room to an 100 extra square feet and it took 45 minutes to get the bellman up. The new room had tape on the ceiling and clothing stickers everywhere and the tv was disconnected. As we were leaving, we realized the door didn't close from the outside. We made it work, and called when we got back about the TV and tape and door. Maintenance took care of the TV and then said the lock had to be replaced and they would do it tomorrow at noon. Tomorrow comes and nothing. Again we had to get to a show and no one came so we went out to our show and when we got back, our door was open. Apparently housekeeping came and took SOME of the tape off the ceiling but didn't realize the door didn't work and our room was open for hours. They came up and replaced the lock and I took down the rest of the tape, housekeeping that day left us with absolutely no toilet paper as well. Sunday was going well, but we discovered a table in our room that was supposed to light up, was broken. We then went out for Sunday's festivities. We were so happy, flying high, came to the room and our keys had been deactivated. Down the stairs we went and got new keys. Totally deflated our night. In the morning we got room service with a room credit they gave us. When I went to check out, the front desk said I had to pay for the room service service charge and I said no I don't and the manager reversed it and we left, or so i thought.I requested my hotel bills a couple days after returning home.  I was appalled at what happened.  First off, this room was prepaid through a third party.  On the bill, the first night was a charge for the upgrade of the room, that we had already said we didn't want.  They didn't refund the credit card, they just credited my account for the $250.  Everything else was on the up and up, except at the end there was a $15.10 room service charge.  I called Planet Hollywood and they said there was no way they could have refunded that charge because it was gratuity.  I am upset because the manager who checked us out said, don't worry about it, you have a $0 bill.  Now they have that manager calling me back, even though they have told me nothing can be done.In all fairness, I was told nothing could be done to the room price because I booked through a third party.  I was issued a $50 food credit at the end of the second night, and a $75 credit on the last night.  Also 2 comped 2 WiFi devices at around midnight the last night of our stay (which gave us maybe 4 hours of use, if you account for sleep time.) But I am still appalled at how much time I wasted on my trip on dealing with room problems. The whole thing could have been solved by just moving us to a different upgraded room and not charging the upgrade fees.Buffet was nothing to write home about, valet was super slow (even the valet said, "wow you've been waiting a long time!) at various times not just at rush hours, bell service was the best thing at this hotel.
4	Definitely need more staff at front desk, only two people with like 50 people in line. Otherwise great stay: nice room, great service , nice view!
3	Pretty good place to stay. I was here on a weeknight for business and the price was right. The parking structure is a walk but if you're here for pleasure that's probably not an issue. However, having to run in 110 degree weather to get to my car for a meeting in south Vegas is a pain though! Service was excellent and staff were very friendly. There was a very nice gentleman near the casino elevators that spa seers questions and provides directions. The only issue I had was that when I arrived to my room, I noticed the hallway was filled with cigarette smoke and my room smelled like five gallons of rubbing alcohol was spilled in it that morning. A simple room change and all was better.
3	Came in town for a weekend to celebrate a couple birthdays. I had booked a basic two queen non-smoking room a month in advance, and adding an extra night to the reservation was quick and easy over the customer service rep over the phone. Valet was convenient as we had a lot of luggage, ice cooler, and snacks. We arrived on a Thursday night at 11:30 pm and there was a long line to check-in. Fortunately, the line moved quickly.I did the $100 trick, in hopes to upgrade to a suite. The employee searched the system diligently for a good 10 minutes, but apparently they were all booked that weekend and the only upgrade available was a room with a strip view. Boo...They were still able to honor my request for connecting rooms with my friends.Pros:- Spacious- Hot tub + showerCons:- No vanity mirror for the ladies- No fridge- No bathroom fan- Bottle opener costs $5.19 via room service
2	This has the Magnificent Mile shops as part of its attraction so if you like shopping or window shopping that's about the only thing that differentiates this from some of the other casinos.The slot machines are older than New York New York and some of the other casinos which means they're more boring and really don't pay out enough to keep you even moderately interested.  The waitresses with the free drinks are pretty slow and not the most pleasant.
3	This hotel was nice enough and clean. The pool is great, although you have to pay a fortune for any decent lounge chairs that have shade which is a must in the Vegas heat. The drinks and food are also ridiculously expensive by the pool, as in $15 for an average sized cocktail. The staff by the pool is great and they are incredibly helpful, which was refreshing. The restaurants we tried in the hotel had the worst service I have ever received which was a huge disappointment. We will never dine at this hotel again. Also, the guy who initially checked us in clearly didn't know what he was doing so it took us a solid half an hour just to check in. We would stay here again, but will probably try another hotel first.
1	Nice hotel... Shops are great. However customer service is horrible! Rooms smell horrible, room was dirty, gross sink that reeked of vomit. When we arrived there were dishes outside... Asked for towels twice and never got them. Very careless customer service! Never staying here again!!!!!!!!
3	Love the Hotel, Casino and It's location but I like to spend time during the day by the pool.The only way you can get service is to pay for a place by the pool. No one came by to serve drinks. I had to wait in a lineup. I quickly clued in that  it's better to by a bucket of beer on ice , this way I don't have to keep going back in line. I guess I'm comparing this to Caesars pool where the hostess was by quite frequently.If you are not a pool person, this a descent hotel. If you want a nice pool with great service try somewhere else like Caesars.
1	BED BUGS!!! Just checked out of the planet Hollywood hotel and as I speak I have been standing in the lobby for about an hour waiting for a "manager" I missed my flight my luggage has bed bugs and they seem to not care. this shitty place deserves this review. If you stay at planet Hollywood have fun trying to wear a tank top with red bed bug bites all over your arm.
3	This review is for the Casino: PH is very similar to it's neighbors.  It's in a really good location right in the middle of the strip and is really close to plenty of restaurants and shopping.  Burgr is extremely busy, so I missed out eating there twice.  Earl of Sandwich is a life saver.  Other than that, PH has plenty of ways to gamble and have a blast.
4	Okay so, this was the last leg of my Anniversary tour. Got upgraded to a suite.  Oh yeah.. And, the casino musta read my last review because my number on roulette hit a few times.  Thus, increased a star....  Boom
5	TL;DR version:  Stay at PH.  I'm a huge fan of PH, and come here to eat and gamble even when I'm not staying here.  The hardest part for me is deciding where to eat, because every offering is fantastic. Pampas, Todai, Spice Market, BURGR, Pink's, Pin Up, Earl of Sandwich, Cheeseburger, Ocean One, and on, and on, and on. No where else in Vegas does one hotel/casino have so  many great places to eat under one roof.The rooms are large enough and very comfortable.  We had a great view of the Bellagio fountains and the Strip.  As with most places in Vegas, the room could use a few more conveniently located outlets, so I didn't have to charge my phone on the floor in the only available outlet.  The bathroom was big and spacious, and had a big soaking tub, separate shower, and separate room with the toilet.  Overall, very well thought out.PH is located in the best possible spot on the Strip, with every place I like to play cards being an easy walk in one direction or the other.  As for the poker room, I will play 1/2 at PH, but since they don't offer a limit game for my wife, we go elsewhere when she's in the mood.  The slot machines were great some days and awful other days.  With respect to payouts, it was as though they swung wildly from Scrooge McDuck to drunk-bachelor-at-a-strip-club.  Gotta be a science to it I don't understand, but if I could time it just once...Maria at Spice Market is great.  Thanks for the mimosas!Love the music at night.Great atmosphere all the time.Two ABC stores on the miracle mile.  Awesome.Great shops on the miracle mile.Only problem I had there: - I don't care how full your valet parking is, you should always find room for cars of hotel guests.  Period.  No excuses.
3	Casino Rating only (notes from 8/3/14)Jacks or Better 8/5 ok not greatBJ 3/2 on 8 deck shoe, surrender, DOA, DASDealers in lingerie was 6/5 21 (not what I call blackjack)Craps 3-4-5x oddsDouble Zero (american style) roulette (the worst kind)Great scenery in the party pit.One thing i did not like was the Cashier Cage is VERY hard to spot
4	Our stay here was pretty pleasant except for no mini fridge---not sure why because I have stayed at average hotels elsewhere and even they have mini fridges. Anyway I would have given the five stars except for a random "engineer" guy who kept knocking on our door while my bf and I were in the room. He proceeded to use a key and opened our door even though was replied to let him know we were inside. He then asks if we ordered a television? I mean I wouldn't have felt uncomfortable but the guy opened the door without asking. Overall the experience was good, very comfortable bed and they asked us if we wanted to upgrade to a room with a better view. It was a great view right across from the Bellagio fountains. The room was decently clean and the bathtub was nice as well. I liked that they restock the little shower gels and soap bars. They did not change our sheets but they did make the beds over. Staying here was good we were in the center of everything and had the mall right below for whatever we needed. We also enjoyed food at Gordon Ramsays Burgr downstairs. I would stay here again!
1	Customer service???? Ph does not know the how to treat their guests! If u have the option...do not stay here! Pay the extra amount for another hotel.....how is this place still running is my question? Brent is an ass...not very accommodating...the manager for the night is just the same...her name is lupe....we booked through another website n then called ph to get our rate matched n then...they do not even know what they r talking about here.....dumb people that work here.....they messed up n do not even give a discount or care that they gave away our 2 queen rooms...like I said do not stay here give money to another place!!! Stay away!
1	We have lived in Vegas for over 20 years and we do staycations all the time. I can say this is not a hotel I would recommend. The mall is great, great stores and food. The atmosphere is a very fun. The service left quite a bit to be desired though. Day 1, no in room refrigerator and when I went to the ice machine on our floor, it was out of ice. I called the front desk to see if someone could bring up a bucket of ice. The reply? "Well, they will charge you because you could just take the elevator to another floor." Maybe I've just been here too long and take customer service for granted but that seems just crazy to me. Day 2, we woke up (a little rough around the edges) and started to look around for a coffee maker....none? Wow! We call the front desk and get a similar response, basically "no." Even a Holiday Inn comes with a coffee maker, sheesh. We look up room service for coffee, $9.00 for half a pot, not out of the ordinary for room service. They bring the coffee and it's $17.00. There is a 19% service fee and a $5.00 per order fee. I'm all about charging what you can but the actual cost should be more prominent than a 3 point font at the bottom of the page. This just seems akin to selling cheap airline tickets and charging me $25.00 to bring a suitcase. If you have to hide your charges, then you should probably rethink your business model or expect to be short lived.
3	It's good enough.  I love the location and the casino floor. Earl of Sandwich is in here so you can eat that every night after going out like we do. Nothing like a 4 am sandwich. I also like how there aee Walgreens, Mcdonalds, and all of the Miracle Mile shops attached to it. The pool is pretty great too. They have the pleasure pool for adults and the family pool. Pleasure Pool is fun with some good tunes. The 3 stars is solely for the rooms. I just expect something more. I've stayed here 3 times and the memorabilia is awesome but the actual accomodations are a little weird. I've seen dirty sheets, non functioning ACs, messed up furniture and more. That being said, it's an awesome location. you are near some great clubs in other hotels and great food as well. If you can get a good deal, stay here!
1	WTF?! Use this hotel if there is nothing else left on the strip. Their customer service is beyond horrible! Even the manager has the audacity to talk down to us. We booked 2 rooms with 2 queen beds and the only thing they had available was 2 1 king beds. He said the 2 queens are a request and not guaranteed. Then why did I pay for 2? Whatever. In the end we end up with the kings. In our room we found a cricket, a cockroach and a rollipolli. Where are these animals coming from? In the end I would not recommend using this hotel because their customer service is the worst I've ever experienced and the rooms are dirty!
5	I stayed here for my 21st birthday and I loved it! The location is great. Right across from the cosmopolitan, Bellagio, Ceacer Palace and next to the Eiffel Tower it's awesome. The hotel was pretty clean, clean comfy beds with flat screen TVs. Not bad. Totally recommended. Pretty affordable too
4	First time here was pretty hesitant from reading the reviews but my stay was perfect we stayed on the 26th floor room and restroom was spacious modern and clean overall stay was nice ordered room service took 30 min housekeepers were attentive and punctual everyone was super nice... To top it off it has a awesome location !!Only let down was  the pool nothing impressive compared to other ones
5	My husband and I took a 3 day trip to Vegas to get away after all the stresses of late. We had two comped nights from Caesar's Entertainment because of a bad experience at the Flamingo. One of the things that immediately impressed me, is that unlike a lot of the other places that we have stayed, there was actually enough people to check in the amount of guests in line. Susan checked us in, and was very patient, and helpful trying to figure out the situation with the comped room. The person who did the reservations forgot to put in their comp code and Susan had to be on the phone for about 25 minutes to straighten it out. Because of the wait, Susan gave us a free upgrade to the 50th floor, in one of their VIP rooms. The room, was amazing! We got the "True Lies" room, and it was decorated with memorabilia from the film. The room was very clean and nicely decorated. The bed was very comfortable. The bathroom had a separate shower and a very deep tub, as well as a TV (which pleased the husband). Our view was amazing. We could see the Aria and Cosmopolitan all lit up, and if we sat in the window seat we could watch the fountains at the Bellagio going off.Our service the entire time was great. I plan to stick to Planet Hollywood and Monte Carlo from now on for my vacation plans. We spend most of our time in the shops at Miracle Mile anyway, so being right there close to them was convenient. There are tons of places to eat within the resort and lots of shopping options. I would say this is one of the better places to stay for food and shopping options.The only downfall to this hotel is their pools. The pools are disappointing. There are two, but the seating around the pools is only cabanas or sitting on the ground. They have a HUGE open area with lots of lounge chairs in a big section between the two pools, but you don't have a view of anything, and in August it's HOT!!! You want to sit by the pool. And it's kind of lame if you want to sit or lay down and still be where the action is. Overall, this was my best Vegas hotel stay ever. I will for sure be back. Stayed August 2014
1	I have been to Vegas a number of times and my review is based on my typical experience... I've stayed at PH before and my experience then was terrific. That was about four years ago. This time however... Was gross. First, we got to our room and noticed a faint smell. We unpacked and as we did so, I stepped in a wet spot on the floor. I quickly put my shoes back on and decided that not even socks were OK in this room. After we opened the bathroom doors, the smell got stronger... And, then even stronger a few hours later. Later that evening. I sat on the edge of the bed, and the mattress fell through the frame. Looking around, I noticed that the furniture was pretty beat up as well. We were only there two nights and it was on the second night that we decided to turn on the TV... Nope it didn't work. BTW-Did I mention, this was an upgraded room? I think not. It was pretty small, and by no means anything like any upgraded room I've stayed in before. Food... Well, we opted to eat out most of the time, but on our second night we decided to try Burgr... My burger was salty and chared. The soda was flat and they had no means of replacing it with something drinkable. Stay at PH at your own risk.
4	This was our first Vegas trip together, for my husband and I. Decided to stay here because my mom recomended it. Pros:We found it super fast. Very great location right on the strip. the overall appearance was nice.Check-in time was fast. They had many people working. We got a room in the 27th floor. Over looking the pool & strip (really nice) Room was spacious & clean. Cons:The parking! Ughh, probably it was our fault by not knowing. But we took like an 1hr to find parking and when we found one, we didnt know where to go. (Who knew you had to walk the mile shops before getting to the resort and casino?WE didnt!) such a hassle. & the room furniture was a little outdated  & not enough sitting area around pool. We had to keep an eye out all the time to get a chair by the pool. Overall, our 2 night stay was good. Will stay here in future (now that we know the parking situation, it should go more smoothly, right?)
1	If u don't want to be robbed. Don't come here. They lack of security. I had a guy run off with my wallet that had $1000 in it. I was not pickpocket but I was playing at the craps machine with my bag in front of me. My friend chased the guy and the thief thew my wallet back and got away with $100. (Thank goodness!) I was really disappointed that security didn't help to chase and only showed up 5 mins after. That's not all. Their dealers were rude to me. Not all but it just takes 1 bad apple to change your opinion. I was rather insulted when they told me my Singapore National ID looked fake after I even after I showed them my NY ID. I'm 24 and look young so I get carded everywhere in Vegas but this was the worst. Just because you haven't seen the ID before doesn't give you the right to say it's fake. Teach your dealers manners please. Really spoilt the mood the gamble and have a good time. Our hotel room was nice but NEVER coming back here again mainly because Planet Hollywood did not provide good security for all players and don't know how to treat their guest.P.S The seats in the casino gave me a rash on the back of my thigh.
2	For as much as this room cost, it's awful.  The furniture is dinged up and dingy, the TV is ancient and without inputs, and the toilet runs constantly.  I won't be staying here again.
1	Let me begin by saying that I had a great stay here and enjoyed the hotel and casino.  My beef is with the hotel/billing.  I stayed here during my wedding and honeymoon.   My sister-in-law paid for our room as a wedding gift.  She called weeks in advance, gave her credit card information, and booked our room.  When we arrived, we were required to leave our credit card to check in.  We explained the scenario to the clerk and were assured that this would be no problem. Upon checking out at the end of our stay, I was informed that all but the room deposit would be charged to MY card.  When I explained the error to them, they were unsympathetic and basically told me to go fly a kite.  I had my sister-in-law call while I was standing there.  They said the only way to resolve this was for the hotel to email her a credit card authorization and have her return it.  She did this.  It is now 3 weeks later and my credit card has not been credited nor my sister-in-law's debited.  I called the billing department and was told she had to call the billing department and that they had no notes regarding anything that had happened.  It's a darn shame that a lovely vacation had to turn ugly over such a simple fix.  Shame shame Planet Hollywood
1	BEWARE. We left six Britney Spears tickets on the desk of our room before we left for dinner two hours before the concert. When we came back our tickets were gone. Before we left housekeeping came to clean our room.When we got back to our room are tickets were gone. We tried everything to get them on our phones went to the box office no help because we got them from stub hub.I advised front desk of what had happened told them I think housekeeping may have thrown them away. All they did was point me to their lobby computers to print new tickets but after paying for it their printers did not work. I complained to the manager and the manager said that she spoke with housekeeping and housekeeping did not throw any papers away. Finally we were able to get our tickets from stub hub on our phones and we saw 27 minutes of an hour and a half show which we spent over $1200 to watch.Right after the show the manager told us they found our tickets which housekeeping did have. In fact she smiled at when while she showed me our tickets. When I asked them to compensate us for the loss of the show, for our rooms or for anything, they refuse to help us whatsoever. They were uncooperative, they were unhelpful, they were rude. I was told the only way they can help me is by filing a report. I do want to get anyone in trouble I just want them took acknowledge what they did to us and to compensate us for the loss of this weekend and the show. However they refuse to do anything other then to call security to our room to investigate and write a report. This place sucks do not stay here they steal from you, lie, and do nothing to help you out.
1	Location- 5 Stars.  Walking distance to everything we needed to do.Front Desk- 1 Star.  First of all, you're the front man/woman of your hotel.  Your attitude must be welcoming. Second, it's non of your damn business who's in the room with me and what their propose is!! WTF!! Room- 2 Stars.  The room was dark.  There's a desk but no light near the desk area and some of the light fixtures were not in working order.  The movie motif was cool but the room looked very dated.  The bathroom is in much need of an upgrade!!!  I wanted to shower with slippers on!  There was calcium build up on the shower head.  Terrible water pressure.  Build up around the sink handles.  Our sink also backed up when we used the tub.  The location of our room was terrible!!!  All day and night long I could hear either the elevator going up and down or a washing machine running 24/7.Valet- 4 Stars.  Welcoming and helpful upon arrival.Bell Service- 5 Stars upon arrival!! 1 Star when we departed!Casino- 3 Stars.  Seemed like all the same machines.  Not much variety.  No wonder it was fairly empty.Cocktail Hostess- 0 Stars if possible.  She took our drink order and vanished into thin air!!  Must've been David Copperfield!Restaurants- 3 Stars for Pin Up Pizza.  Great prices and decent pizza.  My daughter rated BurGR 3 Stars.  The food was tasty but the service was lacking.You get what you pay for and since I booked a 2 night stay for $205 maybe I shouldn't complain?
5	We stayed Friday-Monday at planet hollywood. Checked in Friday at 5:30 pm ..no wait and I let front desk know I did not want charging privileges so that they would not hold a deposit on my credit card ..this was no problem Our room was on the 23rd floor ..it was clean and comfortable but no view, but we only paid 300 for the 3 nights so no biggieRoom service was great, fast and huge portions ..I recommend the prime rib! Would definitely stay here again.
5	I would definitely stay here again. We stayed here in July 2014, had a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains and Eiiffel Tower, nice sized rooms and beds. We also won on craps here too, I love the fact they have 2 Starbucks plus the Miracle Mile shops here.
1	There are only 2 pros to this hotel - location and shopping. With that being said...Where do I begin? I have had PH on my list of hotels to stay when visiting Las Vegas and I was looking forward to staying there. The pictures on line of course, appeared to be well appointed and contemporary. What the hotel offered was contemporary but worn and torn! The lobby is very misleading. It was clean, vibrant and colorful, which made me excited to see my room. As soon as I hit the elevator and saw the doors close, I knew something was very off. There were scuff marks on the walls of the elevator, scratches and initial carvings in the metal and the doors looked like they had been kicked several times with scratches and dents. Approaching my room, the hall way carpet was torn and stained in several spots, unravelling and bubbled in others. I came to discover during my stay that all the elevators were beat up.I got to my room, the Resort Room, and it was covered in a layer of dust everywhere. There were spill marks on the desk with splatter marks down the leg of it. By that point I was uneasy and checked the bed for bed bugs! I opened the closet to hang my clothes and noticed the wood was chipped all throughout the bureau, with the worst of it where the ironing board was placed. One of the drawers didn't open properly.I called to have the room cleaned and dusted. Throughout my entire stay of 3 days, no one cleaned the spill marks down the table leg. There were chips in the wood on the tables as well.The pool - another disaster! PH charges $118 for reserved day beds. That would be great if the daybeds weren't all stained with mysterious spots, some of them questionably large and obvious. Regular deck chairs are wobbly, with support bands busted off or missing. And since they were supposed to be white, they were visibly dingy.The casino - Signs pointing you where to go are confusing. As a group of 6, we got lost quite a bit, continually walking in circles, even when sober, lol! We actually started paying attention to location markers like light fixtures and escalators as points of reference because the signs were useless. Not to mention, the casino constantly had dirty glasses and beer bottles everywhere. The place just couldn't stay cleaned up. The Strip entrance to the casino was horrid. The glass doors were never clean, with a dirt film of finger and handprints covering the inside and outside.Call me partial, but I love a clean, well appointed hotel, no matter if its cheap or expensive. If I'm paying upwards of $800 for 3 days, I want what I paid for which is high quality, good service and cleanliness. I'm very disappointed with the cleanliness and upkeep of Planet Hollywood. I have stayed in many different hotels on the strip from the Stratosphere to the Bellagio and I will not stay at Planet Hollywood again. I will not recommend it to anyone.
5	Saw Britney!  She had nice titsies.  Put on a great show.  Won $$$ here too!  Great place
4	I have stayed here a few times and the atmosphere of this hotel is young and fun. Has a very romantic feel to the casino floor. The rooms are smaller compared to a few hotels but still very nice. The rooms also are up to date and clean and have different movie themes to them which is fun! The buffet here is okay nothing special. They have a Starbucks and a pf changes downstairs which is nice. Miracle mile is also attached to this hotel which has tons of nice shops and restaurants to eat out.
3	This was my first time going to Vegas and since we were seeing Britney we decided to stay at PH since they're hosting the show and it had a great location on the strip. We found the hotel on the strip right away but finding the parking garage was tricky. We got a little lost but eventually found the garage. It's nice that they offer free parking but I didn't realize that if you park in the garage you then have to walk with all your luggage through the mall. It wasn't a quick walk either! The hotel itself is really nice and we were really happy with our room even though it was very standard. It was clean and modern and we were really comfortable. Pros:-We loved the nearby restaurants. Burgr is in the lobby and was really good. We also liked cabo wabo cantina and pin up pizza. -attached to the mall so easy access to the shops-super convenient if you're seeing Britney. You just take the elevator down from your room to the lobby. It was also nice seeing her face ALL over the hotel. It helped get us even more excited than we already were.-reasonable ratesCons:-pool! And this was a big, big con for me! That pool area was so disappointing! You walk outside and it's this big ugly concrete landing with pool chairs and a few daybeds but no pool in sight. We walked around extremely confused before we found the damn pool. They have two boring rectangular pools: one for all ages and one that's adults only. They pools are are at a higher level than the concrete landing with all the chairs so unless you rent one of the few daybeds or cabanas surrounding the small pools you're stuck laying out on the concrete landing without even a view of the pool. I was really bummed. - inconsiderate maintenance staff! At 4:15am we were awoken to someone banging loudly on our door. We had only been in bed for about two hours but the banging woke us up and we were all super confused. We went to the door and asked who it was (without opening the door because we didn't know if it was just a drunk crazy person) and he yelled that he was maintenance and our neighbors had complained that our toilet was running and it was keeping them up. We told him that it was way too early and we were sleeping and the front desk needs to call us and explain the situation before just sending someone up to bang on our door at 4am. The whole situation was just completely inappropriate. Every hour or so our toilet would make a running water sound but it wasn't even that noticeable. We were sleeping in the room with no issue and the sound was not disturbing us. The from desk called us and we told them that they could send someone up at 7am. They didn't even offer an apology about waking us up. We were really pissed.The next time I go to Vegas I'll be staying at a hotel that has a better pool.
3	This hotel room is a 3 star. The service is a 3. First stay I had a broken key card door. Took 30 mins for them to open it. The room service was lacking as they forgot a few minor things as I come back. Overall room is standard. I would rate more at a 3.5 star. The casino floor is nice tho. The pleasure pit is a eyecandy. Who doesnt want a dealer dress all skimpy with ass and tittys all out at 12pm. Haha. Free show if u ask me. Other casinos do that but later at night. PH does it daily and early. Overall wont mind staying here again. It located next to the mall so thats a good thing.
4	Con: Took forever to check in (20 mins waiting on line).  The rooms were okay.  Some chipping here and there on furniture etc.Pros: LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATIONGreat casino staff.Cool food options.
3	The best part about Planet Hollywood is the location. Its right in the middle of some of the best hotels and shopping. The casino is pretty basic, they have a restaurant, several bars and tons of machines. Their little gift shop is a great place to stock up on snacks and trinkets. The pool has a huge cement area for laying out in the middle of an adult pool and a family pool. This is a nice budget place to stay at if you are looking to save your dollars but you won't get anything overly impressive.
4	Friendly dealers that show lots of skin. The fully clothes ones are not as friendly. I WONDER WHY? Overall casino is built for the younger crowds of las vegas. The main reason I stay here is for Earl Of Sandwich. You can read the review about that place here. The casino vibe is good, music is a little loud like i said, built for the youngins. As an old fart like me, sometimes i like the quieter casino area to enjoy my ass beatings on the table. Drink service could be better, some of the cocktail waitress knows how to get the drinks to u, some of them like 10 years to get u 1 drink.
1	WARNING: If you choose to play this casino, GUARD YOUR CHIPS, wear snug-fitting clothes and pocket your large chips AT ALL TIMES.Negative stars!  I was robbed by two thieves working together at a craps table last Saturday night 08/23/14.  They came up, we made room for them, they acted like they wanted to play, then they threw down a bogus ID at the table, but they were rejected for invalid ID.  They began using distraction routines and grabbed several large chips off my stack on their way out.  I actually caught them, but they only returned part of what they stole then ran off.  I raised hell with dealers and bosses, but security took several minutes to show up and by then the thieves were long gone.  The twenty-something "security" guys handed me a piece of paper with an 800 number and an incident number and was told to have a nice day. This took 1.5 hours and pretty much wrecked the evening.Description: two young, African-American, VERY fit/athletic/lean/ripped, one had dreadlocks, both dressed like hipsters (tank tops, sneakers, ball caps, sagging shorts, etc).Unbelievable.  Contact me if you'd like more details.
1	This was my worst experience at this location... This whole experience started bad from the beginning when we arrived. First off the valet was closed, not a big problem we will self park which is not close, you have to walk the miracle mile to get to the hotel. We arrive to check in and that took us standing an hour & a half in line before we said screw this were not gonna miss our show. We stepped out of the line and decided to leave our luggage at the concierge. Hours later, We finally checked into the hotel and were given a crappy room that was 2 queens not 1 king like we had asked. There was a seat that had suspicious white stain on the arm.  The restroom was horrible, we had dirty towels, a running toilet bowl, the water in the shower did not drain and the mirror in front of the restroom was broken. So ofcourse I call the front desk and was told they could not do anything for the night everything was booked up. I told them to please have the manager call me so I can speak to them personally. I was told he would give me a call later. So next day rolls around and was moved to a better room with a better view, which was very nice. Again I asked if I can talk to the manager and was told he was in a meeting. Now we go to check out and I asked one last time to talk to the manager and again he was in a meeting. So we left a negative comment card and ask for them to contact us so we can share our bad experience... So screw this place they lost my business. I've had very great times here before but I will not return no mo. I do not leave negative reviews but this one had to be done. I have pictures to share. Oh and incase your wondering I have not been contacted by management staff to this date. VERY PROFESSIONAL PLANET HOLLYWOOD!!!
5	I absolutely love PH, and try to stay there every time I go to Vegas. Great prices, AWESOME service, clean rooms, and the beds are SO COMFORTABLE. new linens and down bedding. The rooms are big, and they are all themed after a different hollywood movie. Ask for the strip view (preferably above the 6th floor) to get a great view of the Bellagio fountains and the Paris tower. The pools are a bit small, but one pool is adults only which is great. On the adult side you have to pay to use the daybeds/cabanas, but its worth it if you can spring the extra bucks. But there is free lounging in between the pool areas. The dealers are super friendly, the passion pit rocks, Gordan Ramsay has a burger joint in there, $10 blackjack tables. The location on the strip is perfect, not too far from anything. VALET IS FREE!!! That was a great bonus after a day of traveling (the self park is a million miles away). top notch.
4	Location! Location! Location!Overall my fave hotel in Vegas so far as far as location! It's dead in the center of everything, and the crowd is a lot younger!  Everyone was also very friendly, and the $20 trick (google it) works here!ProLocation!Won at the slots!Beautiful casino!ConHousekeeper looks like she picked up with her toes! Called for housekeeping and got back to the same mess, only with clean towels!
3	Do you just want a basic hotel, great location, not planning on sleeping there anyway? This is the place for you! I read most of the reviews on here before I went. I picked this hotel based on price, location and Britney. I think the way things look are good, bright, done up. Room is basic but I got the batman room, can't imagine that there's a better theme! First day there, we were tired so took a nap around 3-5. (remember we just checked in at 3.) Housekeeping tried walking right into my room, didn't knock, just tried to get right in. I kept all my locks on so didn't see them. I tell the 2 other couples we came with AND they had the same story, but they didn't lock their doors so housekeeping, didnt knock and barged right in?! I just dont understand why they would need to, and seems to be their policy? (one couple was no where near the same floor as us, the other one was on the same floor) So after that, and all the reviews regarding in house theft, I kept my do not disturb thing up and never let housekeeping clean my room. I do agree check in staff was NOT friendly or helpful. Plumbing is very very loud, so every time someone flushed a toilet in a room near mine, it woke me up. Just brushing your teeth would fill the sink because drains were slow. Tub had solid yellow ring in bottom was too gross to use. My husband and the other couple would still stay here again for the price we paid, but I prefer Monte Carlo. So I would not stay here again.
1	Just awful! So I went here mainly to inquire about a show. I asked the concierge where I go to get info on tickets and he directs me to the back cashier. So I go to the back cashier and they said that I was almost there when I came inside, It's by the concierge station. I said impossible because he told me to come here. It was a confusing nightmare. After I told the staff that they aren't very smart, I left and will never return. There's no signage, there's nobody to ask for help, it's a very poorly run casino.
4	We had another good stay at PH recently.  The staff was polite and attentive.  The room was okay... some slight issues with the toilet flushing and the safe.... It is a great location on the strip and a good choice of food and shops in the Miracle Mile mall.  We spent a day at the pool which was fun, but the fact that there are no chairs/loungers by the pool is disappointing.  The "runway" in the water took up a lot of space in an already small pool, but the DJ was great.  The Dailies and BurgR were both spot on.
5	This was the first hotel I have stayed in vegas and it did not disappoint. I was with my friend & not sharing rooms was the most awesome thing I did. My friend and I had different rooms but they were adjacent to each other, so we could still "share" kind of the room. I did it because us girls need our privacy & we bring tons of products....  Anyways, the rooms were clean, spacious, and the beds were comfortable. There are tons of places to eat next to the casino area. My favorite was YOLOS which was Mexican food & it was so delicious that I had to eat lunch there twice. Minus the smell of cigarette everywhere, which I expect, the Planet Hollywood was just perfection. I loved every minute of it.
1	This hotel was remodeled just 7 years ago, but it desperately needs some TLC. The room itself is on the spacious side (the bathroom's big). General comments: Self-parking in the garage requires a 10 minute walk through the casino and mall which is totally inconvenient. Definitely drop your stuff off and then park your car. Keep in mind they charge a $22/day "resort" fee (no, your room fee doesn't include this...) for wifi on 2 devices, 2 passes to the gym, and local calls. They value this at something like $70(?) per day which is outrageous. Also, if you have four guests in your room, shouldn't they all be able to use the gym? BS if you ask me. Bathroom: The shower felt like one I've used at the gym (straight down to the tile), and I honestly questioned if I was at risk for athlete's foot. Plus the long blonde hairs stuck to the wall (we both have black hair...) was rather troubling. There's a separate tub which is nice. The door to the toilet wouldn't close. The counter for the sink was large and big enough for two (but there was only one sink). The towels were rough, thinning, and desperately need to be replaced.Bedroom: The furniture is covered in nicks and scratches. The beds look motel status, can't splurge for some nicer pillows? One nice touch is that the comforter is covered in a sheet they change regularly (I assume). The TV is old, but has a good number of channels. The blackout curtain lacked a chain, so it was incapable of moving up or down. I had to call maintenance 3 times, waiting over an hour, for them to come up and fix it. While the casino and mall are decent, they in no way make up for the mediocrity of the actual hotel. There are plenty of nicer hotels on the Strip with better service and amenities for the same (if not cheaper) price. I definitely won't be returning.
3	I stayed there the first time I went to Vegas, it was alright..you have to pay for wifi. The lightings in the room was very dark..our views weren't that nice either. It was pretty cheap though. I love that Earl sandwich is just right down in the lobby!
2	Good location and a party atmosphere on the casino floor, but  I see that casinos are now charging $20 "early check-in" fee and they also add 12% tax to the $20/night "resort fee" ... this is definetly a great deal as I got extra hair with my reservation. Hair on the pillows, hair all over the bathroom floor, and stuck to the shower door, the shower walls, and even a few bonus short and crinkly ones in the shower swirling around in the slow-draining water.
5	Robert at the front desk is AWESOME!!! He helped us upgrade to an amazing room and we got to check in super early. Very friendly and extremely helpful! Thanks Robert!!
1	This review is for the blackjack tables only.  For those of you that do not know, when you get blackjack you should be paid 1 1/2 times your wager.  Planet Hollywood's tables pay 6:5 which is barely exceeds what you bet.  So when they say "blackjack" don't get excited here because it means nothing .  You are playing 21, not blackjack...  Don't waste your $ here. Find a place where your $ lasts longer and when they yell "blackjack" it means something!!!I do love the  vibe here and staff is always great... Just bad "21" rules
3	Stayed at The Planet Hollywood Resort in the beginning of July and it was a great stay. I got a deal which included $25.00 dollars a day for a food and beverage credit, which came in handy for room service.Valet is a must! So easy and friendly staff.I would have given it 4 stars but we got there a little earlier than expected and asked for an early check in about 6:30 am. The clerk told us that if I checked in now I would be charged for a whole night stay and to come back at 9, I found him to be VERY rude. So we walked around the hotel but realized we were just too exhausted. We waited for an hour in the lobby and saw people going up to what looked like a check in, but we decided to still wait. 8 came around and my boyfriend was asleep on my lap so decided I couldn't wait any longer and I went up asked another lady if we can check and and she checked us in with ease, for a fee, which was fine with me. She also said early check in starts at 6.... UGH! Checkout line was VERY long just for them to say, "okay you're good."The room was great, Adams Family theme, HUGE bed and very comfy. Plenty of space to hang your clothes and drawers to fold other clothes. The bathroom had its own private bathroom, which I loved and separate tub and shower. We were close to the elevator and the room was very quiet and dark. The pool was cool 21 and up, its not a pool party like other resorts but it's still fun if you're a little too hungover to catch a cab and go to a pool party. I did see a couple girls flash their boobs and then get kicked out, very funny. The resort has a mall connected to it and you can get very lost! But it has all your needs while staying cool. If I were to be going on a long stay and a romantic one to boot, I would be choosing this hotel for sure.
5	Love the location. It's right in the middle of the las vegas strip. The rooms are ok. Love the Hollywood theme idea in all rooms. *Planet hollywood does have a Starbucks.*love the mall (some stores not expensive)*YOLO'S restaurant great place to eat dinner. (Mexican food)*three stars for customer service  PH checkout tho. Needs improvement.
4	Great location and room was super affordable. Even more affordable when I pulled the $20 trick and got a sick upgrade to a resort suite with a view of the strip.The bathrooms need serious upgrading. Was contemplating if I should wear flip flops in the shower. Room was nice, a bit flawed in comparison to website pictures. Yes, the TV is in a weird spot. Had to flip around on the bed and watch at an angle. They need to put an adjustable mount on the TVs. Pool area needs some work too.PH is probably one of my favorite casinos. Good crowd with plenty of $10 and $15 blackjack tables.Love the convenience of the Miracle Mile shops. The Halo Bar has a great happy hour from 12-7 with $5 patron shots.Would stay here again when on a budget.
1	So another year and the same shit.  You can't valet here unless you are staying.  It's a Sunday night during off season and there are several valets just hanging around. Not even the ultra high end Cosmopolitan shoos away their gamblers and eaters !! Hate it and I will never stay here because of it!
4	Cool hotel, efficient check in process. Remember to ask for a fridge if you need one, and we didn't have a little coffee maker.
4	Not even when it was the Aladdin casino, we rarely came here for the casino. (You can tell when it's crowded when you have a hard time finding parking in the multi-level parking garage. As always with the Strip and Las Vegas, Free Parking.) The best thing about this casino is the Miracle Mile shops: Ben & Jerry's, Todai, Blondie's, Lobster ME, Auntie Anne's, Cheeseburger. Yes, we've tried all those places. Some of the stores are: Ann Taylor LOFT, Gap, Bath & Body Works, The Body Shop, Sephora, Urban Outfitters, Crocs, H & M, The Walking Company, ABC stores, Tommy Bahama.  And you guessed it, we've been to all these stores, too. The directory is pretty vast. I'm sure I'd run out of letters if I listed them all. (Gone are the days when Hilo Hattie once had a store here.) There is also a couple showrooms (one is used for "So You Think You Can Dance" Vegas Week- we just happened to come here this past weekend to try Lobster Me (delicious, check out my review on it) and I saw Tyce Diorio and Lil' C- I should've asked to snap a pictured with these guys). We enjoy coming here when we want to walk around inside a shopping center especially if the weather is bad outside or if we've had a big meal. There's always a good crowd here, because there are lots of stores and restaurants here. Also in the casino are PF Chang's and Pink's (famous hot dog place in LA). This used to be the Aladdin, and the ownership changed, thus, so did the theme. My husband says that too many casinos are going "Yuppie." As for the rest of the casino, I can't really comment on it, since we go straight into Miracle Mile.
4	Whenever we are in Vegas, even staying at a different hotel, we ALWAYS end up spending a lot of time here. The mall has great shops, my lucky slot machine is here, and Blondie's shows all of our sports games, no matter what time in the morning they are on tv.I met my husband in the Heart Bar, so I also have some sentimental attachment. Another thing - BRITNEY SPEARS! 'Nuff said.
3	Would've been more because they have my all time fave drink spot FAT TUESDAY, Pink's, a mall and it's a nice hotel but I have to take a star for whatever was in the bed with me that bit me on my big toe, pinky toe and arm. I'm hoping it was just a friendly chocolate loving spider but yeah. I let the birthday girl choose which bed she wanted and somehow I ended up with Charlotte. Thanks. No, but otherwise I enjoyed our stay, it had a nice big bathroom and the staff was very friendly.
4	Stay in the suite, but avoid the standard rooms! My experience in the panoramic suite was amazing (1300 sq foot room) but the standard hollywood hip rooms are located in the older tower (back from the Aladdin Casino days) and they are super out of date and run down. That was my first experience with PH.I was hesitant to stay at PH again, but I got a comp room from my total rewards card...so why not...and im glad i did! I got the upgraded suite because I tipped the front desk clerk $100 when I checked in. And it was well worth it...the suite was a James Bond 007 theme with tons of memorabilia and couches, hot tubs, 2 bathrooms, and bidets lol! From my room I had views of the Bellagio, Aria, Cosmo, Paris, etc....simply amazing!The Pleasure Pit has a nightclub atmosphere with really cute girls, go-go dancers, and "club" music. Even if you lose, at least the dealer who is collecting your money isn't an eyesore lol. Limits are fair at PH (low to mid range) but it's one of my favorite casinos to play in. Crowd tends to be a bit younger then other places as well.Location is top notch...you're minutes away from the Cosmo and Paris and Bellagio. Other amentities include Miracle Mile Mall...so lots of affordable eats...in addition to the places in the mall, theres also an Earls and Pink's Hot Dogs.  My only gripes? Higher then average room prices when compared to similar tier hotels, a very confusing casino floor (i always get lost), no nightclub, and a tiny sports book (I always go over to the bellagio to watch). OHHH and if you park in the SELF PARK garage...be prepared for a long walk through the mall and everything, so if you don't want your family to be mad at you...VALET YOUR CAR! lol
4	I think I love this hotel and if I had to pick one, this would be one of my preferred hotels on the strip. First, the miracle mile shops are downstairs and you can literally lose yourself for hours if you have nothin better to do. Second, the location is right in the middle of all the action. You can walk across to some of the other hotels, visit Walgreens, eat a Pink's hot dog, get a tattoo, all within a few blocks from this hotel. There is also Gordon Ramsey's restaurant downstairs and Britney Spears is performing here... Yes, there's also a club here. One more thing is that the standard rooms come with a deep soaking tub and the decor in each room has posters and props from Hollywood movies. No fridge or microwave though and my only gripe is that the gaming options are definitely overpriced so I would suggest taking a walk to one of the "Cheaper" casino's but I guess that's what this "deluxe" hotel can afford to do. Another grip is the Pleasure Pit. If I am going to gamble, I do not want to be distracted by these half naked women with their hoo-ha's hanging out dancing on tables near the gaming. If you're there for that type of attraction, go to a strip club or walk the strip, you will see plenty, lol. Other than that, 4 stars for location, glitz, convenience, glamor, etc. I recently purchased a suite across the street from the Planet Hollywood right next to the Cosmopolitan so if anyone needs a suite in a great location and doesn't want to pay Planet Hollywood prices, HOLLER!! lol
1	Exatreamly disappointed with this hotel. I have been to Vegas numerous times and have never had to change our hotel because the cleanliness was so bad. Tub and shower still had hair from the last people who stayed. Glass tables had "white powder" residue still on them. Glasses were not cleaned and had film in them also tags from shopping on the floor. I wouldn't be surprised if they didn't cleaned the sheets and just make the beds at this point ... So gross ended up moving to the Elaera Hilton Gand vacation suites.
3	Planet Hollywood is located on central of the strip. It's same spot from Aladdin Las Vegas.Planet Hollywood is designed to make ordinary people feel like stars and the hotel rooms are no exception. Be honest, I found the restaurants in PH are more causal and affordable than other hotels.
5	Love, love, love Planet Hollywood! The staff is super nice and I love the ultra modern vibe of the hotel and casino. The rooms are a little older than some of the other hotels on the strip, but it is very clean. The cleaning people were amazing and super accommodating! It has such a modern yet comfortable feel. Of all the casinos I went into, theirs was probably my favorite as well. It just has a fun vibe to it, nothing too pretentious or gaudy, but you can still tell you are in Vegas.   The location is right in the middle of the strip and right across from the Bellagio fountains. If you are looking for a fun hotel that is modern chic, Planet Hollywood is your hotel!!!! The mall attached to it is really fun too. There are so many shops to explore.
2	I would rate this hotel in Las Vegas as just average. Checking in is ridiculous, rooms are just ok bordering on really old and not super clean. We stayed for two days and it was very eventful. They tried to check us out a day early which resulted in another trip to the lobby, not fun. The fire alarms where going off and nobody there seemed to mind which lead me to believe this happens a lot (false alarm). The worst is the parking, if you plan on driving do not stay here unless you love long walks through a mall with your luggage.Restaurants are fairly good and casino is ok.
5	My favorite casino on the strip!So many things to do inside of there!Gambling, shows, huge mall, many restaurants to choose from, and Best buffet in the world (spice market) can you say unlimited crab legs :)Employees are nice, bathrooms are nice, and even the outside of it is amazing.Recommend staying here or at least visit this place, just don't get lost lol
5	I stayed at Planet Hollywood in Vegas for my 26th birthday and I had an amazing stay. The rooms were amazingly affordable. We even upgraded for $20/ night for a room with a view, and we were very happy that we did. We stayed on the 50th floor of the 51 floor building. The view was outstanding, you could see the Eiffel Tower and the Bellagio water show, and an amazing view of the strip.The accommodations were nice and clean and very comfortable. It's so nice having a mall underneath you. On the first day I stopped to get my hair done immediately after checking in, because unfortunately the one thing I had forgot to pack was my hair straightener and I wanted to look good for a night on the town. Luckily there was a salon in the mall. It was so convenient having what I needed right downstairs.Another plus is that it's in a good location from everything else on the strip. Everything's in pretty much walking distance.My only complaint is no free wifi for guests, but you can always stop downstairs at the Starbucks for it if you like.I will have to say that I had a great experience for my first time in Las Vegas thanks in part to my stay at the Planet Hollywood.
3	Given the room we were in I think 3 stars is about right, had we been in a better updated room then I could imagine it being 4.The rooms were ok, nothing special but they were a place to sleep which is really all we wanted for our 2 night stay. My Husband booked 2 rooms via his Perks subscription for us and his Family to stay in. The rooms were on the small side and really dark inside, they really had seen better days too. Paint was chipped and housekeeping wasn't overly enthusiastic in regards to the dusting but the location was perfect. We were on the 21st floor which has some nice views and was quiet, what I really didn't like was there was only one working Ice Machine for the entire floor, I had to walk right around to the other side of the building in my PJ's twice to fill up a tiny little bucket.Britney happened to be performing on the 2nd night that we stayed and thought it nice that they place her pictures up around the elevator area, not so cool when fans are holding up the line to get one while posing and taking pictures though. Maybe have a designated area for this sort of thing?The casino downstairs is pretty big and there is a great selection of shops and eateries, I LOVED the fact that Gordon Ramsay Burger was in the same building. The Miracle Mile shops is also a huge bonus too.Check in was easy once we got through the 30 minute wait in line.
2	I stayed here over Labor Day Weekend. The price was very reasonable, but I was not happy with the room at all.  My friend and I checked in after we got back from the Dayclub around 6pm, so there should be no reason why the room would be dirty because housekeeping should of tidied up the place hours ago. When we walked in we were greeted by hot cheetos on the floor... and some trash leftover from the party from last night. OVERALL, I WAS NOT A HAPPY CAMPER !
4	so far my favorite place to stay on the strip. Check in quick, service great (even when I locked myself out of my room) and plenty do in the vicinity. I hate walking all up and down Las Vegas Boulevard  so I like the location of PH because it's close to city center and has plenty of shopping. The room was fairly updated and really clean, Restaurants are all good too and great for casual dining. Try Burgr and Koi.The minus one star is for the pool. I was really surprised that Bally's had a better pool area. There weren't a lot of chairs around the pool . There were a lot of cabanas and day beds that looked really faded and worn, and no one was really using them so it seemed like a waste.
3	Rooms look nothing like the photos that they have online. There are no refrigerators (have to request one). The best part about this hotel is the location, because it's in the middle of the strip. The room was decent, but I've stayed in better. The valet people weren't very friendly, didn't seem to be very happy in the heat!
5	Okay you get the full 5 stars now because you have CHIPOTLE in here finally!!! I feel like that chipotle coming soon was up there for over a year, but now that it's finally open...I'm definitely getting that over earls any day! You rock ph
1	Worst customer service EVER received at a hotel especially in Las Vegas since you have your choice of ANY hotel on the strip. Unfortunately I did not choose that hotel we were with a large group and someone else booked it. We got to the hotel late that evening waited in a long line as the check in staff conversed with the customers for LONG periods of time, We waited patiently our turn... as the customer walks away the staff continue to talk amongst themselves as we wait to check in for approx 20 minutes! We had booked a suite with  2 king sized beds and of course they claim they sold the room which we reserved and PAID for months earlier. Getting NOWHERE for another 10 minutes they claim NO ROOMS available. How does that happen?? We had PAID for a room with 2 king sized beds and NOW they only have a room with one bed for 2 of us to SHARE!Anyway, the (boy) that's what he looked like with his shirt too big and his pants too long wasn't budging So, we requested a manager and low and behold a room POPPED up with 2 king sized beds! I don't have any clue as to why they were doing what they did?? The hotel was too young of a crowd and the staff looked like a bunch of young kids running it... Since when did Las Vegas become so unaccomadating?? If looking for a GREAT time don't stay at Planet Hollywood! Just say'n....
4	First time staying here. I've stayed in numerous other strip hotels, and this isn't the best nor the worst. They upgraded us at the front desk at no charge, which was great. Extra 100sq ft, his and her sinks. Not to mention the room was covered in Steven Seagal memorabilia! Sold for me! Customer service was top shelf from Valet to checkout. Wifi is FREE for up to two devices (after you pay resort fees) also, great view of the strip. The casino, lobby situation can be a little overwhelming at first. But once you use landmarks to remember how you get around, you'll be good. Our landmark was the Britney wheel to get back to the hotel lobby. Minor complaint about the rumor, and I do mean minor! The shower took about 8-10minutes to get remotely warm. We also ordered room service. Wasn't terrible. We ordered the Sunset Strips and Chicken sandwich. Both were delicious. Waiter was very nice and knew both my name and my wife's when he came in. Overall, I love staying here because of the customer service and PH central location on the Strip. And also the Total Rewards program covers all Caesars properties!
5	This is one of my favorite hotels to stay in. The location is great. Most importantly it has a good vibe (for me). It's more lively than most vegas hotel during the night. They have a large shopping area in the hotel which is convenient. The rooms are clean and modern. It's a good hotel choice for the younger crowd. I go to Vegas 7-8 times a year and I stay at PH most of the time
1	This was by far the worst experience I have ever had at a Resort. The non-smoking floor that we were on constantly had others that were smoking. When I notified the manager, they we re not concerned at all. Also, the night we arrived, our shower drain was not working. We had to wait over an hour (this was around 1 am after we had been traveling all day) for someone to come up and fix the drain so we could shower and go to bed. We also had issues with our credit card being charged incorrectly, after we had already paid our bill in full. Guest service was horrendous.  I would never stay here again, nor would I recommend this hotel to anyone.
4	In short ...What I like:- Nicely appointed, modern-feel to the casino.  Nice to see them ditch the old Aladdin theme.- Really high-energy feel to the place, despite the dim lighting.- Young vibe.  Nice up to date slot machines.- Nice shopping area.  Glad to see they kept the old Aladdin shopping area featuring pretty reasonably priced goods.- Lower end but fun food options like Pink's Hot Dogs and Cabo Wabo.- Good location on the strip, right near the Paris, Bellagio and Cosmopolitan.What I don't like:- Basic rooms feel kind of small for some reason.- Party vibe to the place also means it can get really noisy depending on who's staying near you.- Not a huge fan of the shows featured here, and Brittany Spears?- Traffic is shit around here- Buffet is meh
4	Checkin was fast. The room was nice, floor was dirty-ish I brought a pair of socks to walk around in the room. Awesome having ABC stores and Walgreens for cheap bottled water and beer. Great central location. Pretty casino. Ate at planet dailies, earl of sandwich, Burgr and PBR Rock bar. Oh and hot pretzels with cheese in the mall. Loved having a mall where I sleep! Great place to stay in vegas!
1	This place is hotel hell. Checked in to a dirty room. Took hours for housekeeping to come up and do anything at all. When housekeeping was doing the job they should have done before we got there, I could here her radio buzzing with TONS OF other guests checking into dirty rooms. Customer service SUCKS, they didn't give a crap our room was dirty and had clothes left behind from previous guests. One morning, I woke up to go to the bathroom and the lights didn't work at all! The air quality is this casino is literally the worst on the strip. Stay ANYWHERE else. Anything is better than this crap hole.
4	Planet Hollywood in my opinion is a VERY underrated casino!  It's new, it's fab and it has some cool choices for food and fun!!  I loved Gorden Ramsey Burger, the food was amazing!  I have seen other names in the past I recognize associated with this casino and the colors inside are bright, fun and it keeps you awake during the long Vegas night!  I would consider staying here and I definitely will be back to check out more of what PH has to offer!!
5	I totally love the feel of this place all around. I never win anything on the slots and it feels like I'm just throwing my money away each time I play on the slots, but I love the way this place looks inside and out. I've had bachelor parties out here and had a blast each time. I love how they blast their music and have those gogo dancers out on the weekends. The pool area is always nice and has plenty of people around to mingle with. This is one of my favorite hotel and casinos on the strip!
5	: My personal favorite is the Guess Store...supah cheap and love their Guess Woman Watches..hotel rooms ? 5 stars..Condo style. I love it! :)
1	I wouldn't recommend Planet Hollywood. The rooms are very expensive for what is available. We checked in and there were dirty, wet pillow covers on the desk, the bathroom door knob kept falling off, and the room smelt musty. I called the front desk and they stated they'd follow up with me after the room was serviced again. It took several hours for three different people to show up and fix the issue. The front desk never followed up. Spend your money elsewhere!
1	Shower has mold, pool service sucks no one at pool and none of cabanas being used.  None of the cabanas were never occupied and I sat in one of the chairs to place my stuff on their while I got into the spa and was asked to move and put my belongings on the floor.  I complained to manger in lobby which was no help.  They should be open, especially on slow months.  How hard would it have been to just tell me that if someone rents it out I would have to move which would not have been a problem for me.
3	Hmmm booked a room through "Hotels.com" with a  "Strip View". First of all, the room did not look anything from the pic. It was smaller...that's totally fine, but the view ... Seriously?! From the picture it looked like a two window view, but turned out to be a single window...as if that's not bad enough. The view was a totally crap. Bad angle. I mean, yeah, it's the Strip View, but has a bad angle and I paid nearly $50 more for the view. And worst of all, "Self Parking Garage" is not CONNECTED to their hotel. We had to walk to the Casino. Took us ten minutes or a lil more. We parked on the 3rd floor and walked to PH. Unless you valet.
3	Stayed here one Saturday night ...it was so cozy I felt at home...till I woke up to the beautiful view! Went downstairs and had breakfast and my friend got me a car service home which was a breeze right in valet and it was a really nice night!  I would totally totally stay here again plus I love Planet Hollywood!!
4	Best thing about this hotel is that Earl of Sandwich is downstairs!  This hotel also houses the Miracle Mile Shops so you have easy access to Fat Tuesdays and affordable shopping (H&M, Billabong, an ABC store) if you stay at his hotel.As for the rooms, it is just your standard hotel room decorated with movie memorabilia from popular movies.  We liked our very spacious bathroom though.  Shower and hot tub, and lots of sink space.  Unlike the former PH Towers (now called Elara), there are not many outlets for charging your electronics (seems like a MUST these days living the smart phone/ipad/kindle/tablet age).For casino, since Britney does her shows here, they do a lot of promoting and play a lot of Britney's songs in the casino.  They also have a pleasure pit for some of the card games.  Dancers will come out at night in the pit.Not much to complain about this hotel so I wouldn't mind staying here again. The sleeping rooms alone are 3 stars but I'm bumping it to 4 because of all the easy access to shopping and Earls downstairs.
1	Really truly not my favorite. Check-in takes so long that you have to wait in roped off, winding snake line (like at Disney World) just to give your name and get to your room. After a long day of travel that is the last thing I wanted. The front desk staff were also unhelpful-- I had to ask where the gym and the pool were, no one offered that information and the gym is hidden inside the spa (way back), and the pool is randomly on the 6th floor so you'd never find it alone. The lobby has hideous lighting that is constantly changing and made me feel sick while I waited. The room was huge but the space was all wasted-- there was no refrigerator so we threw tons of leftover food away during our stay (not what you want in a city known for food), the television was positioned so that you couldn't watch it from the bed without straining, the decor was hideous and my back hurt every morning when I woke up from the terribly uncomfortable beds. My husband's company booked the room for us but I'd never stay here again even if it was paid for-- the tackiest hotel in the tackiest mall on the tackiest part of the Vegas strip, it just doesn't get any worse than that. The wifi was apparently free but also really really bad-- not fast enough to stream a movie or do work from the room. The only reason I thought of giving the place two stars instead of one is because Koi (restaurant on premises) was delicious-- but all of the other food was mediocre at best. The pool also wasn't scenic or particularly clean-looking but the staff was super nice and attentive out there and it was really big so there was plenty of room for guests to relax by the pool without being on top of one another, which was nice but it was just such an ugly pool space. The one staff member working at the gym was nice as well and they gave out free water bottles and apples. The view from the room wasn't so hot so I hope no one paid with that in mind. I'd go elsewhere.
4	Planet Hollywood is a great place to stay in Las Vegas.  The location is one of the best, it is pretty much in the middle of everything.  You have easy access to the entire strip.  The hotel has great options for food and since it connects to the mall shops you have everything you could ever need without even having to leave the hotel.  The casino area is small but still nice.  Check in and parking are easy and the service friendly.  The rooms were great and the beds comfortable.  I guess all the rooms have a movie memorabilia, ours had stuff from Natural Born Killers.  The room was very large and the bathroom one of the better ones I have had in Vegas.   They actually have good lighting and a huge bathtub.  I was happy with my stay and would stay here again.
1	The casino is nice the only problem is you have to go thru an army of very aggressive sales people to get in. Not worth it. One of the worst spots on the strip. I yelled at one of them to leave me alone and they surrounded me and my wife. You have been warned
3	Good location, nice variety of food options. Pool sucks. Rooms are okay, lay out and furniture seemed a little odd to me, and only a small window to enjoy your view. We had the Air Bud room, did anyone even see that movie???  Prices are fair so if pools aren't your thing it's a good choice, but if it's summer and you're jonesing for good pool time, look elsewhere.
5	Halloween weekend in the 33rd floor Apex Suite.There is no way to beat Planet Hollywood's location and things to do. Large Casino, shops and restaurants all around the miracle mile, starbucks by the front desk, Pin Up pizza and Pinks outside that makes perfect hangover food, ABC stores to ensure you have absolutely everything you need without having to even step outside. And if you do step outside, you are right in the middle of the strip! 10 minute walk to the bellagio or cosmo, 15 to ceasers, paris right next door.  It's excellent.If you do end up wanting to splurge, the Apex Suite is where you want to be. We did the 2 bedroom extender, over 2,000 sq feet, iPod dock, gaming tables, huge tv's, and amazing views. We could watch the bellagio fountains from the living room! Had a group of 9 (4 girls 5 guys - early 20's mind you) that all slept in this suite without bumping heads!Don't want to walk through the sales people to get to the front desk? Get valet service for your car, it's FREE and they work off of tips. If the lot says 'FULL', proceed to go in because they still offer it to guests staying at the hotel!Also, check in can take a little bit of time, but nothing ridiculous. The key is to stand where they can see you and get their attention, no that's not ideal but it's not a big enough draw back for me to lower my rating for this hotel.  Friendly people behind the desk, helped me with everything I needed.I would definitely stay here again!
5	Great stay from start to finish! Beautiful hotel, great upgrade to a room with the BEST view of the Bellagio fountains! Thanks To Jameson who was very friendly and helpful at the front desk. Awesome staff! Not to mention the shopping mall attached was awesome!
5	I loved Planet Hollywood! We stayed here for Spring break one year and had so much fun. Having been back to Las Vegas several times since then, PH always has the youngest crowd, staying up until the wee hours of the morning, when everything else gets pretty slow and quiet around 4 am. Planet Hollywood has a great atmosphere and probably the most convenient location on the strip in regards to distance to the other casinos and restaurants. Our strip view from the room was great, I think we paid for that view, though. The room as well as the rest of the casino were perfectly clean and maintained. I've stayed somewhere new each visit to Las Vegas, but I would definitely stay here again. It's fun for groups. It's just a fun casino!
4	Third time I've stayed here in the past several years the rooms are looking more run down everytime. definitely needs to be updated and have some maintenance done to bring it back up to how it was when It was the Aladdin.everything else in the public areas and the staff was fine
5	Great people,  very helpful staff! Room was very clean and very nice. Food was fantastic at Planet Dailies with great service. Can't wait to go back again. Hip Strip view at the hotel is highly recommended! !
3	$22.40 early check-in fee$24.94 mandatory daily resort fee - includes WiFi, access to the pool, and unlimited local calls.$5.00 minimum Internet kiosk if you need to print your boarding passSee the pattern here?  Talk about how to nickel and dime a person.Of the three fees above, we only found value in the early check in fee.  Standard check-in is at 4pm.  We arrived at 11am from our SFO flight.Our room was the Hollywood Hip Room which is a standard room, part of our Costco Travel package. You can upgrade for an additional fee.Big con - smoke rises.  Our hotel room was on the 31st floor.  When you wake up in the morning, you can smell the cigarette smoke.  Doesn't choke you but who wants to smell smoke. Planet Hollywood is part of the Total Rewards program under Caesar hotel and casino now. You can use the casino issued players card at over 30 different properties.
2	1)  Resort fees.  Come on.  You're going to charge me $25 for (a) a pool that is closed and (b) 512K wifi (yes, that's a "K").  Seriously?  With a straight face?2)  Loud rooms.  I could clearly hear conversations in neighboring rooms and in the hallway.3)  Try replacing the toiletries.  I'm there for four days; I shouldn't have to beg for shampoo.I used to recommend the PH.  It's in a good mid-strip location.  There's decent music on the PA (Bowie, Costello, Ramones, etc.), but it's pretty worn down these days.  There are better choices these days.
4	We didnt say here, but we sure wish we did.  We stayed at the Monte Carlo and found ourselves coming to Planet Hollywood almost everyday for something!The casino floor is beautiful and very lively!We had a couple of meals at Earl of Sandwich.We also had dinner at Gordon Ramsy's Burgr.We saw Brittney Spears at the theater at Planet Hollywood.As you can see, there is a ton to do here for the younger crowd and I would recommend staying here if you are looking for some lively action.In terms of location on the strip - Planet Hollywood is in a great location! You are right by the Bellagio and only a few minute walk to Cesar's palace.  The other nice part is that the casino floor is very close to the strip, unlike at Bellagio and Cesars where it seems like its a mile walk up the door!We also had an encounter with the front desk and they were wonderful! So very friendly!Looking forward to staying here on our next trip!
5	Not the best hotel I've stayed in (I would give the room 2.3-3 stars), but the service was amazing. I came here on a business trip and my executive assistant booked my stay for the day before I flew into town. Therefore when iarrived my reservation was canceled. Amy, at the front desk went above and beyond to find me a room, she was friendly and professional. It was a great experience.
2	The shops and attractions are what initially encouraged me to book at Planet Hollywood (aside from Ms. Britney Spears), especially since it's in the heart of the strip. You're in walking distance to it all! Planet Hollywood's Rock Bar, La Salsa Cantina, The Shops, Cabo Wabo, and (the late) Eli Roth's Goretorium all captivated me. These places alone I will come to everytime I return to Vegas. The hotel, however, is less than satisfactory. The rooms are quite dated and worn. If there is more than one person in a room forget about closet space! We had no refrigerator and no microwave. We were continuously having issues with our safe constantly jamming. Towels were scarce. Even though Planet Hollywood is home to many of my favorite spots, I do not think I will be staying there again. I was definitely fooled by the glitz and glamour of the casino, the actual rooms are nothing like. Great place for shopping, dining, and entertainment; not for staying.
4	Wow what a blast I had. Winning a few dollars at the black jack tables. Free drinks. And awesome staff.
2	Ok , here's the break down. $20 early check in fee .. Wtf never heard of that. $25 resort fee. This is for your "free wifi " and you get speeds of 512 kb with it. Is this the 1990's ??!! In this day in age wifi should be free and fast. Couldn't even look a picture on sites like this one due them taking forever to load. As for the rooms they are super dated and run down. This hotel needs a serious facelift. The only reason I did not give it one star was its location on the strip and the miracle mile mall is a great place to walk around , have a drink and people watch. Next trip it will be back to the Cosmo.
4	Awesome stay, the girl who checked us in made an awesome job at a first impression of Las Vegas. She helped with direct us with things to do whether it cost money or just free attractions. Gave an upgrade and the room faced the strip so we got to see the Bellagio water show ever night without the crowd. The room was actually nice and clean and the bathroom was clean as well. Negatives:The only thing wrong with the room was the water pressure of the shower head, it was so powerful I felt like my skin was going to come off. Literally.  And wtf do we pay for amenities we don't even use? We should get to pick and choose what we'd use, I never went to the pool, gym, used the wifi, or all that other crap. I mean if we're shopping and gambling that should be enough, you blood sucking monsters. Other than that:A great place to stay, it has a mall in it. Lots of places to eat. If you don't want to walk too far to a liquor store there is one downstairs. Live environment and doesn't smell like butt, cause New York New York smelled horrible every time we were in there. There's Bar and Grills at almost every exit on the main strip so you never really have to walk too far. In a great spot right across all the main attractions. Perfect for the Bellagio water show.
1	I recently stayed 2 nights at the Hotel on the 38th floor. I spent a little over $200 for the two night (including a $25 per night resort fee). When we arrived we noticed that the room was the last floor on the North Bank of elevators. Apparently there is some kind of industrial complex above the 38th floor and it literally shook the walls of the room and made the loudest rumbling scraping noises every 15-20 seconds. We couldn't even sleep. When we checked out we mentioned how terrible the room was and asked what was on the 39th floor. The check-out person told us "Well if you're a light sleeper you should have told us." So apparently they know that the 38th floor has noise issues but they put guests there anyway and if you don't complain then you're SOL. Also, the glasses in the room had lip marks on them, so we had to hand wash them with a rag and soap in order to drink from them.Would not recommend.
3	I remember staying at this hotel back when it was the Aladdin, and when it became PH, I was a bit curious how they integrated the "Aladdin" theme into their overall space, because they didn't change the Miracle Mile shops or their buffet, which is still named "Spice Market."We finally had the chance this past weekend to stay, since it was one of the more reasonably priced hotels for a trip on a whim, and it was a great location - super central, close to the Cosmopolitan (where we like to eat and drink), Paris (more eating) and Aria (even more eating).  Husband booked us a Strip-view room, and we were in the north tower on the 37th floor.Great views - we were directly across from the Cosmo and could see (and hear) the Bellagio fountains.  However, the amazingness of the room pretty much stops there.-The bathrooms were outdated-We had a nice little accumulation of dust on the side tables (and even after housecleaning came by, they were still dusty), and the entertainment unit/shelving looked pretty tired-There wasn't much of a theme to the room, basically one or two posters of old movies-Saturday night there was this strange whooshing sound around our window - it did that every few minutes for about an hour, then went away-The worst part was when I turned on the sink Saturday night and no hot water came out.  I waited a few minutes, then gave up and continued to brush my teeth.  The next morning, still no hot water (just from the sink, the shower was fine).  We told the front desk upon checking out, so hopefully they went and checked it out.Basically stay at PH for the location and price, as it's cheaper than Cosmo and Aria but still near shopping and good food.  But for a nicer, more modern stay, go to Aria or Cosmo.
5	We stayed this last weekend at PH and had an awesome experience. The room was clean and the bed super comfy.  Loved the oversized bathtub and the Strip view. The halls smell of smoke but no issue with that in the room. Friendly staff. ..Great location. Skip Planet Dailies-slow service and the food is not so great.
4	I paid about $70 per night . For that amount it is a good value . Great location and pretty darn good restaurants . Gordon RAmsey burger was very good.NegativesThe wi if is very slow, and the guest hallways could use an update.Overall a good value.
4	First time we stayed here it was during construction when they first opened. Since we come to Vegas a lot I like to try new hotels each time. Wanted to give PH another try since a strip view room was pretty reasonable. Line for check in moves faster than others I have experienced so that was ok. Valet and baggage claim was great throughout our entire stay. A little disappointed blinds were broke when we arrived and had to call maintenance to fix. What's the point of strip view if i cannot see out of window. They did fix it within a couple hours so I was satisfied, housekeeping was great, staff is friendly, I think the rooms could use a little upgrading, the bathtub is HUGE and the view from 35th floor was cool. Able to see Bellagio fountains also. Just a note there is an old Paramount picture outside of South elevators and if you look and find Robin Williams on it you can clearly see he is the only unhappy person in the picture, that was very sad to see, because it was a long time ago.
5	I really like this hotel/casino. The rooms are nice, not that you spend much time there. The bathtub was enormous...and I like a good soak. The bed was really comfy. And the shades keep out that pesky sun, trying to wake me before 10am.The casino dealers are very friendly. I always have a good time playing there. It'll be my future Vegas home base.
4	Younger party crowd casino hotel.  We went here in the summer on a weekend fri to sat. Pools 2 stars... Pool was older.  One pool was a drunk fest party pool, and the other was more mellow.  Pools are older and not glamorous.  Pool deck is HUGE.  Pools were clean and maintained given the party atmosphere.  The pool deck did have a nice view of the strip.Casino 4 stars... Casino and lobby are nice here, and it has a party atmosphere.  Clean and fairly new.  Koi restaurant on the mezzanine was good.Room. 3 stars.  We got a regular room, and it was moderately new, but clean.  Bathroom had a nice shower stall and was big.Planet Hollywood is a better hotel than flamingo or ballys, but not as nice as mirage or MGM.
4	Have yet to spend the night at Planet Hollywood's hotel.  Their casino and Miracle Miles shops are a different story.  They have a good selection of shops to browse and restaurants to eat at.I like the casino here.  Okay, I am bias.  I have gambled here 3 times in the past.  Each time, I finished with more money than I started with which is a very good thing.  The smoke filled casino does not bother me when I am winning.  Anyways, Planet Hollywood lately tends to be a place we walk to when we are in Vegas.  Great location in the heart of the Strip.
1	YIKES. We had a very bad experience here, unfortunately.I went for a work trip and you can't imagine the thrill I had knowing we were staying in the same hotel that Britney is preforming at (the teenage girl in me is still star struck) but honestly, I've never had a worse experience in Vegas. The first day our room wasn't even ready when we arrived, by the third day our room hadn't been cleaned once, and the fourth day our neighbors took it upon themselves to hotbox their hotel room which led to the vent pumping their smoke into our room. At first the hotel did NOTHING about our neighbors and told us that this was impossible. Finally after much pestering they sent a secutriy guard up who immediately confirmed our suspicion and told the front desk to move us. They then refused to give us adjoining rooms like we had reuqested when we booked the hotel and didn't even offer us a discount despite spending 5 nights there! Terrible, terrible, terrible!
3	The only reason why this hotel is getting 3 stars is because of its proximity to Urban Outfitters.  Right on the strip, many of the popular hotels and eating areas are located within walking distance.  And my favorite store Urban Outfitters is right downstairs in the Miracle Mile Shops.  So if you're looking for convenience, location, and price, Planet Hollywood is a great place to stay....if you don't care about lavish amenities.  When I booked the hotel, it averaged around $80-$115 a night.  Very reasonable for a strip hotel.Yet...this hotel comes with crappy old movie memorabilia inside your hotel room.  We had some obscure 1995 Cindy Crawford movie poster hanging in the bathroom, an entire costume/outfit from the movie glued to the freaking wall (taking up an entire wall space where a window could have gone), and a Cindy Crawford book permanently implanted inside a table.  Not the most classy hotel room decor.  The windows (or should I say window, as in ONE) were too small, which was unfortunate because it had a great view of the Bellagio Fountain.  You also could hear the water running very loudly in the adjacent hotel rooms.  It actually sounded like Niagara Falls was in the next room over.  They need to work on sound-proofing the rooms because we could hear youngins clubbing it up down below.  Not pleasant when you're too old for that shit and you want a good night's sleep.There was only one sink, but a separate shower and tub, which is always nice.  Two sinks would have been nicer though, because sharing sinks with the hubby isn't fun.  They do have 24 hour room service, which actually had great pizza that was very similar to Round Table.  I can't complain much though; the room was clean and the maid service adequate.  3 stars all around.
5	Let's just say, it's refreshing to step into the lovely Planet Hollywood and to be embraced with quality decor, great service and overall good energy and vibes.I come to Vegas all the time, since I am from Los Angeles, and have tried a variety of places....I have two high strong recommendations1) planet hollywood2) ariaHave a great Vegas trip and good luck ;)
3	PROS: Affordable room rates, GREAT location on The Strip, connected to the "Miracle Mile" shops, has a Gordon Ramsey Restaurant, and $9 worth of Starbucks cash daily.CONS: HORRIBLE PARKING for guests,  the Hotel Valet fills up quickly and thus closes allowing only for self parking.  This was a killer and may not book with them again.
3	Pros:-Affordable price-Convenient location on the strip-Lots of places to eat and shop at Miracle Mile Shops. There are a lot of affordable food options here...Pin-Up Pizza, Earl of Sandwich, Pink's, La Salsa Cantina (breakfast).-Free wifi (only on two devices)Cons:-Self service parking. It is SO far away from the rooms. Way too long of a walk, especially when you are carrying a bunch of bags full of alcohol, water, shoes, etc. Do valet parking instead. Apparently it's free.-The line to check in was ridiculously long. There should have been more than 3 people working at the front desk on Thanksgiving.-Pillows are extremely uncomfortable.-Towels are really thin and not very soft.One other thing. We were walking back to the elevators to get to our room around 2am. There was a guy completely passed out, face planted into the floor in the corner. A staff member walked right past him and didn't do anything! He didn't call anyone to help the guy out. He didn't try to wake him up. Horrible! I walked to the lobby and made sure one of the people at the front desk called security. I understand that I'm sure they see this kind of thing a lot with people being drunk and all that. But come on, help the guy out. He's obviously wasted. Get him back to his room. I think I would try a different hotel next time I'm in Vegas.
2	Uh. I was SO looking forward to you, PH, after seeing you in so many movies...but alas, you disappointed! My sister and I go to Vegas once every couple of years. She lives in Baltimore, I live in Boston, so I meet her down in her neck of the woods and after Thanksgiving we get on a plane to Vegas, baby! We've stayed in many hotels here over the years. I heard good things about Planet Hollywood and wanted to give it a try. First of all, this place is DARK...even for Vegas. LOTS of dark wood panelling, and the main hotel is definitely beginning to look outdated despite renovations and the tower addition. Maybe my room would be different? Meh. Was it awful? No. Was it anything to write home about? No. It was clean (except the table..there was some type of residue...glass tables in a Vegas hotel room are just ASKING for trouble, if you know what I mean...I can't imagine the things housekeeping has to scrape off after a looonnggg night/morning of partying). My sister's friend met us and she was obviously is a room that had NOT been renovated. Ay yai yai....I would def have asked to move if I were here. Striped walls and a mattress that was lopsided. Looked 20 years too late.I'm not sure what it is, but even some of the hotels older than PH have a "newer" feel to them. Something feels kind of grimy about PH...maybe it has to do with all the dark wood panelling, but I can't say I was impressed with anything :(I WILL say the location is EXCELLENT and very centralized to the strip- location wise you can't get much better. While I wouldn't *not* stay here if it was heavily discounted/ or someone else was paying for it, I would not stay here again. Just my opinion! Nothing wonderful, but nothing bad. It's Vegas, so you want it to be exciting, which a lot of the other hotels do a good job with.
1	Horrible!  Dark and feels old.  Many of the staff seemed like they could care less.  We stayed due to our convention being in the hotel and needed to stay near the rest of our group.  After the first night we found bed bugs in our room.  They moved us to a room 5 doors down and had us sign a report saying we saw bed bugs but did nothing to make us feel more comfortable other than that.  We went everywhere else to enjoy Vegas and wish we hadn't stayed there.  Avoid this place if you are looking for more than a scary nights sleep.
1	We went here to celebrate my son's bday.. I was so excited because last time i checked in here, it was Alladin Hotel and we had a nice suiteroom..Unfortunately, planet holkywood is a big disappointment.. rude receptionist, rude front desk.. bathroom sink is clogged and its leaking from underneath, the shower room is clogged.. i slipped and almost fell in the bathroom.. i called the front desk to request if we cam change of room, and he toldme in a flat voice, "nottonight, only tom during check out time".. no apologies heard.. we called the housekeeping to give us more bathroomrug for overflowed water.. he is the only person who apologize for inconvenience, he called the maintenance and he came at around 1:30am.. after he drained the water from the shower and bathroom sink, he left it so dirty (yuck!!) i didnt really feelcomfortable after that.. that early morning, i went straight to the receptionist forchange of room.. still the same "no smile, no  word of sorry" not even concerned with the guest complaint..  im never gonna checkin here again.. i go to vegas at least 10x/year.. if you want a really pleasant staff, whollmake you feel at home and comfortable, then dont go in here.. ive been to palazzo, venetian, nobu, trump, hard rock suites, ceasars, aria, wynn and encore.. this hotel by far is the worst ive been
5	I loved this room! It was a little pricey but overall really nice. I had a bad experience at one of the lounges. Its not the hotels fault but the rooms are nice The beds super comfortable I think I slept more than actually being out lol Thats how good the beds were. I would highly recommend.
3	Look...the location is a 5 star. Service also a 5 star. Rooms are 3 star. Pretty small rooms. Old bathrooms inside with plastic tubs. The gym is awful and spa from what I saw Im glad we booked our services at the Palms. Price is 5 star. Access to shopping other casinos etc 5 star. My wife had a dress delivered it was $10 bucks to pick it up. I get you gotta make money but come on. Resort fee required and gym sucked. Sorry..i mentioned that. Did I say the gym sucked? Yeah...I know. Look while 3 star honestly..Id stay here again but gym and spa at Mandalay Bay and rooms blows Planet Hollywood away.
5	I love Planet Hollywood it's my favorite hotel in Vegas ! it is so pretty they have great store and the miracle mile mall is amazing the Mac store there's great upstairs is to die for , the foods really good the shows there or kick ass ! Britney Spears is awesome. All their bars are really cute and the atmosphere is very kid friendly in the mall ! I come to Vegas every year and I go to Planet Hollywood every time I come!(:
4	I'm definitely a fan of Planet Hollywood, it's right by everything that I came to the trip for. The rooms are awesome, and I loved the bathrooms, shower, and hot tubs. The casino's layout is awesome but the table minimum's are all 15 dollars and above.  The PF changs inside planet Hollywood was really tasty. However I do have one complaint, it was the plumbing and drainage issues in the room. The toilet got flooded at one point and the sink didn't drain and the water was overflowing. Other than that the hotel was very nice and more than I expected.
1	Was staying at this hotel and the security completely refused to be reasonable and evicted us without offering to relocate when we got noise complaints. I was in a suite with a stripper pole in the shower. What kind of room has a stripper pole in it that isn't expected to be loud? Never going back. Stupid.
1	Planet Hollywood is a nice place except for one reason! The gym & spa closes at 7pm!!! Wtf???I also brought my little brother who's 14 years old to the gym and this FAT lady at the desk said NO he's under age... That's why I call this place Planet Fattty and that's why she looks the way she does because she never believed in children's health & fitness... She believes in Fatness :(
4	Very inexpensive. Planet Hollywood has everything you need. From gambling, to Chipotle :) to a good selection of stores to shop from.Great room service.
4	Lots of fun things to do at Planet Hollywood!This property is great because of its location and all the fun things inside of it! From the mall with so many great stores & restaurants to all the different shows, the central location, the clean casino & nice rooms this property is great all the way around. There's also tons of parking spaces & it's convenient to get in & out of. If you're checking in it's worth upgrading to a strip view because you'll see the amazing Bellagio fountains!
3	Fun & Upbeat!  But the sales persons all outside along the building are not only annoying but makes you not wanna go back after the first visit to avoid all the bothersome sale pitches, being cornered and approached.  Tons of HOES in the wee hours or once the sun goes down. Definitely not kid friendly in my opinion. Good slotss, talked and super nice staff waking all around. But it's Vegas I expected some of this crap and im cool with it.  Just my opinion. Chow
3	Perfect location, which is super important!!! Spacious room. Cheap price if you avoid the busy season. Nice shopping mall with most of the stuff you would need to buy.A little complaint, I stayed for 4 days, for the first three days no one cleaned the room, changed the towel, etc. etc. Also the room is outdated.
2	This would have been a 4 star review until the 90 minute wait at the valet. I get it, it's check out time but to have only 6 valet on service is poor management and bad customer service especially at the end of a great stay. I won't come back for this fact alone.
1	Worst experience ever!!! Paid for a 2 Queen room and they gave me a 1 King room, they expect me to share a bed with another guy or not sleep at all. They don't have an extra bed either, they gave me a room that I don't want and charge me extra!!!
1	BEWARE!!!!!!!Stayed at Planet Hollywood Resort and their staff STOLE a pair of expensive pair boots while my wife was taken to emergency due to illness!!!
2	GREAT location in middle of strip cool casino/restaurantsOUR room was NOT CLEAN!!!! dusty as hell. there was pills on the floors from previous guest... how hard is it to vacuum? sink was clogged. self parking is HORRIBLE be aware if u drive n park, you have to walk through the miracle mile mall after you fight for parking. the walk itself prob take up to 10 minutes sucks if you are in a rush... way better options in terms of rooms to stay in.
4	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #29:this place is sensory overload to the fullest; high ceilings with lots of colors & lights; pumping music, and sexy go-go dancers gyrating on stages all around the gaming tables; though it's not that big, it's easy to get lost in here; the hotel check-in is downstairs, and upstairs is a more serene floor of multiple small theaters (including a comedy club), a red & black themed conference room area, a cool mini wedding chapel, and a couple of higher-end restaurants; very much integrated with the surrounding Miracle Mile shops, which offer fun & affordable shopping; several good cheap eats options (Earl of Sandwich, Meatball Spot, Pink's Hot Dogs); and Britney Spears is still pulling the hordes in at the main theater; best craft beer bet = Sin City Brewing has an outpost in the shops area; Gordon Ramsay's burger place is OK for beer; and there is an ABC variety store that has a solid selection of 22 oz. bombers (including many by Rogue Brewing) for only $8
1	If I could give zero stars I would. Waiting in line an hour to check-in?! (Maybe longer-still here!)Really? Figure it out. Will never oil here again.
2	Great location, ok rooms, ok restaurants. Horrible staff. I felt like i was inconveniencing them by asking for simple directions. Incredibly rude and everyone looked like they were miserable. Probably the worst part of my experience was the Spa. Please avoid this hell hole even if they offer it to you for free! It is incredibly dirty and smells. I couldnt take more then 20 min and i left to take a long shower in my room. Try calling the front desk and youll wait anywhere from 10 to 20 minutes every time. There are SO many better hotels on the strip around the same price. I will not be staying here again!
4	Stayed here for three nights. One of the better rooms we've had on the strip. It's a well kept and nice hotel. The only drawback is the cable/satellite cots in and out quite frequently which is annoying.
5	I liked this casino but I didn't get to have fun in it I was only here for my job on work related business back in 2012.
4	Planet Hollywood is a great hotel in Vegas. It's in the middle of cheap and luxurious. I believe that this hotel provides all the basic essentials you need in Vegas. The rooms are large and accommodating. They let you check in early for $20+ more dollars -- eh not that bad. We needed to get in a bed since we drove so early! The check-in line most recently was the longest thing ever - and it seemed like hardly any of the customer services areas were open...so weird.The casino part of this hotel is the best part because they have great food options and an entire mall! The Miracle Mile Shops are something I visit every time I'm in Vegas regardless if I were staying there or not. Earl's Sandwiches is the highlight-- open 24 hours :) The club here is not the best, but they got a whole lotta other things going on worth checking out.
1	If you can find another hotel, I'd go that route. I've given PH so many opportunities to redeem themselves, but for some reason, they keep messing up! I've never experienced such horrible customer service--both in person and on the phone. I honestly don't think they even understand the concept of customer service, which is unfortunate. Not once has PH ever provided me with the full experience of "Vegas." But it's alright--I'm from southern ca so a trip to Vegas comes far too often than I intend it to. There are so many better hotels on the strip and I've definitely gotten a great experience there!Ohh, and one last thing about ph: my best friend didn't like their pillows...so if your beauty sleep depends on the pillow you sleep on, don't expect much from PH
4	Stayed here again in December 2014!Sadly no panoramic this time, but the front desk girl ended up upgrading my room from a comped Hollywood Hip King (standard lol) room to a Vista Room for a small tip!The room itself was in the North Tower and super easy access to the casino floor. The bathroom was HUGE...2 separate sinks, oversized soaking tub, and standing shower. It was also nice having his and her closets too. The tub had a huge LCD over it and it gave a strip view where you can see Paris and the Bellagio fountains.The living space was tiny though. The bed took up the majority of the room and usually there is a coffee table or small couch, it lacked those amenities. Bed was a little worn in and the North Tower was worn down in general lolHowever, my biggest complaint had to be the "Strip View" they placed on the 12th floor and half the Strip view was the back of a building with lawn chairs and other pipes. so ASK FOR A HIGH FLOOR even if you booked a Strip View room. Again, 4 stars for this stay because I didn't pay for the room besides the $50 front desk tip and resort fees. Going rate for the room that weekend (Thurs to Mon) was about $150-$200 a night, so I got a good deal. Had I paid that price, I would have been disappointed though!Overall, Planet Hollywood is my go to spot when I gamble.The casino isn't excessively large yet large enough. The casino floor has high energy, and it has a nice range of table limits. Again, I would avoid the standard rooms unless you're getting a comp, but location is top notch! Another successful stay!
1	Worst place ever! Don't go! Bad service.  Room dirty. Hard to get around Casino then try to get back to your room with NO alcohol involved. Charged us $57 for using their spa/WiFi which we never did! They basically said so what...you're charged! Worst check in AND check out. Be prepared to stand there forever.  If you're looking for a Hotel on the strip in Vegas. I rather sleep on the street than go to this place,  at least the street ppl are more fun!!!
5	Loved staying here stayed back in September all the host and dealers where very friendly and helpful. The atmosphere is awesome and the inside was very pretty.
1	Worst customer service ever! It took the front desk about 20 minutes to check me in when there was no one in line. I asked 3 different employees where the parking structure was only to be told the wrong directions multiple times or the employee was completely unaware of the general direction of anything. I get to the valet and I start unloading my bags only to have the valet and the bellhops stare at me and only come help me when I asked who brings bags upstairs. Its a nice hotel, but everyone looked miserable and like they didn't want to be working there. There's definitely better hotels.
1	Never experienced even a luke warm shower. Then upon checkout we got a surprise $28 per night charge for the WiFi, fitness room, and spa. This charge is not negotiable, everyone is charged this. Why isn't that included in the final cost I previously paid? Sorely disappointed. No refrigerator or coffee maker either. Will never return. Did I mention rude?
2	A disappointment. When we arrived at valet, the staff informed us that valet was full and we had to self-park or leave our car with the key inside until more space opens up. So much for first impressions!When we stayed here in June 2014, we slept in a standard room with 2 queen beds. The room was extremely claustrophobic. The bathroom sink had terrible drainage, and the water pressure from the shower head was pathetic. The only thing going for the Planet Hollywood is its centralized location on the strip. When we complained to the hotel staff about the poor condition of the bathroom amenities, they were reluctant to accommodate us. After a back and forth telephone tango, they finally offered to waive our resort fee for one night. Big whoop. Save your money and time and stay at the Monte Carlo or Flamingo. Both hotels have more spacious rooms that have been recently renovated and touched up. Planet Hollywood is overrated, and leaves you with a feeling of mild dissatisfaction.
5	Treated special everywhere I went.  Fast check-in at busy time (3pm).  Free parking with fast valet.  Great variety of restaurants - Koi, Gordon Ramsay, Rockbar, PF Changs, Pizza by the slice.  Clean room and great gym.  Casino was outstanding and the pleasure pit with the go-go girls was the best.
1	This was by far the worst hotel I have stayed in on the Strip, and definitely not the cheapest.  The lady at the registration desk was not friendly at all.  We got into our room and were immediately not impressed.  The room was very dark.  There was a small desk light and one end table lamp.  There was also a large lamp in the corner, but it was not plugged in for some reason.  It did work though, once we found the problem.  There was also some running lights around the room that did not work at all.  There was a missing drawer and missing doors in the dresser.  There was only one single accessible outlet, which we discovered later also didn't work.  We complained about the light at the front desk within an hour after checking in.  The desk clerk offered to move our room, but insinuated that it wouldn't get any better.  He did supposedly place a work order for the lights, although we never saw or heard from anybody and they were never fixed.  After showering the next day, I discovered there was no hair dryer in the room.  They brought me one the next day, and it did not work.  After spending three nights in the hotel, I was finally able to actually dry my hair!  We were staying at PH on New Year's Eve, and our friends that were travelling with us received information in their rooms about the street closing, but that was not provided to us.  We also learned from visiting other rooms, that our room was also missing an end table lamp.  Some other minor details, that I'm sure bothered me more based on our terrible experience...the furniture was haphazardly placed blocking access to the window, our bed was not made on the last day, there were two closets but only one had hangars.  The location is good, but I definitely recommend staying elsewhere.  There are plenty of options on the Strip, many priced more reasonably than PH.
