4	Market Bistro is AWESOME for anybody who likes a good salad!  I was sad & disappointed that DISH closed because that's where I would get my veggie fix before, but I'm so glad to have found Market Bistro!  I think the salad bar is better and they have a better variety of ingredients that you can choose.  My favorites are the candied walnuts, fennel, edamame beans, fresh beets, and the delicious chicken that's grilled while I wait.  The portions are HUGE and it's a great value for right around 10 bucks!I haven't tried anything else on the menu but they also have sandwiches and pizza.
3	You know when you make a copy of the original and its not quite the same? Juts a little fuzzy around the edges, not as sharp but usable? That is how I felt at the new location of Market Bistro. Similar vibe that I enjoy at the original isn't quite as pulled together at this location. Maybe the lack of a lounging area or the weird particle board chic tables? Or the fact that every table was dirty except one by the blast furnace (front entrance).. maybe the grease dripping on the glass in front of the grill? No forks? I'm sorry if I sound like a banging on MB.. but these are things that can be improved on. The Mr and I shared a salad and a Cuban sandwich.. the control freak in me of course got off on the salad making.. this was probably the best salad Ive made to date.. you should be able to patent your creations! The Cuban sandwich was okay.. the ciabatta rolls are so thick and chewy that when you take a bite the toppings sort of fire out the back.. for a Cuban sandwich I think it had some sort of Asian spice, like cardemom?? Anyway, the Mr didn't like it at all. This being his first time he was confused as to why I went on and on until he took a bite of my patent pending salad, then it all made sense to him. The salads are just so complete and delicious!I look forward to coming again.. I just hope that they can make a perfect copy of the original or go for a different feel entirely.
3	Market Bistro is the newest addition to my work lunch portfolio.  The menu has a nice selection of salads, sandwiches and pizza, but honestly the salads are so great that I, or anyone who I have gone with, haven't ventured beyond the greens.  The setup of Market Bistro is similar to the logistics of a Chipotle -- ultimate customization -- but they will bring your food out to you when it's done.  For grilled-to-order chicken, the 2 minutes is definitely worth the wait!  They serve beer and wine (only to tempt me during work hours, I think).  I crave their Citrus Basil salad, which is delicious and even more satisfying when you add chicken and unshelled edamame.  My friends have really enjoyed the "build your own" salad option, which has a huge variety of toppings, from artichoke hearts to fennel to pine nuts.This place is definitely going to steal some of my lunch money market share from Zipps (sorry Monaco Focaccia).
3	Three of us tried this place for the first time last night, a Tuesday night.  We split a sausage pizza ($12.99) described on the menu as italian sausage, roasted fennel, carmelized onion and roasted red peppers.  Two of us liked the pizza and one of us thought is was just OK.  Two of us thought it had way too much fennel.  Unless you want fennel to dominate the taste of the pizza ask them to cut back on it.  I thought the pizza crust tasted too sweet.  I don't put sugar in my pizza crust.  I would call this thin crust pizza with lots of toppings, making it medium thick and somewhat soggy, not as crisp as I would like.The citrus basil salad ($6.99) was just the right size for 3 to split with a pizza.  Two of us liked the salad a lot, but one thought the dressing was a little tart from the citrus,  but refreshing.  The greens were fresh and nice.  We all loved the candied walnuts, which there were plenty of.Two of us shared a small bottle of merlot wine ($14).   It poured two glasses of medium quality wine.  It was just OK.  For $7 a glass I was thought it should have been better.The young staff was friendly and helpful in taking your order and money.  Although I thought the two big pierced lip rings the register guy had were gross.  What a turn off.   They should put him in the back where the public doesn't have to look at him.  The process here is; stand in line, order your food, order drinks at the register, and then you carry your drinks, plates, glasses, and salad to the table.  Then you go get your water, napkins, and tableware yourself.  This means you might save a couple of bucks on a reduced, or no tip, depending on how you think this system is suppose to be compensated.The furnishing were basic but pleasant.  Tables were spaced well apart so you don't feel crowded.  The background music was pleasant and not too loud.  It wasn't noisy liked some places.  But it wasn't real busy either.Overall two of us liked the place and wanted to go back.  The third person, me, thought it was just OK, and I would go back if the others wanted to since it's close by.  But I'm always on the look out for great pizza, and this was just OK pizza.The total bill for three of us, with two drinking wine, and one drinking water, was $36.80, before tip.  And you may not need to tip due to the self serve style.
4	So, after I read some of the reviews I was a little shocked but then again.  I wasn't!  I wasn't shocked because I too have been to a few places where I did not like the first meal, but saw that I like the place, liked the staff and environment.  So, I re-read the reviews again.  And, the only one that stands out (because I like wine) was Marks review... not because it was negative... it was not accurate. "Two of us shared a small bottle of merlot wine ($14).   It poured two glasses of medium quality wine.  It was just OK.  For $7 a glass I was thought it should have been better."First they do not have a Merlot 1/2 bottle.  Second if they did and you were drinking merlot, half the time its barley assisting the food in the pairing.  & third the wine selection they have is super (go for the primus-it killer)!  The Half bottles concept is great.  You can share the bottle with a friend, sip it by yourself while enjoying the "create your own salad" (which is the best way to "shock your taste buds with great, quality add on's that you would never try at home) or while enjoying a slice with a friend or 2.  Now back to the wine.  And, if you are sipping BYS and you like the wine, you can take it home, while only paying 12.00 not $24.00 + for a full bottle.... all the wines are under $12.. That is awesome....Will I return to Market Bistro? For sure I did last night.  I had the Arizona Tri-tip, side of Mac-n-cheese, and One bottle of the Primus- 2005 Red blend from Chile.  A great balanced wine, with bold, ripe fruits and lively red tannins that went perfectly with the sired Arizona tri-tip!  I had two small glasses and went home for the night.... Around 930 I polished the Primus off and today here I sit - thinking.... I might go back on Thursday.  This time with a friend!
5	It was late evening after flying in, and we were quite hungry. We were headed to meet up with the rest of the baseball team at their condo and knew they had pizza. But, 9+ guys with 2 large pizzas, not likely to get any by the time we get there. So, we went shopping at Safeway for good for the week and for breakfast and found this place in the same plaza. We walked in and the place looked pretty good. A great grill and salad making station and the place was pretty full. The menu looked pretty darn good and I wanted just about one of everything. I was craving some beef, wo whatever it was, it would have some tri tip on it. I thought I should start off the week with something remotely healthy, so a salad was on the agenda. The pre-mades looked pretty good, but then I noticed the salad "create you own" with 7 mix ins and several choices of dressings. MMMMM perfect to me. So, black beans, artichoke hearts, edamame, blue cheese, sun dried tomatoes, cranberries, and  I chose the chipotle dressing. They plop it all in a huge bowl and mix it up for you. Humongous for roughly the price of a big restaurant salad.SG got a pesto chicken sandwich, which I assume he liked, since he did not share, nor make any comments about. He did eat a bunch of my salad and really seemed to like it. He almost did not want to give it back. Its all good. We both seemed to enjoy our dinners and we got to share the one remaining piece of pizza back at the condo. Check it out!
3	I had heard some things about the new Market Bistro in the shopping center at Greenway and 64th.  I have been looking for a good, quick, sandwich spot that I could go to and Market Bistro is just that.  Its a good concept, basically DISH, without everything.  Its just sandwiches, soups, salads, and drinks.  I happened to be in the mood for a sandwich the day i went in.  I ordered the California Turkey not knowing what to expect.  It had all sorts of incredients.  Fresh grilled carved turkey, avacado mayo, swiss cheese, oven roasted tomato, tossed with romaine in oregano vinaigrette served on sourdough.  Sounds tasty right??  It was!  However, I took my sandwich to go and by the time i got back the bread was a little to mushy for me.  I like biting into a nice pieace of bread when I eat a sandwich.  Imagine that...bread...sandwich...who would have thunk that.  But all the ingredients in the sandwich were very tasty.  So I think Im gonna give this place a second go.  Maybe ill try the soup or salad next time or just tell them to go light on the dressing on the sandwich.  All the incredients look fresh and everything is prepared in front of you.  So if you need a quick sandwich, soup or salad....Market Bistro may be the place for you.
4	Bistro.... Brasserie.... These are the type of places where we typically stay away from......... With 3 kids the eatery's we like are fast (not fast food fast), friendly, fresh, and good. This "Bistro" makes the mark. It is counter service, with a catch....they take the food to your table. Seriously, the guy that grilled our food was the same person who served our table. Wife was sold on the salad (Cobb with Tri-Tip). I had the tri-tip sandwich. The meat could have been sliced a bit thinner....tri tip is not the most tender meat. You know how it goes... bite the sandwich and a chunk of meat and dressing is hanging from your mouth and your trying to yank on it..... Don't get me wrong it was good, messy good. What won me are the kids meals. For under $5, our child's jr. meals included meat (choice of Chicken pesto, Tri, and Pork) and two sides. Kids loved the mac and cheese. The carrots were smothered in brown sugar or maple syrup...Also included their drink. One suggestion to improve this place would be for someone to take your order and give you a slip so when you get the the register, you know what your ordered. We have 5 in our family so getting everyones meals right was a chore. OK for my wife, not so much a chore. We including this in our family places to eat.
3	Friendly service, large portions...I went for lunch today and I really like the concept of this fast-casual, healthy bistro.I went during the busy lunch hour, so I shouldn't have been surprised by the crowd.  But it took a really long time to wait in line and place my order.  Good thing I was in good company - Marcus D can make the time go by anywhere... (you know he's good when he can capture my fiance's attention even with his major ADD).  I designed my own salad (7 ingredients + turkey), and Marcus went with a turkey sandwich.  The salad was huge!  The house balsamic dressing was recommended but I wasn't a fan.  I was happy I requested it on the side because I took it right back up and exchanged it for ranch instead - much better!  Not sure why, but the salad was just ok.  I would request avocado and garbanzo toppings next visit... and a protein other than the turkey.  Marcus seemed to enjoy his sandwich.Overall, my first experience at Market Bistro was a-ok... I'll be back but I am not in a huge rush.  Perhaps I'll try a sandwich or soup next visit.
4	Market Bistro gets a four stars from me because the food is delicious and is something unique, that I couldn't easily make at home.The sandwiches are made with fresh meats rather than processed lunch meat and the meats are grilled to order.  The sauces are delicious and the produce and breads are all fresh. The soups are savory and the restaurant is clean. My sons and I can't wait to go back to try the chicken ceaser salad, which looks great!
4	I had the pleasure of trying Market Bistro last week with the fabulous Gabi K. Perhaps it was the company that drove the experience up to 4 stars for me. I had the California Turkey sandwich, which included avocado. While I like avocado, I was hesitant, as my experience with similar sandwiches is HUGE, THICK slices, which I don't like. I was happy to see that they had a sort of "thin crushed" avocado layer, which was delish. The sandwich also had a vinaigrette dressing spread over it....not too soggy...just right and flavorful. While the sandwich was large and somewhat hard to control (I tried to take bites when Gabi wasn't looking, so she wouldn't see me spill it all over myself!), it was really delicious. This place packs a crowd, but the line moves fast and there was plenty of seating. The portions are enormous, so come hungry!
4	I'm a fan of the bistro. Today, however, a seemingly 'customer' was going behind the kitchen area, flipping my pizza and even entering the kitchen door. What? If you are an owner and are enjoying the bistro, act like a customer! I was kind of disturbed by a casual guy eating in the restaurant with his family and then going to get  cups, plates, and food from the serving area. Can I do that next time? I hope I go back. I have taken friends. As I said , I am a fan. You need my business.
4	Stars are for the food! It gets a bit backed up during the lunch rush and I could see how it would effect someones rating. I can also see how people would either love this place or not like it at all because it is a bit unique from the ordering to the menu. I ordered the 1/2 Turkey BLT with the Chicken Tortilla Soup. I love this sandwich! The bread is great and a bit different which I like because it's a little chewey but you don't break your teeth on it like some "bistro" breads. The grilled sliced turkey has a nice seasoning on it and they are pretty generous with the portions. I think this sandwich ties together so nice because of the smoked paprika mayo and the roasted tomatoes... Oh yeah, the bacon isn't bad either. The soup at first seemed store bought but after further consideration I don't think it is. I am a big fan of soup and this was pretty decent. They also have corn chowder and garlic tomato and a "build your own salad bar" that has almost everything you can think of to put on a salad. Oh yeah, Pizza too! I haven't tried the Pizza yet but plan on it one of these days. Definitely one of my favorite lunch spots in the area!
4	I thought it was pretty damn good to be honest.Super speedy service as I was in the area to do my Taxes and figured with all the BEST OF signs that I'd see how much BS these guys were blowing up each others rears. I was surprised, the look was clean, fresh and professional. I had a California Turkey sandwich which believe it or not, actually contained warm sliced fresh turkey, what??? I'll be back because it's little things like that that really make a place stand out from the rest, and also, it's close to home :)
5	I'm in love with this place. They have the best salads, and they are HUGE! Even when you get the soup and salad (great tomato soup!), the "side salad" is still huge! It's a little pricey for salads, but I think it's worth it. It's the only place I know where the "build your own salad" comes with seven topping options, and they don't charge extra for avocado. I've never tried the pizza or sandwiches, but they look great, and back when I used to eat chicken, I thought their pesto chicken (on my salad) was really good.Enjoy!
4	I have driven by several times and was looking to get a bite to eat on my way home. Noticed the best of Phoenix signage not knowing what to expect. I took a look at the menu as I walked in and was intrigued. I must admit that I am a bit of a traditionalist when it comes to dining. Not feeling like branching out too much I picked the BLT. The service was super fast and the sandwich was fantastic! It was like euphoria for the mouth. The restaurant was clean and the staff was friendly. Dining opportunities like this make me want to try new things. I am sincerely excited to go back, try something new and that I tried this place out.
5	Hey, I stayed in Phoenix twice in the last 3 months and ate here everyday for lunch. Never, ever got tired of the offerings and had something different every time I came in. The salads are wonderful, and you can completely customize your own tossed salad. Totally fresh and delicious. I had several sandwiches and loved them all. I'm a big fan of the Chicken Tortilla Soup...yum!I ate at a place similar to this in San Francisco in a tiny little shop over 15 years ago and have wondered why somebody hasn't done a restaurant like this nationwide. I love it!
3	This place feels like it has great potential, but I have yet to be wow'ed a second time since my initial visit. The most recent visit is fresh in my mind, so I'll stick to that one in this review. I got the Market Tri-Tip sandwich which is composed of: grilled carved rosemary tri-tip, horseradish mayo, pickled onions with arugula tossed in oregano vinaigrette on ciabatta. The ingredients do seem like they are of pretty good quality, but the execution is off. I couldn't actually taste the beef in the sandwich, and there wasn't all that much in there. The only reason I knew the meat was there was because of the tough texture I had to fight through to break off a bite. I felt like like I was eating a horseradish mayo and pickled onion sandwich on some great bread. I picked up notes of the rosemary, but it had a hard time coming through that pickled onion, luckily the pickled onion is quite good. Let me say this though, I got one of their turkey sandwiches when I went for the first time and I thought it was a great sandwich. I had it back in April or something though so don't remember enough about it to really talk about it...So, the ambiance...I like being in this place. I could sit there and hangout with a group and talk all night, it's a comfortable relaxing setting for a sandwich place...especially when you consider some of the alternatives. They serve beer here and offer a decent selection. The people I have exchanged words with behind the counter all seemed friendly enough, but surprisingly had little advice to offer on menu items since they had not tried the things I was asking about. I guess the prices are about right because of what they are trying to make, but when they fall short like on my most recent visit I don't have a warm fuzzy feeling about the money spent. Overall, if you haven't been here yet, the place is worth a try. I live right around the corner from this place so when I don't feel like going far from home for dinner I go back and try it again, but personally, this isn't a place I would go out of my way to eat at.
4	If you're looking for a quality salad with great ingredients I definitely recommend this place. They have plenty of other choices to select from ranging from salads, sandwiches and pizzas; I'm just a bit partial to the salads. You can do a "create your own" and have some great pesto chicken mixed in as well. Pretty casual setting but great decor.
4	If you like "make your own" salads with a huge variety of fresh toss-ins and flavorful dressings, then Market Bistro is your place. The salads ($7.99) can get a wee bit pricey when you start adding in proteins ($2.29), but they're very big...enough for your entire meal, or even to share as a light meal. I've also tasted their tortilla soup, and it's wonderful, and I know others who enjoy their sandwiches.
5	I love everything at Market bistro, but I especially love the salads.  I always get the create your own with their homemade and delicious buttermilk Caesar dressing on the side.  That dressing is totally addictive!  The other thing I would wholeheartedly recommend is the Market pizza with goat cheese, artichoke hearts, oven roasted tomato, baby spinach, mozzarella, parmesan and basil pesto sauce.  It is probably my favorite vegetarian pizza.  You can get it by the slice at lunch, but have to order a whole pizza for dinner.I've had the corn chowder with poblano chiles soup and it was great.  I've not tried the roasted garlic tomato soup but my friend loves it.  Had a sandwich here once, with tri-tip with caramelized onions, but it doesn't seem to match the description of the ones currently on the menu.  The only thing I haven't loved so far is their Margherita pizza.Everyone here is always nice and friendly.  I love that it's family-owned and still doing well enough to open another location.  They now have online ordering, which I can't wait to try!
5	I adore this place. Not only do they use the freshest ingredients possible for those "make your own salads," but the team that works there is usually really incredibly helpful and hard working. The California Turkey sandwich is incredible.
4	Less than $10 for a huge sandwich and drink. The sandwiches are pretty big, one is really like the size of 2. I had the California Turkey and the turkey was seasoned and cooked to perfection. The grilled meat was warm, tender and moist. Loved the avocado mayo, vinaigrette and roasted tomatoes. One of my coworkers got the Cuban pork and that looked delicious as well. We both wanted to try each others sandwiches, but were too busy scarfing down our own to share. Think we'll split the two sandwiches next time so we can have both. The place was cute and clean inside. We got there before noon and although there were quite a few tables already taken up, there was no line to order. You order at the counter and then move along to pay at the cashier. You serve your own drink, but they come by your table to serve your meal. We waited about 5-10 minutes to get our food. They have quite a bit of seating inside at tables or at a bar type set up and also seating outside. I can't wait to come back. I'm already craving another sandwich from this place.
4	I have driven by several times before I finally stopped in.Admittedly, I was surprised by the menu, not sure why but I didn't expect to see this type of place in a strip mall?  Sorry.The food and staff were great, I tried numerous sandwiches and salads now and depending on what you are looking for, its all good.  My only issue, no real kids menu, the pizza was a bit large for one kid, otherwise I would recommend it to anyone.
4	I just love this place. I used to drive to Moon Valley to enjoy their cuisine. Now it is less than a mile away.Everything I have ever had (10 visits or more) has been perfect. I only wish they would  improve their kids menu. They have the ingredients already on hand to achieve this. My kids would go nuts for a broiled PB, honey and sunflower seed sandwich, or a bacon, apple and cheese melt. My husband and I can only go when our monsters are at school, because they know the menu isn't geared for them. Please try this great place no matter what.- it is a winner.
1	Quality ingredients and good recipes ruined by bad chefs.  The caesar salad had no flavor.  It tasted like lettuce, water and shaved parmesan.  The pepperoni pizza had obviously been sitting a while.  It was so dried out and all the pepperoni slices were even curled up at the edges.  The crust was like bisquick.  It tasted just like a frozen pizza.  The chipotle barbecue chicken sandwich was served ice cold, which I guess is ok but they really need to warn you.  It's not too much of a stretch to assume a barbecue sandwich will be hot.  $17 dollars later, and we're still hungry.  Their routine is way too complicated for them not to be on the lookout for newbies and tell them what to do.  They seemed to get their entertainment sitting quietly behind their counters watching all the customers wander around aimlessly like bumper cars.  Thanks guys.
3	I first stumbled upon the original Market Bistro on Thunderbird a couple of years ago, I liked it, and tried to stop by when I was in the area.  I was excited to see a location move to Scottsdale, and I have been there a couple of times now.First of all, I am not a salad kind of girl, but they do have a huge variety of salad toppings and I think this place would be a salad lovers dream!  I have had the soup (tortilla...very tasty), sandwiches and pizza all which pretty good.  I like that the sandwiches don't use processed lunch meat, but rather they carve the meat right there and then heat it up on the grill!  The California turkey is yummy, I really like the kick of the spicy mayo, and the bread is always very fresh!  On my last trip I had the Sonoma Chicken Pizza; chicken, pesto, cheese....it was good, I really liked the crust, but I just did not dig the tomato sauce that they used....too many herbs!  I think this would have been really good had the tomato sauce been better.So why you ask am I liking the food and only giving them 3 stars?  Well, I think it is a bit on the pricey side....I paid $16 for my pizza and a soda!  I can get the same thing at CPK for cheaper!  I like the casualness of the place, and the food is good, but I think it is way too pricey for a fast-casual concept.
5	If you haven't been to the Market Bistro I suggest you put on your shoes, grab your keys and head there now.  There are two locations, a Phoenix and N Scottsdale location.  I got my roomate hooked on the Arizona Salad, it's pretty spicy because of the Chipotle dressing but it's got the best flavor and will keep you coming back for more.  The pizza at Market Bistro is excellent too, they have their specialty which I always opt for, The Market...It's super fresh with artichokes, large tomatoes and spinach.  Also, if you have little kids-- they eat free on Saturdays!  Too bad I grew up in Nebraska or I'd had made my parents takes me here every weekend!mmhmm Market Bistro is fantastic!
5	They have great salads & sandwiches .. you can create your own salad your order one from the menu .. you can also had tri tip, chicken or pork to your salad ... The Ceasar salad is the best I've had in Phoenix.Also has a quant atmosphere .. good for dining in or take out .. and it's healthy for you =)
1	I'm not sure how in the universe this place received anymore than one star!! Hot Stuff- Man o man I went in around 4ish , thinking I could beat the dinner group and get a little work , (ha ha Yelping)lol, on my comp. And I should have worn my swimsuit and misty mate. It was incredibly hot, and I understand we live in AZ but it was unbearable. They are aware so they have put in these huge loud windy fans. which i felt I had no choice but to sit my them in order to not pass out. Only to have my hair blowing all over making it difficult to eat.Wi-fi- OOOHHHHH wait there is none . I just feel in this type of environment it is a must, if they want to compete with Paradise Bakery at all.Nom Noms- after wanted a hot sandwich but too warm so I went with a make my own salad, if i remember correctly, i got a choice of lettuce and up to 7 mix ins, which was the only good part. Lots of options to pick from,and knowing i made my own selections i cant complain about the overall taste. However i used 3 options for additional eggs, but no request for EGGSHELLS, which i received.:(Service- with me being the only one in the place, it took about 2-3 minutes for any acknowledgment. which it a while if your just standing in a hot place.Break it down girl- With places such a Tossed and Paradise bakery, and now even Wendy's offing huge healthy Salad options and lower prices, I will not go back.
2	Fellow yelpers, I was mislead by the reviews of this place! I frequently browze yelp to find new places to eat and must respectfully disagree with most of the reviews.First off, it was so hot in this place; I don't think they had the air on. It also smelled like maybe their grease trap needed emptied-- not pleasant.For a quick service setting, it was not quick at all. We waited 10 minutes to order on the counter, and then waited another 20 for it to be brought to our table. I had the tomato soup, which actually tasted pretty good but was still cold. I also had the California Turkey sandwich was a little too bready  for my taste, but otherwise okay.The boyfriend had the marketplace turkey, which is served open-faced. He seemed to like his well enough.This may have just been a bad visit, but I have no desire to come here again.
4	I like this little hole-the-wall place!  They make a made-to-order salad that rocks!  It is a wonderful place to stop for lunch.  They also make pizza and sandwiches, which I have never tried.  For the money, freshness, and quality of food this place can not be beat!
3	Market bistro is basically Sauce with better sandwiches and worse pizza. But I like the location and the shorter lines, if that really matters.
3	It might have been that I was just hopped up on cold meds, but when I walked in I wasn't sure where I was supposed to start as the primary "Order Here" sign was askew and I missed it--and with no one in line I was momentarily unsure of where to begin my Market Bistro experience.  As my architect friend would say, they need to work on their "welcoming sequence".Once I overcame this small issue I asked about soups of the day (didn't seem to be posted anywhere...nor was the menu but I could of missed it) and none sounded too exciting so I went with the Arizona tri-tip sandwhich.  Once I had sandwhich in hand I proceeded to the cash register which appeared to be the next logical step...but it was unattended.  I suppressed my kleptomatic urge to run with sandwhich in hand, and actually had to track someone down to complete my purchase.  No tip for you!The sandwhich itself was actually pretty good, ciabatta bread, some roasted chilis, not too shabby.  However, if this place struggles with no one in line, 5 employees, and an empty house I would hate to try it on a busy day!  I will say for the same price of a foot long at Subway you can get a quality sandwhich here if you're in the area--just don't expect the slick efficiency of a trained sandwich artist.
3	Market Bistro offers homemade soups, salads, and really fresh sandwiches. I liked the modern decor, staff, and clientele. Very casual - a great lunch spot... (the sandwiches are really big - try splitting one).
4	This place is my favorite place for salad -- the "Create Your Own," which I eat almost daily. Very friendly staff. Very fresh ingredients.
4	I have long been a fan of the Market Bistro location on Thunderbird, so when I spotted the newer location on Greenway yesterday, I HAD to stop in for a bite.  I was pleasantly surprised to find that kid's meals are FREE on Saturdays!  And, mind you, this is no mickey-d's trans-fat-laden meal... my son had grilled pesto chicken, homemade mac&cheese and a big bowl of fruit salad (grapes, pears, strawberries and apples). Healthy, delicious and free... can't beat it! My meal was amazing.  I LOVE the pesto chicken sandwich, and should probably ask for an extra side of the corn mixture next time, because it is just so tasty.  My caesar salad had chives and sun-dried tomatoes, alonf with their delicious parmesan crisps and croutons.  The half-sandwich/salad meal was so large that I ended up taking half of the salad to go.  Two dinners for less than $10 - awesome! Even better than that? The service.  They must take pride in the employees that they hire, because all three girls that were working were incredibly helpful, and made the restaurant feel more full-service, than fast-casual.  Now, if only Market Bistro would open up a spot in Midtown, I'd be even happier.  Please?  Pretty please???
4	Market Bistro is a consistent favorite. The 'create your own salad bowl' (greens + choice of 7 mix-ins) and optionally topped with your choice of grilled meat (tri tip, chicken, turkey) is a lunch time win win, they do offer some 'go to salad favorites' if you're not feeling salad creative, along with hearty sandwiches. It's an order first, pay & seat yourself establishment, with quality ingredients.Be prepared for a line during peak hours (it does move quickly folks, but pack your patience anyway - cuz it makes my waiting more pleasurable). Table turn over is usually quick & there is an outside patio area (unfortunately it's on a busy path, adjacent to a parking lot that services Safeway). Service is always above par, accommodating & friendly.
5	Market Bistro is one of my all time favs for lunch or place for meetings close to my office! The food is great tasting, very fresh and they have a lot of options for creating your own salad! The interior decor of the restaurant is very simple and modern. I am getting hungry just thinking about them!
5	Tweet tweet.  I decided to follow Market Bistro on Twitter just recently and am sure glad I did.  This company really knows how to treat their 'followers'. I have been a fan of Market Bistro for 2 years now, they have such a comfortable setting at both locations and the food is impeccable not to mention reasonably priced.I have always opted for the Market pizza, a dish that includes artichokes, large sundried tomatoes and a flat parmesean encrusted dough.  There hasn't been one time that I've visited Market and felt disappointed in portion size or my order.  I have such an appreciation for an establishment that takes pride in their food's ingredients, atmosphere and customer service methods.As for salads,  If you can take the 'heat' I would absolutely recommend the Arizona Salad.  The chipotle dressing, black beans, rice and tortilla crisps are a terrific blend of taste for your palette.  You will feel right at home here in the southwest with each and every bite.If you haven't already started your car or phoned in your order at Market, I'm 100% sure you are crazy.#BRAVO  (hashtagging seems appropriate here).
2	Friday night early. Pizza satisfactory, Caesar salad lacking in tangy taste. Cashier, also the wine uncorker had not idea how to do it. Staff seemed to be rushing around without too much guidance.Our take - okay for takeout, not for dine-in
4	I went here yesterday for lunch during the lunch rush.  If my wife wasn't with me I would have left because the line was too long for me and I hate waiting.  Anyway, she wanted to eat here so I had to suck it up.To my eye this place is a combination of Sauce and Paradise Cafe.  It is not a bad thing because they definitely put their own spin on things.  The menu is simple and doesn't overwhelm you with options.  The prices are a bit high but you do get some quality stuff so I guess it is ok.Aside from the line and the clusterfuq of an ordering/pickup process, this place is actually pretty solid.  The salads and sandwiches are fresh, unique, customizable, tasty and awesome.  I had a small Caesar and 1/2 of an AZ tri-tip sandwich.  The Caesar was just ok but my sandwich was great.  I love how they grill the meat right there in front of you.  My wife got some fru fru salad which she loved.I just moved into the area so I can't wait to return to try more of their soups/salads/sandwiches and pizzas.
5	I frequently dine at Market Bistro about twice a week. I LOVE the "Build Your Own" salads. The ingredients are ALWAYS super fresh, and the value is beyond compare... especially for the area it is in North Scottsdale.Often time I will be in the Kierland or Scottsdale Quarter area, and given the vast choice of restaurants in the vicinity, I will almost ALWAYS choose to make the 3 minute car ride over to Market Bistro. The food is almost always better... and ALWAYS cheaper for what you get. Things to try... you won't be sorry... the Cuban Sandwich, the BBQ TriTip Steak Sandwich, and the Southwest Corn Chowder! ALL AMAZING!They have some wine, and bottled beer.
4	I went here for dinner on Friday night.  It was about 8 and the place was pretty dead which was odd yet nice.  I guess this place does a fair amount of pickup orders so that is probably why the place had only 3 or 4 more people sitting down to dine.You order your food the same way during dinner as you do at lunch.  Even-though it wasn't busy and there was no line to order, it is still a weird process that doesn't flow so smoothly if you are dining with 3-4 people that order a combination of salads and grilled items.I ordered the tri-tip dinner with a side of candied carrots and mac and cheese all with a side Caesar salad.  The Caesar was better this time because I think they used more dressing.  The tri-tip was phenomenal; tender, juicy and cooked over a flame right before your eyes.  The candied carrots were also excellent but how can any vegetable with the word "candy" in it?  The mac was just so-so and nothing special.I can't wait to come back to try some more of their stuff but I doubt I'll ever make it past the tri-tip.
3	Went here for dinner again, but this time I managed to try something new.  I started with my standard Caesar salad but this time it wasn't very good.  It was just 'eh and had way way way too many croutons.  That salad is very inconsistent here.Then I went away from my norm and got the pork tenderloin instead of the steak.  It was very tender and juicy but the sauce they marinate it in is not very good.  It has a weird taste to it - kinda bitter kinda sweet.  I'm going to stick to the tri-tip next time as it has always been excellent.For my sides I had the grilled veggies and mac n' cheese.  The veggies were just ok but the mac was not very good at all.  I'm not a huge fan of the sides here.  They taste and look exactly the way they would if I made them at home = amateur cooking and not restaurant caliber.As always the service was very good.
5	Market Bistro is one of my neighborhood favorites. I have tried most of the menu and the only thing I have chosen not to eat is the ciabatta bread. I ask for Focaccia  bread on all my sandwiches now. The Ciabatta is a little too hard for me to chew. The price point is great and the staff is always friendly... build your own salads are amazing!  Now I have to follow them on Twitter to see what Bridget K. was talking about!
5	Long time fan and lover of Market Bistro. Everything is always soo fresh and flavorful, and the fact it's family owned I think adds a lil special something. I've had nothing but positive experiences, anytime I've visited this establishment, and definitely go out of my way (which isn't too far) to get a healthy alternative from this spot. I recently tweeted about having a craving for one of their amazing salads, and was shortly informed via a tweet from them, that they had a special going; Check in via Facebook places and snag an opportunity to get a free entree or pizza! DING! That evening I went in to market and again was given the best service and dinner tasted even better, who knew! Keep an eye out for their specials and deals. They even have a VIP email sign up on their site. They're pretty socially active as well ,  so If you're not already on the Twitter network, what are you waiting for?
2	I stopped in for dinner last night based on the menu I found on the web.  I was very attracted to the healthy options listed.  Unfortunately, I passed over the salads and ordered the Number Two pizza.  It wasn't bad.  It also wasn't particularly memorable.  I suppose I'd try it again, in a pinch.What will keep me away from this location is the staff.  I'd sure hate to see them during a lunch rush hour.  When I visited, there were only two customers in line and they seemed dazed and confused.  I stood at the counter for about five minutes (directly in front of two staffers) without being acknowledged.  Finally, one looks at me as to ask what I was doing there.  I don't believe he ever asked if he could help but I gave him my order, nonetheless.  There was a repeat scenario once I reached the cashier.  While waiting for my pizza to bake, another employee comes over to apologize about the wait on my tortilla soup.  I didn't order any soup.  Let me repeat that there were only two other customers in line during my visit.  The staff was unenthusiastic and seriously lacked customer service.  Everyone is entitled to an off day but this was ridiculous. I won't reurn.
3	Perhaps I picked the wrong item...the Arizona Salad, but I was not a fan and it was quite spicy!!  Yes there was a pepper symbol next to it as a warning, but it needs 2-3 peppers.  We also ordered the Arizona sandwich -- a little bland and bread was not my favorite. Better luck next time...
3	I had the balsamic portabella sandwich and it was really good. The chipotle mayo was awesome and the pumpernickel bread was fresh and delicious! I had two gripes with the place...the service and the price.  I paid about $7-8 for the sandwich and there were no sides. I think for that price, during lunch hours, there should be a side included.
5	Arizona Salad.  Extra black beans.  For.The.Win.Fast service, nice location, friendly people!
4	I was staying at the Westin, and went into this bistro almost everyday. The staff was the best! Very helpful, friendly, and great with our little one. The salads were good, and my husband had several of the sandwiches and he loved them as well! I recommend going in if your at the hotel!
1	Severely disappointed.  Tried it twice since I  had to use up gift certificates..  Will NEVER go back again after the 2nd salad had long black hair in it even though I still have.gift certificates.  You couldn't GIVE it to me free!  Hope your visit is better.  There wasn't a negative or no star allowed.
3	This place always seems busy, which is awesome for them, but I'm not really sure why. The food is okay, granted I've only gotten a salad from them, but it wasn't anything special. The staff way friendly and the restaurant itself was clean. Its never my primary choice to go for grub, but I do have a few friends that enjoy this bistro. I think I just need to give it another try and order a sandwich or something, but for now it will stay with a 3 star rating. I don't have much to say except that their beer selection is rather nice for this type of cuisine.
1	Too bad that management doesn't know that the high school employees are running this place into the ground while they play on their i-phones and provide second rate customer service. My wife and I love the food especially the sandwiches but don't go simply because of the lousy service.Sincerely,local resident
2	The Arizona Tri-Tip Sandwich, and the Sausage Pizza, were quite good.  However, I used their online ordering which promised the food would be ready when I arrived.  Actually, they were unaware of the order when I arrived.  My daughter and I sat around for 25 minutes while they cooked the order.  They were apologetic, but did not offer anything in compensation, not even a soda while we waited.
1	Both Market Bistro locations are now out of business.
