5	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS NAILS SALON! They are very welcoming & everyone greet you with a smile. Everything in there looks brand new because they recently remodeled it & changed new owners. This is a fully equipped shop! Their tools are sanitized carefully in a sanitizer machine. Everything looks neat and clean from stations to spa chairs. They also have disposable liners for spa pedicures. Offering everything from the standard mani's and pedi's to all the little extras... including waxing. Staff is always friendly and although usually busy you never have to wait long if at all!Unlike many places out there this is also gentlemen friendly... so a great place to take your boyfriend, husband, or male friend for a pedi that he won't feel like he's being overwhelmed with estrogen!Also, they have many special offers like a mani + pedi is only $33 & it comes with a free eyebrow wax! I drive from Phoenix to go to them... have tried places closer in the past(God knows there is a nail shop on every corner!) but am always disappointed with the results from the others. Quality and the overall experience are certainly worth the extra few minutes on the road! I would totally recommend this very relaxing place & it is so far the best salon that I've ever been to!
4	Yes, I did swear off chop shops,  but when I complimented a friend last weekend on her pedicure, I was shocked when she told me her pretty toes (and fingers!) were the product of Pro Nails by Julie. Ordinarily, I would've avoided this place, not only because it's in a pretty dead, tiny strip mall, but also because I was ready to pay big bucks again for a good manicure and pedicure.Guess what? I was amazed today! I got a pretty damned good pedi and mani at Pro Nails, and for $38 (I paid extra five dolla for a callus removal) I am pretty impressed with this place. Of all of the "chop shop" nail places that I have been (and sworn off) this is a delightful surprise! I'll be back, and you should go, too!
5	Since I'm living on a shoestring budget I actually go through all those ridiculous Val-U-Pak coupon mailings that come out every few weeks. One of the few coupons I kept was for this place. A pedicure, manicure and eyebrow wax for $33? I'm not one to spring for a manicure, since the ol' service industry has me washing my hands approximately 5850382 times a day and polish jobs usually last a millisecond. Add that to a few 12+ hour days on my aching feet (blech) and I couldn't pass up this deal. Done and done!The space is CLEAN, but not uninviting or sterile. No knick-knacks and tchotchkes collecting dust around weirdo lotions that are never going to be sold like in a lot of nail places. There was a wide range of OPI colors and some Orly (ORLY?!) polish as well.Each pedicure bath is fitted with these disposable plastic bins that are disposed of between each person. Awesome for germophobes, bad for mutha erf. We'll call it even. The massage chairs are AMAZING. I honestly have never had a chair massage like this one. I had it zone in on my lower back, which has been hurting lately and it actually did some work. I know. If I had to use one word to describe the word of the nail technicians here, it is THOROUGH. I don't I've ever received longer foot and hand/arm massages (that actually feel nice instead of all wimpy) during mani-pedi time then here. Both polish jobs were meticulous and perfect. And my girl was super nice to boot.The brow job was great as well. I'm one of those girls who goes weeks and weeks in between waxes and everything is fine and then one day...Horror! So I was glad to take advantage of this service. The wax left me a *leetle* red, and I'm not one to be sensitive during eyebrow waxes but this honestly was nothing a little mineral powder couldn't fix.They accept credit card tips. So convenient.I have a few more coupons I'm sure I'll use at this place, and after those run out I'm sure I'll still be a dedicated customer!
5	Kudos to the valu pak and uber clean.  This place excels in all areas - water for guests, great prices, buy 5 get 1 free on nails, warm lotion, hot towels, your own spa tub liner...and friendly.  I'm hooked.
4	My bestie had come into town and wanted to get her nails done.  When she offered to treat me also, how could I refuse?!  We had no idea where to go and found Pro Nails right here on Yelp.  The owner Julie was so personable!  They just opened the shop 5 months ago, so it's pretty new.  We arrived an hour before closing and they were very graciously accommodating.  I don't do manicures, so I opted for the deluxe spa pedicure.  About the same price as back home!  YUM! It was a wonderful treat!  My feet look brand new!  I love how CLEAN this place is!  The disposable tub liners really impressed my friends and I (we can be germaphobes).  Shayla did a good job on my feet and I will definitely be back!
2	Not impressed...I was in Scottsdale for a few days on business and decided to get a relaxing pedicure in my free time.  After reading the reviews I decided to try Pro Nails by Julie.  When I called to make an appt I specifically asked for Julie since she is the one mentioned in most of the reviews.  The place is clean and they do have a nice selection of colors.  I sat down in the chair and was given a bottle of water which is a nice touch but when it came to the cuticle clipping and filing it was awful.  She hardly clipped my cuticles at all and she filed my toenails crooked and they were all different lengths!! This is Julie, the owner? I live in Southern CA and you can go to any nail shop and get a better job for a much better price.  I paid $33 for basically a polish change and a little lotion on my legs and the massage that other Yelpers reviewed about being so good? ummm not so much...I really wish Bliss wasnt booked solid I would have gladly paid an extra $20 for a good job.
5	It makes my day when I get my nails done at Pro Nails by Julie. Julie and her daughter are soooo lovely. Friendly staff, free water so I'm never thirsty, super clean, fun decorations, wide range of nails polish colors to choose fun, great selection of magazines and the price is perfect for me. I get my gel mani with Julie's daughter she is so talented, whenever I ask her to do a special design she always able to do it and she listens so she does my mani/pedi just they way I like it. My gel mani was still on after 3 weeks, the only reason I had to go back to Pro nails by Julie to get another gel mani was because my nails was growing out. I'm already looking forward to going back especially because they have incentives for regulars.
2	The first time I tried Pro Nails, I had a pretty good experience. When I returned on April 7th, the place was bustling, and there were a lot more nail technicians working at Pro Nails. The gal that did my mani/pedi was very nice. However, the quality just wasn't there. My fingernails are different lengths, and my pedicure was very mediocre. All in all, this was a typical "chop shop" experience. When will I learn?
5	Having just recently moved to Scottsdale I needed to find an affordable nail place nearby. Thank goodness it's Julie's! Amazing service. They put orange slices in the foot bath, gave a hot rock massage, followed by warm damp towels- all for the price of a regular spa pedicure. It's clean as well- disposable foot bath tubs (no athlete's foot here thank you very much!) I will be making this my regular nail place and so should you.Update: best gel french manicure ever! I work as a nurse so I definitely need the gel nails to withstand washing my hands all day. It looks great and is super strong without having a too thick "chunky" look. Not only this, they have a stamp card for frequent customers. I can't wait for it to fill up for my free pedicure. Sweet!
5	I chose this salon because of how close it was to my house, and because it had a 4 star rating here on Yelp.My experience was not perfect, though... because of the language barrier and my own foolishness for not reconfirming what service I had booked an appointment for when I arrived, I ended up only getting a regular pedicure instead of the deluxe.  I was the last appointment of the day, so I just let it go.  (To me, it was an easy way to justify going again so soon!)Anyway, my regular pedicure was 75 minutes.  Longer than anywhere else I'd had a regular pedicure.  The pedicure itself was good, excellent when you consider the prices.  The woman who worked on my feet was pleasant, but frankly I didn't engage in conversation because I was into a really good book.  They had television tuned in to local news.  The other women who worked there chatted among themselves a bit, but it wasn't annoyingly loud or long as is common elsewhere.Parking is in the rear of the building (they have a rear entrance, too.)I am definitely looking forward to going back, possibly next week.UPDATE:  I've now been here 5 times.  And always had a great experience.  Today, however, they handed me a loyalty card.  Pay for 6, get the 7th free.  That's cool, especially for an already well-priced salon.  Also, just to mention, while I was there, there were 6 other guests.  It was BUSY, but the ladies of the salon seated everyone immediately in a pedi-chair and got their feet soaking.  They were on top of it.  Also, I am sad to report that all further Deluxe pedicures lasted under an hour... Maybe because my feet weren't so dreadful anymore.  But don't expect that based on  my original review.  Sorry.
5	Pro Nails by Julie is by far the best Nail salon in scottsdale, the service is excellent.
5	my toenails are gross, and the guy that did my pedicure only flinched a little bit. and he made them shiny and pretty. julie did my eyebrows, and now i no longer look like some sort of hair beast. i will be going back next week for a manicure, as i didn't have time last time. definitely go here.
4	I love these guys. Joe is the best. They use new plastic basins in the pedicure tub, which is a nice bonus.
5	A friend and I tried Pro Nails by Julie today based on good Yelp reviews.  We were not disappointed! Once we made our color choice from the vast selection, we found our way over to our chairs. There were liners in the tubs and slices of lemon floating in the water! We each had a bottle of water waiting for us and once we sat down in the very nice massage chairs, we were brought a selection of magazines to choose from. The pedicure choices were reasonably priced and the the pedicure was well done. I don't recall having such a thorough job on my callouses at other salons.  The massage was great and the hot rocks at the end were a nice touch.  I will definitely be going out of my way to go here again!
5	This was the best salon experience I have EVER had. First off, I called in about a coupon I found online but my printer was being unruly. They said just to take a picture of the coupon and show them the photo! These prices cannot be beat. I loved the fact it was a little bit away from crowded overpriced salons in Old Town Scottsdale. These nail techs were not only very welcoming they were very educated on how to care for your nails when you go home. I loved the fact that they use plastic filters in each pedicure basin. They change out the filter each time and clean the basin anyways.  Everything was so clean and I felt really comfortable there. I have found my new favorite nail salon!
4	There is nothing remarkable about this strip mall nail salon, but they do a nice job and the salon is very sanitary.  You can schedule an appointment, but one is not necessary... they encourage walk-ins.  The deluxe pedicure is worth every penny.  The five minute foot massage and hot stone rub was awesome, especially after a long run.   This is my new go-to nail salon for a last minute mani or pedi.
5	I was looking for a nail salon to treat my sister and I to spa pedicures, so I looked no further than yelp! Pro Nails by Julie came up with excellent reviews and it was convenient that we didn't need an appointment. The reviews were spot on! This is probably the cleanest nail salon I've been to. I noticed that they used separately packaged tool kits for each client! We chose the Deluxe Spa Pedicure for $33 which included all the pedicure basics plus sugar scrub, heel lotion and a massage. The scrub and massage were so relaxing and my nail tech did a great job on my cuticles and polish. My sisters toes left with a beautiful coral/gold sheen. I also like that they accept credit cards and you can tip on your card. Super convenient but surprisingly a lot of salons don't do this. Great experience! I can't imagine going anywhere else!
5	I love this nail salon!!  I had gone in with my daughter as walk ins and we were made to feel very comfortable.  It was our first visit as I had received a coupon in the mail and decided to try it out.  I had a manicure and she got gel nails.  We were pleased with our results but unfortunately her nails only lasted one week as she is a waitress and was not used to them.  We came back and she got her nails redone ( at a discount since they realized it had only been one week) and I got a pedicure from Theresa.  OMG!!  It had been about 3 years since I had my last pedicure as I got a nasty infection from my last experience and was afraid to go to any nail salons.  I had callouses galore and needed a lot of work but that didn't stop Theresa at all!!  I have to admit, I was very reluctant and embarrassed  to have anyone look at my feet EVER!!!  Theresa was awesome and made me feel completely comfortable.  I am now planning on a regular schedule of pedicures with Theresa to keep my feet looking amazing through the summer and beyond.  If you have issues with past pedicures or have worn, calloused feet try out Pronails and they will make you look and feel great.  The only thing I wished is that we should have taken before and after pictures!!  Theresa is AMAZING!!!!!!!! So is Pro Nails!!!!
5	Very impressed by this place! My girlfriend and I were planning on brunch and some shopping, and were looking for a place with which to do our nails. Can't miss that- classic girl date activity, right? We tried at the last minute to make appointments at some place right in Old Town Scottsdale, to no avail. She found this place on her Yelp app and said it had good reviews, and they were open! So we decided to give it a shot. I think I have a new nail place now. Nevermind that I live way on the north side of town. I don't need to do a pedicure all that often, anyway! It's in a quiet little strip mall, tucked on the north side of Indian School road, closer to Mclintock than Rural. If you weren't looking you'd probably miss if. And if I remember right it doesn't even say "Pro Nails by Julie" on the sign. Just "Pro Nails". When you step inside, you'll notice it's lovely, in a sort of splash various shades of baby and hot pink everywhere sort of way. Very clean and new, and spacious. There are TONS of pedicure chairs lined up along both walls, and there wasn't a shortage of nail technicians to take care of us. They pay attention to the small details, like having disposable liners in each of the foot baths. Orange slices float in the hot water. (Orange slices! Really!! Am I too bourgeois, since I'm so impressed by this??)They advertise that they only have a $23 spa pedicure and a $33 spa pedicure, but in reality they have many grades in between. After I sat down I was handed a laminated sheet that had different grades. I remember getting the $28 one- I believe it came with a scrub and some other nice things, but I don't think it had a paraffin wax massage or anything super fancy. So know that you can really pick and choose how much you want to be pampered. They have a great range of nail colors that are very much up to date- I was able to get the Liquid Sand nail polish in the shade Jynx from the Bond Girls collection for my toes. It is fairly recent, I believe. Recent enough and popular enough that I couldn't find it in two Ulta stores I went to- I loved the color so much I wanted to try and purchase it. No luck there. My tech was very quick, but very good. I was done much faster than both my girlfriend and a really sweet lady chatting with us on my other side. The rest of the experience was pretty standard. You're led to a foot drier- they gave me those little rubber flip flop things as the only pair of sandals I have would ruin a too-fresh pedi. What can I say? I'm not a flip flop sort of girl at all. I paid and tipped both with my card, and you can even get a frequent flier punch card, which I still have.All in all, probably the best pedicure place I've been to in the greater Phoenix area. I'll be back.
5	Very clean and professional salon.  I came to Yelp for a recommendation yesterday.  I'm very pleased with the mani/pedi services I received.  The most important thing to me in a salon is cleanliness.  This salon exceeded my expectations.  Very friendly staff.  Not at all noisy or chaotic.  The staff speak quietly, the tv was quiet and the owner came to check on me to see if I was pleased.  I will definitely return!
4	Nice place became very busy and the manager didn't know how to handle the crowd. They did my pedicure and then told me to come back for fill. That doesn't make sense I should be first in line for fill not customers just coming in. She said no worried can I wait 30 mins. I did. Nails are okay nothing special. Pedicure cute. I will continue to look for a place or I may try the owner next time
4	Yes men do get pedicures. Every once in awhile I'll treat myself to a pedicure when time permits. I decided to check out Pro Nails as I could see they were close by and was running a little late (in the day). Called another store but they had closed and made my way to the store. I had it all to myself. Despite being there 15 or so minutes before closing (I made a wrong turn thinking the address was 6402 I'll admit) they went through the whole pedicure. It was well done but seemed a bit pricey, even though I did add on the $5 heel scrubber option. Only thing missing it seems from the few times I've gone is that one place had this scrub they applied when massaging your legs and that wasn't included or part of the "normal" package. Paid $28 out the door and would return again as they are close by and close later than others.
4	I've been here twice now and have been very pleased both times!  They do an excellent job and are very efficient.  The only reason I didn't give five stars was because when they massage your legs and feet for a pedicure it is for a very short amount of time.  Other than that I highly recommend Pro Nails by Julie!
1	The first time I went, about three months ago, the owner, Julie, gave me a pretty great pedicure. I asked her NOT to cut or file my nails because they are naturally weak and I am prone to ingrown tonnails. If they are not cut, it's fine, and Julie did as I asked.  However, the technician who did my gel nail manicure cut my cuticles so badly they bled for several days afterward on several of my fingers. The gel manicure did last, however. And I am hard on my manicures.I went back about three weeks ago. Julie assigned one of the staff to do my pedicure. I asked Julie to let her know not to cut or file my nails. She said she did. I also asked the technician myself, "No cutting, please, ok?" she said ok, she understood. As soon as she took my first foot out of the footbath, however, she took a tool and tried to cut down the outer edge of my left big toenail. CUTTING THE NAIL CREATES INGROWN TOENAILS because the bottom half of the nail then starts growing into the skin. Ouch! This is per my podiatrist. Even though I tried to polish over the small cut she made, the top edge of the nail broke off and now I am looking at going to the podiatrist's, paying a copay, and getting huge needles stuck in my feet to anesthetize my toe so the doctor can fix it. This is BASIC TECHNIQUE. DON'T GO TO A SALON THAT DOES THIS TO YOUR NAILS, you will end up with a big doctor's bill. So I am pretty upset not only that the technician said she understood and would not do it and did it, but that the owner has apparently not taken the time to train her technicians. Will never go back and don't recommend it.
1	The first & last time I come here. I got acrylics and they left it on my cuticle.Worst job ever. They made me feel so uncomfortable. Asking me so many questions, I felt like she was playing 20 questions basically. Turns out she was the owner. Worst nail salon ever. Save your money! It was a pedi and full set acrylics. My total was $110!!! So plain. No designs or crystals. Beware.
5	I am so smitten with this place! I am incredibly detail oriented and quite picky about my nails and toes, and this place exceeded my expectations. My nail tech was so diligent, spending one hour on my pedicure and one hour on my gel manicure. The gel manicure is by far the best I've ever had, even better than the $75 and up fancy ones I've had at resorts.
5	What a great find. I normally do my own pedicure but due to some broken ribs I figured I'd treat myself & I'm so glad I did. I stopped in on a wed night at 5pm. It was spotless and after picking out my polish the got me right to a pedicure chair. The girl started on my pedicure and after about 10 mins have me the list of options. There were about 7 or so to choose from and I chose the paraffin wax option. It was amazing!    While getting my pedicure people kept coming in and no one had to wait. My pedicure took an hour and I will certainly be back to treat myself again soon.
5	Love pro nails! Reasonably priced, good at designs and very friendly and thorough! My last gel manicure that I got done here last 7 weeks and didn't chip at all... I was super impressed!
3	I really don't have anything to complain about the girls were very nice. My nails look awesome and they gave us water as soon as we walked In! They were very nice people. I would like to add that my nails did look different a couple days later. The next day two jewels on each finger fell off. Two days later the paint on my nails started to chip. I had to get them painted again.
1	Worst ever! Burned my nail beds. Nails are crooked and way too short. Have had pink and white for 5 years and NEVER had such a bad experience. DO NOT GO HERE!
3	My nails didn't look as great the next day, two jewels on each finger fell off. Two days later the paint on my nails started to chip. I had to paint my nails again, cause half of my thumb was chipped. The same thing happened to my little sisters nails also.
5	Tina is AMAZING. I've been coming here for 4 months now & every time I leave with perfect nails. In all my years of getting acrylics she is far & away THE BEST. I've had the gel manicure as well, but her acrylics are better!! I've been to other salons in the area & no one compares to Pro Nails!! Come see these ladies- you won't be disappointed!! Thanks Tina, can't tell you how awesome you are!! :D
2	I am bummed. I thought I had finally found "my spot" but I went back for a pedicure today and it was unbelievably subpar.  The nail tech was nice but she barely did anything to my feet.  Honestly she just picked up each utensil and basically pretended to go through the motions.  Barely any filing, buffing, or cuticle trimming. I basically paid $25 for a polish change.  I guess our experience at pro nails heavily depends on your nail tech.
1	In town on vacation and wanted to get a pedicure with my husband. We called 45 minutes in advance and although we made an appointment, we were never really told that we could be seen right away. When we got to our appointment, on time,  we asked again and we were told that they could get started right away. They had us sit in a chair and ran water. However, no one started on us. The women next to us didn't even have an appointment. And when we asked them, they said sorry others had an appointment. When we explained so did we....we were asked to go to another salon. Not we can fix it.....but go elsewhere. Funny no one inside looked like us so I dare not pull that card but I'll say our business was not welcomed. So if you like bait and switch, go here. But there are tons of other options in Scottsdale. No one deserves to be lied to!
1	Called and asked if there was a wait for my wife and I to get spa pedicures. Lady avoided my question three times and assured me that I could get us in in 30 minutes. We get there and the place is packed. I asked again...is there a wait? Lady still avoids my question and sits us in the spa chair with our feet in the water. We sit...sit..sit..no one comes to start on us and my wife couldn't even pick out her color in advance. When we asked why we were waiting when I asked four times if there would be a wait, the lady said they're running behind. I said...uhh why didn't you just say that to begin with!? Why lie just to get us here!??? Avoid this place like the plague... Unethical business practices!!!
5	Really friendly staff and did a fantastic job on my pedicure! And they give teacher discounts! Will definitely be going there again when I'm in the area.
5	Clean salon with friendly professional service. They are quick and friendly. Offering bottled water is a nice touch!
4	Good salon with great prices!
3	I have been unlucky in Phoenix mani-pedis so far.Pros for this place: watched them clean out the scrub tubs and it seemed like they did a good job/ everything is clean. Staff was overall friendly. Good price. GREAT leg/ foot massage.Cons: asked them to not use the cuticle cutter multiple times, but they kept pulling it out  and tried using it over and over again. The first time I thought, what the heck, maybe I shouldn't worry about it so much. But the second time it was actually hurting and I had to remind her. Then she tried a third time! There was also a woman sitting next to me when I came in who was waiting for a cut cuticle to stop bleeding for about 20 minutes. They have you wash your hands after the lotion/ massage, which I thought was a bit odd and defeated the purpose. Also, my nails started chipping after 1 day! My regular (non gel) manicures usually last about 2 weeks (the tips start to wear down, but that's it). I'm not sure if it was something about how they did the manicure or if it's because I didn't pick OPI polish, but I was definitely disappointed.
5	When I moved to Scottsdale, finding a place to get a pedicure was high on my list of priorities.  Thanks to Yelp and Stephanie P, I landed on this gem!Now I've gotten pedicures here several times and this place gets high scores in every category:- Lovely, modern and super clean (even plastic inserts in the spa tubs!), extensive nail polish selection, credit card machines that allow tips (so rare!), a free bottle of water.- Quick service (a lot of nail salons have staff that seem in no rush to get started - not here!) and reasonable prices ($33 for a deluxe - sugar scrub, callus removal,  massage - so luxurious)- Genuinely pleasant staff:  immediate greeting and real smiles from the moment you walk in.  A warm and fuzzy feeling that I never associate with nail salons. - Beautiful work:  excellent quality of pedicures - they keep for a long time and the staff is great with super cute nail art (I always get flowers on my toes: $5).- Excellent massage chairs, wonderful massages and sugar scrubs (my husband likes to take care of his feet, but since he doesn't get his toes painted, the quality of the chair and foot massage are a huge part of the experience - he thinks this place is great).All in all, a wonderful find!!  Thanks, Yelp!!
5	Visiting from California. Recently started getting acrylics again and had a terrible set done. Looked up on yelp and found pro nails. Came to Julie for a new full set. Showed her a photo and explained the shape I wanted. She completely understood what I wanted and did it with a smile. She is so polite too. Wish I could take the salon with me to California.
5	First visit to the new second location of Pro Nails by Julie on McDonald and Granite Reef in Scottsdale. Excellent and attentive service. Friendly staff does beautiful work. They take their time and pay attention to your needs. Was very happy with the final results, so much better than the last overpriced "fancy" place we went to. I have found a new nail place!!!!!
4	Went and last Tuesday night to get acrylics. I like that here because it seems clean and whenever I drive by I only see all the lights in the window, which is exciting. The first check whose name I don't remember was very nice, however, she was trying to get me to get pink and white acrylics which obviously would've been an up charge. I knew what I wanted though which was acrylic nails with light blue polish making the French tip, and a snowflake on the ring finger of each hand. The woman who did my snowflake on my fingernails was named Amy and I really liked her a lot. She is young and she is very kind. She also did my eyebrow wax and that was definitely worth $12. When I came out of the shop I looked at my eyebrows in the mirror in my car and I felt so much better than I had before! In the end it was worth it for the price for the most part. I will definitely be going back there again for a fill and probably after this set of acrylics, I will just get some gel polish put on. I would recommend you go there and give them a shot.
4	Solid place for pedicures and manicures. It is definitely one of those places where very few of the ladies speak English, and you will not know what they are saying to each other... but, good value. Also, I've had gel manicures from multiple places and absolutely, without a doubt, these gels last longer than any other place I've gone to. Minimum of 2 weeks, and honestly, they would last way longer, but my nails grow out and look weird so I have to change them. But they don't crack at all. Try this place out!
4	Pro Nails is great, got me in at the last minute and did a good job with my nails. The price for a gel mani & pedi was right and they gave me an extra punch on my free pedicure card! However, the gel Polish came off more quickly than normal. I don't have a lot of time to get in to the nail salon so that was a little disappointing.
5	This is the best nail shop I have ever been! They use plastic liner for every pedi, which is the only one I have seen in Arizona. Staff are very friendly professional and focused.  Price is very reasonable as well. Will come back for sure!
2	Technician spent whole pedicure trying to upsell me:  eyebrows, extras, manicure, etc.  far from relaxing.  She seemed very grumpy that I didn't want to do anything else today.  The edges of my nails were not smooth when she was done.  The tubs had disposable liners which was nice.
4	Julie herself did my full set. I asked for "almond" shaped nails and she told me they call that "narrow." (In case you're wondering!) She did a great job, chatted just enough but not too much, and dealt with my neurotic questions. (Um does that look too pointy? Can you take care of this weird edge?) From listening to other clients, it's clear all of their techs are really accommodating. Lots of people were bringing in Pinterest pictures and they were more than willing to try things out! They also offer bottled water. I think that's a nice touch. It's not the fanciest place, but they do great work and their prices are fair for the area.
5	I started going to Pro Nails by Julie II on McDonald because it was close to my house. I loved how clean it was, the cute decor & the stamp card (7th pedicure is free!). I started going to the Indian school location last weekend and loved it even more. Younger more trendy staff (actually knew how to do the nail designs I wanted) and Teresa gave me a pedicure fit for a queen. Went back today for a manicure and literally got the PERFECT white manicure. Not easy to do! I will be a regular here for sure
5	I always have a hard time finding a nail salon and technician(s) that always do my nails how I want them, and Nails By Julie definitely has both! I am always happy with the outcome and my nails always look great!
2	Needed to get a quick pedi and couldn't make it up to see my regular gal in N.Scotts.  So I found Pro Nails by Julie via yelp.  Had the regular pedicure with callous treatment, paraffin, and nail art added.  The gal that did my services was very friendly.  The callous treatment, some of it was starting to burn the tip of my toe and I told her.  She immediately dunked my foot in water.  The paraffin treatment was too hot and I informed her that it was burning my feet.  The nail art, she did a good job initially.  Then got sloppy with the thin metallic nail polish (you know the stuff that they use to make squiggly lines, etc).  A huge glob came out at the end and ruined a good portion of the nail design on my one toe.  They use these plastic inserts in the tubs, which one may think helps with sanitation.  But I think that technically (I'm about 95% sure) they're still supposed to use a disinfecting solution between clients.  Letting the solution circulate 10 minutes.  After all, just because there is a liner, doesn't mean that the water that your feet are sitting in isn't touching the jets that propel the water to make the circulating action and bubbles.  That's what I get for cheating my on my regular nail gal....being out $40 for a pedicure.  I probably wont be back.
5	Wanted to take my mom some where close to get a pedi and mani; I also want to confess that I wanted one as well and have never received either services prior to going to Pro Nails.  The reviews from other men made me feel comfortable and couldn't be happier. I bought the deluxe spa pedi package and oh wow, can you say AMAZING; now I've never had one before but mom who's gets them done often said it was one of the best she's ever had and for the price she also thought the pedi and mani were AMAZING.  I recommend Pro Nails and will be going back.  They are very friendly, although I could not understand much of what they were saying when they talked amongst theirselves :) :)
2	Went in for a eyebrow wax. Was great that I could just walk in, but the lady who did it was in a hurry. Although I was in and out of there in 5 minutes, she put some sort of oil on my eyebrows that got into my eye and all over my hair. Once I got home I noticed a few hairs she missed that I had to pluck myself.
1	Worst pedicure, ever...see pictures...And, my nails are the same. Told her to "even the length", and they're far from even ...cuticles are chopped.Really a bad experience.
1	This will be a long one so here's the short version:1. Making an appointment will not actually get you an appointment.2. Watch out for the staff  skipping you with other customers.3. Don't ever go here if you're in any hurry. I've been in here with my wife several times for pedicures. On previous trips it was a decent experience, other than waiting past appointment times and realizing they don't really have a system for serving people in any given order. Not being in a hurry definitely help. Today my wife called ahead for an appointment and got us two appointments for 230pm. We had an hour before we had to leave so this allowed just enough time to finish according to the staff.  Upon our arrival the place was full with just two open seats, but of course not enough employees to service that many customers.We waited 25 minutes for my wife to be waited on, followed by me being skipped twice. When an employee finally came over and started the treatment it had been a 35 minute wait.  The employee began to trim my nails and in In the middle of one she stopped to clean another work station, this after we told the front desk person that we were in a hurry because they were behind and after being skipped. They half-heartedly apologized and I told them I had to just skip the whole thing as not to be late.  They still wanted to try and rush the process. This seems like a place that stays busy, so they have no concern if they give out very bad service on occasion.
1	Never, ever coming back here again!!  What a horrible experience!!  Worst. Service. Ever!!  My husband and I had an appointment and arrived a few minutes early.  They made me wait 25 minutes, and made my husband wait 35 minutes.  They skipped us multiple times to take care of people who came in  after us.  There was even a man whose sole job was manning the register and indicating who should go next - he managed to mess it up over and over again, even after we indicated that we were in a hurry and had been waiting a really long time.  He just kept saying sorry as we were skipped again and again for no apparent reason.  Even without an appointment, this would have been terrible.  Finally, after 35 minutes of "in a minute", a tech started on my husband and almost immediately hopped up to spend another 5 minutes cleaning her previous station.  At that point, my husband said not to bother, so he had to sit and wait for me.It was absolutely the worst service we've ever had.  What should have been a relaxing treat turned into an uncomfortable, stressful, waste of time.On top of everything else, the woman doing my pedicure couldn't understand enough English to cut my nails short, so I'll have to get one again relatively soon.  I'm an immigrant and I love accents and languages, but even I think you need to be able to understand enough to communicate about things that are part of your job.  She did hurry to get me done within a short period of time, but a pedicure should be a lovely, luxurious experience.  I didn't even have the time to get a design painted on my nails after their egregious lateness.When we left, the inept "manager" had the nerve to offer me $5 off our next visit.  I told him to keep it - we were never coming back!!
5	This place is amazing. It's clean, prices are very reasonable and the nail techs do a thorough job and are welcoming.I read their reviews on Yelp and saw they had the high rating of  nail salons in Scottsdale so I came in. I was kind of skeptical at first because it's in a pretty slow strip mall on Indian School and looked small from the outside, but I am so glad I came in.   Reasons I'll be back:   - Comfy, oversized chairs with tons of massage settings - Bottled water when you walk in- The spa pedicure was only $23 but Includes nail shaping cuticle trimming, buffing of nail, pumice scrub, massage followed by warm towel wrap and polish, etc.  - The pedicure bowl was disposable, and everything was clean and disinfected here - I'd recommend it to even my most germaphobic of friends  - Nail techs were really sweet - Pretty decent selection of nail polish including American Apparel, ORLY & OPI. Could use more variety, so I may suggest bringing your own shade if you have something very specific in mind.
4	Got a regular mani and deluxe spa pedi. Had Kim as nail tech. Did a great job removing calluses and dead skin. Did a good job on painting toes and fingers but isn't the best I've ever had. Not too pricey. Would go back. Appreciated that they took credit cards and you can tip on the card.
1	NEVER in my life of getting pedicures every 2 weeks have I been offered the file to file my own toes because she just did NOT understand what "straight across with rounded corners" means!! She kept wanting to cut the corners with clippers! And when she began to polish my toes I looked down and noticed that she didn't even take off all the old polish! There were still some flecks of my previous pedicure! AND she didn't clean under the nails (which is really one of the main reasons anyone gets pedis). My heels are still crusty because she did a crappy job of scrubbing and needless to say the massage was horrid and not relaxing either! I'm going back to Pink Polish where people actually KNOW HOW TO GIVE PEDICURES.
1	I came here a few months ago and the pedicure was 1 hour long. Amazing massage. This time from the time I sat down to the time I left 23minutes. I paid for the 33 dollar pedicure and I received a total of 4 minutes of massage including the scrub. WORST
5	This is the cleanest and most professional nail salon I have ever been to in Scottsdale. They invest in flirty, fresh, and seasonal polishes to stay on trend. It is a relaxing environment too, which is not always the case with their competitors. I come to support their owner, and my neighborhood along with getting the best pedicure and manicures in town :-).
4	I went for a basic pedicure because as a runner, my feet are always a mess. I went right when they opened Saturday morning and wow, they were already busy! They sat me in a chair, and I waited about 30 minutes before someone started on my pedicure. That was a little frustrating, but the girl did a great job and was very polite. She also let me read my book and relax rather than trying to have a conversation with me, which I appreciate. The owner gave me a $5 off coupon for next time since I had to wait so long, which was very nice of her. The only thing I would have liked was a little more time on the callus removal, as I don't feel like they had enough time. Overall, great job!
4	This place was a great experience and just what I needed after a long travel day and hike. I called for an appointment but you probably dont need to bother. It's one of those places that will get you in. It was clean, nicely decorated and the staff was feiendy. Phong was my nail technician and she did.an amazing job. Her massage was to die for and she did the best job on my mani/pedi.
5	I moved to Scottsdale about 6 months ago and I needed a good quality Nail Salon. I walked in without an appointment my first time and they assured me it would be a wait but offered me water and were very friendly. I have been to probably 12 out of the 17 techs they have there and I have NOT ONE complaint or concerns. Their pedicures are the best I've ever had and not to mention my gel/acrylic nails are to die for. They've given me so many amazing sets that I get compliments on them daily and I travel all over the U.S for work. I would highly recommend ProNails for an amazing experience. Julie and her team will take great care of you!
5	GREAT PLACE! The staff is super nice and they always do a great job! Is super clean and the prices are very reasonable, I went with my little daughter and we had a mani-pedi and they made us feel super comfortable! I really liked this place and I recommend it or you 100%
5	I am a California native that just moved to scottsdale about 3 month ago for work. Due to my busy work life, I haven't had the opportunity to get my nails done. I decided after a long work day to leave early and finally treat myself to a mani/pedi. I located one clods to my house using yelp that had semi good reviews. I must say I was not disappointed. My nail technician was Kimberly, she was very sweet and upheld a conversation with me that kept my interested and comfortable while every step of the way explaining what she was doing with my gel manicure. I was greeted with water and a smile and promptly assisted when I walked in the door. My manicure and pedicure look great and I feel refreshed. Thank you for the great experience I will definitely be back
5	The shop is clean & comfortable. The ladies were friendly, professional, & efficient. Our pedicures were well done & our experience was relaxing & pleasant.
4	I went to Pro Nails by Julie for the first time today and was very pleased with the service and quality of work! Kimberly did an awesome job on my toes! I'll definitely be going back there!
4	I've never had a bad experience and I've been coming here for over a year. What makes this spot different is the owner. Last time I was in, I was sitting next to a young 20-something who was unhappy that the color of her polish didn't match the picture  she presented when the manicure was over. She kept asking the tech to make changes. Julie, the owner, overheard her complaints and said that she would go out that evening and purchase the right color polish for her and the girl could come back for a free manicure the very next day. Great customer service by the owner is what will keep me coming in.
5	I always have an excellent experience here! I got a full set of acrylic recently to go to Hawaii to have beautiful nails for my trip they turned out amazing. Julie created a custom look just for me that I'm also going to do again for a wedding that I am going to be in. I keep on coming back here because they always do a great job with whatever I choose traditional Polish, gel, or acrylics.
5	This place is amazing! Everyone is so friendly and considerate. They offered ice cold water or coffee and handed me gossip magazines before I even asked! These ladies pay attention to every detail and go above and beyond to make sure you are having a fabulous experience. Not to mention their skills with manicuring. I have never had a better pedicure in my life. They did not rush the service either, they really took their time and made sure everything was perfect. No need to go anywhere else... This is definitely my and my sisters new spot! We love it here and will be returning indefinitely!
5	So this was my 1st time getting a manicure/pedicure and I have to say it felt great! Everyone there was really nice. The girl, Wan who took care of me did a great job. My girlfriend loved it here too. Kimberly one of the staff there gave us great advice on places to get food and was very friendly. As a guy, I have to say the experience was 'refreshing'. Overall the place was very clean, chairs inside were comfy and had various massage settings, the price was very reasonable, and the staff was great. We did make an appointment, but I don't think it was required. Payed $30 total for a basic manicure/pedicure. A lot of customers who spoke to us seemed to be regulars who loved going there, which was clearly a positive reflection of the quality services that ProNails provides.
4	I've been getting my manicures, pedicures and eyebrows waxed at Pro Nails for almost 2 years now. Julie is often in the shop and has expanded so much since I first found them (they have a second location now!) Most of my girlfriends and friends in Scottsdale also go here and I can say that overall, I think they deserve 4 stars. There have been times I have had 5 star experiences and times I have had 3 star experiences but overall, I give them 4 stars.It's very clean and the pedicure stations have the plastic tub wraps that are changed after each service. They are service orientated and always give you a bottle of water and a magazine. There isn't crazy tactics here to up-sell you on service and they have multiple options for pedicures and manicures.The only complaint I have is that some of the Nail Tech's here barely speak any English and it can be challenging to convey what you want/need. Typically, the other Nail Tech's will translate and it's all fine but I have had a couple frustrating experiences with this. They have a frequent buyer stamp card where after every 7 or 8 pedicures, you get one free. I've gone through a few of these in my time at Julie's :) Overall, I probably won't stop going here because I have tried AZ tip & toe in Tempe and Ken's Nail Spa in Arcadia but still find myself back at Pro Nails. Give it a shot!
5	I live just a few blocks from this shop, so have been going for a few years now and I LOVE them!! They are friendly, do a great job on my nails (and I am EXTRA particular about them too), they have complimentary bottled water and frequent customer cards that score you a free pedicure after 7 paid services, whoot WHOOT! Reasonable prices and great service, who could ask for more?!? Ahn and Kimberly are fantastic at nail art as well! Love this shop
5	If you go to this nail salon make sure to ask for my gf Kimberly. She does amazing work. I have seen her developed, her designs just keeps on improving.  Overall this place is very clean and friendly.
1	The first and only time I have been to pro nails I had a horrible gel manicure. The appt took over and hour and a half and when I left my nails were not glossy. I don't think the girl knew how to do a gel manicure because to many coats were applied and I was left under the light for 5 minutes between polishes. I had to go back the next day and have them fix it and I won't be back.
5	As soon as I walked in the place it was clean and neat. I was looking for a reasonably place pedicure spot since moving to Scottsdale a few days ago. I love that they give you a full bottle of water and have disposable plastic liners for the foot baths. I have never seen that before. I got the pedicure which included a hot stone massage, lotion massage, scrub and callus removal.I also got my eyebrows waxed and they did an incredible job. My eyebrows are neat and open up my eyes.would go back again!
2	The technician did not understand nor speak English so had to have another technician 'help' with asking how short I wanted my nails cut.  I said I wanted them to show just over the fingers.  Somehow they interpreted that as cutting them to the quick.  She cut two before I saw what she was doing and it was too late to say anything.  Now I have nubby little fingernails for my holiday party this week.  Also when filing the previous gel off, she was rubbing off the top layer of skin below my fingernails on my pinkie fingers.  The day after they were red, ugly and hurt.
5	THIS PLACE IS THE ONLY PLACE I GO! SO AWESOME!I have been going to Pro Nails by Julie for about 4 months. I am a very loyal customer because I like to get the best mani pedi.. every time. I had an old place I went to and I just couldn't take the inconsistency anymore. A friend (thanks Whitney), recommended Pro Nails by Julie. It is so easy to get to, close to my house and not in a busy shopping center, so I can easily zip over after work.They are open until 7:30 PM! And they will take clients up until the last minute but please remember.. they have families too. :) Their prices are affordable and I get gel manicures and their technique means two things 1) the gel lasts and 2) my natural nail isn't ruined. I get french gel a lot and that is complicated but theirs does last well. In general, french gel doesn't last as well as color or glitter (glitter is like the roaches of nail color; it never dies).. but I like the french so I put up with that it may not last past two weeks.Kim is one of my favorite technicians at Pro Nails by Julie. She really takes her time to give you a unique result. All the techs are great but I feel like it's a treat when Kim does my nails because it seems like she knows about all the cool trends in nails like designs, glitter and rhinestones. Definitely get rhinestones by the way. You'll thank me later. There are some up charges for these extras but they are worth it because you leave with a unique mani. All of the techs do a fab and relaxing pedi. The other thing that makes this place awesome for pedicures is that they put a new liner for EVERY CUSTOMER. I have never seen this done before unless you're at a super high end and super expensive salon. Here they do it and charge you the same that you'd pay for a dirty place. Pro Nails by Julie is clean, clean, clean. No toe nail fungus here (gross!)... Go to Pro Nails by Julie and go there often. You won't be disappointed by the prices, service, quality product or awesome staff. I highly highly recommend. If you have a problem talk to Julie, she's in charge and she does a great job running this place.
