4	I moved to Tempe, AZ in August from New Jersey and this is the only Chinese restaurant I will eat at.  Thankfully my friend who has lived here longer works by this location so I was told about it.Everything I have eaten has been very good.  I tried the beef chow fun, general tso's chicken, beef with broccoli, chicken with broccoli, and some other dishes.  I also like their pork egg rolls and pork fried rice.  This is a small place where one would usually get take out from.They have a very large menu and reasonably priced combination platters.  They have a lunch menu which comes with an egg roll, soup, or soda and rice for just $4.99 including weekends.  The only day they don't have the lunch menu is on major holidays.I probably eat here every 2-3 weeks.  I'd probably eat here more often I lived closer to it.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! I'm eating my chinese leftovers from last night as I write this... For a traditional chinese delivery place, I think this is about as good as it gets in Phoenix. They deliver quickly and the food is always delicious. Things that I've tried that I like include the Kung Pao Chicken, Chicken with Cashew Nuts (Kung Pao is better though) and the Sesame Chicken. I'd recommend getting the combo platter that comes with fried rice and an egg roll (I substitute and get a spring roll in its place - they're really good). Very reasonable prices, most meals are around $7-$8. Give them a shot!
3	Really good and cheap new york style chinese. My last favorite chinese place closed down, so for about 2 years I didn't have a chinese place I liked. I don't live near here, but I work nearby, so I tried it one day at lunch and I've been hooked ever since. Since I'm not aware of a good chinese place by my house, I'll sometimes stop here on the way home from work for takeout. I'm a seafood fan and so I mostly get their shrimp dishes since their shrimps are large and generously portioned. Veggies are varied, fresh and plentiful. The prices are so cheap that if you live in the area, you really should check them out.PS - they have a website now!
4	I love the food here. Everything i have tried seemed fresh and delicious and tastes good cold the next day for lunch too. My only complaint was the egg rolls. I love egg rolls and they are not very good here so I wouldnt order them for sides. If you like Orange chicken you will not be dissapointed.
4	I've only been here once, but that will change.Right down the street from me and plenty cheap!  Their lunch specials are $4.99, which is the cheapest I've seen anywhere.I had the Triple Delight.  Immediately upon opening my container, I knew I liked this place.HUGE shrimp and strips of meat...THROUGHOUT!  They do not skimp at all.  The taste was great and everything was fresh.  The veggies were cooked just right and all the meats were tender.This wasn't a combo, so I didn't get to taste their egg-rolls or fried rice.  I'm not a big fan of either, so no big deal.The service was polite, and the wait time was about 10 minutes.  Dining in is an option, and if you do, you won't be wowed by the interior.  Its just some chairs and tables setup along the wall...white tile on the floor, and white walls.  Decor isn't their main concern.  But who cares?Bottom line is you get a lot of high quality food for a great price (my order was $9.25 for a house specialty).  This is now my neighborhood Chinese food place.
3	Very good for fast food & I'm very picky. This is one of the only fast food places I will eat on the rare occasion that I do. Food quality seems pretty good and the flavors are excellent. If you do Chinese take-out you should at least try this place.
4	Decent food for decent price.  Not the best I've had but very satisfying.  I love their vegetable dumplings and many other things on the menu. Usually get take out and they're pretty fast with orders.  I'd rather have good food at a reasonable price than fancy decor and they provide exactly that.
4	Since my move from NY I've always had trouble finding good Chinese joints. Just a little place for a quick pick up. I'm glad I came across this little nugget. The food tastes great and you cannot find a better lunch special!
3	Very good take out Chinese! We usually get the genreal tso chicken, and chicken lo mein and crab rangoon. They are consistent, and fast!  Never have any problems! Im a fan.
4	I love this place! I always go for the chinese barbcued pork. I love their lunch and dinner meals as well! Very worth the price! The food is always consistent and the staff very friendly. Their egg rolls are also very delicious and I'm hard to please when it comes to those! My suggestion is go there for the 4.99 lunch meal that comes with very generous rice, egg roll and main dish!
4	I came here for dinner. The price was decent and the food's pretty good. I had chicken "lo mien", which I was surprised to see on the menu. This seems to serve more take-outs than sit-ins. I wouldn't bring a date here though, but for a quick bite, this place does it.
3	I will occasionally grab lunch here; which I did today. Their 4.99 lunch specials are great. There are over 20 items to choose from and it comes with rice (white, fried or brown) and a choice of either an eggroll, fountain drink or soup (egg drop, wonton or hot & sour). My favorite is the General Tso's chicken, but I'll only order that if I have time to dine in. Otherwise, by the time you get to your destination the chicken is not crispy anymore. Especially since they put it in those plastic bowls that seals it shut.Today, I had the beef lo mein. There was a good amount of beef it in and the dish wasn't too salty as most places would serve. One thing I found odd was that it also came with a side of rice beneath. I mean the menu stated that all lunch specials include rice but usually when you order a noodle dish at an asian joint, that does not apply. No worries, I ate all the noodles off the top and tossed the rice. The noodles alone was plenty.
5	I have been here several times and LOVE it!! Ordering delivery for the first time. Took my son who is a HUGE guy (football) player and he consumed every single piece of rice on his plate! Am a big fan of this place.
5	I haven't eaten Chinese take out like this since I live back east.  The food is delicious and the price is perfect.  I've been eating here since they opened 3 years ago and haven't found anyone that does it better.
5	This place is awesome.  The food has great flavor and the portions are perfect.  The staff is very friendly and welcoming.  Any chance we get we order from here.  Their TSO shrimp is awesome.
4	I am just ahh soo impressed with the random little find. $4.99 lunch specials, good portion size, no charge extras and the most durable to go containers I have ever seen.It was a hot day of moving rock and laying pavers at my friends house when the question for lunch came up. Some how Chinese became the idea on the table. After a quick search on yelp we found a place but a mile away from where we were toiling.Their website featured their full menu which is allays nice. I ordered the lunch special home style tofu with brown rice. It was a great mix of rim well textured tofu, crisp vegetables a light brown sauce and a few red chillies. It could have been spicier but not bad. You get a choice of a side, egg roll, or one of many soups, (I don't think any of the options are meat free however,) or a drink.It was great to see that brown and fried rice were the same price as the white. Note there are a few meat free dishes on the lunch special menu, a real plus.If you work in this area or are looking for a cheap good dinner, give the place a try, I sure which I had one of these near my office
3	Super yummy general tso's chicken! Nice people there as well.
5	I'm constantly pleased by the quality of food coming from here, and am never let down when it comes to service. As a tip, if you place your order "to go", make sure you keep the containers as they are quite durable and reusable to take your lunch to work in. As for the amount of food you receive, I bet you can always have 1/2 or a little less left over for another meal 90% of the time.
5	I love this place!  I eat here around 3 times a week during my lunch break from work across the street.  It's cheap and a lot of food.The lunch is $4.99 plus tax.  A few of my favorites are the lo mein (shrimp is my fav.), shrimp or chicken and broccoli, kung pao, and chicken with cashews.  Usually I'll ask for everything extra spicy and they have no problem doing that.  I've tried almost everything on the lunch menu, and only not cared for one item, but it's just because it's not my thing.  Everything is made to order and is delicious.  As for the sides, the fried rice is great and the egg rolls and wonton soup are awesome.The people are extremely friendly as well.  They've gotten to know my name as well as my coworkers.  The seating is limited, but it's all about the food there.  I usually pick it up and go.  They also deliver!I'll continue to come here until I move.  It is one of my favorites!
4	This is by far my favorite place to get Chinese food.  When I order their take-out, the food arrives in under 30 minutes, and I've never had them mess up a single order. The menu is pretty standard for the type of food that it is, but I personally find that most of the items are cooked with much more flavor than at some asian places.  The garlic green bean chicken and fried dumplings are two of my favorites, along with the rest of my family's.  I didn't expect much out of this place the first time around, but I was pleasantly surprised!
2	This place has a pretty extensive menu for just $4.99 however, I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken and it was sooo flavorless!  The egg roll was way greasy and the fried rice was kind of hard.  I won't be back and that's for sure.
4	I am in Phoenix (Chandler) visiting a friend and doing some business so everything here is new to me. I found this place through yelp and I am so thankful for yelp's reviews to guide me to the great places that this city has to offer. Beijing Restaurant is great! better for takeout (not alot of seating or atomosphere) but the food is really great and well priced. Here are the foods that we've tried so far and loved them all:Crab Rangoon(8)  3.75 - Just Plain YUMMY!Cold Noodles with Hot Sesame Sauce  4.50 -Just as good the next day cold and huge portion!The Generals chicken and Mongolian beef are great and just the right amount of spice for my taste (which is a little bit of heat overall with an occasional zing of hot pepper that takes you by surprise and sends you running to the kitchen for water. Perfect! :)The interactive menu doesn't always work for me, which is a little disappointing, but that could be a browser conflict and there is a PDF menu download that resolves that problem so it really isnt much of a problem at all. I look forward to trying many of the other tasty looking dishes on the menu and I imagine that this is going to become one of my favorite places for takeout during my stay here in Chandler. Highly reccomended.
4	Took my family there because people had recommended it to me; note to oneself..."TAKE OUT"...not dine in! The food was good overall...fried rice was a bit dry and not as flavorful as I would have expected for house fried rice, general tso's chicken was nice and the sticky white rice was good. It deserves another try because it was good!
5	By far, the best lunch special in Chandler.  Lots of Food for the money and it tastes great too!
2	Walnut shrimp was good. Sesame chicken was over-fried orange chicken with sesame seeds sprinkled over them. Noodles were too dry with not enough gravy & too salty. Don't recommend eating there.
4	My mom and I ordered delivery a couple nights ago. The man answering the phone was very friendly and accommodating, however it took a while to get my street address and credit card number right because he kept confusing the numbers, and I had to repeat it at least 2-3 times. That was a little frustrating, but other than that, it was so quick, that I was surprised when I heard the doorbell ring. I like that some menu items (on the dinner menu) have a small and large portion available. My mom got the small and that gave her two meals! We got an order of Crab Ragoons (8 for $3.75) my mom got a small portion and I got a large portion, all for $20! SO much food, for a fantastic price. I wish that their whole menu listed descriptions of the meals, what kind of sauce, what specific vegetables were in each dish, etc. Overall, great place, and if I ever want to order in again, I'll go here :)
1	Penny pinching people. I have purchased food for a year at Beijing restaurant yesterday I purchased noodles and other items and I had the noodles today it tasted rotten, I called to see about getting a discount because the food was tasting right like its spoilt. I always buy singapore noodles so why does this one taste bad. I asked why it tasted off. The guy that picked up the phone has poor customer service and rude. Refuse to give the names of the owners and refuse to give me a discounted meal or if possible return it. I was prepared to buy another on discount and buy broccolli and  more food and show them the original singapor noodles. I will never purchase anything there. The food is just OK. The only reason I go there because the other chinese restaurants are not near my home.
1	1) I walked in this dingy little place and approached the counter. Glanced at the menu for a moment and was ready to order. The woman behind the counter seemed utterly indifferent to the fact that a customer was standing right in front of her. "Ahem... I'd like to order some food." I ordered, paid and sat down at one of the paltry tables. (This place obviously specializes in take-out.)2) The surly guy who stood in the kitchen sneered, then began cooking my order. He later served it to me as if I were a convict in a prison cafeteria line. 3) The food itself, which was supposed to be *sesame* chicken but looked like sweet and sour (*red* sauce?), wasn't the worst Chinese I've ever had, but it was darn close. That's three strikes. You're out, Beijing.
5	Love this place feel like I'm back home in New York when I eat here. Usually get boneless spareribs with pork fried rice, or chicken and broccoli with pfr.
4	Been getting food to go from here for over 3yrs. My wife usually tend to get the same items. Why fix something when it works.She always gets the Mongolian Beef lunch special, or dinner. Every once in a while we indulge in the Crab Rangoon. I tend to alternate between the Singapore Noodle, Chicken Fried Rice and the Chow Mai Fun.It's not the best Chinese food I've had, but I never had a complaint regarding the quality and quantity of my food. I've never had to wait longer then 10 mins to pick up my food as well.They recently raised the price on their lunch specials by $0.50, but it is still a killer deal at $5.49.Good food, good prices.
5	great food, great prices, and fast.have been going for 4 years.   yummy !!!
4	We love this place. It's awesome delivery service. We have eaten here for 3+ years and the food is always very good, especially for the prices. When we order, they always tell us about 30 min for delivery but then show up in 20 min with very HOT food. The restaurant itself is not anything pretty or nice. If you can look past cosmetics, you will enjoy the food.
4	I always have trouble finding Chinese food places that are good in AZ! However, this place is sooo good, and reasonable priced!
5	For my wife and I the bill usually comes to 30 dollars or so before tip. This allows for leftovers to take to work for lunch.  Always pleased. They usually deliver much faster than quoted time but we are also only 1 mile away.  Have not oredered anything we did not like. Delivery guy is nice but they are not too welcoming when you go in for pickup.
3	Pretty good Chinese food for the west valley. This has became our standby since our favorite went out of business early this year. I would not hesitate to recommend this place and we'll be back for sure.
4	This is Chinese fast food for people who are or love Chinese.  My mom is a Chinese immigrant and the food they serve here is almost exactly like what mom used to make at home when I was a child.  The lunch specials are an INCREDIBLE value.  For $5.50 you can get one of 30 entrees, a large (16oz) soup or egg roll, and steamed or fried rice.  More than enough to make a large man feel full.If you don't mind presentation and aesthetics being sub-par and only care about the quality and quantity of food you are getting, it is hard to go wrong with these guys.
3	Our first visit to this place.  We were optimistic since it has four stars here.  I ordered the szechuan chicken, my wife had the lo mein.  I will let my wife describe her lo mein experience in her review.The szechuan had a picture of a chili pepper next to, implying it was hot.  Well, it wasn't.  Not even a little.  The flavor wasn't bad.  But nothing special.  And not spicy.  The decor and ambience was divey.  Very low class.  But seemed clean enough.Overall I'd really give this place 2.5 stars.  Better than "meh", not quite "A-OK. But that's not an option.  So three stars it is.  If we come back I will update my review.
5	Their number one with BBQ pork spare ribs is by far their best entree and one of my favorite meals! Besides that everything else is good.
4	1st time& other Chinese rest. didn't seem worth while So I ordered the sesame chicken & general tao with fried rice. My only problem was I expected the general to have a bite to it. I normally need a glass of water right by me. It wasn't the case so I will return and try something else. The large size is made for 2 people!!!!
4	I've been living in the valley for 3 years now and I love everything about this place, except the Chinese food!  I have been nothing but disappointed up to this point.  Everyone claims to have NYC Chinese and none of it is even close.  I just happen to be in chandler and happen to stop by this place.  It was a toss up between the safe bet (the bbq spot next door) and this joint.  After carful thought I decided to give this place a try.  Everything about the inside reminded me of home but I need to try the food to be sure.  I ordered the basics; shrimp fried rice, orange chicken, and beef and broccoli.  To my surprise, the food resembled NYC Chinese food!  The orange chicken looked normal, not like sweet and sour chicken balls.  The sauce had orange peals and red chili peppers.  Could this be?  Is this the real deal? I've learned to inspect and taste the food before I leave.  I'm happy to say that after one small bite I was blown away.  I took one bite and was back in Brooklyn at the So Good Chinese Carry out.  This is hands down the best Chinese food in town, so good that I drive 40 miles to chandler once a week to get a taste of NYC.  If your from the east coast and love NY style Chinese food, this is the place to get it.  NO WHERE  in the Valley can come close to this place, I want them to open more locations around the valley!
4	My favorite fast food Chinese in Chandler. Their $4.99 lunch specials are super easy on the wallet, yet very filling to the tummy. Each time I have called in our order around dinner it's always ready for pick-up within 10-15 min.
3	Lunch menu is the best deal around, you get entree,pork fried rice, and egg roll or soup for like $5.99 plus tax.  I love the Wonton Soup. Once you find a dish you love you will keep coming back. Take out is your best bet. Seating is limited.
5	I don't write reviews much, although I should - because this place deserves a great review. We've been in the valley a few years, tried many places, NONE of them as good as this one. Great food, great service, fast delivery - some of the best crab rangoon you'll ever try. Good NYC style Chinese.
3	This is a diiirrrrrttttttyyyyy restaurant.  The combination of open space, small size and constant wok cooking (yes I know it's a Chinese place and that's how the food is prepared) fills the air, furniture and fixtures with grease.  Not enough cleaning goes on to stay ahead of the dirt/grease/whatever combination that coats the tables, chairs and whatever else.Now all of the above being said, the cooking area in the restaurant is relatively clean...so good news there.So regardless of how dirty/greasy/whatever the place happens to be I decided to eat there any way.Food was ok.  As a matter of fact it was better than just about any other Chinese place I've been to in the immediate area.  I just kind of think this is a carry out place versus eat in.Gave it a 3 because the food was halfway decent.  If I went on cleanliness it would probably be a 1.
4	My husband and I ate here for the 1st time today and we'll definitely be going back. The portions were large and the food was delicious! Not the most aesthetically appealing place to sit down and eat, but I'm there for the food!
3	WE had lunch here because we were in the neighborhood.  Not really our part of town.  We had the $5.75 lunch special, there were 35 choices available!  The restaurant is next door to Chandler BBQ and a nail shop in the Fry's strip mall.  It had half dozen tables but did a bang up take out business.  The place was very clean and the padded chairs were comfortable.  You help yourself to plastic tableware and your cold drinks, straws and fortune cookies.  A similar but much better restaurant would be The Red Dragon about  5 miles north on Alma School Rd.  We had the Orange Chicken which was made with dark meat chicken instead of breast and the sauce was not spicy as indicated on the menu.  It came with 2 tiny pieces of broccoli.  We also ordered pork Egg Foo Young, getting 2 approximately 4 inch pancakes filled mostly with onions and a few tiny pieces of bbq pork.  The brown sauce was served separately  in a paper soup bowl, was a bit pale and didn't have that rich taste I am accustomed to.  The egg foo young was tasty.  With both lunches we chose the pork fried rice (tasted nice, not greasy, large portion) and egg rolls (hot, crunchy, not greasy and rich tasting).  Overall the management was friendly and efficient, parking was easy.  I might go back and try some different dishes, they rate 3 to 3 1/2 stars.
1	Everything tasted like it was cooked in a crock pot, everything is bery stewy.  Very disappointed
5	Fastest delivery! Consistently hot, fast and fresh food!
5	Best Chinese in the East Valley.Fresh ingredient, the friendliest service, speedy delivery, it just ticks all the boxes. I personally can't get enough of their chow-fun but the house specials in the middle of the menu are all great, really not a single bad dish.For the quality price is very competitive and they have great catering and lunch pricing if you are looking for something fresh yet frugal. Now, my five stars are based on my own tastes, which I will admit are very Americanized. This is not the most authentic Asian diner, so if you're looking for a true taste of China you might look elsehwere, but if you're looking for a true taste of Chinatown make the call.
4	Hubby and I are pretty satisfied with the food we've been getting from this place.  It just about one of the only 'delivery/take-out/dine-in' fast chinese food place in this part of town, so we were hesitant it would be any good.. .turns out it is!We've had it in the past (like over 4 years ago) but I can't say I recall how it was but recently were craving chinese food delivery and got it already a few times in the past 3 weeks and I gotta say that it is top of our list for to-go/delivery food.Here's what I've ordered:"Weight Watchers" - aka steamed - veggies and shrimp and was impressed with the soft shrimp (not over-cooked) and the bright, fresh-tasting and crispy broccoli and other veggies... plus the portion was huuuuge.   Hubby had a pork dish (don't recall) but he really enjoyed it and neither of us had that gross feeling afterwards (typical of greasy fast chinese food).I got the cashew chicken the next time and I had 2.5 meals out of it!  The chicken was soft (how?? not sure) and the sauce was not overly sweet and there were plenty of cashews and bright, crispy veggies.Seriously, we're impressed... hope they keep it up so we can continue getting delivery and to-go.BTW - I've never eaten-in, so I have no clue about the decor, cleanliness, etc... sorry.
5	I have eating at several Chinese places in the Chandler area.  This place is by FAR the best. Super fast delivery, excellent portions, and fresh ingredients.   I had Mongolian beef and my wife had an order of pot stickers and crab rangoons.  Everything was perfect super crisp green onions, nothing soggy.  The beef was real beef, not processed grey meat product.
5	Some of the best Chinese I've had and they deliver!!!! You don't realize how hard it is to find good Chinese food for delivery until you live somewhere that it's difficult to find like Mesa! So happy that we moved back to Chandler and are close enough for this place to deliver now! :)
2	Had to down grade Bejing. The Pork fried rice used to be great, now it is old and tired. Seems like they make it the day before or something, Gray in color, not flavorful. The chicken is all thigh meat now and fatty. They are on the band list for now, so sorry Bejing.
5	House special chow mei fun, bombdigitty. A little weak on the meat, but it's still a treat
5	The first time I came into this place, I felt like they wanted to throw me in the wok. And yes, this is a 5-star review, so let this be a lesson in perseverance. The place is unassuming on the inside, although much nicer than it once was. The food is served on paper plates, the soup in Dixie bowls. In short, it is as unpretentious as possible, and they aren't going to win you over with personality (although they warm up to you once you get to know them, and they're actually pretty awesome).That being said, even if they insulted my grandmother, I'd keep coming back. This food is that amazing! There are two local chinese places me and my wife frequent, and this is my personal favorite. That Dixie bowl egg drop soup with the bag of crunchy noodles is the best I've ever had, and they have Sriracha hot sauce at the table just to kick it up a notch. It is a huge serving, and it comes with all of the combos. My work friends swore by the Cashew Chicken with white rice, and my wife prefers the Lemon Chicken with white rice (and both are quality options), but I go here for the best Orange Chicken in town, with the best pork fried rice. This stuff is to die for, and the servings are so big you will never leave hungry.Of course, the crab puffs are amazing, and some of the other options have been good as well. I don't know that there has been a meal we've been down on while we've been here. They do everything right!
5	My favorite chinese take-out. We're regulars here and have never had a bad experience! I love this place... I get the chicken and broccoli combo. :)
2	Well, I read most of the reviews here and let it inform my decision in my search for Chinese tastiness.  We got the General Tso's, pork chow mein, crab rangoons and pan fried dumplings. My husband's rice was burned and a lone, singular piece of bacon MAY have traveled through the land that our fried rice came from - but that was the extent to which it contained pork. The upside? The containers the food came in are great and reusable. If you are looking for something flavorful, your search will continue.
5	This is our favorite take out restaurant. Service is fast and serves up some great Chinese food!
2	Food was ok. Large portions. Employees there were rude and everyone in line felt very rushed to order (Wasn't even busy). Also place didn't seem very clean.
4	The reason this has 4 stars is because the food was excellent. I was surprised how delicious it was. I got the lunch special which is a great deal, only $5.75 and you get a lot of food. I got Orange Chicken, Pork Fried Rice, and an Egg Roll. However, the service was poor, the man who served me when I came in was practically silent with no people skills. And when you go into the restaurant you kind of immediately get lost because there is no clear menu or anything to direct your attention. Also, the food was served to me on a paper plate... So that was a little weird. I know these are small details, but they make a big difference. Other than that the food was super great, and an awesome value for what I paid. Would totally eat here again.
4	Their Chinese food is pretty yummy.  This is our favorite place for delivery.  They give you a new scroll menu each year which is handy when you want to order out.We like the chicken curry and the crab rangoon.  If you want to order it extra spicy, they can make it really, really spicy which we love.  Food is really fresh and the meat is good!
2	So...this is a hard review for me. I just had amazing Chinese food this past week....maybe New York is different? I ordered delivery. He told me 45 mins, which I hoped was like pizza and really showed up in 20. Nope, 45 mins exact almost. The food was packaged nicely, and was warm. It was a little soggy...which I understand cause it is delivery....but you can get Panda, drive 45 mins, and it still is crispy. I got the orange chicken, and the flavor was good. Some times I had that...."what am I eating" moment. Especially with the egg roll. I am not sure what that was. That was not fresh and or good. When I started this review I was thinking I would give them another shot....but I rather just go to Panda. It would have saved me $5. They were very nice over the phone!!
4	We have gotten take out from here a few times already.  Their lunch specials are $5.75 ($6.50 for shrimp)...they are very good.  I highly recommend their Chow Fun Noodles this is not on the lunch special menu but very good. Service was okay...they weren't personable but not rude.
4	Luv it here! Just a tip tho cuz they so busy all da time. Order when u get there and not ahead of time.  Had a cold, almost tasted old dish one time.  Easy fix cuz jus order and wait....play some zynga poker choohoo!
5	Delicious orange chicken and they deliver fast!
5	While staying at the Chandler Courtyard Marriot on Price Rd we were pleased to find a place in our area with good reviews that delivered! We ordered a pretty big order because we had a ton of hungry kids with us for the trip, and we were so happy when the food arrived quickly, was still hot and was darn good! It was packed well also. We were happy to find that the portions were good size and all of us were able to get plenty to eat!Five stars and two thumbs up, would recommend to anyone!
4	This place and Chous are definitely the best Chinese food we have tried in AZ.This is really good NY style Chinese. Try the Chow Fun! It was awesome. We also loved the fried rice and the Walnut Shrimp. The Duck was a bit gamey but very good.
5	I order from Beijing about once a week. The delivery is very quick and the food is always hot! Ask for the spicy chicken soup if you have a cold! Food is great! And I've seen the owner at Sprouts getting fresh produce.
5	Beijing does everything about Chinese takeout perfectly: fast, fresh, affordable. Try the $5.75 lunch specials. There are about 30 dishes that all come with your choice of soup, egg roll or fountain soda. Beware: the soups are THICK
5	In order for any restaurant to receive a 5-star review from me it needs to have four major components covered, -Good, friendly service-GREAT food-Consistency-Reasonable pricesBeijing has got all of these easily covered...I was introduced to Beijing just over a year ago and will not consider any other place when looking for good Chinese food. Consistent with most restaurants in NYC, this "New York" style Chinese restaurants sits in a little hole in the wall that you'd drive right past if you weren't looking. Do not let their appearance dissuade you. This place is legit!! With lunch combos at $5.75 and dinner combos at $8.00 you're getting your money's worth...The fried rice is actual fried rice, not the white rice mixed with peas and scrambled eggs that get at most Chinese joints in AZ. Comparing Beijing to a place like Panda Express is like comparing McDonald's your favorite burger spot. (Unless McDonald's is your favorite burger spot, and if that's the case, what are you doing on Yelp in the first place?) It's hard to name a "favorite dish" when everything is so good, but I can at least list some of my most ordered items...For appetizers, the boneless spare ribs and the pan fried meat dumplings are amazing. If you're looking for a "heavier" item (and like peanuts sauces) The Szechuan Dumplings are incredible.  Entrees, there's too many to name...Chicken in Garlic sauce, Szechuan Chicken, Mongolian beef, Boneless Spare ribs (entree) just to name a few...I've literally not had a bad meal...Place is always busy, so there's no fear of it going out of business anytime soon...Go find out why!
2	I'm sorry I have no idea why they say they do Chinese food NY style! The food was bland at best. We ordered the sweet n sour pork and it was too sweet no sour. The orange beef was soggy, and finally the general Tso chicken had no spice or flavor to it. Please stop saying you're serving NY style Chinese food it's just embarrassing! Yes I'm from NY
5	I have tried MANY Chinese take out places. And have yet to find one whom comes close to "NY style" until today. I order the shrimp lo mein and crab ragoons for delivery. The guy that took my order was a little stuffy at first and almost put me off ordering. But he turned out to be pretty helpful when i needed an opinion in portion size. Anyway, he quoted me 30 mins and the delivery guy was almost right on the dot! Now, the food. Let's just say. I have always ordered crab ragoons and they are typically very basic. But I always order them just kind of out of habit. I just started assuming they all tasted like Panda Express ragoons. But holy cow. These ragoons were AMAZING! I had to stop myself from eating the whole bag of 8 in one sitting. And the shrimp lo mein? Cooked to flippin perfection! Usually I expect to have over cooked shrimp, but no it was literally perfect. And the price was very reasonable. I'm so glad I decided to give them a shot instead of going with the other place that's really close to me that has Panda Express-ish food. I will GLADLY order from here again!
1	What happened to this place?  The prices went up, the food got bad.  It was so bad the last 2 times I went here.  I am so sad to see them taste like all of the other Chinese Fast Food places.  The fried rice was greasy and no flavor.  Not returning.
1	This evening, my wife and I went to Beijing based on her experience ordering food from them for lunch this past Friday.  I tried the noodles she had for lunch and found them quite tasty.  Fast forward to this evening's experience.....a) I have never went to a Chinese restaurant that wasn't Panda Express where I placed the order at the counter when I was eating in.  We had to order our food before we could sit down.b) The egg rolls were tasty but the steamed broccoli and chicken I ate was quite cool in some spots.  When notified, they did warm it up.  However, the rice was also not warm.  I tried my wife's fried rice and it was better but seemed to be missing something.  c) The food was served in paper plates.  Want silverware?  You had to go to the counter for that.  Drinks were served in styrofoam cups.c) I happened to turn my head and noticed that the green beans were being prepared upon a public table.  Can we say potential health code violation?d) When we were leaving, we were reminded to take our own trash to the garbage can by the front door.With that said, the chances of me returning to dine here are pretty much slim and none.
5	I have to say hands down that this is the best chinese food I have had to date! We have ordered delivery a couple times here (a total of 4 different dishes and 2 appetizers) and the food was fresh and very flavorful.It must mean something also when you call and the phone rings a lot and then they place you on a hold (phone on the counter) while taking orders that came in ahead of you. This place is B-U-S-Y!!  Delivery is actually quicker than they stated on the phone and the delivery peeps are nice.So we have tried the Beef/Broccoli, Szechuan Chicken, Diced Chicken with cashews Chicken with fresh mushrooms & snow peas, the crab ragoons and the steamed meat dumplings. EVERY SINGLE DISH WAS DELISH!!!And to top it, the food is delivered looking good too. Not in the traditional white boxes, but black bowl containers with clear lids. This is will be a mainstay for my famile!
4	We stopped here on our way into the Valley because they had solid reviews and we love Chinese food.  We are not disappointed. The food is very good and they are eager to make it however you ask, not only by the menu. I had the Orange Chicken because he said it was their biggest seller. Wonderful. I asked for mine to not be spicy and it wasn't at all.  My husband ate the Garlic Chicken and loved it too. We substituted a bowl of wonton soup for the eggroll that comes with the meal. Simple soup, no veggies or shrimp in it, but delicious. If you like take-out Chinese food this is your place. Only 6 or so tables inn the whole place, but they do tons of take-out and there is a busy delivery boy too.
4	This review was meant for Beijing Express not Beijing Restaurant. I pass this place on my way home from work and decided to try it, after reading reviews on Yelp naturally. Took it to go. I can't tell you how many places I've tried to find what I think of as good egg foo young and egg rolls. I'm originally from the Midwest and the Chinese food is done differently back there. I have to say this is the best egg foo young and egg rolls I've had since moving to AZ.  We also had fried shrimp, beef in garlic sauce and beef lo mein. All of which my husband loved. Beef fried rice was a little dry.  Other then that we were very pleased.  The staff was very pleasant. Will definitely go back. Also we got a free lite of soda with our order.
2	I was disappointed after reading all the positive reviews.  I ordered crab ragoon, chicken lomein, sweet and sour pork, and steamed meat dumplings.  I got delivery, which was fast & courteous.  Overall the food was extremely greasy, I mean literally dripping with grease.  I'm wondering if they need to increase the temperature of the deep fryer and or wok.  I'm no chef, but I've read that if the oil is not hot enough that the food will retain too much oil. The filling for the crab ragoon was as another reviewer mentioned some of the best tasting I've ever had, but it was ruined by the dripping grease.  The sweet & sour pork was almost all breading with very little meat.  I'll be trying another restaurant next time.
5	easily the best take out Chinese food in the East Valley. the quality here is far better than Panda Express. the portions are generous and the combo platters are a perfect size for lunch. never going to Panda Express again!
3	Had to drop a star for these guys.Have tried a handful of other "non deep fried" dishes and they all just kinda leave us flat.The Chow fun is still the best dish they make. We have been moving over to Chous and Chodang lately for Asian
5	Since leaving NY in 2010, I haven't seen Chinese food that compares. The Chinese food in Arizona is weirdly breaded and soggy, and anything close to good is Panda Express (not my first choice, ever). When seeing reviews for this place and there were mentions of "NY Style," I saw a glimmer of hope that all was not lost. I wasn't let down.BEST CRAB WON-TONS! They were crunchy and there was more cheese/crab in them than I've seen in a long time. Plus you get eight, which is quite a lot for an appetizer. The sesame chicken and orange chicken were both crunchy and full of flavor...and exactly like I remember from restaurants back home. I have yet to try the fried rice, but the white rice was cooked to perfection. You have to specifically ask for the fried rice otherwise they will automatically give you white, which is the only reason I went that route. I don't regret it, it was a good option!The inside is very small, with only ~4 tables for people to sit at, so I would recommend take-out and eating at home. They were also very busy, but the food was out quickly and everyone was in a good mood that I talked to.I will definitely be going back, and trying the fried rice this time.
1	I have ordered from here many times, service has never been great but food was ok. Until today. I ordered orange chicken which is usually amazing but today there was a problem with it and I called to complain. The lady who took my call was so rude that she even hung up on me. She insisted on picking up the remaining food in order to get a refund. Won't be going back ever again.
5	Amazing food. Just moved into the area and was looking for our Chinese place of choice, and we found it on the first try. Their food was amazing. They have a great selection and really good prices, and to top it off a wanton egg drop soup, which is the best of both worlds!
3	4 stars for the food. Everything we ordered was delicious and fresh. Nice presentation and packaging. Minus a star for the rude lady who took my order and slammed the phone down on the counter and the guy working the line who was eating a piece of pizza as he was cooking and packaging orders. Not cool! Also, I had to ask for fortune cookies and once our food was home, realized there were no sauces in the bag. What a shame their customer service skills don't appear to be on par with the food.
5	I had been searching for a new Chinese restaurant ever since my previous one of many years changed owners and degraded in quality.  I found Beijing by chance and stopped in to see if they could be up for the challenge.  I ordered Orange Chicken and the Crab Rangoons, took them home and was blown away by how delicious everything was.  Beijing is now on my speed dial and has definitely earned my business for the foreseeable future.
4	My favorite hole in the wall.  If you are looking for great NYC style Chinese food, then this is the place. The lunch special is a bargain.
2	The orange chicken was on the chewy side but had a decent taste, the pork fried rice was very bland, the pork egg roll was pretty damn good but very greasy. I eat a lot and the combo plate filled me up, and was about what I expected to pay. The sanitation issues in this restaurant are remarkable, and I believe are the reasons I spent the next day on the toilet.When I come into your business with money in hand I expect that at the very least you will welcome me. I am very choosy at where I spend my money, but am not hard to please, customer service is paramount. With that said due to my experience at this place, I doubt I will be back.
5	My first time here I bought the chicken and broccoli, Kung pao chicken, crab ragoons, and egg drop soup for takeout. It was amazing, every bit of it. On top if that, the food is relatively cheap (especially for lunch!)  and the service is quick, even for how busy they can be. I crave their food all the time now.
4	Better experience the second time around! The girl answering phones and working the front counter spoke English and was very helpful. It's a busy place because the food is consistently good.
1	Do not eat here!!! The tables where ALL dirty I had to wipe it down myself. The container where the plastic spoons & forks was also dirty. The customer service, we'll if you want to experience the stereo typical rude inconsiderate asian here is your opportunity. The food was served in paper plates. When we finished our meal we where yelled at, that the trash can was behind the counter, to bus the table, even though two employees where just standing there. RUDE, RUDE, RUDE!!!
4	The service is pretty rude, but the food is very good. The garlic chicken and fried rice is always a favorite for us. Every time we have called, however the people on the other end have never been pleasant, to say the least. Honestly, it's a good thing their food is so good, otherwise we would have moved on after the first go around.
4	The orange chicken , sesame chicken and pork fried rice are really good. This is a lot better than Pei Wei . And delivery is fast. Good lunch specials.
4	Food is very good although it can be a little oily at times.  We typically get wonton egg drop soup, a spicy chicken dish, fried rice and vegetable chow fun--all are very good.   They are fast for both pick up and delivery. The food is always hot and the payment process is very efficient!
4	Great food, friendly people BUT, they have removed the CHOW MEIN menu??!! Very confusing to order that now? Ples put the CHOW MEIN menu back in!
4	We were hungry for Chinese food tonight. Beijing is fast, friendly, and very good for delivery. We had the Mongolian beef and and my husband says it is awesome! I had steamed dumplings and I am equally happy. We also got a large wonton soup, which is full of flavorful brought very tasty and very tasty and has good croutons on the side.
