3	Havent been here..YET. just wanted to add it. I did eat some of their sushi while at a picnic...and it was good. I'll go in there, and update this review soon.
4	Sushi Twister is one of the most conveniently located sushi restaurants for people on the East side of town.  I go here for lunch or dinner at least once or twice a week.  Their menu has a great deal of variety.  There are even plenty of things to eat for friends who don't do "raw fish."  The staff is very friendly.  They even know exactly what I will order, and always greet me with a smile.  The all you can eat is $20.95 for lunch, and $25.95 for dinner. Like other places in town, they have a stamp card.  I often get sushi to go as well, and the presentation is very nice on to-go orders too.  I definitely recommend this place for anyone on the East side of town.
4	Took both my uncles here for some good ol eating grub and they love this place. Sashimi bento and some miso soup. I ordered the kobe slices and tempura and Kolbe ordered the tempura. Good eating all around and the tempura was well done in a light batter and the steak was deelish. Wanted to try some sushi but I was craving meat like a t-rex at a buffet.......... great service and overall a great small establishment.One thing I should point out....Both uncles were in the restaurant biz so if they HIGHly suggest this place, then who am I to argue? Go, you wont be disappointed and not only that, my uncles wont kick my ass for talking smack about this place.Itadakimas!
5	A friend of mine told me about this place.  He said I can eat real Japanese food in Vegas.  He was so correct!  Japanese owned and run, the food is great.  We had a bit of everything.  Sushi, rolls, tempura and teriyaki.  All were great.  One of the best tempura I have had outside of Japan.  Great food and low prices!  This place is way off the strip, and well worth the drive. Service was great!
2	Okay went to sushi twister today due to the fact that my new sushi bar does not open for lunch on saturadays which is "island sushi" on eastern ave.  I went here because the yelp reviews were good. here's the low down.1. went for lunch  around 2pm today price $21.99 for all you can eat sushi.2. the selection was good including a wide a sortment of appetizers and rolls.3. Tried my favorite roll rainbow it was okay, too much rice so we stopped ordering rolls and went straight for the nigiri.4. the seared tuna and garlic tuna, halibut were great. The eel anago was good also.5. your all you can eat sushi includes dessert, red bean ice cream good stuff.Why did i give them only 2 stars, it's service the wait staff who took your appetizer orders were good. but the sushi chef started out nice but kinda of ignored us seeing that we eat a lot. Last time I check I payed for all you can eat. We did'nt exceed the time limit which is 45 min for lunch. Also the fact that me and my friend were the only ones in the restaurant, there were two sushi chefs and they were extremely slow, like I said we felt like we were being ignored after few orders. It's like you bastards eat too much so it's time for you to go. Hint hint. The food is good but because of that factor I could not reccomend this place unless all options were closed.Only bright thing the sushi chef did give us couple of blue fin tuna nigiri but so what, in the end its the service that keeps you coming back. You dont know how many friends i have that eat sushi that could pop up you business. """I hope that the owners read this review and change their attitude because why advertise all you can eat in 45 min if your not gonna honor it, towards the end i felt like i had to beg the sushi chefs for more. Also island sushi lunch is 1.5 hours double the time of sushi twister and they were so nice and the food was unbelievable****Honestly I would have given this place 4 or 5 stars if it was'nt for the service. You advertise all you can eat, it better be all you can eat without the guilt.
4	My family and I go here almost bi-weekly...well maybe once a week if we can't decide ( usually I want asian and my man wants steak)- we end up here cause he likes the beef teriyaki and another beef item on their appetizer menu.My boyfriend only started eating "ethnic" foods when we started dating so anything raw is still a little new for him but he has moved up to ahi tuna but he likes a roll called "kill samurai" and always orders that with his beef dish.My 11yr old daughter though, loves having amaebi with me and the shrimp heads deep fried.  They have a hand roll special for lunch- 3 hand rolls for about $8- her fave? Salmon Skin handroll and spicy tuna handroll!We love coming here since we live in the neighborhood but what we love the most is that it reminds us of home, the funky music and the good food.....can't ask for more of a neighborhood sushi hangout.
4	U know, I haven't really been fortunate enough to find a really good sushi place in Vegas. Most places are what I would call imitation sushi. Sushi Twister, though is fairly authentic and now tops my list of "reasonable" sushi restaurants in Vegas.I went there for lunch April 2009 and had the Sushi lunch special for $8.50. This consisted of tuna, hamachi, salmon, tuna ponzu, albacore ponzu, 8 pc calif roll. ( Or spicy tuna roll) and miso soup.The miso soup was good, using white miso and used dashi, with tofu and wakame. The only down side was it was a little luke warm.The sushi was very good. Fish was fresh and appropriately fatty, and cut appropriately, to the right size. The rice was properly prepared, not too mushy, not too al dente, with the vinegar seasoning. It stuck enough until you put it ityour mouth when it fell apart... near perect. They, unlike the many fake sushi places, do put wasabi on the rice, as it should.I also ordered the amaebi. And they took the heads and made tempura out of them.  Just like at home in Japan.The service was average.All in all, this place is so far tops on my list.For me, one annoyance was the constant trans music playing.
4	I've been to Sushi Twister twice.  The first time I did the all-you-can-eat for $26.99 or whatever, and the second time I bought things a la carte and I was plenty full on about $20 worth of food.  The all-you-can-eat is kind of fun, but not necessary.  There are a bunch of specialty rolls (avoid the deep-fried ones if you're doing all-you-can-eat; they're like bricks in your stomach), but I have always preferred my sushi to be on the simple side.  The prices for basic rolls and nigiri are pretty reasonable, and I've found the service to be adequate.  Also, there are some pretty interesting appetizers on the menu.  The jalepeno poppers are unique, and worth trying.I was a little nervous about eating sushi on my side of town, but I was pleasantly surprised to find that it is comparable to any of the 6,000+ sushi places that are in every strip mall in the newer parts of the city.
4	I've been back a couple of times since writing my first review of Sushi Twister.  The sushi lunch special that costs under $10 comes with a very generous amount of food.  I will definitely come here again if I am in the mood for sushi at lunch time.Last night my wife and I ordered the Deluxe Bento Box meal (or whatever it's called).  It supposedly serves 2 people, and it costs $30.  Well, after we had each eaten ourselves to an uncomfortable state of fullness, there was enough food leftover to have fed an additional person.  It came with 11 pieces of sashimi, a reasonably large plate of assorted rolls, and then the holy-crap-there's-more-food? final plate that consisted of grilled teriyaki beef, teriyaki chicken, a piece of grilled salmon, and several pieces of tempura.  For $3 more than the all-you-can-eat price for one person, my wife and I ate until we felt ill.This isn't the best sushi restaurant in Las Vegas, but it has some terrific deals.  Nothing worth driving across the city for, but if you're nearby it's worth a visit.  Plus, it's in a nice and small room, so the service is usually pretty quick.
5	sushi twister all you can eat sushi baby! on point.  I love the all you can eat sushi because you really get your moneys worth. they have delicious fried sushi, baked sushi, and spicy sushi. great variety. i would list all my go to sushi dishes but i can't remember all of their names exactly. all you can eat lunch is 24$ (i think?) and dinner is like $26 or $28 a person. they also give you a stamp card, for every 10 all you can eat meals you get 1 free. if you don't want to do the all you can eat, you can get a bento box or whatever else you want. great food & service is nice. the space is not that big, so sometimes on the weekends it could get busy for dinner.
5	Don't let the location of this place fool you. It's very good sushi. The all you can eat deal includes almost all of their rolls and such.
2	horrible service..we used to eat here alot but the speed of service has gotten slower and slower everytime....now today my family gave them one more shot..had 6 people in our party celebrating a birthday..we were patiently waiting for a table..once a table was available..we were never seated..even the owner ignored us..WE WILL NEVER EAT THERE AGAIN...
4	It's been awhile since I last ate here, but it's one of the best sushi places I've had AYCE at! The fish is fresh, the rolls big and tasty (though possible over-stuffed with rice sometimes- but it's AYCE so I understand why), the amaebi was A-MA-ZING- huge fresh pieces and the chef fried up the heads tempura style, it was delicious and I've only ever had it once as a special from the chef at Yama. The majority of the staff are Nihonjin (Japanese) & I appreciate the chance to practice with friendly & enthusiastic waitresses. They can be pretty strict about the no-sharing policy- my boyfriend got in trouble once for nibbling at a friend's edamame. Slightly more expensive than the other sushi place we've been going to, otherwise we'd probably eat there far more often! Oishii!
5	The food here is awesome not only the sushi but everything else too. The prices are about average but they give very generous portions and service is better then one would expect from a smaller place. I have never been here and not scene about 4 or five other groups so it is definitely a popular place.
5	my mom (mom is Japanese and a critic on the Vegas Japanese establishments since moving from NY) took us here on a recent visit for the holidays. Food was excellent! we had lunch and the amount of food was so much we couldn't finish. Tempura, teriyaki chicken, sushi rolls, all were great lunch choices. Next time I visit I'd like to try AYCE menu. Definitely would recommend, also off the strip with lots of parking.
3	I had the seafood poke bowl lunch special for $9, and thought it was just okay.  There was apparently a variety of seafood in the dish, but I couldn't discern that as the marinade was so overpowering that it all seemed like the same fish to me.I'll try to go back for the AYCE next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Wife found this place. Took us there for lunch. Terrific fresh tasty sushi. Had 3 large rolls and sampled a couple others. Excellant price and great staff. They had you can eat as well. Probably come real hungry next time... miso soup was really good too. Tucked away from the road Boulder Hwy, just past the "other" Vegas sign... A must if in the area... BTW, offered us a kids menu, but my boy was all about the sushi.
5	Sushi Twister is one of my favorite sushi bars in town. The ambiance is delightful and the staff ALWAYS greets you with a warm welcome and sincere farewell, both important topics for me. As a novice I used to enjoy the Todai's and Maikino's of the world, but now I know better. The sushi here is from a much better quality and their presentation is very resourceful. Although some people have raved about their all-you-can eat, I recommend their sushi box for two (around $29). You wil get a nice selection of susji, sashimi, teriyaki and tempura. The serving is more than enough for two people. Sushi twiester also offers live jazz on some nights, but my grave yard shift prevents me from enjoying those.
5	I must admit, I'm new to sushi, so I may not know much, but I do know that this place is awesome! I love their specialty rolls, especially the deep fried rolls and anything that's topped with their spicy mayo!I usually get a lunch special, and add a specialty roll.One thing to note, they do have a late night menu, starting at 9PM on the weekday where they have a few of their specialty rolls at a discount, like under $4!!!
4	MhhHhhhh they have a sushi roll called OH MAH GOD! and LITERALLY your like OMG!!!
2	Another AYCE sushi place. I went here a year ago and remember it being better. The service was still good, they're fast and constantly checked on us. Here's a breakdown of the sushi we ate:Volcano - too much mayo tasting.  Dragon - rice a little slushy. Eel sauce is good. Average everything else  Boulder crunch - could only really taste the avocado and the eel sauce. Would not recommend Are you ready - it really is spicy. And I can handle a good amount. That said, it's an ok roll. Can't really taste the roll through all the spicyness. Lasagna - too mushy. Couldn't really taste the flavorsHamachi (yellowtail) - tasty. Texture was alright.Albacore (bincho) - a little salty. Texture was off. Would not orderHalibut (hirame) - texture was terrible. Not a fan
4	This place is probably my favorite sushi joint on the East side of town.  They have a great selection of rolls and have good quality fish.  For some reason, I find it hard to find spicy crab rolls, and this place has great ones.  The boulder crunchy, which is an avocado and tempura shrimp roll, is also great.  Their tempura is light and tasty, although, they are a bit skimpy on the order size (they give you two per order, another place I go to gives you three).My only quibble with this place is the service.  While they are nice, as another reviewer said, after a few plates of sushi, one gets the feeling that the wait staff as well as the sushi chef is ignoring you while thinking, "Stop eating!".  Some servers are better than others about that, but this is the one place I go where I feel like this is almost always an issue, whereas it is not with other sushi places I've been to.  I think that for the price they charge for an ACYE dinner, and accounting for the frequency of which I dine there (and always tip well), this is a bit uncalled for.
5	I really love coming here! I usually get a combination plate and a roll. Really awesome prices and portions that really fill you up! It's tasty. The staff usually greets you with a warm welcome. Definitely recommend if you want a casual place to meet a friend for lunch.
4	My guy friend took me here for a belated birthday lunch, & I must say it was worth the drive since we live on the other side of town. Since it was my first time & my friend was bragging about how good the sushi is, we did mostly half rolls. This is probably the most sushi I've ever tried in one sitting :P Thank goodness for those half rolls! Anyway, the server was helpful & attentive. Right when you come in there is an anti-bacterial foam dispenser :) We were sitting in the middle of the restaurant at one of the higher tables. I don't remember them having a tv, but they did have a projector screen above the entry to the restrooms. They also have a Sushi Twister point card; after 10 all you can eat purchases you get one free~Nigiri garlic tuna - it tastes just how it's described. delicious :PN.Z. Mussels - not big on mussels, but the eel sauce & cream cheese made it taste better for me!Call a doctor VS Friday the 13th - the sauces come on the side, but I really enjoyed this roll. it took me another 5 minutes to take another piece, but it was great. the habanera [isn't it habanerO? hm] is what got meEcstasy - I barely remember this roll because the Call a dr. was still burning my mouth. haha, but I know it was tasty! Spicy tuna with cucumber inside with more tuna on topSpider Man - soft shell crab, cucumber, crab meat thats deep fried with eel sauce always gets me ;) dont forget the shrimp on top!!Angry Ninja - this was new to the menu, same as the ninja roll but with habanera sauce on top. I dont know why, but that habanera sauce always felt like it was burning UNDER my tongue too. haha, weirdMagic Mountain - super duper light. there was barely any rice in this roll, so if you wana take a break with the carbs, eat this!!Crispy Vacation - Most of the time I have soy sauce with my sushi, but this was the ONLY roll I dipped into soy sauce. Not as much flavor as I wanted, but then again those spicy rolls were probably still messing with my taste buds :/Japanese Lasagna - This was my friend's favorite roll & he always gets it when we eat sushi. Honestly, they taste the same to me cause there's so much going on. I'm not hating though! I prefer to eat the baked rolls when I'm juust about to get fullSalmon Loves Lemon - I don't remember ever having a roll like this, but it was good! The sourness from the lemon was perfect since the lemon slice was super thin :9Volcano - same description as Japanese lasagna.. and I have never had these many rolls in one sitting! BLAHOh My God - having soft shell crab & eel sauce is cheats! haha, I enjoyed it & my friend said "it lives up to it's name.. OMG!!"For dessert we had mango mochi ice cream & green tea ice cream. By this time I'm ready to explode from all the sushi. I went into the women's restroom [no, I did not #2 in the restroom! haha]. The signs on the door are so cute btw! But it was very clean & even had a nice floral scent in there. Sushi Twister, you had me at the foam hand sanitizer!! I will return with my boyfriend asap.
4	3.5 stars would be more accurate I think, but I decided to round up. AYCE sushi that doesn't take me 20 minutes to drive to from my house. YAY! Location, for me, is a plus... Sadly, I have only been to Sushi Twister twice. The lack of visits is certainly not related to the location, price or quality of the sushi though... The husband doesn't eat much seafood so sushi for dinner just isn't an option as often as I would like it to be!I have never had a problem with service here, and while there is a time limit for AYCE, it has never been an issue for me. The sushi is good, not mind blowingly amazing, just good.
4	Sushi is the type of food I can most comfortably say I frequent the most.  It almost seems like I am always trying to find the best sushi spots in Vegas and find out what they're all about.  Plus, I usually always target AYCE sushi joints because I am a big guy with a big appetite.  With that being said, whenever I prod anyone to come out and eat sushi with me I always hear the name "Sushi Twister" mentioned.  While there are a lot of people that rave about this place, I'm never quite in the same boat as they are.  Don't get me wrong.. the ambiance is great, the staff is friendly, and the location is awesome (about 15 minutes from my house and about 2 minutes away from my job) but the sushi doesn't cut it for me.  There are a few good rolls like the Freddy vs. Jason, Boulder Crunchy, and the Ecstasy roll but the majority of the rolls I didn't really find appealing.  I like the fact that they had low sodium soy sauce, good prices on Sake, and a giant screen projection for a movie or sporting event, but after going there a few times I'd rather stick to my usual hangouts.  On a side note, the chefs were pretty funny and just a tad bit obnoxious at times but that only added to the appeal of the Sushi Twister environment.  Not bad IMO but not enough to coax me back for another AYCE encounter with the "Twister".
3	Eat a lot of sushi.  This place was real average.  Did the all you can eat, they do a ton of fried type rolls.  Wasn't real impressed.  Go to Sushi Yama instead.
2	Great Sushi ... I had all u can eat ... However, I do have a compliant: ... I asks for a bowl of rice and miso soup for my 2 yrs old. They charge me $3 for it and $2.50 for a piece of Mochi ice cream, because they saw her eat it instead of me.  We spend over a hunded on the bill and they nickel and dime you. This is poor service on Management. ... The waiter service was good. Kids under 3 always eat for free.  How much can a 2 yrs old eat??I have a lot of friends who visit Vegas all the time. This is not a place I would recommend family w/kids to dine.This is not a family friendly place. I took off 2 star for that.
4	Sapporo on draft, saki in several flavors, and rolls that will make you slap yo mama.
4	Reasons why I love this place:-Every one is super friendly =D-there are lots of delicious appetizers, ice cream and mochi that are included on the all you can eat.-My favorite specialty rolls are the   Ninja (8pcs)Shrimp tempura, crab, cucumber inside topped w/ crab & splashed w/ tempura crumbs, Japanese salsa & eel Sauce. Anything here with eel sauce is delicious! &  Salmon loves lemon ( 8pcs) a California roll with a piece of salmon on top and a thin slice of lemon soooo good, the lemon is sliced with the rind but its super thin so you get all the great flavor but without the sour-ness, the salmon is fresh and delicious. The only thing to be careful about here is the deep fried or baked rolls, they can be really heavy on your stomach and may not leave room to try all the other awesome stuff.
4	I was skeptical because of the location but, boy, am I glad we tried it!  Great ambiance & great sushi!  We usually stick with nigiri-sushi b/c we aren't crazy about a lot of the sauces and other crap some places use in their rolls.  But we tried a few at Sushi Twister and they were winners - especially the Spider Man and the Boulder Crunch.  MMM!  Can't wait to go back.  They also had a two person dinner for $30 (the folks next to us ordered it) and it looked like a ridiculous amount of food.  Definitely going to try that next time.  AYCE was $26.95 for dinner, pricing it competitively with most other AYCE places.Someone mentioned it wasn't kid friendly ...but when we were there on a Tuesday night (it was packed that night) there were tons of kids.  The kids menu was pretty darn cheap if you ask me so I'm definitely going to bring my 7 year old next time.
4	I came here last night for the first time and had all-you-can-eat.  First, it was pretty packed -- the wait was about 20-30 minutes around 9:00 PM for a group of 6 -- but the wait was worth it.I ordered the rainbow, volcano, and salmon loves lemon rolls and the screaming orgasm appetizer.  The screaming orgasm came out first, it was presented differently than I've seen at most sushi bars, but the "ecstasy" sauce was the best part of it.  There is a one-order limit on these, so I'd suggest if you're going with a big group and you want more than one to have everyone in the group order one, whether they want it or not to get the most out of it. The rainbow and salmon loves lemon rolls came out together.  No complaints there.  The rainbow is a pretty generic roll, so it's hard to mess up, but the fish all tasted great and fresh.  The salmon loves lemon roll reminds me of a roll at Sushi Factory East (can't remember what it's called, maybe the LA Boxing roll?).  Anyway, I liked the thin slice of lemon on top, it added an interesting flavor to the salmon and california roll underneath. The volcano roll came out last and it was pretty much perfect -- not too much yum yum sauce, but enough to get the flavor.  I also love the baked scallops on top.I also tried pieces of the Mexican and Rum Jungle rolls.  The Mexican roll was tasty and just the right amount of spicy; the Rum Jungle roll, on the other hand, was good, except for the Japanese "salsa" on top.  I'd probably get it without the salsa next time. For dessert, I had the mango mochi, which was nothing special, but good.  There is a one-order limit on the mochi and only two flavors (mango and strawberry), but the green tea and red bean ice cream is unlimited.The AYCE dinner was $26.95 and there was an automatic gratuity of 18% for our group of 6.  They also have a punch card, where if you eat there 10 times you get 1 free. The service was better than most sushi places I've been to, so that was a plus.  They were pretty attentive and usually came by pretty frequently so that we could order more rolls on a steady basis.  Overall, I liked this place, but I most likely will not return unless I'm in the area.
5	One of my two favorite places in Vegas. Nice, fast, friendly service with a good variety on the menu. Deep fried rolls are great because they are not soaked in batter. They are very light so they don't fill you up so fast. Magic Mountain and Ecstasy rolls are a must. Average price for all you can eat coming in at around $60 for 2 people with fountain drinks.
4	i'm not that big of a sushi snob to know what is the best sushi place but all of the rolls i had here were very good. The service was outstanding. Our server was at the table evey couple of minutes either taking our order, filling our drinks or bringing more rolls. The AYCE was well worth the price. They had a Monday Night Football special that I overlooked but seemed like a great deal. I would definately return here. Very Friendly Staff, always helps your dinning experience!!
5	Finally I get to return here to yelp about this place. this place is great. I've tried everything on the menu except 2 items. I like the all you can eat. I have tried other places and nothing seems to compare, but I'll keep trying since I love Sushi. do you like Saki? try the raspberry Saki its devine.
4	Bomb joint!!! One of my favorite sushi joint! About $27 buck for all you can eat during dinner time. You limit up to an hour but I've stayed over an hour many times here and haven't been asked to leave even when crowded! Great service!
5	A few months ago, a friend who loves sushi had told me about this place. I believe the first time i tried this was around May 2010. Located on the east side of town at the intersection of Tropicana and Boulder Highway, it was clearly on the opposite side of town where i lived. Prices were average at $26.95/person for dinner, and $21.95/person for lunch. First impression? Upon entry, widely greeted by all the staff in japanese and was quickly shown to our table. According to my friend, the owner is one that stands closest to the entrance to the restaurant at the corner of the sushi bar. He used to be a chef at another restaurant, but later left and opened this place. This is when I first started to rate places i go to, so i didnt have a variety of tests to check the place out, but as of recently i had checked, they passed it all. Fish not presliced and covered with serand wrap in the refrigeration cabinet at the sushi bar. One thing people order initially is the tamago nigiri. It is to test the skill of the sushi chef as well as an initial test for the rice. Both very good. Egg was sweet and cut thick. Rice was a small amount and had a particular nice taste that complimented well. (pride of the sushi chef). We had orders the 3 primary fish (tuna, salmon, yellowtail) for nigiri, enough to taste/see the quality before we order more. Small amount of rice, nice good size slice of fish. Rice flavor complimented the freshness and sweetness of each fish very nicely. And then, it was game over. 30+ orders of each salmon, tuna, and yellowtail. Best quality fish ever have tasted at a all-you-can-eat restaurant in las vegas. On the side note, you are able to ask the chef what is the freshest fish they have that day is, and try that. Usually pretty good as well even if its not salmon, tuna, or yellowtail.The waitresses and chefs are very open to custom orders of any kind (i mean almost any kind... oh man, my friend made a weird one - natto and squid topped with yum yum sauce... i shiver at the idea of natto... *shivers*) Another note, try to remember to look at the special on the wall opposite of the sushi bar. Sometimes they have pretty good specials that you can order, that is included in the all-you-can-eat plan. Sometimes they have blue fin tuna or fatty tuna ! O_O YUMMY !Have tried a few of the rolls and they are pretty good too. None with sauces too overpowering but enough to produce a flavor from the sauce without covering the flavor of the ingredientsAlso... desserts... all-you-can-eat ice cream and mochi... a plus for a lot of people =P esp since i love green tea ice cream =]  Quality of this place is really good, though its far for some people, but in my opinion, definately worth it. --------------------------------------My friends and I rate this place a 9.5 out of 10 with a minimum score of at least 7 from the several times we have ate at this restaurant.
2	I can't give this more than 2 stars because the service last night absolutely STUNK.I was really bummed because my brother LOVES this place and has been bugging us to try it for months.  I couldn't wait to give it a shot. The AYCE sushi itself was good.  Pretty standard in my opinion, but nothing bad.  We really liked the Mexican roll and I thought the albacore and garlic tuna were really yummy.  None of the others really stood out.But on to the part that drops it down to 2 stars (and ensures I'll never be back).  The service was unbelievably slow.  I mean REALLY slow.  Granted, they only had two sushi chefs and one waitress and the place was almost full... but hey that's not my fault.  Get some more staff!  And while you're at it... get some food servers with a decent personality!Meh... sorry Sushi Twister.  I know you have your fans, but I'm not one of them.  I'm going back to Sin City next time I have my AYCE craving!
4	Its not Nobu or Sushi + Sake or I Love Sushi but if you are looking for a great value, some fun, creative sushi rolls, AYCE, and a pretty cool atmoshere with a big screen TV and great music, this is a good find.   We stumbled upon this driving by Boulder Hwy one night and now we are there 1 -2 times monthly.   The service is great and the food is very good...even the cooked stuff is worth trying.   Glad to see it getting props on Yelp.  It's been more crowded lately.  I'm sure this is one of the reasons why.
5	I always have to visit Sushi Twister whenever I am in Las Vegas. Absolutely cheap prices for Japanese food and amazingly delicious! I love this place so much, on my second time eating there, I didn't know what the name of the restaurant was, where it was, but I drove around Las Vegas blindly for 2 hours until I finally found it. Absolutely worth the risk, you should of seen the look of joy on my face when I eventually found it! Can't wait to go back!
3	The sushi here is pretty decent, nothing amazing but nothing horrible.  It's a little pricey for what the quality is, and the 2 times i have been here the service has been horrible.
4	Best all you can eat sushi in town? But "Best" is such a big word so let's settle for "Great".The place has become a fail-safe dinner option ever since I moved into town. Service is great & very prompt, no matter what you pick off the all you can eat menu, its always pleasurable.That being said my current tally of what I've  had (will continually update):-Kill Samurai-Crispy Vacation-Spider Roll-Rum Jungle-DynamiteWhile I'm not a big fan of my scallops (Dynamite) swimming in a bowl of grease & mayo, after you shake off all the grease its light on the palate & heavy on taste. Japanese salsa is such a wonderful food invention! Light, rich, mildly hot & extremely versatile that would I would prefer all my sushi be served with it! Or just pack it up in a jar for me to consume at home!It seems that their menu has changed since my last visit before I started yelping.
4	At least once a month I eat her to get my sushi fix. Really I just dig the atmosphere and the Budda Bar CD they always got playing and there's a huge screen TV that's got some game on. The sushi is excellent for the price. I judge sushi by the amounts of rice that is used verses the portions of fish. Well balanced and fresh. It's not Nobu twisting so don't expect anything outside the usual sushi bar menu. The staff is warm and friendly. Sapporo draft and warm saki shots make it quite a night out. Not the cheapest sushi bar around nor is it too expensive. I do feel the food quality, atmosphere, and cute waitresses gives value to the menu price. I'm all about the Nigiri which is well done. the rolls are always done perfect.
3	I'm giving this place three stars because my friends really love it. I'm not a sushi person by any means but my girlfriend loves it. Honestly I was wasn't terribly impressed. I had the chicken Katsu and it wasn't very good. Ok at best. The green tea wasn't great either. The next day I fell I'll with food poisoning and I'm pretty sure it was from this place. Service was good though :)
5	OMG!!! Best all you can eat sushi in ALL of Vegas!!! They are VERY generous.... very very fresh , excellent quality and on Fridays they offer Toro in the all you can eat!!! CANT BEAT IT!!!! We went 2 times in 1 week...Yes...THAT GOOD!!!!
4	I love sushi.  Let me say it again...I LOVE SUSHI.  I love it in the morning, I love it in the afternoon, heck, I love it in the evening.  I stumbled upon Sushi Twister while meeting a friends' friend there for lunch.  From the location (trop and boulder) I thought that it would be ahem, ghetto.  Upon walking in you are immediately greeted and the staff is all smiles.  You get seated right on the spot, whether its the sushi bar or a table (we always opt for the table).  The menu has some of the most intriguing and delicious rolls I've ever seen, as well as the favorites of any sushi restaurant.  Things like...  Rum Jungle roll?  Sure!  The Mexican roll?  Sure!   Also they are NEVER stuffed with too much rice...you get the amount of fish you pay for!For price-wise, they have all you can eat for $27, which I think is a little pricey, but the rolls definitely make up for it.  So why do I only give it 4 stars?  Whenever you get all you can eat, there's usually a rule saying you have to eat everything you order.  The staff seem to be everywhere, looking at every roll that enters your mouth to make sure you do not share it with someone else (like me, who never orders all you can eat sushi since I can only handle 1.5 rolls).  But hey, friendly staff, great sushi, drinks always filled, and not as expensive as other sushi restaurants.  Try it :)
5	Let's just say that I can eat here everyday during my trips to Vegas and I'd fly back to Hawaii completely satisfied. I am a tough critic when it comes to fish....whether it's raw or cooked, I can only eat it fresh. I will literally gag if I'm served previously frozen fish.With that said, Sushi Twister is not only awesome for serving fresh fish, but the AYCE concept just blows my mind. How can they serve such great quality fish at such reasonable prices? I mean, $30 per person for AYCE sushi AND kitchen ala carte items?! What?Anyway, everything I ate was good. I especially liked the toro, uni, and amaebi nigiri sushi. I'm not into maki sushi but the oh my god roll which consisted of scallops, crab, and yum yum sauce was really delicious. And the agedashi tofu and hamachi kama from the kitchen menu was cooked to perfection!Service was great, ambience is perfect, and always a good time at Sushi Twister.
5	The two times I've been here for AYCE sushi are with my friends who usually order most of the fish and I just eat from it.My friends are sushi addicts and they only eat at Sushi Twister & Sushi Wa in Vegas. Twister's fish is fresh and their service is decent. I haven't really been a fan of any specific roll they have, but their nigiri is all I need. I've actually learned to have wasabi now so it's pretty cool (previously I refused wasabi in all ways). I guess with all the wasabi on the nigiri, I've learned to like it.If it wasn't so far from me, this would probably be the ayce sushi place I'd go to since my 3 friends are picky sushi eaters.PS. I love their unlimited ice cream. There's only two choices, but I love the red bean.
5	This is my favorite place for sushi in Las Vegas. The fish is fresh and service is decent. My favorite is the tempura lunch special (Tempura shrimp and vegetables, salad, steamed rice, and California roll) for $6.95. Can't beat that! Also love the green tea ice cream for desert.
5	Sushi Twister has go it going on!I love this place because they have nigiri down to an art man. Their cuts of fish are just outstanding and the taste is like.. OMG WOW SUSHI YESSSS.I have a few friends that I go to when I want to know anything Sushi so when they said that this is the place, I took their word without question and I was not at all disappointed.They have a wide variety of fish for nigiri and from my understanding (according to my sushi expert friends) Twister has probably got some of the freshest fish you can find on your nigiri in Vegas and not only that but apparently they know how to prepare the fish authentically.On top of that their selection of specialty rolls is pretty massive and I definitely applaud them for their creativity. Going back to my sushi expert friends, they really only like nigiri but apparently the rolls here utilize the same great fish that's on the nigiri that they don't mind having a few specialty rolls as well.Now, I am by no means an expert on sushi but when the food is good.. the food is good and the food here is DAMN good.My only real problem with this place is unlike Sushi-Mon and the newly opened Goyemon, Twister does not offer all you can eat dessert which is a real bummer since I would love to have like 4-5 pieces of mochi ice cream like I normally do at Sushi-Mon as opposed to the one piece that they cut in half to make two at Twister.Fortunately for them, I won't remove a star because like I have been saying.. the food is f^&#ing good. :)For out of towners. This is not within reasonable driving distance of the strip so unless you're staying for a while and you're with other locals.. I wouldn't suggest it. It would be worth the drive if you have the time though.
4	just had to mention the scallop twister hand roll I tried last time. OMG Amazing!! i really dont know what all is in it... but whatever it is, its like heaven in my mouth =)
5	Great place for a meal rice,salad, miso, california rolls, kobe or salmon or tempura all fresh made and reasonably priced. And of course expertly made sushi.
5	One of the top sushi places in town. I mostly like to eat their salmon and seared tuna nigiri. Love their red bean ice cream, too.For big parties (since everytime I'm here, it's with a big party of 6+), they will do split checks. Ask for the stamp card so that you get a stamp for each person and get the 10th ayce free.Unlike some places, they will do half rolls, but not on everything. They only have two types of mochi ice cream (and it's one per person) of mango and strawberry. For their unlimited ice cream, they only have green tea and red bean. I wish they had chocolate of either :(.Each time, I'm pretty happy with their service so that's a plus. Pretty consistent, too. The only reason why I wouldn't come here as often would be because of its location. So far away from me :(. If you're in the area, DROP BY FOR SOME SUSHI!
5	I absolutely love Sushi Twisters AYCE menu! Everything is high quality from the soups to desserts. They have a great selection of all types of nigiri, rolls, soups, appetizers, etc. The baked mussels and baked scallops are absolutely amazing! I always regret eating sushi anywhere else as nothing compares!!!
5	**Summary**       - Sushi Rice - They use their own wooden sushi rice tub so their rice tastes a ton better than other places that just use a simple rice cooker. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/MXC9pwIxovWUc9yu1F8OxA?select=Ibo4zWnSyIkQgruCj7ilVw)       - Freshness - Their salmon and ikura were especially fresh.        - Special Daily Fish - They have daily fish specials like fatty tuna. However, the day we went, they ran out.       - Service - Our chef was friendly and very quick. The place was packed so I understand why the waitresses were a bit laggy.**Price**       - $21.95 Lunch Open - 4pm.       - $26.95 Dinner 4pm - Close.**Ordered**       - Monkey Ball - Spicy Tuna and Mushroom in a tempura ball. The mushroom overpowered the rest of the dish, but it was an interesting idea.       - Aurora Shrimp - Fried shrimp with Japanese mayo on top.       - Dynamite - Scallops, onion, mushroom, and imitation crab meat on a big half shell. One of the best Dynamites I've had.       - Sushi-Twister - Shrimp Tempura and Tuna with Japanese Salsa (Ponzu sauce base with a spicy kick)       - Oh My God - Yum Yum scallops, imitation crab, and soft shell crab with eel sauce. Heavier roll, but delicious.       - Yellow Mango with Shrimp - Yellowtail, mango sauce, and shrimp. It was a light roll and the mango sauce added a sweet flavor.**Recommendations**       - I'd definitely recommend this place. The fish is fresh, the rolls are inventive, and the appetizers are delcious. It's a no brainer.
5	SO GOOD. AYCE for 21+ tax (for lunch).  Fresh, quality sushi, tons of rolls, dessert! The options were endless.. and it was all GOOD. I like how they had a bit of everything for everyone.. it's great for big groups because they can cater to everyone across the spectrum w/ sushi, rolls, cooked japanese dishes if you arent into raw fish, ice cream desserts.. I really recommend yellowtail and hamachi. I wish there was a place like this in West LA.. Seriously, forget Todai..come here if you're ever in Vegas! UGH sushi cravings..!!
5	I will never eat sushi anywhere else while living in NV. Seriously. Hands down, some of the freshest, best tasting sushi I've had here. My husband got an inside tip from a co-worker that knows that the owner purchases the fish the day it's flown in, so it was worth the drive to try it out. Now that we've made the trip & know that the quality of the fish they serve is top-notch, we will not hesitate to go back. Wish it was just a tad bit closer to home but that's my "I don't want to get in my car & drive any further than I have to when it's 110 degrees" side coming out. I will suck it up though & make the drive b/c it's that good! We've been twice now & both times we have loved everything we've tried. I should preface this by saying that I am not a huge fan of all the "fancy" rolls that have become so popular over the last decade or so. I'm an old-school sushi eater, I like the simplicity of Sashimi & Nigiri. I like to taste the fish. When it's all wrapped up in a roll covered in sauces & tempura crunch, it can be very hard to tell if you're even getting a fresh piece of fish & that worries me a bit! The 1st time we went, I had a hankering for Salmon terriyaki & was not really in the mood for sushi. Maybe only the 2nd time in my life that has ever happened! I did order the Poki appetizer & it was AH-mazing. The salmon terriyaki was good although the sauce was way too thick & there was too much of it covering the fish. If I order it again, I will definitely ask them to go easy on the sauce! Hubby ordered the AYCE & from what I could tell, he enjoyed every roll he had. This last time we both had the AYCE & I will probably only do that from now on. It's a great value even if you don't eat very much & you can choose from hot & cold appetizers as well as all the sushi choices. I ordered the Poki again along with some Nigiri orders & even a couple of the "fancy" rolls, mainly b/c I already knew that their fish was fresh. I liked the Angry Ninja & the Sushi twister roll the best. I think I could eat that Japanese salsa all by itself.. yum!  I was slightly disappointed that they don't have fresh wasabi. Most of the better Sushi restaurants I've been to have it available for an extra charge so I was surprised they didn't have it. I have developed quite the affinity for it & can't really eat the stuff made from a powder anymore. I hope they consider making it available in the future & would be happy to pay an extra dollar or 2 to have some for my sushi. We will be bringing the kids next time. Sushi gets very expensive when we go out as a family but the AYCE deal will make it much more reasonable & they will be thrilled.. "anything we want?!"
5	OMG All the chefs and dishwashers and servers and host or ess greet you at the same time as you walk in. They ask if its your 1st time here and i said yes because it was. They explained all that was included in AYCE sushi. I felt at home. The chefs constantly check up on you and the quality of the sushi. Which ya know before i really ate the good stuff. I thought the stuff they have at a buffet was decent. WELL NOT ANYMORE. PFFFT BUFFET SUSHI EWWWW ICK. Sushi Twister is great. I dont like scallops but I recommend trying Dynamite which is Baked scallops on a half shell and they still come out frying to your table. DELIC. And i love how most rolls come out in half portions if you request it so you can try more. There is one with Mango sauce on top OMG it was great. And they give you a stamp card. I think this one in my eyes tops them all. I shall be back. And i dont pass around 5 stars lightly but this one i think ill make my residence SUSHI DEN.
5	My boyfriend and I have been trying to expand our sushi wings and explore new sushi places. We read a bunch of positive reviews about Sushi Twister here on Yelp and figured it was worth a try. It isn't anywhere near our house, but we figured good sushi was worth the drive...and it was!We went with the All You Can Eat and sat at the sushi bar, which was a great choice. We didn't wait more than 2-3 minutes after ordering each roll. The service was excellent and timely, and they were packed.Our favorite items included the albacore, garlic tuna, Kill Samurai, and Cowgirl. You can order 1/2 or full orders, which we loved. It allowed us to try more rolls without feeling too stuffed.My only complaint would be the spicy rolls. They weren't as spicy as I would have preferred, but they were still delicious. I tried the Angry Ninja and Call a Doctor vs. Friday the 13th.Overall, we had an excellent dining experience, and we will definitely be back!
4	Love this place.  You'd never would think that there is such a good sushi spot in such a ghetto area, but don't be fooled...there is!Go there on the weekdays after 9pm for some killer happy hour specials that are listed on the center table card.  They have some amazing take out deals as well!It's not my absolute favorite spot, but it's my everyday go to spot. I wish they had better music.  That's for sure.  At the very least something traditional instead of elevator techno.
3	Sushi, I'm sorry but I'm just not that into you.. Seaweed (yuck), raw fish (cringe), and huge bites at a time (gag).. but I digress.. My other half has a deep love for sushi (and most things Asian for that matter, haha) so I like to be a good sport and attend these all you can eat feeding frenzies whenever the suggestion is made; it's me compromising ;) Not located in the greatest parts of town, we entered the somewhat warm establishment. We were greeted right away and sat with a quickness. The server took quite a while taking our drink order and didn't express much in the way of personality. The music was quite eclectic, Asian techno, to indie music, to um..??? The decor was bland, much like the chicken dish I ordered but the cucumber salad was sort of redeeming really, how can you screw up cucumber salad anyway, right? The other half enjoyed one roll (I forgot which one) out of (I lost count), several and stated that a return visit wouldn't necessary be in the cards. Not that the food or service was so terrible, but that there are plenty of other, "better" choices out there for sushi. I give this joint 3-stars because it wasn't terrible and it was about as fantastic as an inexpensive sushi place could be to a non-sushi lover. Best part: cucumber salad and price Try it, or don't..whatevs ;)
5	hands down my favorite place for sushi in Vegas ... and let me tell you I have tried a few! My bf and I eat there usually 1-2 times a week. Dang is my personal favorite sushi chef, he makes the best rolls and is always willing to explain what something is. The staff is always friendly and willing to make suggestions. All You Can Eat is well worth its weight in sushi, and they have a punch card so you can earn a free one. Most rolls you can order in half size so you can try new things without having to commit. I have yet to try something there I dont like. if you go you HAVE to try the monkey balls .... they are amazing! Oh and PS they make their own eel sauce which is killer on cali rolls LOVE LOVE LOVE SUSHI TWISTER!!!
5	Favorite place here in town and great prices!!
4	I can only comment on their takeout lunch specials.  I usually get the seafood poki bowl.  It is an assorted dish of fish such as salmon and tuna on a bed of rice and seaweed.  The types of fish they put in your bowl may vary, but I've always noticed salmon was always in my order.  The portion is quite generous. Not bad for $8.38! I like the container it comes in. The presentation is pretty nice.The beef lunch special is not bad either. It says on the menu it's a Kobe style filet mignon chip beef.  For $8.50 you can't go wrong.  Service is great.  The waitresses always let you check your food before they bag it up.I have yet to try their AYCE!
5	You want good sushi?  This is the place.  Yea I know,  the neighborhood is not exactly the most flashy or the most refined, and that was why I was so surprised to find this place, and am even more pleased that they appear to be doing well.The secret you ask?  GOOD FOOD!  Gosh, Sushi Twister is everything that you would want is a small restaurant.  The staff is quick, accurate, and polite.  The rolls are fresh and packed with complex flavors.  The menu is extensive AND green tea ice cream is on the menu....and its FANTASTIC  (also have red bean ice cream for those of you who are into that kind of thing).I cannot comment on the price of the individual rolls because I'm usually an all you can eat dinner customer.  Side note, one of the marks of a good sushi joint is if the staff/chefs speak Japanese.  At Sushi Twister, you can (if you want) order in Japanese! =)
5	They really have a great value on their food.one of the best AYCE sushi in Vegas. Atmosphere is casual but nice. The people are nice and friendly. staff are friendly and remember your regular orders. there may be a time limit on "eat all you can eat" but the service is the fastest  i seen.the price is reasonable you can not go wrong..
4	Never ate at the restaurant. I get takeout but I love everything I've had. And I am one to try new rolls. They have great sauces with their specialty rolls.
4	I really like the all you can eat, it's close to the house and its an average price. The service is good and the ambiance is nice. I like the smaller space and the food is really good as well.
5	Bento Box for 2 is a great deal! I have dined at Sushi Twister for long time, but never ever tried this bento deal. It is for two people, you have mix tempura, two miso soups, 4 different rolls, 4 kinds of sashimi plates. It is really fair and excellent quality. Last night, the restaurant was running lobster roll special for $14 dollars deal~ Need to try next time for sure
2	It's okay, I've had a lot better
4	We've been here twice for AYCE sushi.  They've been very positive experiences the price is fair and comparative to other AYCE in the valley  about 21 dollars for lunch and 25 for dinner. Our last visit was the most recent, before that was over a year ago but I remember being happy with the meal. I started with some Nigiri mackerel, red snapper, and seared tuna, all were fresh and tasty. I opted for the pan friend gyoza and mussels, they were both good. Had a buncha rolls, probably too many but that's AYCE right? I really liked the Spicy Ninja, and got a hand roll with Habanero and twister scallops very good!   I like Sushi Twister, good quality, fair price, friendly staff, and nice atmosphere.  Recommend if you're in the area.
5	sushi twister is like....the best place you can find really good quality shrimp tempura!!!! so good, you will close your eyes and say,"that's the best shrimp i ever had!!!" the sushi is also really good too! you should get the oh my god roll!! it's really good! it has crab and i think artificial crab meat!!! but it's soooooo good!!! so if your planning on going to your local sushi place....don't! go to sushi twister!!! the only place who has good quality sushi!!!! if you don't, then you might regret it later!!!
4	I do enjoy Sushi Twister. There's a wide selection of choices on the AYCE menu, and they helpfully break them up by category (spicy, baked, fried, etc.), so that's cool. There's myriad appetizers to order, and they're all delicious. We come here at least monthly, sometimes more. The price is exactly right for what you get.
4	I think that all the (all you can eat sushi places) on yelp with 4+ stars tend to be good.  This was no exception. We went to this place on saturday after trying to go to Yama Sushi to try something new and not wait 1.5 hours.  After the initial 15 min , we were seated and had drinks in our hands.  Our waiter was helpful and patient.  She came frequently to check on orders, after the intial difference in names.... I found all the tasty dishes I liked.  If you have a chance to go, definately do it and try the firecracker, baked scallops and muscles!!
5	We live 1.1 miles away from Sushi Twister, which means we eat here constantly. The staff is fantastic and great with children. The price is good and their rolls are great. If you are even considering eating here, you should. I highly suggest the Cowgirl, Japanese Lasagna and red bean ice cream.
4	Sushi Twister is consistently good! We are regulars that eat there probably every 6 weeks or so. My favorite roll is the Angry Ninja. It's a must try if you like spicy food!
5	wasn't expecting much, we were at Sam Boyd Stadium all day and my friends were in the mood for sushi and we saw this place when we stopped for gas.  it didn't look like much, a sushi restaurant in a strip mall next to StarBucks.  really?  how good could it be?  IT was the best value of sushi I have ever had.  we had a party of 8, ordered the 'all you can eat' for $28 (I think), and the service was quick, friendly and helpful.  the food was great.  we left full.  how often do you actually leave a sushi bar full?  not often for me.  I will defineately eat there again when I am back in Vegas!
4	Luv me some AYCE sushi!
4	Only giving 4 stars because if you didn't order the All You Can Eat, its like pulling teeth to get an order in. Other than that, the food was very good, especially the beef tataki, which is very hard to find. All in all, a good place. Price wasn't bad either. Would go again
4	Got word that my sushi sensei was headed here for an early dinner, AYCE style of course, so I joined up because it's pretty darn close to my place. Couldn't figure out where it was in the shopping plaza until I circled around and realized it was pretty close to the street corner, sharing a building w/ Starbucks. Phew, not entirely lost.Went insided and joined my buddies at the bar (quick tip: conversation gets tough when there's over 3 people). The server asked me if I wanted appetizers, which confused me since I thought we were ordering directly from the sushi chefs, but I went with it. I got the aurora shrimp, which is 2 pieces of breaded and fried shrimp with a mayo-based sauce, and it was more than good enough for more orders later. The baked mussel was really good, with just the right balance of creamy sauce on it. Dynamite was yummy too, and it was also a pretty small portion that fit with their "order little by little" philosophy.I piggybacked on the nigiri that our party had already ordered. It was pretty good, but it wasn't as top notch as other places. Garlic tuna and yellowtail were decent, salmon was okay, and apparently they don't actually have super white tuna on the menu, which I was a bit disappointed in. I forgot to try the sweet shrimp, but this place has it on the menu, as well as sea urchin for all of you uni enthusiasts.The rest of the meal was pretty much roll territory, and it was delicious. I'm not a fan of spicy food, but if you like the hot stuff, then take note that they apparently have a few of those kinds of rolls here, ranging from level 1 to level 5 of spiciness. As for our party, we sampled a huge selection of rolls including Kill Samurai, Cowgirl (beef tenderloin on top), Rum Jungle, Salmon Loves Lemon (not that exciting after I picked off the lemon), Yellow Mango wiz Shrimp (with an interesting sweet and sour mango sauce), and pretty much all of the baked rolls (Volcano, Japanese Lasagna, and the salmon-wrapped Alaskan Summer)... oh, and one more delight called the Chris Roll. I think it may have ended up being my favorite because it's basically shrimp tempura and eel, which are two of my favorite things. And it had my name on it, which I'm sure totally didn't bias me at all.I'm sad that the mochi is limited to one order, which is one piece cut in half, but the mango mochi that I ordered was so good and came out pretty soft (and still cold) to start. You can probably order all the green tea or red bean ice cream you want though, and I would've done that if I wasn't buried at the end by baked rolls. Oh yeah, service is nice too. Chefs seemed pretty quick about the non-baked orders, and the servers were almost persistent in removing empty plates and asking if we wanted our water refilled. Overall, definitely a place to try if you wind up on this side of town.
5	Some of the best sushi in town! The fish to rice ratio is perfect. The staff is friendly and you are always greeted upon arrival!
4	Solid sushi selection and a variety of creative rolls. It is the focal point of this establishment and got me to venture away from my normal nigiri fixation. In fact, my normal means of choice is lackluster at Sushi Twister. They offer many of the quintessential fishes, but nothing particularly unique.On the other had, the rolls were not predominantly tempura shrimp based, so my two friends and I went crazy on them. The spice levels next to some rolls made for an exciting adventure, but sometimes falls short of what was promised. I did not find any of the level fives to be unbearable or even tongue tingly. Instead they had a controlled heat that went well with the other components. The Crunchy, Angry Ninja, Kill Samurai were all good. We were even surprised by how much we liked the Cowgirl. Normally we would not order a beef roll, but the meat was tender and cooked medium.The appetizers comprised of many standard options and a few specials. The oysters are a must get if they are offered. One order per person is the limit, but the two large bivalves should not be passed up. The Monkey Ball is also becoming more common. The spicy tuna stuffed mushroom comes as a single ball, order more if there are multiple people.
4	After many of our friends recommended it we finally decided to give the place a chance. I should say straight off, I don't like sushi, as such I stuck to the bigger dinner meal. The price point is low, most full meals under $10. I had the steak which was not bad, certainly good for the price, my wife had the teriyaki chicken, which for $8.95 is amazing value.So the food is good, the price is more than right, so why only 4 stars. Simply the service wasn't good. For example, order a diet coke to drink, waitress bring iced tea, no big deal, but to have to remind her twice isn't good.And the biggee, a pet hate of mine, unlisted food items in a meal, not a big deal to most people, but to those with alergies it can be very dangerous, as such I asked what came on my dish, steak, rice, soup and salad (told you its good value) of course the part that wasn't mentioned just happens to be the dangerous food for me, onions, luckly they were in plain sight, so no issues, again an issue mainly for me, but still something that even McDonald's can get right.
5	The best and freshest sushi restaurant in Las Vegas!My family have been loyal customers for many years and have never had a bad experience here.The owner and chefs know us when we walk in.  In fact, I suspect they know us too well and when they see our car pull up, someone hits a switch that says "RED ALERT!" because as soon as we sit down, out food is already coming out since we order the same nigiri every time.Their red snapper is my fav.  My husband loves their seared albacore.  They make us special order rolls.They also have a frequent AYCE diner card so you get a free meal when you fill up the card.  Sign up for their birthday club and they mail you a discount postcard during your birthday month.
5	If you're looking for a good quality sushi place, then Sushi Twister is the place for you! They have delicious and savory sushi there. Here is a list of sushi that I recommend to everyone who is reading this:- Double Dragon (cooked eel sushi with cream cheese and eel sauce)- Magic Mountain (deep fried sushi with tempura, salmon, and cream cheese)- Caterpillar Roll  (eel with avocado and eel sauce)The shrimp tempura is like heaven in your mouth! It's crispy, crunchy, and savory. When you first bite into the shrimp tempura, you'll be all like "Wow! This is the best shrimp tempura ever!" Me and my daughter go here about a few times a month. It's not that expensive. So if you're planning to go to a sushi place... GO HERE! If you don't you'll certainly regret it! ;D
5	This is my go to sushi spot!  I love everything that I have tried there.  I always get the Volcano roll just because it is my favorite but I also like trying a new roll everytime too.   Here are some of my faves....Magic MountainRainbowCowgirland of course the namesake Sushi TwisterStop by and enjoy some awesome fresh sushi!!
4	New to the area, we sought out a sushi place on Yelp and we were very satisfied!  This place is small, like... 10 tables and a very long bar area.  Groovy music entertained us that we both enjoyed; they have a large projection TV going on one of the walls.  The tables are 2 top and 4 top, every other one.  Be prepared for shoulder to shoulder seating and the possibility of introductions!  They tried to place us at a 2 top table, but we insisted on the extra room for the 4.  Paul said it was the best sushi he's ever had!  Me not being a sushi fan, I found other delights and was very satisfied!  I loved the cooked salmon dinner and shrimp tempura!  In fact, I ordered two servings of the shrimp tempura!  Amazing...  Enjoy this great find!  We did!  I'm giving it 4 stars due to the lack of room.  Expand - give us some privacy while we eat your delicious food!
5	Sushi twister is one of my favorite sushi places! My boyfriend and I venture here at least 2x a month for the AYCE. It's quite a drive from where we live but completely worth it! Fish is always fresh, service is always really fast and they have such a great variety of rolls! Ecstasy roll and ninja roll are a must!  Baked green muscles are amazing as well!!
5	I loved this place!
5	I love this place and go here often.  The staff is pleasant and the price for all you can eat sushi is totally reasonable.  Do yourself a favor and try it!
4	I wanted to eat Ramen today, but the Ramen world is just so complicated.  I can't go to Monta anymore because the tall Japanese girl who works there figured out who I am and she has been treating me real bad since I posted that bad review about the place. I can't go to Shuseki anymore because it turns out the psycho old man from Ichiza eats there every night, and he is still pissed off at me because a few months ago  I made a very unflattering impersonation of him. I don't want to go to Anime Ramen anymore because ever since Ryosuke went back to Japan, the service and food has been bad. I hope he comes back soon. So, I was just about to go to Yagyu for Ramen when I remembered that SUSHI TWISTER is owned by the same dude who owns RAMEN SORA. So in my head I was like: "Maybe Sushi Twister will have Miso Ramen since they are owned by the Sora people!". The very thought of me eating AYCE Sushi and Sapporo Style Ramen at the same time overstimulated my brain. I was very disappointed when I arrived at TWISTER to see no Ramen on the menu. But, after ordering two pieces of Nigiri and having a great conversation with the Japanese sushi chefs, my disappointment left instantly. This place actually has AYCE TORO! I have NEVER seen that before. But according to one of the workers, the AYCE TORO is like a random promotion. Some days when you show up they will have it, but most days they won't have it. So coming here for the AYCE TORO special is like gambling. The Tuna nigiri has the highest quality Tuna I have seen in years. It wasn't even Toro but it had that fatty marbling. The fish was so shinny that the light reflected off it like a shard of glass. The Tuna literally just instantly melts inside your mouth. The Eel Sauce with my Unagi was very strong. I don't know how they get the sauce to have that certain kind of deepness. I love places that make their own tempura sauce. Places that use that generic bottled stuff suck. SUSHI TWISTER has possibly the best Tempura sauce I have ever had. They got the best Sushi Rice on the face of the earth. It's seasoned perfectly! Many people don't have the sophistication to notice small details like that, but because I am so awesome I can.My personal favorite "Ichiro Mashita" roll is the Dead Dragon. You should try it! I also want to point out that this is the only AYCE Sushi place I have ever been to that puts wasabi in the nigri. Other AYCE Sushi places don't do this because they market their restaurant towards "westerners". I am actually really happy that I came here today. I had a very entertaining conversation with the a chef named Hiro. And all the workers were really great to me. When it comes to AYCE Sushi, Goyemon can't touch this place. Also, I rather come to small independent places like SUSHI TWISTER or SUSHI ON RAINBOW any day over one of Martin Kollefs multi-million dollar bankrolled hipster/douchebag sushi orgy places.UPDATE OCT- I've lowered the rating from 5 stars to 4 because one of the sushi chefs accused me of being "HOOTO". When I told him that I didn't know what that was, he began to describe the person. Eventually I figured out that he meant Hootie B.... I was like: Are you f*cking joking? Do I look like a middle aged man with a Korean wife? Apparently, he thought I was "Hooto" because I told him about how most people on Yelp want to kill me. Don't get me wrong. I am a big fan of Hooto reviews and his Sysco comments always have me rolling on the floor laughing, but how the hell do you confuse me as him?
5	My boyfriend and I really like sushi, and he is sort of a sushi guru, so we're rather picky.  I was hesitant when he dragged me out after 10 one night about a week ago to a late night sushi in a less-than-picturesque area of town.  I was extremely pleasantly surprised when we ordered our first bits from this sushi buffet.  Yummy food, very fresh seafood.  Friendly staff.  We've already been there a second time! Btw, he suggests the Angry Ninja :)
5	I'm loving the all you can eat sushi! Dead dragon is so good. And Philadelphia roll is also delicious.
5	When I originally moved to Las Vegas, I HATED sushi. The texture of it, the taste, just wasn't my thing. A few times my friends brought me to Sushi Factory East (which is now closed, perfect timing since I just got a full stamp card...) a few times. One day I wanted sushi of my own for lunch and Twister was right down the road. I went in, ordered a Japanese Lasagna to go, and walked home.I have NEVER been blown away by food like this. The roll was simply the most delicious thing I have ever consumed and is now my usual favorite here. (I always get at LEAST half of a roll!)The quality here is unparalleled. The service is quick and amazing. The ONLY thing I don't like about this place is how everyone there hawks you down when someone at your table doesn't have AYCE. Not everyone is a thief, and looking at customers constantly so they don't share is completely unnecessary. Have some faith in people. Especially people who are in there bi-weekly spending $40 on sushi.If you have a group of 6+ you might have to wait since the establishment is quite small inside and they don't do reservations. Keep that in mind!Free Wi-Fi if you connect to "attwifi" from Starbucks next door during business hours!
4	Yummy! After our movie Ms. Jaime W and I decided to check this place out, and it did not disappoint. She opted for the sashimi platter and chicken teriyaki skewers (which are dark meat chicken for those that are health conscious) and I opted for their all you can eat menu. I sampled the dynamite (baked scallop) appetizer which was just okay. It wasn't bad, but it was not mind blowing or particularly great. I tried their ecstasy roll which was not too heavy and was very delicious. The rest of my samplings were off their "spicy" menu and it was most definitely Americanized version of spicy as even the level 4  of 5 was not spicy. I tried 911 which was good, but Mexican and Screaming for vengeance were very heavy and not very spicy. I wouldn't rush to recommend those two rolls. All in all the service was good, fish was fresh, there was a large assortment of very unique "Americanized" sushi rolls as well as fresh nigiri and sashimi. I will definitely be back to try more of their other rolls.
4	A Sushi joint next door to a Starbucks? A Seattle transplant's dream!Tried the Angry Ninja (5 stars spicy!) right out of the gate. Good start. Fast, yummy, fresh. Overall, very impressed. We will be back to try every other roll on the menu!This place doesn't quite have the charm as some others I've been to (sitting at the bar, you are staring straight into the kitchen), but the service is fabulous, and the chefs are artists. We got personal service and were on a first-name basis with one of the chefs by the third round. He was even kind enough to keep making me 1/2 sized rolls so I could try more variety.
4	This place is a good local place to eat. Prices are amazing. Lunch specials are great. Sushi is fresh and quick. I enjoy this place. Now service sometimes can be a little rough but most of the time great. I'd recommend this place as a casual night out for sushi
4	We got plans tonight, UH playing football and we are wanting some good food to enjoy while we watch the game.  So what better than some sushi!   We called ahead and ordered a tray of sushi.  When we arrived, the hostess notified the guys that we were there for the pick up and it took about ten minutes to complete.  Once home, we looked it over and found they provided three big wallops of wasabi and pickled ginger.  And we loved the spicy tuna, the caterpillar roil and the dragon.  It was a great mix, the ahi was pink and fresh.  Definitely a good choice.
5	This place has awesome quality sushi, appetizers, entres you name it.. It is our favorite sushi spot. The sushi chefs/ servers are so awesome and friendly. They always greet you upon entering the door. I love the nigiri and there rolls. Nigiris have a quality taste of freshness and their rolls are unique and tasty. I would highly recommend you having an AYCE experience at this place.
4	The all you can eat choice is great if you can pack food into your stomach. It's not buffet style (pre-made and slowly rotting as the unwashed masses touch the food and put it back when they change their minds), and instead you order from the waitress. It's great that this isn't a buffet and there's no time limit to ordering, but the bad side is that you can't just get food when you want it. This encourages people to order *a lot* at once and invariably the you end up with more food than your stomach can handle.The rolls themselves are quite tasty, each one a mix of the basic fish (tuna, salmon, yellowtail) with other maki standards such as crab, avocado, tempura, sweet and/or spicy sauces, etc. You'll definitely find a few that you'll like given that there seem to be about 20 rolls on the menu. On top of rolls and sushi, the AYCE allows you to order anything else they serve as well, so you could really gorge yourself on dumplings and salad if that was your fancy. I believe the only thing with a limit are the mochi ice creams of which you're only allowed one.  No big deal since by the time dessert rolled around, I was so stuffed that I involuntarily gave our nice waitress the stinkeye when she asked me if I wanted mochi as well.Sushi Twister is fun with some interesting decor choices (why are there two carpet dryers on a display area near the ceiling???). The wait staff is super nice and friendly if a bit overworked when I went for a saturday lunch; there was only one girl working the whole restaurant.  I really do like this place and have come back quite a few times when visiting Vegas.Just remember that as with any type of AYCE, be ready for eater's remorse.
5	This is my favorite sushi place in Vegas! The food is priced well and they serve half rolls. Definitely try the Japanese Lasagna. I recommend this place to everyone.
5	My friend introduced me to this place, and honestly it's worth the long drive from Mountain's Edge when I know that I will be eating fresh quality fish. We did the AYCE, and it's totally worth the price! We added up how much we ate one night, and it was over $120, but with AYCE, it was only $60! That's half price people!The halloween roll was super yummy. Spicy without being crazy mouth on fire spicy. The fresh salmon is buttery and soft. The seared tuna nigiri is also one of our favorites. The dynamite appetizer of baked scallops, onions and mushrooms is TO DIE FOR. Also the screaming orgasm of fresh raw fish chunks. Yum. My mouth is starting to water just thinking about the fish here. Honestly I have been to SO MANY AYCE sushi places, including the famous Sushi Mon in Silverado Ranch. This place is better. If it was closer to my house, I would be here at least once a week.
3	Hmm. I am so biased because we love Xtreme sushi.Don't get me wrong, the place is cool, the food is good, and the service is excellent. But I do feel like the rolls should be rolled tighter, the serving should be more(quantity wise) and the plating should be prettier. IMO.But do check it out. The atmosphere is chill, servers are very nice and efficient and it's a good deal for an AYCE.
4	Pros: 1. The staff are friendly and attentive.2. The portions are just right considering the cost of each item.  3. The atmosphere is upbeat, and the restaurant is clean.Cons:1. The chicken & beef teriyaki options are absolutely drowning in teriyaki sauce.  It would be better (and cheaper for the business) if the chef would hold back on the sauce a bit and allow the patron to ask for more sauce if necessary.2. The all-you-can-eat (AYCE) option is priced a little high (Lunch ~$23, Dinner ~$27), especially when you consider that the Bellagio buffet is only a couple dollars more.  The lunch price should probably be closer to $17-$19, and the dinner option somewhere around $23-$25 (at most).  Summary:The AYCE menu has additional rules you need to know, such as a time limit and "excess food" charges.  Since these rules can change, I won't waste time writing them all here, but before you order, be aware of these rules.  Also, you may need to adjust your ordering strategy if necessary, such as ordering a lot of food right away because there's a time limit, and since your items are freshly prepared, you don't want to waste time waiting for your food to arrive.  This place isn't cheap, but the quality and taste almost match the price.  I'm not convinced that this place is special enough to warrant a far commute, but if you're in the immediate area, I recommend a visit.
5	My favorite sushi place in Las Vegas. The garlic tuna nigiri is so delicious. AYCE is a bit pricy, but totally worth it. I have no idea where they get their fish, but the quality is amazing. Someone wrote that they prefer Xtreme Sushi, and made some comment about the plating here. I urge that yelper to go have a meal at Xtreme and enjoy the wasabi-less and ginger-less plates of sushi made with super warm over cooked rice (which isn't even short grain sushi rice), oh and the unidentifiable fish.
3	Not quite the freshness I was hoping for.I really wanted to like this place because it's near my house and the sushi place I usually go to is VERY far away. I walked in hoping that Sushi Twister can be my new sushi home.The plate that I was given had a piece of rice and smears all over. I didn't want to make a big deal out of it but it wasn't a great first impression. The sushi comes out relatively fast, and you can immediately tell why this is a four star venue because they are honest with the rice. In a roll or nigiri there is little rice and plenty of fish.However, a select few of the fish was not fresh. The hamachi was a troubling, dullish hue. I was so disappointed in the hamachi because it's one of my favorites. The shrimp tasted like it had been sitting for a while. I didn't DARE order sea urchin. On a positive note, I think my favorite were the salmon eggs. It wasn't as salty as others I've tried in other venues and it was the most enjoyable, surprisingly!I would come back because the chef are clearly skilled. I love the rice-to-fish ratio and I know that sushi places can get unlucky with the fish quality sometimes.
3	We went here since Yama sushi was too busy. The food was good but service wasn't. Our party of 5 got the "big" table and it seemed it was an inconvenience to them because many people were waiting for that. Our wait between orders was long. Everything was a long wait even for a refill, a napkin or a glass of water. The our server even had the nerve to ask if we were actually gonna finish everything and didn't even wait for us to even finish ordering... she just left! I guess I understand that they were extremely busy but they shouldn't have made that our fault. We didn't ask for that table or to have our food take long to be served. I guess what matters is that the food was pretty good. I still prefer Yama for food and service!
5	I give this location 5 stars because the food, service and quality are always above average! I have been there several times because of the location and friendly service.  Very reasonable prices and an excellent lunch sushi special for under $10.  Can't beat it! I have told everyone I know and have a few friends who drive 30 min just to eat there. Small location, but perfect for what iss needed. You would never know this jewel by the location but once inside its all good!
5	Definitely one of the top sushi places in town! It is located in a plaza on Tropicana and Boulder Highway, it's pretty far east compared to everything else I go to (which is usually somewhere on the west side of town). Plain and simple, they have one of the top quality fish in town with very good cuts. I would have to say they are on par with sushi restaurants I go to in Japan. Nothing is precut beforehand, they cut as they go. The fish are cut to the right thickness, not thin by any means, and the rice is minimal. Do be careful if you do not like wasabi, you must tell them to NOT put it in the sushi as they prepare it with a bit. I eat the same thing over and over usually which is ikura, tamago, and masago. I do have the ama ebi, ebi, tako, and sometimes salmon. I have yet to be disappointed by anything here. The AYCE is the typical prices you see around town about $27 for dinner at $22 for lunch. Completely worth it, even if you don't like sushi, you can choose from a wide range of appetizers that are delicious! They do have rolls but I go for the nigiri sushi and some appetizers. The UNLV Japanese Student Association uses Sushi Twister when they host their sushi nights at UNLV to enrich students in the culture of Japan and such. It is a big hit and good advertisement for them.
5	This wasn't the first place I had sushi when I moved to Vegas but its now the only place I'll have it!! I started coming here a couple of years ago and now its tradition. I love the AYCE its totally worth every penny starting with the edamame and ending with the Mochi. Every time we come here we try a new roll and have all our favorites, I am a huge spicy fan and my boyfriend like the milder ones. My all time favorite is the Are You Ready? But he prefers the Tiger Yamazaki, they are always the first things we order and sometimes we end the meal with a second one each. I love the 911 and wish i could top all my rolls with that crunchy topping and eel sauce! now onto the service, We have a problem at most places we go because my boyfriend typically drinks 6-10 glasses of water with every meal and most servers are never on top of his refills but not here... They have someone that specifically is for refilling drinks and clearing plates so as soon as you pick up your last piece of sushi your plate is being picked up and our glasses never get under half full!! Sometimes the wait staff can be a little overwhelmed with tables but you never have to wait too long to order your next rolls!! It's a small restaurant but not as small as some sushi places I've been to in town, and defiantly worth the wait if you have to hang out for a few minutes before your table is ready. Plus you can't help to enter and leave with a smile since they greet everyone the second the door opens and say a farewell every time you exit!!
5	Ayce, amazing! Dead Dragon and Magic Mountain were awesome
4	AYCE is the way to go.  The selections are great too, not just sushi rolls, lots of interesting things to try.I like that they have half-rolls so you can try different ones without filling up on just one item.We go here every time we are in Vegas, it's worth getting off the strip to come here.
5	I must admit this would be the best sushi place I have been to (well maybe second best sushi place: number one would be I love sushi (in anthem). WIth that being said,  I have been here a couple of times in the past and that was when I was starting to enjoy sushi and learning the whole all-you-can-eat-sushi. Then after several of years of knowing what types of sushi i liked and didnt like.  Also, been to dozens and dozens of sushi joints. Sushi Twister is a place I would say is a MUST GO! My mom and I went here twice in one week and man their sushi and lunch/dinner specials is a great deal.  I ordered the Beef Lunch Special ($8.50) and it included a Kobe Style Filet mignon beef steak, & 4 pieces of California rolls. (Amazing!!!) I think the dinner special is about $12 which includes 8 pieces of California rolls, 2shrimps, & vegetable tempura.  Both the Dinner & lunch special is great.The Kobe style beef steak is very tender,juicy, and very flavorful.  One of the best I have ever tasted.  The price for their lunch/dinner special is worth it.  Other things w ordered are:Japanese lasagnaSpider RollsIka (Squid)& Philadelphia with TwistAll I recommend trying, Im not a big raw sushi & i am more into the rolls. The service is good and once you enter and leave they greet you in Japanese. The place can get pretty busy since it is a small sushi joint, but overall it is a wonderful place to enjoy some sushi!
5	my favorite sushi place. nigiris are good and eveything is so delicious. the one thing i dont like is mussel. but alsakan summer is the best. i am coming here only for alaskan summer !!!!
5	Ok, over the course of the last few months my love affair with Sushi Twister has intensified. Like any relationship, we have had our ups and down, but managed to beat the odds and continue our romance. The food is consistently delicious and the fish is fresh. Their rice to fish ratio still bothers me a bit, but I'll let it slide. There are times when the services is spotty (an older female server will leave you hanging for quite some time), but there are times when the service is pretty flawless. This weekend we had a young gentleman as our server as he was on top of his game. Their selection of nigiri is great and choices of baked and regular rolls vast. My favorites are Friday the 13th, Cowgirl, Oh My God, Ecstasy, and Rum Jungle. I also really enjoyed their baked mussels. I am two stamps away from a free AYCE meal...oooooh yeah!
5	4 of us were on a mission for AYCE sushi and a friend recommended we go to Sushi Twister.  Started-off ordering all the nigiri sushi we could think of, since we didn't want to get too full on ordering the rolls (too much rice).  The quality of the fish was good and the service from our sushi chef Takashi was excellent.  Once we felt we got our money's worth, we started ordering the rolls.  Needless to say by the time we left, you could have rolled us out.  Some of my favorites were the white tuna, garlic tuna, unagi, sake and hamachi.  The Cowgirl, Monkey Balls, Screaming For Vengeance and Twisted Scallop were some awesome rolls.  To be honest, everything we ordered was fresh and delicious.  A must try if you're near Boulder Highway and Tropicana.
3	I was craving Sushi so my sweetheart said lets go have sushi so we decided to go to Sushi Twister since he has been before. We usually go to Oyshi Sushi on our side of town which never disappoints with the good quality and service.We decided on the AYCE so we could get our fill of sushi in to satisfy our cravings.My man had been craving a roll they have that is wrapped in a jalapeno wrapper and deep fried that he always talks about being so good. Well he orders it which is now listed on the appetizer section of the menu and it was not anything like he remembered. The way he described it and the way it tasted was nothing like he had described or had before. The size was tiny not a full sized roll as before, so that was a let down and it was so small I could not even sample it.Here are some of the rolls that we ordered, boulder crunchy rollspider rollscreaming for vengeance rollecstasy rollshrimp tempura rollPhiladelphia rolldead dragon rollangry ninja rollFor some reason the cucumber in my rolls caused a burned taste as if it was char broiled or blackened so I asked them to omit any cucumber from my future rolls.The rolls were OK, nothing that gives me the oral mouth orgasm that Oyshi gives me on every visit. The flavor was just not there as I was expecting or had hoped for.This was across town, quite a drive to try a sushi joint that I had never been to however we are spontaneous like that. My sweetheart said the Sushi was good in last visits however it seems they have changed and the rolls that he liked are just not what they once were.OK so we gave it a shot and it disappointed unfortunately, and I am surprised because the reviews and star rating on Yelp are pretty good so?I do have to say the service was very good, we sat at the bar and they had our rolls whipped up in a jiffy and they kept up on our drink refills!
5	Over-all this is the best sushi spot in vegas by all means!! My hubby and I will never change we love this place! Reason for it is that the quality and flavor is over the top. If you like sausy sushi like we do  then this is the place!! They have many different kindas and the japanese sauce is amazing!! This place I recommend to everyone to at least try it's worth the price!!
4	Probably the best All you can eat  sushi in the east side
5	Bomb sushi!! Must go!!!
3	This review is mainly about their customer service. Dined here with some friends on a Friday night. Unfortunately for us they close at 11, so coming late in the evening we were left with an hour or so to eat. When we were seated our waitress seemed a little annoyed, which was just really upsetting. She stressed that the kitchen would be closing in 45 minutes and that she would just rather have us acye-ers place all of our orders at once. We did just that. She made frequent visits to the table and occasionally threw in comments such as, "Anything else? We all want to go home, you know."  No one at my table seemed to take offense, but I, however, found it very disrespectful. The restaurant was not yet closing so for her to just hate her life and take it out on poor, innocent customers was just rude.  It's unfortunate because the food was pretty good. I just can't get over the fact that our server had such a foul attitude the whole evening. It's like: Relax and smile a little. Everything's going to be OK. They have set such low standards for customer service that I can't bring myself to rate them more than three stars. Regardless of how good their food was. Meh. Sorry, not sorry.
4	I thought I was addicted to Sushi MonI cheated and went here because it is closer to my apartment.Addict.So good. That is all.
5	One of the best sushi places I've ever been too. There all you can it is pretty reasonable at only $25 dollars for dinner service. I highly recommend there Tiger Yamisaki roll. Its my favorite.
5	AYCE is well worth it. Fish has always been fresh. We dabble around the menu, but always make sure to get the spider and dragon rolls and finish the meal with the are you ready.
5	Down right the best of the AYCE Sushi places in town! This isn't my first time coming here and it certainly won't be the last. First time was for my birthday and this review will be for yesterday. We entered the restaurant just before a rush, so we got in right away and were seating. The Sushi chefs and waiters/waitress' were all very quick to respond to what we needed and were very friendly. Rolls are very good here, though a lot of them contain fillers (Almost all had cucumber), highly recommend the Matsuri and Tiger Yamazaki rolls. I also had their Angry Ninja roll which was suppose to be one of the hottest rolls they had, sadly it wasn't hot enough for this man to burn, but hey the taste of the habanero sauce was hot, sweet, and just all around good for people who aren't more accustomed to hot foods like myself.But for me with any Sushi place I go to, its all about the Nigiri. To me, if a place cannot do nigiri right then I don't have high hopes for anything else in the place. I had just about every type they had and all of them were very fresh, they actually season the rice unlike most places as well. Worth a drive and the price.
1	Service needs some improvement.Sushi was terrible ! Lacked freshness and most of all flavor...they tasted the same or it was blasted with spice so you could not savor ask the different flavors. I eat sushi regularly....know good and promise me..save you're monies and go elsewhere. if you're an experienced sushi eater you will be disappointed
5	I tend to write novel-reviews that could probably be turned into plays. But I can't say enough good things about this place. This place deserves more than just a 5-pack of stars. They really deserve buckets and troughs of the things. Big, shiny, red, buckets of obese stars. Get you, your mouth, and your tummy over here immediately. You really cannot wait any longer. If you find yourself in Vegas doing the strip-thing, you need to make the ~10 minute drive to Sushi Twister.  Three initial must-dos: AYCE, sit at the bar, and come hungry. One initial tip: Order carefully, they will charge you for any leftovers you cannot finish. (Great policy in my opinion). The man-piece and I came here for lunch before our long road-trip back home to San Francisco. It was probably the best decision of our lives. For around $22, we sat at the bar and enjoyed gorgeously delicious waves of fresh, expertly prepared sushi, and other wonderfully unique dishes. We mainly stuck to the nigiri menu. I'm not saying this is what you should do, but these little guys aren't your typical nigiri (and I live in San Francisco, a veritable sushi-snob space station). They really surpassed anything I have experienced. Expect fresh fish (weird, being in the middle of the desert), and really amazing flavors. They are garnished with the perfect amount of wasabi, sometimes green onions, and various soy-ish sauces that give your wee nigiri bites extra-excellent flavor. We probably tried 80% of the nigiri menu, but some must-haves include: - Garlic tuna (FAVORITE)- Seared ahi (OTHER FAVORITE) - Halibut (OTHER FAVORITE)- Sake (FAVORITE)- Saba (OTHER FAVORITE)- Red snapper (OTHER FAVORITE)Before I continue to gush about the food, I must say that the service was spectacular. As soon as we walked in, we were taken aback by the 7-9 people enthusiastically declaring "IRASSHAIMASE!!!" I twitched a little at the loud enthusiasm, but we knew we were in for a treat. The servers always check up on you, the chefs are wonderfully receptive, seem to love their work, and also seem to have fortress-like memories considering the slew of orders being verbally submitted by the servers. Be comforted. Back to the food! The roll menu is impressive and involves unique combinations that I'm not used to. They have a great array of cooked rolls, of which we liked the Dead Dragon, Fire Cracker, . Use caution here -- I can see it being easy to fill up on these delicious rolls and be too full to enjoy other areas of the glorious menu. I'm not usually one for appetizers mainly because they fill me up before I get to the good stuff, but these appetizers are cautiously portioned so you can enjoy a variety of dishes and flavors but still have room in your precious tummy-space for more. Favorites: - Monkey Balls: spicy tuna and mushroom encased in a satisfying tempura shell. Nothing like their Chimp Nad cousins. (I suck.)- Hot Shrimp: shrimp, spicy tuna, and cream cheese magicked with tempura to make a seriously delicious snack. You must try.Needless to say, the man-piece and I were speechless after our meal here. It's both a gut-wrenching tragedy and a wallet-saving blessing that it's so far away from where we live. That said, I can't really complain much hailing from the sushi-space-station that is San Francisco. Sushi Twister should think about storming its way up to the Bay. You'd be welcomed with open arms and mouths. Thank you for a truly excellent and memorable meal!
4	I did a take out order and the staff was really friendly, sushi was great too. :)
4	Craving all you can eat sushi? Well... if you're in the area, throw this place under your radar! Sushi Twister has the fastest service I have experienced at a sushi restaurant.I went here on a Saturday night with a party of three, after golfing in Tuscany.  I wasn't sure if there was going to be anything around for miles... but sure enough we came across this little sushi joint on yelp, so we decided to try it. It's located in a pretty odd place... small building behind a 7-11 in the lot of an Albertsons... yeahhh weird. Building looked like it was cut out of a strip mall from chinatown... But anyways, back to the story... as we were driving there I called ahead to make a reservation, the hostess had informed me that they only accept reservations after 9pm, but since I was calling ahead 10 minutes she put us down. As we got there we were seated promptly, there were a few tables still open. All of us chose all you can eat which cost $26.95 a person, same rules as anywhere else except you can only be seated for one hour for all you can eat. At first I was slightly offended by the rule, but it didn't seem like they enforced it much and the service definitely made up for it. What I found especially great about this place was the speed of service and sushi quality. I think we waited a total of 15 minutes from being seated to having our first roll delivered to our table. This was awesome and the rest of the rolls were no exception! Not only that but the portion sizes were great too, some rolls only had 5 pcs so if you didn't like the taste it was bearable and if you wanted me, heck that's why it's all you can eat, at least you wouldn't be stuck stuffing rolls in napkins. What I didn't like... the plating and atmosphere. The plating was a little disappointing in comparison to the presentation and quality of the sushi. It really bothers me when sushi restaurants use plastic or lightweight plates/bowls... it definitely had an effect on my perception of the overall experience. Also the music totally felt out of place and took away from the average sushi bar look and, it sounded like they were blasting Mix 94.1... I remember hearing a song by My Chemical Romance at one point. Not really sure how that gets you in the mood for sushi... but luckily I was in a group and able to tune it out... Recommendations:Hands down the best roll for the night was the Angry Ninja, it had a bit of a kick to it but the warm crunchy goodness was delicious!The Mango Moji had a very realistic flavor to it and tasted delicious as well!Overall, my expectations were definitely exceeded... I wasn't expecting to have quality sushi from a small joint behind a 7-11... I was very satisfied with the speed of service 5/5, the sushi quality was also a 4/5, however the plating and atmosphere/vibe of the place was off 3/5 for each...If you want fast quality sushi then this place is for you!
4	We love Sushi Twister for all  you can eat. Their party platter is good too. Best Sushi spot on the East side.
3	I come here once a week with my Mother on either a Saturday or Sunday for lunch. We usually get the Twister's Lunch Special, which gets me and my mom full and for 8 or 9 dollars it's really quite good.The last couple of visits, we decided to have the AYCE sushi for lunch. for 23 or 24 dollars a person, it was A-OK. the menu they have here isn't so different from other Sushi places i've been to around Vegas excluding a small number of other special rolls. The quality is great and the taste is pretty good, but in my opinion not the best. Sometimes the rice is falling apart or not aligned correctly and evenly, that when i try to pick it up the rice slides out. Not too good but it doesn't really bother me too much.The Service is good. Sometimes i have a feeling the waiter that serves us is in a rush and wants to get our order quickly so he can get on with another task. The Waitresses on the other hand are nice and keep a nice patient attitude which i prefer.My mother and I will definitely go back as Sushi Twister is the closest Japanese Restaurant to us!
3	I like sushi twister, I really do. But do you have to be such Nazis about the AYCE rules? Your are already one of the more expensive AYCE in town, I've been here 1000 x's, yes I know No SHARING , Eat RICE, No leftovers & you are going to swoop around my table checking my progress if you think I have ordered too much. The fish is good quality, I give you that...but when nearly every roll is fully fried or involves SOMETHING fried, it isn't really fresh anymore anyway right? I like how the menu is set up with *baked rolls*fried rolls (even tho, again almost everything has shrimp tempura or crumb)BUT when ordering AYCE thu almost always immediately take away your menu & give you the paper one which does not show even HALF of the appetizers &Even some rolls available w AYCE! If you are on this side of town, go for it....but there are friendly, TASTIER AYCE places closer to town!
3	My overall experience was Okay. Nothing impressive or memorable. I tried some nigiri and two rolls with Soft shell crab. It was alright. The service was good and our server was polite and attentive. For me, the nigiri was too big though, big rice with thick fish on top. I couldn't eat it in one bite.
3	The AYCE menu is full items you can only order once and most of the rolls are smothered in a sauce they call Japanese salsa.  It has ok flavor but in most cases it masks the taste of the fish.  The staff is amazing and very attentive!  It was a good experience but not my overall favorite in town.
5	Amazing selection and creativity with their sushi- always great service and very affordable. The freshest fish will incredible taste!
5	We came here on a Saturday night, around 9ish, and ordered 2 AYCE for $68ish (dinner buffet is 28)- Next to starbucks. Near Eastside Cannery Casino.- Easy parking. Great timing. No wait. Seated right away. - Sit at bar for faster sushi service. - For appetizers, order from waitress. - Friendly waitress. She actually told us she doesn't mind if you don't eat all your rice. Just try your best. haha! - Amazing sushi chef! We had the legit old Japanese guy. - My method of attack:1. Get all the items with a happy face on it. That means that they are expensive and limit one per person.2. Get the items with the moon icon for dinner only. 3. Look for the most expensive rolls. 4. Save room for the mochi. - My recommendations unique to Twister 1. Island tuna poki: good side with sushi2. Screaming orgasm: great appetizer3. Salmon loves lemon: for salmon sashimi lovers4. Spider-Man: for soft shell crab lovers5. Rum jungle: Great japanese salsa taste- Only AYCE that I've been to where you can get 1/2 a roll! Great for selection. - Compared to Goyemon, you can't get grilled fishes here. - Come for the unique sushi selection.
5	WOW this is the only place I can get the Salmon Loves Lemon Sushi Roll. It's my favorite Roll!
5	This is the best AYCE sushi in Vegas. You have quite a bit to choose from outside of the strip for AYCE sushi. Some are good, some okay, some are barely edible. Do yourself a favor and try this when you're in the mood for spoiling yourself. Make sure you flip the menu over to see all the premium rolls. I actually only had their simple rolls, sashimi, and appetizers the first time I did AYCE here because I didn't bother to flip the menu over! lolAs a side note - the miso is great and actually somewhat unique. Service is always great and friendly, it's the type where you have your primary server but every server and busser that passes by your table is always happy to help when asked. They actually look at you passing by, they're not the type to avoid all eye contact with you in an effort to avoid helping their fellow teammate. Sushi chefs are just as nice and helpful.
3	I am a regular at this place. My favorite is the dead dragon and the Japanese lasagna. The 'all you can eat' is worth it if you want to fill your belly & it's only $24. I would have given them a 4 star rating if it wasn't for a very ridiculous rule that you have to follow if you are dinning in. As I mentioned before I am a regular at this place for about 3 years now. I have a 5 year old little boy that does not eat  sushi so I took in a little snack for him in to the restaurant (grapes & cheese cubes and a chocolate milk carton) so he can enjoy it while my husband and I had our Sushi. About 15 minutes after we ordered the waitress informed us that we could not bring outside food or drinks in to the restaurant. I explained that our son does not eat anything on their menu but she insisted that it was a their restaurant rule. How INCONSIDERATE of their customers children!!! My husband had to take my son's snack to the car. We wanted to just get up & go but another waitress was already bringing our order to the table, we were hungry and we did not want to be rude and make a scene. I  was very disappointed of this place. They should have mentioned their stupid rule when we walked in the door or when the waitress took our drink order. But they waited until we ordered our food. We would visit often and I introduced many of my work buddies to this place. Since this incident I have only been back to this place about 3 times in the last 2 years & only because its the closest to my home. Before the incident we would eat here at least twice a month. But thanks to that I found another sushi place that is my new favorite and their staff is amazingly courteous and understanding, Kabuki in Town Square. A must try!!
5	Been here twice now and love it!
4	I am fortunate to have this place near my house. I ordered three rolls for myself to go along with a Chicken Teriyaki bowl (ToGo special). San Francisco Fire was very tasty and costs less than a store bought California Roll. With the cut rolls at these great prices, I cannot see myself picking up any grocery store rolls any time soon. Even a simple roll like Spicy Crab had great irresistible flavor. Great food, lots of choices. I could eat there every day.
2	We are regulars here. The San Francisco fire is amazing! All the rolls are amazing. The downside is their policies are rigid and tend to make the experience not so great. It's next to a sbux and you CANNOT bring in coffee, but they also don't offer coffee. Their iced tea is low quality and not good. The apple saki is amazing though! They are sticklers for the late night special. Everyone MUST buy a drink, even if 3 out of 4 are drinking alcohol, they will penny pinch you (we are talking the difference of a dollar!). We in fact love this place but management definitely needs to change their policies.
5	AYCE amazing. It's a small spot. Lots to choose from and all are yummy. Ordering half rolls is okay..some items you can't, but no worries they are so good you would have wanted more anyways. And if your dining partner is eating AYCE too..you can share. Time limit is 45 minutes for lunch I believe and 1 hour for dinner. What are you waiting for ...go now!!!
4	I was a bit nervous to come here because the first reviews I looked at were more than a few months ago and I did not see a steady stream of timely reviews. However after reading Mike B's review, where he gave it a five star, I thought I should try this place out. Not bad for a non traditional or non authentic sushi restaurant.a.  Location - 3 star - Near my office, located on Boulder and Trop across from Sam's Town.  I like it because there are not too many great places on this portion of town to go.  However, I cannot give this place higher as this place location is not run down, however, it does not feel totally safe. b.  Service - 4 star I rate the service first as this is what you first encounter.  When the service does not seem to be Japanese I actually get a bit confused and wonder what I am in for.  However, I will gtive the service 4 star as I am reviewing this restaurant and an AYCE style place and let's face it, if it has those complex rolls, it is a non-traditional sushi restaurant.c.  Food - 4 star.  My rating scale for any sushi restaurant is based on traditional foods and then I order all that big mac rolls that these places serve. Yep, I like those goofy rolls.- Amaiebi - Sweet Shrimp Nigiri Style sushi . Not bad, came out quickly and nice proportion of ebi and rice.  However, I have to seriously question this as they do NOT serve this dish traditionally where they cut off the shrimp heads and then deep fry the heads and serve them after. This means that where they are buying their shrimp is where the heads are not attached? Or perhaps not live?  Let's face it, if you are service LIVE shrimp it will have the heads on them.  It is a way traditionalists know how fresh the seafood is.  In this case, no head, not fresh.  THREE STAR!.- Maguro- Again, my standard is ordering fatty tuna nigiri style with a thin slice of lemon and jalapeno.  This is a great dish if the slices of lemon and jalapeno are thinly sliced and in this case, it was absolutely not only thinly sliced, it was the jalapeno was artistically done.  FIVE STAR. - Uni - The Sea Urchin was absolutely great, nice texture and flavorful.  FIVE STAR.- All the other westernized rolls - I ate a lot of these and enjoyed them for what they were.  Nothing really stood out for me, mainly due to the amount of flavors.  They have many that are "level 4,5" in spice index and I had these and they were not too spicy.  So I would recommend it. THREE STAR.As the sister restaurant to Ramen Sora in Chinatown, i would say it is cool that they have a sushi place on the far east side of town. There must be great demand for it.   They have a 60 minute limit on AYCE, and mainly due to fact that they have limited seating and it does get busy.  Overall, nice place, I can absolutely recommend this place and it is somewhere I will come back to for sure.
5	Okay usually trying a new place and scoring it 5 stars hardly ever happens to me .but last night I came in with my sister and her kids the food was so satisfying from the moment we walked in to the very end our experience was perfect so perfect I'm here again today for lunch . Wow I'm so happy I came back again I'm having a great meal. The sushi is great and so is the customer service they are all very attentive like filling up your cup.... Thanks for the awesome service and Food!
5	My husband I have tried a lot of AYCE sushi places in Vegas and this is our all time favorite. They have a huge menu. My hubby likes the raw and spicy stuff and I am all about the cooked and non-spicy. It was hard to find a place with a large selection of both. But Sushi twister has it all. And the non-raw sushi is not just different versions of the California roll like a lot of sushi bars have. Lots of appetizers too. My favs are scallop twister without hot sauce, spiderman and the OMG and my husband swears by the sushi twister, rum jungle and rainbow roll.
4	A solid sushi spot with lightening fast service. Our meal was pretty good, but there were some misses. Pros: 1. Super fast service and friendly servers.2. Thick cuts for the Nigiri.3. Rolls are super tasty and right amount of sauce.Cons:1. Way too fast service for certain items. We ordered two orders of Hot shrimps and Jalapeno poppers and they came out way too fast. I like my fried food Hot and Crispy, and ones we got were lukewarm and Not Crispy!! 2. Uni and Amaebi were not as fresh as I would like to be, but they were not spoiled or anything like that. 3. Poki contained four pieces of tuna and 95% seaweed salad. I think I would have ordered seaweed salad, if I wanted to eat that much of seaweed. Haha!I think place is pretty amazing with many loyal customers and I would recommend it to fellow yelpers.
4	The food was pretty good and the service was fantastic and fast.   It was a good value for the money.
5	This is easily one of the top places to get sushi in Las Vegas !  Best AYCE sushi places I've been so far. Love this place! Very friendly staff, personal attention to detail and great sushi!We do the AYCE and get stuffed with some delicious food.
4	Very good! Small restaurant, but the quality is great. Lots of variety and friendly staff. Decent wait this time, but service was instant once we were seated. Will be back!
3	Everything was awesome except the food. It wasn't bad, it was just "eh".
4	We waited for 20 minutes on Saturday night and sat down at the counter. Sushi Chef in front of us was very friendly and gave us very quickly what we ordered such as Salmon handroll,etc.We also ordered from menu which come from the kitchen. Overall, you can feel the Traditional Izakaya ambience even though the building is new. Even after their closing of 11pm, I did not feel hustled to leave and we were very comfortable. We hope they are open till a little bit more late so that we can stop by after the Eastside Cannery concerts which usually finish around 10:30pm.
5	My favorite sushi place when I come in to town! Clean, & always busy. Sushi is always so fresh!
5	So far our favorite spot for sushi.  We've tried so many different places yet we find ourselves only wanting to come back to this one.It's $26.95 for dinner and I believe $22.95 for lunch.  It's a little bit of a drive if you don't live on the East side of town but hot d*mn it's worth it!  The cool thing is that if you're into sports, sometimes they'll be playing basketball or football games on their projector.  If I had to dock them any points, however, it would only be for the amount of times you would have to eat there before you receive a free "AYCE" which is 12x.  I wish it were only 10 at the most.  For the record, we've already earned 3.
3	I live 3 mins away so it's very convenient and for the most part fish is always fresh. I usually eat nigiri rather than special rolls so this place works for me because their flavor profile on their rolls are not that great. Most drenched in sauce or as I like to say "eel'd" lol. Their eel sauce is ok.. Had better. Service is hit or miss. I still go here since it's close and quality is good.
4	The sushi was excellent, and the fish was very, very fresh, with wonderful texture and taste.  I graded Sushi Twister down a star because the rice kept falling apart (in both nigiri and rolls), and the Yellow Mango wiz Shrimp roll did not have much flavor.  Everything else was outstanding in taste, particularly the Vacation Roll.  It's a new favorite sushi spot for us, and we won't hesitate to return.
3	Kind of disappointed with take out sushi order recently.  Ordered the 44 piece nigiri sushi and roll plate to go, pieces were very small, about the size of a child's thumb.  Looked like the plate was made for children, rather than adults.  Always have had the bento box when eating in and it is the best.  Buyer beware, I wouldn't order any more takeout, only eat in from now on.
4	excelent all ways, i love this place fresh sushi all way
4	here is all japan,very good sushi,i realy like this place specialy the Rice texture n flavor is all ways made to perfection Yama Sam always try to serve the fast is posible one thing i like here u order half rolls to few menu items i recomend let start the cucumber salad n the japonise dressing is excelent, best Dinamite,garlic abacord as well the Tuna was very good, spice Rainbow also the spice Tuna with Abacord on top krispy onion and the extacis dressing wow is good, overall yes go eat there is very good i think you will loved,
5	My favorite sushi place in all of Las Vegas, and I've tried quite a few.This place is so out of the way from the Strip it's going to be all locals and no tourists. Great pricing for the all-you-can-eat at lunch or dinner. They will fill you up.I recommend the Salmon Loves Lemon, the Spiderman and the Oh My God! rolls.I just took a friend from LA/Iowa to the place a couple of days ago and he thought it was excellent.
5	Magic Mountain and Japanese Lasagna are my favorites! This place is great. I personally love it cause it's close to my house. Very clean inside and friendly staff. They even give you a frequent diner card. Earn your stamps and when your card is full you get 1 free all you can eat. So worth it! Their lunch all you can eat is $22. Amazing!
5	This is our new "go to" sushi place. Reasonable price. Fast service. Tasty.
5	A absolute love this place. My husband and I have been coming here for years now. Never a disappointment. Everyone I bring here with me becomes a lover. I always get the ll you can eat and the variety of sushi and appetizers is amazing. I recommend the tiger Yamasaki roll or the matsuri roll.
4	Visiting from out of town, looking for a sushi deal.  Not a large place, very little waiting room. Slight rotten egg smell coming from outside nearby wasn't pleasant.  Kitchen looks a bit chaotic/seedy but they did a good job of making the dining room pleasant (mainly paint the ceiling black and use minimal quality lighting.) We had to wait twice as long as stated on a weekday evening about 7.  Got the AYCE (seems pretty standard around Vegas to have the $26.95 AYCE in many sushi places.)  Quality of fish was decent, about what I get for a middle of the road type place in Seattle.  I like that they didn't give you tons of rice in each piece.  Sat at the bar.  After I hit about $35 equivalent value, the chef was definitely not as attentive and you had to be more assertive about ordering more.  Could be he just got busy too.  Was impressed AYCE includes one order of sweet shrimp and Uni (if you want it.)  Items off the regular menu; scallop dynamite: NASTY - a pool of oil.  Green salad - way too much dressing, couldn't eat it, and it's the spring greens not the crisp iceberg lettuce I'm used to getting in most traditional Japanese places. Tempura Bowl, good, a little on the overdone side and the pour the sauce on instead of giving you a dipping bowl.  Agedashi tofu, good.  Service, okay.  They were really busy.This is a generous 4 stars.
5	I give this place five stars not only the service was good.  We had the owner as our server. Total bill for a family of 5 was just dirt cheap compared to other sushi restaurants where the bill was not worth the food but the food here was   spectacular!  Great atmosphere where you can enjoy ones company.
5	The night was young and the family was hungry. The family needed food fast. And I am not talking about plain restaurants, I was talking about delicious sushi chaos! So I knew the perfect place to tame the wild beasts of a family was the one and only, Sushi Twister!  It is also owned by Ramen Sora in Chinatown.The trip was a little farther than our home. It was on the other side of town and in a sketchy area. As we got there, we were disappointed and excited because of the long wait in line. It took 20 minutes! But once we got inside, the waitress brought our drinks in a jiffy. Now comes the sushiness you've been waiting for!So we started with a large order from the AYCE menu, the long wait had starved us. We got the usual rolls like caterpillar, dragon, and lots of salmon nigiri along with some of  their special rolls like the tiger yamazaki and the sushi-twister and ninja. The "salmon loves lemon" was slightly tart when eating with the slivers of lemon, but was oh so good! The crispy vacation roll was crunchy from the garlic flakes with a nice bit of spicy from the tuna.  The orders came so fast that we had to order MORE! We ordered the yellow mango with shrimp though the yellow mango was a bit overpowering. The baked scallop appetizer was a little too burnt on top and a bit oily for our taste. Baked mussels were also pleasing. The ordered chicken skewers brought us accidentally to another dish called the pork katsu with a tasteful sauce. All the rolls had good consistency.  The overall experience with the dishes were outstanding, just like the staff's fast and friendly service! The interior of the place was a tad bit tight, thus creating the long line. There was a projector screen which had the Sochi Olympics showing. It was a nice size for entertainment. The atmosphere was busy and the chef's were making those great rolls. The prices are comparable in town with kids 8 and under for half the adult prices.Overall the service and sushi overcame the long wait and trip so I gave them 5 stars. In the end we came home happy, stuffed, and satisfied!
3	Drove all the way across town to try this place. Service was great, selection was great but rolls were just ok nothing really stood out. Ended up ordering nigiri after so so rolls. Probably not going to comeback.
3	Good food great friends
4	The selling point about Sushi Twister is the endless rows of items you can pick from that a regular customer could possibly spend a couple months eating here without ever needing to pick the same item. Can't think about which appetizer to choose? Bad news, folks. There's more than 20 appetizers to pick with not one option being any more than $7. Did another AYCE sushi not provide enough nigiri options? This one has another 20.I actually wasn't in the mood for rolls but just wanted some plain tasty raw seafood. I love how this place seems to understand me unlike other restaurants. I never understood the concept of wanting to buy 12 pieces of the same tuna, so they offer "mini-bowls" that provide half the portions so you can order another half of something else.I left with a lovely Chirashi bowl. Because I'm a slow eater and have odd eating hours, I ordered it to go. Holding true to visual presentation, the my to-go had the assortment of seafood so nicely done over the rice that eating and taking it apart was almost saddening. I never thought I would feel that way about a to-go order.For those of you who either want to try a little bit of everything and not break the bank, Sushi Twister hits the spot.
4	This place was ok. Nothing bad, just wasn't as great as its hyped up to be. I will admit that they give a great range of options for the AYCE. The service was great, very friendly. I will try it again maybe during the day next time.
4	We eat here pretty often and the sushi is always good. Today, I tried the hot food the twister lunch special.  Grill salmon with teriyaki chicken twister special for $8.95 it came with miso soup rice and 1/2 cali roll. Ok, first the sushi chefs here are really good and I do not want everyone to confuse them with the hot food cooks.  My only complaint is please clean the bloodline out of the salmon before you cook it. Second, if you are going to leave the skin on the grilled salmon great. BUT, don't cover the Krispy skin with a glaze. Also, the servers need to bus their tables more often.  We hate sitting for 25 min with empty plates in front of us. Advice, for the owner/manager hire a busser for your busy times, you will turn tables faster.  All in all its a great place for sushi, lunch and dinner we will continue to eat at sushi twister
4	This place was packed on a Sunday night. My friend and I had to wait for a seat at the bar for about 10min standing. I got an O my god roll and a Twister roll. They were freakn Delicious!  The sushi chef that made our food was very pleasant and looked excited to be there. I only gave it four stars though because i didnt try the actual sushi yet, but i definetly will be coming back.
5	Love this place and turned on several of my friends to it as well.   Lunch special is just the right size for me but have done the AYCE sushi as well.  Haven't had a single bad meal there.
5	I been going to this place since it opened back in 2008ish. This is my go to place when it comes to sushi. They are super friendly and super fast service, I can't complain.Favorite Rolls:-Salmon loves lemon-Spiderman-Angry Ninja-& most of the nigiri :)
4	It's just A-OK in terms of service. However, at the end of the day my heart tells me that I have to say: Yay! I'm a fan.I've been going to this place for a long, long, time. Years in fact. But like like all things, change is constant and Sushi Twister is not immune, While the food is always good, it's the service that has slowly become an issue. The primary reason for this, as I see it, is that they've simply outgrown their space. The place is too small. They need to expand (which is difficult given that they are on a shared pad with Starbucks with nowhere else to grow) or just plain move. I suppose moving would be a bad idea considering that they have a lock in this area as the only sushi place until you travel all the way down to Topaz and Tropicana or so.  Regardless, the place is simply too small. When it's busy, which is almost always nowadays, people are literally sitting on top of each other. In fact, I would almost call it communal seating. On my last visit I had a couple to my right that looked to be on their first date (I think they really hit it off!!) and a couple to my left that were an established pair. She was a straight shooter. He liked to tap his feet and hop up and down a little in his chair when the next plate of sushi showed up (he looked to be about 50 years old). He'd even hum a little ditty while he ate. Perhaps he did this for our mutual pleasure? I would have to assume so given that our shoulders were less than a foot apart.The staff seems to be overcrowded, overworked and overwhelmed. They aren't nearly as chipper as they used to be. This might have to do with the lack of space and over capacity. Or perhaps it's something else. It might be that they've become so busy that a customers business is no longer appreciated, but expected? This is a mindset that seems to occur from time to time when an establishment become wildly popular. Purely speculation of course and I certainly hope I'm wrong. Overall the place is awesome and the food is fantastic. If they can work out these couple of kinks they'll be back to old form in a jiffy.
5	Friendly staff, rolls are great, not that many places on the Eastside to go for AYCE...
5	Sushi is very very fresh Best All You Can Eat in Vegas so far Better than Kaya No OffensePlace is little bit small for good sushi Real Japanese Sushi Man Service is very fast One Hour Limit for AYCE Seems like they really do not care Price : $26.95 per person Kids are half price Order little by little lol
5	Seriously the best sushi place in town !! Prices are very reasonable and great service !
5	Amazing service!! Our server was josh. He was soooo tentative, always on it, asking if we needed anything and he had a lot of tables to serve too!! And they were so fast in getting out what we ordered! The specialty rolls were so different and the names were classic.."call a doctor vs. Friday the 13th". Too fun!!!!
5	The three of us sat up to the bar and watched our sushi be made.  The sushi chef was excellent and taught some as he went along.  He catered to our every whim and gave us full stomachs without repeating any dish until we had tried everything that sounded appealing to us (or twenty types).  Finally they rolled us out of the place, full, happy, and still enough money in our pockets to repeat the experience again another night.
5	First time here and I can see why its a near perfect rating.I typically dont like to review the atmosphere, but for a sushi place, its extremely upbeat. The music is like something you'd listen to on the radio. There's also a projector playing some kind of show like E! I like it. It's different. Kind of like watching a movie while eating sushi.Anyways, ordered three items. Twister Scallop Mix, Shrimp Tempura, and the Magic Mountain(?) I honestly forgot the name. LOL.I loved them all. The cucumber is extremely fresh, like it was picked right outside (I actually hope not literally). My girlfriend ordered the Sushi Dinner Plate(?) (Already forgetting names and we're sitting right on the tables...) Nigiri. So. Fresh. Enough said.This'll probably be somewhere i'll be going frequently. It's about a 5 minute drive from me.Also, prices are pretty standard. $27 for AYCE past 4PM. You can also get half rolls.
3	I've been here a few times years ago and remembered liking it but in my recent visit it started really good but ended so so. Enjoyed it to some point but not enough to give them the 4th star maybe 3.5 star The good was definitely the nigiris, not a huge selection but the fish used tasted delicious and looked very fresh. The non-rice pieces were a lot larger then the size of the rice which is always great.  I basically worked my way down the list of nigiris they served. Enjoyed most of them with  the tamago and garlic tuna being just a couple of the ones I like. The one thing I didn't like about the nigiris was the rice didn't seem right or at least made to how I usually get them. They kept falling a part and tasted like it was missing something.  The uni and sweet shrimp is only offered on the dinner menu which for $4 more you can upgrade from your lunch price but I wouldn't recommend unless you really want them, what I was told, the only difference is one order of uni and sweet shrimp.The Salmon Skin handroll wasn't that bad, two bites and it was gone. They had something called the Monkey Balls and I had to try it.  It was meh didn't care for them. It was something bitesized and fried but runny and taste so good .  I poured some of the liquids or sauce out after the 1st bite. The fried tofu is served hot so let it cool down and poke salad was a bunch of seaweed and little fish both were alright. The salmon and tuna kamas were both burnt, dry, and overcooked. The green mussles were also burnt and overcooked. The shrimp tempura were standard, ended up getting maybe 5 orders just cause I love shrimp tempura. I didn't see any oysters which are another item I love getting at sushi spots. I sampled some of the rolls not bad. I need to try more they had your usual regular, fried, and baked rolls. Its a small place and it got busy on Saturday between lunch and dinner. The service started great and got my first orders quickly but after that there was almost 10+ min gap between me finishing my plates and them checking on me. I even got the bill early as I was still a little hungry.Would I go back? Yes, it's still a pretty solid sushi spot for the area.
4	The service was friendly and prompt.  We didn't have to wait for our refills or our order to be taken. The food arrived and was well prepared and tasted delicious.
5	Some of the best sushi I've had!! We enjoyed the all-you-can-eat deal and it was with every penny of the 26.95! The price included all you can eat appetizers, sushi and sushi rolls and dessert.  I really liked that they had an option for half rolls so you could try a variety and not fill up on just a couple rolls. Our sushi chef was so nice and accommodating and the entire staff was friendly.  Highly recommended!!
5	Wowowowowowow really good fresh sushi get the deluxe sashimi dinner choices hand picked by sushi chef :)
5	This place is awesome. The food is fantastic. The bento box is huge. Service was awesome,  this place was jumpin... will definitely return.
5	Although this place is far off the strip ... IT IS WORTH the drive!!! I live in the southwest part of LV and I have yet to find a place that tops Sushi Twister! So my family takes a trip to the east side for some well worth sushi once in awhile!!! The rolls are extremely fresh and full of flavor and AYCE is affordable. The rest of the menu is delicious as well!
3	The food was really good . Got a basic California and some green tea ice cream. The only reason they only get 3 stars is cause the customer service was terrible !! My friends decided to try a spicy tuna roll and they hated it which is not a big deal. But they wouldn't do anything about it, not even replace it with a regular California. So that was kind if dissappointing . Other than that the food was good. Don't come here expecting a1 customer service though!
5	Absolutely loved their rolls, fish was very fresh and tasted great!  We met a couple friends so we just wen't with whatever anyone ordered.  Next time we're going for dinner so I can try their Uni and Ama Ebi!  Worth the drive.
5	Sushi was fresh, well made, and quite tasty. It's a real small place you would hardly notice driving by. But it's worth a stop. We didn't do the all you can eat special they offer. The rolls, nigiri, and sake were all exceptional.
3	Its okay, not good and not bad.AYCE, I did this on a friday, There nigiri is very good, and there fish is freshThere miso soup is good,There service is good,Basically there strength is the freshness of there fish, they have some Japanese staff, and they try to stick to traditional Japanese sushi. The Bad: There is too much rice on there sushi, there rolls are not as good as there nigiri.There appetizers suck, Location of the place is a shitty area....Its an okay AYCE, but Kaya is still number one......
5	Nothing but good things to say.  Phenomenal service and good fish.  Rolls not only taste good but show the attention to detail. Get the "Screaming O" and "baked dynamite" appitizer.  For nigiri the garlic tuna is very good and the seared tuna as well. My go to spot with the girlfriend.
5	First time I went...a pretty seedy part of town...but the sushi was on point.  I should have taken some pics!  The rice was not over bearing, the sushi was fresh, and just over all delicious...the price was even a few bucks less than most AYCE places! Just really delicious and worth the risk to go to "tweekertown" :)
4	The service is great. The food is wonderful. I have been here many times and keep returning because it's all around a good experience.
5	I love that this place is away from the strip so you don't get a lot of tourists. This has been my favorite sushi place in Las Vegas for over 4 years. The nigiri is the freshest in the valley. The sushi chefs take pride in their cuts so they cut from the meat when you order and they're not sloppily prepped earlier in the day.You can even see sushi rice prepped through the day. This sushi rice is perfect. Not soggy or overcooked like other sushi places. Service is always consistent. Servers are nice and attentive. While I don't spend my time on specialty rolls, they are worth getting also. I particularly like the tiger yamazaki and spider man.
5	There baked Alaskan summer is a fav. And the rum jungle roll is quite devine. And there saba Nigeria is pretty tasty if I do say so myself. I've been coming here for years and will continue to as long as I live in vegas! Anyone wish g to have sushi come here it won't let you down!!!
5	The food was fresh and the service from the food servers was outstanding.   When in Las Vegas make the drive out to the Boulder Highway and enjoy the best sushi in all of southern Nevada.
1	Terrible service...wish I could give less stars but it won't let me. I walked in and they were moderately busy but all the servers continually ignored me for a good 5 minutes when there were several empty seats at both the bar and a few seats in the table area. They even walked by me multiple times while I stood there so I know they saw me waiting to be acknowledged as a customer. Then finally they sit me at the bar and there are 3 empty seats so I pick the one in the middle so I am not sandwiched in between two people and can enjoy my dinner more comfortable and both the server and chef make a big deal about it wanting me to sit on the left seat. So annoyed about it being a big deal I then asked to be sat at a table instead. So they sit me at a table and what I would like to drink so I order a coke. I look around the table and of course I have no menu so I wait for a server to come over so I can ask for one and they ignore me for several minutes giving me plenty time to write this review here. Finally they ask what I would like and I proceed to ask for my check, paid for the coke and told them I'll take my business elsewhere. I live near this sushi bar and had been going there frequently since I have lived over here and the service has continually gotten worse and worse each time. I refuse to go back there anymore there are way too many good sushi places and for the cost of AYCE you shouldn't have to be ok with terrible service like this I don't get why they have such good ratings on here.
1	Worst sushi restaurant I have ever been to. The fish looked discolored and didn't smell very fresh. I went there for dinner with a friend and we were both disappointed. That experience got me to avoid eating sushi altogether for a while...will not recommend this place to anyone!!
4	I have eaten here for both lunch and dinner. The food is always fresh and served relatively quickly no matter what time of day you visit. The staff has always been friendly and informative.Typical AYCE sushi rules apply (no sharing with non/AYCE guests, don't waste the rice, you have approximately an hour to eat, etc.)Some favorites: Crab roll, 911, Friday 13th v Jason, Spider roll, spiderman, cowgirl, japanese lasagna...there are so many to choose fromThis is a small place so you could end up waiting for a table in the evening hours. The good thing is, the service remains at all time high because they can only serve so many people at once. If you can't get a table, order to-go! It's made fresh when you order it, unlike the cold dry sushi that you get at RA!
2	I have been coming to this place for over 6 years now and it used to be one of my top 3 favorite AYCE in town. A lot of them have lower quality fish but not twister, that combined with the fact that the sushi chefs are friendly and generous and their 13 meals and get one free promotion, they had me sold. I've eaten here for free many, many, times. Recently though, even I have to admit their standards are falling. Now they have added new items to the menu, superwhite comes to mind, (it was good) and the ninja and angry ninja are still superb, but we ordered the spiderman, and it was not right. Came out as a completely different roll than ever before.. weird, pretty good, but still weird. So we ordered another one to see if maybe they changed the recipe, this one was different than any roll we'd ever had before.. still pretty good but what the hell were they serving us. Not being nit-picky but its pretty bad if the customers know the rolls better than the staff.. One of my favorite things to eat there is the monkey ball, I usually order 3 or 4 to myself but the sauce on these tasted so burnt and not sweet at all that it made them horrible, we barely finished one between us. The service wasn't great this time either as there were more staff in the restaurant than customers and we still couldn't get served/our order taken in a timely fashion. This coupled with the fact that when the guy combined my stamps from different cards he took all 8 off of cards with very long expirations and put them all on a card that had one stamp with a very close expiration. When I returned a week and a half later to claim it they told me I was a week late and most of the cards that I had their expiration was over 6 months away. Looks like they are trying to cut some corners and save some money but I think all that it is doing is driving long term customers away. I mean their fryer wasn't even to temp and all the fried things took forever and came out almost white instead of Golden Brown like they should be. For many years I would have given this place a 5 stars rating but no longer unless they clean up their act they may be another Vegas sushi casualty, especially when there are many better places now that are closer than the 45 mins it takes to drive to twister. It breaks my heart to write this review but maybe it will inspire them to go back to the place they used to be, or head someone away from a bad experience and into a good one. I can hope at least..
5	My favorite sushi restaurant in Las Vegas. The fish is always beautifully fresh. They have great lunch specials and they'll honor the price for take-out, too. I go here whenever I can. You have to wait for a table on weekends and holidays but it's definitely worth it.
5	I've been a regular for almost a year now. Sushi twister is by far my favorite sushi spot in Vegas. The staff is excellent, they are very prompt and friendly. I've never had bad service even when they are super busy.AYCE is decently priced and they provide a good amount of special rolls to order from. I usually go a la carte if I'm there with only a couple of friends and their dinner and lunch specials are very cheap and the portions are satisfying. The fish is fresh, the sake is cheap, everything there is amazing.I definitely recommend this place, this is one of the best sushi restaurants in Vegas. I'm all about first and second impressions, and they never fail to satisfy me. I will be a regular customer here.
5	Love this place and the staff!  Been coming here since it opened and love that they remember us, even if it has been awhile. Good food and great people!!
5	Yesterday was my first time here and it was delicious. I did a to go dinner ordered one roll called dragon and staff are very nice. CAME back the next day with my friend chez everything was good same thing everything was awesome.
1	The staff and service was good.  The sushi was awful.  I tried five different items and they were all bad.  I did nt eat any more even though i was still hungry.  Felt sick after.  I have been eating sushi for 25 years I love it but not at this place
5	Best nigiri that I've had in Vegas so far.  Wait staff is super friendly, and the fish always tastes super fresh.
4	Before my Seattle trip, a friend and I had a sushi craving. The wonderful think about living in Las Vegas is having the option to go to AYCE (All you can eat) sushi joints. I've heard some really great things about this place from friends and neighbors. The best thing is that it's located right up the street from my house. This meal was a brainer. This joint is located on the southwest corner of a very busy strip mall. Walking into the restaurant, you'll notice that it's cozier inside than it looks outside. The joint has a few sushi bar top seating, a couple of high top tables and a few other table seating. Staying in place for a couple of hours, I've noticed that the servers do a good job turning out the tables so there's no wait. Speaking of our servers, they were very efficient. They always came by the table to see if we were alright and if we needed anything else. For the most part, good service. For my meal, I decided to get the All You Can Eat option for $26.95 per person. If you're going to have a few rolls, this would be the best option. Keep in mind though, this is one of  the only places I've noticed that holds everyone to the 1 hour limit. Whenever I go with the AYCE option, I tend to chow down on a lot of Nigiri sushi as it's usually a lot ala carte. On this visit, I went with the salmon, ahi and tako nigiri. The serving size was good and the fish was fresh! For other options, I went with chicken katsu, baked mussels, mochiko chicken, shrimp tempura and gyoza. All dishes were good. The katsu used white meat but had a nice crunch to it. For my gyoza, I asked for it steamed. It was flavored nicely and cooked nicely. Overall, the food is definitely worth returning to. The food came out fast, the service was nice and everything was super filling. If you're willing to eat in an hour and then leave, come down and check them out!
4	I'm in love with sushi twister, very clean and polite staff....and the red Dragon is a must try!
3	I was very excited to try this place as it had wonderful reviews and is very close to my new house. Unfortunately it didn't live up to the hype :(  it's about $3 more expensive than most other sushi places for ayce dinner and I wouldn't mind paying it if the food was better, b it it's not. I can easily think of 3 better places that are cheaper. Also, the ambiance just isn't there. Decor seems like more of an afterthought and thrown together, music was atrocious.  It was a variety station of crappy 90's and early 2000's music, and none of the songs you liked from then either, and the rap was edited to top it off.  I'll give them an A+ for service, our server was a total sweetheart and very on the ball. The sushi, was just missing something,  the fish was fresh enough but it seemed of a lower quality than somewhere like Yama ( too bad they have terrible service).  Sorry twister, won't be back. I'll drive across town to Daisho, they have good food and good service.
5	My favorite sushi place in Las Vegas. I live in San Francisco and we don't have any all-you can eat sushi place. Every time I come to Vegas I have dinner here. Fresh, yummy, and fun.
4	Amazing food good service only downfall is it's small and run down a bit uncomfortable sitting right up on the next tables guests
4	Had AYCE for lunch with hubby today. Service was great. Sushi was good - especially the spicy rolls. We really liked the Angry Ninja and the Screaming for vengence. The spicy rolls were not too spicy and had flavor, not just heat. The seaweed salad wasn't so good though and we did not like the ecstacy sauce at all. I would definitely come back and will order the Angry Ninja again! I also wanted to mention that their plain iced tea was the really good - not too watered down.
3	solid sushi. nothing really stood out. service is good though.
5	Fantastic AYCE, been here many times since moving to vegas. My favorite sushi place by far.
4	Mon-Thurs is happy hour after_9pm. The place is small. You are right next to strangers but if you don't mind that then its all good. Service is awesome. The staff is on top of it. The food is YUMMY. Children's menu is 8 and under which I think should be like 10 and under but the serving is worth the 3.99. Overall I'm happy I found a sushi place that is clean, close to home, affordable and delicious. I will be back for sure.
5	I like their all you can eat sushi better than their sushi lunch, but for that I like to go to Ninja 2 Go unless I can't go that far then this is a good choice. The food is fresh and well made and the service is great they always greet you when you come in and when you leave which I think it's nice. It's not too big or too small, if you decide to dine in during your lunch time you have to remember to tell them that you are limited in time or they take a little bit longer on their service but they work fast if you tell them when you arrive.
5	Bomb dot com.   Every time I visit Vegas and I'm craving sushi this is the place!   The food quality is superb and the Uni!  Amaze balls!   Sweet shrimp and shrimp head even better!   Never disappoints and the dessert green tea ice cream and  mochi seals the deal
4	I was impressed by Sushi Twister. I hadn't found a good east side sushi restaurant, but then we were invited here. We actually ended up eating here twice in a short period of time. The first time, I had the tempura lunch plate. The veggies were hot and crispy and not too greasy. The miso was tasty. The salad was crisp. It was a weird time of day, so I didn't try any sushi, but it was a great lunch special and I wanted to go back. I got the opportunity just a week or so later. This time we went for the AYCE. We tried a little bit of everything & even my husband, who doesn't love sushi was happy. The fish was cold and fresh. The selection was wonderful. My only disappointment was the Rum Jungle. The flavors didn't do it for me. The spicy salsa on top completely overwhelmed the soft shell crab inside. Even though the place is tiny, it's great. The service is good, the food is fantastic. I will be back.
5	Best place in Vegas. Don't tell anyone. ;) I drive pretty far to go here. So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so GOOD!
5	We are sushi twister regulars. This is one of the best sushi places in Las Vegas. We usually don't go anywhere else. I usually do the AYCE. I love the nigiri. Yellowtail, tuna, garlic tuna, salmon, eel, shrimp, white tuna and twister scallop. AYCE includes hot and cold appetizers, full or half rolls (you choose) and dessert. Make sure to get a stamp card! Must tries: Screaming Orgasm, Japanese lasagna, kill samurai.My wife usually does the chicken dinner. It's a great a great value for the size. Comes with veggie and shrimp tempura, salad, rice, miso, California roll (you can upgrade to any other roll), miso, and of course Teri chicken.
4	Amazing sushi, fast, and fresh we only ever do the AYCE it's about the same price as other Acye sushi spots they are simple you order it you eat it. Which makes sense just because it's all you can eat doesn't mean to waste food so I completely agree with their rules if you don't finish something you pay for it.. The only thing limited is the mochi ice cream it's one per person but if you are with other people that are just going to get ice cream you can get their mochi order... Really enjoyed this place will definitely be eating here again
4	i come here when im on the eastside of town and i believe this place is really underrated. They are great as far as service, food is also good and the prices are awesome. Only thing i will say is that the fish needs a little work. i believe a better quality fish could help this place shine. the sauces they use are also great and roll selection is good. dont pass this up because i think like most restaurants  serve their best qualities of fish on friday so ill try it then and maybe my review will change since i did come in on sunday.
3	had the sushi twister combo.  there was a lot of food.
4	This is the closest sushi to my house so I come here quite a bit.  I mostly get takeout but have had AYCE and lunch specials a few times.  I love that you can get half rolls.  Food is fast and fresh.  Service is on point.  Prices are great.  What more can you ask for?  I have ordered sushi platters for a party and was very happy with them.  This is a solid neighborhood spot.
4	Great place for lunch. Loved the food. They have a great all you can eat special. Staff is very friendly. A lot of tasty choices to choose from.
4	It was nice to find this local gem while stopping by in Vegas. I did the AYCE, which was about 22.50 for lunch and 26 for dinner. Totally worth it.. Filled up upon rolls and rolls and rolls and Nigiri. All the fish was fresh and the selection of different rolls were great as well. I also liked how you were able to order half rolls, this especially helps you are eating by yourself.Don't forget, free mochi ice cream at the end. Absolutely delicious way to end the meal. 4 Stars, Highly recommended.
5	thanks to yelp, I found this place, very good price for what you get.  We didn't have the All U can Eat.  But it was great.   We will definitely be back.
2	For the past few years we have loved this restaurant, however customer service has not been the best. Its time to find another sushi place. Not interested anymore. If the owner doesn't care about customer service why the sushi chefs care! BAD SERVICE!!
3	The place was okay. Nothing to really jump out of my seat for.It's on my side of town, but I'll definitely stick to other places.
3	This place is good. If I'm on the east side and someone wants to come here, sure.The food is average. The muscles are DROWNED in a weird eel like sauce. The "Japanese salsa" is odd. The nigiri. (Yellowtail, salmon, and halibut) were good. Wasabi between fish and rice, the traditional way.Pretty big cuts.The service however, was outstanding. We came in 6 adults and 2 kids deep, it was super busy, and they were pretty on top of everything. We got our food so fast. They only messed up a couple times, no big. Gotta leave room for human error.  The musari roll was super good, and the spider roll was pretty amazing.Next time, I'll try some more stuff and appetizers.I'll be back!
1	Sushi Twister was very disappointing. The sushi was bland. The eel sauce was terrible. I won't assume it's usually like this, but it tasted burnt and wrong. The spicy rolls had no spice or kick to them. Two people in our group ordered mango mochi, then they proceeded to put the orders in the same plate; this is not the best way to serve to separate people. Service was good, but for the price of $27 the food was overpriced. Slash it by $5 and it'll be worth it. Go to Kaya or Yama, they are cheaper and have better food.
5	So I had this all you can eat certificate and I decided to give this place a try today. Hot tea, miso, appetizers and desert were included in the all you can eat option. When I entered, I was greeted with a warm welcome. It was my first time sitting at a sushi bar--and I'll tell you it's pleasant to be here. My server was super nice. I'm the type to be casual with my own kind, so not only he was nice, but he was fun to talk to. The service is an A+!!! As for the food, I ate until I felt dizzy from being full. Yeah, the sushi was super fresh and that amazing. I ate 80% of the nigiri section of the menu. As for the appetizers, I ate tempura. Their tempura was the best, crispy and well made. After all that, I chose strawberry mochi as an option for my desert. Overall, I had a great time. Gonna come back soon!
1	They made my husband eat the last piece of sushi or they charge him for leftover. What a threat lol! Food wasn't too bad but we are never coming back here again.
1	They definitely need to work on customer service. I probably won't eat sushi for a year after dining here.
5	I LOVE Sushi Twister! Everything I've ever had has been fresh! Love the Japanese lasagna! Tempura is awesome! Anyway,this is 1 of my fav places to eat, my only complaint would be the teriyaki chicken always seems to be charred a bit too much!
5	Jillsa and Yamasaki took care of our sushi needs! Both are recommended to the fullest. They are here dinner time off mon and tues....see you soon!
4	Auntie Em, Auntie Em! It's a twister! It's a twister!!I've been hearing a lot of people say to me that Sushi Twister makes some of the best sushi in town. Well,not quite. But, Sushi Twister is making some good sushi over on the east side of Vegas. First, for those living on the east side near boulder highway and Trop, and around that area, this might be your only option for AYCE sushi. And, it's not really such a bad option.After walking in and sitting down at the bar, I was later told by the sushi chef that  Sushi Twister is owned by the same people that own Ramen Sora in Chinatown. I was expecting a lot, and I think that they delivered nicely.Ordered too much to analyse bit by bit, but will try to give an overall impression. I thought the fish and seafood quality was good, but not great. I also thought that the rice was a tad bit on the slightly sour side. I also thought that their signature sauce that they put on many of the apps and nigiri, sort of a yuzu-type soy sauce, was too sour as well. As for the apps, I really liked the chicken karage, it was crispy, well seasoned, and cooked very nicely.So, I like this spot, but it's a drive from me so i'll stick to my favoritos. But, for those that live in the area, this is a super solid option for those who don't wanna travel to Spring Mtn. Rd., but would still like some quality sushi.
5	Fantastic sushi...fresh and yummy.  Large portion and selection. Also offers all-you- can-eat for $26.95 for 60 minute dinner. Tempura very good, too.
5	To me this is the best sushi place on the Eastside of las vegas.  More important when I have a sushi craving it's not far from where I live.  Upon entering, the employees are there to greet you and as you leave it's almost like they are greeting you again as weird as it sounds.  One thing I love about this location is that it's open until 11 pm.  It's definitely not fast food but It's made and cooked pretty quick.  I love going here at night because of the ambience and the atmosphere.  It's dark but not too dark and it's perfect for casual conversation.  I love the teriyaki chicken with salad.  Nice healthy meal  I've been during the all you can eat sushi and left stuffed.  Service is very fast even if it's busy.  I can honestly say I haven't nada bad experience there and love going when I can carve out the time.
