3	This location opened August 19th at the Monte Carlo. The packages here aren't as good as the Mandalay Bay location. I haven't been to the MB location but this one looked really small.Packages:* $25 for Entry plus 1 drink* $35 Fur coat package includes Entry plus 1 drink, fur upgrade* $65 VIP Package: 1 Cocktail, Fur Coat Upgrade, Boots, Gloves, Locker, One 5" x 7" Photo & Photo Frame, Souvenir Eskimo hat & Ice lounge experience There is no need for a reservation unless you have a large party or you are planning to come on a Friday or Saturday night between 11pm and 3am. For Group Sales please call 702-586-8925 and speak to Heather Coldwell.
4	Ok, I know its sort of lame, but let's pay $25 to get into an ice bar! Yay! Luckily everyone agreed, and we went. I had a great time, but that might have been because we got 2 drinks with the $25 admission, which isn't that bad for Vegas prices. One of the bartenders was awesome and the other one had a serious stick up her ass. But I digress.It's actually -5 degrees Celsius, so it's not that cold. Plus they give you a parka and ugg boots (which I have totally fallen in love with. Their so comfy). The ice chairs are covered in deer skins so you don't slide off and bust your ass, but you have to hold the ice cup with both gloved hands or it will dump your drink on the floor (Nathan) and then you'll have to lick it up (also Nathan) instead of ordering another drink like a normal person.There's also a lady who will take your picture, which you can get for free on their website, or pay $20 for. Which to choose.... Also, there is NO SMOKING inside, which was devastating for the 2 men in our party. And the included drinks come from a pre-made list, so don't get your hopes up for ordering something fancy. But you can buy different drinks at the bar like martinis.I would go back. It was fun, and I like those shoes...
4	Minus 5 was definitely a touristy thing to do, but hey it's Vegas, we were there, gotta do it for the experience. Quite the fun experience I must say. $35 for a fake fur coat, gloves, and one free drink. Had a coupon that we found in a book of a taxi that gave us a free shot. I have no idea what was in it, but it was delicious. And the fact that you're in ice makes it so that you don't realize how drunk you really are until you leave into the room temperature because your veins constrict when cold, so the alcohol doesn't get around your blood stream. Anyway, everything there was a lot of fun, just hanging out, talking to the people, and sitting next to the window where people from the casino were peering in. The bartender was awesome, he had a lot of energy. And the whole thing is beautiful because it's all made of ice, the cups, the chandeliers, even the seats, but they do have a fake fur thing over the seats. that way you don't stick to them. one fun thing to try and get people to do, is to get them lick the wall. Also drinks are about $10 each, so it can get pricey, especially considering that my friend and I stayed in there about 2 hours.
5	Expensive, but way cool! Literally! Har har. Me and my sister were on our way to Diablo's and happened upon this place, which is new since I last stayed at the Monte Carlo in June. Prices are steep, $25 per person for basic package which includes a parka, gloves and one cocktail or shot. $35 for a fur coat upgrade, $65 for everything above plus a furry hat you keep and a keepsake photo. They confiscate all cameras and cell phones before you enter and place them in a locker. That's because they have a great photographer inside who will take all the shots you want and you can then buy them later online or tag then on Facebook. The bartender was fun and I was amazed that he didn't wear any coat. It was darn cold in there and holding a cup made of ice didn't help. An experience worth going to at least once. It's Vegas and you only live once.
5	This place was lots of fun. They try to get you with their upgraded packages but you don't get much. The most expensive package basically gives you a photo for $20, a hat for $20, and free usage of a warmer coat. My advice is layer up before going. If you're with a girl, make sure she's fully dressed and has warm shoes. Get the most basic $25 package and START DRINKING! You get a free first drink and they pass out cards offering a free shot. After having a drink in an ice cup, and a flavored shot, and meeting some new people we definitely wanted to stay for a while. If you're into their drinks, go ahead and get as many as you want, ITS VEGAS! If you get cold, I'm pretty sure you can walk out and ask to go use the bathroom. Then when you come back you can be all ready for more. Bottom line: This place definitely is a must go and everyone there will be having just as great a time and friendly as ever. We definitely will be visiting Minus 5 each time we come back.
4	Stumbled upon this cool little place today as I was picking up my tickets for the Jabbawockeez show.  When I say cool, it was really cool in more ways than one.Before you enter the bar, you are greeted by a hostess who will explain the rules and the cover charge to get into the place.  The rules are simple... No electronic devices, do not put your glass directly on the table - you should always use a coaster.  There are several different packages that you can get ranging from $25 to $100.  I would recommend the $25 package which gets you a drink, a pair of gloves, and a warm winter coat to wear.  Once you enter the bar, you will notice that the entire place is made of ice.  The bar, tables, chairs, walls, and the various ice sculptures that are scattered around the bar.  First stop is the bar to get your free drink, they provide a menu of various drinks that you can get.  All of the drinks are vodka based, so I ended up getting a sour apple martini type drink.  When you get your drink, you will notice that the glass is made of ice, which explains the coaster rule and why you need to wear gloves.  The drinks here are fairly potent and not watered down like they are in most places.Surrounding the room, they have couches made of ice.  On the sitting surface of each couch, they have it lined with a furry animal pelts so that you can keep your butt a little warm and not have to sit directly on the ice.Like most bars in Vegas, the place was empty when i walked in at around 7pm.  But I have been told that it gets pretty packed later in the night.  And on your way out,  they have a souvenir shop where you can pickup a t-shirt, hat, or other items.Overall this place was fun to check out once.  It was interesting to see a bar that is made of ice.  The only drawback that I can see is that it is fairly expensive.  Subsequent drinks will run you about $10 each.  If you are a girl or you are bringing your girlfriend here, then make sure she dresses up a bit.  They do keep the bar cold so that the ice does not melt, and your legs and feet will not be covered by the winter coat that they give you when you enter.
4	Went to Minus 5 on Christmas weekend. My overall thoughts is that it's a very unique and fun experience, but probably something you would only want to do once. However, it's definitely a novelty experience and would make a pretty cool story. "I once drank at a bar completely made of ice, man! Like getting drunk in the North Pole, dude!" So I'll break down all the basics:The cheapest package is $25 and this is the one I would recommend getting. Since you're not sure if you're going to like it or how long you'll want to stay in there, it's the least amount to lose. This package gets you one drink, a parka and gloves. Before you go in, you will get explained all the rules almost as if you're about to go on a ride at an amusement park. They're simple, and one you should definitely follow: hold the ice glass with both hands. My husbands glass slipped out of his hands and broke. Such a waste of alcohol!I honestly didn't care for the drinks. It's not a full bar so options are very, very limited. It's mostly fruity vodka drinks that all tasted pretty much the same to me. It's cold in there. Pretty damn cold. But it's tolerable, especially with alcohol, for probably an hour or so.No picture taking is allowed and one photo will cost you $20. I did end up buying one because it was damn cute. They do upload all their images on their website which you can post to your Facebook etc., but they will have an annoying "Copyright" stamp printed across your face. The experience seems especially fun for larger groups. The bartenders aren't that friendly but I guess I should give them a break, they work in an igloo. All in all, go once, get the cheap package, and enjoy yourself!
4	This place really deserves 4.5 stars, but no such granularity exists in the world of Yelp.  I was visiting Vegas for CES this year and our group of friends opted to check out the ice lounge located at Monte Carlo (there is another one at Mandalay Bay).When we arrived at around 6, it was clear that we were the first patrons of the evening.  One of our friends somehow got us in for free (he just does stuff like that), so we didn't have to pay the $25 or $35 to rent the coat and boots and such.  We got suited up in thick trench coats ON TOP OF our other coats.  The ladies put on UGG boots.  We deposited our cameras and phones into a locker and went inside the preparation chamber where we received gloves and instructions.  Then the door was opened to the bar and we stepped inside...Instantly we were hit by the feeling of severe cold with no wind-chill.  The layers of coats was definitely a must.  All around us were ornate ice sculptures and benches made of ice and covered with thick furs for traction and warmth.  On the two ends of the lounge were U shaped seating areas with a table in the middle and a chandelier made of dangling ice blocks that changes color with the light above.We went to the bar and looked at the drink menu.  We were given small cups made of ice that were to be re-used throughout our stay, so we had to take good care of them and hold with both hands.  The drinks were $10+ each (definitely on the high side) and were kind of small, but were pretty potent.  All of the names were ice/polar/cold themed and tasted pretty good.There was a person dressed in a penguin suit like a character from Disneyland would be who sat with us in the lounge-ends and joined us for the pictures that were taken of our group by the staff inside.  The bartenders were very friendly and energetic.  I don't know how they can stand the cold for so long without the kinds of jackets we had on.Four of my buddies took shots out of an ice sculpture shaped like a woman's upper torso with two tubes running from the neck down to the ends of the mammary regions (that vaguely clear enough for you?).  We all had a really good time and it was definitely an excellent experience finally being in an ice bar.When we exited, we were shown the many pictures taken of us throughout the evening.  We were then told we could purchase them for pretty hefty sums, but the more you get the cheaper they are.  We ended up buying 7 or 8 and I took them home and scanned them to distribute.Summary: Awesome experience.  Dress warm, even with the coat they give you, if you run cold.  Price is on the high side because you have to pay for entry/coat, then drinks, then pictures (no cameras allowed inside).  The ice sculptures are great and the staff are friendly and help keep the party going.  Good times.
4	Loved this place! My wonderful boyfriend surprised me as an early valentines celebration and took me to Minus 5 and i loved it! This most defiantly is a very different bar experience that i will never forget. LITERALLY......EVERYTHING IS MADE OUT OF ICE! (including the tumblers)Its a cute setting and totally enjoyed their specialty drinks. The bartender was super friendly and heavy handed with the drinks ;) Since it was a part of my Valentines gift he got me to VIP package which included a coat upgrade, a cute fur halo, 2 drinks and a picture. ($75) but totally worth it. I RECOMMEND THIS PLACE BUT BE READY TO SPEND SOME $ AND TO BE COLD!  (worth it!)
4	This place is awesome! Their drinks are amazing! You should make sure to dress warm because it's really cold in there. The coat that they give is not enough to keep you warm. It's a little pricier, but it's worth it. I will definitely will be coming back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	A GREAT place to check out if you're here in town, or are looking for a few fun things to do while on a visit. If you have the money to spend the expensive package is almost worth the warmer coat and the photo, if not, make sure you dress like you're going to play in the snow (ok, maybe a little less). I don't remember how much we paid for drinks but if I recall correctly it wasn't horrible. I believe beers were around $4 (which isn't bad on the strip). The two bartenders that were there were surprisingly quick for the crowd that was around.Once again, absolutely check the place out! (and then maybe write a review about your good time on yelp!).
4	We visited back in January.  When we got there, there were only two other people there.  Apparently it had been cleared out earlier in the evening thanks to someone drinking entirely too much and vimiting everywhere.  They didnt exactly explain that up front.  Occasionally you would get a great whiff of puke, which wasnt appealing!  The bartender was great.  All of our drinks were good and the shots from the shotski.  There were pictures taken while we were in there, but we were disappointed that not all of the details were explained when we purchased some of the pictures.  Not all of the pictures taken were shown to us in order to purchase AND if you purchase them online...you cant print them out.  they are only viewable if you upload on facebook.  I wish it would have been clarified better.  All and all it was a neat experience.  The cost of the drinks weren't any worse than any nightclub on the strip.
3	ICE anyone? Back in Jan. i kinda wanted to peep the place, so knowing i was going back i offered it up to the group. Lets check it out we said. AWESOME idea. first off let me tell you, you cant take in any cameras, phone anything like that. "company Policy" Money trap more like it. They want you to buy the pictures they take in there. Anyway, you have three different entrance packages you can buy. #1($15) gives you a standard jacket with some pretty nasty gloves so you don't freeze your digits off touching the glasses that are.. you got it MADE OF ICE! #2 ($45) gives you a fur coat with the same smelly gloves and some boots if needed. #3 ($65) "V.I.P." package gives you the fur coat, bennie, same STANK gloves and some boots. The bennie you get to keep AWESOME a $65 dollar bennie is what I've always wanted. The bar inside isn't very big, but it is literally cool inside. Also there wasn't very many people inside, wasn't sure how to take that. They also don't like it if you keep breaking the glasses. All in all the place was worth the night, but not worth the price of going all out. The Standard $15 fee will do you just fine. It's without a doubt the coolest bar in town.
3	Yeah, I'm going to be cliche and call this place "cool," but that's about it.  Was it a unique experience? Sure thing.  I was in a big group and the guys for WHATEVER reason decided to splurge for the VIP package- something like $65 each for fur coats (choice of black or white), boots (foot fungus, anyone?), gloves, one shot (basically juice + sugar)  and one drink.  Drinks are all vodka based and are also very sugary/sweet.  Drinking out of ice cups is kinda hard.They don't allow cameras inside, but I was able to sneak mine in.  There is a photographer wandering around taking pics and then they give you a website to check out later with the pics, but you have to buy them to get rid of the "DO NOT COPY" across it.  The guys were having fun taking nipple shots from an ice mannequin, but after a while, I just got bored.  And for those of us who had to take a bathroom break, we had to leave the bar, disrobe out of our fur coats, and trek to the other side of the casino.  WTF.  As w left we were able to snag a... lets call it... party favor, so I guess that made it worth it just for the story alone.
3	We visited with a bachelor party last weekend and it was fun. Honestly its just a over priced gimicky ice bar but if your with your friends and you wanna try something fun and different id say go for it. On the flip side they dont allow you to take photos in there so that their photographer can take them and sell them to you out side for $20 (kinda shitty) i will say that the drinks were awesome and the bartender was defintly a real cool cat and they treated us very nicely. If you plan on being there for a lil bit wear pants or prepare to freeze your ass off.
3	Totally great for a one-time experience, but stupid expensive to do more than once.  The drinks were weak and all hyper sweet for my carb-watching self. The penguin walking around was the highlight of the place.  Nice touch and super funny too. It was about $100 for the two of us and two drinks (ouch), but again, really a fun experience to do once.  The other problem besides the cost is the fact that there isn't anyone else in there so although I do enjoy the company of my BF immensely and it is cool to have the ice bed to lounge on all by yourselves, we also like to people watch in a bar-type atmosphere.  There was a couple in there when we got there but they left 5 minutes after we got our drinks--no mocking opportunity of the other peeps there at all. Boo.I guess if it wasn't so damn expensive that wouldn't be a problem because there might be more people.Try it because it is just so cool, but either bring your own crowd of wealthy friends or enjoy the steep cost of bar silence.
4	This bar is really cool (no pun intended).  The staff was fun and friendly and the drinks were pretty good.We met a lot of awesome people in here and ended up spending way too much time inside. When I went outside I was drunk off my ass but it was really fun.Good experience overall.
3	A great gimmick bar, but too pricey and too cold for us old fogeys!  Worth doing once.
2	Being in a bar where everything is made of ice seemed like it would be novel experience, especially while in temperatures over 100 degrees Fahrenheit. Although the atmosphere of the bar was unique the experience is not. Upon arrival my husband and I were ignored by the staff as the talked amongst each other. After their attention was attained we were swayed not to stay as we would only have one hour before they closed the bar and only one half hour to order drinks as they claimed they closed at 1:30am even though their website says 2:00am. We continued to pursue this 'unique' opportunity as there are not many of these bars in the States and none close to where we live. As were attained our gear to enter the giant freezer - rented jackets, boots and gloves - we were instructed that no cell phone and cameras were permitted in the bar and that they had a photographer on staff that would take pictures for us - of course this is so we would purchase pictures upon leaving the bar. Very disappointed in this because I prefer to take my own photographs and the photographer the bar offered was nowhere to be found. When he did make an appearance he was too busy posing a specific group for what seemed to be hundreds of pictures while ignoring the other patrons. We were lucky to have 2 poorly taken pictures of us; needless to say, no photographs were purchased for us to remember our experience. It was 'cool' being in a bar made of ice but aside from having to pay to rent jackets, boots and gloves just to enter the bar it was just a bar with a limited drink selection and bad service; nothing too 'unique' about that.
3	Very cool! Literally. This is one of the things I've done just for the sake of doing. Drinks were good but not very big. I feel like if our group was a little bigger it would have been more fun. It was a cool experience to put on a parka and gloves just to go into a bar, and then EVERYTHING including your drink is made of ice. It was pretty expensive, so I don't necessarily think I'd do it again.
4	Thanks LN&CD for the idea! My friends and I checked this place out right before closing and considering the hot Vegas night, this place was the perfect cool down. There are two locations (Monte Carlo or Mandalay Bay). The Monte Carlo people were super friendly. We paid $15 cover to borrow a thick jacket/booties/gloves, admission, and get a free shot.There was a photographer going around to take your picture with the numerous sculptures inside. They give you a locker to put all your stuff in, too, b/c they don't allow phones or cameras inside. The pictures were advertised to be offered on their website--be sure to look at the correct DATE you go.. There's also a huge watermark if you look at them on their site, or pay $20 per digital copy ("for online use only"). I definitely had a good time here. I did think the cold kept you sober though, and right when you exit, you feel the effects immediately. It was pretty cool drinking out of the ice cups. I didn't see any bathrooms inside the bar, but could you imagine your cheeks on a frozen throne? lol. When you leave, don't forget to check your pockets if you left anything in there. Thanks for a great time Minus 5 crew. Special thanks for hookin me up with another pair of fresh gloves. I was freezing cold for a while after exiting..
3	Went on a Friday evening during J4th weekend.  Fun experience!  We definitely went for the novelty... not a place I'd frequent.  Great for big groups looking to break the ice (har har) and/or kick the night off.$15 gets you entry w/a parka jacket, boots, and gloves.  At the time we went they were handing out one free shot coupons. I think $45 gets you a fur coat, instead of a parka, plus one free drink.It's basically a huge meat locker with approx 93 tons of ice.  Bartender said this was the 2nd largest ice bar.  Alaska has the first largest.  Everything is literally made of ice... seats, tables, the bar, cups you drink from, walls, etc.  Neat ice sculpture of Mt Rushmore in the back... and a snow-couple near the bar for photo op.  We probably stayed for about an hour and were not asked to leave... so maybe rules have changed since prior Yelp reviews.  I also saw they had a variety of alcohol... Patron, Crown Royal, Jack Daniels, Hypnotiq, X Rated, a plethora of Vodkas, etc.  You pay for your drinks when you exit... each party is given a number... you provide the bartender with that number so he knows who to charge drinks to... so keep track on what you order.  I think drinks averaged about $12 each.Heads up... no electronic devices are allowed inside... cell phones, cameras, etc.  They say it's b'coz there's a chance your devices may freeze inside thus causing it to break and I guess they don't want to be held liable for that.  I really think it's b'coz they have their own photographer who ducks in and out taking photos of you and your party.  Catch is the photos cost about $20 each.  They were having a deal when we were there... 3 for $40.  You can also buy online from their website at regular price.  You can also link your photo to facebook or twitter BUT they're a "Do not copy" watermark stamped dead-center of the photo.  Overall, the experience was great and memorable.  Just another something to cross off the bucket list.
5	$15 gets u entry in which comes with uggs & a regular coat ...no electronics allowed so everything gets put in a locker before u enter...once in everything is made of ice and there are several areas to relax in this lounge...relax for a bit and a photographer will come by to take ur photos...there's also a bartender n u kan order several drinks off the menu...drinks r pretty weak but i tried a few...tasty ...def something u wanna do especially on a hot day...the photographer is also really nice n accommodating to ur photo requests...photos can b purchased or found online where u kan publish it to ur fb etc
4	This place is really cool, you drink from glasses made of ice. We had a coupon for a free shot, keep in mind it's the "shot of the day" that you get for free. Pro-Tip .. don't put your cellphone or camera in the cubby/locker as they say you should. It's only so that they can sell you a photo they take for $20 later. Nothing bad is going to happen to your camera/cell phone at 5 degrees Celcius.
2	The website and video is deceiving. When you actually get  inside its super small. I think the max capacity is 15 people. We paid the general admission fee which came out to be about $16 after taxes.  The admission fee includes the parka, gloves, disposable booties and boots. There isnt much of a wow factor to this place besides the fact that everything is made of ice. The video hyped it up too much. The photographer caught me and my friend taking pictures with our camera phones so that was our cue to take off. They charge if you want their photographer to take pictures of you. Anyways, I dont think its worth it to come here. I rather spend my money on another drink.
3	The boytoy and I decided to visit this joint based on the facebook deal we claimed. Successful marketing I guess?I think the other reviews on here are spot on.The hosts are fun and the experience is what you make it, but it's small so don't come here expecting to have your pick of ice princesses.  The ice sculptures were interesting to say the least."JUST LICK IT ALREADY!!!"Being surrounded by so much ice definitely induces the urge to lick something. Anything. Juvenile, yes. Liquor and the boytoy's attempts to entice were not helping, but I managed some self restraint...The drinks were better than I expected, take advantage of the facebook deal. Otherwise it would be kind of expensive for the lounge experience since it's not too crowded. -1 star for charging $20 per digital file and not allowing electronic devices.
2	MINUS 5 AT MANDALAY IS WAY BETTER THAN MONTE CARLOWhy? I recently visited both and here is why;-Mandalay has better layout and more seating-Mandalay bar is better and bartenders are more FUN!!!!!!!-Mandalay bar has better music-Mandalay bar has a "lodge" themed bar outside the ice bar to warm up after you exit the ice bar. Monte Carlo admission is $15 and that does not include a drink. Mandalay is $25 and includes a drink. Yes drinks inside ice bar are $10 and up. It will be as fun as you make it, but having fun bartenders and good music helps! Go to Mandalay if you can.
3	Fun place to go with friends and get the two for one before six pm. Drinks are high but hey your in Vegas right.
5	We went on Aug 26, my good looking friend Christopher and I, had a GREAT time.  It was made possible by our wonderful photographer/ice queen hostess "with the mostess" Jessenia.  You gotta check this place out...be sure to tell Jessenia we said "HEY" from North Carolina...and leave her a BIG TIP!  She rocks....and so did the hot bartender...parka and all.  This is a MUST DO to beat the hot Vegas streets.
4	The place was pretty cool to check out. It's not somewhere I would go very often as it's definitely a cool 1 time novelty, but wouldn't be against taking people who haven't been before. It's cool seeing the bar, ice sculptures and all the seats be made completely out of ice and the mixed drinks were pretty good though a bit small.
2	I've been wanting to visit an ice bar for ages, ever since watching a TV show which showed off some of the awesome Finnish ice bars. When I learned that there was one of these bars in Vegas, I knew I HAD to go and try it next time I was there!I'm happy that I have now been to an ice bar, but I have to say that the overall experience was so so much less than it should have been at the Minus 5 Ice Lounge in the Monte Carlo hotel, Las Vegas.On walking up to the entrance of the Minus 5 ice lounge, we were ignored for a good few minutes by the girl behind the counter while she looked bored and made small talk with another employee (another review also mentioned this annoyance). Oh, and there were no other customers in sight. Eventually, she gave us the time of day and we asked for a $15 entrance for me (basic entrance with jacket + gloves provided) and a $45 entrance for my wife (which included a free drink, a fur coat, and boots). On entering we realized that my wife had not been given the boots that she had paid for. We mentioned that to the bar staff, but they more or less just shrugged and ignored us...despite us asking multiple times. Poor! If only that was the end of the issues....Here are some of the other issues that we experienced:1) Believe the reviews - the ice bar is much smaller than you imagine. There are some ice sculptures around and some different seating sections, but on the whole it's a very small place and doesn't live up to the advertising.2) The place was completely empty at 10pm!  Oh my...so awkward. I could not believe it when we walked into the bar and saw no other customers :( There is no way to see the bar before you go in, so we did not know it was deserted. When we asked the lady at the bar, she said that it gets busy later in the evening. Hmm...as far as I can tell from the reviews and photos, it's very common for there to only be one or two couples inside. Not exactly humming.3) The fact that the place is empty would be far less awkward if the bar staff were sociable and friendly. Oh...my...god! the blonde lady we had at the bar was so unfriendly. She didn't want to chat, she didn't want us to ask her any questions (every question we asked was met with a painful silence before each answer), and she didn't do ANYTHING to make our experience more enjoyable. Horrible, just horrible and totally undeserving of any tip (we left a small one, regardless).The only good point I want to mention is the photographer. He comes in once you have your drinks in hand and takes a few pictures that you can purchase later. He offers direction and asks you to go to certain areas of the ice room + make certain poses that will look good on camera. It's worth mentioning that the ice bar doesn't allow you to take electronics inside (preventing you from taking your own photos and forcing you to pay for the ones that the photographer takes if you want a memoir). While I don't like this sales tactic, the photographer was a nice guy and about 10,000x more charismatic than the lady at the bar, so he was a welcome relief. Thanks!All in all - very disappointing. Trust me, I really really wanted to like this place, but it's expensive, small, lacking life, and with mostly (except the photographer) terrible staff. If you really really want to visit an ice bar in Las Vegas, here is my advice:1) Go to the Mandalay Bay Minus 5 Ice Lounge, not the Monte Carlo one. I haven't been to the Mandalay Bay one...but ithe reviews are better and hopefully you will get better staff.2) If the lady at the bar is to be believed, go later (after midnight) rather than earlier.3) Go in a large group if you can, so that in the worst case scenario  there will be at least a few people in the bar! 4) Just pay for the $15 general admission....don't bother with the other packages.
3	I've been wanting to go to an ice bar FOREVER!  I was so excited when I found out that there was an ice bar in our hotel (Monte Carlo).  This place is pricey (no shit.  Its a gimmick and its in Vegas), but I didn't mind too much.We paid for the basic package: $15 for a coat and gloves.  After locking away all of our electronics (so they weren't "liable" for any damage, but really so they could sucker us into buying a $20 picture), we went inside to take some pictures and drink some booze.  The booze was $10/"cocktail" which was really half a shot of SKYY vodka and a bunch of juice.  It got a little cold after awhile (those gloves were crap, btw) so we left after half an hour or so.  The staff wasn't very attentitve, and I got pissed off that they wouldn't give us a free shot (even though I told her that I saw her add about the happy hour special).  What a beezy.
3	Experience 5 stars, drinks' strength is 1 but taste was 5 so overall 3. People in there were nice. Things were really cool being all ice. But it's really small and the people in there were cool.. Overall a great experience :). Especially when you can escape the crazy 100+ degree heat!but don't expect a hip vegas lounge...and don't even try to pick anyone  up...there are very few women, and those that are here are all covered up in coats...Definitely worth it for the experience but way too pricey to go to again...would rather go to a different lounge o and no where to dance (since it's all ice lol).
2	If you run across a 2 for one or perhaps even a free entry offer then I suppose it can be a somewhat fun waste of 15-20 minutes. If not, then find other places to spend $25 bucks per person (entry $15, free fruity shot, and a $10 weak drink). The dull parka and cheap mittons they provide could pass as something one finds in a thrift store. On that note wait for a cold winter night buy a bottle of ripple and drink it in the 7-11 parking lot you'll save 20 bucks.
1	Terrible. Very small, crappy drinks, the only attraction is the interesting setting but they don't even let you bring your phone or camera inside so they can force you to buy a crappy twenty dollar photo they take of you. Not worth it at all.
3	It's cool to go one time. Paid $15 for an ugly coat and some black boots. The inside was like being in a movie. Everything is ice inside, so it's FREEZING! You can survive without freezing over for about 15 minutes. I enjoyed the experience, but I'm glad we didn't pay $45 for the cooler furry jackets because your not even aloud to take pictures inside. You have to buy theirs for $20. Expensive, but great to try one time for the experience. I had to take my beer to go, cuz it was too cold to drink out of my ice cup in minus 5 degrees.
2	Argh. Groan. Kind of a waste of money. My feelings about the ice bare are all over the place honestly. I'm going to with 2 stars, because even though I thought it was "okay" it still isn't that entertaining.But... It's an experience I can tick off my list at least! I went with a group of four and we all purchased the $15 general admission - jacket and gloves. When we got in it was empty! There were only a few people in there. Mind you, this was a Friday night on Halloween weekend! So we got free shots (poor, watered down) and took some pictures. You have to deposit your cameras and cell phones into a locker outside before you go in. That's so they can rape you with the prices of purchasing the pictures THEY take of you. As if it isn't already overpriced to be paying $15 to go freeze and look at ice.I mean, it's a cool thing to do if you have the money to throw around, but if you just want to get drunk and party - go elsewhere! Also, make sure you go with a big group, you'll have a better time.
2	This place is alright- it's cool to try once in your life but I don't know if it begs for a repeat visit. My buddies and I snagged 2-for-1 coupons so we basically got in for half price. We went in the afternoon so the place was pretty dead (2 or 3 other groups in there) and I don't even know if there was music playing at all. I wonder what it is like at night. The lack of a crowd was pretty cool though because we got to try out every spot in the place and joke around with the bartender who was awesome. I'll probably only go back if I get in for free or something. If you do go, try a shot from the ice luge- that thing is pretty fun- and just know there are no pictures allowed. You can buy photos outside. Not sure of the individual prices, but you can get 4 5x7's for $40 or $50.
2	Pretty lame.It's Sunday night and I'm walking on the Strip, dressed up and looking for some good trouble to get into. Walking through the Monte Carlo, I come to Minus 5. On the outside, it seems like a fun idea, renting a fur coat and mittens and drinking out of shot glasses made of ice. So I get in and....wait for it....IT'S PRETTY MUCH EMPTY! There were 5 other people in there. The Good: Well, I decide to go to the bar and get a couple of shots. The shots were included in the admin price. The shots were yummy and it was cool to drink out of those ice shot glasses. The Bad: There was also an obnoxious photographer in there taking pictures and trying to make you look like you are having a good time when I really wasn't. After drinking and sitting around on the fur pelts, I left. I don't even think I spent 30 minutes in there. It's a cool concept but if there were more people in there to mingle with, it would have been worth it.
3	It was early afternoon so it was understandably empty. There was one group in one corner. Then a couple came and sat in my area. Cool conversation. I wasn't there to pick up on anyone anyway. Loved the temp and the ambience. Can easily imagine the place being crowded at night. I've always wanted to go inside the freezer at Red Square in Mandalay Bay but I'm not into champagne and caviar. Minus 5 was just the right atmosphere. And, supposedly, the Minus 5 in Mandalay Bay also has an outdoor section. Too bad they were closed this week.Basic cover charge is $15 for a coat and gloves (which were useless for me). A $10 drink isn't bad but the ice "glasses" should be bigger. They're about the size of a martini. Beer is a less expensive option if you don't mind paying $7 for a half can of Miller Lite. Still, I'd go back with a fun group. Vegas is what you make of it.
2	My friends and I decided to check this place out because it was nothing I have ever experienced before. It is an interesting experience. To begin with they have promoters offering free shots for your whole party, which is how they get you. They charge you 15 dollars to go into this lounge which is basically a big freezer. The admission includes a coat, boots, and gloves. If you get the more expensive admission, it includes a cap and a fur coat. Either way, I feel like it was a waste of money. They make you leave your phone and all cameras outside. They use their own photographer to take pictures, which they charge about 20 dollars per picture. Rip Off! Me and my friends go into the lounge on a Saturday night, and it was NOT packed. There were only two groups of people and it was like a total of 10 people in there. The whole concept is interesting, the drinks came in an ice cup and were super cold. The drinks were tasty but they were not strong at all. We stayed for maybe about an hour before it got way too cold and we left. Overall, I have had a great experience and a good time, but I don't think I will be coming back
3	Do it right. Go for the mink coats and the awesome photo op!! LOL. This is a fun lil spot at the MC.  This spot is a giant block of ice, hollowed out for your enjoyment. You get a locker once you've paid your admission. There is a photographer who takes your picture and all that, for the whole experience. There are different leuves and sculptures. They give you a "free" shot with your paid admission of $15.  And really, this spot is a waste of money but what in Vegas isn't. At least it's a lil fun and a new experience
4	While I could only take the cold for about 25 minutes, I had such a blast here! It really is one of those things that you just need to go and experience for yourself as pictures don't really do it justice. It is much smaller than I thought it would be but we were greeted with a free shot (although NOT in an ice glass, which I pointed out to the bartender and she told me since they always give them out it would be too costly to make ice shot glasses...boo) and the drinks were fantastic. I had an apple-martini-like beverage and enjoyed it...although it made me get colder, faster. I was going to opt for the fur and to get the hat, etc. but when I thought about it I knew I wouldn't be able to take the cold for that long so I did the $15 entry along with the rest of my group and we were all satisfied. Besides, Vegas isn't that cold and then you'd have to carry around a hat the rest of the night! Like other reviewers said, you have to stick all of your electronics in a locker so of course my group ended up purchasing photos--but I will say their photographer was really good and the pics came out perfect that she took! Also, I'd like to remind you guys to tip your bartender--those girls stay in there for 8-hour shifts with only a lunch break!There are two Minus 5 ice bars along the strip and if you get a chance I would check it out! Beware though--the fur on the ice benches are wet!
1	what irony that they call this place minus 5, since that is the number of stars I would like to give it.  before you go in (but after you pay), they tell you to take out all your electronics and put it into a locker because "it will freeze and mess up your phones/cameras."  when you get in, you see a guy with a nice SLR taking pictures of everyone, trying to get them to do funny/provocative poses so that they will want to buy the pictures later.  To Minus 5 management:  if you don't want people to take pictures so you can sell your own pictures to them, just be up front about it so they can take that into consideration before paying the $15 entrance fee.  at least that way people won't feel gypped.  yes, there are nice ice sculptures and ice glasses, including a ice table and ice blocks with Jabbawockeez masks frozen inside them.  there's also an ice throne and some ice couches to sit on, and a nice 2D ice rose.  but the whole point of paying the admission price was to see the novelty of the ice things and take some pictures, which, unfortunately through their business practices, are depriving the customer of.  otherwise, it's just a bar where people drink alcohol, which is not worth the $15 admission price.
2	Over priced, hype, not enough people. Although, me and my group had a great time because we messed with the staff and walked in already hammered. So, it's all good I guess. Don't waste your time.
3	One of my friends had heard of this place so we thought we'd check it out.  A Yelp tip said to check in for a discount, but there wasn't one when I checked in.  The guy who worked there told me to try foursquare, but that didn't work either.  After I told him I tried checking in on both, he just gave the 4 of us a 20% off discount.We were given a coat and gloves and were led into the ice room.  It was so much smaller than I expected.  Cameras aren't allowed so there's a photographer who takes pictures if you want.  There's not too much space to sit down and basically you have a drink for the novelty of it and it's about $10 a drink.  It is kinda cool to have a drink in an ice glass.  Few things to remember though, hold your drink from the bottom, don't set it down on ice, etc.. We were bored after our drinks were done.When you come out, everyone is looking at their pictures so it takes a while to get out.  They sell some souvenirs such as clothing but they are extremely expensive.  Also, we found the pictures to be terrible quality.Cool 15 mins. experience, but after entrance fee and drinks, definitely not worth the price... even with a discount.
3	It's a place to go once, and only once.  I declined the furry coat as soon as I felt the nappy hair on it, clean parkas are fine with me.  The place was empty so I couldn't think of it as an actual bar to hang out at.  The novelty wore off pretty quickly, although, I had to do the shot luge.  I went on my actual birthday so they poured half the bottle of blood orange vodka down the slope!  Thankfully, I didn't drown and got warm instantly!  The pics came out nicely and we took advantage of the buy two get one free deal.  Overall, it's just a low-key Vegas bucket list item.
3	It was ok. Nice concept but it took 30.00 to get in and then your kind of commited to stay and get your moneys worth.
4	This bar is so much fun! It's different than any other bar that I've been to. It's a little pricey, but worth it!  It's $15 just to get in, but they give you a token for a free shot. You can choose a parka or to pay more for a faux fur coat. Inside it's freezing, but you get warm after a shot or two. Everything is made of ice and there's a photographer inside to take pictures, since you have to leave all valuables and cell phones in a locker. When you leave you get to see the pictures that the photographer took and you have options to buy them. It was great, I can't wait to go back next time we're here!
4	This is a do-not miss experience in Vegas.  So completely random, to sit in a fancy-schmancy block of ice, drinking cocktails.All the staff we encountered, from the front desk, to the bartender, to the photographer, were all very helpful and friendly.  There are various packages to choose from - my husband and I went with the basic (I think it was about $20 per person).  You get a parka and gloves, and a free house shot.  Other specialty drinks can be purchased separately, and you can also purchase an upgrade package, if you'd like to wear a fur coat and boots into the lounge.Minus 5 is actually -5 degrees Celsius, so about 20 degrees Fahrenheit.  It's not nearly as cold as the name Minus 5 would lead you to believe.  But it is chilly.  I maxed out at about 1/2 hour.So much fun; highly recommended.
4	This review is for the one located at the Monte Carlo, it's newer than the one at Mandalay Bay hotel (I believe). I was torn with giving this place 3-star or 4-star, I ended up deciding to give them a 4-star rating because of the cool novelty concept of the place, but there are a few downsides that I will highlight that almost earned them a 3-star from me. This place is a lot smaller than from the pictures of what I've seen of the one at Mandalay, but either way you can't hang in there for hours so it doesn't matter. But I do like the fact their pricing is different than the Mandalay Bay one from what I saw on their website a year or two ago. Prior at the Mandalay you had to pay like ~$40 for entrance, clothing gear and 2 drink passes. Granted since it comes with the 2 drinks, it probably is still a good deal, but since I don't really drink anymore I'd rather just go in and check it out. The one at Monte Carlo on the other hand has an admission only price of $15 which of course comes with the clothing gear, but we also got a free shot pass. So for me, the admission-only price is way more economical since I merely wanted to go in and check it out and you have the option if you want to drink for the novelty of it inside. Another downside is they don't allow any cameras, phones or electronics inside. And I thought it was because the coldness might ruin the electronics, nope it was so you can't take any pictures and be forced to buy from them. They have a photographer that takes pictures of you and your friends in front of "picture areas" like the Las Vegas sign, in front of the Minus 5 sign, and other cheesy areas. But you can always hollar for the photographer to come by and take requested poses or locations inside, so that's good at least. But another sucky part about purchasing their photos is they don't give you the DIGITAL files, and their printer SUCKS. The pictures come out somewhat dark and color is off. C'monn guys burn to a CD/DVD for peeps! Other than that it's pretty cool inside, haha literally cool. We were probably there for half an hour maybe a little more. But you can't hang out forever in there which is probably why they need to make their money off of the photos. Our husbands ordered drinks from bar with the ice cups, which is a novelty but neat nonetheless. They have faux fur lining the benches inside so you can sit on them and not freeze your booty off. Also, Everyone is super friendly working there! Overall a good experience, I'm glad I did it. They just need to work on other things like either giving people digital files or allowing people to bring in cameras. Or getting a better PRINTER!
1	Skip it cost 50 bucks and u can't take pictures they take your camera and phone...
4	This is definitely a unique vegas spot, something everyone should try at least once. Took my brother and my girlfriend here on our last vegas trip and was able to handle about 2 hours inside the cold. Girls- dress warm, not cute. You will freeze if you come in a black dress. Guys- drink some beforehand. The drinks are good and strong, but you don't feel them as much because you're freezing your ass off. Fun place with a great staff
5	This place is one of the coolest places in Vegas! We had been planning a trip to Vegas for months now and this bar was one of the places we had the highest hopes for......it did not let us down. The majority of the reason this visit was so great was because of our bartender Sonya. Everybody was super friendly, but she was probably the coolest person working there. As soon as we walked in, we handed her our drink coupons and within seconds we were sippin our drinks. Nothing but smiles on her end. She made great small talk and seemed legitimately interested in our conversation. Later on we came back to the bar to see Sonya and there was a very drunk guy giving her a hard time. I was very impressed by how patient and accommodating she was. He was so rude, there's no way I could have been as nice as her. All in all it was a great experience. I bought so many pictures, they were fairly pricey, but definitely worth the memories. Unfortunately, I lost them later on in the trip, but I was very happy to know that the website saves archives of the photos online and you can order them later.....I will definitely be ordering some more. Thanks a lot Sonya! You made our experience a great one!
3	Surprisingly a good experience. I was hesitant when I first heard about this but was actually really fun. 1. There is an "entrance" fee. I went with just the basic entrance fee which was 15 dollars. Other options were for a fur coat (really nasty looking and looked a lot dirtier than the parkas) and 2 drinks. Eh wasn't worth it for me. If your wearing flip flops they will give you their FUgg boots with booties. People wearing shoes...they don't offer their boots.2. Go with a good sized group of people. I went with a group of 8 and it was amazing. Going as a couple would be fun but a little awkward since the place is actually SMALLER than you may think.3. Can not bring phones or cameras. They want to make money so they have a photographer taking pictures of everyone. We took advantage of the poor guy. Making him snap about 20-30 photos of just our group. To buy pictures they were about 20 dollars each... Ouch!4. Sculptures were pretty. You can take shots out of the boob sculpture (really funny). They have a weird aquarium with FAKE jelly fish in them, not sure why.Overall just do it people! It may be a little pricey but it's an experience you can tell people about and you have to admit... Is actually pretty cool ;)
5	Okay, I was dying to go here.  I saw something on TV mentioning the Minus 5 Ice Lounge and instantly knew that I had to go.  At the time I saw the ad, I knew I was going to Las Vegas within the next month or so and made it a key point to go.When you go, you pay for an entry fee which is approximately $15 (includes rental of boots, coat, and gloves) or so and then you can get drink packages.  My boyfriend and I got the two drinks package which was $36 apiece that included the $15 entry fee plus two drinks and a free shot of their house shot.  When we got in there, there were some other people in there who had their free shot tokens that were pretty inebriated so they gave us their free shot token.  Score!  So, we basically had 3 shots a piece plus the two drinks.  Suddenly, the minus 5 temperature wasn't that cold.  But, I digress.Everything is in ice minus the floors.  The bar itself, the glasses, seating, walls.  They even had a little jellyfish aquarium.  Super awesome.Most of the drinks were vodka based with Skyy Vodka.  I did have a rum and coke, but that was my only real option with rum.  Okay with me!Since you have two drinks, most people don't stay that long.  We stayed a while because when am I really going to experience this again?  They don't allow electronics in the bar so you get a locker to put your cell phone and camera in.  They do have a photographer in there taking photos.  Those photos are $20 a pop and since we had a "few", we got two photos an one for free.  The photos are also posted online as well.While the place is pricey, it's amazingly fun and quite an experience.  So, I say fork over the cash!
3	This place is alright.  Its a little gimmicky, but I'm glad I went once.  Dressing up in the fur coats and getting glasses made of ice was really cool.  I wasn't cold at all, but my wife was.  the thing that kept me from staying, was the really sugary drinks.  I didn't ask if they had sugar free mixers, but after 2 drinks I couldn't get another one so we left.  Throughout the casino, you can usually find people handing out coupons for a free shot at this place, I suggest finding one of these.  Overall it was a really fun one time experience, but I wouldn't go back.
5	This place is flat out cool. Drinks are running you $10 bucks a pop (selection is limited), and cover is $17. I would say that is about standard maybe even less than what you are paying in Vegas.Most people don't stay in the bar for too long, we stayed in for about an hour and a bit. Everything is ice except the floor.I'm not going to go on about how good the drinks are etc, because they are decent. For the location they could serve much worse and people would still go. It's a touristy spot and I don't feel like they are taking advantage of that.The only downfall is no cameras or cellphones in there. What can you do though? Makes the ice bar almost a myth to your friends who didn't come with you.
1	Creative concept - everything is made of ice, even the glasses! But the $17 admission fee is unnecessary and the Skyy Vodka drinks are overpriced. If robbing you of $17 wasn't enough Minus 5 is equipped with their own cameramen since patrons are not allowed to bring in cellphones or cameras and are forced to buy photo packages if they want to have any tangible memory of their Minus 5 experience.    Bar is super small and empty - maybe everyone else was smart enough to stay away!
5	Totally worth the money to go in.  We got this free shot coupon, so i got a free shot, but honestly, if you pay the 30-somewhat dollars, you get 2 free drinks.  It's the same amount or LESS if you go to any other vegas club, but at least here, you get the experience. Man, I love this place and I'm so glad I went.  I wanted to do something different and more low key since the night before I was at XS gangnam stylin' it wayyyyy too hard (hey, gotta represent my peoples, no matter how embarrassing it is to show the world that you know the wholeeeeee dance...and the lyrics) So this was the perfect spot! They give you gloves, jackets and booties to go in, and if you're a big guy (or girl) they got jackets big enough for you too! But it's cold but i liked the cold so I took off my jacket at some point... they serve you in these clear ice cups and it's awesome. try not to drink your drink without tonguing the glass beforehand... it's nearly impossible. The place is small, but i really enjoyed the place, especially since it was summer and i had a nice cool place. It's definitely an experience! I'm not sure if i'd come here again because it's such a unique experience, but I recommend anyone to come out and at least try it.
5	This place is RAD.  I don't care what anyone else says about the prices, etc.  I think it's worth the experience.I really didn't know what I was in for when I was given my coat, gloves, and boots.  I just knew that it was going to be cold.  Really cold.  We go inside, and literally everything was made of ice.  The chairs, the tables, the bars, the glasses.  There was friendly bartender working in there (poor guy has to be in here for 7 hours straight), and he happily fixed us each a drink.  They tell you to pick up your glass with two hands because if you don't, you'll knock it right over.  My dad found this out the hard way (he was fixed another drink)!  We were only able to stay in here for about 30 minutes before my hands started to get sore from the cold.  Luckily, the photographer came through beforehand to snap some photos of us before we left.  I wish I could have stayed in there longer!  I would definitely go back again just because it's such a cool (haha) and unique bar.Not to mention, it's nice to get out of the Vegas heat!
3	Such a cooool bar. We got in for free thanks to the MyVegas game on Facebook. Lisa C and I have been playing those games to get the points. Definitely worth it in my opinion. We got 2 tickets + 2 free drinks ($40 value) for free. So with both facebook accounts we got 4 tickets + 4 drinks. Not too shabby! The only thing is that the check in didn't know about the MyVegas thing so that caused a bit of a confusion and hiccup.Going in it was cold as expected, and the drinks were pretty good. I got a Mojito which was very tasty. I liked the ice cups and I can see that this place would be super popular when it is 110 degrees outside. The only complaint I have is that the photographers didn't take that good of a job on photos and they force you to buy a photo since there are no cameras allowed in. The cost for a photo was $20 and it was printed on very cheap material. Would I go back? Probably not for the price but for free yes.
2	$17 pp just to get inside.  NO phones or cameras allowed inside! Drinks are VERY small (one shot) and are $10 a piece. If you're here it's definitely for the "experience" of saying you were here.  They have a photog who will take pics inside...then try to upsell you as you leave for $20 a piece. I won't be back.
1	This PLACE IS A TOTAL TOURIST TRAP!!!- They charge you minimum $17 to enter. - They MAKE you place your cameras, phones, and electronics in their lockers. THEN tell you they ARE NOT LIABLE for the valuable items you placed in their MANDATORY lockers. This all to prevent you from taking photos inside, so they can charge you $20 for a picture that their grumpy and very BAD photographer will take.- One of the ladies in our party got RUFIED by the very grumpy angry FEMALE bartender. This was the only place she had a drink, and then went missing for apx 3 hours before she came to on the streets of Las Vegas. We later found her with the help of security.ALL in ALL, this place will ICE RAPE and RUFI you, possibly loose your valuable cameras, phones, and electronics, ALL for a RIDICULOUS price. TOTALLY UBSURB. STAY FAR FAR AWAY!!!
3	Definitely a unique experience and worth it to do it once. Maybe that's why everything is so expensive, because you don't revisit this place. The drinks are pretty small and super sweet, so make sure to ask for something off of their speciality drink menu. The bartender was really rude, maybe because it was empty and he was sitting in a freezer. After a few rude comments back to him, he seemed to get the picture and was a little nicer to us. Then, I purchased the $20 photos and was yelled out for taking a pic of it with my cell phone, seriously?! Definitely had my fill of the novelty and won't go back.
3	A very cool novelty experience for a short period of time. The ice sculptures and walls or ice are very unique. However, once inside, there is nothing to do. Unless you go in a group, you will quickly get bored and leave. Maybe that's the business model? Drink up and leave. The place is tiny, there is only a small assortment of fruity (and small) drinks at $10 each, and the novelty quickly wears off when you get bored and cold.
5	Before you hit the club or bar scene a trip to Minus5 is a must.  This hotspot is fun and photo worthy but no need to bring your cameras; there is a professional photographer waiting inside for your very own photo shoot. Established in New Zealand, everything inside this place is made of Canadian Ice.   From the bars to the walls to the shot glasses and the sculptures are changed every 6-8 weeks!  My parents came along at the last minute and were a little leery upon arrival.  The second they were given a fur coat, gloves and a pair of Uggs they started to get into the theme.  We had a great time inside, taking photos with every sculpture and toasting to the cold temperature with our vodka based cocktails!  I have been to other ice bars before and was blown away by this experience, nothing could compare.  The staff also made the experience with their great attitudes and hospitality.  I couldn't imagine being a bartender there and standing inside a frozen bar for 8 hours, they are the real deal!  Don't forget your pictures before you leave, they can print them right then and there for you.
4	Experience worth the price. Drinks are served in cups carved out if ice. They tell you to use both hands for a reason; almost dropped mine just picking it up off the bar. And don't chew your glass, it will break. Boyfriend found this out the hard way (don't think he appreciated me laughing for about 5 minutes) but the bartender was nice enough to fill up his glass a bit to make up for what he spilled on his jeans. They don't allow you to bring in your cell phone so you have to buy their pictures which kind of sucked but they take good pictures. Staff was very friendly.
3	Very cool - LOL The whole place is made up of ice - walls, bars, decorations, sculptures, seating, table - yes fairly cold. It was worth the extra money to go with the package that included the fur coat, hat (that you keep) and drink.
2	Ehh..... The thought of a bar with the name Minus 5 Ice Lounge sounds cool but in reality, it was way under what my expectations were. After arriving in Vegas after a 10 hr drive (stopped by Ktown in LA) from San Francisco, we were ready to start drinking!! A friend of ours had recommend this place to try. The cool thing about this place is that they give you jackets to wear since its cold. That's all about the positives about this place.The price of admission is $17 and if you want a drink, $20 more for a total of $37. Well if your in Vegas, you might as well spend, so the 5 of us each paid $37 for  a total of $185. The place was way smaller than I expected, it was literally just one small room. The drinks also were super watered down. For what I paid, I could have got 2x fat Tuesdays and it would have still been cheaper than entering this place. Although the thought of going to one of this places was cool, it felt like a total ripoff
4	Okay, here's the deal about this place.  It's a tourist spot, someplace you go when you're on vacation and want a novel experience.  It's not someplace you frequent for drinks every weekend.  It's a cool experience.  You get to wear these gigantic coats, gloves and hats and hang out in the frozen bar for an hour or so.  Inside there, everything is frozen, made of ice, and is kind of cool to experience.  You sit on ice benches (lined with fur), drink out of ice cups and chill out for a bit.  Here's the money trap. You don't get to bring your cell phones or cameras inside.  They have a photographer inside that takes all your pics, then you have to pay for them.  Like I said, it's a novel touristy thing to do when you're on vacation. It's definitely an experience you should do once.
4	This bar is expensive! I used My Vegas rewards for free admission for 2. Admission is $17.00. Also they were handing out  vouchers for 2 free shots! It was worth the experience. We were given parkas and gloves ( I did not like the gloves). No cell phones or cameras are allowed. I had to put my purse in a locker. Regular shoes on so I did not need to use their boots. As you may have read from numerous reviews everything is made of ice, even the glass that holds your drink and the bar, seats etc. This is a tourist attraction, but so is just about everything else in Vegas. Beautiful ice sculptures and cool ambiance lighting. Fur pelts to sit on the ice chairs to keep you warm. Mellow background music at just the right volume. A nice retreat from the Vegas heat. Tasty fruity drinks. They are about $10.00 per drink.We had a great time. Bad points are the flimsy rough textured gloves they give you to wear, not being able to use my cell phone. I made the mistake of holding my glass. It started melting and made my hands cold through the flimsy gloves. That is partially my fault for not using the coaster. This is a place you should at least go once for the experience.
5	Go to the Minus 5 ice bar in Monte Carlo!!! Chris the bartender is great!!!!! Best place to visit in Vegas!!!!
3	Tourist trap..are you kidding....I have to put my stuff in a locker....then get ripped off....I only came here cause a clients wife whined to do so....I am no sucker...what a waste of money...I happen to love artic temps.....but I prefer to be at Nics Martini in Beverly Hills inside of their vodka freezer....My first and I promise only time here....though I will say I enjoyed the ice glasses....
4	Probably the most expensive bar I've ever been to. If it's the experience you want, and bragging rights, then by all means you should try it out. However, my total tab was nearly $85 dollars and all I was able to have were 2 drinks and funny eccentric conversations with Canadian expats living in Texas. This is not to say that I did not enjoy my time here, but if I'm going to throw down $85 dollars, that liquor had better be flowing! Per rules and regulations, no cameras or phones were allowed, so I had to put my iPhone in a locker. This is mainly because Minus 5 wants to profit off of any photos taken there and so if you want a memento of some kind, you had to fork over more cash to do so for a photographer to take your picture. I agreed to have a photo taken, but on one condition. You see, the photographer that night was a smokin' hot chick! I told the bartender that if I could get a picture with her, I'll gladly pay for the photo. Needless to say, they made it happen! Since I reached my 2-drink limit fast and the vibe began to die down after and hour or two, I left to continue my bar hopping. Overall a great and memorable experience, but at a high cost.
3	Spendy activity, but it's worth it for once in your lifetime kind of thing...We came here for the night before our wedding day and it was pretty fun. The actual ice bar was pretty small compared to what I imagined. It was fun to drink cocktails in ice glasses. We had a great time chit chatting and froze our butts off.The only issue was the photographer of this ice bar. She was very demanding and insisted on taking our pictures more than we would like it. It made the whole experience was not as fun as we would like it to be.Anyway, we had a great time, but it will be just one time visit to the ice bar.
4	For starters, you're in Vegas so you're going to have to spend some money.  Entrance is $17 per person, luckily I found a Groupon for 2 for $17.  Even if you were to pay regular admission, when are you gonna get a chance to go into a bar made entirely of ice?  The drinks are also expensive ($10 each) but drinks are pretty expensive everywhere anyway.  If you don't want to buy drinks inside then definitely pregame.  It is actually very quiet inside. Me and my wife just sat there and talked which wasn't bad because I love her to death but this isn't a place to party it up.  We were only inside for about 30 mins because there's really nothing to do but hey it was an experience that not a lot of people will get to do.Downside: you can't take your phone or any other miscellaneous items inside, they must go in a locker. No phone = no pictures but they do take pictures of you inside.  They're not cheap but if they take a good one you might as well buy it, we did.  I wanted something to commemorate the experience and all the other souvenirs were too damn expensive.If you're passing through I say you might as well go just to be able to say you've been to an ice bar but I wouldn't go out of my way or make it my mission to get here.
3	Minus 5 is a fun idea.  It's a bar that's completely made of ice.  Ice walls, ice sculptures, ice tables, ice chairs, and shot glasses that are made of ice.  To keep you warm, they'll rent you out a jacket with the cost of admission.  The cost is $18 and it costs more if you want a fur coat with hat.  The drinks were vodka based and strong.  Mine tasted a little like cough syrup.  Not the tastiest mixes on the strip, but our bartender was funny and entertaining.  It's also worth noting that they renovate the place with new sculptures every season.They have a location at Monte Carlo and at Mandalay Bay.  If you're planning to come here, keep your eye out for coupons offering a free shot.
4	What a cheesy place to get liquored up at!I didn't think the drinks were very good, but three in, decided they were much better! Love that you can rent a nice fur coat instead of the tacky black overcoat looking ones. Had a great time here, Met some really great people . Came here three times over the 5 days at Hotel 32 and loved it.Staff  is really great. Do not try to smuggle in your cell phone They have a professional photographer on staff to take pics, She;s very creative and they turned out great!
5	this place is awesome. it's definitely worth the experience. bf saw it on the travel channel and suggest that we try it out. there was 3 of us, we got 2 of the $37 plus the $17 entry fee.  the $37 comes with the parka, gloves and boots, plus admission and 1 drinks. we were also given 3 house drinks for free. though, we didn't stay for long but it was definitely interesting. would definitely go back!
1	Easily the biggest waste of money in Las Vegas, and that's saying a lot for a town that's built on people wasting money.  It's an expensive freezer that serves expensive drinks.  Yippee!!  But hey!  At least they let you borrow a coat!  Seriously, go ride the roller coaster at New York New York for about the same cost.  Truly a pathetic experience.
1	Walked into this place and it seemed fun. Everything made of ice, bar tender looked like she was about frozen. Went to pull a table closer to where we were going to sit and a chunk and the bottom broke off. Suddenly this guy with a Napoleon complex comes out of nowhere screaming about how I owe them $200 because I broke their new ice sculpture table. He then says they have had it a few months. Then says it's new again. I say I don't want to pay him the $200 that it costs new. He says if I don't, "Security is right outside and they'll take care of you." Cool. Nothing like being threatened because you accidentally broke a used table made of ice. The staff couldn't wait to tell me Napoleon's name was Landon Longoria...after about half the people in the place left in disgust at what had just transpired. There are a million good bars in Las Vegas. Don't waste your time here.
2	This place is not worth the money! For $17 entry fee I expected this place to be a lot bigger. It is literally the size of a standard hotel room, minus the bathroom-no joke! They do not allow you to bring your own camera in so that they can further rip you off with being forced to buy photos from them professionally. I understand some prefer professional photos but you should be given the option at least to take a few of your own pictures. Ridiculous! I know everything in Vegas is super over priced but this experience was the most disappointing for me. I would advise saving your money. Total bummer!
1	This is not a place to have fun.You have to leave any cameras/phones in a locker, and pay $17 to wear a shabby coat inside a small freezer room where, omg, the seats and tables are made of ice.  You are allowed to sit and be cold, but trying to interact in pretty much any other way with the surroundings will get you yelled at.  I mean seriously, we were chastised for dropping the coasters off the table.  There's no dancing/music, no other people having a good time wanting to mingle, and the drinks were literally juice out of a carton mixed with some alcohol.After going here, you might try to justify it to yourself, might even try to tell others that it was a unique and interesting experience.  But let's not spread lies people.  It's a tourist trap, plain and simple.
4	This is definitely one of those places you come to say you have and never really come back again. The entrance fee of $17 will get you one shot. After that? You're splurging for drinks starting at $10. Drinks were good, but nothing special though it really did hit me after I walked out. My sister and I also did a birthday shot from an ice woman's boobs... only in Vegas right?The cool thing about this place was drinking out of ice cups and sitting on ice. Since we came during the afternoon, it was practically empty so we sat in every room (even though nothing really changes). The guy who works the bar is also the photographer who comes around taking pictures of your group. I would suggest already wearing layers. While the coat helps, it can still get pretty cold. I'm amazed that my friends and I lasted about 1.5 hours in there (the guy was making fun that we come from sunny San Diego... proved you wrong!), but most people stay about 15 minutes to finish their drinks and leave.
2	Wife's b day and she saw this on tanked, we both wanted to see the jellyfish tank so we went, $70 to get in with a couple drinks is steep and the place is very small. Cool that everything is made of ice, even the drink glasses but nothing to do really and the jellyfish tank wasn't there? The bar tender said it was only there for 3 months? Oh well, we just wasted $70 and a half hour. Won't be back.
3	Maybe 3.5 starsCame here to chill (literally) hahahha because it was something different from the other bars - everything is made out of ice! From the seats, to the chandeliers to the cups you drink in - all ice!I got a fur coat, which I don't know if it actually kept you warmer than the other jacket that they had, but paired with my puffer jacket, there was no complaints that it was cold. And the gloves they lend you are amazing. My hands didn't get cold that fast from holding my ice cup. I think a shot is included with your admission of $17 (but we got ours comped)! There were about 5 choices of mixed drinks which my group pretty much tried all of them and though most of them were pretty good, they weren't very strong ($10) and they put in one of their ice cups which doesn't hold to much.We had fun going from room to room though just hanging out and admiring the ice furniture. The bartender also doubled as a photographer and was super nice in taking all the photos we want (they don't let you take cameras in there).My sister and I also got birthday shots from the ice girl's boobs at the bar ($10 a shot!)We lasted a lot longer than the bartender though (we told him we were from SD and he didn't think we were gonna last long at all). Most people drank their drinks, took a few pictures and just left. I think we were there for at least an hour! Overall, I like the novelty of the place. It's cool to go somewhere different, but there's really not much to do in there but drink, take pictures and sit, so I would recommend coming with some fun people, And it's cold so it's probably not going to be a full night event or anything. And everything is super pricey! But then again, I guess that's Vegas for you...
5	I give this place a 3-star because of how I felt. Minus 5 Ice Lounge is a pretty cool place to go. It is very interesting and absolutely loved the staff. The only thing I did not like is the cold. The place is pretty pricey to enter, as well as the drinks, however, I had an amazing time trying this place out. My favorite part is drinking cocktails from an ice glass. That was pretty awesome. I recommend this place to go with a lot of people. It is ok to go with one person, but I think to really enjoy the experience would be with people that you know will have a good time irregardless of the environment.
4	I had been wanting to check this place out for the longest time and i finally got the chance to go inside during my friend's bachelorette party. It was a $17 cover (came with the rental of a coat - not the nice fur coats - and boots). They did however give us a free house shot. I think the concept is awesome. Everything is made of ice. What I loved most was that your drinks are served in glasses made of ice. I tried the mojito which was delicious! Not sure if I would go back again, but I would say you have to try it at least once. Next time you're in Vegas, check it out.
5	So much fun and it was a great experience! Staff was very nice the bartender suggested drinks n shots, the photographer snapped our pics as we posed and danced.... It's a must see bar! Everything is made of ice except  the ceiling and floor. We all did the $55 package cause the fur coat makes the experience better and of course your pics will look much cooler.......
3	This bar had three dollar signs on Yelp and I think that is appropriate. It is pricey. There are different packages available to pay for. The option worth the lowest cost gives you use of a parka and boots. The next option up adds two drinks with your parka and boot rental. There are more options that give you a souvenir hat and fancy parka. These options are all over $50.After you select the option, you have to store your cameras and phones inside a locker. Then, you get dressed up with the proper cold weather gear and get escorted into the ice bar.When I walked into the ice bar, I was surprised at how small it was. There are only a few seating areas and one small bar. Since I selected the option with the two drinks, I tried two of the specialty cocktails. The drinks were tasty and served in ice cups. We only stayed for an hour because we got too cold. The parkas helped, but it's not enough to keep you warm for a long time.Overall, this was a really cool experience. I'm glad I tried it out, even if it was a bit pricey.
1	Wanted to try this place out with my hubby since it looked interesting and I want to try something different...well this was a HUGE disappointment!!! We paid $80 total to get in which included rental of coats and boots and gloves and 2 drinks each. We walked it and the place was super small and empty! The drinks were a joke!!! Alllll juice! We only lasted for maybe 10 minutes max cuz it is very cold and the gloves don't do crap. The cups are ice as well so you have to hold them with both hands so they don't fall. We ended up buying 2 patron shots just so we can feel a little buzzed so that was another $30! And they were so tiny that we didn't feel much! Very very disappointed! Please save your money! This was my biggest regret from our stay here on Vegas! :(
3	Minus 5 is definitely a unique experience but more of a one-time experience. First of all, there's a $17 cover just to get in. This includes the use of a parka, boots, and gloves. It kinda weirded me out to use stuff that a ton of other people had used before me but there's no avoiding it. There are also packages available that include drinks and/or the use of a fur coat. My friends and I decided to get the package that included cover and 2 drinks. The entire bar is made of ice, even the glasses. It was actually really cool, literally and figuratively! Since electronics are not allowed in the ice bar, they have a photographer taking pictures of your experience, available for purchase of course. The drinks are ok, not very strong but tasty. Overall, I had a fun time and probably won't go back but would definitely recommend it to others.
5	I had a Cool experience ! The fur coat kept me warm, just my hands were cold.. I wish I could have taken some of my own pics but they have an awesome photographer !
1	The used boots, gloves, and coats you have to wear are filthy and stink. I saw one of the workers spraying them down like shoes at a bowling alley.  Gross. The boots left a smear of grime on my leg. Gross, just gross. Everyone has to wear large man gloves in attempt to hold their iced cups, cool in concept, but pretty lame when they start dripping your over $10 weak drink everywhere. The ice architecture is cool, but not cool enough for the bad pours at the bar. I really can't say enough how much I hate this bar. You can't take your phones in, so enjoy being hassled to take $20 photos the entire time. Good luck not spilling your drink in the giant gloves, and have fun with your freezing hands after, which will constantly stick to the ice cup.
5	We had a blast at this location.  It wasn't too busy on a Wednesday night in February, so maybe that helped.  The hostess outside was great, and actually a lot of fun before we even got inside!  We chose the entry option that came with two cocktails.  I tried a couple of the specialties there, and wandered around checking out the architecture of the ice and the sculpting art that was throughout.  A lot of work!  The drinks were good, service was great.  The photog came around just a couple of times... Nothing invasive or pushy at all.We would have left after an hour but at that point we were the only customers inside and I noticed the bartender was wearing ear muffs... Stormtrooper ear muffs!  These appeared to be handmade and I just HAD to know where he got them.  We ended up chatting with him for another 40 minutes until more customers came in.We will be going back... They redo the decor every few months, so it will be something new to see by then.  Can't wait!
4	I definitely recommend doing this for the experience. It's something different. It's COOL (get it?) because your drinks come in ice glasses.I definitely recommend paying the entry fee ONLY. You won't want to stay long enough for that second drink (you just start getting really cold). It's not crowded by any means so make sure you're with some good company and it will be worth it !
3	The truth is that this is a serious tourist trap in the middle of a tourist trap. I was irked that I wasn't allowed to take my own photos because they want to sell me photos that the bar takes. Boo! I also, the enterance fee was a little too steep and the drinks a little too weak. I would have spent more time and money in there if I didn't feel taken from the get-go.I do admit that you should give it a try the one time. It is a fun experience and a great way to beat the Vegas heat. It is also interesting to consider how the place was built. I would go back, but only if someone tried to talk me into it.
1	Basically a very expensive photo op... No cameras or phones... Expensive drinks... Cheap coats... I won't go again.
4	Smaller than I thought it would be, but the bartender was funny and made the experience fun.  The photographer was good and took as many pictures as we wanted.  A little more expensive than I thought it would be but the drinks were really good.
4	I really like this place just for the experience. Like other yelpers have said, yes this is a " tourist trap", but it's so fun for the experience. Think about it this way, $37 for the coat, boots, ice experience + 2 drinks + 1 free house shot (we might be special) really isn't that bad. Why? Pretty sure if you go to Vegas clubs, you'll be spending that much for 3 drinks ALONE without that experience. It's -5 Celsius so really not that bad. Talk to the bartender -- he'll tell you really cool (pun intended) information about how they have to knock down the ice for maintenance, how everything is handcarved -- notice the detail on the whole place... it's amazing. The ice is crystal clear, carved beautifuly.. glasses made of ice. It was so much fun. Drinks are well made too -- it was sweet, delicious, but you could definitely taste the alcohol :) Not a place i would exactly go back to again, bc once you experience it once.. should be enough. But if a friend wanted to see it, I would totally go along with them!
2	I saw this place on the news and I was so hyped to try it out. Who would ever think that you would want to wear a fur coat during the summer in vegas.First off, no cell phones or electronic devices. .. boo. Basic entry is 17 but that doesn't include drinks, just entry and a jacket.  I recommend the 35 package which comes with 2 cocktails,  and 2 peach shots. Also, they have snow coat vs parka. For ladies, they will provide you with boots and socks.Once you walk in, I was like whoa for a minute.  After I realized the place is about 1000 sq ft, I was like, that's it? There is nothing to really see here, no sculpture,  no posters.  Pretty much you're in a giant igloo. I had suites bigger than this place.The drinks we tried were snowflake, sex on the beach, and an iceman, think cosmo but instead of cranberry,  raspberry. Overall, for 60 I was severely disappointed.  Like general akbar said in star wars.  IT'S A TRAP!
3	This place has a great concept but I guess being from Alaska this is just my average walk with my dog type of cold. I guess this can be impressive for someone who lives in a warm climate. I didn't like that you can't take pictures in here. This place is maybe 600 to 800 Sq ft? They play mostly 90s music. We got this deal on groupon and basically got two drinks each. We had our 2 drinks and left. I feel like there were too many rules with the cups (made of ice) and the bar tender made a point to place them on a specific spot and was obsessed with them. I guess this is cool to go once or maybe with a good group of friends. Honestly it felt like maybe 30 degrees. I can just go home and do this in my own back yard without all the crazy cup rules.
3	This was one of my favorite things I did in Vegas. A little pricey but I think worth the money. They don't let you bring in your phones which is stupid and they claim it's because it's too cold and would damage the phone which is clearly a lie if you have ever lived a winter in the midwest and survived it with your phone intact. Regardless, they take photos with a professional photographer inside but the photo can only be bought for 20 bucks a pop. I wanted to buy a photo for my boyfriend for his birthday and ordered a photo but the preview had the watermark over his face so I couldn't really tell how great the quality was but figured they wouldn't post a crappy photo in the first place. When it arrived his face was really blurry so I emailed and asked for a refund. They agreed to reimburse me but I had to pay for shipping ($4.10). I argued that I shouldn't have to pay that and the guy wouldn't budge and said that this wasn't the company's fault, it was mine and therefore they wouldn't give me a return label. I called the corporate office though and they said they would just reimburse me and I didn't have to send it back. So just beware if you order a picture from them--it could look like a good picture with the watermark but it could really be a shoddy picture and they clearly don't care.
4	Sure I'm being a little generous with my ratings.  But I have to give the place props for effort.  It certainly creates an environment you wouldn't imagine being in while visiting Vegas.  I do wish they had more sculptures, but I still had a fun time hanging out inside a complete Ice room.  Everything is made of ice: chairs, walls, cups, light fixtures, etc...I can see why they charge so much, I found a lot of the visitors breaking the ice cups and trying to knock over the ice tables.  Very reckless drunk people, what do you expect?  Therefore, I see why we all have to pay higher prices for those who make it hard for us.Women, be sure to accept the boots.  I didn't at first thinking my sandals were enough.  Not!!!  Ran our asses back out and asked for the boots.  Sucks you can't bring your phones inside, so if you plan on pictures, bring extra cash or swipe some plastic and leave with a memory.
3	This is a great tourists stop. I absolutely love Minus 5 and definitely recommend this to anyone who will be on the strip, especially in the summer months. This is the best location of the two Minus 5 locations on the Strip. The Monte Carlo location has awesome decor. The drinks are so tasty and the overall experience is amazing. It's so awesome to literally chill with friends, in your fur coat and boots, drink, enjoy the artistic flare.  I really do enjoy every time I come. One of my favorite parts is my glass. You drink from an ice glass and when you are done drinking your bar tender will let you smash your glass into the trash! I won't say more about the inside..... As I truly feel this is something you simply need to experience for yourself.  The negatives: you can't bring in a cell phone or a camera. Period. You can only have pictures if their photographer takes them. Then you have to purchase them.  I think you should be allowed to take photos in a designated area. I get that they want to keep things secret and mysterious, but let's not break the bank for people who just want to enjoy the experience and capture a memory or two.I will say this; you need to go.
3	I would say, if you are in vegas and have not done this before you should try it. But I would say its defnitely something i'll try once, and only once because to me it is expensive. You are basically paying the amount you would pay to get into a night club, but for a shorter time.For the most basic plan you pay 17 dollars to get in no drinks, however, depending on how big your group gets, you probably would stay about 30 minutes to an hour MAX. while at a club you will probably stay for at least 2-4 hours, which is worth mroe your buck.Note: they do not allow cameras, or phones into the room thus probably why not a lot of pictures. But when you go in it looks really cool, they really sculpted the cielings and walls quiet nicely. Everything made out of ice. It was cool and fun to see. They also serve you drinks in a glass cup which I thought was pretty nifty. But since I am paying 17 dollars to get in, I expected to take my own flippin pictures. I also expected to see some crazy ice sculptures etc. but there isn't. But it still is cool and worth going to once.I would probably not go back in unless I have a friend with me who has never been but wants to see it.
1	First and only visit. Located inside the Monte Carlo Casino near the Blue Man Group show.Visit was to see what everybody was raving about this place. There is an entry cost along with the option to buy several drinks or you. Admission cost comes with coat and glove rentals. Both of which are highly recommended to stay warm.The bar name is as stated Ice Bar. It is cold to maintain the furniture (couch, bar chairs, random decorations), cups, and the likes. Other decor include fur, chair toppers, and various things.Entry or host staff are fairly pleasant to articulate general guidelines while visiting ice bar. My friends and I walk around before we decide on beverages. We approach the bartender who is also dressed up with coat and gloves. A little slow he is. He reiterates rules of two hand on the cups when preparing our drinks.We hold onto our beverages. The drinks made sweeter than for my preference. Drinks we ordered were from the bar menu. We finish the first drink and approach the bar. Same bartender again is slow but yelling at something. We think he is yelling at the customers in front of us. We think nothing of it. He finished their order and ready to take order as he changes out his gloves.Bartender again reinforces two hands on beverage. Drinks are made and he proceeds to slide beverages over to my friend and I. My friend had yet to get a touch of the ice cup. Bartender moves his hand quickly and drags the cup and the drink to the ground. He turns to rest of the bar and screams "two hands" and a host of other comments.My friend and are so confused on to what he was yelling at. He starts to remake the drink with a raised voice towards my friends and banters about two hands. My friend clearly didn't have his hand on the cup and he was screaming at someone aimlessly. We figured for other reasons to realize he was mad at both himself and the patrons.The second drink was also sweet for both of us. As we consume, we see that the bartender again snaps and yells at another patron. We see that these patterns are quite upset and request to engage with management.We elicit to join the other patrons to talk with manager. The discussion with the management was unhelpful and disrespectful for all of us here.Overall aside from the host staff, the hype on experience and drinks were overrated. One star. Have not been back for two hands bar staff. We have walked by this place many times since and wonder how it keeps in busy and it's likely the rental on coats and gloves.
1	Waste of money...drinks are pitiful. Bartender was a dick.  I'll never attend another Minus5 establishment nor recommend the "experience" to anyone.  I want a full refund.
5	Came to Vegas with my sister, cousin, and some friends.  We wanted to try this place because it was different and we liked the concept.  I saw a couple of reviews indicating that it was overpriced, but it is Vegas, so expect to pay more.  We were a little disappointed though that we could not bring in our phones, but we took plenty of pictures with the photographer, and purchased a few of the pictures.Our bartender was awesome, he kept us entertained and also gave us free shots.  He also made our drinks the way we asked him to make it - more alcohol please.Overall, we had a lot of fun here.  Place was definitely unique, staff was great, drinks were good, liked the music as well.  We probably would have stayed a little longer, but we started to get cold.  Next time, we will opt for the boots, instead of wearing our cute pumps and sandals. :)
3	Woohoo! My 400th review!! I must be a true Yelper! LOLWell, I've heard alot about this place and always wanted to check it out because it was different. I was able to get 2 comp entries, so over the weekend, my boyfriend and I checked out this place. It's normally $17/per person for entry. The gives you access to the bar, gloves, and a jacket. For $34 you also get 2 drinks and your jacket is upgraded to a parka. We just did the basic entry as all we wanted to do was really check out the place. Before entering, they have a locker for you to put in your cell phones and cameras. They don't really check you, so I supposed it's easy to sneak in stuff as I saw some girls with their cell phones instead sneaking pictures. Anyways, take the key and the locker will open up on the other side when you leave. It's really cool looking upon entering as neither of us has ever been to an ice bar. It really is cold inside!! It's also much smaller instead than what I had imagined. There are various seating areas with I believe fur rugs to keep you from sitting on pure ice and freezing. Bar tender was friendly. We shared a drink as neither of us really wanted to drink much. We ordered the most popular drink which according to the bartender was the snowglobe. It was $10... not particularity expensive. It was served in a cool ice glass. Really neat experience. There are some sculptures around. There is also a photographer that takes pictures. I'm guessing that is the REAL reason they don't want you taking in your camera or cell phone to take pictures. They wouldn't be able to get you to buy pictures otherwise. It wasn't too crowded, even though we went on a Saturday night so we were able to find places to sit. I would say that spending about 30 minutes in this place is enough. They do play club music so if you have a group, I suppose you would spend more time here "partying". I saw some girls sneaking pictures, but it's kind of hard to sneak pictures as the place is pretty open and since ice is clear, they can catch you easily. These girls had another girl they used to block what they were doing. This place is good to check out once, but I doubt it's something most people would want to keep going to. It's pricey at $17 a person just to enter. I would prefer they charge an even $20 and include a drink as well. I is different from anything else as the only other real ice bar I've heard of was somewhere in Europe I think... There is another Minus 5 location located at Mandalay Bay. Come here for the experience as it's one of those one-time experience things. Let the photographer take lots of pictures for you and your group. You can view them online and buy your favorite one on the way out. I bought one picture. It was supposed to be $20, but I was given a $5 discount, so no complaints. In the end, I was able to experience this for a total of $25 because we bought 1 drink, 1 picture and had 2 comp entries. To me, it was worth the experience. Find discounts or play the MyVegas game to earn the comp entries!! I wouldn't pay full price to enter this however... It is a tourist trap...This location is easily accessible from the strip and pretty easy to find. It's also right next to the Blue Man Theater!
3	Cool experience but definitely not worth almost $40/person. Bar was very small and liquor selection was limited. Won't go there ever again.
1	Don't waste your time or money. I came here for my bday what a mistake that was. Bartender was on her rag and manager was a douche bag.
2	I wanted to like this...I honestly did.....You get sold on the gimmick and I can live with that. so I blow just under $100 for 2 people to each have 2 drinks....They show pictures of beautiful people wearing beautiful furs enjoying their drinks very much like a scene from the end of Spies Like Us...I digress...You know the blanket like navy blue butcher jacket worn by that person you only see on the other side of the milk shelf at the supermarket? THATS WHAT THEY SLAP ON YOU. The nicer stuff is EXTRA. They give you some gloves, take your phones etc... and off you go.Crappy attire aside I ventured in to discover liquids have problems at really cold temperatures...so anything they were making was a slurpee because all non booze mixers were freezing.up. OK, that tears it for me. Crappy drinks AND crappy attire...I did not feel beautiful. I did not feel like I got anything CLOSE to what I shelled out. This is a photo op joke. Sell what you advertise is my motto and Minus 5 is the classic bait and switch plus you have to explain shrinkage.
1	No people inside, so it's weird to be there just two people and another staff watching at you all the time. Also, it's small and boring
3	Vegas has its way of making you spend $$$ on every visit. We've been hearing about this place for a while so have been wanting to try it out. Basically, 17$ just to enter, with gloves, jacket, and boots if you need it. They have a "package deal" for 37$ that includes 2 drinks, but drinks inside are 10$ each, so you don't save anything. They have a locker for all your electronics (cell phones, cameras, etc.) to prevent you from taking pictures inside. I saw the bartender make a couple people inside to put their phones away every time they tried sneaking pictures....so they seemed pretty strict about the no picture rule.The temp is kept at -5 deg. Celsius, so just under 30deg F. The parkas and gloves they give you aren't super warm, and they don't cover up your legs. You can pay extra for the fancy jackets and hats. The inside was smaller than I thought, they have several sitting areas with fur lined seats but that's pretty much it. Luckily there were only maybe 5-10 other ppl there the same time as us.Overall, it was fun to experience just once, but I don't think I'd come back. It was hard to stay there more than an hour unless you are really bundled up. BUT I had a fun time touching everything, which is all literally made out of ice. Even the cups were fun to play with and try to melt. However, with the drinks and entry fees, the tab gets high really fast. Also, no pictures unless you pay for them. =[
1	DO NOT COME HERE. It is such a trap.$17 for entry. $10 for drinks (which taste like juice). Plus, you cannot take your own pictures.The inside is SO SMALL. Everyone literally walks in and then walks out. You will be done within 30min, probably less.I am so glad I used my myVegas slots rewards to redeem vouchers for this. Otherwise, I would've been so pissed!
1	IT'S A TRAPLiterally, you go into a small room where you're not allowed to bring your phone (although another person sneaked theirs in)They take your pics for you but of course, you have to pay a big price for it.From a economic standpoint, this is very dumb. Social media plays a big role in businesses and they're manager or w/e is too dumb to see that. Pictures on facebook + a good yelp review = more business, instead now I'm giving them a 1 star review and there are no facebook pictures that were gonna be free advertisement.Learn to business my friend.
