5	I know it is amazing, it only opened yesterday!  The Grind Burger Bar is awesome. It is so close it is to work.  I happened to be working today and drove down to BlueGreen Resort area to try this place out.  I walk in and lo and behold - another mutual friend of mine and one of the owners!  Lucky me, I got a free lunch!The hostesses were super friendly, the waiter Kyle is awesome, and the bus help was fantastic (got that iced tea to go when I was leaving!)Kyle explained all of the toppings I needed clarification on, and I had to with BEEF on CIABATTA and cheese was unnecessary for me so I went for marinated onions (in sea salt and olive oil), avocado and toasted garlic, jalepenos, a FRIED EGG (yummmmmy), and eggplant mayo and cilantro dressing on the side.  All sauces are served on the side, 2 come with the burger, and 2 toppings do too (my avocado and egg were premium extras).My friend tried the veggie burger and loved it (chickpea-based), and there are a few other types of burgers.They have a bar area with TVs and signature cocktails, plus milkshakes and other salads and sides.I ate my entire burger - the meat itself was juicy and well seasoned.  The bun was fresh and delish.  The sides were unique, and the best part was the runny yolk in my first bite.I would DEFINITELY return here with friends - fun, good location, great atmosphere, good service, great food!  A real treat!!!
5	First off... DAMN YOU LISA for stealing my FTR. :P - Second, this will be a long review for a damned good reason. My husband and I came and tried this place tonight because of Scott D.'s talk thread. All I have to say is abso-fucking-lutely BRILLIANT. I balked at the price at first, and the fact that there were kids in there. (This is NOT a place that's good for kids. Their logo is a nude woman with beef cuts drawn on her.) Afterward, I realized that my balking was for naught. The food was EASILY worth the amount that the prices were set at.I had a ground chuck burger on a ciabatta with egg on it, sauteed onions and lettuce and some blue cheese sauce. Sean had a ground turkey burger, also on a ciabatta with pickles and lettuce. We also shared a chocolate milkshake (which was quite large), and some sweet potato fries. The burger was nothing short of amazing. It completely blows any burger I've had in Vegas out of the water, and anyone who seriously enjoys a good burger, particularly with egg, should stop going to Fatburger and head to this place. My only tiny complaint was that the onions could have been done a little more, as they were a tiny bit on the raw side still. This, however, did not detract from the burger in ANY way. I also tried a bite of Sean's turkey burger, and was amazed to taste that they only used ground turkey breast, and it wasn't littered with rib meat or anything else like that. The fries were excellent. both plain and with the honey mustard sauce they came with. They didn't require any seasoning (rare for fries I've had in the city), and were nice and crisp on the outside while being moist and soft on the inside, just how it should be. The shake... That was another thing completely. Think Haagen-Daaz quality ice cream, turned into a milkshake. 60% buttercream, and good quality ingredients made this nothing short of amazing. The service was completely mind-blowing as well. I was very shocked to learn that our server Cori was actually completely new to serving. She was very attentive without being clingy or hovering, and she got bonus points for knowing that Sean's shirt was from woot.com. The director of operations, Scott, was a pleasure to talk to as well. I had called him over to compliment the food and service, and was extremely please with how pleasant and professional he was. He also referred me to try the pizza place that is also owned by the same people in the plaza. I'm going this week. Normally it's hard to wring a 5 star review out of me, but I have to say, this is by far one of the best burgers I've ever had, and I will be more than happy to come back a few times before we leave Vegas for good. Please. If you love food (especially food that doesn't need a ton of salt and pepper to cover blandness) and good service, and don't want to be surrounded by a bunch of kids while you eat, try this place out. You won't be disappointed.
1	hit this place up yesterday for lunch.   it was empty, and from what i can tell' good reason!!!!there were 3 of us,  service was not so good,  although it is the first week,  the menu is so confusing, that the server had to spend 5 minutes walking us through how to order and what some of the items were.  we started with onion straws and calamari,   both were terrible.  onion string were very greasy,  flour dredge had no seasoning,  the calamari was a cheap frozen product as it was super chewy and again no flavor.  they tossed the calamari in some sweeit thai chili sauce,  bad move  made it soggy and even worse then it already was.the burger catergory is nuts!!  not in a good way,  you choose everything you want on it,  but you only get 2 toppings included???  so if i wanted lettuce, tomato and onion you would have to pay for the 1 addition items,  so the cost builds up quickly.the sauces are interesting they offer,  all are served on the side.  got the avajar and garlic mayo's,  neither had any salt or vinegar to make them taste good,  rather bland and un-inspiring.  nice idea poor execution.  so after filling out the card and handing it to the server,  we were asked if we wanted fries??  so the 14 burger i just built with only a few toppings doesnt even come with fries????   so we ordered one of each fry to see what it was about,  sweet potatoes, steak cut and shoestring,  but it couldnt be that easy,  the menu had code names that no guest would know,  again the server had to explain.so out comes the food!!!  fries,  all cheap frozen products,  for 4 and 5 bucks you gotta be kidding me,  they werent even large portions!!the ciabatta bread, again appeared to be a frozen product,  not that that frozen is always bad, but again poor execution,  it wasnt even warmed up or toasted,  was cold and dry....blahhhhhhcheddar cheese was crappy, and not even melted,  lettuce was shredded and barely any on the burger,  tomato was thinly sliced, again almost non-existent.  they label the menu having nueske bacon,  not a chance!!!!  this was a super thin and over cooked run of the mill smoked bacon,  definetly not nueske!!!!!    now they dont even take a cook temperature for your burger, they all come out near welldone??? i want my burger RARE!!!!!!!!!!  especially if it quality meat,  but i guess its not here....the patty appeared to be hand formed,  not seasoned at all and unfortunetly overcooked,  as were everyones at the table.so in summation....bad apps, run o the mill cheap frozen fries, noone knows how to use salt and pepper, confusing menu, uncomfortable chairs and its not cheap!!!  out tab was 75 bucks,  ok we had more then the normal group would  (we sure didnt eat it all,  wasnt worth eating)  i would say for a burger fries and soda and splitting an app  would run 25 bucks.  NO THANKSdecor...lot of the things look real similar to another burger joint in town,  but nowhere as nice.this place has alot of work to do, it they plan on sticking around!!!  i know the 3 of us will not be back!
4	Very good burgers! A significant cut above In N Out....but more than twice the price. The meat is tender and delicious and you get a choice of buns, and endless toppings to pick from.The steak fries and the sweet potato fries were just okay. A little soggy. They need to be double-fried, but no one seems to do that anymore.Not as good as Bradley Ogden (but then what burger is?), but equivalent to Burger Bar. Much better than Stripburger, BLT or that joint at Paris whose phony french name has been permanently deleted from the hard-drive in my head.Certainly worth a trip to check it out.
5	Just happened to see this place coming in from the airport. We were so hungry and needed something easy. We didn't know what to expect but I must say my whole party was very pleased.Between the four in my party we had a nice selection including a 1/2 pound burger with marinated onions and grilled peppers on a wheat bun with cayenne pepper ranch...so delicious and it blows "The Counter" out of the water for those familiar. They don't over do the toppings and the meat is very moist. Next is a turkey buger with jalepenos, bacon and chipotle ketchup. My buddy said it was the best turkey burger he ever had. Next up my wife ordered the "bump and grind" chicken sandwich. It came with olive tapenade which she thought was really yummy. It also came with "hot cappy" which was very flavorful as well. Last but not least my mother ordered the chop chop salad which seems like an oxymoron in s burger joint but we all tried it and would order it again. We're very happy we stopped in and would certainly come back...perhaps on our way back to the airport :). BEWARE "the counter" if they ever enter southern California.
4	Had a craving for a burger and the bf suggested this spot that a few coworkers had recommended.Minimalist decor - brick walls, cool lighting.  Bar with machines (where you can smoke, separated from restaurant) and a few small tables.   Love the art on the wall of the woman sectioned into "meat" - difficult to describe, but would be a great conversation piece for the kitchen at home.Anyway, let's get the price out of the way - yes, $9 is a lot for a burger.  But this isn't McD's or even comparable to In-n-Out.  Its a meal!!You get to choose your toppings - two toppings and two sauces included for the $9.  I chose the burger without the bun and they provided plenty of lettuce under the lovely burger.  All cooked medium well, unless you specify.  Good thing I had an extra sauce (the spicy ranch) as I put in on the lettuce and pretended I had a salad with my burger!  For me, I could live on sauces to dip my food into.  The food is a means to the sauce!  I chose the chipotle ketchup and garlic mayo - yummy!!  Sauce heaven!!  I cut my burger (oh so sophisticated, eh?) and dipped into the sauces.  Great tasting burger - no salt or pepper needed.Also, had the sweet potato fries - that is, what was left after the bf dug into them.  Served with an almost-honey-mustard - very nice!And to help it all go down, a nice cold beer served out of a can!  (apparently the owner requested all beers out of cans - nice touch).  The milkshakes sounded good but for this girl - a burger needs a beer, just like a .... well, if you can't say anything clean, I shouldn't say anything at all!!
3	Went back recently. The burger was not quite as delicious as last time, and the place was almost empty. They try hard to please, and have the best intentions, but I think they picked a price point for their food that is too high for this moment in time.$9.75 for a half-pound cheeseburger is just too much when there are so many good alternatives around.
5	I love what trashy people who aren't actual customers of the business are writing about this place. Really? You don't like the mascot? Well, too bad. Don't write a review if you're not an actual customer.That being said, Grind is still fabulous. The food is great, and often when I get pizza from next door, I still stop into Grind and pick up some sweet potato fries. If I want a non fast food burger, though, this is the place to go. Better than Fatburger, MUCH better than that In-n-Out garbage, and the service is always great. Keep up the good work, guys!
5	I loved the whole concept of building your own burger. You get it just the way you want it. They give you a check board with a pen and you check off everything you want in there.... what's to complain about?When our food got to the table, it was complete silence. It was SOO GOOOOD!!! The meat! You can totally taste the freshness of the meat! They also offer you 2 side sauces. I usually use ranch to dip my fries in. I didnt even touch the ranch because I didnt want to lose the flavor of the burger. The sweet potato fries were good too. Not too sweet but just right.Not to mention the FRIENDLY staff!! They were awesome. I was bummed when i went on their website and saw that LV was their only location:( I guess I'll just wait till next time I'm in town, and I'm definitely going back!
4	My husband and I went here before the UNLV Basketball game today. (Note: They do the after show of the Rebels game here!)We started with the onion strings.  Great sauce comes with the strings.  But after getting that, then our burgers & fries, that was too much food!!Burgers- you make your own.  They give you a clip board with all your choices and you mark what burger with what toppings.My husband had a burger with blue cheese and onion strings (we ordered our app, after we placed our burger order and I didn't know my husband got onion strings on his burger!)I got the meatless burger, which is made out of chickpeas and seasonings, with lettuce, tomato, sauteed mushrooms.We ordered a side of fries (which is DEFINITELY enough to share!) We both liked everything.  (although for a blue cheese burger, he said that he would go back to Stripburger, since that was their speciality!)All n' all a good place to stop in and get some grub.  Will definitely return again and will most definitely get the sweet potato fries next time!
3	Ate at Grind Burger once when it first opened, staff was very friendly from the hostess to the waiter, at the north end of the restaurant there is a nice looking bar with nice design elements.Burgers and speciality sauces were very good, turkey burger was particularly good for what it was, as they tend to be dry and this one was pretty moist.Forgot the cheese on my burger, but no big deal.  Waiter was apologetic.Good option for a tasty more custom style burger with interesting topping options.
5	The Grind is a very nice and clean place.  Located on Tropicana at the Bluegreen Club 36, near the airport between Paradise and Koval.  The inside has a modern look to it and is a bit smaller than what you might think from looking at the outside.The bar has two flat-panel tvs and decent spread of alcohol.  It's separated from the eating area by glass wall and door, but food is served on both sides.The food itself is oh so very good... :)  The sweet potato fries are delicious!  Crispy, not too oily, and plentiful.  The burgers can be custom made with numerous choices on the menu.  The patty is cooked to medium rare and tastes great!The servers were friendly and polite.  Very attentive without being overly so.  I really appreciated the service.  Burger Grind is a great place to go relax after work, or just go for takeout.
3	Clean establishment with friendly service. Food was hot and fresh but on the salty side.  We had a turkey and a regular burger with sweet potato fries. Their beer and wine selection is very minimal and they were out of Merlot. Mostly a pleasant experience but a bit too expensive. It would be nice if they had a Kobe burger on the menu.
4	I know its a burger place but the Half Chicken is amazing! Very moist meat, crispy skin and perfect wing sauce.
5	yummmmmy!  Came here between classes down the road, and I had a free burger coupon (same one I hooked Matthew C. up with in an earlier review of mine)...Ciabatta, beef, jalepenos, green chiles, avocado, ajavar mayo and cayenne ranch.  I put a little of the sauces on the top bread, but it didn't need it.  The bread, sooo good.  The beef, sooo juicy (and cooked nicely medium as requested).  The green chiles...these were not diced canned crap, they were actually roasted anaheims!!!! full bodies of them!!  Then jalepenos and avocado slices.  See pic, the burger was so green I call it "The Environmentally Friendly"!Also, prompt iced tea refills, and an awesome waitress who gave me the whole check for free, iced tea, premium avocado topping and all, so she got a nice tip.I think this place is fun, low-key, and tasty.  I haven't had anything else on the menu - sides or apps, but I will go back!
5	We've gone to Grind Burger Bar 4 or 5 times over the last few months.  Burgers are great for the person that wants a burger with toppings that you won't find elsewhere.  Mine Marinated Onions, Green Chili, Garlic Mayo, and Blue-cheese on a Ciabatta Roll.  Great
3	Came in for dinner after a quic flight in from SFO for an over night adventure and a Barry Manilow concert.  They got me and mom seated, served, and out the door within 60 minutes.The food has promise but I took off a star for my rare burger showing up medium well.  Sorry, when i said i want my burger to moooo i meant it.The fries and stringy onion were the bomb and the portions were huge.We appreciated the cute guy that refilled our sodas and took away our plates but the waitress was non existent... We had to go to the cashier to get our bill so we could get out of there.  Pretty bad considering there was only one other table of guests.Will we come back?  Probably.  The food has potential for greatness.
5	Ate here a few months back while in Las Vegas for an event. Just decided to stop there and eat while I was out about.  This is a great alternative to eating in any of the casinos. Burgers were awesome and so were the sweet potatoe fries. This place blows the counter burger joints in the Los Angeles area.
4	For Grind, I am really torn between 3 and 4 stars. The inside is cute, the burgers are good and big, and the toppings are plentiful and unique. However, I think the $9/burger cost (not including fries or drink or even cheese) is quite high. The thing that is pushing it to 4 stars is the quick takeout service for lunch and the fact that it seems to be independently owned (we need more of those in Vegas!)
2	My review is more like 2.5 stars.  I LOVE burgers, anything from McDonald's to a $20 burger, but I just thought Grind Burger was way overpriced.  My friend wanted to go here one afternoon, so she, my BF and I ended up here around 4 in the afternoon on a Saturday.  Naturally, it wasn't very crowded, as it was too late for lunch and too early for dinner.  I really like the decor of the place, very plain, an almost industrial feel  to the place.  Our burgers were good, not the best burger I've ever had, but good.  The fries were good also.  We tried both the sweet potato and regular fries.My very big issue is the price.  They nickel and dime you on everything.  Every topping you add is 75 cents and that is ridiculous to me.  For the three of us with a couple of drinks, our check was over $90 before tip.  Dang!  In comparison, Bachi Burger is a much better burger at a much better price.
4	I was here last week and I thought the quality of the meat was very good.First time I experience a good burger was Burger Bar.  However, after trying this burger at Grind Burger, It was comparable, if not, of even greater quality.  Concept is quite similar to Burger Bar, where you chose the toppings etc.  It's true like some have said, that they nickel and dime you for the toppings, however, that doesn't stop me from enjoying the nice quality of meat with the delicious sauce.  The sauce that blew me away was the Ajvar.  So creamy and unforgettable.    If you like burgers, you should definitely try.  I was so full after 3/4 of my burger that I had to skip out on the dessert that my friend was trying to describe to me.  I will definitely come back real soon and share a burger with someone so that I can try out the creative 'burger' dessert!The staff is friendly and the decor was very nice, down-to-earth.Also, I like the picture of the 'mapped' girl (wonder if there is a title to that picture.  WIll have to inquire next time).  Very creative and educational hehe
2	I particularly enjoyed the sweet potato fries. They were tasty dipped in chipotle ketchup. I kept my burger fairly simple opting for ground chuck on a regular bun with Swiss, and marinated mushrooms and onions. It had great flavor. My only complaint was the dense dry bun. What's with all these gourmet burger joints with crummy buns?A great burger needs a airy bun that can hold up against the ingredientsl the bread should be equal to its other parts. Sadly, It's a rare find.
4	You gotta try this place!!! A great experience and great food.1.  Decor - very nice. Very pleasant, clean and a welcoming. The design is simple, yet it is very, very cool and hip at the same time.2.  Service - Very efficient, they explain all details and help you order from their check list menu, since you pretty much have to order from a list of things to make your burger.3.  Burgers - Had the ground chuck burger which is the beef choice. Very nice, cooked perfect and at least an inch thick, so it must have been a really huge patty before it was cooked.4.  Buns - You get to choose your bun and be careful here. It does make a huge difference. I had the ciabatta bun and it was a bit dry. I would go for the regular bun. My kids had it and they loved it.5.  Shakes - Chocolate and Strawberry Shakes are freakin awesome. Fresh and really refreshing.6.  Fries - Got the tall and skinny.  Liked these a lot.7.  Kids - My 16 and 10 year old loved this and said it was the best.8.  Price - A bit expensive. Burgers for 5, French Fries for 2, Shakes for 3 and Diet Coke 1 - 85.00 without tip.  But, you get what you pay for. This is a really good place and an experience.  I would go to Inn and Out for the day to day stuff, but for the special occasion, this is it.
1	My buddy was craving a burger for dinner and I remember driving by this place earlier in the day so we hit this place up. The host asked us if we wanted to sit at a table or at the bar. I wanted a pint, so I opted for the bar. I asked the bartender what they had on tap. His reply was, "nothing." Ok...fine no tap...so I ask for a Stella. Bartender says, "we don't have that...we only have cans." Wtf?!! What bar only serves beer in cans? I settled for an Amstel Light. Later I noticed on the bill that each can of Amstel Light was $5. I had 2 cans. A can of Amstel Light should not be $5. I should've just had a milkshake.What I ordered:-Premium Fresh Ground Chuck, Hand Pressed $9.00-Regular Bun-Pepper Jack Cheese $0.75-Toppings (2 included) $0.75 each:  Lettuce  Tomatoes   Marinated Mushrooms-Sauce (2 included) $0.75 each:  Roasted Garlic MayoI asked the bartender if I could pick 3 toppings since I only wanted 1 sauce. He replied in a rude tone, "that's not how it works!" I don't understand why he couldn't give me the 3rd topping for free. I only picked 1 sauce and extra toppings are the same price as extra sauces. The burger tasted ok for a $10.50 burger. The bill for the 2 of us was $46.48. If I'm spending this much at a burger place...I should at least be getting my beer in a bottle.Next time I'm going back to Burger Bar!
4	2-1 burgers right now if you mention yelp.  That was enough to get me in the door.Speaking of the door...  We entered by the restaurant door and no one was around.  I wasn't sure if it was even open, the dining room was empty. We went around to the bar entrance and asked if we could get to the restaurant from there. We were given somewhat of a yes...wandered back and still, no one was around. Eventually some one came out and seated us.I thoughtfully placed my order by filling out their scantron-esque menu, $9 to build your own basic burger and $.79-$1.50 for extras or premium toppings. If you want fries or an appetizer and a drink with your burger, you can expect to spend about $20-$25 per person without the yelp discount.  I had a meatless burger on wheat with marinated mushrooms and peppers, crispy fried onions, bbq sauce and roasted garlic mayo (if it had been roasted garlic veganaise or if i knew if the entire burger was vegan, it may have brought this up to 5 stars). When they brought it out, I was pleasantly surprised. This combination may be of the best veggie burgers I've had outside of my own kitchen.The regular fries aren't worth getting again, but i will go back just for the sweet potato fries. My friend had a new castle and it came in a can, has anyone ever gotten beer in a can at a restaurant? Also, the bartender was skipping or dancing or something through the dining area to get to the kitchen for no apparent reason, which i found odd and distracting. The staff was nice and fairly attentive. They have very nice napkins, sharp pencils and our check came on a mini clipboard...these small details made me a fan.
3	I say 3.5 stars... I would really give 3, but mentioning Yelp got us a buy 1 burger get one for free:]!!!! Soooooo that properly justifies the 0.5 jump!I have been dying to try this place since an English professor offered extra credit about the "controversial" Juicy Lucy, who I must say, is quite ravishing. Juicy Lucy also has a drink named after her, which I must say again, is quite ravishing! Raspberry vodka, triple sec,  and red bull.. yumm. The burger menu is completely create-your-own style. There are no premade or suggested combinations, so prepare to be creative. I did a regular beef patty (you get the choice of turkey or veggie) and it was definitely a big hunk of hamburger meat deliciously oozing with all it's animal goodness. For toppings I had the reg's of tomato, lettuce, and onion. I got provolone cheese, and I would have like to seen the cheese melted on the patty a little better.  For my sauce, I got basil pesto mayo which was exactly as I had expected, very yummy for a pesto freak like me. The bun I got for my burger was just the regular burger bun. I didn't  like this at all because it was too fluffy and dough-y to me. I think burger buns should be different than dinner rolls served at Thanksgiving, and this bun wasn't far from that, so next time, I may just go with the "bed of greens" they offer as an alternative to a bun.Fries do not come with your burger, and I suggest sharing because my friend and I put a lot of potato to waste that day:[. She got skinny fries and I got steak fries, it's a personal preference for how you like your fries, I am not going to make an argument of which were better. I will say that the fries were not anything special... they do have sweet potato fries.. if that's more your style. The burgers are just SO BIG that there isn't much room for any fries!Overall, amidst my long review (which I appreciate you taking the time to read) I feel that for their pricing at around $10 a burger, the burgers are just OK. To me, nothing really gets my attention (aside from the pesto mayo). Service is good, food is alright, and the check is eyebrow raising.. so mention Yelp, and make your visit worthwhile.
5	This is very comparable to Burger Bar but much cheaper.  You can sign up on their website and get coupons in your e-mail from time to time.  Plenty of different ways to make burgers and the sweet potato fries are fantastic.
3	i would go 3.5  They were 2 for 1 thanks to the Yelp mentioning(Thanks Yelp)! The Thai Calamari was excellent and would go back just for that that. The burger was just average, nothing that blows you away. I had the juicy lucy with some adding on top. I would take in and out any day over this. Service was perfect once we were seated. We did stand waiting to be seated for like 5 mins.
3	I like this burger joint. I've been here a couple times, and the food is really good. I like variety of options to choose from. space for seating is limited. So I'd suggest calling in first to see if your large party can be seated.
4	My boss suggested this place a few days ago for lunch. She said they have the BEST burgers in town. I'm always up for something new, so I agreed to give it a try (especially considering her rave reviews).When we got there I looked it up on Yelp, only to find they had a 2-for-1 deal for Yelpers. It said you had to print the ad. I told the waitress I'd seen the special but hadn't printed it out. She said she'd hook us up with the deal. Woo hoo! Very pleasant surprise.The menu had lots of delicious choices. My only complaint is the number of appealing toppings and sauces made it difficult to choose. I ended up ordering a 4 oz. burger with green chiles, marinated mushrooms and onions, salsa cruda, and provolone on a toasted bun. It was quite good but the bun got a little soggy (they forgot to toast it). My boss and I also split and order of tall and thin fries, which were pretty decent.I don't know that I agree that these are the best burgers in town (I'd vote for Bachi Burger), but they were quite good, and I'll likely be back.
2	This place is just all right. I had no complaints with the burgers here. Well-cooked and tasty, just nothing special and I enjoy the sweet potato fries.My biggest pet peeve about this place is the way they charge for condiments. I have no qualms having to upcharge for adding an egg, avocado or something like that, but they offer you only three options for free condiments and lettuce, tomato and pickles are on this list, along with other toppings such as chilies and dressings. Now, I don't know if it's just me, but I think lettuce and tomatoes should come standard. I doubt they will break a businesses bank to let those go complimentary. It makes the toppings decision quite difficult. Maybe I'm being petty, but that really annoyed me about this place. Heh. The awkward location is also a little bit of a put off. It's hard to get to and not really on the way to anywhere for local or visitors alike.Try Cheeburger Cheeburger if you're in the build your own burger mood. They let you have all the toppings you like at no charge! lol
5	The buns are awesome. That's something I notice different about the burgers. The Wheat buns are amazing as well.
4	I'm in love with Smash Burger so going to Grind Burger I thought I'd feel like a dirty cheater but to my surprise being unfaithful doesn't seem so bad anymore...The check list was fun, didn't like having my condiments as a choice but ohh well...*I love Soy Sauce so for Soy Sauce to be an option won hella points with me*My Burger-4 ounce well seasoned beef flat patty,white buttered bun, chedder cheese,grilled mushrooms, grilled onions,mayo & soy sauceI loved my burger- Smash Burger we're in an open relationship now....I also enjoyed the steak fries-try dipping your steak fries in soy sauce-Yummers!!!!!The BF and Kid ordered regular burgers-nothing too special to mention but they both did like their burgers-My daughter still prefers Smash BurgerThe fries are expensive $4.00 to $5.00 an order so added to your burger makes it over $10.00 other than that I will be back....
3	I like this place and it's convenient to work. They have a Yelp BOGO offer but I think you have to print it out though. You can build your own burger and they have a pretty diverse selection of options. I built a turkey burger low carb style (basically like a burger salad). The turkey burger was handmade, not the pre-packaged stuff and tasted really fresh. The portion was large and I was really full afterward. It's good but like Emily R noted, it's nothing special.
2	Food is so so, (pricey build your burger, type of place). Service is eh. Stumbled here to watch the packers roll over the ravens. Bar girl serves me a beer when i wanted water, this place has no personality considering its right behind the strip... you're better off staying on the strip.
3	Just had my first Grind burger and it was great for the price (2 for 1 coupon). I had the Turkey burger with pepperjack cheese and avocado.  If I'm craving a turkey burger in the future I would have to stick to the old faithful, Yardhouse, Yardhouse burgers are juicier and the cheese is melted on the burger.  I had to give this place a chance and what better way with a 2 Fer 1......I do however want to go back to taste the Juicy Lucy which is a burger that has your choice of cheese inside the burger, sounds really good!  Cheers!
3	GRIIIIIIIIIIIND burger!Its an optimal place for you and your friends to sit down, have a bite, or a beer and relax after you're done grinding.I came here with a friend because we were hungry and had saw the yelp special. The menu is like many other create your own burger places, but its a bit fancier. The menu gives you lots of options, pretty much every aspect is up for you to change. It's not the cheapest burger (if you're not getting the yelp special) or the greatest.. but it's a pretty cool spot. They do have some ingredients to give it a uniqueness, and their different sauces are awesome. The bathroom has a giant door and is relatively clean. The staffing was efficient, didn't really have any personal connection though.Will come back for sometime to take advantage of the 2 for 1 special.
4	I la la la Love the Juicy Lucy burger with cheddar cheese. Its so tender and cheesy (the cheese is grilled into the patty)...with roasted garlic mayo, avocado, bacon, and onion strings....throw some shoestring or sweet potato fries and you have the perfect burger meal. I also do adore the vanilla milkshake (anything ice cream is A-OK in my book). My man and I love coming here to just chill and have a kick back date night. Slightly pricey but its Vegas...what do you expect. Will always be a loyal patron of Grind burger :)
3	Stopped by on the way to the airport with Mom to have lunch.  I've had this place on my "To Do" list for a while.....it was time to give it a try.  The decor is very nice and modern and I like how they are connected to a full service bar and separated by glass.....so the smokers in the bar won't bother the diners.  We were given menus and seated.  We were told that the menu doubles as an order sheet.....in other words, it's a custom Burger joint where you select each item for your Burger.....cool.After browsing the menu for a few minutes, I decided to go with:Juicy Lucy Burger w/Regular Bun, BBQ Sauce, Jalapenos, Marinated Onions, American Cheese, Cheddar Cheese $9.50+Bacon $1.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UcgCSTCtPv1GeW5bKsEdag?select=r_g9twzpNXEvAjfXwIG20QTall and Thin Fries - $4http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UcgCSTCtPv1GeW5bKsEdag?select=8hrzsZ1yfIxHC-3pxww4bAMom went with a Turkey Burger w/Lettuce, Tomatoes, Onions, and Jalapenos, $8.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UcgCSTCtPv1GeW5bKsEdag?select=OvID1zfcEgO1ZvMXtMhyggThe Juicy Lucy is two Burger patties cooked together with the Cheese in the middle between the patties.  I've seen Burgers like this on the Food Network and was anxious to give this a try.After a few minutes our food was ready and I bit into the Juicy Lucy.....the Cheese oozed out of the center of the Burger.....you have to be really careful because it's HOT!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UcgCSTCtPv1GeW5bKsEdag?select=-IseHtIgiZZxOT1A8n4KpAThe Burger was good, but not great....I thought the toppings and Bun were the highlight of the Burger....the Meat was OK, but wasn't great.....I don't know, it was missing "something".  The BBQ Sauce was excellent and added some much needed flavor to the Burger.  I liked the Marinated Onions....would like to know how they are prepared.The Fries were very good and it's enough to serve 2 people.Mom enjoyed her Turkey Burger, but said she's not sure it was worth $8.  I would agree with her....for the price of our Burgers, I was hoping they would be mind-blowing.....they were good, but not great.  I will probably come back and give it another shot.....maybe I picked the wrong combo of toppings.Return Factor - 75%
3	I was expecting this place to be more like Create where we walked up to the counter to make our selection, but I was surprised that it was a sit down restaurant. The burgers are great and definitely better than Create. However, that quality does cost. This is why they lost a star. I don't mind paying for good, quality food, but there's other burger places I prefer over Grind (e.g. Bachi Burger, Slidin Thru, Smashburger).I also got a side of Onion Strings and I'm so glad I got it to share with the rest of my table. Because it was HUGE. It was piled up on a entree sized plate.It's a good restaurant but my taste buds prefer a Banh Mi Burger over the ones I can find at Grind.
5	Went here for a quick date night because I had to be up early and my man had go on the road for work. I had managed to get off somewhat early for work and we were both jonesing for a good burger....so off to Grind we went. Kim was our server and she was so awesome. She remembered us from before (I think its always a nice touch when someone from the staff remembers you in a good way). We ordered our usual fare (2 juicy Lucy burgers, shoestring onions, bacon, pickles, tomato, roasted garlic mayo, cayenne pepper ranch, shoestring fries, a vanilla milkshake and Newcastle Nut Brown Ale.That was just what the doctor ordered. It was perfectly cooked, juicy and flavorful. The only thing I needed was a bigger stomach to hold more food. My man and I needed some time together and Grind (and Kim) totally made it wonderful. Will be back soon...probably after convention season slows down.
5	When I want to treat myself to what I feel is the best burger I've found in town so far, I go to Grind Burger. My friend and I went to Grind Burger because they put a coupon in a Henderson book and we were so impressed that I've brought my husband, several other friends and all have raved about this place. Ordering from the menu is fun because you can build your burger how you want it, with some really creative sauces. It's always perfectly cooked and any sides you order are enough to be shared with two to four people, which the servers gladly tell you. The service is always friendly and they offered to split the chocolate shake (which was a little pricy, but totally worth it). Needless to say, I always order a chocolate shake when I go and split it. The atmosphere is nice...not in some hotel and doesn't have the snooty service like other gourmet burger places. Can't wait to go back!
5	After not having burgers for quite awhile, I was VERY impressed to find Grind Burger behind the Club 36 hotel off the strip.  My friends & I went in there for some dinner after a long day of traveling and hot damn, was this the right place to go!We all ordered a bunch of different things off the menu, starting with the Thai Calamari.  Not only is the calamari amazing, they also have dried grilled lemon slices.  AWESOME.  The salad (kinda like tasty coleslaw - but not the gross KFC/picnic kind) underneath the calamari went so well with it... mmm!We also ate a bunch of different burgers, from the 4oz burger (which is definitely enough for small-stomach eaters), to the 7oz, as well as the Juicy Lucy - which you should get.  NOTE: They even can cut the burger in half for you if you're splitting, AND ask nicely.  The Juicy Lucy is a fattty burger patty which has the cheese within the patty itself.  It, along with the other burgers, are completely customizable.  Not too shabby (:  The burgers are piled high, so take care in making sure you don't make a mess.  Their patties are juicy, the ingredients/veggies,etc. are fresh... what more could you ask for?I've tried their steak fries (fat and thick) and their sweet potato fries (sweet and neat) and wow.  Order their Sweet & Neats. Worth it.  They're clean, not oily, and just taste fresh!  Another thing to try is their special drink - The Juicy Lucy.  It's a bit on the sweeter side, so if you don't like that... maybe just grab a beer.We've gone twice in the past two nights we've stayed here and I don't usually eat the same thing twice...
4	Stopped by this joint and had a great lunch.  The "Juicy Lucy" was juicy.  The staff was kind enough to tell me to "bite gently" or risk splatter.  My coworker had the turkey burger and commented that it was the juiciest turkey burger he's ever had.  The chipotle ketchup and the roasted garlic mayo were great.  The service was very good and they even gave us a discount.  Overall a very good place.
5	I had been wanting to try this place for a while and finally had the chance to stop in.  We sat at a table in the bar area.  Wait staff was very friendly and attentive.  You fill out an order slip which has a large amount of toppings and sauces you can pick and add to your burger.  You can choose your size and beef, turkey, or veggie burger, and type of bun.  I ordered the "Juicy Lucy" burger which has the cheese cooked into the burger.  It was excellent - moist and tender with all the toppings of my choice! I've gone back since and had the turkey burger, also very good.  I really enjoyed the Mediterranean spices it's seasoned with.  A friend ordered the veggie burger and she enjoyed it as well.  Good food, friendly staff and relaxed atmosphere.
3	Excellent wings, good pizza, good burgers, good sweet potato fries (although the honey mustard served with was tasteless and terrible).We visited here because it was attached to the condo we were in and the concierge gave us free drink coupons.  The drinks were pretty stiff for freebies (another plus)!We actually came here twice.  The menu is fun--it's a litle worksheet where you check off what you would like.  The service was friendly if a little scattered.  On our first visit, the server had lots of trouble splitting our check in two and ended up double charging our friend.
4	Since there was a two for one yelp special decided to give it a try. I had the juicy Lucy which is a 8 oz burger stuffed with cheese , I chose the pepper jack. You choose your toppings 4 are free. I chose tomato ,lettuce ,pickles and thousand island dressing. The burger was the best burger I've had in awhile. it was, well juicy. We also had the sweet potato fries which came with a honey mustard tasting sauce. The fries tasted fresh like it was made in house. We also got the dessert which was ice cream sliders . Mini buns with vanilla bean ice cream , drizzled with chocolate sauce, pretty good. Service was excellent. Our server, I believe his name was Tyler was on the ball. This place is relatively expensive even with the two for one coupon. Tyler said we could use the yelp coupon as much times as we wanted :) .
4	Almost a perfect 5 but the bun fell apart because of all the toppings. The onion strings are the bomb. Huge pile of strings. The two of us had to leave a third of it behind. Bummer! Tasted the shake. Very rich deep chocolate flavor.Go to their website for coupons.
4	This place is so much better than I expected! I order a juicy lucy, which held true to it's name. Great flavor and cooked perfectly. I also had the sweet potato fries which came with some sort of honey mustard. It complimented the fries well.I sat at the bar, which is nice and quiet. It has a couple of flat screens and slots if you're into that. The only drawback would be the price. I paid around $18 for my burger and fries. Kind of a lot when you think of what you can get at MCDs.My favs are still in n out and burger bar, but this is a close third. Highly recommended. I'll be back!
5	My husband had the 7 ounce burger and steak fries.  I opted for a 7 ounce patty on greens.  Both were very tasty.  I liked the fact that we built our own and there were healthy options available (turkey burger or chicken breast).  For dessert, we shared the vanilla bean sliders - those were positively delicious.  We'll be back!!
4	FANTASTIC! We had a groupon ($10 for $20 worth of food) and I was with 3 friends and checked in on foursquare which scored us a FREE appetizer!! We got the fried onion string which come with cayenne ranch which was awesome. I got the 4oz on a wheat bun the burger was perfectly cooked and just the right size for a lady. the bun was super fresh a delish very soft but sturdy. My Fiance got the juicy lucy about 3 bites in his comment was "this is the best burger I have ever had!" the atmosphere was good and the wait staff was great ...the only reason it did not get 5 stars is I think fries should not be a la carte and the hostesses could use a bit of a boost but you cant expect much in Vegas. I will def be back esp with the yelp special!
5	Was out for the afternoon looking to eat elsewhere when we realized we hadn't tried Grind yet. Very pleasently suprised. Very clean, comfortable cool bar and lounge. Tony the bar tender was always smiling and on the spot and very generous. One of the managers, Scott stopped by and welcomed us and told of us the story of the place. You order the burger from the bottom up any way you like with 20 different sauces. I got a Bleu cheese style that was equal to or better than a  Stripburger but not quite as expensive, indoors and better flavors due to different sauces. My wife loved the turkey burger also. We got a pizza to go that is made with the same ingredients of the old Due's that is now closed next door sans the brick oven. Little longer to make but the great taste is still there. I found myself eating half the pizza on the way home after the burger not due to lack of portions. Just could'nt help myself. Overall great location, great venue, great people and service and excellent food.
4	I came here twice during our stay at the Bluegreen Club 36 right next door. The hotel gave us 2 complimentary drinks with purchase of 2 entrees tickets. So we thought we might as well put the free drinks to use.I tried the Turkey Burger (8.95) and the Juicy Lucy (9.95). They were both really good. I couldn't finish both burgers the 2 times i ordered a burger. They were on the bigger portion side. But I liked how you can customize up to 4 toppings, cheese, sauce, bun, extra sides for extra charge, and your type of meat. They gave you a check list to fill out what you want. I liked bubbling the circles in haha.I also tried one of their salads called Grind Chop Chop for $8.95. It had a good variety of veggies in it. I choose a glass of sauvignon blanc for my complimentary drink and it was good.Service was normal. It was enough attention and friendliness. This place had a regular dining place and a bar in the other room. Prices were decent for the amount of food you get. I would definitely come back to eat and drink again if I'm in vegas or stayed at a place near here.
4	I really do like this place. Great burgers, dressed up anyway you want. The service is good the food is hot and fresh. If you are looking for something quick, there are plenty of fast food burger places around. If you want a great burger, made-to-order, then you might want to try this. Especially if you are headed to a UNLV game.
5	I only found out about this place because of they were on the daily Groupon....and I'm so glad I did! They were awesome - from the moment you walked in the door, the servers were friendly, and attentive. The food was excellent and had such great flavor!First, my boyfriend and I split a vanilla shake and it was to die for! We fought over it til it was gone. Vanilla seems pretty boring, but not when it's done right. You could tell that the ingredients weren't cheap, but high quality and definitely stood out!Our burgers were cooked exactly the way we ordered them. The burgers were big a juicy, and I love that you got to customize them to whatever you like. It did seem a little expensive if you were adding toppings, but the extra money was worth it. The special on Yelp seems like a great deal, and we definitely will be back!! Thanks Grind for an excellent date night out :)
5	The Best Burgers in Town Bar NONE!You have to Come Here!  You will not be disappointed
2	Ordered the juicy 8 ounce burger with folded in cheddar cheese on a wheat bun with happy hour chicken strips. The chicken strips were lightly breaded & slightly singed, but you could taste the char, kinda weird.The burger arrived hot, along with the bun & a generous helping of toppings. I liked how juicy it was, but it didn't live up to expectations, when it came to taste. The burger was seemingly flavorless.The person that came with me ordered the same burger and also said that it lacked enough flavor to justify it's cost. He even mentioned of visiting a fast food company afterwards.The burgers were juicy, but when it comes to flavor and because of the higher cost, I would suggest finding another location to get one. Minus two stars for lack of flavor and one star off for the server not checking to see how my meal was going.
5	SO FANTASTIC!  I couldn't finish my burger and I still wanted to eat it.  I had the Juicy Lucy with cheddar, sauteed mushrooms & onions, bacon, garlic mayo, and piled onion strings from our side order on top.  Oh my!!  It was fantastic, cooked perfectly and totally worth the price.  Service was great also.  Always attentive, never rushed us.  For those who said it was flavorless, you must've caught them on a bad day.  4/4 in my party said their food was great.  For those who mentioned the McEvil Giant.... How dare you?!?!?!  That's like comparing a Datsun to a Mercedes- sure they are both cars and one is a lot cheaper, but that's where the similaries end!  This burger was fantastic (I wanted to come back the next day, seriously!), and like I said, totally worth the price, even for a bargain-hunter like me.  Between Groupons, Yelp specials, and happy hour, price really isn't a factor, is it?
2	We had a two for one coupon from one of the servers so the bf and I decided to try this on one of our nights out. No no no no. I dont care what it is, there is NO reason for two burgers and an order of fries and two drinks should be THIRTY dollars with a two for one. No reason. We didn't add fanciful stuff to our burgers, we didn't get appetizers, we got a little newcastle and a little margarita. And I mean little. I would say half a pint each. Not enough for a smurf to get a buzz off of. We shared the fries which were ok...but not fanfreakintastic. The burgers were Ok at best. When we got the bill both of our eyebrows shot up...really? We just spent thirty bucks on hamburgers? And a shared order of fries? Service was meh. I see this as yet another restaurant that is subpar but that people with too much money will drop loads in because it has a cool logo...yeahhhhh.I guess the grind is your money going down the garbage dispenser.
4	This place deserves a review upgrade from me! I purchased the Living Social deal for this place and it's lucky that I did. I don't think I would have given this place another shot if not for that deal. I came here with my fella and mom for a relatively late night meal. I ordered the 4oz with mushrooms, peppers and chili. DELISH! The toppings were so fantastic and the burger was so moist and flavorful. One of the best patties I've had in town. This experience was ten times better than my first visit here. I'm so glad I gave this place another chance. YUM.
4	We liked this place. It's about a half block west of the thomas & mack.I had the juicy lucy with pepper jack inside, wheat bunMy toppings were lettuce, jalapenos, ajvar mayo, chipotle ketchup.DELISH but next time I'll try different sauces.V had the med size burger [forgot the name], wheat bun, cheddarwith toppings: ranch, lettuce, and 2 others which I can't remember.Said it was good.Onion strings were excellent, Fat steak cut fries were excellent. [Good for dipping into the sauces since they're served on the side.]We shared and took some of both home for later, too.We cut the burgers in half and each of us took 1/2 home for latera bit Pricey ... about $34 after tax before tip; we had no alcohol, only 1 soda and water ... Will definitely be back but not too oftenServers were excellent!!And there's an ABC market in the same center!!
4	When I come to Vegas I always stay at the Blue Green, so coming to Grind Burger is a must.  From a vegetarian standpoint, my review is rather limited to their appetizers and their meatless burger.Firstly, the ambiance is ok, very modern, lots of metallic and dark colors.  There's only one bathroom per gender, and the door is frosted glass, which is a little unnerving for me.  You receive a paper menu and you "build-your-own-burger" or select one of their specialty items like the Juicy Lucy, which according to my friend, was fantastic.I got a meatless, bunless burger, with mushrooms, asparagus (special topping, costs more), provolone, onions, and the vinaigrette dressing.  So I guess I essentially got a salad LOL.  The meatless burger was hands-down the best veggie burger I've ever had.  Don't know what was in it, but it was dense, and full of flavor.The onion strings were pretty good, except they're super greasy.  My fingers were soaked with oil after every bite :-/  The fries were not so greasy, and just as delicious.Overall, not a bad place to go as a vegetarian :)
4	A bit pricey, but a nice change of pace.  The milkshake is made from real ice cream, but isn't spectacular.  It's a build it yourself burger, so if it sucks, it's mostly your fault.  I chose blue cheese, marinated onions and roasted garlic mayo as toppings. Nice meaty flavor on the burger.  The sweet potato fries were very interesting. They are served w/ honey mustard sauce, which sounds strange, but complimented the fries very well.It's a nice  change of pace from 5 Guys and In-n-out, both of which have high quality meat.  I would describe Grind as similar to Fat Burger or Fudruckers, but with better ambiance. You pay extra for the ambiance.
3	First a little bit about the location. The restaurant is in a desolate part of town nestled between the airport, the Thomas and Mack Center, and a huge field of dirt behind the MGM Grand. There is an Einstein's and a couple other things in this parking lot, but I don't think I ever would have thought to stop at this strip mall until now. The interior is modern-ish, kind of a more industrial version of Chipotle with exposed brick and mechanical ducts. The bar area in the back seemed fairly cool, with a big funky light fixture draped from the ceiling, bar-top machines and a fairly stocked liquor selection. The restaurant is entirely hard surfaces; I imagine it gets pretty loud in there when it's packed. Which it wasn't when I was there...As for the 2 for 1 offer, I brought a coupon of my own even though I was going to eat alone. I figured that instead of looking like a pig I could eat one burger at the restaurant, and then get a totally different one to go and sample it back at my office. There were absolutely no expiration dates, rules or stipulations on this coupon, it just stated 'buy one get one free' and had a little blurb about their happy hour. So I was quite surprised when the waitress told me that it wasn't valid for takeout, and didn't hide my reaction. Instead of arguing she took the coupon and went into the kitchen to speak to someone about it. After a few minutes she came back out and told me they would grant my request even though normally this wasn't allowed. Apparently it was her manager's last day and this lady 'didn't care.' Lucky for me, because I do.Now to the food. The menu is set up as a do-it-yourself burger; there are absolutely no pre-designed burgers to choose from. While I love the freedom, you are probably starting to notice that I hate the laziness of all burger joints by not giving the customer a few creative items of their own. Also for a 'burger bar', there are a lot of odd choices on the menu like Thai calamari, edamame and pizza. But I guess not everyone that goes into a place called Grind Burger Bar wants to eat a burger. The burger choices are fairly standard, amount of meat, how you want it cooked, cheeses, toppings... not much in the way of bun selection, just regular, whole wheat or lettuce. They offer quite a few sauces, and I had a hard time selecting just one. I did have my second burger which I was taking with me so it made my choice a bit easier.For my first burger I went with lettuce, tomato, marinated mushrooms and the chipotle ketchup. I chose 'rare', but wasn't quite expecting what actually came out, a burger that was grilled just right on the outside, but completely raw in the middle! To some this might be gross, but I was very excited by this. The meat had good flavor, and there was actually a bit more meat than bun which I always like. The regular bun was good, but the flavor of it was so strong compared to the slight lack in flavor of the meat and toppings that it almost took over the flavor of the entire meal. The lettuce was shredded, which I think is useless on anything but a taco. Still overall the burger was quite good. Another rarity for me was ordering the fat fries instead of skinny, which had great flavor to them as well surprisingly. The chipotle ketchup had great flavor, and a nice bite to it. I used it on my burger as well as for all my fries.The second burger that I got to go was a similar setup so I could compare apples to apples, or burgers to burgers in this case, but went with the cayenne pepper ranch dressing per a recommendation from my waitress as their best sauce. By the time I got back to my office, settled in and had any sort of motivation to take a bite out of it was a little while later, but it still had great flavor and I actually liked the bun a bit more now that it was slightly soggy. The sauce was very disappointing, but I wasn't upset because the burger still tasted good. And before you judge me any further, I literally had only two bites of this one about an hour after that first one, and never went back to it. I'm on a diet after all.And now for my obligatory negativity to the article: the price. Ignoring my second burger because it was free, $16.70 is far too much for a sit down, but fairly casual burger joint meal. The burger was $8.95 which isn't bad for the quality of the meat and everything, but another $4(!!!) for fries, and $2 for an iced tea push this to the point of being a bit too overpriced. I suppose if you're eating with a friend and using the abundant 2 for 1 coupon it's suddenly not so bad, but for the average person that might not know these offers exist, this ends up being about double of what I would expect it to cost. Hence the coupon.I definitely wouldn't write this place off. If you can get past the odd location and find yourself a coupon I would absolutely recommend it.
5	Had a 10$ for 20$ groupon. And without it I'm sure I would of never of came in. That would of been a mistake. Doesn't look like much from the outside.The employees are helpful. And its quite amusing going over the menu and circling what you want. From burgers or pizza and other bar food. Though it can't be classified as bar food. You can sit at the bar or tables.  My drink never was left unattended. And for a Wednesday it started out a little empty but the later it got more people came in. The dining area isn't the biggest but they make great use of the space.I ordered the juicy Lucy Burger. Its 2 patties and in-between them is a cheese of your choice.  I went with Cheddar and regular Mayo they have different Mayo's you can put on your Burger. And you get 4 toppings free. A order of sweet potatoes is big enough for two. The Burger was well put together and huge. They have a nice drink menu and flatscreen TVs throughout. The shakes are 7.00 and they have adult shakes as well. I'm a fan and will be back.
5	Great food and service, very good first time visit.
5	My favorite burger spot....Above Smash Burger and Five guys below the burger bar but barely with much better prices.
5	I never would have went here if it hadn't been for the $10 for $20 Groupon, but I'm SO HAPPY I did...and a little sad - this place is going to cost me MAJOR fat tax.Went here for lunch with my boss & I had an 8 oz. medium rare burger with a wheat bun, tomato, pickle, mushrooms, lettuce, provolone cheese and garlic mayo.  Although the burger trended more toward the medium side, I was still delighted in my juicy, flavorful burger.He had a Juicy Lucy with swiss, a fried egg, and some other random toppings plus garlic mayo.  I had a bite.  It was messy, it was dripping, it was greasy...in other words, it was one of the best burgers I have ever had.We split an order of steak fries.  Yum.I was slightly jaded of these build your own burger joints after trying I Love Burgers (no bueno), but Grind did me right.  Even the service was super.  I will be back!
3	it was aight. i gota togo order so im sure it would be a bit better if i had eaten it there. got the juicy lucy medium reg bun with pepperjack.marinated onion lettuce tomato and pickles. short and fat fries and a chocolate shake. that shake was awesome! the burger and fries were good, but i think it was just a lil bit colder since i had to take it home to eat.
2	This place is just so average for what you get. My boyfriend, sister, her bf and I decided to try out this place after a long day of shopping. We all ended up getting a burger, split 3 fries and ordered 2 drinks. The bill came out to 66 dollars before tip. Now this wasn't even close to the best burger any of us have ever had. I got a chicken burger on a wheat bun and it was extremely dry. Everyone else felt theirs was just average too. The fries were good but still not worth the trip down here. I just felt so ripped off walking out of there and know I'll never be returning. I now realize why it was so dead in the restaurant during prime dinner hours.
3	Used my living social deal. And then I saw the yelp special after, so I don't think buying the living social is necessary. I had a turkey burger, which was decent and my fries were good. Nothing to write home about, if I was in the neighborhood and craving a burger I'd come back but not go out of my way.
3	nothing spectacular here... the burgers itself were OK, a bit overpriced, and i think you pay for the ambiance.. which is quite cool.sweet potato fries weren't great, a forgettable experience... try someplace else :(
5	My husbands idea to give this place a try, I hadn't heard of it, and he had gotten a two for one coupon, so why not today.  You order the burger to your liking with cheese cooked right into the burger!  Wow, how juicy that made it, great idea.  I got the "juicy lucy" with a wheat bun, picked out american cheese, and my added toppings included, lettuce, tomato, pickles and raw onion, for my sauce, I got the garlic mayo,  it was a really good burger!  We got sweet potato fries with our burgers and the sauce was honey mustard that turned out to be a great combo.  For desert we got the ice cream sliders.  What a cute idea.  This was a good burger, I still think about it, but, it's a high end burger, so would come in again, but definitely need a little helpful coupon!
3	Typical burger bar.  Pick your burger and pick your toppings (4 are included, more than 4 is additional $).  3 choices of fries.  There are a few other offerings on the menu like pizzas.  Service was good.  There's a bar area and a dining area.  They only serve beer and wine.  Food is good.  Overall, a little bit pricey for what you get.  I had a Groupon.
4	Close to campus and better and cheaper than smashburger!  The sweet potato fries are gods gift from heaven!
5	Best Burger I've ever had! The Juicy Lucy is to die for! Highly recommend! Be ready to give birth to a food baby!
4	Decent burger place, get 1 free with Yelp helps!!
4	Found an awesome Groupon deal for this place. $12 for $25 worth of food. Yay! It's located a few blocks from the strip, but very close to my hotel the Hard Rock. Gets very busy during lunch time, you might have to sit at the bar if you can't wait. We ended up sitting at the bar because they told us it would be a 45min wait. The bartender/waitress was very nice and we had a good conversation with out about Vegas/touring etc. This place is a lot like The Counter (in bay area CA). You make your own burgers. Different from the Counter, you can specify how you want the patty cooked. Overall, my burger was ok. It was very huge though and I had a hard time putting it in my mouth (that's what she said). Lots of mushrooms! The sweet potato fries are served with honey mustard and they're great. They've got a great 2 for 1 deal through Yelp. Stop on by if you're hungry.
4	First time to Grind was with a GROUPON. That was money well spent. We have been back five times and have taken folks there twice who are now customers.This is a really clean eating area that is lit during the day with bright sunlight from the huge windowed area. There is also a bar separated by a glass wall.There are low regular tables and some bar type high stools. Everyone can see the TV's all around that are usually carrying some sports game or show. The atmosphere is quite friendly. The Staff is super friendly, knowledgeable, and just plain good people.When you get seated you are given a clipboard with the menu and a pencil. There so many combinations of things to check off your head will spin. To me the 7oz. Burgers are the best. Pick what kind of roll you want and then just start stacking stuff on it until it looks like something only Dagwood could get his mouth around. If you like onions raw, grill, or otherwise try the Marinated Onions on your burger. I've never had quite this flavor before. Fries in different sizes plus sweet potato fries. I like skinny fries. There are enough to share with your partner. Get the Chipolte Catsup it has a nice "zip" to it. There is regular Catsup and Mustard on each table so, if you are not a sauce person the regular American "normal" stuff is there for you.The price isn't bad especially if you have a coupon. YELP has one for here 2 for 1. Just print it out and take it along,BTW: Water, Soda, Beer, and Wine are nice and cold. Mixed drinks are available too.We like it and keep going back. Best Time= late afternoon.Wheelchair is OK.
4	Tasty
4	Fair warning: this is STAUNCHLY a UNLV Rebels place. DO NOT go in there wearing any other college. You will get maddogged. Fortunately I had a sweatshirt to throw on over my UCSB shirt (go Gauchos!).So I've driven by this place a lot, and along with Elite Emily and Hec went to try it out last night. I was well pleased, I must admit. The 45-minute wait I was threatened with was a bit daunting, but we actually got seated much closer to 15 minutes. I like how it's almost all build-your-own style... they have some pizzas and salads, but the crux of the restaurant comes from building your own ground beef temple of amazing. I went with a 7 oz medium patty on wheat buns with lettuce, tomato, and barbecue sauce. Simple, yet tasty, although the meat was looking a little more pink than I might have liked. Elite Emily and Hec went for the Juicy Lucy, Grind Burger's signature. It's a meat patty stuffed with cheese. It's like a jelly donut, except made of meat and cheese. They seemed to like it.Health-conscious people will enjoy the fact that there's turkey and veggie patties and whole wheat buns or bunless. Health-unconscious people will enjoy the fact that they have regular and spiked milkshakes.I guess the only real dislike I have of this place is its location. It's at the Bluegreen resort, off of Tropicana by the airport. It seems to me like this area of Tropicana between the Strip and UNLV was in line to be a bustling area, touristy enough to be appealing to tourists, but non-Strip enough to make the locals deal with it. Well, that idea must have fallen through, because it's the ONLY thing in between UNLV and the strip. Which means if you're going eastbound on Tropicana, and you're like, "Oooh, Grind Burger, let's check that place out," Grind Burger says, "HAHA! You have been THWARTED!! You drive on down until you're allowed to make a legal U-turn, then maybe, JUST MAYBE, I can let you feast on my meaty, beefy goodness!" And when you're leaving, you are forced to go westbound on Tropicana. Wanna go east? Tough titties! You're going west, and you'll like it!I feel like 3.5 start would be most appropriate here, but in lieu of that, I'll favor the food the extra half-star.
4	I came back to Grind Burger to redeem my Groupon recently. I also notice that there is a coupon in the Entertainment coupon book that I look forward to redeeming as well. On top of the Yelp check-in offer, make sure you take advantage of one of these offers.The food is still on par and I enjoy the ambiance for the most part. Still not a great fan of building my own burger, but I think I'm starting to get the hang of it. I wish they would add pineapple as one of the topping options so I could build a proper teriyaki burger. All in all a good option for a meaty and juicy burger, minus their awkward location.
5	Great quality meat and toppings ^_^ good service from the bartender too! ^_^
2	Great burgers!  Great wait staff!  I'm giving only 2 stars because the food prices are just plain silly.  I mean, seriously, a $10 burger and fries are extra?  Regular fries should just be part of the meal, just like pretty much every other burger joint in town.  But it's even worse than that: They charge $3.99 for standard, regular ol' white potato fries!  Sorry, folks, but that's B.S.  Yes, they make a fine burger.  No, you shouldn't have to pay extra for regular fries.  And hell no, you shouldn't pay $3.99 for regular fries!One other suggestion:  more draft beer options, plz.
5	Grind is a staple as far as burgers go.  I try and go at least once a month. Each time I go I try and create a "theme" for my burger(you get a clipboard with all the  additions options they have for burgers. They dont have a menu per say, you build your own burger) last night I did a south of the border burger. Pepper jack cheese, Avacado, black beans and garlic, and salsa cruda. No SUPRISE it was amazing.  Add a side of sweet potatoe fries and my meal was complete. To wash it all down I tried for the first time an adult milkshake; chocolate icecream, frangelco, and butter scotch liquor-my only disappointment was I didn't try this on one of my prior  visits. It will be a must on my future visits however.
5	One of the BEST burgers I've ever had!!! I love this place because you can get any burger any style and the fries (doesn't matter what kind you get) are amazing!! If you haven't been here you NEED to go!!!
5	Friendly reception is always a good start. And the servers, plural because we had to go back, we great. Both times the servers were attentive and extremely friendly. Now to the food. I had their biggest burger, which was an 8oz, and it was seasoned perfectly and stuffed with cheese. There were also many different toppings to choose from from your regular lettuce and tomatoes to their special toppings, different mayo and dressings. My wife had the chicken breast sandwich and she loved hers too. We will definitely come back for a third time the next time we visit Vegas.
5	No connection, but this grill is great! Excellent burgers and wonderful staff!. Want a good burger, this is the best in town.
3	First time to visit this place, my cousin recommended it. Nice clean place, staff are friendly and no wait time. Concept is really fun, like answering an exam paper, shading items that you like to order. Food came out really good and tasty. Why 3stars only? Because they forgot my husband's pizza and they said they burnt it and asked us if we want to order something else; but burgers and pizza cooking time are the same so we just told them to re-make the pizza. The server said she will take it off the bill coz we had to wait a long time. But unfortunately when the bill arrived we still got charged full price. Not really a good first impression for first time customers. My husband had to remind them about the pizza incident and they apologized but they still did not take it off the bill, but only charged us half the prize of the pizza. My husband did not want to argue so we just paid and left. The food was really good, I would love to come back but I just have second thoughts because of the way they handled their mistake.
5	Popped in for a burgerPopped in for a burger and was pleased with what we received . Had a great mushroom burger with the fixens I wanted. Service was prompt and complete. I highly recommend for there great service and food.
4	I really love that you can basically build your own burger here, everything from the bun to meat and all the toppings. Turkey burgers normally sound kind of meh but theirs are delicious and juicy.
5	Came here today and had the build it yourself pizza , which was very good and happy hour 2 dollar draft!!!!!! My wife had the burger very good place to eat and very convenient walk from our room. We will be back hopefully the next time we come back with our family and stay in the presidential suite! Great wait staff and a very cool atmosphere , kimmy our server was very nice and very helpful she is what all of Vegas should be like.
5	Walked in to this industrial themed restaurant to slide into some seriously comfy chairs (do not know why) and get a burger that rivals any you've ever had or heard of.First, you're the boss. The menu is extensive and varied. You can have pretty much anything you want on your burger AND LOVE IT. I had a medium rare burger, 7 oz., with tomatoes, lettuce, jalapenos, ketchup, bacon (mmmmm..tasty bacon - RECOMMEND) and avocado! It was so good I almost ran and got my sleeping bag and set up homestead right IN that place. We also got the french fried onions. Taste meltdown. Have them, you will not be disappointed.Also, Diet Coke. Did not get left empty at all, not once. The service was pretty, pretty good. Aside from asking for napkins and not getting them AND the place being ice box cold, I'm just planning my next trip there. I'll bring my own napkins and just wear a coat next time!Having lived on both coasts and having eaten 5 Guys AND In-N-Out regularly, I have to say that this place makes those places taste like Burger King. I'd finish writing my review, but I have to have some more Grind Burger!
4	Great burgers, shakes, fries... The choose-your-own-toppings menu is like a Scantron test!  It's a lot smaller inside than it looks outside, but does have a separate bar area. Gotta come back and try their version of a Juicy Lucy (Minnesotan hamburger with cheese filling)!
3	Not sure why I'm giving it only 3 stars - may be it has to do with me going to this place on a Monday afternoon (it's Vegas off-strip) and the bar being completely empty and me just playing black jack while working on my coke (soda that is), or perhaps the highly anticipated "The Juicy Lucy" burger disappointing me - it did live up to it's name though (made a freakin mess of my fingers - juicy lucy...sure). But the bartender was rather pleasant and I did walk away with 40 bucks from black jack, and the bartender also gave me free "The Jucy Lucy" postcards :)To sum it all up, The Grinde is definitely worth checking out. The outdoor seating looked kindda nice, but they had this song blasting from the speakers up top, so not sure about that. JI would suggest getting something else from the menu, other than The Juicy Lucy; did not impress me.
4	This place was one of my top local places in my draft pick of places to eat in Vegas. I'm a burger guy and this place specializes in serving up some of the best burgers, with some premium toppings as well. My party and I decided to go with the build a burger option. Their menu is on a clip board and it lays out the entire menu in checkbox form. A full proof way to always get orders right. I felt like I was being quizzed on what I thought makes a good burger. The beer/ menu is adequate as well as the wine menu. There is also a full bar.I throughly enjoyed every bite of my juicy burger, fries and Shock Top beer. What's up with Vegas establishments not being smoke free.
3	Decent food.Better pizza than the pizza place in the same strip mall.
4	We had a groupon so we gave this place a shot.  We were happy we did.  To start, we got the chicken tenders.  This is a lot for $10, and they are juicy.  The breading is not overly greasy or thick.  Recommended.  The cayenne ranch they serve with them is out of this world.  Best sauce we had.I had the juicy lucy with blue cheese, bacon, and fried onions.  Be advised you get a LOT of onions for the $1.50 to add them.  There are a ton of toppings and sauces to choose from.  The burger was moist all the way through.  The blue cheese is of excellent quality.  My wife and I each got a side of french fries.  One is enough to share.  I prefer the skinnier fries.Overall, we definitely recommend this place.
3	Very good burgers .... menu is a little confusing. For the novice. Service is a little inattentive. Bar area smells really bad.
4	This place would have gotten 5 stars if it just wasn't so expensive. Otherwise the food was great. I had a turkey burger with no bun, with cheddar cheese, green peppers and avocado. It was tasty and not dry like many turkey burgers. My husband had a burger and liked his too. When we got there, during Superbowl, the staff sat us quickly and helped us figure out the menu. Our waitress was friendly and seemed to care about her customers. The fried onions were fantastic! We are staying in the hotel that houses the Grind so I'm sure we'll be back, but we'll watch the cost a bit more.Added: We did go back the last night of our trip and loved it! The busser was fantastic both nights and really made the night for us. I swore I would remember his name and don't but he was the highlight just due to friendliness and watching this kid do a bit of everything and doing it with a smile. Thanks!
4	This burger place is awesome! I love how you ordering is done differently.. They give you a peice of paper and you check off what you would like on your burger.. Your burger is made from scratch.. I must warn you everything is a la cart so it may get a little pricey including the fries and drinks. Service is great.. server always checks on you making sure your ok.. I would reccomend this place if your always looking for a new place to eat.. i would definitely come back here again!
2	We came on a Tuesday evening and ordered a 10oz Juicy Lucy burger, american cheese, lettuce, grilled onion and mushrooms, bbq sauce with a fried egg for the sides, french fries and mozzarella sticks. We used a 12 for $25 groupon plus 4 bucks. - 3 MOZZARELLA BALLS for $7? ROBBERY! tasted like something that came from Smith's frozen food and put it on a nice plate. - 6 bucks for french fries. at least 2 people can share it. again, nothing special. tall and thin. crispy.  - They won't cut the burger for you. No extra knives. Henry's Burger's is way better and they give you 2 patties. But with honesty,  overall the burger was good. It was cooked well done. I was hoping for a bit red, especially for gourmet style.- I don't even know why we tipped. the watiress didn't help us for nothin. we took our own order. All she did was hand us our food and gave a check. The bus boy was the one that refilled our drinks. - Even with the Groupon deal, it was theft! Don't come here. The counter is a better recommendation.  :(
3	EXPENSIVE for a burger joint. $1.50 for bacon and $1.50 for avocado on top of the $10.99 price of the burger? Oh and no fries included with that, those are $3.99-$4.99 extra depending on if you want regular or sweet potato fries. I got the juicy lucy which was a 8 or 10oz patty "stuffed" with cheese (i.e. 2 thin patties with cheese squished between them). The burgers where awesome, the fries were nothing special. Good dipping sauce selections. Like shakes are like $6.99 if you want one. I got a Groupon here, so it was okay that it was overpriced. Definitely would never pay full price here. Also, this is located on Tropicana by the airport, right off the strip.
3	Had a Groupon for this place so my coworkers and I decided to hit it up on Fri. We sat in the bar area, which was pretty loud but our server (Nicole) was really cool. The overall food quality was fairly good and I liked that they have happy hour specials. The chicken finger app was really good, but mostly because of the sauce that it comes with. The chicken wings were delicious also. My burger was tasty although nothing special. And the fries I got were very generic, like they came out of the freezer. For the prices, I would have expected better. Overall a good experience but I don't know that I'd want to pay those prices for middle-of-the-road food again.
5	Where else can you order a burger rare?For some people, the above statement sends chills down their spine. For me, it puts a smile on my face. Not to say I like my meat still moving, but given the right cut of meat, there's nothing better than a mid-rare grill. Grind Burger Bar is a one trick pony, but that pony is a friggin stallion. They do burgers, and they do them well. From the bun quality (amazing) to the meat, to the special "extras" available, they know how to put together a spectacular burger. The onion straws & avocado are two favorites of mine to add. They give you enough onion straws for 2 or 3 burgers (hint hint, you don't need to order a side of onion straws - your welcome). I generally don't order the fries because the burger is 'uge. But I've had the fries, definitely good, but I'm not a french fry connoisseur to be honest. So if you're ever in the area, give Grind Burger a try. Good burger, good service, good atmosphere. You can almost always find a coupon or groupon for Grind Burger, which makes the value that much better. I'd pay full price, but as they say at Payless, why pay more when you can pay less?
5	Yummy burgers and neat menu
2	**Summary**       - The Juicy Lucy - They stuff cheese inside a burger patty and cook it. It's pretty different and delicious if done right. You have cheese oozing out of every bite. The downside is sometimes they screw up and all the cheese is on one side so the other side is just dry. Or, there's a huge hole on one side of the burger and all the cheese oozes out after the first bite.       - Quality - The burgers are pretty good, but not leaps and bounds above any other decent burger joint.       - Price - At around $10 for a burger with $0.75 to $1.50 up charge for cheeses and "premium toppings," your burger can run to $15 easy. Add $4 fries and a $3 coke, and it's over $20 a person pre-tax/tip.**Recommendations**       - I'd wouldn't really recommend the place. However, if you do go, try the Juicy Lucy. Overall, it just seems like overpriced burgers.
5	Best burger in Vegas.  Accidentally took a wrong turn and found this place, ever so slightly off the strip, and boy was I glad  I did.  I had the Juicy Lucy.  The 8oz. burger with your choice of cheese stuffed inside.  It was cooked to perfection.  Then you get your choice of four free toppings and can add as many additional as you want.  I had the standard fare of lettuce, tomato, and marinated onions, but topped it off with one of their signature sauces, the roasted garlic mayo.  We also got there for happy hour and got an appetizer of fried mozzarella in a garlic tomato sauce that was beyond compare for half-price.  The service was outstanding, the waitress even suggested we all not order fries because one order served enough for two people.  At any one time there were three people servicing our table, so our drinks stayed full and dishes were swept away.   I loved the concept of receiving your own clipboard to bubble in your menu selections.  I thought it was a great way to prevent errors, especially when building your own burger.  Some might say it is pricey, but I say it is no worse than any place on the strip, and an overall much better experience.  I wish I would have discovered this place on my first day in Vegas instead of my last, I would have eaten here every night.
4	It has been a ritual of mine to grab a burger from Grind every time I fly back to Vegas from somewhere. Juicy Lucy welcoming me home. I like being in control of what I want on my burger. I like getting the tall and skinny fries and dipping them in garlic mayo or pesto...I'm addicted to them!
3	The burgers here are quite good, at least the one I had today. Top 3 or 4 in town and that's saying something because I like my burgers!I had one of the "Juicy Lucy" ones and it was indeed juicy with melted cheese in the meat in every bite. The toppings were also very good. For the most part, I can't complain about the quality of the burger itself.The sweet potato fries were also good and I really liked the sauce that came with them.With that said, the prices here are too high. Milkshakes are almost $7.00 and while the vanilla one I had was good, it wasn't $7.00 good. (Also, minus points for no malt.)The extra charge for more toppings is equally ridiculous. $0.75 per after 4 including the sauces? Really?If I go back, it's just burgers and no more than 4 toppings. This is easily a 4 star place if it's just a little cheaper--particularly the incidentals.
4	First off, this is my first review! So...my hubby and I recently saw a repeat of How I Met Your Mother where they were on the search to find the best burger ever. Well, a week later I was still thinking about the show and more so about getting an amazing burger. This led us to trying Grind. And well, no disappointments here! Totally satisfied my burger craving! I had a 7 oz medium ( had to go for it!) on whole wheat with the basic toppings plus garlic mayo and chipotle ketchup. It was the perfect amount of grease. Not too much, but there, and just yum. Hubs got the Juicy Lucy and it was a bit much for him on the liquid grease factor. Overall, the food was delish. Also had pretty good service. My issue would be how high the ceilings were and what an open space it is translated to sound travel and there was a loud party thus one less star. It was also pretty expensive - about $60 for two burgers, an order a fries and a few beers. Overall though, if you want a great burger in town, this is a great place for one!!
4	Grind does not have the feel of a sit down like other burger restaurants, but they are not fast food either. It has a feel similar to a cafeteria with it's neutral colors and metal furnishing. My friend and I came in and sat at the bar. The bartender greeted us promptly and explained how everything worked. Options is the style at Grind. With so many options, it is easy to get lost and rack up the bill. The selection of condiments is astounding. The aiolis alone make up half the list. Besides all of those, they offer a large variety of regular and premium options. I opted for the "Juicy Lucy" since it was touted as the specialty of the house. It is an 8oz. burger stuffed with a cheese of choice. Each burger comes with an option of four toppings or sauces. I went with pepper jack cheese, peppercinis,  marinaded mushrooms, peppers, and onions. The last three items did not taste like they were marinaded in anything. The burger was still delicious since the cheese and the pickled peppers added some flavor. The burger itself was "juicy" and cooked to a nice medium. Fries do not come with any of the sandwiches. If you want, they are an addition and tend to be enough for two people. We skipped on the fries and added an order of buffalo wings and were set. Splitting both was enough to satisfy us without leaving us stuffed.
5	Searching for this place may be a pain depending on which side you are coming from on Trop.  Sadly, I was on the wrong direction (East).My friend and I decided to check this place out since it was advertised at UNLV.  Once inside, my friend and I were impressed by how many TV's they had.  Great place to catch a game.  Our host seated us quick since it was lunch and the crowd wasn't so bad.  Our server was very friendly, gave us tips and preferences (The Lucy).  I read about it before I came in and was already committed on getting it.Ordering was pretty simple, but takes quite long since it was our first time here. We had hard time figuring out what the sauces were.  Place reminds me of another place that also lets us choose what was going to be on our burger (Just less additional options).  I ended up with the lucy on wheat with pepper jack, grilled onions and mushrooms with a side buffalo style hot sauce and cayenne pepper ranch sauce.  To top it off, I added the egg (over medium).  When it came out, wOw.  The patty looked impressive because of the cheese being inside of it.  Fair warning, cheese maybe hot inside.  First bite, ouch.  My burger was quite messy given the over easy egg.  i ended up pouring the sauces over the dripped yolk on my plate and just smiring my burger all over before each bite.  I like the taste of the sauce, spicy with ranch.  There was another gentlemen supporting our server.  He made sure that our drinks were always refilled constantly.  We also got wedges on the side, nothing too spectacular so you should give the swt potatoes a try instead.  Side note: my server was extra nice, she offered my drink in a togo cup since was signing check when I asked for a refill.  I believe that the manager on staff also came around to ask how our meal was. Parking is extra spacious and a plenty.
4	This was my second time at Grind Burger Bar, a build your own burger joint; and both times I really enjoyed my burger.  This time I had a 7 oz. medium-rare Fresh Ground Chuck Burger on a Regular Bun with American Cheese; regular toppings Lettuce, Tomato, Sliced Pickles, Raw Onions, Marinated Mushrooms, and Mayonnaise; and premium topping Onion Strings.  Whew!  That was a mouthful, just like the near-1/2 lb. burger.  To go with the succulent burger, I selected Tall & Thin Potatoes (French Fries), which were slightly crisp and quite tasty in their own right.  And, to wash everything down I sipped a pretty good and pretty thick Chocolate Milkshake made with hand scooped ice cream and Chocolate Syrup.  All went down well, except hardly any mushrooms were provided.  The juicy burger, which I further dressed with tomato ketchup and mild yellow mustard, was excellent, but because it quickly threatened to fall apart, I hastened to consume it quickly--which wasn't easy to do.The surroundings here are rather austere, with wooden chairs, small plain tables, and a window view of a large parking lot.  But, with hard rock music playing n the background as I concentrated on finishing off my delicious burger, I hardly cared.  And, even though, with its many piled up ingredients, I could barely get my mouth around this skyscraper burger, I was yet glad that I ordered the Onion Strings, because, resting on the top of the pile directly under the doughy lid, they supplied a nice toothsome crunch to each gargantuan, taste-bud-satisfying bite!
4	I like good old school food.  I go out of my way to find it where ever I go.  I'm not into high end, $100 plate meals.  Give me a solid, fresh meal and I'm a happy camper.We got a chance to hit this place up.  It was about a 10 minute walk from the MGM where we were staying.  We happened to go around lunch hour on a Monday.  Our waitress was very nice and very attentive.  The burgers were super fresh.  Honestly was not too far off from some of my favorite burgers of all time. There was a good array of options to choose from.  Some were a little pricy.  I'm a bacon guy, but I even stayed away from paying an extra $1.50 for bacon.  I did get onion strings on my burger.  The amount that they put on my burger was so many, that I took 75% of them off and ate them with my fries later (I say this in a good way), so I got good value for adding that on my burger.  I didn't have a "jucy lucy" style burger, only because I've had the real deal in Minnesota, so I didn't want to taint my experience although I am sure it probably would have been good.It is a bit pricey though for what I would want to pay for the meal.  We had a groupon so it was quite worth it.  I know everything in vegas is pricey, so it terms of comparing it to other pricing in vegas it was fine.  Just a few dollars more than I like to pay for a burger for my wife and I.  Overall though, it was a very good meal and very fresh.  I couldn't have been happier when we left.
4	We were staying at the blue green resort and this place was at the same location. Burgers were excellent. They were unique, massive, and priced right.Half priced appetizers during happy hour and 2 dollar draft beers were an added bonus. The onion string appetizers were outstanding. Next time I plan to try the callamari and sweet potato fries.I will be back if I stay at Club 36 again.
5	Bought a groupon for this place, you never know what you are going to get when you buy a Groupon, this turned out to be an amazing buy!!! My husband and I both ordered the 'Juicy Lucy' burger for lunch, his was stuffed with swiss cheese and had marinated mushrooms, marinated onions on top, and a side of the sun dried tomato mayo, mine was stuffed with American cheese, and had a green chili, lettuce, and tomato on top, with the salsa cruda on the side.  We also ordered a side of the 'tall and thin' fries.  The burgers were juicy and the cheese was dripping out of the sides! Yum! We sat in the bar and the service there was excellent.  We were both more than pleased with our choices and would order the same when we get back to Vegas again!! I think next time I want to try the onion straws...they looked really good at the table next door!
3	so I came here twice with my lady. The first time we opted for the standard burgers and shared a side of the chicken tenders, which at happy hour prices, were fairly priced. This place is, like some of the others have pointed out, a one trick pony. They are for all intents and purposes, a burger joint. Obviously. It's in the name. The model for serving burgers here is a little different. They do sliders, regulars, and "juicy lucy's" if you're feeling adventurous. Unlike some of the high end burger restaurants in town, these guys do not have pre-determined burger recipes. They leave most of the customization up to, well, the customer. Depending on your eating habits, this may be a good or a bad thing.The burger they make isn't half bad. I went with the chipotle ketchup as the sauce of choice. They cooked 'em just right, and they did come out very juicy. The chicken tenders are just the right amount of greasy and the dipping sauce is pretty tasty too. On another occasion, we had their sliders and onion fries. It's undeniably good food, and I had no problem finishing the burger because it was a pretty solid burger after all. At the end of the day however, all I can say is that they make a solid burger. I don't think their menu style really brings anything substantial to the table. If you're craving a decent burger, this is a good choice but foodies won't be blown away.
3	Finally have had a chance to try a burger here since my boyfriend has been telling me about it for the longest time. We just happen to have a coupon for a buy one get one free burger from the 2013 Entertainment book so here we went for dinner! I have no idea how the College kids can afford to eat here with these prices.They give you a product requisition form (menu) and you check off what you would like such as the size patty and the toppings you want. This is creative, cute and perhaps fun however it just really delayed the time in getting our order in. Myself being a Grind Burger virgin it just seemed to take forever to go over the complete menu, mark off what I wanted just to have the Server repeat it back to us. Save the paper and printing fees and just create a more reasonable menu.Every item is Ala carte which is fine however when it is like that I expect the side items, such as fries to be really good not just ordinary. I was disappointed with the fries they were lacking flavor and the portion for what they charge was very little. We ordered the short & thick fries which are potato wedge style and nothing special.I decided on a 4oz burger 7.49 with cheddar .75 additional and free toppings of lettuce, tomato, onion and garlic mayo. How is it free, who wants a plain burger seriously and those are standard cheeseburger toppings to specify them as free is absurd. Anyhow, my boyfriend got the infamous "Juicy Lucy" a patty with cheese on the inside 10.99 he opted for Pepper Jack. He truly enjoyed his burger that he had consumed in less than 4 bites, yikes and that is an 8oz patty!I was joking with my boyfriend that this is not a place that I would come on a first date,  as it was so damn messy! The burgers taste good and are really juicy as my meat juice and toppings were just oozing all over the place! I had a damn hamburger salad left on my plate after I finished my burger. The hamburger buns are the star player as they were so fresh and tasty almost a hint of sweetness like Hawaiian sweet bread.The Service was good, maybe too attentive. We went on a Sunday night and asked to sit in the bar so that we could watch the football game while eating. Unfortunately we were the only ones there dining at the time which I usually like when we eat out rather than huge crowds! The bartender gal had nothing to do but focus on us. She was nice but way too in our mix, we just want to relax and eat and if you are coming over every second or talking to us from across the room every moment it is rather annoying! I know who complains about an attentive staff however this was beyond ridiculous and avoiding eye contact was not working either. When I am busy stuffing my face with a big fat juicy burger the last thing i want to do is have to respond to a conversation I never wanted to join in the first place!  This is one of those burger joints I only need to try once, I am one and done. Next!I posted pictures of our meals as well, enjoy :)Entertainment book 2013 savings this meal $8.24
5	Food was amazing, to be able to create your own burger makes so much sense!  Great place for a burger and a beer.  The staff was also so friendly and nice, made me want to stay a while!
5	A few of my business associates and I attended Happy Hour and watched the Falcons/Saints game here last week. It was their first time there and only my second. I remembered the positive experience I had when I last visited so I went back to make sure it wasn't a fluke (and it wasn't)! I was raised in Atlanta so I know a good hot wing when I chomp down on one.  In my eight (yes, eight) years of living in Las Vegas, I've yet to have an adequate wing meet my southern standards. That is, at least, until now! Grind Burger Bar and Lounge's wait staff was kind enough as to tell me about their Half Off Happy Hour specials and I jumped out on a ledge and ordered the wings. To my surprise, they were meaty and succulent! One may think, "It's kinda hard to mess up a chicken wing," but you'd be amazed at the amount of scrawny, malnourished and tortuously spicy wings I've had in the Vegas valley! Anyways, everyone was very courteous and the price was right, to boot. Give them a shot if you can find the place!
5	Had a groupon for this place on a recent trek to LV. You know it's pricey on the strip and they don't have many "healthy", non-artery clogging/normal portion fare out there. It's hard out here for a pimp, er, vegetarian, so I wanted the bf to have some options too. It's nice that there is something on the menu for everyone. Customization - the wave of the future.Great place, great find - next time we'll take a car though. I thought it was walkable, and it sort of was from the MGM, but i would not want to make that trek in 100 degree heat. We earned our belly busting burgers that day walking to and fro.I ordered a turkey burger without the bun, bed of lettuce and sauteed mushrooms, avocado and onions with jack cheese. SO good. Just enough spice, flavor, toppings and not overwhelming and heavy. He had the veggie burger adorned with a million sides, including the black beans. I was jealous. We shared a small fries and the dipping sauces were great. Addicting...I love that I ordered a beer AND a diet coke AND a water. I needed to hydrate and no one looked at me funny. Fun atmosphere, near UNLV and wonderfully sweet staff. I love playing a role in building my own food sometimes, so I can choose what I put into my body. I may have drank myself into a stupor in Vegas, but that doesn't mean I have to bust a gut too. The juicy lucy looked tempting but I behaved. Love the art on the walls and I snuck away with a postcard.
5	Nice off the stip place.  The staff was friendly and the service was spot on.  The food was just what I expected with no let downs.I checked out the local Groupon offers before traveling to Vegas and this is one that I chose based on the reviews.  I would say that this was better than the KGB Burger joint in Harrah's on the strip.  Worth the trip and I will go back again.
5	We just ate here tonight, so that says alot. I like the way they do the menu and order, so there is no mistake. I don't mind burgers with everything a la carte. I might suggest using lament menus and wax markers. I think my wife's was better it was called the Juicy Lucy. (It is a good thing  we are not Lactose intolerant, otherwise our booty might become a juicy Loosy.) Of course I made my own burger and was great. I love the saying next to the fries. Long and thin(easy to get it in)  Short and thick ( I forgot). We got the sundae which is what I would expect. The most important question the waitress asked me was:  If they did everything I expected? Yes. Reason for a 5 star- She is a perfect waitress. They kept the table clear of unnecessary dishes, drinks filled. Everyone there worked together. Teamwork! This was the most enjoyable meal I have had in a long time. I hope the next time matches this experience.
3	The food here is really good. Again you are paying too much for what you get. I just don't understand why a simple burger (American food) is so expensive in the sit down burger joints. Five Guys make just a good hamburger for half the price. Everything here is good way overpriced.
4	Cool atmosphere. They give you a clip board loaded with choices for you to create your own burger. There were so many choices it was hard to decide. The food tasted amazing and was great quality. I'll definitely be back!
5	What a great place to eat. My wife and I just happened to be staying at the Bluegreen resorts where this place is located. We decided to stay in the first night and try this place out. Thank God we did cause it was great! Very friendly staff and on their game! We will be back for sure!! Don't miss out on a great experience!!
5	Go big or go home! That's what I thought when I hesitantly ordered the Juicy Lucy. The waitress ,husband , and my brother emphasized it was big. I couldn't ignore the reviews though because I read everyone was really happy with the Juicy Lucy.. I wanted it and got it with no regrets! It was stuffed with Provolone cheese. I had it topped with lettuce, tomato, onion, jalapenos,mustard and garlic mayo. When I bit into it the waitress said to be careful just in case the hot cheese squirts in my eye or something . It oozed out of the burger it tasted heavenly. This has now made it to the top of my burger list! It was so good I had to share with my hubby who almost ate it all! I wouldn't waste my money on the fries because they tasted mediocre. We ended the meal with a chocolate sundae. It was ice cold deliciousness! I would definitely want to come back for that burger even though it's a bit out of my way!
4	I love being able to customize my burger. Great place.
5	Vegas this burger place is as GOOD as it GETS!  You choose your own burger (Beef, Turkey or Veggie) and then put  any kind of goodies you can think of on it.  Also DON'T  forget the Onion Strings (there's enough for two!)  The atmosphere is cute and there is a separate bar ( you can eat in there as well). It's a little out of the way if you're in Summerlin but SO worth it!  There are also ALWAYS 2-fers on line at the zipcode magazines or on Groupon so if you haven't tried it don't wait!  I don't want to see another GREAT little restaurant in Vegas go under because everyone is gonna try it "someday". (Remember "Bonefish" and "Strings") ?
2	Awkward. Everything about our dinner here was awkward. We were not drinking so we decided to sit in the restaurant area... We were the only people seated there at the time. The table we were put at at was awkward, with a pole in the middle of it that seemed to make it difficult for staff to serve and clear plates. The chairs were uncomfortable. Ordering was awkward. The menu is a sheet of paper you mark your order on. Our waitress thought my husband only wanted an appetizer,  despite the fact that his standardized-test type ordering form was clearly completed to indicate he wanted a burger with specific toppings. Prices were high too, over $10 for a burger that didn't come with fries ($4 if you want to add a side of fries)... $10 for 3 smaller-than-typical sliders. Speaking of our waitress, not only was she rather poor at reading the ordering form but she also lacked in the personality department. Her entire vibe was a buzz kill. Most of this would be forgiven if the food was good... We started with fried mozzarella, served with the blandest marinara ever.  My husband had the Juicy Lucy which comes stuffed with cheese. I had the sliders which came with cheese and a side of thousand island dressing (pickles would have been nice). I found the meat under seasoned and overcooked. My husband didn't complain about his burger but he did have a ton of toppings added... Even the bathroom was awkward... There is no separation between the toilet and sink and a rather gross, messy floor. It took ages to get our check, we had to ask the busser to find our waitress to finally get the hell out of there...  There are a lot of places to overpay for a burger and fries on the Strip, which means there is no reason for me to ever come back here.
2	2 stars because my burger was excellent.  But  Burger Grind gets a 3 star-reduction for the exploitation of women in their advertising inside the restaurant.  I think YELP values the entire food experience, and not just the food itself.  Every where you turn, there is a picture of a woman's body divided into sections and labeled with  "meat" terminology.  If they want to keep using the "woman as a piece of meat" strategy, I will never return and will encourage all my friends to avoid the restaurant.  As others have said, there are EXCELLENT burgers all over this town.  I would rather eat mine in a place where I'm not staring at naked women being shown as meat.
4	Found this place on the way out of Las Vegas and my group was very happily surprised at how good the wait staff was and how good the food was. Turkey burger was very moist and the sweet potato fries were great. Will totally eat here again.Only issue were the bathrooms...only one person to each bathroom at a time caused a line at noon. Don't even want to think what it can get like with a full bar and restaurant.
5	might be the best burger in town !
4	Grind Burger was the first place I could grab a burger and beer after a long flight into Las Vegas.  My wife and I had a couple of beers and burgers and enjoyed them very much.  The ordering system worked well for us, except my wife got a little carried away with her toppings.  Service was very friendly and prompt.  We were lucky enough  to watch UNLV beat Boise State at basketball on TV while were there too.
1	If I could rate lower I would! This place is overpriced and terrible service to boot! Our server, Cinthia, short Asian chick, glasses, poor attitude, bad body language, has to the worst server ever! She rushed us from the time we sat down, and got defensive when I complained about a cold appetizer. Not once did she apologize or thank us when we were done. In fact, we saw more of the busboy than we did her. We won't be back mainly because of her, but the prices are way too high for a place like that has poor service. You'd get better service at the Coco's down the street, seriously.
5	Came here for the first time today. The menu has a pretty wide variety of items you can order including pizza, chicken wings, mozzarella sticks and even edamame! For appetizers my friends and I got the buffalo wings and the mozzarella sticks. The buffalo wings were good. The mozzarella sticks were ah-mahhhzing! They use fresh mozzarella with a light yet super crispy batter (that was not super greasy either). The marinara sauce was also tasty and very fresh! It was like a salsa-like marinara sauce. Just delicious!I love the fact that you can customize your burger just the way you want it. I ordered a turkey burger with the regular stuff (lettuce, tomatoes, and onion) and added grilled onions (girl loves her onions!), grilled mushrooms, grilled peppers (apparently I love grilled things too!) and a fried egg. I was told the burgers here are huge, but dannnng it was HUGE...like the Leaning Tower of Pisa. Well, maybe a mini-mini version, in the form of a burger. It was huge! The turkey patty was super lean, juicy and just plain right good. Possibly the best I've had. And I've had my share of turkey burgers (and burgers). I also ordered a side of the fries (short thick fries) that were really good too.My friends also ordered burgers and they all loved theirs. This place is definitely a must try!! I will definitely be back here soon! They also get bonus points for serving my beloved root beer (and good coffee) :)
5	OMG! My husband and I stayed at the Bluegreen resort for my 30th bday weekend! We decided to grab a burger from here.In a nutshell: Best burger I have had! Everything from the bun to the meat to the shredded lettuce was delicious!The only compliant I have is THERE ISN'T ONE CLOSE TO MY HOUSE !!!!
2	This one is pretty simple.  The food was 3 to 4 stars, but if you want a $25 meal, you can do much, much better.  You simply can't pay $12 for a burger, then $5 for fries (average sweet potato fries), and then piecemeal your toppings.  Free lettuce and tomato are available though, so there's that!Thr pricing structure and value equation here is just plain off.  Service, decor, and everything is merely average.  It's a good burger.  But it's an $8 burger.Too many good burgers places that are reasonably priced to ever consider going back.
3	Grind Burger is located off the strip in a hotel/shopping center area close to UNLV. It's "sort of" within walking distance of strip hotels, but only if you don't mind getting your exercise and sweating a bit in the Vegas heat. We initially chose this place for dinner because it isn't a crowded tourist trap, and it was dead on a Tuesday night. Our server and the bartender were friendly and helpful, but it took awhile to get the check at the end of our mealThey have a good happy hour, with $2 beer and specials on apps. However, the cheese sticks and marinara sauce were underwhelming and bland. The build-your-own-burger concept has been done better elsewhere (I live in California and like The Counter better than Grind Burger) but they do have some unique toppings here. Unfortunately, the burger was underseasoned and overcooked, and for the price, was a disappointment. Not bad, but not worth the expense, either.
1	Decided to come here because of a groupon. $12 for $25 worth of food. Not bad! Especially since they had the "juicy lucy" on their menu and after watching plenty of food network, I just had to try it. For those who don't know, a juicy lucy is a burger with ooey gooey cheese that oozes out of the middle of the burger patty.The one good thing about Grind burger is you can completely build your burger to your liking. With all the choices from the buns, to the way your patty is cooked, to the numerous toppings you can choose from (roasted garlic mayo, chipotle mayo, different cheeses, green chiles, etc.), I really thought I'd like this place, but unfortunately, it was a big no-no!Here's my biggest gripe, it was so greasy! When I say greasy, I mean it was as if they dipped my entire burger in oil and put it on the plate before they brought it out. The bun was shiny and oily, the cheese in the burger oozed out for the first bite and then solidified and this greasy cheese oil kept dripping out and covered all the veggies and the plate. It was just a mess. The worst part is with all that grease, there wasn't even any flavor to the burger itself. I think I took about 3 bites and I was done. Took it to go because we felt bad, but we ended up just throwing it away later.Definitely not coming back!
3	Burgers were great but very pricey!- Service was horrible. There was more staff than customers and the service was horrible. So if you go - you won't be disappointed with the burgers but be prepared to wait and wait and wait!  Had to ask for refills of drinks and each phase of our meal there was quit a delay. We had two burgers, fries and drinks - our bill without tip was almost $50.00. It is located in a strip mall set back off a main road - so we weren't paying for the atmosphere or location??  So the bottom line - food is good- prices high - service poor!
4	My boyfriend and I went to have a burger bc we had a groupon.  The burgers and fries were excellent!  Only complaint I have about it, is the price.  The toppings are $.75 each (and $1.50 each for the premiums, like avocado), after four items for your burger.  The only thing that really saves them is that the ketchup and mustard are on the table!!Good overall.  Great service, game was on (and they turned off the music once the game started, which was nice).  When I told the waitress it was too cold, she turned the air up a little, right away, which was great!!!
4	Great burgers! The build your own burden is great, and if it doesn't taste good its on you. The burger itself was cooked to perfection. We sat at the bar and the bartender was very sweet. I like the classic rock that was playing and knew all the words to every song. The avocado on hubby's burger was thick and fresh. We also took the recommendation of the steak fries and it worth it, hot and cooked well. Fun place.
3	Came here one night to check out their famous juicy lucy burger.  It's basically a double patty with cheese filled in between the patty.   I got the garlic mayo as a topic and I must say that it was pretty good.  I also got a chocolate milk shake as well as a side order of fries. Must I say that this was way too much food for me.  Nevertheless the burger was OK and it didn't quite live up to what the others were saying.
1	I'm so disgusted by this I will not visit again. Women are not meat!!!
4	Grind burger is one of my favorite burger places in Vegas! The burger is cooked perfect and you can tell they use all fresh ingredients. There french frys are amazing also! The only negative is they are a little pricey but when u feel like splurging a little I always come here!! Also they give you a juicy Lucy postcard for free at your table!
5	Very good burger. Try the juicy Lucy.
4	Was pleasantly surprised by this burger.  On my journey to find the best burger in America,  Groupon led me here.  Though some of the reviews were rough I still gave it a shot. What I found was a juicy lucy burger that was quality.  Had it with bacon,  grilled peppers, onion,  tomato and provolone cheese.  This was a tasty burger and one of the top vegas burgers i have had this summer. As always 15 for a burger and fries is a little steep. So not sure if I would have experienced this burger outside of groupon. Overall I would recommend this place as a good but not great burger and well worth a try.
3	Since I was coming out to Vegas, I decided to check to see what Groupon deals they had. Love finding good deals. Came across Grind Burgers deal, why not.Lucy goosey burger, juicy and meat was flavorful, burger was big, I was able to spilt into four and share. I added bacon and avocado, perfect touch. Short and thick fries, yes, that is what they are called. Steak fries, can't really go wrong. Pepperoni pizza, nothing spectacular but it's a pizza and the kids loved it. Chicken wing, original hot flavor, meat was tender and chicken was messy, just like how a chicken wang should be. Vanilla milkshake, pretty good, I liked it a lot...perfect for a hot day. Burger is good and majority of the people there ate that. I would say go for a good burger, it's off the strip, less problems with traffic and tourist.
5	This place is really good!!! The BEST hamburgers I've had so far!!! I would definitely visit this place again, the place is clean and the service was good too, no complaints. I wish there was one in northern cali....
5	Great burgers, they were delicious. I really enjoyed we were able to build our own.
5	This place was pretty awesome. The staff is super friendly and helpful when it came to deciding what to order on our burgers. The best part about this place is that there is something for everyone. Also a great place to eat at when you want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip.
4	I'd been thinking recently that trying new burger places is getting old.  I mean, how many decent burger joints do we need in one city?  OK, don't answer that.  But we wanted something for lunch today and we were in the area so we gave Grind a shot.  It made me glad that I didn't take a hiatus from burger restaurants.Immediately after being seated I practically smacked myself in the head... "Crap, we have one of those coupons at home from the coupon book."  I'm one of those people who can't, in good conscience, pay full price for something I know I can get a deal on.  Then, reading through the reviews, I was reminded there was a Groupon ($12 for $25) for this place.  Quickly bought it on my phone and we were in business.  I love the menu/order sheet.  It felt like I was taking a test I couldn't fail.  My husband tried Juicy Lucy and I had the Grind Sliders.  Both were fantastic.  Loved the burgers and buns!  My sliders came with onion straws, which were delicious!  And we had tall & thin fries - nothing special.  Also had a chocolate milkshake and, while it was good, I wasn't overly impressed and wished I had saved the calories for dessert tonight.  Service was quick and friendly.  Lunch would have been expensive without the groupon.  But I thoroughly enjoyed my burger and would definitely go again to put together my own burger creation.
4	This place is a little hard to get to, unless you are staying at the Bluegreen. Once you get inside, the place is cute. I like the setup, of course we opted to sit at a table in the bar. We felt bad when we realized the bartender had to come out to serve us, rather than a waitress.  But even though the bar was quite busy she was very attentive. First I ordered a Bloody Mary and it was very good.  Garnished with lime and olives (olives were the small regular green olives) My friend ordered a kettle and soda, both drinks were $7.50 eachI ordered a regular 7oz burger with avocado. The burger was great, good quality The avocado was a little ripe. It wasn't terrible just a little harder than I like. I think a perfect side of avocado will mush down a little if you push a fork into it. This was not the case. I also ordered a side of honey mustard  and buffalo sauce and both were pretty good.My friend got the Juicy Lucy. He loved the burger but probably wouldn't order Juicy Lucy style next time. You don't really get cheese in every bite... More like some bites have a ton of cheese and others have no cheese. Also a fair amount of cheese came out of the side and although it was tasty to eat, I think it would have been better on the burger. It seems like a waste to order it this way. Maybe trying the Juicy Lucy with an additional slice of cheese on top. Pro Tip: I would definitely recommend ordering onion strings on one of the burgers. There was more than enough for both of us to share.We opted for the short and thick fries and they were also pretty good. All in all meal seems a little expensive for a burger place. $60 for two people, but we each had two drinks. I think this place is good, but location and price might make me hesitant to return. Still gets 4 stars for the quality of the food and overall experience.
2	We were a group of 6 for lunch.  3 had burgers, 1 calamari, and 2 had pizza.  Total bill was $117 without alcohol .  Food was very good, just over priced.  I did not like that the server added a 18% tip automatically.  Would have given 20%.
4	Once again, we used the Groupon to enjoy our date night out. We wound up at Grindburger by accident as somehow my wife purchased the Groupon when her phone was in her purse last week. We figured it was worth a shot. And what a shot it was. We arrived around Seven p.m. and were promptly seated. (Love that) The server was friendly, if not a little dingy. The have $2 Shock Top on tap, so that was a great start. My wife even had one! We ordered off of their scan-tron bubble menu and each ordered a burger and the chicken tenders. The tenders were out quickly and were excellent. That was followed right up by the burgers. I think my wife ate her burger in like five seconds flat. They were really good. The check came some after and we were on our way! (Even though she forgot to take the Groupon off. We had her fix it) It was just a nice, quick dinner which was exactly what we were looking for.
3	I'm kind of a fan but it's been a while since I've been back.  Of course when you come to Grind Burger Bar and Lounge you have to try their burgers at least once.  The Juicy Lucy a 1/2 lbs burger patty stuffed with cheese and your choice of 4 toppings a sauces all for over $10. You can add more toppings for extra.Last time I went with the Juicy Lucy http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grind-burger-bar-and-lounge-las-vegas?select=Vh6NkmWgRwz4c5y5zaDKYw#Vh6NkmWgRwz4c5y5zaDKYw took advantage of their various selection of sauces and dressings you can throw on the burger and I have to add a fried egg. It was a good tasting burger but it was just very soggy. When I picked it up and was ready to bite into it the bottom bun just opened up and nearly spilled everything out.  I ended up eating the burger in sections.  There weren't a lot of people there at the time so I didn't really mind diving in making a mess but it was a little annoying.  Who ever made my burger could've shaken off some of the liquid of the lettuce, they could've made sure my buns wasn't going to be soggy maybe toasted it, I don't know.They make milkshakes, pizzas, and apps. A OK menu and OK prices for being close to the strip.$2 drafts Happy Hour M-F 4PM-7PM Free WIFI, excellent customer service. Good food and environment. Hopefully the cook makes my burger better next time.Located close to the strip in attached to the Bluegreen Resort east of the strip on Tropicana Ave. Lots of room inside and lots of parking.
4	We ate here last night. It was surprisingly quiet on a Saturday night but we didn't complain. This off-the-strip burger joint was a good experience! We will be back! You get to make your own burger and they have meatless burger patties for our vegetarian friends. The chocolate milkshake was delicious! And everything  was fresh. Service was slow at first. It took a while for the waitress to come by at first. But after that it was all good! Try it out! It's off the strip but not far from it!
5	The best cheat day EVER!  Went with my husband and another couple and we were all very happy (and so stuffed!)  The location is relatively easy to get to and parking is good.  Inside is much smaller than it looks though and the tables are parked real close together so I was glad we came at an off time and could spread out a little.  It's got an industrial feel, but it fits and I liked it.  Hostess and waitress were both awesome - lots of smiles and weren't over-attentive.Calamari - Enough for the 4 of us to share and the Thai dressing was A-mazing!!  Came with both rings and tentacles, which was fine with me but turned one friend off a bit.  It's personal choice - I'll eat anything.Burgers all the way around - guys had Juicy Lucy's and us girls had regular 4 oz burgers.  Cooked perfectly and the meat was well seasoned - not OVER seasoned.  Generous toppings and the cheese was nicely melted.  The buns were delish - I saw reviews that they were greasy, but I felt they were lightly buttered not overly greasy.  These burgers are messy - but that's just the way a good burger should be!We ordered one each of the "short and thick" and "tall and thin" fries - definitely recommend the short and thick, they were much better and tasted freshly cut.  And with the burgers, I think one order would have been plenty for all 4 of us!The sauces were excellent - my favorites were the chipotle ketchup (will definitely order extra next time), and the roasted garlic mayo.  The hubs and I shared a vanilla milkshake (well, I use "share" loosely but I did get a taste or two).  It really was nothing special, but a shake just completes a good burger and since we had a groupon, I didn't worry about the ridiculous price tag of the shake.  Otherwise, I think the prices were reasonable for what it is and we look forward to coming back again!
4	I went on a Wednesday afternoon with absolutely no crowd , no wait and very prompt service . My bf and I were brought in by a pay $12 get $25 worth of food GroupOn that I had purchased on my phone earlier that day. We both ordered the Juicy Lucy and it was great! DEF recommend to everybody who wants a good juicy burger at a decent Price. Also got a strawberry shake which was excellent and the fries decent too. The only problem I had was that for WHATEVER reason my groupon said "processing " still when I got there and wouldn't reveal a code that the waitress had to type to save us the $12 so we couldn't use it. She also said the same thing had happened to a girl a few days before and there was nothing she could do about it . This was actually enough to SIGNIFICANTLY piss me off even if it was just $12 it was just the principal of the thing . Anyways . No clue if this is souly a group on issue or applies to this group on in particular but just make sure your group on actually processed before going ! ( I got an email saying it had been processed but it wasnt ) Anyways ...I'd still go back but only if I had planed on spending $40 for lunch :p
4	I was here once before but I don't remember the burgers being quite as good.  This time I had the juicy lucy... and it was great!  The bun was butter-toasted... if you know what I mean.  The juicy lucy is a burger with cheese in the middle as well as on top.  Call the EMT's!!  And... sweet  potato fries!  The keno payout sucks so don't  plan on gambling much but enjoy the food...
5	It was back to the Grind Burger Bar for me for a medium rare 7 oz. burger festooned with grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, tomato, lettuce, pickles, mayonnaise, and American Cheese.  These added ingredients came in good quantities, yet did not overpower the taste of the beef and nice soft bun.  It was an excellent juicy burger just bursting with flavors, that went well with addictively tasty Tall & Thin fries and a straightforward excellent creamy Chocolate Milkshake.  Service was good and friendly, and Diane also greatly enjoyed her burger with Provolone and Nuske Bacon.We will most definitely be back!
3	My husband has been itching to try this place for a long time.  We just hadn't made it over there.  Kids on vacay, so it seemed like the perfect opportunity.  (This is not a kid friendly place-no kid menu & environment is not conducive to kids.)I had noticed that there was a two for one special in my entertainment book.  Worth the effort!  My burger was a four ounce($9.74) while husband got the 7 ounce ($12.24).  We had a good time deciding the toppings.  Fries are sold separately-$5.  We got the sweet potato fries-yum!Bottom line:  we both enjoyed our burgers, but its location is a bit out of our way (for Vegas standards) and they are not really any better than Red Robin.  Why pay the higher cost?
3	We heard so much about this place and I pass it every day on my way to work. You can't miss their giant blow up doll labeled like cuts of meat. LolThere was a Groupon for them so we decided to try it out. It's a cool design inside but pretty small. I called ahead inquiring about their veggie burger. They make it on premise and it doesn't have soy products in it so the GF could have some too!  I asked about it one more time just to be sure and unfortunately they put flour in it to bind it. I guess I should have asked if it was gluten free.  The manager came by and offered the GF something gluten free which was a salad. They did however have sweet potato fries which is one of her favorite things so I was off the hook at least for a little while  Kudos to the manager.The server was very nice.  The menu is build your own burger style which is pretty cool. They don't have a kids menu but they do have smaller burgers that kids would enjoy. I ordered the juicy Lucy. It was really good and messy!  The kids loved their burgers too. My only complaint and a few places do this. It just leaves a bitter taste in my mouth; no pun intended...The burgers don't come with fries. If you pay $8 to $10 for a burger, you should include fries with it! Potatoes aren't that expensive...All in all, it was a pleasant experience...
5	My recommendation for here would be; regular bun, garlic-mayo and sriracha ketchup, lettuce, tomato, pepper-jack and fresh jalapenos. Get tall and thin fries and shock-top beer. Both service and taste were great. However the ambience could have been better.
4	I like this place mainly for my Juicy Lucy fix. It never does me wrong. Perfectly cook and fixed to your choice with gooey cheese in the middle. Makes my mouth water just thinking about it. It's also great because it is always on groupon so it keeps me going back for more.
4	Yummy! The juicy juicy was really good. Can't really go wrong with building your own burger. Be warned when biting into it, it's juices will go over all your mouth and hands. I wouldn't recommend the blue cheese filing because its a bit overpowering, unless you like that. Double check your toppings once they bring it to you, because they forgot my avocado. You don't want to be charged for something they forgot.
5	We had two damn good burgers here on a whim and a Groupon. We opted for the 7oz patty (super juicy and well seasoned) with bacon (cooked to firm but not crisp, perfect) and were supremely impressed. Great service and chill atmosphere in this just-off-the-strip location. Would definitely chow again.
5	Had a BOGO groupon while in Vegas and I'm so glad I did or I probably wouldn't have tried Grind Burger.  I had the Juicy Lucy and it was awesome!!!  My boyfriend had the same but with a fried egg and he devoured it. The burger was cooked just right and the cheese was just melting in the center. Loved the onion straws I got on top because it gave the crunchiness with the juicy burger. We also ordered the fried mozzarella as an appetizer. They are awesome!  They used real mozzarella and they are delicious. So glad I went to Grind Burger!
5	juicy lucy! please! sooo goood! the fries are big enough to share with another person, and soooo good! the patty was good enough that I could have had it without anuthing on it! so tasty! I wish we had one of these at home! the burgerless option comes on a bed of lettuce, which is refreshing rather than getting two pieces wrappedd around (like that is really going to work, lol) and they take your order seriously! a great place!
5	Saw a groupon on this place and let me tell you.. it was super worth it. Me and my boyfriend will definitely be back :) sweet potato fries were delicious! Plus the service was excellent!that juicy lucy is amaaaazing!!can't wait to come back!
5	We bought a groupon for this place not knowing anything about it.  Unlimited burger combinations and possibilities.  The juicy Lucy is the way to go!  Wait staff was attentive and awesome.  My husband and I easily could have shared a burger, they are huge.  The onion strings with cayenne pepper ranch are amazing.  We will definitely be adding this place to our list of "must eats" when we are in Vegas!
4	Craving a burger...surprised??I pass this place fairly often, especially when going to/from the airport.  I haven't been hungry during these times, so now that I was finally in the mood and in the neighborhood, I put it to the test!I was cravin a little spice in my life, so I went with a custom burger with a little bit of goodies :The "Juicy Lucy" ($10.99): 8oz Ground Chuck stuffed with Pepper Jack Cheese, Fried Egg ($1.50add), Green Chiles, Jalapenos, Roasted Garlic Mayo, and Chipotle Ketchup. Very juicy burger, even when cooked a little too long. Loved the Garlic Mayo and Chipotle Ketchup, and the portions are large enough to dip the fries in afterwards! "Tall and Thin" fries ($3.99). Fries are a little basic here...not very seasoned. Get some Garlic Mayo and Chipotle Ketchup to dip the fries into! Their sauces have a TON of flavor!  Mmmmm good!Service was a little slow at first, but when the order was taken, the food came out very fast.  Great place close to the strip for good food at reasonable prices, and a cool place to catch the games :)Pics :
5	Amazing place! Would drive to vegas from socal just for the burgers here!PLEASE EXPAND TO SOCAL
4	I bought a Groupon since we were on vacation visiting from CA.  The place is smaller than I thought. It is located a mile or two from the strip so it wasn't a ridiculous drive from our hotel. It is like The Counter, where you select items to place on your burger, but not as many choices as The Counter.  That is the only downfall.  The food was delicious everyone in my party enjoyed it.  The sweet potato fries were hot and plenty of them.  The Turkey burger I ordered on greens was moist and not dry plus it was a good size, about 4-5 oz. Our server was helpful and the environment was clean.  There is only 1 bathroom for each gender but thankfully there was not a line for the women's restroom. When visiting Vegas, I will definitely keep this on my radar and tell others!
5	Get ready to hyper extend your jaw, then your belt buckle!  The portions are huge, the atmosphere pleasant, and they stock a great staff. The menu is "build your own" burger, with offerings from the standard, lettuce, onion, tomato, to selections of gourmet mayonnaise, onion strings, fried eggs and more. They also have a pizza menu, chopped salads and appetizers. beverages include a full bar and "adult milkshakes" with your favorite booze whizzed in. Mmmm!I ordered their signature burger the "Juicy Lucy'--an 8oz patty stuffed AND topped with the cheese of your choice. I went pretty standard with my toppings:  Bacon, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions and 1000 Island. It was HUGE and delicious. I finished what I could and have a healthy portion leftover in my fridge. My partner had a 7oz burger with onion strings, bacon, cheddar, and blue cheese. It was equally impressive, although he was able to finish his. Champ! They do offer a 4oz burger for the lighter eaters. We shared an order of steak fries that were PERFECTLY crisp on the outside and tender potato-squishy on the inside. Although we are ketchup dippers, we were automatically offered ranch for our fries. That's always nice.We ate in the bar area. As our hostess pointed out, the stools in there have comfy cushioning for your toosh. She was correct. The bar was less busy than the dining area at 12pm. It offers video poker, big screens for the sports fans, and smoking.  Our server, Nicole, was sweet, but not "goopy." I dislike the script-reading chirpers that assault you with the their fake toothy smiles. Nicole was genuinely pleasant. She also had good product knowledge, answers to all of our questions and was attentive to refills and such all at just the right time. A+ We had a Groupon this time, but Groupon or not, we will be back....maybe decked out in matching stretch pant outfits next time.
5	I don't eat burgers too often, but when I do, I choose the Juicy Lucy at Grind Burger!Yum yum. Kind of a weird basic atmosphere set up, but very good food at a decent price. I will def go back again
5	This place is Awesome. Be ready to get absolutely Stuffed...the Burgers look Awesome (Im a veggie) BUT that did not stop me from ordering the Veggie burger, any Veggies out there? Most of the time they are like hockey pucks,not this one, its made with Chick peas. It was so moist and Yummy...my friends all got Burgers and were very happy with them. Just like the other reviews, Fries were fat, cooked crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside..This place is Bomb and you must go there, also the Shakes were sooo Yummy....oh and the staff is Wonderful, We were waited on by Chris...what a little slice of QT Pie, he was so professional and friendly..he made our experience EVEN Better...We will be coming back
4	A bit pricey for a burger but very good food.  They bring you a clipboard and you design your own food - simple and not complicated.  Sweet potato fries were fantastic.  Just a lunch today but from what I hear check to make sure it is not a UNLV game night as after games this place is full full full.
4	Grind seems to be a really popular spot for college kids to watch sports. It was packed with people watching games and they offer quite a few specials when UNLV is playing. It's a lot smaller inside than it appears and can get really busy. That's my biggest complaint for this spot. It got friggin LOUD in there, to the point where we felt like we were screaming at each other to talk. This was my first Juicy Lucy burger experience and dang it was good! There's a good amount of toppings to pick from...I got lettuce, bacon, grilled onions and green chiles. The patty itself was delicious, great seasoning and really juicy. It was a tad overcooked for me but didn't take away from the flavor at all. If you love cheese like I do, you won't be disappointed with the Juicy Lucy. The cheese inside the patty just oozes out and it's hot, gooey and delicious! I really liked their buns too. They have a slight crisp on the bottom then super soft on the top. They also have a bunch of sauces that you can choose which they bring on the side and I love that. I hate when places douse a burger with condiments. Best part is there's plenty to dip your fries in too. The fries were alright and they have a decent edamame appetizer but both were a little expensive. All in all this is a solid burger joint! The service was good too so I wouldn't hesitate to come back.
1	A friend and I stayed at the Bluegreen the last weekend of October. On our last night there, we decided to skip the strip and eat dinner on the grounds, so we went to the Grind.We both ordered medium done burgers. When I got mine, I noticed it was a little pinker than it should be, but whatever. Nothing spectacular but it tasted okay enough along with the fries. My friend had no complaints about hers either.Until two hours later, when back at our hotel room she got sick. And kept getting sicking every half hour for the rest of the night and into the morning. This place gave her terrible food poisoning. It ruined our last night in Vegas and made for her a miserable flight back the next morning. Don't eat here, and if you do, make sure you order your burger well done.
5	My, what consistency!  Diane and I came here again--this time for lunch, and each of us enjoyed an exquisitely juicy and delicious burger made spot on to order.  I even selected a Whole Wheat Bun to turn the experience into some semblance of healthy eating, and didn't really notice the difference from the regular soft white bun that is served here.  While the hot Tall & Thin Fries were as good as ever, for a change of pace I ordered Onion Strings, never surmising that a veritable volcano of thin, tender, and lightly battered Onion Rings that were almost as high as my head would be presented before me.  They tasted as great as they looked, with or without the Cayenne Pepper Ranch Dressing that accompanied them, and are highly addictive.  But with good discipline I was able to leave three-quarters of the pile uneaten.  Then to my right I saw a neighboring diner lapping up one of the best Hot Fudge Sundaes I have ever seen; it was just oozing with large drips of Chocolate Fudge Sauce beneath a high undulating layer of Whipped Cream.  We headed out soon afterward, before temptation overtook us.  This was just lunch after all!As long as the Grind's kitchen keeps turning out delicious hamburgers and  accompaniments, this will continue to be one of my main go-to burger haunts.  I don't mind paying more for this quality of fresh food, and like my burgers to be memorable.
5	This place is deserving of 5 stars!The staff were friendly and very helpful. The menu is fun, check what items you want with a pencil and the waitress picks up the menus you marked on.The food was very tasty! We both had the Juicy Lucy, which is a cheese stuffed burger with your choice of cheese. The meat had good flavor, was juicy and the cheese tasted like real cheese, not the processed yellow stuff other places use. They weren't shy with the toppings and their bacon had a great flavor and was cooked perfectly. I had a side of their chipotle ranch sauce which was surprisingly good. Hands down, the BEST sweet potato fries we've had. They have happy hour which is something I don't normally see in Vegas, thumbs up on that too for $2 shock tops.We were really wanting to try GR Burgr and SOOO glad we came here instead!! No waiting for 2hrs to get food like our friends did that went there. As others have mentioned, it does get a little loud and is on the smaller side but it won't keep us from going back.
2	I went for lunch on a weekday and arrived as they were opening so it wasn't busy which was nice. I decided to sit at the bar instead of making the bartender walk around and serve me at a table.  In retrospect the bartender was relatively cold and indifferent so I wish I had chosen the more comfortable seating arrangement for myself.The menu was different than anything I've experienced as you fill in circles next to the foods you want (think SAT test style).  It took me a while to go over the whole menu and decide what I was going to get.  I eventually decided on a rare burger with bacon, lettuce, tomato, onion, swiss cheese, garlic infused mayo, and dijon mustard on a wheat bun.The burger came in a timely manner and looked great.  I was, however, disappointed with the array of toppings.  There was a plethora of onion (I love onion, but it was a bit much) and lots of shredded lettuce (really, shredded?) while only a meager slice of tomato and less bacon than I've ever received on a bacon burger.The garlic mayo was delicious and the meat on the burger was excellent.  The burger itself was difficult to eat.  It just kept falling apart and I had a huge mess on my hands.I was disappointed in the barely there selection of draft beers.  I had been interested in trying the fries but chose not to since they were a la carte and too much of an addition to my already large and expensive meal.Which brings me to my main point.  The burger itself was satisfactory, but the price was not!  I ended up spending $17 on just a burger and $20 after tip.  That is ridiculous, it just wasn't that good.  The ambiance, service, lack of beer selection and cheap menu style all lead you to believe you are in johnny rockets. I will never go back.Side note: I guess I could be spoiled as Charlotte (where I'm from) has a great selection of quality modern burger places with fantastic local beer choices where you can eat and drink like a king for half the price (and better service).tl;dr - food was good everything else lacked
4	You are given an order sheet. You check off what you want and toppings on your burger etc.   The staff is friendly.  We came here because of groupon deal.  It was a little hard to find since it was not on the main strip.  They give you big portions for fries and my burger was good.
3	Burgers here are a bit better than average... but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. It's located off the strip, on Tropicana on the MGM side. This place is really small, much smaller than it looks in the pictures. Burgers here are fully customizable. The menu here is basically a check list. You check off what you want in your burger and they will make it for you. The burgers are average size. I had the juicy lucy which is basically 2 patties with cheese in the middle. The bun is good, light and a bit sweet like a hawaiian bun. A juicy lucy will set you back $11, which is the most expensive. I also got a side of fries, which were bland tasting. I was glad I tried this place using a Groupon... but I don't think I would go out of my way to go here.
3	Hmmm... Such a hard decision to make on the rating.. Well, this place was average, so 3 stars it is.The interior is really neat.  They have some cool lamp bulbs, lol.My parents and I were looking for a new burger place and discovered this on yelp.We started off with their strawberry shakes.  Delicious!! My mom and I wanted to split one.  They put it in two glasses without even asking, which was nice of them.You are given a piece of paper where you create your own burger by checking which toppings you want.  You get 4 of the basic toppings for free, then each extra is 75 cents.  The good stuff like the eggs, avocoado, bacon, etc are $1.50 per item.  I got a 4 oz bacon, egg, and cheddar cheese burger.  (It sucks that the 4 oz's were only available well-done, but I guess it's because the patty is so small).  On the side I got grilled onions, mushrooms, peppers, and a sundried tomato mayo.  My parents created their own 7 oz burgers and we got one pair of long and thin fries.  It was more than enough.My burger was average.  I mean, I can tell that the ingredients were fresh, but I didn't find the meat to be anything special... The fries weren't that great either.  The sundried tomato mayo was delicious though.  We used it as the dipping sauce for our fries.And to be honest, none of us felt that great after eating here.  All of our stomachs hurt a bit.  Not that super sick feeling, but that uncomfortable stomach ache.Service was nice & friendly.3 burgers, one shake, and one fry cost us $48...
5	Great food!
5	WHY ARE YOU GUYS CLOSING!!!!!!!!! Just saw this on Eater Las Vegas. Had to call the hubs and share the sad news!!!!! Hope you open another before we visit again in AprilGrind Burger, the build-your-own burger bar that opened in 2008, is closing on Dec. 31. In an email sent to customers, Grind Burger says, "It is with a heavy heart that we will be closing this location of Grind Burger Bar on December 31st. ... We know how much you guys love our food (we love it too), so we had to make sure to give everyone one last opportunity to make it in for their favorite burger. We don't know the future, but we hope that one day down the road we will be able to reopen in another location.
4	I can't believe this place had to Close. I went twice and thought the Juicy Lucy was a great concept. I was planning on getting a blue cheese stuffed burger for lunch today, and I was so surprised to see the Closed sign on the door. I hope the proprietor can open in another location. The place was great.
4	Very good burger - the Juicy Lucy. The bartender Dominique did a great job with the adult milkshake - Creamcicle! I hope it sticks around.
