5	This is a great new restaurant in the Grayhawk area!  This restaurant is owned by the same people that own Arcadia Tavern in Phoenix. The burger was fantastic; they have a large selection of burgers on the menu but I had the Ring of Fire without the jalapeno with fries; it was only $10.  They also have a huge selection of beers at this place and several TV's to watch football or sportscenter. I will be back very soon...
3	Let's just start by saying they serve Old Milwaukee Beer.  That should be your first indication as to the overall quality.  I get the fun of retro beers, as they have PBR cans too, but focus on the good.  Plus, throw an Old Style in the mix.  That is the next big retro beer (CUBS fans already know), but I I digress.I went here with work colleagues, and we all got different burgers to test the variety of the burgers & sides.  It should also be noted I paid very close attention to ladies next to us, as they ordered the Mac & Cheese (which looked good, but neither of them finished).The burgers start at $10 and were blah.  One was over-cooked, the other under-cooked.  The meat was rather plain too, and seemed devoid of proper spicing.  The veggie patty was actually really tasty, but it easily fell a part looking like a rice bowl.  The bun seemed no different than the cheap white bun you can buy in bulk at Costco.  For a gourmet burger, the bun needs to be able to hold it's own.The sides were much better.  The tater tots had a nice spice sprinkled on them.  A good tater tot is like a high-five in your mouth, so kudos.  The onion rings were delish & seemed hand-battered, but the fries were average & tasted like they came from a freezer bag.The beer list (other than the Old Mil) was pretty nice.  I'd be happy to just sit here and toss a few back.Service seemed slow & not 100%, but this place just opened.  It'll get better...All in all, the folks at Arcadia Tavern know what they are doing (this is their joint too), but for the price & quality, I think there are better upscale burger joints out there.
4	This Place just opened up next to the salon I work in. AMAZING! They hit the ground running, It's a deli style, where you order at the counter and they bring you the food. I had the Grayhawk Turkey Club and the turkey was great! No packaged crap here. It was thick sliced and probably rotisserie. For the side I had sweet potato tater tots. DELISH! The have regular fries, sweet fries, tater tots, onion rings, etc. Great looking salads, Chicago-style dogs, gourmet burgers and yummy sounding mac and cheese. The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is the price. It's great for dinner, but a little steep for a work day lunch.
1	Let's just say that it's a pretty cool place that based on service won't be open long. We stopped in for MNF and had to beg to be served! Then they took the meal order for my girl friend, but didn't take mine. One meal came out and they finally put 2 and 2 together and figured out what happened.Next, we had to actually reach over the front of the bar to get silverware. Most restaurants automatically give those to you.Next, the ice in the drinks is so small, you have to use a straw, whether you want to or not. Can't rate their food becasue they never asked if I wanted to order but the service was awful and I won't be back.
5	This place is a perfect addition to the neighborhood.  Exactly what we needed. A family burger-hot dog-mac n cheese- slider and beer joint.  Lot's of televisions for whatever game is on.  We ordered the grilled asparagus for starters and it was very nice.  Very well seasoned in olive oil and cheese.  We got two burgers and they were fantastic. First off they are HUGE 1/2 lb. burgers.  We couldn't finish them.  They were very nicely seasoned, quite juicy and the bun was great.  These burgers are some of the best in this part of town. The onion rings are well battered and a huge portion.  The french fries were just okay and next time we'll try the tots.  Those looked great.  I also had the chopped salad which was just okay, but a nice healthy portion of veggies if you don't want to go for the big burgers.  The menu is a total winner.  Custom mac-n-cheese, a variety of sliders, a variety of hot dogs, lots of sandwiches.  The French Dip looked really good.  Finally, I must mention the beer selection.  It was impressive.  One more thing, I though the service was great.  We ordered at the front and they brought out our food very hot and lickedy split.  Our table had napkins and silver ware ready for us.  The person who gave one star should try this place again, especially if they like a big juicy burger.
1	Strip mall location, on the corner at the north end.  Draft selection was unimpressive, with quite a few taps dedicated to faux craft like Blue Moon and overtly labeled Coors/Miller/Bud, thought they did have a few local crafts and macro imports.  Bottle selection offered more variety, but for going out it's draft I'm looking for.Food was above average, and certainly better than BluBurger that was nearby with a similar theme.  Side of chips was skimpy and out of ratio for a burger that size.   Bartender, Matilda, was painfully slow and mostly attentive to the three ladies that seemed to be her friends.  Having an empty beer mug while laughter and casual chat take place can be frustrating to say the least.Edit/update: after several visits the service is worse each time, and the errors on the orders are very common.  And it's not just the wrong menu item the first time, but then the corrected item comes out wrong again too.  Food takes far too long.  At first I thought it was just because it seemed busy, but even when it's dead it takes just as long.
4	This is a good place to have a drink if you are in the area. I've had the burgers and gourmet hot dogs and they are above average. Solid selection of draught beer and bottles, but you've likely had the majority of them already. It's a clean, well lit place, with a small patio. I'm down the street from so I'll likely hit it up here and there, but not really worth going out of your way for.
2	We're not big beer drinkers so I can't attest to the beer selection. If you are looking for beer reviews . . . this isn't the one for you.The restaurant came as quite a surprise to me . . . upscale North Scottsdale and the name "Cold Beers & Cheeseburgers" didn't seem to fit the area. Nevertheless, Hubby and I had read about the Make Your Own Mac & Cheese and were instantly intrigued.  I personally have been a fan of all mac & cheese, even the Kraft box cheese, since I was a kid, but now with all the gourmet versions available, I've become quite a mac & cheese snob. CB2's mac & cheese didn't cut it for me or my hubby. It is a nice sized portion to share, even as just a side.  It was creamy, but bland . . . made with what appeared to be wide egg noodles instead of actual pasta noodles. The base cheese is very mild pepperjack and provolone, so we added some swiss and gruyere.  Still not flavorful enough. So we packed it up and brought it home, doctored it up and ate it the next day for lunch.My husband had the Bacon Blue Burger.  It was good, but he has had much better, even at BluBurger Grill. Because the burger is so tall, they bring it with a steak knife . . . you really do have to cut it to eat it. I had a grilled cheese sandwich . . . it was pretty decent, although if they messed something like this up, they would have received one star.Both our main courses came with a side . . . we chose the sweet tots. They were good, but not as delicious as the sweet tots from Tryst Cafe. If you love those, these will surely disappoint. The gentleman who took our order and ran our food was delightful and helpful, as were the other food runners in the restaurant. The restaurant is clean, fast and provides plenty of entertainment with a dozen plasma screens running mostly sports. The clientele ran the gamut, from older couples to families with kids.
3	I have to say that my experience was less than satisfying purely due to the service.  For the prices they charge, I was shocked they don't offer table service.  It felt more like a Golden Corral, order 1st then sit down.  Then I had too wait far longer than necessary for my beer.  There was more than enough staff to handle the service but their system just wasn't efficient.The food was decent but not justifiable for the price.
4	We went there on a Wednesday two weeks ago and then ordered out the following week. Great place for casual night out with kids.  The ring o fire was spicy but good. , burgers are big beer was cold!   I would will definitely go again.
4	Good burgers!Have eaten there and also gotten to go.  Both were good, although eating there is obviously better.  The burger is big, juicy, and cooked to a perfect medium rare (even when taken to go).  The tater tots are good and crispy.  The sweet tots are good, unfortunately not crispy at all.  The chips are good too, they're the homemade kind.  The burgers are priced well (you don't feel like you got ripped off).  All in all, a good burger and good service at a fair price.
1	Needed a burger and a beer so thought I'd check this place out. Sat at the bar and the service was pretty good (got a beer quickly but then had to ask for a menu). As mentioned the tap selection is ok but nothing to write home about. Bottle selection is decent. If it was my place I'd have more on tap and have bigger west coast beers (especially with "beer" in the name) but I'm a Seattle/Portland beer snob kinda guy. I'd give beer selection 3 stars. Place gets one star as I bit into my burger only to find out that it was basically raw (not a little pink but blood red). If you are selling burgers they should always be cooked through unless the customer asks for it to be cooked differently. If I want e-coli then I'll ask for it. Ate my tots (which tasted as they had a grease filling)... Server notice my barely touched burger and asked if it was ok. Told him it was raw to which he replied he liked it that way. Yeah, I don't care how you like it. And there was no offer to "fix" it... Hence one star. I want to like this place but really can't recommend it at this time.
5	Been there 3 times in 8 days... LOVE IT!  Finally a place with awesome Macaroni and Cheese!  Love the toasted panko on top!  Staff is top notch and food is terrific.  Plus a FULL bar!  Seating can be a challenge at peak times, super to see a new business thriving.  I hope to see another CBsquared soon - maybe over at Norterra...hint hint.....
4	The people here are actually pretty nice and helpful. The burger wasn't that great but what I really liked were the tot-chos. YOU HAVE TO GET THESE. AMAZING!!! really unhealthy but so delicious. They have some great flatscreen's too and they offer coke products which is nice because I love orange fanta. Definitely check this place out.
1	Burgers weren't good for the following reasons:Bread wasn't fresh, burger was over Cooked and my boyfriends was cold. For the price, definitely wasn't worth it. Is rather go to 5 guys. Was dissapointed .
4	My parents are in from out of town and after we trekked our way up and back Pinnacle Peak, we decided to reward ourselves with burgers.  Having taken them to Indulge Burger the last time they were here, Cold Beer and Cheeseburgers had something to live up to.  They definitely came through for us.  We had the grilled asparagus appetizer along with the soft pretzel (what?  We just got done hiking and you can eat anything after you work out, FYI)  and both were VERY good.  The asparagus was cooked perfectly and well seasoned.  The pretzel was soft, hot and salted well, but not too much.  I had the Juicy Lucy burger, which was medium rare just like I requested.  Melty cheese in the middle with a side of tots (they even offer tot-chos, the decadant tater tot/nachos which was one thing we actually didnt try), it was amazing.  My mom had a veggie burger which had great flavor, and the sweet tots which are sweet potato tots, which I had never had and were quite good.  My dad's burger was also cooked to his liking, with lots of luscious onion rings on the side.  They have a selection of hot dogs also, and a build your own macaroni and cheese option also.  YUM.  There was also something about homemade chips with buffalo sauce and blue cheese that I'll try after my next mountain.  Staff was friendly and prompt.  Great bottled beer selection including my favorite: Bell's Two Hearted Ale and of course, Sierra Nevada.
2	My man loves cheeseburgers. We decided to give this place a go after hearing about it from a co worker. We met another couple and deliberated at our table about what to order. We got split up in the ordering line and because the people who got between us were really slow to order, we got our food as our friends were finishing theirs. That's annoying! They need a better system. The ice machine was out of order but a nice guy got us cups of ice for our drinks. Watching our friends eat was torturous, especially because they offered no insight to the taste of their meals. I ordered a chicken sandwich but the other 3 in our party had cheeseburgers. We finally got our appetiser (2 pretzels so we could share with the other couple, you can just get one if you want) and our sandwiches at the same time. My chicken sandwich was monsterous! Two chicken breasts plus all the junk I had added: lettuce, tomato, pickles, grilled onions, avocado and terriyaki sauce! I ended up taking both chickens off and just eating the buns with all my additions and took the chicken home. It was a tasty sandwich all around. The other 3 cheeseburger eaters agreed that their burgers were solidly good. However, we were all equally turned off by the amount of salt on all of the sides. Our pretzels? Twisted salt licks that came with a nacho cheese dipping sauce. We couldnt eat them even after I tried wiping the salt off. Around the table we had onion rings, fries, tater tots and sweet potato fries and every single batch was over salted. By ALOT. I love onion rings but couldnt stomach more than three and I couldnt give them away. It was really bad. When I reported this to the co worker who told me about this place he said he'd heard the same thing from other people. Hopefully they get the message and do something about it. If not they may not be there for long. I would not go back, but my man wants to just to try their build your own mac and cheese, his other love.
1	I was so excited to find out that a new casual beer bar was coming to the neighborhood. I looked past some of the recent negative Yelp reviews and hoped that my experience would be better. Unfortunately, at the end of the day Cold Beers & Cheeseburgers just did not deliver. As for the beer selection, it is fairly decent, including one of my favorite beers (Bell's Two Hearted). With a beer bar, I would expect that the servers have a minimum requisite amount of background in the beers they are serving. Alas, the bartender was more of a Miller kind of drinker and an off-shift server (who was a loud bar patron) demonstrated an even lower familiarity with the beers being served. Being that it is a newer establishment, I can look past the fact that the servers didn't know their product. That left my end opinion significantly reliant on what kind of burger was delivered. I had a $12 Bacon Bleu burger with onion rings. If I'm going to have a burger that costs more than $10 I expect a ton of quality and a lot of flavor, neither of which was provided. The burger fell apart on what I thought was a cheap quality bun and the meat tasted as though it was sourced from the discount pile at Bashas in the same plaza. If you are looking for a quality beer experience in the area, save your money and go to Four Peaks.
3	My wife and I went here for lunch on Saturday afternoon.  The place was pretty crowded but we didn't have to wait for a table.  Our waitress was very nice but I think she had too many tables to tend to and/or was new because she was a clusterfuk.  Our visit didn't exactly run smoothly but it was ok because we weren't in a hurry and weren't expecting much because of the reviews on here.  We only really came here because I like trying new burger places and I had a 50% off certificate from Local Dines ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ).Pros:* decent beer selection with several local brews* good tots* tasty burger* 50% off Local Dines certificates ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ )* good selection of interesting burgers* reasonably pricedCons:* food takes forever to come out* my "iced" tea arrived with no ice nor sweetener * my wife ordered her burger with no bun and it came with a bun* I ordered a side of tots which didn't come out until I asked about them* medium and medium rare burgers are somehow cooked the same* at least one beer on the menu is printed incorrectly.  For example, one beer on there is labeled as an IPA and it clearly isn't after looking the beer's label.* they were out of several beers* homemade thousand island is just blah.  it was almost all mayo.I wouldn't rush back here but I guess this place does serve up a solid burger.  It just wasn't anything special to go out of my way for.
1	8/12/12Will never go back...Straight to zero. I refuse to go to any more restaurants where I can see my server talking/texting on her cell phone while she/he is running my goddam credit card. When are you owners going to take control???!!!??? Sure, they may not be ripping ME off, but when I HAVE BEEN ripped off, this is how it happens... Take your head out of the sand and make policy... no cell phones at the POS machine... DUH - you own a restaurant. Straight to zero goes CB and CB... do not go here if if you hate riskO
1	Bummer, we were psyched to have a new burger hang-out.  Don't bother- we waited an hour and a half (with a 7 month old to entertain) and found out that our waiter "never turned in our order"- Uh, what?  We won't be back.  The patio is too small and the staff is incompetent.  No go!
4	Went there today for lunch and was very pleased.  It was a little after 1pm but they were still pretty crowded so that was a good sign.  Our server was very friendly and our burgers were great.  I really like the buns.  We both had the juicy lucy (or something like that) with the cheese cooked inside the meet.  Good stuff.  We also had onion rings and home made chips, both were great but the onion rings won the challenge.Looks like a great place to grab a beer and watch a game  too, the place is wallpapered with tvs, and has a nice selection of beer.  They have outside seating and televisions mounted out there as well.  Definitely worth checking out.  Prices were reasonable our burger and $10 each.  Yum.
2	The burgers are large and greasy.  Thats about it.  If you like waiting for over an hour plus to get average food, this is your place.  The diarrhea is free tho.
4	The place was hoppin' on St. Patty's day when we decided to give it a try.  Though it was busy, we didn't have to wait for a table.  We didn't seat ourselves, unlike other reviews, so it wasn't confusing or unlike any other seating experience.  Our waitress greeted us quickly and she was super nice and helpful.  She suggested I get their orange blossom beer, which was such a good suggestion.  I loved it... especially because our beers were served green for St. Patty's Day.The Hubs and I shared a burger, which took a while for us to get.  Apparently the order was messed up, but our waitress caught it and had them make another one.  We did wait awhile, but she was so nice about it we really didn't mind.  They split the burger for us and also gave us a mix of sweet potato and regular tatter tots.  Having been to it's sister restaurant, Arcadia Tavern, we knew the tots are a home run.  The burger was very good- cooked well and had a lot of flavor.The atmosphere in the place is similar to Arcadia Tavern with lots of TVs for watching games.  Our waitress was nice enough to give us $5 off for our messed up burger, so we were really appreciative of that.  We are so happy to have a U of A bar close to home now!  We will for sure be back to watch some games and have some good food.
4	North Scottsdale really needs more restaurants like this. As the name says, this place is all about beers and burgers. The service is great, and the burgers are consistently delicious. I really like their decor, even though they have a gazillion TVs. Definitely great atmosphere for watching a game. The outdoor patio is dog-friendly. They even have a water dish for pups!They used to have it set up so you walked up and ordered your food then seated yourself. This system created a huge line of people, despite the numerous open tables. Since they have switched to standard table service, we have gotten our orders in right away and been served our food much quicker.The best part about Cold Beers and Cheeseburgers is the happy hour, which runs from 3 to 7. Yes, $10+ dollars is a lot for a burger and a side. But during happy hour, you can get the CB&CB burger (essentially a cheeseburger with garlic aioli sauce) with fries for $6. All drafts are $4, and by drafts I mean 19.5 OUNCES! It's by far the best drink special north of the 101. They offer several beers from Four Peaks, Papago, and Santan, as well as the ole' standards. Dos Equis is $4.50 all day!The sweet potato tots are to die for, but you can't substitute them for the fries during happy hour. We figured out it's cheaper to order a side of sweet tots (it's large!) and split it between the three of us while still each getting the CB&CB burger with fries.During AZ Beer Week they had beer tasting on the patio. For $10, you got 8 generous samples and a 19.5 ounce draft of your choosing. I hope they do this again next year!
2	The beer selection is awesome. Alot of great beers on draft and in bottles. I really liked not seeing the usual domestics on draft. The menu has a lot of great items. The only thing that wasn't great was the service. We were there for almost two hours, and sat for 10 min before we even had our drink order taken. there was also other tables around us that had not recieved service. Would probably return though hoping the service gets better.
4	People seem to be hatin' on this place.  I came here with my team from work and we had a wonderful experience. We came in at about 2:00 on a Tuesday, so well after the lunch crowd was gone. We basically had the place to ourselves, and the server was very attentive.  The prices were in line with what you will pay at other gourmet burger joints, but the beer was a little steeply priced. $5 for a can of Moose Drool seems a little excessive. But overall we had a great time and I would come back here with my husband anytime.
4	Sometimes you just gotta have a burger.  I was in the Scottsdale Rd/Grayhawk area and noticed this place where Nick's used to be.  I tasted their burger at the Scottsdale Culinary Festival's Burger Battle and thought it was really good.The CB&CB burger with tater tots really hit the spot for lunch.  The burger and carmelized onions worked together really well.  The tater tots were delicious.Overall it was a satisfying meal and I'll be back soon.
4	Ok...I was a bit nervous about buying a Local Dines coupon to go to this place because of the inconsistent (mostly bad) reviews...but I bit the bullet because my husband likes burgers and I like date night with my husband.Before we got thru the door, one of the employees greeted us with enthusiasm.  We picked a table with good view of the sports events on the t.v's.  (This date night was all about my hubby).  They have his favorite beer on tap (Blue Moon)  They have a good selection of other beers for me to choose from (I chose Modus Hopirandi based on the servers suggestion and a small taster).Our server was Fabulous.....she knows the menu, she knows the beers, she's enthusiastic about the product. Where whas she in the previous reviews that state bad service?  I don't know but I'm glad that she's there now.  My husband ordered his burger Medium Rare due to other reviews talking about overcooking...it was medium rare. Just Right.I had the buffalo chicken sandwich with the sweet potato tater tots.  Exactly as described and Yummy.  (I hate it when the food doesn't match the description on the menu).Okay, the bun was a bit dry and tasteless...there are much better buns available out there...but the contents were well cooked and presented as described.We also ordered the Buddah mac and cheese and it is delish.  More to have for tomorrow's lunch.Thank you CBSquared for not not dissapointing us on our first date night to your burger spot....we'll be back...good service, good value, food as described, no surprises and really Good Beer List.
1	Sat down at 6:30. By 6:55 still hadn't been helped. Waiter kept walking by us like we didn't exist. Wouldnt know about the food as we got up and left. With service like this, I will never spend a dime here.
3	Great cheap appetizers... we had the sweet potato tots and buffalo blue cheese chips.  Both were good and only around $5 each.  We did find better buffalo chips at a nearby restaurant, and the beers at Cold Beers were kind of pricey.  Definitely try one of the shakes with booze, though... well worth the $9!
5	Have no idea why this place has been given a bad rap.  This is my new favorite place!  Brittany B  and Luis are the bomb !  The food rocked and the $10 beer flight special was awesome!   Two dinners a flight of 8 tastings 2 12 o and two black velvety for 48 bucks is a fricken steal !!!' Enjoy!  We will be backI only wish they cooked with canola oil as the vegetable oil contains soy.
3	Cold Beers.  Good.Cheeseburgers.  Good.A bar that takes the simple concept of boasting that it has both of these.  Good, but not great. Wanting to try Cold Beers & Cheeseburgers for a while, and having a $30 for $15 gift certificate from localdines (http://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485), my girlfriend and I stopped in for dinner on a Friday night.   The restaurant is small, so it can get crowded in a hurry.  We were lucky and managed to get one of the last tables before people had to start to stand around and wait.There's a lot that Cold Beers and Cheeseburgers does well.  There is also a lot that this place can improve on.Let's start with the food.I had the Juicy Lucy.  Neither, juicy nor lucy.  This is an ode to a popular burger served at two rival bars in Minneapolis.  The versions in the twin cities are two patties shaped around cheese, so that the cheese is in the middle of the burger and hot.  Think of it as a cheeseburger lava cake.  CB&CB's Juicy Lucy is two patties with cheese in between.  The beef was overcooked, and the cheese was barely there.  The sweet tots I had as a side were awesome.My girlfriend went with the CB&CB Burger with chips.  I took a bite and thought this was a wonderful signature burger.  The gruyere cheese and caramelized onions went together perfectly.  The chips were very good.The beer selection is awesome.  The draft menu alone is about 15 or 16 beers.  There's about 50 bottles and another 20 cans to chooses from.  There are easy views of the TVs over the bar and on one of the walls with a few games playing.  CB&CB also has a later happy hour (goes until 7pm), with good prices.  They also advertise a lot of specials (e.g. 10% carryout Tuesday).  There's also a good looking selection of sandwiches and a builder your own burger and build your mac and cheese menu.The cons.As already mentioned one of the burgers was very disappointing.  That's a shame considering this is burger bar.  There's no real waiting area, so people are just kind of awkwardly standing around while waiting for a table.  I sometimes felt like they were watching me eat.  We were also seated at a table right next to the soda fountain and server station.  The sound of the ice maker got a little annoying after a while.This is certainly a place worth giving a second try.  Especially with the localdine (http://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485) or one of their specials.  Just stay away from the so-called Juicy Lucy.
5	Having been to Arcadia Tavern about a 100 times, we found our self in North Scottsdale for one of the Kids ball games in Grey Hawk the other week so we ventured in to this place to give it a try.It was a Saturday and obviously they were pretty full but we were able to get right in. My husband was pretty suprised with the beer selction from the draughts to the bottles and even the great can beers they have, so after speaking with Kenny our server and some suggestions we went with a couple of draughts, I had the Wood Chuck Cider and this was very pleasant especially after being out side all day and the husband had the Lienenkugel Summer Shandy (Ithink this might be his new favorite beer)So we started of with the Jumbo Pretzel and let me tell you I can of had that all day and would have been happy. For dinner we obvoiusly went with the burgers, the kids did the little cheesburger sliders and fries under the kids section $6 with a drink, and I had the CBCB Burger with fries and the husband went with the Hangover Burger and opted for the onion rings.These burgers were fantastic.... seasoned just right and cooked to perfection and when they present them to you they are stabbed with a knife down the center to hold the burger together, clever idea! The boys loved their sliders wich is alway a plus in our book, make the kids happy and mom and dad can be happy and enjoy their meals.Needless to say this is great little burger joint that is a must try if you are in the area, great food, great beer and great service, A+ for just one damm good burger!
4	Stopped in for lunch.  Beers are cold which is nice on hot days.  I almost didn't stop because I don't eat meat but I saw they had a veggie burger that they make in house   I am told they are made fresh daily. It was good, much better than frozen Boca burgers etc.   tots were good as well.  Service was great.
3	I won a $25 gift certificate at a baby shower, and decided to use it, the food at the baby shower was delicious! I think their catering is probably a great deal, but eating at CB & C reminded me that it's called Cold Beer & Cheeseburgers for a reason- don't order the Mac and Cheese... I've eaten a lot of great mac and cheese, and was not happy with the buddha (I think that is what it's called) cheese, because the chicken felt under cooked and the timing was off, the chicken was cold and the mac was hot. The cheese flavor wasn't the best, and I thought overall it was kind of bland. If they would have put more breadcrumbs and popped the entire concoction- including chicken in the oven for about 7 minutes it might have been amazing, more melty. It was more like a cheesy pasta w/ chicken. It was missing cheddar maybe, too.I think their burgers are way better, my bf got a burger and it was really good, it had fries on it, and coleslaw and the onion rings were yummy too- but I think theres a reason why I should have ordered a burger since 80% of the menu is unique burgers...TIPSOrder a burgerGreen salad is goodRanch and Blue Cheese is homemade$4.50 dos equis everyday
1	We heard this was a great place , so we thought we'd give it try. How was the food? I wouldn't know. We sat at our table for 25 minutes and never had a server come to our table.  After the server at the table next to us continually glanced our way, but never came by, we decided to leave. Will we go back? NO!
5	Make your own Mac and Cheese, with Bacon and Gruyere, quite possibly the best Mac and Cheese I have ever had.
1	35 minutes... No food. You be the judge.
3	I like the concept but the food is just ok.  The soft pretzel appetizer was a sad sight.  A big doughy odd colored mess brushed with butter and what seemed to be regular table salt.  Cheese dipping sauce?  Ok if you say that's what that was I'll believe you.Tried the truffle burger, the truffle flavor is off and it becomes almost sickening by the end.  Bacon blue cheese burger was better than the truffle but not much (kind of greasy).  I thought the meat was a little cheap too, tough and chewy in spots.  Tater tots were delicious.A true 2.5 but I'll give them a .5 for crispy tots and for the concept in general.  Just get better CBC and become a solid go to spot for those of us that live up in this area.
1	Really disappointed in this place. Thought it was a cool local place with yummy burgers but really just a health scare with very poor service (unless you sit at the bar - the bartenders are always great service). The table servers we've had were slow, unapologetic and surly. And the food was just not worth it. I like a spot of grease when I'm craving it, but the food was overly greasy-fried, and the burger buns were dry. Not very tasty. If you want to have a junk food splurge, I can think of dozens of places where I'd line up first. Each time I've eaten there, I've left feeling nauseated. I've given Cold Beer & Cheeseburgers a 2nd and even 3rd chance because it's right near my house and my hubby seems to like it, but today broke me: they just posted something on Facebook that involved not only one of their greasy little burgers but topped with bacon and egg... with a side of doughnut. I kid you not! There's a photo!
2	I do really want to support local businesses near home, but this place is just all wrong. Prices are high relative to the quality of food, service is poor, the interior is dark, and MY BEER WAS FLAT. Seeing as how beer is in the name of the place, to serve flat beer and then the inane response of 'it's a light beer, it's supposed to taste that way' I got from our server when I asked for a different one. I know what a Coors Light is supposed to taste like and my draft beer was definitely very flat. Never happened to me before in my life and now twice in Arizona.The food is sub par and seems really over priced for being sub par. I had the $10 chopped veggie salad which was a small bowl (I thought they accidentally brought me a side salad) of  the Costco kind of white iceberg lettuce with carrot shavings. It was supposed to come with cheese and avocado however mine didn't arrive with it. It took a good number of minutes to get a server's attention to fix it. The burgers are okay sized. My fiance had the BBQ burger and again, wherever they are sourcing their ingredients from sucks. The BBQ sauce was sickly sweet and ketchup tasting as opposed to a good bold smokey flavor.I won't be returning here nor would I recommend it to anyone else. It was so bad we left at half time during the game we came to watch to find a different sports bar.
1	Bad food. BAD service.I ordered Cheeseburger Sliders and Tots. The sliders were a joke and the tots tasted like they were fried in very old oil. While I was chatting with my friends and waiting for the food, our server came over and slammed my plate down in front of me, which actually scared me and made me jump. Later on, I asked for hot sauce, and when she brought it over, she of course walked by quickly (without any eye contact) and also slammed it on the table. Everything she said to us was lazy, slurred, and unclear. On multiple occasions, we would have to ask each other "What did she say?". It was clear that she didn't want to be there. There is no reason for that bad attitude, especially since we did nothing that could have annoyed her.Trust the negative reviews! Don't go here!
1	Wow I am sad that this place is getting slammed by so many people.  This will be my last time to visit, I gave it 4 chances for a new joint and even with my suggestion to the owner that the oil was over 350 degress to cook wings did not help.  He gave me $10 gift card.  I ordered well done wings and not put on the grill.  The outside was great but the inside was still pink and rubbery.  Listen to me: The oil is too hot...The Oil is too hot.  You can not use the same oil for french fries.  Do not exceed 350 degrees and you will have super wings.  Check out you competition Zips Goldies Wolfley's perfect wings.Good luch great idea bad execution.  Listen to your customers, Pei Wei can not be the only successful restaurant over a year old.
2	I've only been here twice... and am still trying to convince myself its worth returning. I'd love to have more good local bar/restaurants in the Grayhawk/Pinnacle area... and hope this place improves. The burgers are barely OK.. not really tasty. I've had much better in the same price range at places that don't advertise 'Cheeseburgers' in their name. The service seems really sketchy... the bar & kitchen can't seem coordinate with the servers... not impressed! For now, I often end up grabbing Pei Wei takeout across the lot... even when I'm in the mood for a burger/steak (frequently).For what it's worth, a $30 gift card wouldn't be an enticement... reading on here that some kitchen reality show had stopped by and saved this place would be great!
3	Decent place with OK service and a nice environment for a place to watch a game.First time dining here. Great location on the end cap but a smaller footprint than I would have expected for a burgers/sports bar type of restaurant.Ordered a couple of BYO burgers. One with fries and the other with tater tots. The burgers were pretty good with a very nice 'artisan bun'. Excellent job cooking each to order!The fries and tater tots were common frozen product with the tater tots very underwhelming.TV's were of the same size mounted across the three sides of the restaurant and under the bar. No consistency in what games are being shown on which walls, so there  was lot of head turning!While the video set up was not as good as Zipps, the food quality was far superior (Zipps is downright awful IMO).Overall, a decent, local, non-chain place but one that has other competition and doesn't provide anything uniquely different to set itself apart.
5	Absolutely love this neighborhood joint!  The happy hour is great-buy one get one free appetizers,$5.00 drafts. (Yes, please!) I love the tot-chos, tator-tots done like nachos, so good. I have had the burgers, the signature one, the blue cheese one and the chili cheese one. All were cooked perfectly and they are hugely delicious. I have always found the service to be great and the staff to be very friendly. The atmosphere is expected for a burger/sports place. TV's placed everywhere for optimal sports watching views, I do wish they had buzz-time trivia but that's just a personal preference.  I would highly recommend this place for anyone looking for a great beer selection, great food and a great neighborhood experience.
5	My husband and I were in Scottsdale and passed this place. We went in primarily because of the name and we were very impressed! First off, I enjoyed the laid-back atmosphere. I was surprised it was so relaxed given the part of town it's located in. However, I was pleasantly surprised that this CB&CB lacked the pompous attitude often found in Scottsdale. Our server was absolutely amazing as well! She was attentive, friendly, and timely. Having served myself, I was genuinely impressed at her skills. In addition to a great atmosphere and fantastic service the food was downright amazing. My husband and I got burgers and we were both extremely impressed. In fact, that was one of the best burgers I have ever had. My fries weren't bad either, and my husbands buffalo wing chips were delicious. Overall, I can't say enough good things about this place and I definitely recommend giving it a try.
4	Been here 3 times so far.  The staff has treated me and my family well, the food I got tasted very good, and the beers have been good as well.  I'm not sure where these bad reviews came from because I've never had the issues people are complaining about.
4	Excellent burgers. Amazing sweet potato tots. Love the Pittsburg burger. Great beers on draft. Milkshakes are tasty. Everyone I bring to CB&CB love the burgers and tots. Buns are so-so and have changed a few times but I go bun-lessGreat buffalo chicken dip and chipsHot dogs are good Great happy hour and buy one app get one free for game days!Don't get the prim beef sandwichTurkey burger is okayChicken sandwich is good but not their signature dishService can be slow but staff is personable Only complaint is its not healthy enough to eat regularly
2	Service was OK ... food was meh ... price was OMG! This place won't last long.  Started by ordering a Smithwicks (on all the menus) oh sorry we don't have that anymore. Good I really didn't want to pay $6 for a beer.  Had the honey mustard wings to start they where just so so the blue chesse dressing was nice and chunky that was a plus.  My hangover burger was nothing special I've had better burgers at Denny's.  Over all it was just a disappointment I don't think it will get a second chance.
4	well after reading the reviews I thought I would give it a try as i was in the area.....I was expecting less but got more....good beer at a good price...for some reason they are on special on the weekend...not sure where it says that but the bartender did...$4 for a 19 ounce four peaks...burger was at bit spendy at $12 but the truffle and Gruyere was great...I will definitely pick up some local dines coupons when they come out and be back.. they it will be good value....also the fries were not hot but when mentioned fresh super hot ones arrived...the Chipotle ketchup was great too
4	Went for the first time with my family.  I was really surprised how small it was but it was very comfortable.  The sever was very nice and everyone liked the food.  Will go back
4	The onion dip is the best I have ever had! The beer is cold with a good selections and the bacon blue cheese burger was delicious and I really liked the house chips. The service was excellent. I say give it a try!
4	GREAT burgers.  Also our server was really helpful.  My only complaint is that since the burgers are so packed with goodness, the buns need to be a little more heavy-duty.  Mine fell apart pretty quickly.
4	Used Groupon for our first visit. We were impressed with the burgers. Cooked perfectly, good bun and tots. Will be back.
4	Just tried this place for the first time.   The food was excellent.   So if you're solely going for the food I would suggest this place.  The service, ehhh.   We sat down a few minutes before 7., and since the menu is limited to burgers we ordered at about 7:00  We got our food at 8:10.   This is usually a deal breaker for me.  Great food, disappointing how long it took.  But i'd give it another try, they can't be that slow all the  time.
4	Great burgers  service was ok. Would go back and bring friends/business associates.
1	Food took way too long.
4	We went for lunch using a groupon.  Great service, good burgers, plenty of food for left-overs, but quite expensive..  I'd only go back if I had a 1/2 off coupon.
1	Cold tater tots. Kids grilled cheese was inedible, full of burnt black pieces. Burgers were over cooked & very dry. Disappointing experience. Won't be back.
4	My daughter bought a groupon for this restaurant and we tried it tonight along with her two teenage kids. We were greeted and seated at once, and our waitress, Brittany, came by right away for drink orders.  The drinks came promptly and Brittany took our food orders right away.  The burgers were all very good, although cooked medium here is actually medium rare.  We had a hard time finishing everything because there was too much for us.  Our first experience here was very enjoyable and we'll definitely be back again. Thank you, Brittany, for making our first time there so good.
2	Tried to go there last night and it was a 45 minutes wait. Went back today for lunch. The inside is small and was very noisy at lunch time, so we sat outside. My daughter ordered a hot dog with cheese slices on it. When it was brought to the table the cheese was burnt black. We sent it back. When the next hot dog arrived it was burnt. She ate about 4 bites because she was hungry. My wife ordered the wings. They were rubbery and tasted fair. I tried two of them and was not impressed. My son had a plain hamburger and we ordered it cooked medium. It came out medium well. I had one of their specialty burgers and it was ok.  It was a little over cooked too. When my kids needed refills on their drinks I went inside and had to refill them myself. Twice we asked the waitress for extra napkins. She never brought them. Had to get them myself. I talked with the manager about the wings and hot dog not being right. He did take those items off the bill. We will never go here again.
3	Pretty good burger! Good beer selection & happy hour prices. We shared the Juicy Lucy - it was cooked just right and had nice gooey, melty cheese inside that oozed out when we cut into it. We had the tater tots which were really good. Love when they are cooked just right and come out perfectly golden brown and hot and crispy all around. While the quality seemed ok it lacked a bit of flavor. Had to season it pretty good with salt and pepper - but that can go both ways. I do like to season my own food so that wasn't a deal breaker for me. If or when we are back in the area we'd stop in again.
4	Yes, service is a little slow at times but food is very good, hot & smokey mac & cheese is awesome, and the patio is dog friendly. A much needed addition to the neighborhood.
4	First time here yesterday. Dined with my daughter. I had the 1000 Island and my daughter had the Roadhouse along with the sweet tots. Everything was very good. Waitress was helpful and attentive.
4	Good burgers...split MacChz and Bleu...they need to do fre3sh cut fries tho and for 2 $43 with 2 beers is a bit hi for lunch...but, great beer selection and a min of 4 stars for any restaurant with PilsnerUrquel on tap!
3	I really want this place to work out since there have been a handful of failed restaurants that  have come and gone in that location and I really would love to see a local business succeed.  We've been here three times and the burgers are always really good however the service is always painfully slow.   Skip the other non-burger stuff because they're just ok - stick with their specialty burgers and you'll always have a great meal. Besides being very slow, the wait staff can have a bit of an attitude too - they're not rude but you can tell they're just not happy to be there.  If service was better, we'd come here more often as it is just two blocks from our house.
4	Dog friendly patio! Dude, seriously brah, I love taking my dog Riley here to chill on the patio with a beer and a burger. The beer list is extensive with local beers and imports. The burger list is huge! So many choices, or a build your own option. They're served with your choice of tots, sweet potato tots or fries. I've eaten here twice and both times were great. The patio is a little on the small side, so I try to come during an off time so my dog isn't bothering anyone, she's just way too friendly and nosey. She'd be all up in some lady's tots like "gimme one of your tots!". If you arent a burger person, although why wouldn't you be?!, they have chicken sandwiches, salads and wings too. Check it out, and look for me and Riley on the patio!
4	Good burgers, nice selection of beer. Not a fancy place and the service is so-so, but if you live close by, it's worth it.
4	Not all burgers are created equal and CB & CB proves it. Their signature burger is a solid, tasty and nicely garnished burger served with a numbers of different sides, my personal favorite being the sweet potato tots. Since I can't run to Moody's Pub or Goldy Burgers in Chicago this is my favorite place for burgers in Scottsdale.Service all depends on the time of day and I'd never go back on a Friday or Saturday evening but any other time it's been great.
2	My husband and I ate here for the first time last night.  We had set out to try the new Which Wich restaurant in the same plaza, but since that place was already closed and it was after 8:30pm, we walked into this place.The did not pay attention to us when we sat out on the patio.  Nobody came around to our table at all so after about 5 minutes we went inside.  This was kind of inconvenient because we were carrying around our 11 week old baby in his carrier too, but we repositioned ourselves at a table inside.The server came over and asked to take our drink orders, but he didn't really greet us at all.  He was not very friendly.  No small talk either.  He was down to business.  It wasn't really even that busy.  My husband had a Diet Coke to drink, but it tasted ultra syrupy.  It must have been served out of the bar hose.  I just had water which was a mistake.  It tasted like Chlorine.  My husband hollered to the waiter who appeared to be in earshot, "Excuse me!  Could we please get a bottled water?!?!?"  He didn't even turn around nor acknowledge him.Finally, when he came back to our table to take our order, we asked him for one, but they don't have bottled water.  :"(  Next we ordered the food.  We liked our food.   My husband was really impressed with his "Build Your Own Burger."  I had a Vegetable Salad which was really good.  The dressing was especially excellent.  It took a while to get our food out, but we really didn't mind because we were distracted by all of the televisions.  This was another plus.  The L.A. Lakers vs San Antonio Spurs playoff game was on.  To summarize, this place really would have gotten more stars had the service been better.  However, it was nothing special compared to the other options North Scottsdale has to offer.  We may be back, but I doubt it.  Probably only if every other desirable option has already closed.
5	Great atmosphere, good beer and excellent service. My husband and I decided to try this place out tonight for the first time.  It is pretty close to home and the menu online looked interesting. We went around 6pm on a Friday night.  The place was packed but we only waited for about 15 minutes.  It is a small space but has a nice friendly vibe.  We had decided on our order while we waited so we were ready when we got to the table.  Our server, Taryn was very friendly but most importantly she was quick and efficient.  (We were there with our 2 month old and 3 year old).My husband had the CB+CB Burger with fries, I had the sliders and onion rings and we both had a beer.  Our daughter shared with us. Overall everything was fresh and delicious. The onion rings were crisp, the burgers juicy and I was very excited they had one of my favorite beers on tap. Before tip our bill was only $29! We will for sure be back.
5	I've been to this establishment on 2 different occasions and have no complaints.  Yes, the place resembles a neighborhood sports bar, if you want fancy and white glove service go to Lush or somewhere.The food my wife and ate (Juicy Lucy/Mac n cheese) were of very good quality and tasted good, along with the sweet potato tots!Establishment has ample supply of big screens to allow you to watch all your sports venues from which ever wall you are facing.
2	The food is decent. Good selection of beers and happy hour prices... But for those who get duped into buying a Groupon, buyer beware... If you use a Groupon, you will NOT get happy hour prices. This is the ONLY restaurant that has ever pulled this crap. I basically had to pay full price for my family tonight. Was totally pointless on using the Groupon. Shame on you CBCB, for deceiving customers like this. I will be hard pressed to recommend this place now to any friends and colleagues.
4	LOVE this place! Its the sister to Arcadia Tavern and while it is no AT, you get the same neighborhood bar feel.Plus, they have superb tots!YUM!
4	Always looking for a good burger so decided to give this place a shot during happy hour. It was very busy with many families and small children there. It's a local Grayhawk hangout, nice little joint with many beers and TV's all over the place. I ordered some new burger they had called the French Onion for $13 (a little pricey IMHO). I think I misread the description because I was somehow thinking I was getting a french onion soup type of dipping bowl or something. It was a big burger with an onion ring on it and some french dip sauce. Although it was different than what I had envisioned it was still very tasty and the fries were pretty good too. Huge portions. They had 16 oz beers in cool grenade style mugs for $3. Many other beers to chose from. We had good service and even though it was packed the food came out in a timely manner. My girl had the hot dog and she said it was "pretty good".  I would go here again, I will try the shake next time with my burger.
4	Very tasty...My friend and I arrived a half hour before closing  on a Sunday night. I had heard positive reviews about CBAC and had been driving by it a number of times...Other than the server who looked exhausted after working a double shift, and nonetheless who was very nice and accommodating....the juicy Lucy  burger I ordered was very tasty and came infused with a variety of cheeses...possibly one of the best burgers I had ever had...The burgers come with choices of sides (fries, tater tots, or salad) but you do pay $ 2.00 extra for them, just a forewarning as the server may ask you what you want as a side not assuming that you don't know it's not already included...Not a big deal in itself but it would be nice if it would be made clear as it's not necessarily obvious...until I really paid attention to the top of the menu's finer print.My burger was wonderful and cooked to perfection...I was just alarmed at the mountain of tater tots that were served alongside it versus a handful or should I say a normal portioned size...I disagree that the tater tots are awesome as stated in other reviews...If you want the bomb tater tots, you need to drive south to Rehab Burger Therapy in Old Town and you'll get a guaranteed climax...enough said...Tasty burgers, good service...no big deal about the side dishes...I do like the place even better than LUSH...as it's more casual and not  pretentious....other than the interior is really nothing special, and could be a little bit more inviting in my humble opinion....Last but not least, I counted at least thirteen TV screens which I assume should be plenty to entertain you while you feast on your burger concoction.
3	Been here a few times, trying to like it more than I do, but it's just so so. Burgers are good, some rather creative choices like the Mac 'n Cheese Burger and the Juicy Lucy, and they're keeping up with what seems to be a more and more popular trend of Tater Tots or Sweet Potatoe Tots or "Sweet Tots" as they like to call theirs.  Everything I have had has been good.  Maybe it's the fact that it seems to take too much time, and I have to listen to one staff members hang over stories to another and what bar are they going to tonight after work.  Maybe it was during each of the 3 times they came by to ask me how my meal was, my mouth was completely full, but somehow I got the point across that it was fine.  Not that the meal changed in the next few minutes or so, but they still wanted to know if it was still fine, and again.  I finally pointed to my full mouth until he needed his head that he understood.  Pet Peeve of mine, Over Service is just as bad as Under Service.  Good Food, Great Beer Selection, and Lots of TV's for such a small place.
3	Stopped in after a movie. First impressions...busy, no tables open at 6:35 PM on a Saturday night, noisy, wait folks just doing there job... Not very friendly. FOOD, I ordered a build your own burger. Did not time the wait, felt we had to wait a little to long for a medium cooked burger. Tasty, but for my taste bun was to buttery. If I'm looking for a good burger near to where I live I'd go here rather than Blue Burger, but it's a look calmer In Blue Burger.
3	Good burgers.  Been to the restaurant several times and have no complaints about the food.  My issue is that they recently changed their menu and started charging $2 extra for tots or onion rings instead of fries or chips.  Wish that they had made this a little clearer or instructed their servers to point it out.  Seemed ridiculous paying $2 extra per order even for kids portions.  Nice way to pad the bill.  Was there on a busy night and had to get our own silverware, plates, etc since we couldn't get anyone's attention.
3	Hamburgers were really good. There was a lot of choices for hamburgers. They had fries, cheese fries, tots, and red onion rings. Service on the other hand was lacking. Total wait time to order was about fifteen mintutes and it wasn't even busy.This place had a bar feel, on the loud side not really kid friendly.
2	I really wanted to like this place, I had bookmarked it a while back and when the dinner opportunity came up I was super stoked. It's not too far from my house, and the prices didn't look to bad. Plus, they had a happy hour. Score!When we got there, it wasn't too busy, which is good. There must've been a memo I didn't get about screaming children though. I'm all for family restaurants, but this restaurant is actually pretty tiny, and the tables are smooshed together. We had the lucky opportunity to sit next to the loudest of the kids, so the first half of our visit was not great. Our waitress, that's another review all on its own. I don't know why, but I have an issue with restaurant dress codes. I don't need to see a girl wearing shorts so short that the bottom of her bum is sticking out. This was pretty much all of the female staff. She greeted us right away, which was good, but then it took about 10 minutes for ice water . . . then she only took one alcohol order. I had said I wasn't sure what I wanted, but she didn't come back for another fifteen or so minutes. That was annoying. She was pretty absent from then on. refills were sporadic, so we had to hold on to what we had. Not sure when the next refill would come.When we finally got to ordering (I'll admit it took us awhile because we are pretty chatty) I was famished. I ordered mac n cheese (duh) and everyone else ordered a burger. The mac n cheese I ordered had broccoli and chicken in it, my favorite combination. However, when the mean came out, for some reason there was no chicken in it . . . and the cheese had hardened on the top, which makes me think it had been sitting for a while before being brought out. The waitress noticed I had no chicken, so she brought me out a piece on grilled chicken on a side plate. This was the tiniest, thinnest, piece of 'chicken' i've ever seen.The food was tasty however, so no complaints (minus no chicken and cold mac n cheese).All in all, probably would come again, but not for beer, it was very expensive, (between 4 of us, we had bout 12 beers and it was $90 during happy hour?). I also would probably not recommend it unless you are prepared for the unwatched screaming children and over priced beer.
2	After a few return trips, Cold Beers & Cheesburgers really started to grow on me.  I tried more of its burgers, beers, and sides, and I really started to enjoy what CB & CB has to offer.  But, when I ate there last week, everything went down when I picked up the menu.The prices have been jacked up.  And not only is it more expensive in general, but there is now an up charge for sides other than chips and fries.  Part of what made CB & CB stick out from countless amount of burger joints in the valley was all the side options.  Now, the meal that cost about $10 or $11 a month ago, is around $12 to $15.   The happy hour and daily specials are also not what they used to be.So to sum it up.  The food is good, but worth the price.  The good news is that CB & CB is still on local dines (http://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485).  You're now really going to want to use the $30 for $15 gift certificate so you don't feel overcharged.
2	Nice people, good food and  a great beer selection.The waitress was great, and we really all enjoyed our sandwiches.  But then again,  I had damn well better enjoy them at $13 each!! If you "upgrade" your side, you've got a $15 burger.  AND, after I ordered (during happy hour BTW) I found out our beers were SEVEN DOLLARS EACH.$22 for a meal consisting of a cheeseburger and a beer?   Think about it -- 4 people could walk out dropping $100 for cheeseburgers, after tax and tip.  That's just crazy.Yes, the food was good but value is part of the equation and on that, CBCB fails.
4	Yummy!!! Even though the place was packed the service was fantastic and the food came out quick!  The burgers where great and loved the sweet potato tots. All I needed was maple syrup to dip those in.
3	Met the wife here with our kids and two of their friends (6 of us) and we all had build your own burgers except my wife who had wings.  I have to save the burgers were excellant.  All of the kids loved theirs and mine was awesome with a fried egg and garlic aioli sauce.  As far as how they were cooked, that too was very close to perfect.  On the down side, the waitress went MIA many times while our drinks were empty (couldn't even find her and when she was near our table, just walked past as we tried to wave her down) and other people that sat down quite a bit after us had drink orders and food orders before ours gave us the time of day (taller girl with long blonde hair).Other than a subpar waitress, I have to admit the food was excellant and the tater tots were the best I have ever tasted - crispy on the outside and moist inside with a buttery flavor.  It was very busy and I can't say I really disliked anything other than our server and the kids burger options.  The price was a little up there with four kids and two adults (only one domestic beer with everyone else having sodas or iced tea) we were right at $100.00.They do have a two sliders meal as an option for kids, but all of our kids wanted a burger, so you are looking at about $10.00 per kid plus their drinks.  I will definitely be back with hopefully a better server and not so many kids.  If they could add a smaller kids burger to the menu and better servers, I would give it four or five stars, since none of our kids could finish the larger ones and everyone was very unhappy about the service.
3	The food is always good and tasty, but with a name like cold beer and cheeseburgers, I expected the 'cold' beer selection to be a little better.  The first two I ordered were not in stock and the bartender told me they don't have a lot of what is on their menu.  He also mentioned to me how much $ they spent on their menu sign which I thought was a little unorthodox.  I finally got the Pilsner draft and was very shocked to see that less than a pint was $6.  Now, I am no expert, but that just seems unreasonable to me.  It came in a little circle glass and I know it wasn't a full glass like you would get at any other establishment.  It has been a while since I have been and I don't remember the drinks being so much $ or them not having what they list on their menu, however, the food is incredible and I try a different burger each time I go.  I will definitely be back for the food, but if you are going to have a drink, my suggestion is to get your booze somewhere else.  Cold Beers and Cheeseburgers, at least for now, gets half of that equation right.  I will be back to try another one of their succulent creations.
1	Walked in, got seated quickly, then waited for 10 min for someone, anyone, to  acknowledge our presence. When we finally asked a waitress if she could help us, she replied,"Uh, I guess, yah."  Needless to say, we walked out. Is there a way to give a "no-star" review on Yelp?
4	The food here is AMAZING!!! I'm getting hungry just thinking abut it! Their tot-chos are to die for! The service was not so hot, but I was too consumed in deliciousness to pay attention.
5	My partner and I were getting ready to start our Sunday Funday drinking at BS West on 7/28/13 and we decided it might be a good idea to eat first seeing as we haven't eaten all day.  CBCB is within walking distance from the club so we decided we'd check it out. We were greeted at the door and were taken to a booth. There were many different sporting events on the televisions. I was pleased to see that they were showing the soccer game, with a lot of soccer fans in attendance at CBCB. It was USA vs. Portugal, which we won 1-0, WOOT WOOT! But the server was nice and brought us waters right away. Every person that was working there looked to be in good moods and they were an attractive bunch of guys and gals! The menu tells you everything you need to know about the food and prices, including any extra charges for substitutions. I ordered the mac and cheese burger and my partner ordered the glazed doughnut burger.  It was REAL mac and cheese too, not that crap from a box with the powdered cheese. When the food arrived, which was pretty quick, one bite into the hamburger and my life was changed. There's a reason why the burgers are a little on the pricy side; you're paying for quality. It was AMAZING! My partner couldn't even talk as his brain was on another planet after eating his hamburger. The tots and fries were good too.  CBCB saved our lives as we didn't get too trashed when we went back to the club as we were stuffed the rest of the day. Thanks CBCB, we will definitely be returning with others from the bar. Keep up the great work and the great food.
1	First of all, let me say this is the best possible 1 star review ever. Let me expound on that. Honestly it was just one HUGE negative that brought this review from 4 stars to a measly one star. But I'll get to that in a minute. Let me tell you why I was going to give a 4 star review: The biggest reason, very nice staff. My server & the manager just kinda hung out & talked with me. Secondly, very nice atmosphere(They literally just remodeled). Thirdly(keep in mind I've only been there once & only got the 3-patty burger challenge) the burger was good, not great, but I have been told by many that their TOT CHO's (tater-tot nacho's) & their custom Mac N' Cheese are unique & to-die-for. Unfortunately, I'll will never get to try them, b/c despite all the positives I've mentioned, the ONE HUGE NEGATIVE I experienced, has caused me, out of principle, to never come here ever again. That issue: RIDICULOUS, UNDISCLOSED PRICE GOUGING. Let me explain. They have burger challenges ranging from 3-14, half LB. patties. You have to beat the champions time for each respective size & if u do, u get a picture on the wall & the burger is free. Now, their cheapest burgers are $10 & come with fries. Additional patties are $5. So,the cheapest 3 patty burger should cost $20 & come with fries. But for the challenge, you don't have to eat the fries, so in my opinion, they should knock $2 bucks off, but they don't. Mildly irritating, but no big deal. $20 for a 1 &1/2 pound gourmet cheese burger in North Scottsdale is not insane. However, 30 FREAKIN' DOLLARS, the amount of my bill is HIGHWAY ROBBERY. So how the Hell did it cost $30, when I could've ordered a BETTER BURGER(more & better toppings) WITH FRIES off of the menu for $20?. The old Switch-a-roo, that's how. First of all, they don't let you order a $10 single patty burger & add two $5 patties to it. Oh no, that would be WWWWAAAAAAYYY too logical & fair. No, you have to buy the $18 2 Patty Mammoth burger, which isn't even on the menu & all it comes w/ is cheese lettuce & tomato. Then you have to add a $5 patty to that, making it $23 before tax FOR JUST THE BURGER.I know what you're saying "But Chris, if all u got was just the burger, no drink or anything,(which was the case) after tax it would still be like $25 & change. Well now comes in the part that explains why I will never come here again. I told the manager I didn't want the lettuce & pickles. He said, no problem, you can SUBSTITUTE 2 pieces of bacon for each veggie i want to take off. Now, call me crazy, but if a Server says you can SUBSTITUTE something & don't mention an upcharge, to me that means the substitution is free. Apparently, this place didn't get the memo. Not only did they rob me of the fries AND CHARGE charge me an unexplained extra $3 dollars, they charged me another 4 FREAKIN DOLLARS FOR 4 BACON STRIPS!!!!!!!!!!!!! And in case u were wondering I did finish it, but not in time. So I had to pay $29.15 for a slightly above-average, 1& 1/2LB. cheese burger w/ 4 strips of bacon on it!!!!!!!!!! I've litterally have had $8 burgers @ Chilie's that were just as good & satisfying, b/c they came with fries. So basically, in my opinion, I was double charged, b/c they most I would have willingly paid for that burger is $15 MAX, AFTER TAX. I paid $29.15!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hence the 1 star
2	Burgers were good. Nice to actually get a medium rare burger these days. Tater tots good too, but $2 additional for sweet tots. Kind of in line with everything else though, expensive! We were there for happy hour and they did have the American burger with fries for $8, no tots. Happy hour card on table indicated $4 drafts. Apparently that only applied to select varieties and nowhere did it say which brews. Bud Light? All our beers were $7 for a pint! That's not happy hour. Decent neighborhood sports bar but probably won't go back.
3	Service was below average. Wait staff seemed to get every table's order mixed up with another when serving food. Random items ended up on our bill. Thankfully the removed it once I said something.Custom made a burger and Mac N' Cheese. Half of what I ordered was missing.In all, it was a slightly below average burger joint.
1	Better to walk across the parking lot to Chipotle. Waited over an hour for my food and never got my order correct. Nor asked what my correct order really was.They wouldn't comp the meal! Don't waste your time and money.
1	The one star is because of the food being awesome, assuming you can get served and that they haven't run out of staples like fries, tater tots, and onion rings. I'm not making this up! After waiting 46 minutes for our beers (which were never brought to our table), we decided to leave. We told the waitress why we were leaving and there was no apology given, no sorry, no nothing. Clearly, they are lacking management. Sad. The food is great but the service was non-existent. Can't believe they spent all that money remodeling, only to lose our party of 8. Wonder how many others left. As we were leaving, another table said they had been there an hour without much progress either. We went to Chipotle across the parking lot and ate without effort or hassle. Yea Chipotle!!
5	Okay, I have had a chance to be back in a couple of times now since our boys are now playing baseball for SCR and most practices and games are in North Scottsdale. I have to admit I have read some other reviews and I just don't get it, every time I go with the boys we have a good meal at a great price and enjoy our selves.With that said, we went just a coupe of nights ago and I was totally impressed they have remolded and made this corner spot In Greyhawk a must see. They now have a much bigger bar that opens up to the out side and have expanded their patio and added some booths, and yes they even added more TV'sSo take what you want from the reviews, but if you want a good burger in a casual neighborhood setting, give this place a try!
1	Went last night and the service was terrible. Food was pretty good, but couldn't even get our drinks filled. Had to ask the bartender for our check because the server never came back. But, probably the most disappointing part of the night was the managers. No manager ever came through our section. One of our orders didn't even come out and the manager never came by to see if he could do anything for us. The server was horrible, but the manager should have seen what was going on. The funniest part was that as we were leaving two ladies were complaining about the exact same service that they had received.
1	It's barely worth one star. I have given this place 4 chances solely based on how good the food is. My wife and I have gone 2 times before the remodel and now last night was the second and last after remodel. The service is horrible! Either you don't get acknowledge when you are first seated or it take 15min for a beer and 30-45 min for food. That's if they bring you the right food. I blame the management because there is none. I have never had a manager come by my table as with all other restaurants. This place needs a John Taffer makeover badly! It's really sad cause the food is good and it's near my house! Oh well they are on my list of "no return".
3	Angus beef burger w/gruyere and caramelized onions. Better than your average burger!The turkey burger, just plain was even more flavorful.Mac and cheese, let's just say AMAZING.Service Hmmm, how do you say "SLOW for no apparent reason," nicely? Anywho, was lunch for three worth $69 bucks, not sure. Perhaps if my glass of iced tea was kept full without asking!
2	Great work from the kitchen, but EPIC FAIL by front of house... If only that great food hadn't died on the pass! (6-8 minutes waiting!!) Beer arrived "cool" and FLAT. (how long had IT been sitting there?!) Goddamit![It looks like yelpers Zachary V. and Dan P. got it right before me. Poor service since at least a few months ago!]The FRENCH ONION BURGER was well-conceived and the ingredients were great!--perfectly-cooked medium-rare burger--gruyere on top. great choice, perfect flavor, but already hardening and cold--grilled onions were juicy and not too salty--even the bun was buttery and delicious--tater-tots perfectly cooked### Too bad it all arrived lukewarm and DEAD.You know (or perhaps you don't) what "dead" food tastes like. If you don't know what that means, think "taking home a to-go bucket of fried chicken with a side bucket of french fries". When you arrive home, it's just faded! The fried chicken may still be kind of crispy and slightly warm and the fries may be tasty, but they've lost their life. They're DEAD! You go (or you should be going) to a restaurant to taste well-prepared food, from fresh, high-quality ingredients, presented just moments after cooking.Here's the timeline:# arrived, patio table filthy from previous diners. Where's the support staff? (nowhere)# host didn't even notice how dirty our table was and take action to clean it# nor did our server when she arrived to ask us if we wanted waters. I had to ask her for a towel to clean it up. Oh, was this supposed to be a sawdust-bar?# +12 first service (to take drink orders) 12 minutes.# +19 minutes orders taken## +22 minutes beer arrives. For a place called "cold beer" and cheeseburgers, I want to be *drinking* a draught beer no more than 6 minutes after I sit down.### the beer is FLAT and "cool". At +22 minutes, I was going to drink it anyway. goddamit! I am so mad at you right now!+35 minutes, the table next to us, having arrived after us, receives part of their order (2 plates) before us+43 minutes, the table next to us receives their other 2 mains.## +45 minutes, our food arrives, DEAD+50 minutes, i sent it back saying I don't have time now to wait another 20 minutes for more food.+55 minutes my colleagues sitting at a nearby table get their food, having arrived a few minutes after we did# +75 minutes, i have to flag down another server to get our checkOther suggestions:* Redesign your menus. Beer and Alcohol menu reads like an index card i'm using as a cheat-sheet for a lecture.* As you present the regular menu, explain it to me. Tell me that the apps and features are on the front, and the Burgers (!) are on the back. Talk to me about it, and get me excited for what i'm about to eat. Don't just drop me and run.* it's *&@#$'n October in Phoenix. The weather is fantastic. You gotta know that folks are going to want to find a place to sit and have a great lunch (beer and a burger) on a great patio. How can you not properly staff for a mildly busy lunch service?!* where are the busers, runners and support staff? (read: nowhere!) Offload some of this work from the servers to let them do their jobs properly.Note: there may be a problem with my phone, but when I went to check in here and my GPS put me ON TOP OF the restaurant, it fell to 24th on the list of "nearby restaurants". :/
2	I've been here a handful of time. Food is good but the service is sloooooow! Even when we asked the waitress if we could place an order she said she had to get a pen and took another 15-20 mins to get back to us. We waited about 30 minutes for our appetizer and when our burgers came out, the medium we ordered came out well done. We sent it back and it came out well done again. The manager did take it off the bill but we would rather have had a burger cooked the way it was ordered. I think it will be awhile before we try it again. Location is great and the concept is good, just need to work on customer service, server personalities, and food prep times.
4	I always enjoy trying new places. The burgers were good and the menu includes a wide variety of burger options. Good beer selection as well. Service was a little slow, but we arrived at the same time as a large group that took up half the restaurant. I will definitely go back because the burger was tasty and I enjoyed the meal.
5	Had lunch here yesterday and am SOLD! Had the Rocky Pt burger and it was all that I hoped it would be and more. Love the fact that they serve their burgers w/a huge steak knife impaled in your burger. Nice touch. Fries were fat and mealy - very filling. They did get the wrong burger out to me, but did make up for it by correcting it quickly (ordered mine rare).Also tried 2 of their Bloody Mary's and they def served as my "hair of the dog" and chased my headache away nicely.I wld like to try the Old Town location though. The one in N. Scottsdale/Phx is a bit tame, but that's okay as I wanted to visit w/my friends. Sit on the patio - good for ppl watching and you can still see the football games on. :)
3	Was there last weekend... The food was good not great and service could be improved.  I ordered the pit burger which is pretty much a BBQ bacon cheeseburger. The burger was served with a knife in it and it felt like they added an extra helping of BBQ sauce where the knife was stuck. So when I actually cut the burger in half, that area including the bread was drenched in BBQ sauce. The rest of the burger was not soaked like that which is why I think they added extra BBQ sauce where the knife was stuck into the burger. I was not impressed with my burger being served that way. The waitress got my friend's order wrong bringing her the wrong burger so we had to wait another 10 mins for her food to come out. This could have been prevented had she wrote down the order. Overall, they're ok. Will probably give them another try and see if next time is any better.
3	Amazing amount of TVs for the size of the place. Really large selection of beers in bottle & on tap, though the best options are in the bottle - hope they revisit their tap selection soon. Burger was good, I preferred it to the one's I've had at Burger Rehab. Great place to watch a game(s).
5	I absolutely love this establishment! The food and service is great. I love the variety of the menu too. This restaurant will not disappoint.
2	Ordered burger "med. well" for take out even had the girl repeat back my order & made sure it will be med. well only slightly pink she said. Well when I got home with it...it was pretty much RARE TO MEDIUM RARE !!! Will NOT be ordering food there anymore. Too many other places that will get your order correct. The chips were good though. The order was ready on time.
5	Cold beers and cheeseburgers is my kinda place, with the lovely staff and the great food this is a family resturaunt. The burgers are fantastic and the service is great- recommend the 1000 island burger with French fries. Also the tots were very good as well, cold beer was just the answer to a lovely dinner!
2	Should be called cold beers and cold cheeseburger. You would think that the b.y.o.b. checklist that they have you fill out would help with the order accuracy...built my own mushroom swiss burger and when it came to the table I gave it an odd look and the waitress asked "what are you looking for? " I said I think my burger is missing the mushrooms.  When she came back,  I also noticed that my mushroom swiss burger was missing the swiss cheese.  Instead of taking the burger back into the kitchen to melt the cheese on she brings me a slice of swiss cheese straight from the fridge.  I actually paused and thought to myself 'wtf'. She then proceeds to ask if I wanted it melted. I said "yes please" to which her response was "all you had to do was ask". Horrible.
5	I frequent the newly remodeled Grayhawk location. Whether you are looking for a great spot for drinks and sports or have hunger pains, you can always count on a great experience here.  Monster portions, delicious burgers, salads, appetizers, sandwiches and more!  Indoor outdoor seating, patio heaters for brisk AZ nights!  A favorite local spot!  Highly recommend.
1	Live 5 minutes walk  finally made it here, shoulda waited longerSat for twenty minutes, waiter was friendly when she took order, food for 3( burgers medium rare) took 45 minutes to get to table, all three were wrong, undercooked , over cooked, incorrect, missing itemsMangers response, I don't know why those two guys are in the kitchen alone!! He doesn't know, well that sucksThis is a place that has an item on the menu for you to order a beer for the kitchen after their shift, maybe you should be able to order them a recipe bookSkip this place at all costs
5	Oddly enough I've never been here but we have it catered at my work all the time. It's just down the street from me and I'm tempted to go in sometime. The sliders and the Mac & cheese are absolutely out of this world and I have to say for never having actually visited the restaurant I'm compelled to recommend this place to anyone!
4	This place has either gotten rid of old management or had a come to jesus moment because its done a complete flip from previous experience.  Keep up the good work.
5	Five dollar off coupons are all over the place - your yelp offer, also in magazines and newspapers and since the manager admitted that the home office screwed up, you can use these coupons at Happy Hour. So, the $7.50 all-american burger at HH becomes a real bargain at that point. It is a very solid burger as well, this one has no bells and whistles, just cheese and lettuce, etc. It would only be at the $10 price point when they start to get fancier and more creative. The buns here are quite fresh, the burger is a pretty good size at 1/2 pound and they cooked it right on the first try. I ordered the chips and those were crunchy and several were double-folded, which is a good thing. This location became 100% dead at 8pm and i had the bar to myself. The outside part of the bar though was poorly designed to watch TV as you can see all the screens on the far wall, but they are kinda far awy to concentrate on the games. Sit at inside bar to enjoy games. Friendly service and manager and quick service were also appreciated. I think I have tried tried half the stuff on this menu, mostly in Old Town, and they always get things right and tasty.
4	5 stars for food. Knocked one off for sour puss server. Would it kill you to smile? We got the sleepy dog red rover irish ale and kilt lifter beers. Both were so good and chilled to perfection. The mac and cheese burger was calling our name which we answered with a pretzel bun, of course. The best burger I've ever had,  no joke. We will be back and hopefully we won't get the same debby downer server.
5	Loved it.  Great service. Great good. Chef came out personally and brought my wife fresh chicken.  Amber was awesome!
4	This place was pretty good.  I am a big burger person. We brought the little guy and he loved it.   Service was good.   It's kind of dive bearish, and the first high chair we picked was broken, but overall food good service good so no complaints here.   I would def go back
3	Great place to watch sports as there are plenty of tv's, a great beer selection, but wished the food was better. It is not that the food is bad it is just so heavy and rich. If you eat an entire burger, you will be full for 2 days... Usually end up making what we call the " hell fire nachos" which is basically their hell fire chips covered with the buffalo chicken spread.
5	I heard from some friends that the service was better from cb&c. I have said in the past I would never go back. The service always sucked but the food was great. Based on the food only I decided to give it another chance. I was pleasantly surprised that they figured out their service issues and got them resolved. As of now I have been there 4 times and each time I had great service. I am happy to report that cb&c is back on my list of favorites!
5	My friend celebrated her 29th birthday last night at this place. I met the Manager before hand and gave him a credit card for the group of 18. They ate and drank and had a great time. From the excellent manager, all the the way down this is a great place. They said the food and hospitality was fantastic. Thanks again for taking care of our friends. We will to continue to recommend your wonderful place to all our fiends. Cheers !!!!!!
1	If it hadn't of happened I wouldn't have believed it.We walked in approximately 7:30 on a Sunday to a half full restaurant only to be met by a young hostess who told us that it was a min of a 10min wait for a table... As I looked at at least a dozen open tables I asked her why we could not sit.  She tells us "I am trying to give my servers a break, we got busy..." Again, we look around a half full restaurant with a half full bar (with an obvious bored bartender) and with a little surprise say "Excuse me?, there are many tables available".  She says with a huff that "its really busy and we'd have to wait at least 10min, maybe longer..." More than surprised I ask if we can order to go and she says ( I kid you not), "no, its still too busy for me and my servers, you can wait outside if you like..."Manager/Owner:  Fire her.  Not only did she turn away multiple tables, she was so clueless as to her duties and role that she didnt even offer to sit us with a short wait... where we and others would have ordered a few drinks and waited for the staff to catch up...  If this is the way you run your place you will go out of business.  Maybe its years of working in restaurants, maybe its just me, but this was the epitome of horrible service and represents the exact type of person NOT to have working in any customer facing / service business. We will never return.  And why would we when there are several great places within a mile.  In fact we had a great meal served with a smile and kindness at Local Bistro just down the street.TL:DR = moronic young hostess turns away multiple tables and customer because she doesnt know how to work or how to employ any semblance of customer service.  Yes, the cliches about millennials are true for a reason.
3	Good food, but kinda pricy. Service is hit and miss. Can get very busy, to the point of being uncomfortable. Of course all the burgers are good, but the Grayhawk Club is awesome. Oh, and the beers are super cold.
3	Went here on 5/24.The good: Tot chos (nachos with tater tots instead of chips). i would order these again. Cold beer with lots of choices. Menu with lots of stuff that looks appealing. Sliders were very good.Not so good: The au jus was super salty. Had the french dip and couldn't use much of the au jus. Ordered the brownie sundae and it came in a beer mug. Wasn't good and eating it out of a beer mug was weird. Our server asked us how we liked our food and I told him that the dessert wasn't very good. He said, "I know, it's not very good". They still let us order it and charged us for it.I think there are a lot of good things about this place but steer clear of anything that has au jus and skip the dessert.
3	The thousand island burger and sweet potato tots= delicious!  Points lost for the clientele,  or lack there of. There's never anyone in there (at least when I've gone which I'd after 7pm). I hear their happy hour is hopping!
4	Pretty good burger.  Service was friendly and attentive and I really love those brioche buns.  I will say, the whole food challenge thing, while not for me (the last thing I need is a bunch of people gathering around to watch me eat)  creates quite the hoopla.  The hungry bear of a man attempting it while I was there attracted quite the crowd.  Good times.
4	Good food good choice of beers pretty good with kids and the service isn't to bad. I would recommend them do lunch dinner or a happy hour event.
3	This place is always hit or miss for me.  Sometimes I have a great experience from the service to the food to the drinks and sometimes it's just a big mess.I come back b/c it's pretty close to me and they do have a good beer selection.Often times there are huge parties with a lot of kids so sometimes that can be a little overwhelming.I wouldn't go as often if it wasn't nearby.
5	Love the Ring of Fire burger and don't forget to get the tot cho's (Garvey and bacon tots) Yum!!!!!
1	Not much has changed.  This place still pretty much sucks.  The only things I like here are the sweet potato tots and the Diet Coke.  THE SERVICE IS TERRIBLE EVERY SINGLE TIME WITHOUT FAIL!!!! DO NOT EXPECT ANY ATTENTION TO BE PAID TO YOU. YOU WILL NOT FEEL THE SLIGHTEST BIT IMPORTANT.  YOUR ORDER WILL LIKELY BE WRONG!!!  My husband asked for a turkey burger with no garlic whatever sauce on it.  Of course, it came with it on it. They apologized.  Then instead of just making him a new burger, they told us they were just going to throw it back on the grill and that sauce would melt right back off.  ?????  They said it would take about 10 minutes.  WHAT?!?!?  Wouldn't you think the meat would be too tough after 10 extra minutes on the grill?To make things worse while we were waiting, some dude (likely the manager) came up to our table and asked if either of us drove a Ford truck.  "NO, I DRIVE A 7SERIES BMW.  DO I LOOK LIKE A DRIVE A FORD TRUCK?  WHY?"  He walked away without answering.  It was because a Ford truck was parked in their 15 minute only to go parking spot we figured out.  So I had already finished my chicken Caesar salad, no turkey burger for my husband yet. I'm still hungry because my salad was pathetically small for an entree salad and he's starving because he still has no food.  I look back behind me several times trying to spot the waitress to get her attention.  Finally I have to get up and walk to the frick'n hostess stand to order my 1/2 sweet tots 1/2 french fry because she's just standing there talking to the guy who had nothing better to to 10 minutes ago than walk around asking people if they owned Ford trucks. Anyway, the whole lunch experience took about 2 hours.  TOO LONG.  TOO ANNOYING. WILL NOT BE BACK.
5	Props to the Drunk Genius that invented the Totchos here. Brilliant. Service was up to par for a slightly busy lunch service. Our only two recommendations are:1) Add a little spice/flavor to the hummus plate.2) Open a location in Gilbert.
3	We have been here twice and the service has been inconsistent...but the food has been great.  The burger is custom made to your order and comes out hot.  The ambiance is nice, especially when the weather is cooler and you can eat outside.  Both times we went on a Sunday afternoon and it had a great vibe.  Hoping the service can be more consistent.
4	I've been here 4 times.  I've had Juicy Lucy twice, 1000 Islands, & Speedy Gonzalez.The service is really spotty, when its good its real good and when its bad, its among the worst.The really bad service makes for the loss of one star - that is how over the top good the kitchen/grill is.  I've had a million good burgers - these are the best.  Not just the great menu combinations but the perfect cook.  I plan on making my way through the entire burger list.If you go for just a beer and apps - try the "Totcho's"  Tater tots done up as nacho's - not bad at all.  Also, their onion rings are addictive.
2	I'm sad to report that Cold Beers & Cheeseburgers is the only thing that this restaurant serves. The food was acceptable, however perhaps they should consider adding "Service" and "Friendliness" and "Great Prices" to the name, making it a little more true and holding their staff accountable.There is a nice little outdoor seating area, however since you are in Arizona, if it is below 70 degrees, they'll put the heater on. So don't sit outside in those conditions if you are from any non-Arizona state or not from the planet Mercury. There are better places for cold beers and cheeseburgers, so make sure you give them a try before entering this below average establishment.
4	They provide exactly what they say, cold beer and cheeseburgers. The variety of cheeseburgers is refreshing and a nice chage from the same ol' same ol'. I had the o-lineman which is a cheese stuffed patty sandwiched between 2 grilled cheese sandwiches. Despite the threat of a sever colon backup, I went ahead and ate that beast and it was glorious. The burger itself aside, the grilled cheese was fantastic on its own. What prevents them from getting that 5th star is that the patty itself was a little tough and wasn't as flavorful as I would have expected a sit down cheeseburger place to have, but don't let that deter you. Good ambience, good food. Go for it. Last point: tots are insanely delicious here. Get them. Hey. You. Get the tots.
5	Been to many burger places and so far this one is BEST BANG FOR YOUR $$$. Thick burgers and wide variety of toppings. Service is quick. Check out my pics.
5	Nice beer selection, good cocktails, and good burgers. The build your own Mac and Cheese is a great idea and tastes great. Good local place to watch football as well. Our server Justin was really nice and attentive. The service was excellent. I've come a few times for late drinks and it's been a good time.
3	I'm a big burger fan, I tried nearly every burger in NYC when I lived there. Listen "foodies" let's understand that this is a chain, so if you're crying about your experience, spend more than $10 on a burger or be quiet. This burger is good, not great, and not horrible. I didn't come into this place expecting a Minetta Tavern burger and that's why I wasn't disappointed.
2	Came 2 days in a row. Thursday great service, today, rude rude rude.   Doesn't even matter about the food when you feel like you're bothering the staff.
2	Not impressed. I got the CB&CB burger, which sound promising, with thw sweet potato tots. Burger was cooked right but it was bland. My boyfriend got the standard char dog and, being from Chicago, he didnt find it to be very good either. They also char over a gas grill, not a charcoal like expected.This place is also a sport's bar, so it was very loud which makes sense. There were families eating here, so I assume it's kid friendly. The bathroom was a mess and smelled like sewage.I suppose there could be worse places, but I'll never be coming back here.
4	For me, what gets me excited to go to this place is their loaded tots. Highly recommended! It is a large portion, though. Four of us share each time, and it's a healthy portion for each. I also do their veggie burger, which is good, along with their fries.
2	Got a BYOB cheeseburger that was awesome. We sat at the outside bar and realized the place was swarming with flies. I mean they were everywhere!! Place was busy but hopelessly understaffed. All the staff were great but having only one bartender who also was running food just made no sense. Food was great but flies were disgusting.
2	Very slow service. Had to ask twice for water. Food was good but very slow.  Server disappeared.
1	Oh CB&C I hate to do this to you, but I'm afraid you earned it. And it's not about the food. I am a regular visitor to this place probably coming 2 to 3 times a month to have the buffalo chicken dip, which I highly enjoy with a side of ranch. Last night we popped in at 9pm after a movie. Closing time was 10. Sat at the bar to grab a bite, but we couldn't even get the bartender's attention for a menu. I mean all the way down to shouting "excuse me, excuse me". Here's the catch, the bar was not busy, there were perhaps 5 patrons there. The guy tending bar was far more concerned with closing out for the night and talking football with some other customers to even look our way. A waitress did finally get his attention for us, and we ordered beer and asked for menus. You know what? After several minutes still no beer and the bartender was back to closing out his register. At that point we decided to leave. There is no need to beg for service and too many places to grab a meal to be ignored. CB&C, I hope you read your yelp reviews and fix this soon. I like your location, I like your food, but if I can't even order it, you've got a problem.
3	The food was not too bad, when I actually had time to eat it between swatting flies away. They have a serious problem with them, both inside and out. I understand the bar is open to the outside, but they've got to do something to deter them. Oh, and the hostess you had on staff today was completely dense. I pretty much had to do her job for her. We had a total of four in our party. There was one table open with a booth on one side and chairs on the other. We were told we'd have to wait because one of the chairs was missing. After mentioning she could just grab one from another table that is not being used, she responded "oh yea, I could do that." DUH!
4	I love the 1000 island burger and my husband loves the open-pit burger! Mozzarella sticks are amazinggggg
3	Can someone please explain to me why fries and tots cost the same amount when you order them as sides, yet you have to pay an extra $2 to get tots instead of fries on the side of a meal...? I don't understand the logic. Onion dip is good, the grilled cheese was boring and dry. Lacked the creamy factor you usually find in a good grilled cheese. Only giving it three stars because I haven't tried any of the stuff you normally would get there like the burgers and mac and cheese.
2	Went to this place the first time, ordered my burger medium and got a well done burger. Boo! Thought I'd give it a second chance and went a second time. Ordered my burger medium rare and got it medium. My husband ordered his medium and got well done. My mother in law ordered the sliders and they were burnt. Look, if you're going to have a restaurant that specializes in burgers then know how to cook your burgers!! Really disappointing. Will never go again and will be sure to tell everyone I know not to go.
4	Great burgers and super original styles. Very chill neighborhood joint. Perfect for watching a game, hang with friends, or a quick bite with the family.  The service is also a big plus. Big smiles and on top of their game.
5	I came to north Scottsdale for thanksgiving weekend with my family and relatives. Just when I thought the hangover was setting in on Saturday after binge drinking in Old Town I came across this gem. "Cold beers and Cheeseburgers" is what I spot in the distance on my ride up Scottsdale road. Like seriously? Sign me the eff up! My cousin and I opted to order the "tot chos" aka nachos with tater tots.  When our food arrived we were greeted by a voice in the distance saying "who threw up on that!" Just to clarify.. F that guy.. They were dank as sh**. I instantly began to realize I was far from hungover but actually pretty drunk sitting at the bar watching college football and writing this review. Yes. I am at the facility right now. Our bartender picked all of our beers as we are not picky and she nailed it... Sorry I just took a little break from writing as the manager just greeted us with two free IPA's... Yes. Two free beers. At this point this is getting ridiculous. I might just sleep here tonight. Nonetheless, this place is epic and I highly suggest making your way for some cold beers and cheeseburgers. -Sincerely. Rory's favorite cousin Elliot...Ps. Do yourself a favor and sit at the bar :)
2	We have come here off/on for the past several months - mostly because it is semi close to us. The first experience was positive and we felt we had found a good option for our family. Things have rarely been good since that first time. We get our orders to go and it usually has issues. The biggest issue being that the food is burnt. Sweet potato tots - black around the edges. Hot dogs - ends are charcoal black. Wings - so burnt they taste like I'm licking a piece of charcoal. They also never provide the kids drink (which is included in the meal) and we have to ask for it which gets them pretty upset. Another issue is - the order is usually wrong. Order onion rings? Well, you get fries (there is a $2 up charge to get onion rings). Order no tomatoes? Well, surprise! One time we even got someone else's order mixed in with ours.  I think this place gets too busy for its own good. So why not 1 star? Because when the food is good - it's pretty good. We keep coming back hoping that we will hit the take out lottery and have everything work out. Why 2 stars? Because it rarely works out.
4	Steak house truffle burger was the BOMB! Recommend this place if going out straight from work or just a chill night with your boo. Awesome!
5	We love this place for a good casual hang out for dinner. Great burgers and beer choices - hence the name. Their remodel really did wonders to open it up and gives a great atmosphere. The patio allows dogs, which is a bonus. And there's lots of TVs. We love the ring of fire burger, and I add the sweet tots with ketchapeno (a mildly spicy ketchup they also sell by the bottle)!!  Enjoy!
5	Best burger place in Scottsdale.  Love the build your own burger and the tots! Great Mac n Cheese too!  If you're reviewing this place and haven't had a burger or a beer, then GTFO seriously.
2	Burgers look good ... Was not hot.. Ordered it med. well.. It was very pink .. Salad was great ... Service very very slow..... Drinks very iffy... Would not recommend ... Beer is great ... But I'm not a beer drinker ... They ran of a liquor ... And they add 18 percent gratuity to bill ! I tip according to service .. Got another drink after my group left... And they charged another 18 percent on a group of seven! Bs
2	Burgers look good ... Was not hot.. Ordered it med. well.. It was very pink .. Salad was great ... Service very very slow..... Drinks very iffy... Would not recommend ... Beer is great ... But I'm not a beer drinker ... They ran of a liquor ... And they add 18 percent gratuity to bill ! I tip according to service .. Got another drink after my group left... And they charged another 18 percent on a group of seven!
4	Great Food. Great Atmosphere. Enjoyable time. I had a build your own chicken sandwich on a GF bun and tots. It was great. Husband had an American Burger, no burger remained on his plate. Thursday's are kids eat free. So, our kids had Mac and Cheese and a grilled cheese. Also, enjoyed the amazing Brownie Sunday. All for $60 and we enjoyed a COLD BEER (or two) as well.
3	Food was decent...but slow. Wait staff does not seem at all happy to be there. They weren't necessarily rude, but did the absolute minimum. We'll try it again...hopefully it will be better
