5	Great service and amazing food
5	Great service, insane beer list, and awesome food. Try the Fritto Misto. It's the best I've ever had.  And the fetticini with the duck egg on top was amazing. Everything on the menu looks very interesting and I'll definitely be going back to try more of it.
5	This place is awesome!! It was easy to find and has its own parking lot which is a major plus for an old town restaurant. I love the overall decor. I went with a group of people and it was great. I think it would be equally as nice on a date or just with a friend. The chef was really welcoming and came out to our table to see how everything was. The beer and wine selection was extensive. I have never been much of a beer fan but I actually tried one I liked. It's called "OMG" or something like that. The beers seemed to be very high in alcohol content which my friends loved. The food was amazing!! We ordered some apps and each got our own meals. Everything I tasted was wonderful. I absolutely can't wait to go back again!
5	I normally never give any place a 5 star but this place deserves 10 stars!! It is a sweet hidden gem in the middle of Scottsdale. The service was outstanding, I never had an empty glass and everyone was so friendly. And the food... The food was outstanding. We started with the giao mozzarella so fresh and delicious but so simple. I was scared to have the rabbit gnocchi but I'm so glad I did. This is my new favorite Italian restaurant in the entire valley
5	Went here Saturday night on a first date.  We decided to eat at the bar and one of the owners was serving drinking and was very friends and helped me find just the right beer for my mood.  I tried the duck and carrot cake which were fantastic.  The menu is unique in the best way possible and their beer/wine/spirits list is perfect for my tastes.  I even made the point of creating a yelp so I could help this new family business out...just saying.
4	We spent most of Friday evening with a party of 14. Mario and his team have a great spot here. DeRuvo doesnt dissapoint! We had a variety of dishes, appetizers, dessert and everything in between - all in a non-assuming, down home feeling place. Just the craft beer list alone is worth your visit. You don't find many Scottsdale gems with such taste.. the menu also changes weekly... the sign of a fantastic restaurant. Get in here!
5	Great food! The Moist Roasted Ossobucco was the best I have ever tasted and the Pana Cotta was fantastic and with 20 craft beers on tap I'll defiantly be coming back in.
5	Pff, pleasantly surprised!  Went with a group not to especially sample the restaurant or anything - met the owner, met the chef, randomly ordered the polenta with mascarpone and truffled mushrooms as it caught my eye but then thought, hmm, will i really like it?  LOVED IT!!  (finishing the last of it this morning, actually).  Enjoyed my drinks in the relaxed, pleasant atmosphere with fresh air coming in and service always at hand.  Agree with everyone else -  its own parking lot, great service, great menu, great ambience.  Very cool.  Stayed hours later than i planned.  I want to go back and Eat!
5	My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed the dinner.   The pasta dishes were excellent.   The next thing to 'food of the gods'.   The dessert, apple cake, was exquisite.  The service was just as good as the food.  The best I've had in a long time.
5	Awesome. Food was great; had pizza, sea food, and a lot do cured meats and cheeses. Sat at the bar with great service and an amazing beer selection. These guys know their beer like a fine restaurant knows wine!  Not your typical Italian place - cool vibe and decor too.
5	service was perfect.  food was as good as it gets.  when you make a basic margherita pizza this good, you deserve 5 stars.  Beer list is amazing too.  You can not go wrong with this place at all.
5	New place very good service. Wide eclectic menu. Food was delicious. We will come back.Interesting collection of beers, nice wine selection.
5	Pretty wonderful 1st try.  Empty at lunch, but that means the chef took time to come out and chat.  Knows his way around the kitchen *and* Europe.  Between the true italian sense and flavors, and great beer list, it's a must return.  Bringing a group on Friday!
5	Best burger I think I've ever had in my life, it was called the royal burger and had this egg on top. Andy is a rockin server, Gabe was awesome, and let's be real here Pete could make dirty taste good. I would eat here everyday if I could. Bomb-DOT-Com! ^_^
2	This was our second trip here.  The first one was rather good...the second one...ugh...I am not going back.   We ordered the gnochi...which we were then told they were out of or maybe we had the menu from another night?  We heard other tables with the same issue... saying...mmm why didn't you tell me before.  And frankly...everyone was ordering that because the other items sounded mediocre.  We started with the Foi Gras...it was thinly sliced and over done and seriously a portion that would be perfect for the miniture museum...no thanks...Next, how about a Burrata Caprese with...a beautiful combo of mealy or unripe tomatoes...I wouldn't serve them in my own home...either run to the store...crazy chef...or take it off the menu.  The Burrata was slimey and sour and the pesto was liquified...gag me.The Chianti was good but after one glass...they had run out...The Mushroom Polenta was nice and enjoyable.  The Papradelle was terrible...we saw plates of it heading back to the dish washer quite full...I hope they get the hint.  It was a conglomeration of flavors all mashed together forming an unpleasant taste and texture...The Beet Salad was fine not bad...not good.  I can only comment that I value every moment of my life too much to have meals that are just so so like this.  The wait staff was awkward, clumsy and just not well trained...We got out without dessert  and didn't want to risk another moment or calorie at this restaurant...I can only think that the chef has surely gone crazy to think people will  return for this lack luster experience.
5	Try the pizzas and calzones. Owner is very personable and cares about the quality of his food. Great happy hour with reasonable drink prices. Its on goldwater between indian school and camelback. Attractive bar with view of camelback mountain. Do not forget to get their memorable gelato for dessert.
4	Made 7:30 reservations for a Friday night. Started at the totally-dead bar for a well-mixed cocktail. It definitely fit the new "artesan cocktail" trend and was similarly priced. Hubby had a jack and coke.We started with the head cheese appetizer. Although the waiter could describe the process of making head cheese, it was clear, once we received our dish, that he had never eaten it (it wasn't gelatenous at all). It was delicious, even though it took nearly 40 min to leave the kitchen in a half-full dining room. Our dining companions got the olive plate.For mains, hubby got a delicious pizza. Not big enough for sharing as a main course, it was definitely a personal-pizza size. The crust was fluffy and flavorful. I ate a seasonal pumpkin pasta dish, which was a bit too al dente for my taste but still delicious.For dessert we shared the applesauce cake, which was delicious.So, for pros:--Comfy chairs (and thank god for that, because the service was sloooooooow)--Good food--Takes reservations--Has their own parking--Love the rollup doors for a fresh breeze--Quality cocktailsCons:--Really ugly chairs and tables (think: Denny's ugly)--Small portions--Really slow service (in a half-empty restaurant).Still, we'd definitely recommend this place to others!
4	I must come back soon, because I so want to give Cuoco Pazzo 5 stars, but just can't on a first visit.  We were treated well, drank excellent wine at a low by the glass price, ate some outstanding bites to go with the wine.  Not just any bites, meatball sliders, handmade pasta, roasted beet salad.  Yup-going back soon.
4	My awesome Brother in Law suggested this place to me and I decided to try it on my birthday. The meal was delicious and the service was attentive. I was immediately seated facing the bustling kitchen. I ordered the Black Tagliolini which was homemade pasta colored with squid ink in a seafood tomato sauce. (Think Cioppino with pasta) It was superb. The homemade pasta had the perfect texture and the sauce had a kick without being overly spicy. The soft focaccia bread that was served along the dish made sopping up the sauce much easier. For dessert I wanted to try the apple cake that everyone seemed to rave about. But it was not on the menu. (It was on the menu online though.) I ended up ordering the pecan crepes which were delicious and passed on the fois gras dessert. (Really? Duck liver for dessert?!) Overall, the dining experience was pleasant and I will definitely go back to try the other handmade pasta dishes.
4	I had purchased a Groupon for this ($20 for $40 certificate).  It was definitely worth it as it includes alcohol.  I took my boyfriend here for his birthday since he likes wine (and so do I!).  The wine selection was great.  The waiter seemed to know quite a bit about the wines.  He recommended the Cannonball Cabernet, which was very smooth & is definitely a favorite now.  My boyfriend wanted to try a full-bodied red, and the waiter recommended the only full-bodied red from Italy, the Tommasi Valpolicella.  However, they ran out.  Guess that's a popular one!On to the food, I ordered the Free Range Chicken.  It was delicious!  The skin had a slight crunch to it that you could hear when cutting into it.  My boyfriend got the Gnocchi w/ eggplant dish because it was spicy & he wanted cheesy pasta.  Well, he didn't know that gnocchi was just little balls of dough...  He didn't eat the gnocchi, but finished the rest of it.  It had a little kick to it.  And the cheesiness was just right!We also checked in on Yelp! and got a free shot of limoncello.  They had different flavors like pineapple, papaya, juniper berry.  The pineapple was delicious!  It doesn't have a weird aftertaste like the regular limoncello, but it was just as strong!Overall, I really enjoyed the atmosphere & food here.  I will come back here for happy hour some time!
3	Great potential. The place looks great and the menu has some d-lish items but... We came in on a Tuesday and sat at the bar. The bartender was nice and friendly. We tried their pizza which was really good. Then we ordered the roasted beets salad and the fried mixed seafood. The salad was nice, the seafood was not. It was soggy and oily. The bartender have noticed we didn't like it, apologized and said he will take it off the bill. He didn't. We really weren't expecting him to, but once you say it, you need to.For dessert we chose the pecan crepe but one of the chefs sitting next to us told us she just had the last piece. Hmmm... If you work there, you don't get to it the last piece. Simple as that. At the bar later that night we were sitting with half of the staff. Now, usually I like that, sitting with the people behind the scene. but it was too much there, it seemed not professional. Overall this place has great potential. They need better quality control in the back and a stronger management in the front. I will give it another chance soon !
3	I went here for lunch today as I had a groupon and had been wanting to try this restaurant for awhile. People aren't lying when they say the place runs slow...we were there for at least an hour at lunch time with only 2-3 tables occupied. The BF and I started with the mozz and tomato salad and it was really good... the ratio of  the amount of cheese/tomato/bread was a little off, but the flavor was good. For entrees I had the meatball calzone and the BF got the burger without onions. Well, the calzone was a typical calzone, nothing great, nothing bad. The burger is like an italian version of a burger...the meat is thick and almost tastes more like a meatball. They forgot to put bacon on it even though it is included as written on the menu. The fries were boring and tasted like they came from the grocery store. We got dessert (had 40$ to spend!). We ordered the chocolate torte and it was alright. The torte itself did not taste like it was fresh or made in house... the chocolate sauce and coffee flavored whipped cream was good. The thing that really irked us (other than the food just being alright) was that the waiter was super involved with a table that came in after us....he was at this table almost the whole time, really going all out for them, but did not try very hard with us (probably because we were not ordering as expensive meals). Additionally, the owner (?) went around to the other tables, as did the chef, but no one came over to our table. Maybe because we are young or don't look like the typical scottsdale clientele, or maybe they just simply forgot, I don't know, but we felt like that was not so nice. Was it bad? No, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't good enough for me to want to spend my time or money going back here again.
5	The bf took me here for our anniversary and it was perfect. Great Italian food with an atmosphere where you feel like you are part of the family. The staff was friendly and it immediately reminded me of Osteria La Buca, one of my favorite places in LA when I lived there. We split the Ceaser salad which was tasty but they could go a little easier on the dressing. Then I got the Black Tagliolini which I HIGHLY recommend. It's a seafood and pasta dish in one and it's delicious. My bf got the Fettucini. Then we ended our night with gelato and cheesecake. Tasty!I thought this was a hidden gem and now looking online I've found it opened up only a couple of months ago and the chef is from Prado at the Montelucia. My man did great! This is exactly where I would want to eat on our anniversary. Can't wait to take my friends and visitors here and try other dishes!Oh, and you wouldn't think so because it's not really typical of Italian places, as most are focused only on wine, but their beer menu is one of the best I've seen! Bonus!
5	This location has turned over restaurants SOOO many times.  I am excited to say that this one should stay and that is why I am writing this review!  I went there last night (Thursday) with my girlfriend.I would like to first comment on the complaints about service time.  If you want to be in and out under an hour then don't come to a restaurant where the chef/owner prepares each dish with exquisite detail.  Example: Cheeseboard - Highly recommend this for a first course.  The combination of cheese and the way he compliments them was unbelievable.Our server was very knowledgeable of the menu (both food and drink) and you could tell he was very passionate about the industry. He suggested an amazing bottle of white that only cost $30 and he was able to answer each question I threw at him.  Example: They had an Oyster special and he knew where they were harvested.Finally they make all pasta's and sausage's in house.  I am not much of a pasta connoisseur so I can't tell you if it was properly made (tasted great in my opinion) but I can tell you their sausage was excellent.  Perfect amount of kick!I too had a Groupon for this place, but I can honestly tell you that I will be going back discount or not!  Please keep this place on the Scottsdale Map!
4	We visited Cuoco Pazzo last Friday evening with a few friends, and were blown away.  What a hidden gem (hopefully not for long) in Old Town!We arrived around 7 PM for dinner, and the restaurant was surprisingly not crowded, except for the bar.  It was a comfortable atmosphere--really open with a dark, homey feel.  In other words, it didn't feel stuffy, or overly conceptualized.Our first course was the East Coast Mussels.  The mussels were big and plump and the sauce was to die for!  It was the perfect white wine butter sauce.  We asked for more bread so we could lap up every bit.For our main meals, we tried an array of entrees.  I went with one of the specials--cavatelli pasta (almost like a gnocci, but lighter and with grooves) with a pork ragu sauce, finished with fresh ricotta and pistachios. I was trying to stay away from a heavy pasta dish, and felt this definitely fit the bill.  The ricotta felt like the only decadent aspect, and there was a perfect serving of it.  My husband decided on the Carne Pizzetta.  It was approximately twelve inches, and was light and fluffy, with a lot of flavor. Our friends ordered vastly different than we did, which was great because we got to try everything.  They, too, ordered specials of the evening, as well as an item of the regular menu.  From the specials menu, our friend, Kevin, ordered the duck ravioli, with crispy duck skin (YUM!), and the foie gras tartine with cherries and chocolate.  Both were flavor explosions in your mouth!  Our other friend, Krystle, on the other hand, went for the Ribeye Bistecca.  It was cooked to a perfect medium rare and was a hearty portion (I believe 14 oz.).Since we were in a rush to make a show, and bursting out of our jeans, we decided to skip dessert, but would have loved to have stayed for it.  One thing we didn't get to try, but looked out of this world was the charcuterie and cheese plate.  Apparently, it changes regularly and top quality cured meats and cheeses are selected by Chef Peter DeRuvo.  Speaking of Chef DeRuvo, he stopped by our table to ask how our meal was--really nice!Overall, I think Cuoco Pazzo is a great new addition to the Scottsdale dining scene.  Portions were large, prices were reasonable, and there was not one bad thing I had to say about the meal.  However, I will warn that this is not a restaurant for people who want to get in and out in an hour.  They want you to stay and savor, which you should at a restaurant like this.  We will DEFINITELY be back!
4	We went late on a Thursday night, and the place was basically empty except for the bar. As a result, the service was great, because we got the undivided attention of our server Gabe. He wasn't hovering or being annoying though. No complaints on service, atmosphere, or comfort. Everything came at the pace I like (quicker than most), including the drinks, food, check, etc. I ordered the Black Taglioni, and my gf ordered the Tajarin pasta -- at least I think thats how they were spelled. We also ordered a cheese plate for an appetizer. I'll start with the Excellent first. My Black Taglioni was a 5 star meal. No question about it. The pasta was cooked perfectly, the sauce was absolutely delicious, the bread crumbs weren't just gimmicky, they really added some depth to the dish... And the shellfish was cooked PERFECTLY. It was $20, which for an ordinary pasta/seafood dish would have been too much in my book, but this had the flavor I would expect to find in a high end place, so the $20 price tag seemed just fine (maybe a bargain?). My girlfriends Tajarin was also very good, but compared to the Taglioni tasted a little bland to me. However, they are two very different dishes, so it may not be fair to put the bold taglioni up against the more mild Tajarin. She however prefered her dish, since she's not really a red sauce fan. She did pick out all of the (cabbage like) riddichio (sp??)... And commented that she felt like the raddichio was a challenge ingredient on the TV show "chopped", where they were required to put the oddball ingredient in the dish for some reason. It just didn't fit. Overall though, she loved it.  The cheese plate was REALLY good, especially the Drunken Goat. It was however a little too small for the price. We paid around about a dollar per 1" square of cheese. It also would have been nice to get some fresh bread and butter or oil/vinegar when we sat down. I asked if they had any, and to his credit, the waiter tried. He brought us some pre buttered bread, but it wasn't very good. Can't fault them for it though, since its not something they would normally offer. Overall, my "critiques" are pretty minor. The Black Taglioni alone was easily worth a 5 star rating, but the very small other critiques make the whole experience a solid 4 star rating. Still really good, and I would happily go back again. P.S. Parking was easy too. I refuse to "look" for parking. P.P.S. I "checked" in on yelp while I was there, and it brought up a notification saying I could get a free lemoncello as a result of checking in! Our waiter brought us one for each of us, which was nice. I wasn't a huge fan, but my GF loved it, and drank mine. I'm not much of a hard alcohol fan though.
3	This place has grasped the concept of the slow food dining experience but not in a good way. The place was virtually empty and it still took forever to get our food. I can't even begin to imagine what this place would be like on a busy night. If it wasn't for the groupon I think we would have felt totally ripped off. For old town Scottsdale the prices are what you would expect, overpriced for what you get, The food was nonetheless tasty when it did arrive.  A nice selection of beers added one star to my review.
5	fantastic place, Mario and Peter (owners) are awesomeFinally adding this review to my yelpI went there last night (this isnt really last night it is few months ago - it is still excellent not too) and it was excellent - The beer list they have is fantastic and Mario who is a part owner was behind the bar and it was good talking to himArrived just at the end of happy hour, they have $1 off draft beers for happy hour and half priced glasses of wine and there was a certain amount off well drinks but i don't recall what that isThey are going to be working on their mixed drink menu, they wont have that ready to go for another week or twoStarted out with Schneider Aventinus, Doppel Weizen Bock,Germany 8.2% which could be my new favorite beer, it is a unfiltered wheat bock, amazingOne of the nice touches is that they have the proper beer glass to go with each beer they have on tap in the appropriate sizes and the largest karmeliet glass i have ever seen, and they have a lot of imports on the list so they are doing great in the strong ale category - which is my favorite type of beerAs i was looking at the menu I asked if they had foie gras because i saw a picture on their facebook page, and Mario told me they always have that as an off the item menu and it could be prepared however I would like it - which sounded great to meFoie Gras torchon with toast points, honey comb, apples, cherries - also had a lemon tuille and some micro greens as wellThe honeycomb was a very nice touch because it got the sweetness however the bonus was the nice texture it added to the overall My friend ordered Heirloom Tomatoes and Gioia Burrata and i got a taste of that, it was a great salad, and had small bread sticks and fresh pesto on it as well, very light and refreshing - just the thing after foie gras :)for my main i ordered the crispy half duck, it was confit duck style, the skin was very crispy and it was a huge portion - the duck was very good the crispy duck skin fat had lots of flavor with it - and i was happy to have confit again since i still dream of the chez dumonet duck i had in Paris this summer - my only change i would have made was the side items it was served with, i would have liked dauphine potatoes - with that said it was the best duck i have had in AZ, and i was happy it was not just seared duck breast My friends ordered the spinach Gnochi, Black Tagliolini, Mediterranean Sea BassI tried the Sea Bass, which was was very good, with the skin on crispy and crab on top the pasta dishes all looked amazing, although i didnt get to try them, i will certainly be trying them on my next visitrubee while i was there quite a few people ordered the crispy ribs - they looked great and everyone said they were deliciousSeems like there will be specials each day as well based on what looks good in the market, everything coming out of the kitchen looked great - finally a place with an awesome beer list and delicious food - looking forward to seeing what they do with their cocktail list will certainly be back and it is nice they have parking
4	Had a wonderful meal last night.  The great experience started at the bar.  The owner's younger brother, is behind the bar and is very personable.  Cuoco Pazzo has an awesome beer selection,  I had a dificult time deciding among the first class selelctions.  After drinks at the bar, Karen took great care of us in the dining room.  The antipasta plate is not to be missed.  The portion is generous and there wasn't a dud on the plate.  Tried several pastas, all were cooked perfectly and you can definitely tell the kitchen knows how to make great pasta.  Service was gracious and attentive.  I would most certainly return!  My only concern is that every restaurant that has occupied that space has failed, I wish CP the best of luck!
4	My wife and I had dinner here with some friends last night.  Food was excellent and service was also excellent.  One thing to its is that good food takes time.  We were there for 2 hours and had two courses. Wine list was affordable (no bottle over $40).  I will definitely have more meals at this restaurant.
4	Great find in old town! In a desperate attempt to find decent craft beer in Scottsdale, I came across this place. Not only did they have a good beer selection, but the bar keep, Zack(I think that was his name, I had several pints) is a beer sommelier, one of about 3 I've ever encountered here in the Valley. Bar was very comfortable, proper glass ware was used to serve the beer, and @ $5-6 for good IPA a great value for such an atmosphere. I did not eat here, but can't wait to go back for dinner! I could have gone a full 5 stars if they carried any of my favorite IPA's, Odell's, Coronado, Racer 5 or Ranger IPA, but I would guess a place like this will be rotating taps often, can't wait to return!
5	Very nice family owned and operated Italian restaurant.  Very cute and cozy interior.  Handmade pastas and interesting ingredients.  My first visit I had the black squid ink seafood pasta.  The second visit my orecchietti pasta with fennel sausage was excellent as well.
5	Great new restaurant in old town.  A  lot of craft beers on tap.  The food is a bit pricey, but i guess it's old town  - so to be expected. However the happy hour pricing is really good.  worth the trip to old town for us!
4	It started off kinda bad. I arrived on time for my solo dining experience (that I also made a reservation for) and was seated immediate by James ( who also ended up being my server later). Well after I was seated, I waited, and waited, and waited until after 10 mins, I decided to get up and leave, but Mario intercepted me before I walked out as he had noticed that I had been seated but no one had been helping me. He apologized as he was the one that usually seats all the customers and he promised that if I would have stayed, it would be well worth it. It actually took some coaxing as I was so excited about my dining experience and the 10 min gap left a bad taste in my mouth. So after thinking about it for a few mins, I decided to stay since I had driven across town for dinner.So back to my table I go and James also comes over to apologize for the mix up. It's ok, I say, I am just hoping the food is worth it and James assures me it is. So I start off with a glass of velvet devil merlot and a three meat meatball appetizer that consisted of pork, veal, and beef with ricotta over cream polenta. Dear lord that was yummy. I swear had I been at home I would have probably licked the plate.  My main course was the Black Tagalini made with white wine sauce instead of red sauce ( am not a huge fan of red sauce and they changed it up for me! YAY). It was black homemade fettuccine with shrimp, clams, mussels in a white wine broth. It even had a nice little kick to it. Had I has some bread, I would have soaked up the remaining broth with it and ate it as it was that tasty. I wanted dessert but as delicious as all the desserts sounded, I just wanted some good ole fashion baskin robbins ice cream.I am very happy that Mario convinced me to stay and I am very thankful to James for taking good care of his solo diner on a busy Saturday night. I will definitely be back, just not on Saturday evening and maybe not alone lol.
3	This place has a nice selection of draft beers. The pizza crust is very good and the homemade pasta's are quite tasty.
5	Being from Chicago, I was searching for a unique, non chain restaurant to celebrate my birthday with 10 of my friends and family and went to yelp for suggestions.  I read all the reviews for Cuoco Pazzo and felt this was a perfect choice.  First, I was able to secure a reservation for my group seated at the chefs table which was the perfect accommodation for us.  It was the perfect intimate setting; a large harvest table set under two beautiful chandeliers set in it's own area.  Mario, one of the owners took care of us from the minute we walked in the door until we left, three hours later.  He was very informative, gave great suggestions, never made us feel rushed and overall made us feel right at home.  His wine selection was a huge hit by everyone at the table, even those who are not big wine fans.  For appetizers we have four different pizzas, the crispy Frito misto and the antipasto board. All were great and everyone at our table raved about the apps.  My personal favorites were the crispy Frito misto and the special pizza which had Brussels sprouts, bacon and gorgonzola.  We all went straight to dinner, as the appetizers were filling.  The homemade pasta selection was excellent and very unique.  I had the black Tagliolini which was wonderful and my husband had the pork shank which was simply amazing.  Other standouts at the table were the sea bass with risotto and fettuccini.  All in all, everyone truly enjoyed their meals.  Mario even made a special dish for one of our diners that had some specific food requests.  She was very happy how he took the time to listen to her request and final dish that was presented to her.  We finished our dining experience with a spiced brownie sandwich with pistachio gelato.  Again, wonderful!It was a great birthday celebration and a restaurant we will be telling our friends who live here as well as those who visit.  I'm very happy we made the decision to celebrate my birthday at Cuoco Pazzo.
2	our waiter was erik, and he needs some definite help, speaks so fast you cant understand him or the menu. The cesar salad is ok needs help. The appetizer misto fritto could you put more sauce on the plate, dont be so chincy.
5	Outstanding.  Based on Yelp we gave it a try and it exceeded expectations. I has a pizza and my wife had fettucini.  We both agreed it was best we ever had tried.  Pizza also excellent.  Ambiance perfect and service by Karen was super!
4	If you want to take impress someone, I would suggest Cuoco Pazzo.  The ambiance is very bright and glowing with a red-brick type of aura and surrounding.  The place is very well lit and bright, and it gives an extra "umph" to the restaurant.  The service from beginning to end was amazing.  Our server gave incredible suggestions, and he was constantly checking to see how we were doing, even though we were deep in conversations.  I appreciate that because its easy to lose track of what you may want or not want.I wish I took a picture of the menu or special items, because I can't remember the exact name of the dish.  I would highly suggest ordering from the special menu, which is on a blackboard near the side of the restaurant.  We had a $40 Groupon and ordered 3 nice dishes.  Great experience overall!
5	Food was really good. Waitstaff were all really friendly and helpful in selecting drinks and entree. Would for sure go back.
5	This was a real random visit.  My friends walked by and saw this place and said they would return.  Knowing me very well, they told me about this "new" place they stumbled upon.  A gem it was! Exotic ingredients they had, but since we're in AZ, which has the tendency not to have an open palate; they had no choice, but to give up the beef heart and tendon dish.  Booooo!  Hopefully, it comes back someday since their menus change up daily.  We ordered some drinks, but they didn't have any Kronenbourg beer!  Not to worry, our great serve gave me another option - Kudos! If you don't have it give me options!  He offered me a Forst from Italy I guess and I totally appreciated it!  That's service my friend and to be on the ball our drinks and food came all at the right timing.  We ordered the Grande Antipasto and boy was it grand!  Took a picture, which is rare.  I never take pictures of my dishes, but this was a worth a shot and worth the purchase.  I'm not too familiar with the cheeses, but it was good!  We also ordered a Carne Pizza -- meaty indeed it was and the dough was soft and yummy!  Overall, food and service was A+ in my book.  I think the only thing I would switch up is the furniture.  The chairs were not comfortable.  However, the ambience was real relaxing and chill.  Some class and a tad bit of home feeling. - Enjoy!
4	Like the other reviewers have said the service is really not that great.  Luckily they're saved the  really good food that they have.  We ordered so much food that our little two top table  couldn't possibly handle it all.  The mussels  might have been the best I've ever had. We also shared a Frito misto, which is really good except they're pretty chintzy with the shrimp they only gave us too.  The pastas were clearly handmade which appreciate and they're quite good. The owner came over to check on us a couple times which I appreciated.  I'm definitely coming back soon.
4	This family-run establishment has consistently served good  food:  handmade pastas, branzino, and other seafood specialties including true grilled baby octopus and fristo misto.Great and unique beers including a diverse selection of arizona state, american, and european.  Try the canadian chambly - so smooth!This place hasn't missed a beat since the old chef left - it's running on all cylinders.  One of my fail-safe go-to places that I highly recommend.
4	The food is pretty good.  They give out bread and herb infused olive oil that is delicious.  Seems like they add extra salt to the oil to bring out the flavors more because its not as bland as it usually is.  The proportions are weird because you probably get about a quarter cup of oil and a hunk of bread that's as big as a large man's fist.  I dunno, felt a little bad wasting all that oil..The clam and fennel sausage appetizer was very good.  The sausage adds a brawny taste to the clams and broth.  Again, I wished we had some extra bread to sop up some of the broth with.  Approx. 2 cups wasted there..I got the carne pizza - its good and I enjoyed it, but not sure if its the sweet sauce but when you first bite into it, it tastes like a familiar cheap pizza (think Lil Caesars, Peter Piper, I couldn't really put my finger on it), but the flavor becomes fuller and more "quality" later on.  Its a bit hard to explain..  The meats on the pizza was fantastic and I do believe the cheese is good.  The crust is fluffy and chewy, however, can use a bit more flavor.We also got the farfelle that was a special - had artichoke hearts, olives, sausage, and mushroom in a dark brown sauce.  The pasta was al dente, and home made.  Overall it was good, however it is an odd mix of strong and sometimes overpowering flavors.  I do believe I can get into it though.All in all, this is probably my favorite Italian place in Old Town.  The prices are a bit hefty, but I'm pleased with the portion sizes.  We will definitely go back, but mostly reserve for special occasions.
1	This is my saddest one star rated review ever only because the food could have actually been very good since everything was nicely flavored but what I received I find UNFORGIVABLE.We started with a cheese plate and the first thing I noticed was the cheese all appeared to be cut far in advance from our ordering. The Tallegio cheese was also unlike any Tallegio cheese I've ever tried with a much milder taste and firm texture, disappointing but the real problem was THIS CHEESE WAS NOT CUT FRESH TO ORDER.I went with the seafood special and it was so dry it was as if it was a left over that was over cooked again and it was a filet of fish that was cut in half resulting in an approximate three oz. portion for $29. I do note the sauce my fish was in was very good and the vegetables of carrots and matchstick asparagus were good BUT MY POTATOES were shriveled up and over cooked and when you cut them BROWN rings were threw them like old reheated over cooked potatoes. THREE OZ. OF DRY OVER COOKED (possibly multiple times) FISH with OLD SHRIVELED BROWN potatoes. I've reheated fish at home and it is never as good as fresh made but NEVER WAS IT CLOSE TO THIS DRY and I note the potatoes are not acceptable either.My husband's pork shank was WORSE and was an unhealthy ICE COLD in the middle. The heirloom bean ragout seemed like canned garbanzo beans with some lentils and DIDN'T SEEM like a Heirloom bean ragout. I do note the sauce the beans were in was well made.Our waiter did check on us and I told him about the dry fish and my husband told him about the Ice cold center of the shank. Our waiter did offer to reheat the pork shank but my husband he declined as he felt it would have taken so long it would have ruined the meal even more so.When we received the bill, $12 was removed from the cost of my husband's pork shank. I was surprised no-one from management said a word to us. Our waiter also forgot to give us a bread basket but that wasn't a big deal but have to add that because I am upset over the food they felt is OK to serve.I don't know if they are like this all the time or not but for sure I'd NEVER go back.
5	We were in Scottsdale for 5 days for spring break vacation and found this place on yelp and were not disappointed.  Our family of 5 loved the food!  The bread they bring to the table at the start of the meal is just wonderful.  We had salads to start that were perfect.  Two of us tried the pizza, one had steak, one had lamb and one had black pasta with seafood.  We all really enjoyed our meals.  My husband and I spent 5 months in Italy before having kids and we felt like we were back.  Our waiter also recommended a really nice wine, they have a great selection.  We were lucky to find this place.
4	Want to be clear - this review was for Cuoco Pazzo, NOT the tavern that replaced it... (they automatically changed the name, but didn't start a new review page)...I really miss Cuoco Pazzo and wish they wouldn't have closed...review below:Been here three times now, and if this review were based strictly on the first two visits it would receive a full five stars.  The food was outstanding - we made sure to compliment the chef - the service was prompt and friendly, a great drink menu, and really nice ambiance.  I highly recommended this place to out-of-towners, or just to people who had never been there.  However, on my most recent (and third) visit, we noticed that this place had started to slip a bit.  It was very empty on a Saturday night - which probably isn't a good sign.  Despite how empty it was, the service was very slow and it took surprisingly long for simple items like a bowl of soup to arrive.  They'd done away with their cocktail list on their drink menu too.  The food, when it came, was still just as good, but it seems like they'd cut back  - and it showed.  Really rooting for this place since their food is so good and I had two really good experiences there.
4	We really enjoyed our experience.  We were looking for a place to eat before a movie, we did a quick Yelp search, and chose Cuoco Pazzo.  We were in time for happy hour.  We ordered a pizzette and the beet salad, both were very good.  James was our server and did a great job. The pizzette was made with pesto and some excellent tomatoes, very delicious.  The beet salad had a nice presentation and was very good.
3	We had a groupon here, so we gave it a shot. The food was good and the ingredients were of good quality, but the flavor was just so-so. At full prices it wasn't such a great value for the money, the portions were somewhat small and the salad was boring.
1	Nothing good to be said. We were the only diners in there and the employees were busier than us because the were on their computer on the opposite side of the bar. I feel like we would have had more than an Antipasto platter (overly dry cheese, pre-cut I'm sure, and less than impressive cured meats) if there was any sort of service.
4	I was worried at first because there was no host to greet me, but the food and service quickly changed that. Devon was polite, and held a great conversation. It was a slower dinner, but the environment still felt great. I started with the bruschetta special which tasted fantastic. The sauce and food itself was fresh, which I am very picky about. I had the rabbit entree' which surprised me. The rabbit was tender, and the pasta is made in house and I could tell. The portion was plentiful and I felt like I got my money's worth. It's definitely a place you can bring a date or guests to and enjoy good food in a nice environment. I would have given 5 stars but the music confused me, (Italian restaurant playing Hawaiian music at dinner time???) and I found a bone in my rabbit which I was told is common when eating rabbit. Side note, for the first time eating rabbit, it was extremely delicious. Kudos to the chef. Overall, this place was good. It's a little pricier than surrounding restaurants, (expect to spend between $60-100 for two people) but worth it. Enjoy.
4	Off the beaten path, but worth the visit!  Nice, relaxing space with great, attentive service.  The food was quite tasty and very reasonably priced.  The grilled chicken with asparagus, proscuitto and taleggio cheese with a side of rigatoni was delicious!  Start with the arancini too...yum!
5	Ever since the Pasta Bar closed down i have been on the search for a local Italian joint with a very welcoming menu... and Cuoco Pazzo delivered!The menu is unpretentious.  The service is very friendly.  The owner comes out to check on his guest and strikes a conversation. What keeps me REALLY coming back is that the food has great flavor and doesn't even try.  I've been to restaurants where you taste the food and its like they are trying very hard to make it taste amazing.   At Cuoco Pazzo it comes together very nicely.Definitely a must go.
4	Consistently great food, friendly service, and an all-around hidden gem!
1	My wife and I went here for happy hour on a Thursday evening and were disappointed with the customer service we received. Let me start with them advertising 1/2 off draught beer and wine by the glass. It began when I ordered a Dogfish 90 Minute IPA which there was clearly a problem with as both the server and bartender were pouring tasters to taste it. Regardless, they served me the beer with zero mention of a problem. After trying the beer I called the server over and reported that it was extremely flat. To which he replied " I was affraid of that. The keg is out of CO2." Okay then, thanks for serving me a flat beer that you tasted and knew was bad!Alright then, well Ill have the Odell Double black IPA off the menu. "No sir we are out of that beer." Okay, then Ill take the Odell Double Pils. The server disappears and comes back to ask if I want the 12 oz or 17 oz. I reply "well since it is happy hour ill take the one that is on happy hour." To which the server replies "that beer is not on the happy hour menu." Perfect so the Dogfish is bad, the double black IPA is gone and the double pils is not on happy hour. "Il have the the 4Peaks Pumpkin Porter sir." Luckily my beer arrives! Now ordering appetizers. They are completely out of wings so no parmesan or the other flavor they had. Bummer. Luckily the ribs they had were great! A great cherry cola sauce. Also, the red pepper slider burger with grilled onions was delicious. No complaints with the taste of the food. Just surprised they are completely out of wing which made up 2 of the 8 items on their happy hour menu. Then, when the check came we were charged full price on the beer to which the server came back and said "that pumpkin porter you ordered was NOT on the happy hour price." Really! I asked 2 times for beers that were on the happy hour price and when you greeted us you mentioned that we were seated in time for happy hour. Also, you guys were out of my first 2 beer selections and had to decline me on another that again wasnt on the happy hour price. Plus the wings we wanted you guys also didn't have. Then we were inadvertently charged non-happy our prices on the ribs that needed to be corrected.Lastly, as my wife and I were discussing the rather unique (awful) service we received the owner overheard us walking out and asked "Did we have a problem with something??" Really? You are gonna charge after us and ask if there was a problem when we are halfway to our car? After explaining the whole beer fiasco and the confusion they create with "happy hour prices" on select draughts the owner didn't apologize once for anything (lack of advertised druaghts, lack of wings, incorrect charges) and basically sent us on our way. Im still not sure what beers are on Happy Hour prices because the server won't let you know and there is zero clarity in the actual bar. Super disappointing experience.
3	This place is called T Roosevelts now. We were there on a Sunday afternoon and were the only people in there. Not a good sign. We got a coupon for a free appetizer and got the spinich dip. It was typical. We had a corned beef slider...good but a tad salty. Then we shared the prime rib dip. It was so good with gardinera on it! Hand cut fries were good, too. We decided on banana crepes for dessert. Yuck!! The "bananas" were actually plantains with no flavor. The crepes were super thick, almost pancake-like. They ran out of tomato juice, no bloody mary,  so my friend and I decided on sangria. The 1st one was good but 2nd was tooooo sweet. The server was fine, although he never told us his name. Also, the kitchen was open so you could see the cook on his phone the whole time he made our lunch. Very unprofessional in my opinion.
5	I used to go to this restaurant before the owner changed the name. Same owner, same great food, same awesome atmosphere.We had just gotten back from a trip to Italy and were constantly disappointed with all the Italian restaurants in Scottsdale. Nothing came close to Rome or Sicily until we found T. Roosevelt's Don't let the new name fool you. This place is "upscale casual with a forever family vibe""Welcoming" would be a good way to put it!The pizza is UNGODLY AMAZING! The crust they use is the best crust I ever had on a pizzaThe antipasti plate is huge, and has more meats and cheese than anyone could ever want.The steaks, fish, and pasta are to die for.I have never had anything I did not LOVE.Don't let the name fool you. T. Roosevelt's has the best Italian food in Scottsdale.and holy crap!! the deserts!?!? RidiculousPros:Attentive staffAmazing appetizers Great barFun ownerIncredible pastaSexy ambiance Con'sThey don't do breakfast.I cannot recommend this place enough!
1	Disappointed. I came here on a Saturday night for dinner. There was a live band that took nearly our entire meal to set up. They were testing their equipment and the sound the entire time we were there. While they were setting up, the restaurant was trying to hide how loud the band was by blaring loud music overhead. I do like loud music, just not blaring like we're at Axis/Radius while I'm eating. The service was ok. The drinks took longer than our appetizers. They didn't even have enough shrimp to fill our one order of coconut shrimp. I had to get up and get my own salt and pepper from the bar after not seeing my server for nearly 15 mins after our entrees arrived. The food was AWFUL! I ordered the salmon and my boyfriend some handmade pasta Alfredo dish. Mine was just salmon and couscous. Nothing special and bland. The dish wasn't seasoned. My boyfriend had the same problem with his food, bland. Right after we left I felt sick after eating the little bit of food I did consume. To top off our "super great" experience we were overcharged for our wine on the bill. At this point we were far too annoyed to say anything and just paid the overage and left. I think its safe to say we wont be coming  back. Such a shame too, considering we've been looking for a great new place. Stay clear of this overpriced gross food. You would be much happier with basically any other restaurant in Old Town.
4	Stopped by this place when I saw the name change, just came in for some happy hour drinks. I was completely surprised, they have about 20 craft and imported beers on tap and the happy hour is from 11-6 everyday they are open. Half off most draft beer and apps. I only gave them 4 stars cause the floors hadn't been swept (been there a couple of times and same thing) and we only tried an app for food. Had the corned beef hash with fries and it is a great dish that goes with any beer. Bartenders are great, but I have only been there in mid afternoon when it is not busy.
2	I wasn't impressed with the food or the service for that matter. I ordered the Angus Beef Burger med/well. It comes with Applewood bacon, arugula, caramelized onions and a whiskey BBQ sauce. YUM. When I got it, it looked very impressive but when I cut it in half, I found that it was very, very raw in the middle. I'm not usually one to take back food at all but I could not eat this and I was also planning on sharing this with my 15 month old.  The waiter took it and it was back to me within 5 mins. One look at it and I was 80% sure that they just nuked it in the microwave. One taste and I was 110% sure...and somehow I lost my arugula in the bun swap.  Definitely not worth the $12. Somethings wrong when a tavern can't get a burger right. However they do have a decent beer selection I suppose.
2	I was hopeful this place would be cool since it is down the street from my studio but it is definitely lacking.There were only a handful of people in the whole place and the service took twice as long as it normally does in a place that is busy.The food was so-so....Not impressed....
1	The worst restaurant in Scottsdale.  Terrible food, service and management . In this town of great places  to eat and drink this is one to avoid.  Empty and yet out of everything including pizza!! How is that possible?
2	We used a Groupon for this place last night and hate to say we were a bit disappointed. The place was completely empty at 7pm in Old Town (big red flag considering even the  Olive Garden averages an hour wait every night of the week this time of year). But we kept an open mind thinking this could be a "hidden gem"Our waitress/host/bartender was very nice and a little apologetic on the groupon restrictions---lots of restrictions--but we ordered our two appetizers, four beers, two entrees, and desserts from the list.Beer selection was good, and I was so pleased to have the last pumpkin porter in Arizona (another red flag that they still had some post season). We ordered calamari and arancini as appetizers. Was disappointed that their was an "off" flavor to the rice balls and the calamari were rubbery rings of grease. The grease didn't stop with my carbonara. What a shame that the delicate handmade pasta would be swimming in oil and soggy bacon. My tummy has not recovered yet from that. In all fairness, my hubby ordered the blue bison burger and he said it was not bad, though  he left a quarter of it on his plate (unheard of!). Dessert was another story. The groupon only let us have a choice of pie or cake so we couldn't get the s'more dessert or the banana crepes...was looking forward to those. We ordered the cake and it was dry and cold. All and all, would have to say the night out was appreciated but our overall experience was "MEH!". Such a shame that such a cool restaurant does not stand a chance, even in such a great location. Would love to be wrong on this one.
1	Eww, do not waste your time at all going here.  I bought the Groupon they had going...$40 for 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, a bottle of wine, and a dessert...what a deal! I just moved to the area and was super stoked to get all that for $40, at what looked like a really nice place.  I checked out their Yelp page before buying the Groupon, and the pictures all looked amazing.  That charcuterie plate, the yellowtail crudo, foie gras, whole sea bass!  YUM.  Well folks, those are all pictures of the old restaurant CUOCO PAZZO.  These gave me a completely different idea of what I thought this meal would be like.  False advertising, and, for my sake, super disappointing.   I ordered the beef stroganoff.  It was watery, the pasta was soggy, and the chunks of steak in there had to be from an overcooked steak someone sent back a couple days ago.  It was almost ashy in color, really tough, and legitimately looked and tasted really old.   I picked out the mushrooms to eat, but lets just say it was hardly touched.  My boyfriend ordered the bison burger.  He said it was really overcooked, and nothing special.  For him to not take leftovers for lunch the next day is pretty rare.  We asked for our chocolate cake to go(and gave it to our neighbor).  When the bill came, I had shown the waiter my Groupon, and he marked it as used.  Now here is where my experience went from never coming back, to writing an extremely negative review(which I rarely ever do).  I had asked the waiter if I can leave his tip on my debit card, since I wanted to tip him and I did not have cash.  He said sure, I can charge you 1 penny and then you can leave the tip.  We left a tip, and never looked back.  Until I saw my card was charged $97.74 when I checked my bank account that following Sunday.  When I was finally able to contact the restaurant(they aren't open Sunday, Monday, or Tuesday until dinner service) the owner called Merchant services and told me the full amount would be credited back to me within 3-15 days.  Well just today I had to call up my bank and have this issue resolved for me...it has been almost a month!Not only was the place empty on a Wednesday night, which is very strange for Old Town Scottsdale, the food was bad, and the service I received after the fact was even worse.  I don't think I would come back to this restaurant even if the food was free.  Man that sounds so harsh to say...I love writing fun, happy reviews.  Unfortunately, fun and happy(or yummy)was far from what I received.
1	Updated from my previous review. I agree with the other groupon visitors. Wednesday night during Spring training and place was empty. One person working besides the kitchen. This place still had a Christmas tree in the middle of the restaurant. The food is subpar. It appears the owner has given up on this place, avoid going here.
1	This place will be out of business soon.  The place was a ghost town on a nice Thursday evening.Took my family with the Groupon, which conveniently made no mention of how restrictive the terms were.  But OK, it was explained to us upon presenting the coupon.  So I ordered a Four Peaks Hop Knot (one of the allowed beers) - "sorry, we're out".  I love IPAs so I asked if they were substituting one of their other beers. Nope!  I don't mind when a restaurant runs out of something, but I do mind if they don't make a reasonable accommodation with a similar item. My wife wanted a Sierra Nevada (she had seen the logo on the window covering on the way into the "gastropub") - nope, don't stock Sierra Nevada!Food was marginal.  Carbonara (supposedly a specialty), was nothing special and a little greasy.  Mine is 10 times better - expected more as this place used to be a supposedly nice Italian restaurant - you can tell because they didn't even change the display on the ordering software visible from the table.  And my receipt didn't have the correct name on it! Blue bison burger was good and I'd give thumbs up to the French fries, but if the fries are the highlight of the meal, something is wrong!Dessert selection with the Groupon was too limited, so we couldn't get the 2 we wanted to try.  And, you couldn't even pay the difference over "the allowed" amount. Chocolate cake was pretty dry.Service was a little surly, and no follow-up by anybody resembling a manager.Can't figure how Yelp gives this place 4/5 stars when there's a bunch of poor reviews, but don't waste your time here, which is too bad because it's got easy parking, theoretically a good beer selection, and a nice location, but it won't survive.
2	So, they could use some work on the way the place looks and the way it works. There was not much business on the Saturday night that I was here and it really seemed as if I walked in on a "soft opening".First, when you walk past, you have no effing idea where the effing front door is. Is it on the west or the north side of the building? Why isn't there a sign? So that you don't walk around aimlessly as I did- it's on the north side of the building, facing the parking lot. There's also no host/hostess so you walk in and say "hello?" hoping someone answers. The parking lot right in front of the open windows of the dining room= every time someone pulls in at night with their lights on, it gets real bright and/or blinds you depending on where you're seated.The decor? Damn. It looks like a mismatched set of rustic Alaska, Colorado and Tuscany. There weren't any barrels and wagon wheels in Italy the last time I was in Italy. There was also an undecorated fake Christmas tree in the center of the dining room.The menu is all over as well. A few Italian classics alongside some Shrimp N Grits, Meatloaf and Fried Chicken. My head is spinning. Am I at Mr. Cacciatore's or am I at Marie Callender's?The best thing that we tried were the Arancini or the rice balls. Blackened Tilapia was under-seasoned, carbonara was OK, beer selection was decent and well poured. Service was not bad but I don't think I would come back unless they focus the menu and figure out who they are.
1	This is the former Cuoco Pazzo.  I bought Groupons for this place that expired on 4/20.  We went by tonight to give it a try....they're closed.  Thanks for nothing.Return Factor - 0%
1	So sad.... Came here the other day with a group of hungry people to find this place had CLOSED :( (not a good situation to be in)  It's now a completely different restaurnant under new owners....will have to give it a try.
