2	Yikes....if this is an example of what to expect at Tivoli Village in Summerlin I'm gonna be very disappointed.Walking in I was impressed with the place. Very nice looking with comfortable seating spread out indoors and outdoors.  A little warm today to eat outside IMO but can imagine at night it would be great.Ordered some garlic knots and a meatball sandwich.Garlic knots - I knew this was trouble the moment I looked at them.  You ever buy a sourdough roll at Albertson's or something like that?  The outside of the bread looks tough and really chewy?  Yup....that's what the garlic knots are like here.  The outside of the bread is just disgusting.  It was inedible.  They painted some butter and garlic on it but not really enough even if the bread was good.  I can't believe they served me that.Meatball sub - Meatballs were lukewarm.  Not sure what that means but fear it's cause they reheated it.  Though honestly the meatball itself had good flavor and was juicy enough inside.  The sauce, however, was gross.  They put way too much on so it slobbered everywhere and it tasted way too sweet.  Not sure if it's homemade or from a can - I'd guess from a can.  I have no idea why I'm not giving this one star since the service wasn't very good either - they did have more employees than customers when I went yet the staff was kind of sitting around chatting while some people needed service.  Not really a very well run place either food or service wise.I did like my waitress.  She was nice even though not very attentive.  She made a pretty awful Arnold Palmer but was nice and asked if I liked the garlic knots.  Feel bad lying to her that they were good.If you're eager to try this place I would do so in the next 6 months.  I can't imagine this place lasting very long unless Tivoli really takes off with the foot traffic.
1	Bad service, Bad Food. Very incompetent waitress.I do not recommend this place at all.
3	Pizza OK. Pricey unless you keep it simple. Understaffed [waiters] for a Saturday night.
5	The restaurant in Tivoli Village is Very Wheelchair friendly ...appreciated that espescially... The food was excellent.... I ordered the meatball sandwich... it came with fries ... was very well made. My sister ordered the salad and it was the same price as the sandwich ( 8.00 ) but compared to the sandwich she didnt receive as big a portion as she would have liked.... The salad was pricey compared to the sandwich. My parents ordered the Pizza .... nothing but love for the pizza!! The staff was exceptional !! Greeted very friendly by the door person and our waitress made sure we were full up on drinks and everything met our satisfaction..... The Manager made it a point to see that we were well too!! I had visited the restaurant before taking my family there and I was well greeted by one of the waitors and Management.... Thank You!! Made me feel like royalty and at home ..... I will be sure to visit this place often .Despite a skimpy salad I give this place 5 outta 5 stars....
5	I must say this is a much needed restaurant on the west side of town! They offer the best gluten-free pizza I have had which is such a delight since it's so hard to find decent tasting gluten-free food. It has a fun a nd friendly atmosphere with a great staff. Their salad is also great, not  your typical boring lettuce salad you find at most pizza places. Can't wait for them to start serving beer and alcohol - it will definitely be my new local spot!!
5	My request was simple - a slice of NYC in LV. Radio City granted that request, as well as provided good service on a busy Friday night.I'm happy. I'll be back. End of story.1st real slice of pizza since I left Queens = #5-Stah-Fo-U!
5	I work in Tivoli Village and often eat at the pizzeria multiple times a week. I love how convenient it is for me to walk in and buy a slice of this crispy oozing goodness on my lunch break. I also really like the salads especially the Vanilla Shallot dressing. They also have great service especially the owner/ manager when he is around he is always making sure we are takin care of! I will continue to eat at the pizzeria because I know the staff is great and high quality fresh food makes it hard to resist!
1	I asked if they have thick pizza and the guy @ the cashier said all his 12" pizzas are thick.So we ordered a Buffalo Chicken Pizza - guess what: the thinnest pizza I've ever had with least amount of cheese ....they just started the business......won't last like that. Terrible experience
1	Not very good.  Anyone who has been to Italy or any  decent pizzeria knows what authentic pizza is. "Authentic Italian STYLE" means Pizza Hut.  Good luck to all you pizza lovers.
3	Do you like it hard and thick?Your pizza crust I mean : )So we went here a few nights ago because we LOVE pizza and this place was super close to our apartment. We also go to Tivoli Village like 4 days a week :)We cam here around 730pm so it was pretty dead; which was good!! We opted to seat outside since it was a nice night and my son like to run around. I took a look at the menu and we were trying to figure out if we should order the 2 slice plus a soda for 7$ or the 10" pizza for 13$ (cheese only) and add some toppings (.50 for slice, 1$ for 10" and 1.50$ for a 12") we settled on the small pizza bc paying 14$ for 4 slices of pizza and 2 sodas is INSANE! We added pep and ham to our lil pizza and off she went and placed the order.We waited for a few mins then went to Kidville to check it out. We came back and waited a little while longer and the pizza came out! We were sooo starving and were ready to eat! She set it on the pizza rack thing and I checked it out. It looked pretty yummy and I was excited to take a bite! I served my son a slice which was cheesy and hot, he got pep I got the ham. We each took a bite and I was like meh, its yummy but I expected a little more for the price. The slices were small and my son and I both ate 3 and were ready to go burn off the calories in the play area.The pizza here is moderate, tastes fresh, and cheesy. Crust wasnt money by any means, I figured it would be soft and yummy... but it was kinda hard and thick... Dont get me wrong I love things hard and thick... just not my crust!! They arent greedy with the toppings and the pizza itself isnt overly greasy, or really that greasy for the matter. I maybe might go back if we have to, the waitress was super nice and the place itself is clean. I just wasnt enthralled with the pizza, I would not compare this to NYC pizza at all. I would compare it to the frozen digorno pizzas. Anywho, 3 solid stars for this place! Loved our waitress!
4	This place has gluten free pizza and uses daiya cheese.  So that's a plus in my book for bringing or telling my friends who live in the area.I unforgivably, do not live in the area but, was there by happenstance so, I stopped by to try some of this NYC style pizza. BTW, I was born and raised in NYC so, that's a challenge to my ears when a restaurant claims to have NYC pizza.First we had to find Tivoli village, park, and totally feel awkward as us Henderson people don't really fancy shamncy dress up and this place looks like the toilets are lined with gold and beautiful women shit rose petals out of their asses.We get to the pizza place and it's nice and looks like every other restaurant that's going for the metal on wood urban theme.I ordered the vegas pizza and sat down to wait.  I should have gotten a slice of pizza because the wait was killing me.the pizza crust aspires to have that NYC crisp on the outside and chewy wet on the inside mouth feel.  The dough is flavorful but, when I went it was a bit too salty.  The toppings were good quality and the cheese was chewy, stringy, and all the things I look for.It really does come close and they have a great product.  I give them fist pump for that.  Is it NYC pizza? No. But, it's def NYC style so, def give them some support instead of ordering from nasty papa john's.*Beware, they put peppercinis on the vegas pizza. I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.  just ruined the whole pizza.  tasted like sour chunks.*
2	I love that this place has gluten free pizza- when I went to pick up my order I also saw that they have GF beer too. I was visiting my sister in Vegas and everyone wanted pizza but since im GF we had to find a place for me too. We ordered 2 small pizzas- 1 plain, 1 veggie with pepperoni added. We also got a GF pizza with black olives, onions, pepperoni, green peppers as well as an order of wings and a garden salad. When we got there- the owner greeted us and was VERY friendly. Service was amazing which I always appreciate. However, the food totaled to $70!!!! SEVENTY DOLLARS!!!! well I thought, lets just see how good this pizza is. We got back and opened everything up. The wings literally looked like something that was previously frozen- they were also very small and the sauce was lackluster. They tasted ok- but for $8 I would expect a little more. The salad was fine- totally what I would expect for a small $5 salad. The 2 small pizzas were a hit- everyone really liked them. The sauce was very flavorful. The gluten free pizza- thats where it goes awry. The actual crust was GREAT- however, it looked like the pizza was cooked JUST to the cheese started to melt. It was terribly under done. The onions were just about 2 spoonfuls of diced white onions, the green peppers were very lacking as well. I would like to give this place a 4 or 5 star review but for $70 that pizza just was not good enough.
1	Went in with my parents for a "quick" slice of pizza to tie us over until dinner. Guy behind the counter said it would be right up. After 5 minutes or so I asked the lady up front how much longer. Since there was nowhere to sit we sat outside in the cold. She said she would bring it out to us. So a moment later she comes out and tells us there are no more slices and it will be like 8 minutes longer.  Why didn't the guy tell us that in the first place?By now we move inside into the loud, cramped dining room. Pizza arrives and I ask for silverware. Silverware is filthy with water stains.Worst part was the pizza. Terrible. Too much stringy cheese, dough without flavor, sauce watery crap.  I can't believe they call this ny pizza.Please...save yourself the money and the time and stay away from this poor excuse for a pizza joint.
5	My office just moved into Tivoli Village this weekend so I've eaten at this place 3 times in the last week. Each time the food had been great and my husband loved the cheap beer on tap after a long day of moving. We've had the chicken club pizza a couple times and it is just awesome, the toppings were fresh and plentiful and the pizza was cooked perfectly. We also tried the white pizza when we order for the office and it was good but I think it could have used more garlic (but I love garlic so it may just be me). We also shared an order of chicken fingers and an order of the garlic parmesean chips one day for lunch. The fingers are really good, crunchy on the outside but moist and tender on the inside with a nice flavor to the breading and the honey mustard dipping sauce was really good. The garlic chips were sooooo good. A little greasy but since they are freshly fried I expected that but the flavor and the texture of the chips was just wonderful.The prices were good for the amount of food, each time that hubby and I shared we were both full and the total with tip was under $25.Now that I work in Tivoli I think this will be a common lunch stop for me.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place. My first visit was the other day and I can assure you it won't be my last. The staff is more than welcoming, the prices are reasonable, the atmosphere is great and the food is amazing. .50 PBR drafts all day everyday!
4	Friday night routine, take out Wifee & kids plus kids buddies for dinner. We've seem Radio City Pizzeria whenever we've wandered around the classy but still quiet Tivoli Village.Quite a small restaurant with a nice bar showing football, guys with baseball hats, shouting. Am I in a sports bar?We have to wait 30 minutes to get a table for 7 people. That's ok, the male minors & I head to Brookstone & Land Rover. Females head to clothing stores. Everybody happy.We return on time and the squeeze us onto a table that should seat 8 but the tables are small and it's a little tight. The hostess is super charming and we are delighted to sit down.Order large (18") cheese pie & small (12") meat lover plus sides of chicken tenders, fries and garlic knots. Beer is 50c? Pabst, I have never tried Pabst but 50c! Good.Wifee chose from a surprisingly large wine list and enjoyed a nice Ferrari Chardonnay for $13 a glass. She only had one glass!Pizza was very hot with ample toppings, sides were fine and we left with full bellies. $76 plus tip for 7 people. Not where to go if you're counting calories but enjoyable and we'll go back.
4	Went here for dinner with a party of 16 on a very busy Friday night. I must say i am a fan. The only reason i wont give 5 stars is because we had a res and our table wasn't ready at the time. I understand that its a small place so it wasn't a big deal especially because one of the employees brought us beer and wine while we waited. The food was GREAT as well as the service. We had 3 different pizzas (incl 1 gluten free), Chicken marsala, Caesar salads, Caprese, Antipasto and cannoli's for dessert. This was all washed down with the incredible .50 PBR's. Great little place!!!
3	I came here after the Tivoli shopping crawl. It was chilly outside so we were in the mood for a hot pizza and some garlic knots. We started with the garlic knots which were a bit tough. It might have been because the bottoms were burnt. The flavor was also weak ...there was not enough buttery garlic goodness in them. The Viva Las Vegas Pizza 12" ($15.95) made up for my disappointment in the knots. It had Sopressata ( Italian cured salami), roasted garlic, Ricotta Cheese, fresh mozzarella, roasted tomatoes, red onions , and sliced pepperoncinis. I liked that the salami was mild tasting without being overly salty. I also appreciated that they offered pepperoncinis on their pizza. The roasted tomatoes were a combination of salty and sweet . Yum!The restaurant is a little small so during the winter with people going in and out you are likely to feel a brisk breeze.  I would suggest bringing a jacket just in case.
1	We ordered antipasto without the meat for our starter/salad and a 12 inch pizza with olives and mushrooms, and asked for it well done.  They brought the antipasto with the pizza, and they offered to reheat the pizza, we said we do not want reheated pizza, so to just take away the antipasto.  The pizza was not well done, in fact it was undercooked, the dough was doughy and the cheese wasn't all the way melted.  The sauce tasted like it was plain tomato sauce out of the can with a bunch of salt added.  Definitely not a return place.
5	A friend told me,"You cant write a review of where you work". My opinion, that's a load of malarckey! So, as usual, im gonna write from the heart & tell you the thoughts that follow me home. 1st, the vanilla shallot salad dressing; why oh why, dont you bottle it?! When im home & make a salad, I get sad, cause I dont have it. I could lick this stuff off of anything. Trust me, I mean anything....close to anything. Ooooh...bottle the hot sauce also!  Now, lets address my subconscious; my dreams about the Mamma G's Stuffed Chicken. Put aside the strange details & Freudian implications, the flavors marry so eloquently, every peron I recommend it to has been thrilled. I had one customer text the menu description & photo of the entree, to his wife, letting her know what he was enjoying, while she was at work...ouch, low blow, but still a sign of apprectiation. Lastly the chicken fingers & pizza. To me,pizza is defined by the sauce. Sometimes, I imagine ordering a large 18in for myself, just to take that perfect first bite out of every piece at the center. We like to joke,"I cant believe I swallowed all 18in". Yet, where there's a will, there's a way. The chicken fingers....are the best i've ever had. I know the secret to them, but i'd be fired if I told. Oh, yeh, they love NY sports teams there...ALOT! I'm from Boston, thus, I only compliment them when I believe it to be true. I love working at Radio City & am proud enough to scream it from the rafters. I love the customers, my friends, family & staff & mostly, the food. I am what's called, a foodie. Foodies never ever lie about food.
4	This review covers both of my visits.  The first visit was on a weekend night and it was pretty busy, but it is a small place.  The service was not good, to be gentle.  I shouldn't have to get out of my seat to find someone to take my order.  Then, at the end of the meal, have to go find someone to bring the bill.  The service sucked, but the pizza was pretty good.  The best part though was the beer.  It is cheap!!  Not a happy hour, it is cheap all the time.  I would have given this visit 3 stars, but cheap beer is worth an extra star.  My second visit was around 3pm on a weekday.  There was no other customers in the whole place.  This time, the server was all over us; so much that it was a bit creepy.  This time, we ordered pizza by the slice.  It came out burnt on the top.  After delivering it, he left and only a minute later came back to check on us.  After telling him that we were ok, he asked if the pizza was overdone.  We told him that it was burnt, which he obviously knew.  Here is a bit of advice...if you are a server and you see that food you are delivering is burnt, use some common sense and have it redone.  Step up and have some quality control.  Good thing you have cheap beer.
4	Food:Viva Las Vegas pizza - This pizza was quite tasty! There was a generous amount of cheese and the roasted garlic really came through. The fire roasted tomatoes were a great touch!Garlic parmesan chips - Although, a little on the greasy side, these were amazing! Service:We got our order to go. This is an extremely small restaurant, so if you plan to dine there expect a bit of a wait. The employees looked a bit lost at times, but all in all we had a good experience.
5	There's been a sudden flood of pizzerias and East Coast-themed Italian eateries opening in Las Vegas, all which make that search for a quality pizza not as difficult and daunting a task it used to be. But if you want to know the place that's going serve as the ruler for the burgeoning Las Vegas-pizzeria marketplace to measure itself against, then Radio City Pizzeria is serving up what you're looking for. Growing up in Jersey, I was surrounded by pizzerias catering up delicious and decisively perfect thin slices of tomato-sauce laden, cheese-stretching slices of pizza. Unfortunately, I was never aware of how lucky I was to grow up in such a delectable environment, and ever since moving away for college in the early '90s, I've found myself rating pizzas with such characteristic phrases as "close enough" or "in-a-pinch, this'll suffice"; every slice always falling short of the pizza I grew up with. So, in the winter of 2012, amid reviews of Secret Pizza at the Cosmopolitan and a rash of newly opened pizzerias in Summerlin, I found myself quite skeptical of yet one more place heralding itself as authentic-East Coast/NY-style/Italian-recipe pizzeria. Lucky for Radio City (or really, for me), my son attends classes at Kidville in Tivoli Village, which happens to sit right across from Radio City, and the fates dealt me the perfect opportunity to try this pizza joint out.I met my husband and son on a Tuesday evening after my son's Kidville class. My husband was immediately won over by the giant Pabst Blue Ribbon neon sign and stated unequivocally that, "This is where we'll be eatin' tonight!" Now, before you beer snobs start furrowing your brows and turning up your noses, this ain't a brewery. This is a pizzeria. And if you got a problem with a good ole family-run joint serving something that's been a quality American-made beer that raised a generation of blue-collar workers on the perfect blend of hops and barley, well, you can take your Ed Hardy-wearing, chrome-tipped tailpipe, never-got-your-hands dirty self and get another mani/pedi instead of readin' any more of this. Pabst Blue Ribbon is a beer's beer, and you might do yourself well to kick off the airs and enjoy one. Radio City serves up drafts for $0.50, and when you're working to get from one paycheck to the next, that's certainly in the budget.  But I digress...We ordered a 12-inch pepperoni along with a Pabst for my husband, a glass of House Red for myself and an apple juice for the boy. Everything felt as it should. Basketball was on the TV, our waitress (Mimi) brought the drinks, and soon the pizza arrived. There it sat, on a steel pan, oozing delicious red oil. My heart immediately jumped. It looked authentic -- would it taste that way? As I picked up the first slice, pulling off stretchy, stringy strands of cheese that clung stubbornly to the tray, my instinct-driven index finger immediately bent the crust in half and soon the folded slice met my mouth for the first bite. I was at once transported back to Little It(aly)'s Pizza in my high school hometown. The mozzarella was melted to a perfect cheesy consistency. The sauce was a delectable blend of acidity and sweetness.The crust was crisp yet soft. My mind rode the pure bite of pizza goodness through decades of desire back to those moments of wondrous New Jersey/New York pizza perfection I enjoyed during my youth.Alliteration and prose aside, Radio City Pizzeria is it. Buy it by the slice, buy it by the pie, you won't be disappointed. Pull up a stool, pull up a chair, pull up a cold draft Pabst and enjoy pizza the way it should be. We'll be there every Tuesday night, having a slice of pizza as a family over a couple of Pabst Blues, House Reds and apple juices. Come say hi to the Swishers and enjoy a piece of pizza perfection at Radio City Pizzeria.
1	After ads n coupons n more coupons being shoved down our throats, my husband n I decide to check it out. After all, it's a 6 minute walk from home, we love pizza, n 50 cent PBR is always a good idea....until you order a Caesar salad that is far too salty that you can't even pretend to like it. And forget the pizza, that's what were there for in the first place!!! Unless of course, you prefer a pizza who's crust is too tough, cheese with no flavor, pizza sauce that tastes like a pound of sugar was added into the mix....thoroughly disappointed. Won't be back.
2	I love New York Pizza thus I was very excited to try this place out. Thank God for yummy ranch and honey mustard. It is the only reason why I was able to finish my lunch. I ordered a white pizza for myself and a side order of chicken tenders and fries for my daughter. We were starving so the second the food was placed on our table, my 3.5 year old daughter grabbed a fry and spit it out because it was so salty. On the other end of the spectrum, the chicken tenders weren't seasoned enough. Hence, the need for honey mustard. And ketchup. And ranch. Since it's a pizzeria, I was hoping that the pizza would be better, but the slice I was given was lacking in toppings and the crust was dry and hard. Again, ranch to the rescue.The ladies at the table next to me looked like they were enjoying there salads, so maybe I will give them another try and hopefully update this review. The guys working there were friendly and it might be a cool place to stop in for a beer or drink. Just next time, I will get a pizza made to order (fresh out of the oven) instead of ordering by the slice.
4	Just had lunch there.  The chicken wings were thick and juicy.  The sauce had a great flavor but wasn't hot.  I could haved used a little more spice but it was definitely flavorful.  I had a slice of Pepperoni pizza and it was good.  Looking forward to trying the Chicken Parm sandwich with the Parmesan Cheese chips next time.
5	Great pizza joint, but that is an understatement. The entrees and sandwich eat have always been great as well. the server always keeps my table clean, and drinks full. Great staff, tasty food in a pleasant atmosphere makes it overall one of my favorite spots.
1	Poor service. Food was nothing special. I don't plan on going back.
2	Quality of the food...4 stars. Tastes great with almost perfect crust on both my wife's regular crust and my gluten-free crust pizzas. No complaints about the quality of the food. The service...0 stars. From the to servers standing beside by table trying to decide who was going to take which table that evening while ignoring us to ignoring us for most of the night. Never asked if we wanted refills or another beer. My wife asked about an item on the menu and our server just read back the menu and walked away. If I go back, it'll be for pizza to go.
3	Let's just get to what you people read my reviews for: VEGAN PIZZA. With (plenty of) Daiya!I was pretty psyched when I heard that RCP was offering a vegan cheez alternative on their pizzas, so I made the voyage to Bougieland with some friends to try it out.  They'll charge you $2 extra for the vegan cheese, but at least they don't skimp! I got a 12" pizza with bell peppers (ahem, green peppers - don't play me like I might be getting red!) and artichoke hearts.  The crust was good (although I like mine a little more done; it could have had another minute or two in the oven for my taste).  And the leftover pizza was good both cold right out of the fridge and reheated in the microwave.So, what's the downside? Service is not great.  Ambiance is a little lacking.  There are some nice high tables near the kitchen area, then there's the "kids area."  We seemed to be surrounded by tables with children the whole time we were there.... What can you do? It was a busy day.... And there is no restroom.  You have to go outside, down the way, but I guess that's pretty common at Tivoli.  Beware that most of their bottles of wine are actually half bottles.  We made that mistake and ended up with three people each getting 2/3 glass of wine.  Which was delicious, as it should be for $56/bottle.  Our bad for not reading closely, but I think we all felt it was a little underhanded.... My other complaint is that the (red) wine was freaking COLD.  This is not cold duck! This is a decent red wine....should be no colder than 60 deg.  This was like 40-45.  So, skip the wine, and go for the $1 PBR instead.I'll definitely get their pizza again; but next time, I'll probably just call for takeout.
1	I was excited to try this place, but sadly i did not get a chance. They advertise that they deliver, but apparently only on busy days, don't know which day that is. Very disappointed.
3	We stopped in because we happened to be in the area, although I wouldn't normally visit a development with the word "Village" in it.  Of course I have a pretty hard time passing up $0.50 PBRs too.Fist off the PBRs hit the spot, at that price I'm sure they're dispensing enough of it to maintain it at the peak of freshness.  We also had a few Moretti's for $1.50, another bargain but I don't think that's a daily deal.We shared a little house/side salad.  For $5 I'm not sure I got a lot of value out of that.  Just a clump of greens on a plate.We then split a 12"  BBQ Chicken Pizza for $15.95.  That's probably the most I have ever paid for a pizza that size.  It was good but it certainly hasn't had me dreaming about it ever since.  I'd be just as happy with a frozen California Pizza Kitchen pie for $5.  Actually I'd be happier because then I'd have enough money for 22 more PBRs.Normally we would order a large pizza so we'd have something to take home, but only some pizzas are available in the large size.  This would lead one to believe that the pizzas are made ahead of time.  Who knows, but I think it's sort of a dumb way to set up the menu. What really caught my eye though was a parmesan chicken sandwich that I saw sitting on the counter, wow, that thing looked tasty!Atmosphere?  Not much going happening on a Sunday afternoon.  A few trust fund babies at the bar sort of made me hope that's not the normal crowd.In summary I found the food to be okay but not worth the price.  Factor in the cost of the beers though and you'll come out even on the bill compared to most other places.
1	My family has been here a few times and we love the pizza and before yesterday the service was always good. Last night was another story, seems our waiter was having a bad night. We were sitting outside with our son and I had to ask the waiter 3 times for water. And each time he acted like I was asking for too much. Someone at another table complained about he attitude as well. Not sure if will be back, for the price we pay we should get good service period.
4	At first I thought it was a fast food pizza place where you order, pay and grab a seat.  It's actually a sit down place.  The service is Awesome; they were very attentive.  I didn't even have to ask for ranch and they provided a large portion.  We ordered the meatball sub w/ homemade french fries and the chicken parm pizza.  All were amazing!  The chicken parm was delicious!  Each slice had a large piece of chicken; and the cheese was really good.  And the homemade french fries were so good.  It was crisp and wasn't oily.  It almost tastes like McDonalds fries but chunkier!  Our waitress recommended them and we are glad we tried it!The prices are alright, considering it is in Tivoli Village.  We will definitely come back to try the other items.
1	The worst pizza I've ever eaten! We were starving and ordered the Viva Las Vegas. I believe the Sopressata was rancid and picked it off. The crust was gooey and nasty. My bf loves meats and ate my pieces. The flavor of the meat permeated the cheese and I only ate some toppings so I had something in my tummy before attending a wine event! We left the event early as my bf started feeling Ill, nauseated by the time we got home and sick all night! I had much less discomfort which was 12 delay in the resulting surprise. Worse than Chuck E Cheese!The cheap beer is the only thing that should be ordered here!
2	2 stars is strictly for the food so here's the deal:5 stars because we were able to bring our dogs and enjoy a meal!5 stars for $.50 PBRs5 stars for the service, they reappeared outside frequently, acknowledged the need for a refill on the beverages and asked if we would like some water for the dogs2 stars, unfortunately, for the food.  I was super excited to try this restaurant because they offer vegan cheese.  We ordered a vegan pizza with sliced jalapenos and roasted garlic for me & a "normal" veggie pizza for bf.  We were half way through our pizzas (we were really hungry) when we both looked at each other, stopped chewing and realized our dissappointment.  The crust was tough, neither of us could taste the sauce and couldn't decide if it was a lack of flavor from the sauce or not enough on the pizza.  The toppings were very skimpy and we both were looking for salt - who puts salt on a pizza?If anyone from Tivoli or the restaurant reads this, can I suggest to have the produce truck that parks across from your location move?  I realize it is only there during the Saturday market but it is loud, runs constantly and was the reason we left the restaurant in a bad mood.  No one wants to eat a meal 10 feet away from a running moving van.
5	Here is how I see it. 5 stars for the food.10 stars for the service. (I wish I could give them the ten)5 stars for the buck.50 new castle.Oh, by the way 50 cent pbr.I love the pizza.The food is great...
1	Five for dinner on a Friday night.   The hostess said. "We may be able to seat you" what's that mean? She says half hour I say that's fine we will wait.  Then she says..sorry we cannot accommodate at all tonight we have a 830 reservation coming in and we are small. It was 750!! I was shocked that she turned away business hoping her 830 reservation showed up!  Noone was waiting but us...some kids in there so I know those tables wouldn't stay long. The weather was bad so we couldn't sit outside.   I'm sure the owner would love to know the hostess turns business away!  We went to DeMarcos and waited an hour and had great food!  Don't know if we will try again?
4	50 cent PBRs and cheap slices of pizza!
2	At first look this seems like a great fun place. And it might be if you just dine there. HOWEVER if you decide to partner up with them for any type of events just know that you will be entirely on your own for promotions etc....The food was okay but the service was slow. After our event which by the way no management came out to say is everything okay or is there anything you need....we decided to order. Had to flag down the waiter. They brought over one menu for a table of five, then had to ask for water. After ordering it took approx 25 minutes for our food to arrive. Then it was brought out without utensils or napkins. Might as well have been a self serve. Plus one of the items that we ordered never arrived! Had to also go inside and request check. I had a friend who sat inside and they said the service was not much better.Will I ever be back...no!The only plus for this business is that you can bring your dog!
1	Was intrigued by the homemade parmesan garlic chips and wanted to give them a try to use as a gauge for whether I would order anything else.  Big mistake.  For $7, all I got was a small tray of very burnt chips sprinkled with parmesan cheese and garlic salt.  And I'm not talking about just a few burnt ones here and there -- I would say literally 99% of the entire order was what most customers would described as burned.  Perhaps if the amount of chips had been twice as large or the price closer to $4, I would not have felt as ripped off.  At the prices this place charges, you expect some superior quality.   As much as I'm all for helping out the small restaurant owner, this small thing really did leave a horrible first impression.  If I had looked at the chips before I left, I would've probably sent them back, but it was a to go order and I didn't really look at them until I was half-way home.  Oh well.  Needless to say, I won't be returning.
5	Wow! RCP is a weekly run for myself and my brothers family(two small children includes!). And for 6 weeks in a row it has been perfect. Havent seen any of the issues other people seen to find! Thick or under cooked crust??? Nope perfectly crispy outside and cooked inside!!! As far as it being thick, the crust is thinner than any pan pizza you get from the other delivery places. Sauce is great perfectly cheesed each time!! The antipasto plate is HUGE and a great price!!! And  really.50$ PBR!!!! yeah ding ding ding winner. As for the service....100% amazing!!! Drinks are never empty, food comes out fast and hot and all of the servers have been nothing but attentive! Even when the place is 100% full!!(which yes is easy  its pretty small inside and a few out door tables)  Now for the atmosphere....its a New York joint!!! Unless you thought it was a different Radio City????? New York sports on the tube...lots of NY love...and being a New Yorker this is HEAVEN! I dont really write reviews...nor frequent places that dont rock....this place is amazing!!  See ya next week!!!
4	1st of all- $.50 PBR. Let me give you a minute to let that sink it.......got it? Good. We spent $12 on beer. Seriously. It was awesome.The people who work here are chill and pretty cool. We ordered 2 pizzas between 3 of us (I know, I know, we're such fatties). We got the hamburger pizza and the Viva Las Vegas. The hamburger pizza was weird. It tasted just like a hamburger, fries and all. (It even had ketchup!). We ordered it cuz the waiter recommended it. Needless to say, I won't order that again. The Viva Las Vegas though, was MUCH better. Granted, we ordered that later in the night when my taste buds were less discerning. The best thing of the night was the garlic knots. HOLY $h!T, they were amazing!! I ate 2 of them, and I wage a holy war against carbs. Yes, THAT GOOD. For a perfect night, order a couple of beers and garlic knots. You'll thank me.
2	Stopped in just for a quick lunch of two slices.  Told the girl at the counter I wanted the two slice special with soda for $7.00.   She asked if it was to dine in or to go, I told her I was just going to sit outside and she said she would bring it out.  Five minutes later another server comes out and asks me what I had ordered.  She said she was going to get my soda.  She made it seem that I had to go inside to get my soda so I did and she just handed it to me.  A few minutes later the initial server brought my two slices out.  After finishing I went inside to pay and the second server said she would be right with me.  There were several employees behind the counter but no one offered to help me out at the register for some reason.  She then went on to bring another table their bill, then brought a pizza out to another table, then got a refill for another table, and then finally went to print out my bill.  I gave her a tip but wish I didn't as the service was just time consuming.A little helpful hint if you are just going to get a couple slices, just tell them it is to go and then go outside to eat if that's your plan.  I don't know if she was just looking for a tip for service but I would have preferred just to pay for my slices and soda at the register to expedite the whole process.  Feel like it took twice as long as it should have to just get a couple slices of pizza and pay the bill, and they weren't very busy.The pizza is good but the service leaves a little to be desired even from other times we have been there.
2	Note: This review is past due and it was for the time I visited during the month of March. Incredibly slow service. There were only two people in the restaurant yet we got our god damn pizza 30 mins later. I was very furious. To top it off, there were only two tables that were occupied and 20 or something vacant ones. Anyways, we ordered the BBQ pizza and once we received it, our first bite into the pizza had BBQ sauce dripping everywhere my plate. That is because they basically downed the whole pizza in BBQ sauce. Me and my friend could not even finish the pizza because it was too drenched with BBQ sauce. However, the pig inside me still gobbled most of it since I do love BBQ pizza.Seriously, I never want to give a place a one star, because unless they actually treated their customers like trash, that would be the underlying decision to give them a one star. They really need to work on their service because I can only imagine if they were actually busy...if they ever are.
4	Pizza is great, they have an awesome meatball sub and PBR FOR 50 CENTS!  A PITCHER IS $2.  Wow.  Very New York flavor... usually have games on (important ones with sound).  Have a small bar to belly up to.  Great spot in Tivoli village.
3	We had no complaints about the garlic knots and the Viva Vegas pizza. The knots were fresh and nicely garlicky. The pizza was A-OK. I am a fan of a thin crispy crust. Service was not the best - quite inattentive, and the place was not even half full on a Saturday at lunchtime. If we didn't want to have lots of time to talk and not eat, it would have been a very negative experience. I would probably go back if the Leone Cafe was too busy.
4	From the other reviews, I was expecting slow service and good food. We got great service and great food. Maybe they've heard the complaints about service and addressed the issue but either way, we had a good experience here. We were waited on immediately, drinks were out in a flash (yes the $2 pitchers of PBR do exist here and attract the associated hipsters) actually the beer was really good and cold, and the pizza, we had the pesto chicken pizza and it was dy-no-mite! Light chewy crust was the key here. No red sauce on this pie (yes I called it a pie) and with me, aside from the crust, the sauce is boss so I'll need to try a traditional pizza here to test that.Overall good stuff here. Tivoli is coming around finally with more and more places to eat and drink so it's not so ghost town-ish anymore.
5	Chatted with the manager and our awesome server Melissa, down to earth! The pizza is always good the beer is cheap. Everyone is just down to earth friendly. Def. a new favorite spot for at least a weekly visit. Check it out!
4	One of the 1st steps to having a successful business is having a great product...  These guys have a great product at a great price.Come in for the .50 cent PBRs (Yup .50 cents... I know I know 20 beers for $10... exactly)  Anywho... Stay for the great pizza.  New York style crust... Thin chewy... Perfect toppings... and cheap!  Boo ya!Andy, whom I can guess is the new manager... Maybe... Is great and has seemed to have hired a whole new team of people that are attentive and personable.  If you're a pizza fan, check this place out... If you like to drink for cheap, check this place out...
5	I've been coming to Radio City Pizzeria since they opened. I have checked in a handful of times and left quick tips and photos but never have I left a review before. If I could do it from my phone I would have! Let me start out by saying the bad reviews are complete blasphemy! So your pizza took a little time to prepare this isn't DiGiorno frozen pizza this is N.Y. style hand tossed pizza made with the best ingredients around! Maybe if your watching the clock you should pick more interesting dining companions or maybe take advantage of the best beer and wine pricing in Las Vegas, while you wait! (This could make your companions a little more interesting too)Which brings me to my next point. Yeah the PBR price has been raised to $1 a pint and $4 a pitcher but who cares! Hands down the best deal in town! WINNING!!!Radio City has a very friendly staff and the food is awesome! It isn't a corporate chain, family owned and operated! Now that's refreshing!Come on down and try it for yourself I've tried just about everything and haven't had a bad meal yet!
3	I could eat the garlic chips all day. Their .50 beer is great deal. Their pizza is good also. Would give it 4 stars but the host few months back was very rude and condescending. She's young so I'll try to not take it too personally but humbleness and humility will go a long way. Just few days ago, the waitress brought out the wrong order too. I like this place enough to go back but with better service, I think this place has a lot of potential.
4	This location is closed.  The website says they will re-open in a week or so on Fremont Street in downtown LV.Decent pizza and cheep beer.  Hope it stays that way when they open downtown
5	The pizza was good. The salad was great. The chicken fingers are amazing!!!! Probably the best chicken fingers in Las Vegas. Friendly Management and Staff. Will definitely visit again.
