5	I only hope the bloody mary is as good at the Hennessey's in southern california, because OH, MY, GOODNESS, have they got something beautiful going on with those!our server, who also happened to be the bartender, was super attentive, helpful, and really fun!  we loved Marcus!And the California Citrus Salad was seriously amazing.  Check out these ingredients: Citrus herb-marinated chicken atop fresh spinach & romaine, tossed with feta cheese, artichoke hearts, cucumber, olives, almonds, fresh veggies & a citrus vinaigrette dressing (i stole that from the website)but it's seriously such an AMAZING salad!!!  Took the chicken & olives off, cost the same, but at least our server was cool enough to let us know and ask if we wanted it on the side so anyone else could munch on it.  I love little things like that.  What a great experience.Can't wait to go to a nearby Hennessey's Tavern & check on the bloody marys and order myself a cal. citrus salad.  YUM!
3	If you are looking for a low key meal on Fremont Street, you could do worse then Hennesey's, which is the las vegas outpost of the regional chain.  The exterior is gussied by being in the shape of the "worldest largest pint"- the building? is in the shape of a pint glass?  Get it?  Classic vegas- even the mid level chain restaurant's have some kind of crazy shtick.All the waitresses wore matching "irish school girl" outfits- super creepy!!!  My hamburger was of the "defrosted" variety.  I ordered it "rare" on the theory that most shitty restaurants can't make a burger rare, and the good ones can.  My theory worked out as my eye brow raising "rare' request was rewarded with a burger that was no where close to being rare.  Ipso facto= Hennesey's is mediocre.  Why ask how you want your hamburger?  What is the point:?Imagine it would be a nice place to have a few beers- not a small statement in a town that is an ongoing garish drinking nightmare.
5	Love Hennessey's Tavern!  I love it in southern california, and i only hope the one in vegas catches on with the locals.  What a great time on Saturday night with the band!Great food as well.
3	Two for Tuesdays - go to lunch and you get burgers for .. half off? Or two for one? Or something like that. Anyway, it's great for a group. Order the hard lemonade - it's awesome!Try to get Katelyn as your waitress - she's awesome!
2	Good times.  Great for St. Patty's!!  Get in early to grab yourself a table and start collecting the celebratory plastic cups.
3	2 for 1 burgers on Tuesdays is a tough bargain to beat. I mean, if you're looking for a cheap-ass burger that doesn't taste like a homeless guy's balls*, then Hennesey's is your place on Tuesdays.* reference made for colorful purposes only. I don't actually know what bum's nuts taste like, other than what my friends tell me.
3	Came here with a buddy (Kyle) to fuel up for some 10x odds craps at Binion's... I had the Sirloin and a Guinness... Kyle had the Corned Beef and Cabbage and a Black & Tan... First off... good looking girls as waitresses... Guinness came quick (but not too quick, leading me to believe that they know what they are doing) and the Black & Tan was heavy on the tan...  Good start.My steak looked delicious and like it came out of a photo shoot.  Kyle's C-B&C looked equally cool.  So far this is a solid 4 star joint.  I ordered my steak medium-rare because the only gravy I like on my mashed potatoes is the blood from my steak.  Obviously, there are better places for steak (this is Vegas for crissakes), but steak is on the menu so I'm going to hold them accountable for knowing how to cook one.  As I mentioned, the steak looked beautiful, and I cut into it and I got a good amount of juice action, but it tasted like it was over cooked... I kept thinking to myself... Their grill must be like on something as hot as the surface of the sun and incinerated the grill marks into this chunk of meat.  I continue to eat it and it tastes well done but looks medium rare...  then towards the end of the steak, when you have cut enough off and it is now taller that it is wide (it was a nice thick steak) and if falls over... I spotted it.  Bottom side was blacker than Wesley Snipes.  To quote Randal from Clerks: "I don't appreciate your ruse, ma'am..." "You're cunning attempt to trick me"It was a good steak, but someone set fire to one side of it and it wasn't even busy in the restaurant... no excuse... Kyle totally dug the corned beef, but then again he isn't on Yelp.Despite my steak complaints I actually would go back to this place because everything else was solid, but I would ask for a bloody ass steak and then check the plate side before eating it... Maybe they do the whol hot ass skillet thing and that was the cause... Maybe this is how you like a steak, but not how I do, and again... it is my review.
2	Saturday night at this Irish tavern is okay, the house band is good. The food is acceptable. There's a good vibe and the Tavern's loud but not too loud. I don't love the place nor do I hate Hennessey's it's just very okay. It's an ideal 2 and a half star experience on Freemont. *The Gunniess Bloody Mary thing left much to be desired.
3	This place has OK food, but when it gets busy expect a long wait. Drinks were pretty expensive but the one thing that pulls this from a 1 star to 3 is the band. Great excellent band that keeps us coming back each year.
4	It took me two days to realize that this Hennessey's is a sibling of the Hennessey's we have here in Carlsbad.  And the Vegas one -- at the sketchy end of Fremont Street -- turns out to be the smarter, happier, better adjusted, sibling of the two.The Vegas Hennesey's was kind enough or naive enough to host the Las Vegas Hash House Harrier's annual Red Dress Run.  The beer was fine, the food was even better, and the staff had nary a twig up their ass as 120 revererls clad in their sweaty red finest danced to the band and entertained the other customers.The next day, I saw that  the menu looked vaguely familiar... and yep,  Carlsbad's craptacular Hennessey's was listed on it.  But what's Vegas' secret ingredient that makes their food so much better?  A touch of cigarette smoke?  A hint of despair?  How did their staff get so damn friendly?  And where are all the "security" guys?Viva, Las Vegas Hennessey's.  BTW, your Carlsbad sister can still kiss my butt.
4	As good as it gets on Freemont Street!  Cold beer, loud music, greasy food...exactly what you would expect from gold ole' tacky downtown Vegas!  I have to admit after a few pints of beer the food does taste better and the dim lights make everybody look more attractive.  The onions rings were so good we actually fought over the last remaing pieces.  Not a bad house band.  We sat in a booth in between the band and the bathrooms so it was pretty loud once the music got going.  A good place to chow down and hang out in between hitting the tables at the nearby casinos.
5	I've been to Hennessey's on Freemont Street several times, and each time has been a blast.First off, it's fun to people watch.  Vegas tourism (and even the locals) bring out some colorful characters, and with the outdoor seating, you get a front row view of the best (or worst) humanity has to offer.The beers are good, the mixed drinks are good, and even their food is good (they make a mean corned beef on St. Patty's).  They sometimes have Irish bands play, and the enthusiasm makes a night of drinking with friends all the more merry.  They even have a mechanical bull, for crying out loud.  Is that "hardcore bar", or what?But the real highlight is Sandra, a server that I always see every time I go these.  That girl is super cool, funny as everything, and greets me with a hug every time I see her.  She's always busy, but never so much so that she doesn't do top notch service or joke around.  She's a class act.Even though Freemont Street is more the touristy fare, they have some great bars and service down there, and Hennessey's is one of them.  Check it out for some non-pretentious fun and weird people watching.
1	Mikkie Finnz's sister bar next door. The food is almost as horrible.  The fish and chips suck and so does the whole menu. DO not eat here.
4	Love the layout here and the band that was performing the night I was there ( a wednesday, btw) was kick-ass.Not alot of people there but it was not at all empty - which I love, seriously.I recommend getting a restaurant.com certificate and geeting appetizers and beers for a fun casual evening. Cool, very cool.
4	Pretty Cool Pub! Right at the end of the Fremont experience you'll find this Irish Pub at the corner. Our group stumbled into this place and kicked backed while watching an Irish live band. People were dancing to Irish folk music, the beer was flowing. I think my favorite is when they did covers of the devil went down to Georgia, and they covered pink Floyd, we don't need no education. It was awesome, they put their Irish Roots into the covers with fiddles and tambourines, very cool. Everyone in the pub was in good spirits. Only downfall was the drinks were a little pricey for shots and beers, compared to the specials down the strip. And a few of our souvenir cups where quickly picked up by wait staff and thrown away when we weren't looking. But all and all we had a nice time hanging out here..
2	We were there on a Friday night. Took 10 minutes at least to get the waitress over to our table, and the place was more or less empty. The beers were expensive for a pub, and the food was lackluster to say the least. Not horrible, but a serious MEH.
1	Wow...we came to this place by accident -- well my friend's husband wants to see their largest pint advertisement and it was huge, but that's about it.There was live music playing, sound system wasn't the greatest so it was really really really loud. Be careful with your eardrums! I got my usual drink - a long island and man, they messed it up! They put a whole chunk of tequila instead of balancing it with rum, vodka, and gin! It was nasty. The boy got a cider and that too was eh. Overall, definitely a locals only bar...
4	I was so hungry running around vegas with my friend and we were downtown and to be honest there isnt alot worth stopping for downtown in fact I have no idea why we were freakin there....but thank goodness Hennessey's is there. ..I always get the fish and chips..and match it up with a beer or a whisky sour....and seriously it was a friday around 3pm and it was still kinda happenin in there..They set me up properly...Love this place will hit it up when I make it back to vegas.
3	I REALLY wanted to like this place; it was going to be my light at the end of the Fremont proverbial tunnel. After St. Patty's Day and many hours of watching college basketball, I was having trouble picking a drink that sounded good to me.  I decided Guinness was just what I needed. We walked down to the end of Fremont Street and sat down on the patio at Hennessey's.  It was about 4:00 on a Friday afternoon.  We had a few more people joining us so we asked a server if we could move some tables together.  She said yes, walked inside and never came back.  After about 5-7 minutes of chatting, we walked to the door and asked another server if there was anyone helping the patio or if we should go to the bar.  She replied that someone would help us.  After another few minutes, we went to the bar.  Even there, the service was pretty slow. Bummer.The patio was nice, but that had more to do with the weather than the restaurant. Jameson tasters were fun for the boy as he loves his Irish Whiskey.  Didn't get to try the food, we didn't want to wait any longer for a server or deal with the bartender.  That, and our friend dropped his new phone in the huge cup of Guinness, so we had to go back to our hotel to bust out the hair dryer.  Double Bummer.  Such potential. This review should really be two stars based on this one experience, however I'm not giving up yet.  I will go back again to give it another try and I consider myself an optimistic realist, so I'll give it three stars.
4	My favorite pub in Vegas. Good food and good beer. I recomend the Irish Nachos. It's a great location just off the main drag in downtown Vegas. Tbs place is now a must go when ever I'm in Vegas.
2	Its an ok place.  Nothing to distinguish it from hundreds of other "irish pubs".  They do a lot of toursit business and it seems that tourists aren't all that picky.  They carry no ciders and use American pint glases.
4	Great place to take the kids and mom and dad have a pint...when a band isn't playing. They valid parking at Fremont Street Garage.
2	Two things keep me coming back to this place: 2 for 1 burgers on Tuesday at lunch and the staff,  Hennessey's is one of the few real bars in downtown Vegas -- which is casino-centered.  It sells itself as an Irish Pub, but comes off with more of a Bennigan's vibe.  The prices are pretty steep for the mediocre quality of the food, but cut those prices in half for 2 for 1 burgers and its worth a visit.  Beyond that, the only real reason to visit is to catch sports on a big screen tv outside of a Fremont Street casino.The customer service is pretty solid and the servers do a good job keeping the customers happy.
4	We were visiting Freemont and doing the tourist thing when we needed a bite to eat.  Rather than one of the many expensive restaurants we've already visited, we chose Hennessey's to get away from that.  It was reasonably priced and good food.  We shared the fish and chips (really good and beer battered) and the Reuben (not perfect, but good corned beef).Despite the crowd on the street, it was not really busy - which is a shame, because the places in the casinos are either much more expensive or not as good food.  It helped that our waitress was very nice and attentive.I definitely recommend it.
3	Loved the shepherd's pie.  Waitress was good and attentive.  I love Irish bars.  I think it's best place I have gone to for a place on Fremont Street.
4	This place is great...  A buddy and I had a wonderful experience at Hennessey's.  We had a waitress named Nikki and she was absolutely amazing.  This girl was just hilarious AND we were grateful that she was knowledgeable about the menu... helping us vegetarians navigate it with ease.   She was beautiful, sure, but she was SUPER witty... which was a relief after the rather dull service we had gotten throughout Vegas earlier in the week.  I'm telling you, if you go to Hennessey's and you get Nikki as your waitress (whether you're a boy or a girl), your experience will be elevated!I had a veggie burger and fries... not bad.  Food and drinks were quite inexpensive.  The meal was followed by a shot with our waitress.  My only criticism of the place is the surprise I had to see a bathroom attendant in the bathroom.  I've dealt with restroom attendants a few dozen times but it just seemed strange to have one in a Irish bar in Vegas.
2	Ate here because nothing else was open. Buffalo wings way to salty. Ribs were aight.
3	I can't understand why places like this don't have better happy hour specials, or better hours.  I found myself taking advantage of the nice Samuel Adams Oktoberfest mug deal (more beer for same price I guess) but Guinness and others were a premium price.  I don't think I'm being stingy - Fremont is normally known for better bargains, for thrifty vacationers like myself.  As I noticed the huge Bass Ale light sign outside when leaving I really felt like a tourist who got suckered.  Oh well.  At least my server was pleasant.
3	Needed a burger and a drink.  Colleague and I walked in on Tuesday night and took advantage of their 2 for 1 burgers.  My burger was exceptional.  Bluecheese Burger on fresh potato roll.  It rocked.  They serve there burgers with a pickle and on potato chips.  Definitely not a fan of this and would have preferred some other option.Guiness on tap.  Couldn't have asked for much more.  Service was good and the waitresses were engaging as we discussed local and national politics.  (Election night)A repeat if I am in the area.
2	Conflicted on this one. Awesome bluecheese burger. Service should have been more responsive and personable. We ate here in November. We started out next door at Mickie Finnz where we sat for 15 minutes without being acknowledged by any of the staff. So admittedly we were miffed when we got up and went over to Hennesseys. We got a seat outside on the deck, which is a pleasant spot for a burger and beer right on revitalized Fremont East. Unfortunately, we sat there for another 10 minutes before anyone bothered to stop at our table. WTF ... the wait staff there repeatedly walked past our table without stopping, just like the other place! The joint was not busy and I was pissed. But eventually I was able to sip on a Guinness draft as I tried to chill my ass out. The Guinness helped for the most part, though I was not pleased with the level of service we received throughout the meal. Our waitress simply was not personable and provided only minimal service. I am confused because of all of the positive reviews posted here on the personable service. Perhaps it was a bad night for our waitress. Anyway I only tipped 10% that night. I do not remember ever tipping anyone less than 15%. However, the food was pretty good. My wife enjoyed the fish-n-chips, which had a decent fish to batter ratio, though we both agreed the bluecheese burger was great. Probably the best bluecheese burger I've had. We might go back, but we might not either. There are many other choices out there.
2	i did not eat anything just beer and the beer prices and the place was good. One thing though Do not order a martini style drinks in multiple shots. A friend ordered 5 Washington red Apple shots which are also a martini on the menu. So we got 5 of those and they were served in Double shot glasses half full or third full which is about a ounce a shot. Obviously the bartender thought were were dumb when making these and charged us the $9.50 a piece 3 oz martini price. So, most likely won't return because of this. But, maybe I will return if I happen to be in Fremont. ***note to bartenders*** fuck somebody on a drink and like you don't get a tip.  Amazing concept I know.
3	My honey and I decided to wander Fremont street this last Friday to see if we could find a chill place to hang out with fun live music.  We walked up and down Fremont Street to see what was hoppin and nothing was really what we were looking for.  There was the piano bar "Dont tell Mama" that we had been thinking about trying and a comedy show at "Beauty Bar", the chill vibe with Juke tunes at the "Griffin" but nothing that really struck our mood.  We completely missed this place on our first round as bar next door had their music (journey and the like) pumpin' out into the street.  We stopped right in front of Hennessy's to debate what we were going to do and then we SAW the band inside and realized that we were standing right in front of an Irish Pub.  Can't go to wrong with that, right?  So we decided to go on in and check it out.  We took a seat at a table by the stage and each ordered a Guinness.  The band "Darby O'Gill and the Little People" were playing and bantering back and forth.  SO MUCH FUN!  They made the evening. Great musicianship, great vocals, fun banter and a great mix of music... everything from Flogging Molly and Dropkick Murphy's to Jeff Buckley, Neil Diamond and Fleetwood Mac.The service was decent, prices were decent, the place was clean but there were no hand towels in the restroom all night long.  That was kind of a bummer.  All in all I will definitely go back and on a Friday night as I hear that same band has a regular gig there. Great way to spend a low key Friday Night.
3	I've actually only been here for the 2 for 1 burgers on Tuesdays when co-workers have wanted to go.  I've tried the Bama Burger, which comes with chicken strips and cole slaw on top, and the Roast Beef Burger.  Both are ok.  Extremely messy, though.  I usually eat these burgers with a fork and knife.One of my pet peeves is that they serve the burgers with potato chips instead of fries.  You need to pay extra to get fries.  I'm not a big fan of potato chips, so I usually don't touch them.  Last time I asked about the fries and the server confirmed I would have to buy them separately.  Since no one else in my party wanted fries, I passed.  When I got my burger, there were two french fries on top.  Cute and creepy at the same time.  No one else got two token fries on their burger. Service is good in my experience.  They keep up with the drink refills and the food comes out pretty quick.  There are just better food options downtown for me.
3	A good place to stop on St. Paddys day or on First Friday.
5	I've been here twice. The service both times was friendly although a bit slow (it's always been on a busy weekend night). I most recently stumbled in here with a small bachelorette party and not only did the staff (and the other customers) treat the bachelorette like a queen, the band was extremely attentive as well. They repeatedly did lewd renditions of songs in honor of my friend (she loved the attention) and even attempted her request (Sexyback). The food was good (I love the corned beef), everyone was friendly, and we had a blast. I will definitely be back anytime I end up on Fremont Street!
4	I walked in with 5 bucks, put it the video blackjack at the bar, and got a free beer for playing...ok...nice start...Win 75 bucks and cash out with bartender.  Used the money to pay for food ordered...Nice club sandy and a caprese sandwich that was just fine.  Bartender and server were particularly cool, but I have no names...With cash in hand and food in belly plus several beers down for free, I walked out of this place a winner...
4	I've been to Hennessey's on a number of occasions. More often than not I go here to simply drink and that's about it. I have never been here when they have had live bands, but I would like to go. I have heard they often cover some good Irish punk rock stuff (Dropkick Murphys, The Pogues, etc.)I have never sat at a table, so I cannot comment on their servers. I've always headed straight for the bar, even if I was planning to eat. Whenever I have been I have had an easy time finding a spot at the bar and I've never had an issue getting a bartender to come quickly up to me in an acceptable amount of time. Last time I was in here was for the "start" of my birthday downtown. I ordered a Jameson & Ginger, and thus the whiskey started flowing. After two J&G's I had a straight shot of Jameson. The bartender then realized it was my birthday and poured me a second (very heavy) FREE shot. So I was introduced to their Jameson Century Club. Have 100 shots of Jameson and you get your name on a plaque on the wall (and a bottle of Jameson). I now have 6 stamps on my card. Guess I'll be back for more!I'm biased because I like Irish pubs right off the bat. I'm Irish and I love whiskey. I like Irish things and Irish songs and well... you get the idea. The fact that Hennessey's is downtown is also a plus. The food I think is simply bar food. There is nothing great or spectacular about it. From recent memory I have had their buffalo style chicken tenders (okee dokee, nothing fantastic) and I've had their French Dip (I think it's called something else though), but that sandwich was very tasty.All in all, love Hennessey's. Will always go back.
2	Came here to watch a buddy play drums in his band.  Ordered a Coors Light.  Thought it tasted a little "shoe polishy" and stale.  Turned out the date on the bittle was 2.5 years old!  Yikes I guess they don't sell much Coors there.I didn't eat any food there.  Thank god.
4	Going to tear it up on Fremont East? Then I suggest you start by carboloading at Hennesey's. On the opposite side of Las Vegas Blvd, Hennesey's is your last stop for decent bar food if you're crossing over to the land of hipsters, live music and dive bars.The bartenders here are nice and hold a special place in my heart after serving me a black and tan in a brandy snifter (if you can name the Beastie Boys song that line came from we should definitely be friends) on my birthday last year. It was a silly request, but the bartender didn't blink and did exactly what I asked, no questions asked.The food is typical bar food-burgers, chicken fingers, an interesting variety of salads, wraps, etc. They have daily deals, one being a buy one get one free burger day (which I believe is Tuesday) that I've yet to try out, but am hoping to fill the hole in my heart that the sudden disappearance of Bar Louie and their Tuesday $1 burgers left me with. I've only eaten at the bar and my only complaint about the whole place is the bar isn't designed for eating as the edge of it is awkwardly raised which is a nice design if you're just standing there having a drink. However if you're eating, you can't pull your plate all the way up to you and I feel like everything is just too far away from me. I continue to sit at the bar though because I like the quick access to the liquor.What I do love is that the restaurant has Cholula hot sauce. If you know me, you know I put Cholula on everything and upon discovering this during my last visit to Hennesey's I think I scared the bartender with my over enthusiasm. What can I say? I love me some Cholula. I also love the heavy pour, chill atmosphere and nice staff. I enjoy patio dining which Hennesey's has and can guarantee they have the best of the best people watching which for me drives up the value of any establishment. If you're coming with a group, they have ample seating and space and a banquet room if you're ever putting together a special occasion and think, hey I want my gathering to be in a non-trashy place on Fremont that serves decent food. !Hennesey's supports the local artist with live music, and even though I haven't been there late enough to see any of the acts I can appreciate that. All in all, a great pre or post drinking stop!
4	Hurray for Hennessey's! I just love this place. It's always a great start to an evening of fun on Fremont East. I hit it up last night because they are offering 50% off appetizers if you check in on Yelp on your phone. Sweet deal, right?I got the Irish Nachos. Yum! I liked them. They're thinly sliced potatoes (not potato chips), covered in cheese, green onions, and bacon, plus a very generous dollop of sour cream. I was craving Irish Nachos so bad so this was a nice little calorie-fest for me. Believe me, these things are not healthy!The bartenders here are awesome and they take the time to remember people who show up to the bar regularly. Bartender also recommended to me a very tasty beer - Boddington's. It's a creamy English beer that is very smooth and very different. Also knocked another Jameson off my card - so one more shot closer to my own plaque on the wall! ;)Oh, and my reviews are based off of eating AT THE BAR. Just want to make that clear. I've never sat in the restaurant part of this place.
5	Good food, good drinks, reasonable prices. Definitely a great place to start the night!I highly recommend their gourmet burger and huge margarita! The Irish nachos are a must-try as well.The waitress we had was super cool, too. She did a great job and it was really nice of her to let my wife keep the large margarita glass as a souvenir. We were humbled and very grateful for the gift.If I ever go to Vegas again, this is definitely a place I'd go to again without question.
4	We were tired. We were hungover. We needed to get out of the sun. Our waitress was friendly, and what we tried from the menu was absolutely delicious. I wish I had enough room for a corned beef burger. Damn. Next time.
2	Definitely inconsistent. The bartender and the manager were both SUPER nice and since I just wanted To Go, told me to head to the bar (I'd been sitting five minutes and the three waitresses milling around doing nothing had ignored me). I went to the bar, was told by a server to move and then 30 seconds later found out that this server would be taking my order. Without remorse, she rang me up, asked me if I wanted my change, and then complained to the bartender that she needed to give me change... IN FRONT OF ME. When the food came out, she practically tossed the box at me and of course, it was the WRONG ORDER. Might come back, might not. But if I do, you better believe I'm having a chat with the manager.
2	the food was pretty good, but we wanted to take advantage of the check in offer of 1/2 off an appetizer and when i showed the waitress she went 'WHAT IS THAT!??!?!' all amazed and confused about the mysterious yelp.now i'm not about to fight someone over a $5 discount, but she didn't even bother to ask the manager or another server. so that part was lame.   the next day we needed to break a $20 to get on the bus so we stopped in here and the same server gave my bf sh** about breaking the bill and guilt tripped him for not buying anything.  seriously? seriously. rude. no thanks.
3	Oh dear, I certainly hope my next visit to Hennessey's will be bumped up to the normal 4-Star Rating I expect. I went to HT last night to partake of their 2-4-1 burger night (it's on Tuesdays). *sigh* I was disappointed. First off I ordered the Normal run-o-the-mill burger while my friend ordered one of the corn-beef hash burgers. My burger was NOT GOOD. I ordered it medium well, it came out WELL DONE, like super well done. Who wants to eat a dried up, over cooked burger? Not me. I asked for the Irish cheese, well when the burger came out the cheese was practically non-existent and it was just seared into the burger. I suspect a chef was not paying attention to this burger and just let it cook forever. I suspect this especially because it took quite awhile for our food to come out and the place was NOT busy. Another complaint: the burger came with ONE measly lettuce leaf and ONE slice of thin tomato! Well I guess they're trying to save money on the burgers because they're doing a 2-4-1 special? Guess what Hennessey's? It's not cool to offer a special deal and then skimp on the burger and turn it into a piece-o-crap that no one wants to eat! It is a good thing I got the Truffle Fries as an appetizer with the 50% off deal you can get by checking in on Yelp, otherwise I would have been really unhappy. But even the truffle fries were not my favorite as they were just covered in garlic. However, I enjoyed them over the burger.The bartender here was nice and congenial, but the food ruined it for me. I will be back, but not for burger night and I definitely will not be ordering a burger from here ever again. Burger blacklisted!
3	Hennessey's is improving.  I'm still only a regular for the 2 for 1 burgers, but they're getting better with the burger flavors.  I'm still sure that the burger meat is coming from a frozen patty, but they've been adding a little spice and flavor to the burger options.I had the Southwest burger last time and they put some kick into the burger.  Some nice jalapenos and pepper jack cheese as toppings.  I'm absolutely a fan of that burger.  And they've chosen tastier buns--they've stepped up and are using a nice, fresh sourdough.  The chips that come standard with the burgers are also a little more rustic and flavorful.  Not bad.  The pub food's becoming downright worthwhile.
5	Okay, considering that last visit was a blip on the radar because this past visit was perfect. Service was fast, friendly, and efficient. Food was wonderful. My friend and I split the calamari (not sure why we ordered that at a PUB but it was good and the variety of dipping sauces was nice), the prime dip (big enough for both of us to split), and the bread pudding (yum). My friend had a drink which was a $5 special for the Super Hero Pub Crawl (and we were dressed like Cat Woman and Wonder Woman so we got the special). Our server checked on us frequently and brought us everything we requested within seconds. Great experience and I will be back again VERY soon!
5	So happy I experienced this place! I crutched about a mile to get here but it was well worth it. It's a nice locals hang out that lets you see a glimpse into the real behind the scenes Vegas.The food and drinks were good, but this place is all about the atmosphere. It's a bit far away from the glitz and glamor of Vegas but depending on the type of person you are, it is a perfect place to get away from all of that. As for the food get the homemade chips! Do it! You're in Vegas indulge! The pancakes were pretty phenomenal too! The drinks were pretty reasonable and we got to enjoy a live band while slugging them back. Overall a really awesome place to get back to normality! Oh and the staff is pretty awesome too, but not as cool as the costumers! Thanks for some of the best memories I have of Vegas!
4	Pretty quick service & friendly wait staff. The burgers are huge & my friend could only eat half of it & her fries. I had the bacon.& french toast which was pretty good (breakfast is served all day). Mid week lunch crowd is pretty light.
3	Starving, tipsy and needing a place to rest my sore tootsies, I headed to Hennessey's with my group last night. In costume, I might add. We located a spot on the patio for the best spot to people watch. Service was friendly, albeit incredibly SLOW given how not so busy the place was. Drink orders were mixed up and our large order of french fries took about 45 minutes to come out. Great location and typically when I come the service is much better, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt that the Halloween crowd slowed them down a bit. Definitely a good little place to take a seat and rest with a beverage or some pub grub while you're downtown. People watching from the patio is a plus!
2	After a long night of drinking, doing the Time Warp (of which I was the ONLY one to have seen the movie -- I KNOW!), and looking at stupid/drunk Halloween revellers, our night wound up taking us to Hennessey's. Wanting to enjoy peoplewatching, we sat out on the patio. Our group, as one might guess, consisted of a boxer (me), a bee, a knight, a greek goddess, a beer frau, a Mormon missionary, Smurfette, a pirate wench, a gypsy woman, and a cowboy. Obviously.We sat down, waiting for our server.And waited.And waited.And double-checked inside, considering for Halloween it was pretty slow and the cover band wasn't that good.And waited.Finally coming out was our zombie waitress, who for her part was quite apologetic, saying floor plans had been changed and she had not been notified. We gave our drink orders, and BEE-lite Emily split a basket of fries with me.And we waited.And waited.Then another waitress came out and tried to take our drink order. We were quizzical. If this is a Halloween prank I don't enjoy it! I put my drink order in again, but then Good Sir Hector said that we had already put in our orders and were waiting for them.And we continued waiting.Then my drink order came out from the pirate waitress, separate from everyone else. I settled the tab, puzzled.Then our full drink order came out with my order repeated. I sure as hell am not going to pay for them again! Our fries were pretty blah too.From all the reviews I've been reading this is a pretty good place on Fremont Street, but it wasn't a very good first impression from me.
1	AVOID AT ALL COSTS! VACATION KILLER! We came here during our most recent vacation and were very excited to try the "World's Largest Pint Glass." (Turns out it's half the price on Monday happy hour so we decided to grab lunch and come back later). Looking for something simple because we were going to be walking around, I ordered the Grilled Cheese and Soup. My boyfriend ordered the French Dip. When it arrived, he took one bite and immediately sent it back. (Keep in mind, we have been dating over a YEAR and he has never sent a meal back.)  Because we were on a schedule, we decided just to split my meal and get something later. After we had paid, the manager came by and asked if there was anything they could do about the sandwich. (Having worked in a restaurant, I know if he sincerely wanted to help us, he would have come by during the half hour we shared a small sandwich and cup of soup.) A FEW HOURS LATER BOTH MY BOYFRIEND AND I WERE VIOLENTLY ILL for the remainder of the evening.  We miss the show we bought tickets for, took turns taking over the bathroom and miss out on an entire night in Vegas. Don't make our mistake. Hennessey's is a disaster and the only thing I'll ever want from them again is a refund on my trip.
2	Only been here a few times, but each time I have had to wait at least 10, if not 20+ minutes for a drink.  And it doesn't seem to matter if it's early evening outside on a 1/2 empty patio or inside at the bar on St. Patrick's Day.  The last time we were outside on the patio, which was about 3/4 full after work, happy hour-ish, and it took 20 minutes before a waitress even acknowledged us, another 5 before she came back to take our order (3 beers and 2 shots), and a good 15 or so before the drinks came out.  We contemplated getting the order in for the second round when she delivered the first one but thought "nah, how bad could it be?".  Well, the drinks were drained and we sat for another 10 minutes after that before she came back by to see if we wanted more, and then it was seriously 10 after that before they were delivered.  So, we had been there an hour and hadn't even had the opportunity to get two rounds of drinks consumed.  (And they were just not that busy and not that understaffed.  The entire indoors was empty and there were hosts/hostesses/waitstaff standing around chatting in the doorway.)There are so many better options out there.
3	I've been here twice. One outing was a 5-star rating, the other a 1 star. I'm splitting the difference here.Day 1: Great server, good drinks (the mimosa is laughable small, get a bloody mary), that never emptied and REALLY great breakfast food. I couldn't have asked for more (except, a larger mimosa).Day 2: Different server. Took 15 min at least to get our order. No water refills. No coffee refills. Would have gotten an alcoholic beverage, but was so annoyed I didn't order one. It took over an hour to get our food (was kinda busy, I could have let that go IF I had a beverage of any sort). Our server would say, "I'll be right back to refill your coffee and water," but she didn't come back until it was time to drop off the bill. We were not pleased. All that being said though, the breakfast food was still awesome (though luke warm before she could be bothered to bring it to us). No hot sauce. As it was 1.5 hours into our bite to eat, I wasn't going to wait to flag down the invisible woman.
1	Just got back from this place and it was mediocre at best.  While we were greeted quickly and our drink orders were taken in a reasonable amount of time, it took almost 15 minutes to get our two draft beers.  We should have taken that as a sign and left then but decided to order.  Over 20 minutes later we finally had our burger and sandwich.  The kicker was they were not even busy on this Sunday night and no explanation was ever offered as to why things were taking so long.To top it off, the food was simply OK.  We should have bypassed this place and gone down to the Triple 7 for some good food.
1	We love Hennessey's.  Been to several in SoCal.  I was really looking forward to lunch there.  Our beer order was taken within minutes.  A different waitress introduced herself and confirmed our order about five minutes after that but she had the order backwards.  A few minutes later our drinks were poured and set up at the waiters station to be delivered.  That's as far as the got.  We watched our beers get warm and flat for easily ten minutes and no one brought them to us.  I felt that we became invisible.  Our food order was never taken.  We saw another couple sit and leave because no one even talked to them.  The restaurant was not crowded and there were several employees there. Our drinks didn't come so we left.
1	Trust me, pass this place up! It may be good for night life since it looked a bit worn, but not for lunch.  I was visiting Vegas with my Mom and we found ourselves starving and having to tinkle after our long bus ride.  Hennessey's was the first place we hit so we used the bathroom and grabbed a table.  It took a while to get a server but she was friendly enough when she showed up.  We ordered drinks and we each ordered a burger.  She asked if we wanted to share a burger because they are so big.  We decided to share upon her recommendation. We didn't want to spoil our dinner plans for later.  No lie- It took over an hour for our med. burger.  I think the server forgot to put it in because she came up and apologized for the long wait 45mins or so in.  When our food came, the half/burger was not only tiny but way over cooked. It was dry!  We were emergency starving so we ate the nasty burger and asked for our check.  I would have sent it back but was afraid on how much longer it would take and we wanted to enjoy our Fremont Street experience.
2	I've been here a few times thanks to the relative convenience of just being a short walk away from work.  The food here is decent, the portobello burger is actually interesting, the mini burgers are not bad, and the regular burger doesn't have much flavor to it.  The issue here is of course the service.  It just takes way too long to receive your drinks, receive your appetizer, receive your entree, to receive your check and even to get your card back.  It would be understandable if it was during a busy night where the tables were full and the servers were running everywhere, the only problem is every time I've been here it's usually nearly empty and somehow the employees still seem to disappear.The one thing it does have going for it however is its location right at the edge of the Freemont Street Experience.  So if you want to sit on the outside area and just relax and people watch, it can be enjoyable.  Avoid eating here though if you're any sort of time constraint though.  Although I'll admit, I kind of want to have that portobello burger again.
4	If I were a leprechaun, me lucky charms would be a beer and some whiskey!!I'm as Irish as a Shamrock Shake (and just as awesome) but I feel my most Irish in March.  It's the perfect time of year, combining March Madness and a general acceptance to be a goofy lush in public.  The decor is very Irish-pub-esque, with lots of dark greens, brass, and wood.  I came here with a friend for some beers, and was happy to see Smithwicks (pronounced smith-ix) on tap.  It's a wonderful, amber colored beer with much lighter flavor notes than its color would suggest.  We sat outside near the heaters, enjoyed the scenery, as downtown is THE spot to people watch, and sipped our beers with style.  The waitresses were friendly, tattooed, and pretty.  This is a solid spot to grab a pint, and get in touch with your Irish side.  Slainte!
3	I have been there a few times, but most recently on St Patrick's Day.  It's downtown so there were a lot of tourists having a good time.  It was a very lively crowd. The service from our waitress was really good.  The service from the bar  --- ehhh.The drinks were kinda weak.  8 bucks for a call liquor in a plastic cup at a downtown bar kinda rubs me the wrong way.  I want to taste the booze not the mixer.  Ya feel me...
4	This was a surprise! Our first visit to Fremont Street and we needed something in our system before we started our drinking binge so we stopped at the first place we saw. It looked cool and Yelp stars helped. My friend, husband, and I all ordered our drinks and then decided on Irish Nachos just a quick bite. Man were we surprised!First...my Bloody Mary was DELISH!!!! My husband and friend ordered the Seasonal brew of Sam Adams and they were pleased. My friend got the HUGE GLASS of beer with the take home glass which was pretty awesome! She was feeling good after that.Then our nachos came out and they were so yummy on homemade chips which were perfect! It was such a great snack for three people set out on there Vegas drinking adventure. I had 2 Bloody Marys and then we ordered some more fried food - the truffle fries and they were really good!Since this was our first stop we decided to just stop there, but we LOVED all of it. The waitress was super nice and cute too. :) And the Atmosphere was chill. We will be back to visit when in the neighborhood.
5	AMAZING!! the food was SO GOOD - we ordered the buffalo wings - really good, we also ordered (tues buy one get one free burgers - NICE) bavarian burger and cornbeef burger - both GOOD!!the husband drank the beer in the worlds largest pint - take your time, enjoy your beer, have fun.... our server was emily - ask for her she is AMAZINGLY AWESOME!! love LOVE her.... tell her we sent you :)oh and you have to eat outside :)
5	We had a huge party come in during happy hour and they were INCREDIBLE. We took up almost the entire outside seating and kept moving tables and chairs. They split everyone's checks and made is so much simpler. They were awesome at recommending different drinks and appetizers. It was my very first happy hour in Vegas and I absolutely enjoyed myself!
3	My wife and I came here with my brother and his wife.  Either of us has been to Freemont Street in years. We spent a good portion over at the Arcade further down and decided to stop here for a meal.  The beer list was nice, they had baby Guinness shots which were fun, especially if girls do not like beer.  The food was sub par for me.  We tried a variety of menu items.  You are in Vegas so there are A LOT of places to eat. If you want a quick, somewhat cheap bite and some beers this is a fun place to come.  The waitress was awesome. She was very energetic and helped with the drink selections.  The best part was that they had trivia night when we were there. It is free to play which is a plus. It definitely keeps you at the bar for a couple hours to spend some more on drinks.  We sat outside so it was nice to people watch, talk, and try our hand at trivia.  Not sure if I would come back ONLY because we do not spend time at Freemont anymore. All in all it was a good time.
1	Stopped by for a beer, during happy hour.  Got the medium size.  $6.75.Thank gawd I was there during happy hour.Overpriced, won't be back.
3	I was walking by after leaving anoher bar and saw that this place had appetizers for half price.  We decided to check it out.  We sat upstairs and the place was empty with only two tables with a couple people.  It took a long time for our server to come around and take our order for it being not busy.I ordered the margarita and hubby ordered the blue moon.  For food we got the hummus and chicken tenders with buffalo sauce and ranch.  The drinks came back pretty quick along with the food.  My margarita was good, but why not in a margarita glass?  It was in a regular glass, which I thought was wierd.We then ordered the crab cake sliders, which were not good at all.  My hubby is not a picky eater and he didn't even like them...way too salty!  Don't order these! The decor is nice and the music was good.  I liked the live guitar player/singer.  He had a great voice and provided good entertainment for the night.Oh yea, the server did come over to chat with us and was really nice.  It just took a while to come around when we first arrived, but the rest of the night service was good.
2	It's a bit overpriced and loud.. I'm irish.. well half.. I think the thing that annoyed me the most here.. I came here thinking it was an irish pub. No irish music.. no irish bands.. no irish feel.. As a local why would I go to freemont street (besides to buy drugs and get a fix on street walkers) jk.. I'm straight edge. The food wasn't stand-out-ish.. Just meh. I won't come back. Customer service was good from the servers.. not to great from the bartenders.
3	Average burger , salad, beer/bar joint.
5	So I loved this dirty little Irish Bar. Please open one up in Town Square or somewhere like South Point or the M casino??????  I need a Bar-Bar that's all about getting drunk!They have $4 Boody Mary's on Sunday's & they were very good. They have Veggie friendly meals too, my friend is a veggie and she was ubber excited about their Earth sandwich with pineapple on it. Can beer in a brown bag with a shot $5, hellz yeah. That's awesome.They have TV's, they have a fireplace, they have sports on the TV's, the place is really really clean, they have a setup for live music.  What more could you want out of a bar???  OK maybe some Led Zep, Boston, and Jimmy on the tunes--THEY GOT THAT!OK maybe food!!!  Burgers & Fries [there's at least 10 burgers on the menu], Chicken Fingers, Fish 'n Chips, & Shepard's Pie. Breakfast, Lunch, AND Dinner!  hoo-rayThere you go!!! Now go drink!
3	So, I'd been dragging this restaurant.com certificate for Hennessey's to Vegas for the last couple of years.  Yes, seriously.  Finally, I had an opportunity to make use of it since we had the parents with us (darn those must spend $50 ones!).  We were doing a late lunch downtown after our visit to the Mob Museum and so we wandered in to the World's Largest Pint Glass in the afternoon.  The place was completely dead.  I'm pretty sure we were the only ones in there with exception of the bartenders and waitress.  SCARY!We picked out a giant booth and started checking out the menus.  Our waitress came over right away to get our drink order and answer questions.  Once the drinks were in hand, we ordered our lunch.  Dad got fish and chips and mom got a club sandwich.  The husband, as usual, got buffalo chicken wings and I ordered the mushroom swiss burger.  The food came out quickly and everything was tasting great.  The only exception was that my mom said the club sandwich was boring.  I loved my burger and that it came with house made kettle chips.  Much better than french fries!  Yea!  Our server was very attentive and kept our drinks refilled.  Even my dad, who is very picky about service was really happy with the waitress.  He even complimented her personally.The ambiance was Irish pub, kind of dark and Irish music playing.  It was okay.Overall the food was good, prices were okay, and service was good.  The diet coke was weird tasting.  It was a decent place to eat and I would eat there again, but I probably wouldn't go out of my way to eat there or recommend it.WHAT CAN THEY DO TO GET FIVE STARS?Tough one.  ~It's kind of dark and old in there, so updates, of course.~Elevate the food to the prices or maybe bring the prices down just a bit.~Overall ambiance just wasn't there.  The Irish music was okay, but since nothing was really going on, it was a little weird.  Maybe it would be different at night?~The husband suggests a stall door that latches closed in the men's room.  haha
1	I've been there with my friends and we are local. It was a nightmare. Restaurants was not even crowded but waitress took forever to show up, to bring stuff, she would forget half. Glasses and plates look so dirty I didn't even want to eat there, yikes. Dirty, pricey and not fun at all. And food is just ok. I will not go back there!
4	Hennessey's is cool Irish bar to hang out and have a few.I came here to watch our friend sing with a band that was performing. Hennessey's has two levels and outside seating to watch all the crazies walk by. I did get to sample Salt and Vinegar chips,Onion Rings/Fries, Chicken Quesadilla and Deep Fried Calamari. All the dishes were very good and made great picking food while downing a few beers. PS. Tuesday is 2 for 1 burger day.Great location to start your night on The Fremont St.
2	Food was good...not great, but good.  However the service was horrible.  We were in a group of 7 on a Saturday night.  It literally took 35 minutes for our drink order to arrive.  The server brought our drinks, and didnt return for 20 minutes to take our food order.  That's right...nearly an hour and we had just ordered our food.  It arrived about 20 minutes later.  So, it took an hour and 15 minutes for us to get our food after we walked in.  Unacceptable.
1	Ok people this is my very first time to write any review. IT WAS THAT BAD!!! Sorry it's kind of long but you will understand.We drove out to Vegas from So Cal for about 5 hours and after we checked in the hotel we were pretty hungry.We looked into the restaurant and it didn't look too busy so we decided to go in.Four of us sat down without any hostess to a large table inside the restaurant. The server came pretty quick and gave us the menus. When she returned we ordered some beers to start off. After we got our beers we ordered right away since by then we were really hungry.We ordered; chicken wings, fried calamari, 2 hamburgers. Pretty standard stuff.So we waited for our food. Looking forward to finally eat!15-20 min went by, the server came and we ordered another beers.Another 15-20 min went by, and now we were really confused by why our food wasn't coming out. Not even the appetizers.As far as we can see we saw 2 other tables that sat down and ordered after us and they got their food. And some of them were almost done eating!!So I went up to the server to ask what's going on (since she was trying to avoid us, pretty sure) and she said, "Sorry we are really busy tonight! Your food is coming out pretty soon!!" with a annoyed attitude. But the restaurant WAS NOT busy. Ya, there were people, but not busy for sure. So finally 45-55 min after we ordered, the fried calamari came out. We looked at it with disbelief! It was SOOOOOOO DRY!! It was gross. You bite into it and you get nothing. They deep fried it too much that it shrunk. We always get calamari whenever we see it on the menu and this is the worst one that I ever got!! So we asked to take it back and take it off the tab.Few min later the chicken wings came out. But same thing, too dry. And you know when you eat chicken wings you get the sauce all over your finger?? Ya, not this one, just really bad fried food. We didn't finish it. BTW, even though they said it was "just made" it was hard cold, not hot/warm at all!!!!Then after another 5-10 min later the hamburgers came out. It came out cold. And didn't even have fries, just some old chips. I work at a restaurant and I know how long each food comes out. Nothing we ordered would take over 30 min. Specially fried food. We should of gone to In-N-Out instead. :(:(:(:(We got the manager to talk to and he gave us the same crap about how "busy" they were. They offered to take 10% off and nothing else to compensate on our worst night ever. Don't lie to your customer, if you forgot to put in the order or the chefs forgot to make the order or you forgot to pick it up to take it out to the customers, just tell them you messed up and do a better job than 10% off to make the customers happier.We were really disappointed and hungry after all.
4	Hennessey's was our spot the last time a friend and I went to Vegas for a getaway. We stumbled in our first night looking for a fun, non-crazy-Fremont-style night and had a fantastic time.. The band, Crown Avenue (http://www.facebook.com/crownavenue?fref=ts)  was hilarious and played great tunes - we ended up sitting with them after their set, cool guys.Next night we know where we're ending up! We walk in for dinner and our waitress is actually from Moorhead, MN! Small world. So we chat it up for a while, Crown Ave. is back and just as good as the night before.This is the place to go for sure if you're looking for a low-key night in Vegas.
2	I was in the Downtown area and was having some drinks over at the old Fitzgerald's which is now "The D" and sitting next to me was a chef that worked at Hennessey's. I told him I was in the mood for a burger and he said that his restaurant has some good ones.So we walked on over for some dinner. We ordered some onion rings that came with Spicy BBQ sauce. I don't know what level of spiciness they were talking about... but it just seemed like plain ol BBQ sauce to us. We would have liked to have a side of Ranch, but the waitress didn't arrive till after we finished them.We put in our main order and it took about 15 minutes to get our food. I asked the waitress what her favorite burger was and she said "The Frisco burger" and my mom ordered "Hennessey's famous burger".When the food came, my burger which was sourdough bread toasted with cheese, was kind of cold and hard. The actual met was hot... it seemed as if the bread was sitting there for awhile. My moms burger came and it was average. I ended up ordering a coke, when she brought it, it was flat. I asked if she could replace it, and she never came back. She ended up apologizing 20 minutes later when she brought the bill that she forgot.All in all this place had decent customer service, and the food was subpar. Go elsewhere.
1	Service- BADFood- WORSE my breakfast plate was sliding around in grease and the egg wasn't fully cooked. Drinks- Most Horrible Mimosa I've ever had! Sent it back and settled for a coffee
4	One random lunch break on Halloween, I was invited to join a huge group of us at work to eat lunch at Hennessey's.  I love visiting places I haven't been to before and so I jumped on this opportunity to enjoy the company of others at work.  This place was your typical Irish looking pub.  Two toned walls, lots of dark wooden panels.  Not really a hip place.  More traditional and older looking but in a great location on Fremont!  For lunch, I got the Hermosa Chicken Salad.  It's a salad filled with mixed greens, tomatoes, feta cheese, shaved carrots, cucumber, fresh strawberries, avocado & toasted pecans, tossed in balsamic vinaigrette.  The chicken was a little dry but everywhere in the salad so I appreciated it better.  I LOVED the fact that this salad had avocados and strawberries.  That flavor combination and the texture combination with the crunchy pecans really made a great salad.  I "slurped" that salad right up and really enjoyed it at the end of the day.  The best part: it was expensed!  Loved it.  I can't complain when the company is great and this lunch was no exception.  I will definitely try to check this place out in a different setting like a late night drink to see how the vibe changes but for now, I'm a fan.
4	I am a sucker for Irish pubs.  We were spending the morning/afternoon on Fremont and the late morning hunger pangs set in.  We searched and searched for a place that was actually open and had the worst luck until we stumbled upon this little gem.  We loved it.  The place was a little rowdy  - it's an Irish tavern - but nothing a few pints can't cure.I will be upfront - I was pretty intoxicated upon stumbling into this place.  Hey - it's Vegas.  However, I recall ordering burgers all around.  I had the turkey burger, and it was quite delicious. Our server was great - she was super sweet, fast, and on the ball.  We had a great lunch experience here.  Definitely a good place to grab some hearty bites and pints on Fremont.
5	I love it! $15 whiskey flights, a super-fun hot staff, and flavorful breakfast to help you start all over again!
4	We stopped in here when we were Downtown to try the zipline. The bartender was friendly and the reuben my husband ate and the sliders I had were quite tasty and filling. I would definitely go back, knowing that it's a friendly place and the food is good. Eat at the bar and gamble and your drinks are comp'd.I love the honor bar with the taps, too!
5	I love this place! Always fun times and an awesome staff chock full of good-time hotties!
1	Would NOT recommend!! Fries stale & replacement kettle chips cold & stale too (w no salt added). Took more than 5 minutes just to get our sodas. Bathroom stalls won't lock. Overall a slow, bad experience. Location is great for watching the crazies on Fremont Street, but this place wouldn't last long in "locals" territory.
1	Terrible service!!!! Waited over an hour for food.. Other customers were leaving cuz it took soooooooo long for anyone to come by for drink orders. Although the waitress was friendly, I don't think I'll be coming back here. Had the buffalo chicken wings & ribs. Food was just ok quality but price was not worth it.
5	Great Bartenders and service.  Be sure to get there for the happy hour.A fun place to start off your night downtown.
4	Been here a handful of times just for a drink.  Today's visit was my first to actually eat something. Just finished the Color Run 5K in DTLV. Because of Hennessey's was open and one of the first stops after the finish line, this place became the post-run hang out.  At least 75% of the guest were covered with orange, blue, yellow, and green.  This tavern is fairly big, but today's seating was limited with the amount of runners/walkers from the Color Run. Service today was just okay, not like the the great service that they usually have. I didn't drink on this visit but got something to eat. My meal was just chicken tenders and fries. I wasn't in the mood for anything heavy and the chicken tenders hit the spot.  Taste is just average. In fact, I think I could have gotten the same thing at Carl's Jr.  However, I'm not complaining. As long as I can eat, I'm a happy camper.  Today was just one of those off days for Hennessey's because of Color Run. I've been here before and the ambiance/service has always been top notch.
4	Ahh Hennesssey's Tavern for one night lived, drank, not just once but twice in the same day. Yay! It was my first time visiting Hennessey's Tavern. Early in the day made stop after the 5K color run with fellow yelpers for some lunch. I just stuck with pint of beer fuel back up. Not the best idea. I earned it run my first 5K no stopping just slow and steady pace. Other yelpers order some sandwiches and chicken strips looked ok nothing too special. I can't speak of the food except it looked plain no wow factor just your basic pub food. The downstairs part had little outdoor seating area which is where our group of yelpers had lunch after the race. Thankfully we were able too find seats because obvious reasons have event downtown any seats are going too be premium. It great spot especially on great day sun out kick back have meal some beers good times with friends. Later that night went back as second stop on the pub crawl for iceacholic birthday party. We went upstairs section. I never knew they even had from earlier in the day. I not sure it was open during the day but then again never knew it was there. Might be only on weekends. They had girls passed out two for one drink tickets for Hennessey. So it made second spot on the pub crawl even better! Only too find only the cheap beers that you could choose from buy one get the second one free. Not the premium beers so never believe the hype that anything FREE in life. One of the best things about the upstairs is it over looks the revamped bar scene in downtown Vegas. You can see Insert Coins and that whole block of downtown. They also have little outdoor area overlooks freemount street. It has nice couch like you would see in any club have small group kick back drinking, talking stories, and good times. Once again I never ordered food so not sure about the food. Just have too trust my fellow yelpers. Sure pub crawling one of the bars make stop at along the way.
3	Right on the corner of Fremont and Las Vegas Blvd.  This place has the makings of a great bar...but sadly, doesn't deliver.  It's located in a great spot downtown, but it just lacks that special something that makes patrons urge for more.  Because there are so many great bars downtown, it's hard for an establishment to remain a frequent stop for locals.  I've eaten here for lunch, attended pub crawls that start off from here and stopped by for after-hour drinks with some colleagues.  And each time I've wondered why I've come back.  Their lunch menu is alight.  They have salads, burgers and sandwiches.  I believe they still have "Two for Tuesdays".  A good deal if you have at least a couple people in your party eating a burger.  It's buy one get one free.  Their Western BBQ burger is pretty decent.  Their beer selection is pretty limited for such a big place.  And the service is not that great, hence the reason for only 3 stars.  It always seems that we get a new waitress that doesn't know the menu, doesn't know what the specials are and takes forever to come back to our table to refill drinks and see if we need anything else.
5	Disclaimer: This review is extremely biased, because we had a large party here, where Elvis, Cher, and Tom Jones impersonators performed for us with an open bar.With that said, I loved Hennessey's.  We had the event catered by them, and surprisingly, the food was extremely high in quality, even though it was sliders (not dry and tender), chicken tenders, tacos, veggies, and other appetizers.  I usually expect those staple foods to be average, but they were exceptional.The bar service was great, too.  Their main bartender Mike, would continually come up with new drinks based on flavors and/or adjectives you gave him.Well done Hennessy's!
1	Awful. No substitutions, even for food allergies, the fried batter of the fish and chips arrived almost black, and the Irish stew was so salty it was literally inedible. They must really love using salt here cuz even the chicken wings were uncomfortably salty.
5	DO NOT SKIP THIS PLACE!!! I was completely pleased by this location on First Friday. It was busy, but not overly crowded. Live music played some 80s hairband type music downstairs which was awesome and upstairs had a mini club with fun dance music.  The drinks were great and the view was nice. I would totally go back! The bar staff was very accommodating and sweet. I don't know if I would go back down to Freemont street just for this. I am much happier at Aria or Cosmo on the strip bar wise. But if I ever need a cheap drink, I will consider this place first!
5	My husband and I are locals, we went here for our anniversary on a Saturday night. It was our first time and it was great. The waitress was so nice and the food was amazing. Great beer selection as well. We had a nice quaint table outside and loved being able to sit outside and eat!
2	This place was just ok. Deserted when we came in, and it took a while to get table service. Our server was pretty brusque, it seemed as if she was in a bad mood. My burger was cooked to a hockey puck consistency but I saw no use in sending it back. The server told us they were not allowed to sub a small side salad for the French fries, so keep that in mind when ordering.  "Meh" describes it perfectly - they are plenty of other better places to grab a burger.
2	I went here with a large group while out on Fremont street. Based on the previous yelp reviews I tried to steer away from this one but my group really wanted to eat here.The service here was friendly but I think that's where the service ended. The food came out quite slow and my water glass was constantly empty. I think in a bar atmosphere like this it would be appropriate to leave a pitcher of water at the table (if service can't keep up).I ordered the bacon blue burger which was not good at all. Probably one of the worst burgers I've ever had. It was overcooked and burned even though I ordered it medium well. It had white "sauce" cheese with bacon in it which was quite disgusting. I ate about half of it and then felt pretty terrible afterward.The only thing saving this place is that the calamari was some of the better I've ever had. That's the only reason why it gets 2 stars instead of 1.Unless you're here just for drinks I would advise to stay away.
2	Food wasn't very fresh and honestly I've had better fish n chips at cheaper places.
5	This place is awesome! Came to Vegas for EDC and decided to stay a couple days after to recover.  Went pub crawling around the Fremont Street area and Hennessy's was by far the diamond in the rough (of Fremont Street)  Service was super quick and very friendly, unlike other places in the area where you wait too long for a drink and get treated like a tourist.  These employees at Hennessey's tavern are so awesome, they actually shipped my phone to me in California since I apparently was having such a good time that I forgot it on their bar. Needless to say, I will most definitely be returning to Hennessy's every time I'm in Vegas!
4	Really delicious food, and they have great deals! I came to Vegas on vacation and was staying at the strip (but my heard is truly in "Old" Las Vegas, so I took the Deuce to the Fremont Experience. $6 for a day pass.)I was starving, so we stopped off at this place (since Heart Attack Grill made you wear a ridiculous patients gown! and this was right down the way.) To my surprise, everything was pretty cheap, and tasted delicious! I coincidentally went on a Tuesday, and they had a special going on "Two for Tuesday", which I didn't know about until I got the low-low bill! I'm surprised the waitress didn't take advantage of tourist. For that, this place gets my thumbs up!I got the Western Burger, and you could really taste the freshness of the ingredients and how perfect the meat was cooked. Very gourmet!Will definitely return to this place if I'm in town, and I recommend you check it out as well!
1	Just got back from Vegas and my experience at Hennessey's  Tavern was still on my mind.   I had eaten there 2 years ago and had a pretty decent meal so why not return right?  I also asked 4 friends who were visiting Vegas from NY to join me.  Good idea, right?  Not so much.  I arrived with my party of 3 and informed the wait staff  that another 4 people would be arriving shortly .  I told the "hostess" that I wanted to sit on the patio so I needed two tables set up with flatware to ensure that people arriving would not help themselves to our tables. They dismissively told me to just find two tables.  I waited, and waited and WAITED and no one came out to set up.  I got up again, went inside where servers were conglomerated  & happily chatting away. (There was ample staff considering that the place was nearly empty on a Monday night. )  A few minutes later, a female server with a brace on her hand put 7 sets of silverware on the table.  I asked her to bring out the menus so that we could browse them while we waited for the others to arrive.  We WAITED AND WAITED... no menus.  I asked a person in my party to go inside and ask for menus again.  My guest returned with the menus in hand and commented that the servers were just hanging out and chatting and could not understand why the menus had not been brought out.  I struggled with touching the menus  which were so sticky and dirty that I opened them by touching a teeny-tiny corner.  I immediately thought that if the menus were  this  dirty, I can only imagine what the kitchen looks like.  Couldn't those lingering servers wipe down the menus?  I've seen it done in restaurants all the time---but clearly not in this one!  After our party  of 4 arrived, we ordered our food and waited and waited and waited for our food to arrive. Each time we asked the server about the food, her answer was the same---It'll be right out!  .....Yeah, right.  Here are the highlights of our 7 orders:  Turkey burger & Fries, Bacon Burger & fries:  Fries so salty that they could not be eaten.  I tasted the fries and could not believe that this could be the work of a chef.  I dreaded the possibility that these fries had been salted by a prior customer and that they were recycled fries.  Ugh!!!   Everyone who had a burger said it was just OK, but definitely would not come back for one. Fish & Chips:  A little steep at $15 but it included 3 filets of cod.  Fries were not cooked well done as I explicitly requested.  I mentioned it  to  the waitress and was told that she would have new fries for me -- this promise was accompanied by a doe-eyed apology.  This french fry saga would continue throughout the evening.  One of my guests asked for a beer before ordering dinner but she had almost finished her meal and still no beer.  Of course, the waitress apologized once again.  Apologies seemed to be the theme of the evening.  25 minutes later my well done fries had not arrived.  When I told my server I still didn't have my fries , she seems surprised & shocked by it.--"You didn't get your fries??"   So who else, pray tell, should have known if my fries had been brought out to my table???  So then she asks me if I want the re done fries to which I answered, Yes! Yes! I want fries with my fish filets!!   I don't get it.  I ordered fish & CHIIPS. CHIPS meaning french fries. So she says "OK, I'll be back in 5 minutes"20 minutes later my party is ready to pay their bill and she shows up with my tab and NO FRIES.  She opted for giving us a discount on our tab rather than giving me the fries which I had been waiting all evening long.   And then, unbeknownst to me, the evening's entertainment was about to begin.  Wow,  a bonus.  Free entertainment.          Two drunks came flying out of the bar and land on the deck where we were seated.  Yelling, pummeling, more yelling, more pummeling.  Wait, wait, do I see my server who weighs about 80 pounds with a brace on her hand joining in on the pummeling?  How brave... how stupid!   She yelled at one of the drunks accusing him that he had thrown a drink at her.  So let me see, you over-serve drinks to your patrons  to make money and you are surprised by the results??  My guests were scrambling  to get out before the drunks included them in their MMA bout.  I for one was practically cowering in a corner like a scared rabbit.  So, nice going Hennessey's Tavern.  You managed to screw up what started as a perfectly good evening in Vegas.  The sad part is for the owner who will probably be out of business before you know it because the totally incompetent, lackadaisical servers and a kitchen gone wrong.
4	It is so worth it to come in on a Sunday night to hear the Acoustic MadMen. I am biased, though...This is a fun place to stop in or spend the evening if you like the music.  The alcohol is reasonable priced, the food is quite good, too.  My favs being Guiness (24oz) and the Bananas Foster to drink and burgers & the truffles fries for nomming.  Some exceptional items are:- Truffles Fries: "...tossed with white truffle oil, Parmesan cheese & fresh parsley." Contains no truffle, though still quite good.  (Google "white truffle oil" and you'll be a bit shocked)- Prime Rib Sliders served with blue cheese & horseradish sauce.  Cooked to your temp & generally great beefy flavor with just enough bite that you don't eat the entire beef slice in your first bite. I typically go late on weekends which can be quite busy, so service does degrade a bit.  Lunch service has been good so far. Go for 2 Timin' Tuesdays for 2for1 burgers.  Eat one there & get the other to go, even!I am a repeat customer due to my preference for music, but would easily go there for the food & semi-Irish atmosphere, too.
5	We came for breakfast before they were technically open, sat at the bar, chatted with the bartender, who made killer bloody marys;  got some amazing food and had a great time!!
1	Uh...you lost me at $9.50 a pint.  The beers on tap are UN-exceptional as well.
1	We had lunch at Hennessy's before going to the Life is Beautiful Festival this weekend.  Unfortunately the only thing beautiful at Hennessy's was the weather on the patio.  The service was horrible from the start - slow, unprofessional, and unfriendly.  The food quality was below average when it arrived hot - and there was only a 50% chance of that happening (2 of 4 dishes were cold).  The flatbread came out cold the first time and then with a brunt crust but unmelted cheese the second time.  The calimari was cold and looked pitiful so it didn't mater that the portion size was small.  The basic burger was average and did come out hot.  The truffle Parmesan cheese fries were the highlight.  The prices are on the high side for downtown especially given the food and service issues.
4	This is a review for a private event in the Claddagh Room at Hennessey's.  About 25 of us got together last night for an internet meet.  It's a group of people who post on an internet discussion board about Las Vegas.  I have known some of these people for over 10 years.When the leader of the discussion board was trying to find a place that would accommodate that large a group of people, she gave Hennessey's a call and they offered us the Claddagh Room for three hours at no charge and they supplied a bartender for our group.I've been to Hennessey's for two shows in the past few years and they were in the Claddagh Room.  It's a pleasant place with wood tables and chairs.  We were able to mingle or sit and talk.I got a diet Coke that came in a small Mason jar with a handle.  The drink was $3.50 but there were unlimited refills.  The bartender was a very outgoing young lady and she was a pleasure!Hennessey's Claddagh Room was the perfect place for our meet.
2	I want to give this place a better rating, I really do - but it seems like they just don't want one.This Irish-themed pub seems packed full of potential, but seems to fall short on speed and service.  My fiance and I went here this past Tuesday for their 2-4-1 Burger special after he got off work.Good deal?  For Downtown, I guess it is - the burgers start at $10.40 but average $11.35.  Honestly, I cannot imagine paying this for EACH burger any other night.The service was extraordinarily slow, and from talking with a friend we didn't experience something out of the norm.  I guess if you don't mind waiting for your food for half an hour or so, then this might be the place for you.As far as the burger goes, I would honestly prefer Red Robin or even Chili's.  They are definitely not special, and not of any abnormally large size.  The side of fries that it comes with is pretty meager, and they are probably a bit tastier than the actual burger.My pickle that came with it was sweetish.  That's just awkward.Even after finishing our meal, it took a long time to get boxes and the check, then even MORE time for our waitress to take said check.There's a lot of other places Downtown - don't be afraid to pass this place or use it as a back-up choice.
2	I would give this more than 2 stars but after eating what was advertised as being voted the best burger in vegas.....2 stars is about all I can give. the 13.50 buck mustang burger was listed on the menu as fine aged beef. ...well it was a pre patted frozen patty that had a funky taste to it and fake grill marks. The bun, bbq sauce and bacon was good but the burger it self was pretty horrible. Good service...great looking classic bar feel.
3	The food and service were decent, but nothing overly remarkable.
4	In the daytime, it's relatively quiet and unassuming. You can even order fresh squeezed juice.At night...Booze soaked maws, whiskey samplers, and the sonic reverberation of live music come out. And don't forget the ridiculous shot specials that pulverize your liver with the power of a liquid gavel. Sometimes it's difficult to understand your what your friend is saying over the symbol crashing and the glass clacking, but that's why necks were built to nod. They also make bastardized grub that was meant for hangovers. Captain Crunch French toast is an actual menu item waiting to enrobe your taste buds. And if you're not in the mood to consume some starch, there's always the chance of seeing two girls fight over some swarthy dude at the bar. People really channel the Irish when they're here.If you're downtown, you owe it to yourself to check out some of these amazing drink deals and general mayhem.
3	Went on a Saturday night. There was no waiting for a table. The atmosphere was nice. Service was a little slow, but not horrible. We ordered a BLT and a Chicken Club. Both sandwiches were pretty good. No complaints. Came with some home made potato chips...nothing else. Add 2 beers. Total was $47 including the tip. Kinda pricey for my blood. Especially when their are a 100 other options within walking distance. Overall, nothing special. Pass on it.
2	This week I'm going to skip covering some of the newly-opened restaurants in town to deal with another place that boldly advertises its burger as "voted best burger in Las Vegas" on a colorful banner right on the corner of Fremont St and Las Vegas Blvd. I'm definitely not aware of everything going on in town burger-wise, but by being the self-titled 'burger guy' for Vegas I'm fairly aware of most contests that would elect such a title. So when my coworker pointed out one day that Hennessey's had such a banner on their patio, I just had to look into this. I've had a couple folks suggest their burgers over the years, but it just hasn't been a priority with so many more popular and generally accepted places to try. But being a glutton for punishment and fulfilling my self-induced duties, I headed over to see if they could offer a contender for the best burger in town.For those unfamiliar with the Fremont St area, Hennessey's is your typical generic 'Irish' pub with cheap drinks, cheap food, and the average sub-Strip tourist crowd. The interior is dark, dirty, smoky, and undoubtedly loud on weekends when they're packed and a band is playing. During the day you will have a mix of locals on their lunch breaks along with some tourists, during the evenings you can expect a slightly louder, less refined crowd. There is also a patio for you to dine on while you take in all the lovely sights and characters walking by. Their extensive menu features just about any type of food you can mention, and I won't even bother listing it all here.As for their burger offerings, they do have quite a selection on their menu, and maybe even more than most dedicated burger joints in town. With 15 pre-designed burgers and even more options, this is certainly a substantial group, yet I still went with a simple favorite of mine: the mushroom burger. The bun was ok; fresh, not too dry and well-proportioned to the patty. The patty had slight char flavor, but it was super generic and overcooked with no seasoning or good beefy flavor. The mushrooms were just ok too, and didn't have much flavor. The cheese was there but I didn't taste it. This was definitely not the best in Vegas, and not even the best on Fremont Street.The fries were oily and generic, although most of them were cooked well. While I usually eat almost all of my fries with a burger meal, these weren't quite good enough for me to do so this time. They do offer a decent deal on Tuesdays with two-for-one burgers, but I'm still not sure this is really worth it. Our two burgers came to $13.30 which I guess isn't a bad deal when there are definitely more expensive and worse burgers around the area, but I'd really like to know who exactly voted in this contest.
1	I'm a local and it took 30-45 minutes for  a hamburger to get served. Nobody checked on our drinks in the meantime either. Skip it!
1	It was nice to sit outside at night in Fremont, but that was the only good element. The service was insanely slow. It took hours just to get dinner and get out and there was no wait and barely anyone there. The specials online were out of date, and the "specials" the server listed weren't even on sale when we got our receipt! Beware of the beers. Prices are not listed on the menu but they are about $9 a piece for watered down Guinness which was frustrating. The food was okay, but not worth the price. I would highly recommend going elsewhere.
2	We saw they averaged very low on yelp but George's Grill was only open for dinner on weekends... Boooo.... The other surrounding places averaged just about the same so we took our chances.Sure enough, service was nonexistent. Our waitress disappeared and never checked back after taking our orders. Actually, she did, at the END of our meal. We gave 3 different people our coffee order which finally came real late. No one refilled anything at our table. Atmosphere is seemingly nice, private outside patio on higher grounds. Still, fucking shit. Luckily the food was good. Phewww.
3	Henneseys is an okay place. Nothing particularly special about it. It's fairly over priced for the quality of food that they have, but then again everything on Freemont street is. The only time I go there to eat is on Tuesday when they have a 2 for 1 breakfast and burger special. The burgers are nothing great, so I usually opt for the breakfast instead. Their breakfast entrees have a bigger portion, which mean more left over and are more filling. The service is decent but nothing amazing. They used to have trivia night, but that got discontinued. If you are on Fremont and want to visit, I say go on Tuesday.
5	We went here because our first choice had no room. The wait team quickly accommodated by 20+ party. The waitress was awesome and very attentive. We had an awesome time. Will definitely go back.
4	Irish Tuna Melt was FIRE, had cheese-encrusted bread! We smothered it in Cholula (ALWAYS A PLUS when the restaurant has Cholula!!). The Poke Salad was very fresh tasting but could have used some dressing for the salad - we asked for a side of balsamic and it was perfect.
4	The service was amazing! Eric, the bartender, made me feel right at home the entire time. I never had to ask for anything, as he was on his game and anticipated all of my needs. Stopped in for happy hour and was incredibly impressed. Not only are the drinks good, the service will keep me coming back.
5	Absolutely love this place. First time here and it's amazing. great live music great service bartenders no what's up!!!! Come on down and be Irish or cone get connected with your roots like myself irish proud
1	Long wait for horrible food and surly-incompetent employees make this place a no go.
3	Had a good time here sat on the patio. Had some drinks before orderng and the waitress was very attentive and ontop of things. For the food everyone but me had fish nd chips which was good.  I on the other hand just had chicken wings, which I would say weree slightly above avg. For chicken wings. Nice atmosphere and a great location. Hard to beat for a sat. Night.
4	Fun place for St Patrick's fun. Live music, decent drinks, okay service, fun atmosphere
1	Bottom line: DirtyOur table was filthy.  I couldn't put my napkin down on the table because there was a layer of dirt on it.  Seriously, how hard is it to wipe down a table?  We ordered and appetizer and a couple of drinks.  Our food, Irish version of potato skins, was average but too expensive for the small portion.  Then we found one of the waitresses hairs in our drink.  When we pointed it out her response was, "Oh seriously? Haha." And she still charged us for the drink.  I would rather go grab a cheap pizza or hot dog on Fremont street rather than ever coming here again.
4	Love the giant collector's mug pints. Friendly staff. Well-lit bathrooms.I make a point to stop by here for a drink or two every time I visit Fremont.Keep it up.
4	I got the Grilled cheese and tomatoe soup and it was awesome sauce. Waitress was nice and kept it together even with our large party (like 14??) I brought in my own drink which they did not mind (I love you Vegas!) but the coolest is that this is off Freemont street which is a whole different thing!Would go back again. Planning next vegas trip now.....
2	Ordered the Margherita flat bread...cold cheese semi stale bread...not good. Fries were soggy. ..nothing special..onion rings were typical frozen to deep fryer...again not very good. Would not come back.  Our waitress was wonderful though.
1	5:38 pm on a Tuesday nite and the bar manager lets the Guinness keg run dry then takes 20 minutes 2 change it.  Really? In an Irish bar?  LAME!
2	If it weren't for the food, I would give Hennessey's 1 star. Not worth it.My visiting friend and I were looking to eat somewhere downtown where we could enjoy the weather and sit outside. They have open seating, if you can call it that, so we ordered a drink at the bar (8$ for a miller light..what??) and waited for a table to open up outside. As a couple nearby was on their way out, we asked the waitress if it were okay for us to go ahead and take the table. She cleared off the table and didn't give us an answer for a significant amount of time until she replied "well are you going to be eating?" I understand serving people who order food will generally give you a greater tip, but regardless if we were planning on eating or not, that question probably isn't the best way to increase those dollars. While waiting for our food to come we saw another strange interaction occur with the open seating. We noticed a group of five or six looking for an outdoor seat, exchange words with the waitress, and head to the bar to pick up drinks. In the mean time, the group at the table next to us had paid and left the restaurant, and two young women saw the open table and sat down. They sat for a few minutes before the waitress came over and told them she promised the table to a group that had been waiting over thirty minutes (false, ten max). The girls obliged, and the group claimed the table. I don't think open seating is the best option for this place. Holy confusion.Besides the odd seating issues, our table was not clean, nor stable. This restaurant needs a serious face lift!As for the food, we split the crispy calamari and mesquite turkey sandwich. The calamari was cooked well, not chewy, and nice and crisp! It was a hefty portion and  served with three different sauces. The sandwich was awesome! It was served on a warm  pretzel bun with a mass amount of turkey, tomato, lettuce, swiss cheese, and dijon aioli. Yum! Again, with refinement of the service and logistics it would have the potential to be a much better establishment!
1	Terrible service, awful food. The hostess told us to find a table "wherever" so we did, and after waiting 20 minutes a waitress finally stopped by to hand us a menu and inform us that our "real waitress" would be there shortly. Another 10 minutes and she appeared. Drinks came fast but they never wiped our table from the previous diners like they said they would, and when my food (a patty melt - medium) came, it was burned to a crisp. I couldn't even complain about it because it was dropped off too quickly and the waitress never reappeared until we flagged her down to get our check. I have been to other Hennessy's in San Diego with a complete opposite experience. This was a real bummer.
5	Excellent service, people watching, ribs and beer.  Who can beat that?
5	Great customer service, and the food was very good.  We had burgers, salad, fries and onion rings.  Our order was mistakenly given to someone else, and the staff quickly fessed up.  Our order was brought out by the manager with an apology.  The tavern picked up our whole lunch tab.  Mistakes happen, and when we are treated this way it makes us just want to come back the next time!
5	I have been going to Hennessey's for drinks with friends as long as I've lived here, but only recently have I eaten there for the first and second times.First visit was for dinner during Punk Rock Bowling last weekend, the fiancee and I both had the fish and chips which were perfect. The price was right, the portions were satisfying, and the fish was delicious. Not too much batter, but enough to provide the heavy crisp you expect in solid fish and chips. Cole slaw was fresh and not too sweet, tartare sauce was light and lemony. We both decided to indulge on desserts, he had the bread pudding which was hot and topped with ice cream and chocolate sauce. Very delicious. I had the best root beer float I have had since childhood, complete with IBC in a bottle and some pretty amazing ice cream.Today we met for breakfast, I had the Dublin Benedict (corned beef hash subbed for Canadian bacon), and my fella had the Highlander (a southwest inspired plate served with warm tortillas). My breakfast arrived hot and was exactly as good as I wanted it to be. My man said the same. The coffee and juices were equally fresh and delicious and always kept full. Best part of breakfast? When the bill came and we were given BOGO breakfast! I don't know why hat place wasn't packed with people when we both had beverages, full meals, and table s service for about $20!Get it while he getting is good!
4	As many times as I've been to Fremont Street, I'd never stopped in at Hennessey's. I thought that it was pretty good, all in all. We were able to walk right up and sit on the patio, so that's always fun for people watching.Our server was definitely stressed and you could see it all over her face and in her interactions with us. She was rushed and frustrated and just wanted to get out of there! Aside from that, everything else was just fine. The food was good- we had the spinach and artichoke dip as an app and split the BBQ turkey burger. Everything was cooked well and tasted good. The best part of my meal, aside from the people watching out on the patio, was the Moscow Mule I got to drink! It was really tasty, and served in an authentic copper mug. I'd like to return and try some of the other offerings on the menu.
1	Decent food, AWFUL service. I sat at a table a full 20 minutes and still never had a server come up. Servers were standing around and looking but didn't want to help because it was not there table. Never again.
1	We went here on St. Patrick's Day as part of a pub crawl. What a waste of time. The place was so crowded. It took forever to get drinks. It's an Irish bar so you think on St. Pat's Day they would've had a band playing Irish music. Nope! The band was good but not appropriate for St. Pat's Day entertainment. Very disappointing. They didn't even have corn-beef & cabbage on the menu. What Irish bar doesn't serve corn beef & cabbage on St. Pat's day? Absolutely ridiculous! I'll never go back to that place and the only thing Irish about that bar is its name!
4	I really enjoyed this place! We came 4th of July night!! Our waitress was great! We drank Moscow Mules and Tokyo Teas. Both were really good! The Tokyo Teas were especially strong!!We also had the bread pudding and brownie. The brownie was just OK. But the bread pudding was some of the best I've had. There was a live band that was really good and we had fun!!! Will go back next time I'm in Vegas!
3	The place has good ambiance and staff know how to properly pour a Guinness.  However, they struggled to mix proper Martinis - but this is a pub.  The menu is eclectic and average for bar food.  Surprisingly, some really good bands are brought in for the weekends.  This can make it a bit loud for casual conversation - but the musical experience is great.  Bartenders and Wait staff are friendly and efficient.
3	This is the first time I've been here. Generally,  I liked the place but how can they not have Guiness for some Irish car bombs?
4	Came here for a Meetup during Happy Hour with a group I belong to.  Since it was suggested by someone who happens to be a waitress here, my view of the excellent service we got may be a bit skewed.  But judging by the number of wait staff attending to diners on the patio, which was packed by the time we left, I don't think so.We sat inside, at the back pub tables in the blissful air conditioning.  My drinking buddies were taking advantage of the happy hour prices and imbibing freely, while I was content to nurse my two glasses of wine, one more than my usual.We were lucky to be at Hennessey's on Tuesday, when burgers are 2x1, so hubby and I eschewed the appetizers and chewed instead on some tasty burgers.  Good quality.We'll go back again (this was, I think, our second visit), especially after learning about the good deal to be had with the pub dinners for $10.95.  The burger was excellent, so I expect we'll be happy the next time, too.
3	Great tartare sauce and bloody Mary's but I walked in on a Saturday night looking for a bite to eat and the band was just so loud that as soon as we were done eating we were out the door. It's just impossible to hang out with friends and chat when the band is playing.
5	We had friends in town for a destination WEDDING!!! The room was FREE to rent and the food and alcohol was reasonable for the wedding. Private room!!!!!!!!! BEST BARTENDERS AND MANAGER!!!!!
4	Walked into Hennessey's a couple weeks ago while playing tourist with the wife. We really enjoyed ourselves. We came in on a Monday night and enjoyed their beer and shot special for $5! Came back the next Tuesday, (sadly no great shot specials) and was treated to a decent local cover band. But their variety of fry baskets made up for it. Also signed up for the 100 shot Jameson Challenge!So overall, I feel this is a great little spot to hang out with friends and enjoy some cold beer and Jameson shots. It really feels like a real local bar trapped in a tourist trap. (Fremont St Experience)
1	Came here with a few friends after walking up and down Fremont Street.  It did not look too crowded (which we like) so we ventured inside.  After our experience...we know why it was not crowded!There were six of us and only three were drinking (which the server did not seem happy about).  We started with some Jameson/Gingers and then their house drink the Dublin Donkey.  We were asked by our server, Erin, if we wanted doubles.  We said yes.  After the first sip, we all commented on the lack of whiskey in the drinks, but our server was not to be found so we decided to deal with it.  Now, I've worked in the restaurant business most of my life and have drank at many high end bars across the country, so I know a double should cost more.  Usually it has been anywhere from $2-$6 added to the initial price of the drink.  So imagine our surprise here when we discovered that a double was actually 2x the price of the drink.  Translate this to $15 jameson/gingers and $18 Dublin Donkeys!!  We were appalled!  7 drinks, 3 shots... $125!!!  We confronted the server about it and she rudely told me how thats the policy because its double the alcohol and refused to change the check (despite our insisting that those drinks were in no way "doubles").  While the price was outrageous I would have been able to get over it if the environment was outstanding (our drinks were served in plastic cups) or the service (Erin was no where to be found half the time, and acted as if she hated her job).The day after I called to ask the manager if this was really the policy.  With a rude tone, I was again told that that those drinks were indeed that expensive!  No attempt to right this obvious scam was given!Moral of the story- avoid!  This place is a scam!
1	absolutely awful the fish and chips was on a par with Long John Silvers, $6-25 for a bottle of Harp, $30-00 total and the skank waitress after I left $40-00 to cover it asked "do you want change" well duh I ain't leaving 33.333% for something that should have cost $10 max jeez avoid at all costs !
1	Wow, my phone was dead so I didn't have access to the Yelp application! This was the second time I've eaten at this place - the first time was better, but over five years later - I'd forgotten my previous disappointing experience. 3/4 empty on busy Freemont Street should have been a clue. Wake up Jeffy!!Poor service. Warm "iced tea" after I requested a refill....killed any remaining ice. Ordered the fish & chips with the fries made like one of their appetizers - Garlic/Parmesan. Sounded great, but the garlic was visible on the fries and the cheese was clumped like it wasn't grated fresh. The fish was overcooked and was not fresh, but frozen planks! Yuk, reminded me of mom's attempt to do fish-sticks for a quick meal when I was 8 or a replication of the junior high lunchroom. Overall, I'm more disappointed in myself for staying after it took 10+ minutes to place my order, but more so, "How could they still be open?" I want to be more positive in my Yelps, but this was a horrible meal and overpriced. McDonalds would have been better.
2	Disappointed. Yes they have a great patio to watch the freemont street people. Bartender was short and too the point. Got beer fast, and never heard anything else out of her mouth. Bar was slow, kinda would like some sort of bartender interaction. Then again the other bartender was too busy reaching over the bar to play the slot machine. Basically if you can't get a patio seat why bother.
2	There's usually a reason why a bar is empty, especially one with a great view of Fremont Street and on the even before Halloween when Fremont is packed. Walked in after a disappointing dinner elsewhere being  excited to have  great Irish Pub so close. Walked in just after 9:30pm place was a ghost house and not in the it's nearly Halloween kinda way! Sat down at the bar looked over the pitiful selection of draft brews... Even sadder selection of Irish liquors (I'm Irish trust me the only Irish beer is NOT Guiness!) The bartender wanders by and simply says"what are you having" no hey how are you? What can I get you? (remember bar is DEAD) he wants a beer, I am happy to stay because I know he wants a beer (we've just gotten off a cruise, driven 5 hours, had a bad dinner, seriously want a beer and some friendly service, we are both smiling and happy I kinda expect the same) We order 2 guiness pints. she asks if we want to keep the tab open, he tells her no we will close it out for now (can always pay for a second round right??) Drops the card back, hands off two beers and off she goes, another bartender comes up, does not say a word reaches over the bar next to me to play the slot machine, I smile he again says nothing and keeps playing the machine. Beers are empty, initial bartender walks by says nothing second bartender still gambling says nothing...... Guess we are not staying for another beer. I understand why your bar is empty when every other bar we walked by was jam packed with people, your staff is inattentive and well rude. I hope you actually read the reveiws because apparently I am not the only one who feels this way. Hire people who actually WANT to work around people, otherwise close your doors!
3	Stopped here for some later afternoon drinks and appetizers.I had a Margaritta and we all shared some chicken tenders and Nachos.Service and food were good.
3	Meh.... The burger was ok (clearly frozen previously). The service was INCREDIBLY slow.... Although there were only a few tables. It'll do in a pinch, but not sure I'd recommend this place.
4	Chicken Wings!! We were really craving chicken wings and nowhere downtown came up when you search for chicken wings so I really wanted to mention them in the comment in case anyone ever wants chicken wings downtown.
4	This place is a good option for food on Fremont Street. Great atmosphere and good Bloody Marys.
