5	This Louis Vuitton is the 5th largest location in the world and the most beautifully designed Louis store that I have been too. It is definitely worth visiting just to take a glimpse at the amazing light show and the interior design of the store. I believe that there were more people checking the store out than actually buying anything. But there was no way I was leaving without buying myself a little something...
5	The largest US LV location, and it's quite beautiful! Didn't buy anything that day, but I'm waiting for the whole Aria City Center Mall to be finished and shall make a trip back.
1	Most beautiful interior and exterior design out of all the Louis Vuitton's in the West Coast.  Received very bad customer service from an employee eventhough I was going to make a large purchase. I recommend shopping at either the Cesar's location or Fashion Center mall.
4	LV!  The Lexus of handbags!  Seriously girls, would you choose a Lexus over a BMW?2 and 1/2 floors of overpriced, bland, handbags that Asians think are the best!  Joking aside, I noticed a lot of bags here that local stores near my area do not carry or have yet to carry.  It's not 3 full floors because the second floor is very small and cannot be counted as a whole floor.  Customer service was good.  I was promptly helped in each area. If I were an Asian girl who likes to carry  the same bag like every other Asian girl, I'd be in heaven at City Center LV.  Actually no, if I were an Asian girl, I'd walk over to Hermes and get a real bag but instead I'm an Asian guy so I'll settle with a little LV wallet to make me feel expensive. A very nice store though...
5	One of THE best Louis Vuitton handbag purchase experience I've ever had. First of all, the double-story LV structure was a sight in itself. Then as you enter, it was just bags galore from the new releases to classic collections. I must say the 5 stars goes to the sales rep, Lalana. She's awesome. Very helpful, very professional, great tips and suggestions and also, got a good ol' fashion scolding from her for overstuffing my LV wallet. It was just hilarious. Needless to say, I bought a really cute clutch/day bag in Damier for Mother's Day. Could have gotten the matching wallet as well but I'm not sure I'm willing to downsize my wallet just yet.  Nonetheless, Lalana was great!  Ask for her help if you are in the area and buying a bag!
5	this place is massive!! I went in to browse and don't know what I was more impressed with-the merchandise or the fact that the salespeople weren't following me around the store. It is definitely the best LV store that I've been too and hopefully whenever I hit the lottery or marry rich, I can actually buy something. I mean 425 for a belt?
2	staff here sucks.  it probably took my friend and my drunk ass about 5 minutes to get their attention while standing at only 1 display case.  (i'm sure they get a bunch of me walking around their store but i was literally stationed in front of a display case talking to my friend loudly talking about how i'm not getting any help and looking into the rest of the store at all other sales reps)won some good money and it was burning a hole through my pocket.  i probably wouldve bought a wallet instead of the POS of a thing they call a money clip but their service didnt warrant me spending another minute in there.  if i was sober, i bet i would've walked out of there and went to another store instead.
2	This review is kind of difficult to write, especially as a lover and owner of LV handbags.  I made the trek over to City Center from Caesars to see the 5th largest LV store in the world, largest in North America.  The store is definitely impressive.  I browsed the handbags on the first floor and came across the Damier Azur collection.  I stood at the counter waiting for a sales associate to assist me.  I had a specific bag in mind (Galleria PM) that I wanted to see and possibly purchase if I liked how it looked on me.  I waited and waited for the lady behind the counter or any of the other seven sales associates who were just standing around chatting with one another to acknowledge my existence.  (Dropping Yelp stars at this point)  Finally another associate approached me and asked if I had any questions.  Unfortunately my bag of choice was not in stock.  She did have the same style in the monogram so I took a peek at that bag.  The SA did offer to order the bag for me, which I appreciated.  While I love big handbags (not only are they more roomy, but they make you look much more svelte), this bag was a bit too big for my 5'5" 103 lb. frame.  Sniff!  :(The star deduction is for the poor attention on the part of the majority of sales associates.  I would have given this store 5 stars if the staff would have been more attentive.
5	I found Heaven while walking down the Strip.This place is AMAZING. It is nothing like my LVs back home! I was blown away. It was absolutely packed beyond belief as it was New Year's Eve, but I didn't mind. The staff looked a bit frazzled and maybe was a bit short when talking to them, but I understood, as there really may have been 600 people in here. Because of the crowds, it made it a bit easier to shop without feeling like you're being stalked. I knew exactly what I wanted and my purchase was quick and easy. The fact that both of us were carrying Vuitton may or may not have helped us get the sales associates' attention, but either way they were fantastic for such a busy time.I would advise any LV lover to swing by here if they get a chance, you won't be disappointed! Now every time I visit my usual LVs, I think back misty-eyed to such a magical place.
2	I went to this store for two reasons - out of curiosity to see what the largest LV store in North America was like and to buy specific items.Yes, the store is huge, but they did not have two of the three items I wanted. The saleswoman actually told me that they do not carry a lot of styles and being the largest store in NA is by square footage and not by merchandise.The one item I wanted that they did have, I had a tough time trying to figure out where to find it. There is no way for you to really figure out which floor or where anything could be. If you are going to buy something, then you are better off just asking someone, which I did, and then I was sent to another floor, twice!The sales people are verbally challenged, they might be great with the product but they definitely need more people skills and English-speaking skills. Maybe its just me, but when I'm buying something, especially something that could be in various styles, I like sales people suggesting similar products that I might not have seen. None of that here, they just swiped my card and handed me my shopping bag. Most of the sales people looked utterly bored.All in all, I get better service and recommendations in other smaller LV stores. This might be a nice store for tourists who want to window shop, definitely fulfilled my curiosity, but not the best shopping experience.
5	No, I didnt purchase anything here but I just have to say this is the nicest LV stores I've ever been to.  Three stories of products that I never knew that LV even made such as a chess set, watch boxes, and a portable roulette table.The store is decorated lavishly and worth coming into just to check out all the things you cant afford.
5	In a land of horrible and mean Louis Vuitton SA's, this store seems to be the minority. I have been here twice and have gotten great service twice.You know how whenever you go into LV intending to make a purchase, you examine the product, you try on the product to make sure that everything is just right? And you know how the SA always stands there staring at you, and you can feel their eyes on you, waiting, and ultimately rushing you to make a final decision? This almost happened here but did not. I was trying on an item and I could feel the SA staring at me and it was making me nervous. And she probably could tell because she told me to take my time and that I didn't need to rush. Then she left me alone to do other stuff behind the counter. That made me feel alot better and I was able to make a decision.
4	Minus one star for the SAs who looked us up and down like we weren't worthy to step into this store.This LV store (the largest in North America?) is HUGE and BEAUTIFUL. Three stories of LV monogrammed goodness ready to pry the hard-earned cash from your wallet. I went in to check out the store and to check out the LV purses I had looked at online and was thinking about buying. The counters, wall shelving and other miscellaneous displays of LV bags, accessories and ready-to-wear products are a little overwhelming. I walked over to a display to check out a cute purse and was encountered by an SA's icy greeting and suspicious eyes. Moving on to another display, I encountered the same reaction. It was seriously starting to irritate me: I did not wander in there smelling of booze and smoke and looking like I hadn't washed for a week. Finally, this really sweet SA named Jian came up to me and asked if she could show me any purses. I named some purses I was looking at and she brought them out for me and was incredibly patient as I decided on what style and color I wanted. Since the store was 3 stories, we had to walk up and down stairs a couple times to grab the purses I wanted to compare but she didn't mind. I ended up coming back the next day to exchange one of my purchases, a keychain, for a pochette/wristlet and Jian helped me with that as well.Bottom line: Gorgeous LV store with a huge selection (3 stars). Some of the SAs I encountered were snobby (kind of a given) but Jian was very helpful and it was because of her that I give this LV store one more star.
5	So I went to Vegas, first stop LV!  Absolutely beautiful!!!!! I have to say, they have the best sales associates and best customer service by far.  I am going to keep this review short and sweet.  I was greeted like a celebrity and treated like one, no complaints!!!  I made a pretty large purchase and I am very pleased with it.  I have many designer hand bags and shoes, and every purchase comes with a different experience, but this one, by far...the best!
4	Came here on my 21st birthday weekend party with the intentions of leaving with the Speedy 30 I oh sooooo desired. 4 stars because the bf and I weren't greeted right away and also because I knew what I wanted, I didn't need to look around and I had to basically make eye contact with someone before anyone came to help me.However, the experience with Tyson was great. Extremely friendly and laughed at the face that I knew exactly what I wanted and I need not look at anything else.Yay for my first LV purchase (which was also the best birthday gift ever).
5	This is the prettiest LV store I've ever been to! Me and my bests were in town celebrating two birthdays. Customer service was great - the lady who helped us was sooo nice and sweet. Too sweet and too convincing - one of my bests left with a Damier Ebene travel duffle w/strap and I took home the Monogram Artsy. LOVE IT.
5	Great experience which is what someone should expect when they're dropping that kind of cash on a purse! My sales associate was very patient as I decided on different sizes for the  same bag, and didn't assume that I was just there to mess around......he was great! They made me feel less guilty about my purchase.....plus I'm from SF so I got a pretty sweet bonus on my savings in sales tax! Will definitely purchase from here again.
5	I love Louis Vuitton! I only live in this city because the initials are the same as Louis Vuitton! (I'm only kidding....or am I? :P) This store is 3 levels, so it is quite big, but not like the one in Paris! Anyways, we walked in, and a handbag was screaming to me! (How does that inevitably always happen?!) So I fawned over it a bit, looked at it in different colors and then needed to compare it to the bag that had originally brought me in. My heart stayed in the bag I fawned over, but alas, I didn't wanna drop that kind of coin in front of the other ladies I was shopping with. Although I still want the bag. Perhaps I'll have to go again!! But this time, ALONE~!
4	Went in just to look around!! Lots of nice and expensive stuff in there!!!
5	I was on a weekend getaway with my hubby and have been to this  Vuitton boutique inside the City Center on a few previous visits.  Each time, the sales associates have been amazing.  I am writing this review because this time, I had the best experience I have ever had in any LV store hands down (and I have a black belt in LV shopping!). My Sales Associate was Yvette and she was the best.  I purchased a Monogram Neverfull MM and left it overnight to have my initials hot stamped into the leather.  Yvette took the time to show me and my hubby all of the size and color choices for the embossing.  The next day when we picked up the bag, it was PERFECT!!!!  Yvette greeted us with a warm hug, remembered us by name and took the time to show me each and every bag, belt and item I wanted to see with no pressure or rush.  We chatted about bags for at least 45 minutes.  She was so charming, elegant, inviting and sooooooo French!!!!  Loved her accent, attitude and genuine kindness.  We were also given cold Evian water to enjoy while browsing.  I will continue to visit this store and ask for Yvette.  You should too!!
2	TWO stars b/c this is the prettiest LV store I've walked into & the architecture on the exterior is beautiful - especially at night.  HOWEVER, this place has HORRIBLE customer service - one of the worst I've experienced.  I came here with the intentions to purchase a purse, but after making my way down the three story building, not one person acknowledged me or pursued to greet me or ask if I was finding everything okay or if I needed any assistance.  A simple & generic, "Hello!  How are you doing today?"  or "Was there anything you were looking for in particular?"  would have been fine, but NOTHING HERE!To make matters worse, I don't even think they had the purse I was looking for out on the floor.  I feel like the sales people at this location only make an effort to talk to the people who stand out or "look" the part - they underestimate the people who don't always go out of their way to dress fancy by showing off designer labels or flashy clothing, jewelry, or accessories.Lastly, just because someone may look young, doesn't mean they're not going into the store with the intent on not to purchase anything.  I've worked in sales before & this is just POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE given by what is known to be from a prestigious label.
4	This store has three floors and is one the biggest LV stores I've been to . The outside of this store is gorgeous and the selection at this store is great . I was able to purchase a bag here that was sold out at the LV stores in the bay area . This store deserves 5 stars but I'm taking away 1 star because the customer service is horrible . They take forever to even acknowledge you , let alone help you . They need more workers .
5	All LV stores are decorated the same. Let's face it, they all put the boxed lv luggage in the front of the store (vintage look I suppose). Then all the bags are displayed in these lit of boxes of shelves. But this LV store does have this nice chandlier like apparatus that has the lv logo on it. Also comes with escalators! It has 3 stories- first story is with monogram bags I believe, then the second story is mostly clothes and shoes, and then the third story has the damier and such. The lady who helped me was blond and sweet, the rude short black-haired lady looked like beth ditto and wore a scarf around her neck and seemed very pompous. The blond lady was very patient with me even though me and my sister couldn't choose what bag to pick and went through almost 10 bags. She took her time and helped us make our decision.
4	Came in here yesterday, after a successful weekend of blackjacks and roulette ;-)I've been to the locations in Paris, France & the selection and customer service there was excellent. Service and selection here in the states can't compare. The thing I like about this location is that it's pretty damn big, 3 stories!Me and boyfriend came in here around 6PM yesterday, Sunday. It was pretty empty. I looked around, I was only greeted by the security guard and maybe 1 associate, who only said hi and didn't offer to help. While I looked at the catalog for the bag I wanted, I was finally approached by this sweet lady, totally forgot her name :/ could have been Christine B? Since that's the name on the receipt, but that could be the cashier who rung me up. I just know that she has a thick French accent, perhaps middle aged, and very friendly. She was super nice and helpful. She offered water to us, brought out all my selections and gave me her very honest opinion. She wasn't even pushy too!  Love her. She gave us her full attention from the beginning to the end when I made my final selection. Glad I made my purchase through her. A+ service! Maybe it's cause she's from France? ;PI'll be back soon ;)
5	I love everything about this Louis Vuitton store!!!The one thing that makes this store better than any other Louis Vuitton store is EDWARD JACKSON! He is one of the most amazing people you will ever meet because he knows everything about Louis Vuitton. He will make sure you enjoy your experience. quick tip: the store is huge so make sure you don't lose track of time if you have plans after. THIS IS NOT A PIT STOP, IT'S A DESTINATION!
2	While this is the largest LV store in the U.S. and the most beautiful and well-stocked, it is my least favorite of the LV stores that I have been in.The sales staff is aloof and inattentive. Yes, my husband and I may not look the part of typical LV shoppers, but that does not mean that we are not ready to shop - way to lose a potential sale.The lady who showed me the bag that I was interested in warmed up slightly when she saw my genuine interest, but I not enough to make me want to shop here.When we went into the men's department and elsewhere in the store, we were completely ignored. Not cool at all. We ended up making our purchases at the LV store at the Bellagio instead.
1	review based on customer service. Was essentially ignored. Ready to make a couple of purchases but no one bothered to ask me if I needed assistance after half an hour at the store, and this place was pretty empty. That said it is a beautiful store.
4	This is one of the nicest malls that I have ever been in. It is a high priced mall that caters to the wealthy. Even though we were dressed down we did not experience any lack of customer service like we did at the LV store inside of Caesars Palace. I would come back here again.
5	Biggest selection of goodies on the strip.Ask for Candace.
5	We went to Louis Vuitton specifically to purchase a Neverfull for my birthday. At first I was disappointed in the service. After a few minutes in the store, we had to ask someone to help us and he was totally not into it (don't know his name). After about 5 minutes of his "help" I was turned off to the experience as a whole and was ready to leave without a bag! About this time he walked off to help someone else. My husband took this as an opportunity to get another salesperson. He came back with Edward Jackson. Edward is the best thing about this store. He is so friendly, patient and knowledgeable. Having never tried the bags in person before, I quickly realized the Neverfull bag was not my style. Edward asked questions and took notice of what I liked and loved about each bag. He helped me decide on the Evora and I LOVE IT. Edward even brought us each a glass of champagne to toast my birthday. He entertained us with stories of shoppers and the history of Louis Vuitton. It was amazing. Go to Louis Vuitton at City Center and make sure you ask for Edward!
5	This is the largest Louis Vuitton in the country and it has a selection to match! They have so many items that you'll never find anywhere else. I do agree that the sales staff can be aloof, but I have also had people who were on their game so I guess it's luck of the draw!It's definitely worth checking out if you are looking to do some shopping while in Vegas!
1	Beautiful store with huge inventory, but extremely bad/snobby customer service. It was empty while we were there, but the salesgirl thought it was a better idea to stand by a display case and stare at a wall than to help us.I know that Louis doesn't pay their people commission (just sales goals w/ bonuses) since the bags basically sell themselves, but come the eff on - do your damn job. We left and went to the Louis store @Wynn instead and dropped $6500 so suck it Crystals! Maybe that amount is nothing to you, but I didn't see anyone else buying anything.
1	Beautiful store with lots of inventory but extremely snobby sales assistants and very rude managers. I came in here with a friend to return sunglasses that my friend no longer wanted and it took almost 30 mins just to get someone to help us, which is ridiculous because we were the only ones there besides one couple. It seems that the sales assistants would rather stare at the walls than help us. When we finally got helped the sales girl told us since we're returning an item the manager had to do it, so we waited another 20+ mins just for him.  When he finally arrived, he asked us if we opened the box and tried on the sunglasses, we told him no. He then opens the box containing the sunglasses and touches the sunglass lends with his bear fingers to pick up the sunglasses to hold it up to the light and accuses us of trying it on because there was a finger smudge on it! Well duh, there's a finger smudge, because you touched the lends, Dumb A**!!!  My friend and I were so furious that he would accuse us just so that he doesn't have to give us our money back. We spent 20 mins cleaning the sunglasses of the smudge but he kept saying that "There was still a smudge on the lends" he even started yelling and lecturing us. The couple that was there obviously over heard him yelling at us and tried to calm the manager down and convince him to give our money back. The manager then started arguing with the couple and actually started calling them names and saying how worthless they are. OMG how rude can you be?! First of all you only work in retail, even if it's Louis Vuitton, it's still retail and it's not like you own the store you're just the manager. Your life isn't worth more than anyone else's. Second you NEVER argue with the customers. The customers are always right, but obviously he didn't get that.Glad to say that we got our money back but I'm sure as hell not going back to that store. I suggest that no one shops here, there are a lot of LV stores on the strip with better customer service and if you do plan on still going, I wish you good luck.
5	BEST LV in LV (hehe!) This one at the city center is probably the headquarter (if I could guess right) but then again there are like 5 LVs within a 5 mile radius.Love this place, best selection (the largest ever!) and people are pretty nice...they ARE competing against Bottega, Chanel, Dior and everyone on the block. Wowza!
5	This location is large and beautiful!Came here to inquire about some repairs that needed to be done on a bag I purchased at the LV store in the Forum Shops. Staff was helpful and friendly. Answered all my questions and gave me a repair quote. Hopefully I can be back soon for my next LV purchase ;)
4	I came in for a birthday purchase. :DWe were visiting from the bay area. Our first time in Vegas.My fiancee has made it a point to visit this store. He was IN LOVE with the SLALOM SN shoes he saw online. He was like a kid in a candy store. We entered through the third floor of the store, and he practically flew down three flights of stairs to find the shoes. Thankfully, he was helped with Brian S. who patiently answered all of his questions. I on the other hand, stayed on the third floor and wondered around. I was greeted three times while floating from one showcase to the next. However, I didn't feel that my presence had any importance to the staff on the third floor.  It was mediocre "hello", similar to those I get from Macy's associates scrambling to close the store. Originally, I wasn't impressed by any of the pieces. It didn't help that no one asked if they could assist me either. I dragged myself the first floor after seeing how excited my fiancee was. The stairs made me quite dizzy. It was wood and glass and the lights  which reflected off of them were almost blinding. On the first floor, I saw the shoes he loved. On the display, they were ok. Not something I would've picked out on the first glance. I walked around the first floor while waiting for Brian to get the right size shoes for my fiancee. I wasn't asked if I needed help on the first floor either. Just greeted hi and hello. I sat on the stools in the men's shoe department when Brian asked if I saw any particular piece I wanted to get. I said no and that I wasn't excited. He disappeared and came back with another associate. He introduced me to Edward. My favorite of all the associates I came in contact to while staying in Vegas. Edward took his time grabbing "this" and "that" bag for me. Among those were the Berkeley, Bergamo Damier MM & GM, Artsy and a couple other ones.  He explained my options and the possibilities for each bag. I didn't end up buying anything on the spot. We left after my fiancee paid for his shoes and we visited the grand canal shoppes and the bellagio stores too. In the end of the night I decided on the Bergamo Damier GM. We came back 10pm that night and sadly Edward had already finished his shift. I was helped by Sarah and she was very helpful too. The bag I got wasn't in tip top shape though. :( The gold piece that closed the bag was scratched. This was after I asked her to grab me a new one in the back. I've purchased so many LV's and not once did it have any scratches prior to leaving the store. It didn't have the blue anti scratch film on it either. :( Now, I'm going to find another Bergamo somewhere in the Bay area and see if I could switch it out for an unscratched one. UGHHH
5	I am adding to a previous review of this Louis Vuitton location.  My hubby surprised me with a Valentine's Day day trip.  We called ahead and requested Yvette.  She was waiting for us when we arrived.  She showed us all items we requested to see,  gave us Evian water and spent a good couple of hours with us.  I ended up purchasing an Epi Speedy 30 and Oh Really peeptoe pumps.  I also got my bag hot stamped and she was so helpful with showing me the font sizes and colors.  She helped me make my experience perfect.  When I picked up my speedy later that day, she gave my husband and I two boxes of Louis Vuitton chocolates!  A week later, I received the most lovely, handwritten card from her in the mail.  she even gave us her personal cell phone number for when we plan to be in town again.  She is truly a genuinely wonderful SA.  She is well versed in all things Vuitton (vintage and current).  I will say that in the past, I had a terrible experience with a SA named Joel.  He was a snooty jerk who seemed to feel he was above everyone.  I came in one evening to have a bag hot stamped and he rolled his eyes and said "I'm off, but I guess I can help you".   I will only deal with Yvette here and this review is 5 star because of her.  If you are visiting this location, AVOID Joel!  Yvette was exceptional and the other SAs were nice as well.
1	You would think a store that sells such expensive items would spend a little more time training it's staff. Or possibly spending a little more time finding staff with better customer service skills. I understand that customers shopping at such a high end place can be snobby, but that is no reason to treat all customers like a snob. I came in this LV because it was closest to my hotel, and I needed to make an exchange. I was helped by this woman, whose name I did not catch, she was a medium skin tone and her hair was pulled back tight. I described her to my friends who made a purchase here the previous day, and they instantly knew who I was talking about and had the same bad experience. I came to exchange a gift because I wanted it in a different design, and so she pulled one out, didn't even try and let me look at it first before trying to complete the transaction. I had to stop her and ask to check it first. If someone is spending so much money on something, wouldn't you at least let them see it first? And then when I asked to see another one, she wasn't very happy. Maybe it's because it's an exchange, so she doesn't get commission from the transaction or something, but that is no excuse to be snobby. When I settled for the second one she brought out, she asked what was wrong with the first one, to which I explained, there was a scratch on the hardware, and it wasn't made in France. Now I'm not particularly anal about whether or not the item is made in France. The main reason as to why I wanted it made in France is because the previous day, my friends went through a lot of trouble to find one in another print made in France for me. I noticed in other comments that this is one of the largest LV stores. That doesn't do the store any good when they have staff like the one I experienced that look down upon you and is straight up rude. For those of you considering making a purchase at LV, I would consider another store. There's only a store every other block on the strip.
4	I'm guessing everyone's experience is a hit or miss, based on all the reviews I have seen on this page, but hey, it's a Louis Vuitton 3-level super store at the city center. After our dinner at Mastro's Ocean Club, we stopped by the Louis Vuitton to check out some bags, since my cousin wanted to purchase one sometime in the near future. I didn't think much, expensive store, with expensive items, but the store was pretty well kept, everything was organized, able to grab and look at. Yes there are security guards around each doors to monitor the traffic and if anyone is shoplifting.As we walked around, we asked one of the salesperson, decked out in Louis Vuitton gear, to see the bag behind the counter and she was very nice, helpful, no attitude and gave us some background information about the bag that we were looking for. We asked for another color to look at and didn't mind getting it for us. Not too bad, I mean I think she knew we didn't intend to buy, but hey she didn't give us no attitude. (my cousin wanted to get a bag made in France, as some bags sold now are made in Spain, or even the United States.)I'll be back when I decide to get a wallet for myself. Hopefully good service continues.
4	When you walk in the doors, you half expect the white light and angels singing. the store is huge, it's three levels of LV! We were staying in Aria and I was on my mission to buy myself a purse. Being that there is a lot of City Center, it was hard to pick. My girlfriend and I went in here and I'm not actually sure how long we spent, other than probably too long. The sales staff was wonderful, taking us to the different levels and showing us what they had. The selection was unreal, I don't think I've ever seen that much in one place. It was a very nice layout, plenty of staff to ask questions and most of all, no judgement. How awesome is that. Sadly there was nothing I wanted, I got one from Prada instead, but I will definitely come back to this location upon my next Vegas trip.
5	My wallet got raped here.  However, the service was great, the location is perfect, and the selection is plentiful.  At least my wallet got raped in a nice place.i wish i remembered the associates name that helped us.  He was a filipino guy.  He was cool and not pushy at all.
3	The store is set up very nice, each floor has plenty of eye candy I browsed the entire store and was told "take your time and let me know if you have any questions..." the SA's were all courteous and friendly -- and although not pushy did what is necessary to close the deal. The SA did not hesitate pulled out 4 or 5 different bags to help me make a decision. At The location two blocks down they were tooo busy talking to each other so, I had security direct me to this one.We Drove here from our hotel and the parking lot was closed off, so we parked at the Aria hotel.The overall experience was good, nothing like the bad experiences others have had. Ive tested the water in Costa Mesa and Santa Monica just to browse and service has not been a problem. Sidenote: I didn't get any water or candy like other reviewers, what's up with that Loll next time I'm going to purchase on Valentines Day.
1	The store is beautiful and is the only one in Vegas that carries ready to wear but I will NEVER shop there again. I will go to any of the other Louie stores or order offline from now on. I was extremely disappointed with thier customer service. I have never been treated so badly while shopping at a luxury store.
5	Wow, I been to numerous Louis Vuitton and this is the biggest one. Three story's of merchandise.The staff is always super friendly and not stuck up. like you find in some high line stores.They are very patient and will work with you to find what you are looking for.Since it is the biggest, the selection is amazing. If it's LV ,they have it here.I miss the chocolates they use to give you.If it was up to me i would never go back, but it's up top my wife we will be there on our next trip to Las Vegas.
1	Worst customer service!  Walked in to be ignored throughout the entire store.  First floor there were about 3 salespeople...one who was with another customer another who was just standing around staring iyo space and another who was too busy looking at a piece of paper to even notice I was there.  I get to the second floor where the jewelery is and encounter 3 more associates, two were too busy talking to eachother and another who was just standing around...finally get to the third floor and its the same unwelcome.feeling.  I see the purse that I want and wait for someone to help me, but I guess they were too busy waiting for someone who looked like an "LV" shopper, whatever the hell that looks like.  At this point I'm ready to walk out when out of the back, a sales associate asks finally asked me if she could help me find something.  Her name was Maricel... She took her time to show me different styles and even gave her opinion.. she could have easily got me to buy a larger and more expensive purse in which I originally had intended to, but was honest in her opinion on a smaller size.  If not for her attentativeness, I would have walked out if there empty handed.  I don't see myself shopping at this particular location again, but if I had to, I will only buy from Maricel!  By the way, store is beautiful but with crappy service overall, your better off at a smaller store with better customer service.
5	My favorite Louis Vuitton store.They have almost everything in stock and the sales people are super friendly and helpful. We usually deal with Teresa but the last time she wasn't in, another sales person helped us and it was fine. 5 stars for having the biggest selection of items and the super friendly staff.
4	This is one of the larger LV shops (inside the Wynn) on the strip and the selection is definitely better than the others.Service-wise, I'm drawn to the Asian gals who work here as they don't seem pretentious and are very friendly.  The Japanese lady who helped me was nice and helpful.  The only real intimidating factor is the security guard who hovers close to the customers looking at the merchandise... slightly uncomfortable.Overall, I came here on a mission and that mission was successful.
4	Ryan, the visual director did an amazing job laying out this two-story LV store
5	The largest Louis Vuitton store ive ever been to.Went here with my boyfriend to purchase a Keepall60 monogram.  Really Really great service from an older woman sales associate. I forget her name =/ She was so knowledgeable about inventory and stock. She went above and beyond her duties as a sales associate. I cant wait to go back and have her assist me.
4	Beautiful store with a ton of options!!  It seems like most of the negative reviews I have read have to do with customer service and I would have to agree, but my "beef" is more with the security.  As soon as me and my buddies came into the store I could feel security burning a hole through us (wow that sounds somewhat inappropriate lol).  We were there for a wallet and some sunglasses.  The store's layout is very simple so you can find exactly what you're looking for with no hassle.  Check out is a breeze and the lady that helped me with the purchase was super nice.  Going to definitely make coming to the Louis store a must whenever I'm in Sin City.
5	So I was a good girl and my boyfriend decided to buy me something nice.  After much research he decided that an old name like Louis Vuitton that is one of the oldest well made names in his mind was it.  He did much research and decided this was the store to do it in.My boyfriend can blend into the woodwork very easily which can in turn make him not be noticeable.  He loves that, but in this instance he did need some help a girl did not ignore him and he knew exactly what he wanted.  A Mon Monogram an experience with a bag, with this bag you get to choose certain aspects of the bag personalize it.  You can chose certain aspects of the outside detail it and the inside lining color.  This location has the largest area to do so and offers Champagne while you choose your bag.  Mine took hours to choose and customize many glasses of champagne were consumed.There are over 200000 choices to be made so sit back enjoy and let the girls pamper you!  They will pamper you and make you feel like a celeb or princess or, or, or just enjoy...  The only bad side of the experience was I had to wait 6 weeks for my hand made Bag from Paris just for me one of a kind, unless for some odd reason someone chooses to use my exact initials! High on my list of pampering splurges!
4	There must be at least 700 LV stores in Vegas, and while I've had good service at all of them, I've had a few exceptional shopping experiences at this location. On my last visit, Christine B. was fantastic, helping me pick out a handful of small gifts for various people on my list- calling a few other local stores when an item I was looking for wasn't in stock. I know people sometimes find LV stores (staff?) intimidating, but if you walk in with a smile (or a giant bag of cash- kidding!) and ask for assistance, you'll almost always find the SAs to be great.
5	My goodness. I recently came to the Louis Vuitton store to check out the Akhob exhibit by James Turrell. I won't go into too much detail because you need to experience the exhibit yourself; it is really interesting and a sight to see. You can make an appointment at (702) 730-3150. It took me about a week to set an appointment, but the wait was well worth it. When I arrived my guide, Gerome, was waiting for me. Anyway, the exhibit really is fantastic and I left feeling very much refreshed, although the experience can be a bit disorienting at first. After you check out the exhibit you are given a guide through the store. Gerome showed me their personal shopping area and talked a bit about how the brand sponsors artists and commissions pieces for their stores (I did not know this). He showed me the titanium chandelier that is hanging at the front, designed by Peter Marino. It is enormous and quite spectacular. At the back they have artwork by Lionel Esteve, a bunch of colorful, Plexiglas-like cubes that are supposed to resemble dice. Gerome was very affable and easy to talk to; I truly applaud the store's efforts to make it accessible and not intimidating. Even if you can't afford anything in the store, I recommend you at least make an appointment to see Akhob and make the most of your journey at Crystals to peruse the beautiful objects in the store.
5	If I had to vote, I would hands down recommend this LV was one of the best in the country! Not only is the staff and their customer service impeccable, the inventory at this location is everything one could ask for and more! I believe our associate stated that it was the largest LV in the country - and I would believe it!The ready-to-wear section had about everything I needed for the approaching season and I was able to pick up a fantastic sweater to prepare me for the upcoming fall in Colorado! The staff was extremely knowledgable and instantly knew what was in stock when I had questions about color selections and sizing.They also carried a fantastic selection of watches, as well as about every bag a guy or girl could ask for, and any accessory! OH! And they can also hot stamp at this location - if you are into that sorta thing and looking for a way to personalize your bag or wallet! Unfortunately, the location in Denver doesn't offer this service in house, so if was appreciative to see that they offer this here and are more than happy to ship it to you when it is finished!Seriously, if you have the dough to drop and a hankering for something nice, definitely head to this location in the Crystals and you won't be disappointed!
1	Very disappointed to write a bad review because my wife loves LV.   In fact, I was just in the store in Bangkok last week and purchased a nice handbag that was sold out here in the US.   Walked in to spend a ton of money in hopes to surprise my wife with an additional bags that she didn't think she was getting.   2 associates walked right by me at an hour before closing.   Unbelievable.   I was so pissed.   Said something to someone and proceeded to walk over to Gucci and spend much more than I would have at LV.I don't care if associates are paid by commission or bonus or none of the above.   Do your job and offer the best customer service that you would think you would get from a high end brand.   The manager should be let go for something as simple as that!My 2 cents....from a pissed off former customer.
5	OH MY GOD. Exactly the words that came out of my mouth when I walked into this store.  This is the largest LV location in North America and the 5th largest worldwide. I think I saw things in here that I've never seen in other locations. It's 3 stores of whoa, bougie LV. Honestly, I wish they would stop increasing their prices, they increase their prices 2-3x a year. WTF.Everything is openly displayed with plenty of associates. You do, however, have to wait for help. Most of the time the associates are busy with people - either selling or giving out suggestions. The associates can be aloof, but you will encounter the one who wants to help you - then just give them your sale and all. However, it's just pretty to walk in and check out what you want, need, wish and dream about! There are vintage pieces that are displayed (not sure if those are on sale).
5	Out of the 2 LV stores in the strip area this one at The shops at Crystal's is the superior location for size, selection and inventory.It is actually a 3 level store.I took my wife here since it is attached to The Aria Resort and Casino where we enjoy staying.Our sales person assisting us was easy going not pushy, intelligent and tactful.She made our purchase pleasant and relaxing. We were offered soft drinks and bottled water.We ended up with a mid line monogram purse and a monogram wallet. My wife was also pleased with the service hereOverall a very pleasant experience! In the future we will use this location only when in Vegas.
1	I was going to buy something for my wife in this LV, but one sales representative was extremely rude to us. Stepped out for another LV immediately.
1	BEWARE: If you have a problem or defect with your purchase, LV will not remedy the situation. I stopped by this location yesterday and received horrible customer service. I have a wallet that was purchased at another LV store and it was clearly defective. I wish I could add a photo to the review to show the problem with the wallet. After using the wallet just a few times, all of the credit card slots were curled backwards.  The first sales person who helped us said this was normal wear and tear (even though the wallet was hardly used.) Later, he backtracked and said he had seen this particular problem with this wallet in humid climates.  (Now we're getting somewhere...the wallet was purchased in Florida.) He also said the wallet was made to be light and thinner than most of their wallets and the credit card slots had a canvas backing which contributed to them curling. (Again, this seems like a problem with the product!) Bottom line, they suggested that we put heavy books on the wallet to flatten out the slots....Are you kidding me??  Who wants to buy an LV wallet and lay books on it to keep the inside material from curling. I spoke with the manager. They would not exchange the wallet for a new one, would not offer a credit toward another wallet without the canvas backing, and claimed it was not possible to repair the wallet.  It was made very clear that they did not care. Horrible customer service!  Do yourself a favor and go to Bottega Veneta inside Crystals. They have beautiful bags and I can vouch that they stand behind the craftsmanship and quality of their products. Best of all, they are friendly unlike the pretentious crew at Crystals LV who have no interest in retaining their customers  after they make the sale.
5	Oh the best thing I love about Vegas is shopping! Me & my friend went here because she decided she want to buy her first LV bag and I was shopping for a wallet for my dad it was Father's Day the coming week, the SA was super helpful but of course I already knew what I wanted and I decided to get engrave his initial onto the wallet to make it personalize and the service was super fast we pick it up the same day!
2	I walked in on a mission! I had an idea already of what I wanted but right when I walked in I fell in love with a totally different purse. I noticed that there was two sales associates helping some people out but the place wasn't too busy or crowded for a Saturday afternoon. I walked around and patiently waited for someone to be available to help or even just acknowledge us. I mean cmon, it is LV, I would expect great customer service and at least a hello. Sadly that's where I had to deduct the stars. I had a question about the purse I had fallen in love with and after waiting over 10 minutes for someone to help me out, one of the ladies reluctantly walked over with a poor attitude to help me out. I was wondering if the purse was available in black and if it would be possible to see it being that that one was locked to the counter. She brought it over and didn't really say too much to me. Didn't ask me about myself, where we were from or even bothered to introduce herself. Being a high end brand, customer service here needs to be a whole lot better. I know I wasn't giving off the 'I'm ballin' vibe but at least don't judge me on that. How would she know I wasn't going to just buy something??? So the purse was available in black but not at the store. Sadly it was also way out of my budget haha but it was still nice to dream.I then proceeded to ask for the one I had been eyeing (one of the speedys). She mentioned that she didn't have it on that floor and that it was at the first floor.. hmmmm ok?? Am I suppose to apologize to her for the trouble? Sorry Not Sorry. She didn't really excuse herself but just walked away. After a few minutes she came back with it and explained how to care for it. Not much conversation there.  Once she saw that the husband was ready to pay (don't judge guys, this is my birthday and Christmas present! it is very very nice of him to get me this), the sales person attitude completely changed!!! She was so nice and eager to help. I found that a bit rude and I was honestly tempted to just walk away. I would like my experience to be a lot better and friendlier. I have been to a good handful of LV stores and had experienced better customer service even when I had just walked in to ask questions and browse. Sad to say this sales associates attitude is poor unless you are ready to make a purchase. Not sure if maybe she was having a bad day but I am sure that this is not ok for LV standards. I would like to feel like a valued customer whether browsing or making a purchase. Def not the best experience. I felt judged and undervalued. Wouldn't shop here again. OH and get this, if I was to have purchased the black purse that they did not have available (she mentioned that there is only 10 in the US available) I would have to pay for shipping to exchange the item. The black purse is 5k+...are you kidding me?? You wouldn't be able to waive the shipping fee? Not my fault it is not at this location and I am not sure if that is LV's policy. Sigh. I am sure if I had made the purchase elsewhere, they would want to keep their customers happy and provide them with a better experience. My experience was horrible here. Long waits for help and poor attitudes. I'm tempted to send out an email to let higher up know. I don't think this is the type of attitude anyone in customer service should have. I guess in the end, she did her job and did her 'best' to help me out.
1	Great! I just realized my sales associate didn't give me a lock and key with my purse. This location will be getting a very very angry phone call from me later today. Very disappointed. If you do make the mistake of buying from this location, I would suggest you don't do what I did and not check your items. You trust them that everything will be correct and sadly you get home to find out it's not. Ugh!
2	This LV is still the best stocked LV I've been to. The last time I was here, I came with my family and they were waiting to use the restroom. One of the male employee came and told them they couldn't wait there and stood by them until they moved from the area. He acted like they were about to steal something. It was totally unprofessional.
4	I came to Louis Vuitton to see the permanent art exhibit of James Turrell called Akhob.  The art installation is on the 4th floor of the Louis Vuitton store.  The exhibit is open through a reservation process described in the Las Vegas City Life article and phone number mentioned in the review by Jeremy S.On entering the store about 15 minutes early for my appointment time, I was met by an associate who gave me a tour of the store to pass the time until my appointment.  I saw two items of historical significance to the company including a steamer case made in 1911 by the company.We then went to the second floor and I got the chance to see a gaming chest with a roulette wheel on top, cards and chips in various drawers, and a felt layout for roulette.  I believe there was also a felt layout for blackjack and craps also.  There are only two of these gaming chests in the world, this one in Las Vegas and one at their store in Macau.Then we went to the floor where the Turrell exhibit is.  It's not an exhibit as it's an experience.  You are asked to sign a form regarding liability--a waiver if you will.  The women at the installation are very pleasant and very knowledgable.  After talking about the experience, they take you into the adjoining room where you take off your shoes and put on surgical type booties.  There are ten steps to get to the entrance to the first of two arched chambers.  She walks you forward to the front chamber.  There's a small step between the two chambers.  I had been told that they would not speak to me unless I spoke to them.  I remained silent but I found it hard to stop wondering how it all was being done.  Suffice it to say, it's not the kind of art experience you'd be familiar with.  It all involves light and tricking the eyes into seeing the colors that Turrell wants you to see.  During the approximate 20 minute cycle of colors you experience two periods that would remind you of a white out condition in a snowstorm or being in a fogged in area.  At the end, I had several questions and the lead interpreter was very capable answering.  I found where the alarm was located and set it off (no Metro officers were called).  I think it would have been better if I had asked questions during the process rather than at the end, and I would have enjoyed it more if I had someone else with me to bounce questions/reactions off of.This is worth a stop.  There are only three Turrell creations like this in the world all made for the Vuitton company.  It's a fun experience.  Make sure you ask a ton of questions and make sure you read about the Ganzfeld Effect before you go.  If not, they'll explain it to you.At the end of the experience, one of the kind ladies escorts you downstairs in the elevator and leaves you to go about your way.
4	This is probably one of the biggest LV stores I've been to thus far! This particular store is inside the crystals mall adjacent to the sister hotels aria and vdara. It has up to 3 stories with each story being for classic bags, mens/ jewelery/ luggage, and the exclusive level too. My bf won big so he decided to get himself something from the store. We approached a young man that helped us right away and we were able to get in, get what we came for and head out. The customer service is great compared to the other locations in LV. Either we came at a good time or their service is great!
5	Sarah is the best consultant in the store. She greeted us with a smile and heard my needs and directed me to the best products that fit my personality.  Sarah gave us a personal tour. Sarah provides outstanding customer! I'm a repeat customer and will never by and products without Sarah!!SARAH ROCKS!!
1	these people didn't even help me when i wanted to purchase a bag. i asked her to get me a new one and she said "go upstairs and ask". you think I'm not gonna buy your sh*t or something. i just left and later that night got the bag I wanted at the Bellagio location, at least they let me buy it LOL
5	Oh what an expensive a$$ addiction!!!!!! Every time I come in here to purchase something, it's a special treat. =) The sights, the scents....ahhh.....pure bliss.So for Christmas 2014, my ever so loving boyfriend agreed to buy me my dream purse that I've been lusting over for awhile. Our SA, Franco, was a total gem. We went by the store previously to make sure that's the purse I want plus honeylove wanted to see the purse in person. Franco was kind enough to hold a few purses for us until our next visit (a week later) so I can choose which purse is "prettier." He also gave us a courtesy call a couple days into the week to inform us they only have a few of MY purses left. From the first time we met, to when the final transaction was made, Franco was patient and accommodating. We were very pleased with his customer service. I came home that night with a gorgeous Tivoli PM!!!! The way they packaged my box was on point too!!!!! (pics to follow.)Besides Franco, all the other sales associates I've came across with were so nice. Any purse or accessory I wanted to look at, they were more than happy to pull them out for me to look....even though they 100% knew I already had a sale associate currently assisting me...they didn't make it seem like I was a hassle to them.Also, there's a reason why this Louis Vuitton, located at Crystals Shopping Center, have the most reviews out of all other LVs located in this city. Not only is this store TWO STORIES high full of goodies....their sales associates are what makes this store. Even if it may be out of the way for you, still try to shop at this Louis Vuitton. You won't be disappointed with their big inventory plus they got sales associates who won't judge you.
