5	When I saw that my 'hood was getting a new yogurt place... I was all like "pleaseeeeeeeeeeeee please please please be good!"And you know what.  It is FANTASTIC!OMG, the red velvet yogurt flavor... to die for.I love the open concept of the place, and the water bowl for puppies on the patio!This place opened two days ago, and I've been two times already.They have lots of different flavors, ranging from 90-120 calories per four ounce serving.  It's a serve yourself type of place, and has a toppings bar.  There is also a display case that sells Tammie Coe baked goods.YUM!!!!
5	They got me at Red Velvet frozen yogurt! It's crazy good!!! The tart flavor was good but I got to admit I still like Pinkberry's better. They also have Tammy Coe's goodies, but considering I'm trying to eat better, I have to work hard to ignore them and concentrate myself on the yogurt. Luckily, with flavors like Red Velvet, it's not too hard to do.There are other frozen yogurt places near Zoyo. I like it much better than Golden Spoon, which lately have a very weird aftertaste on it sweet flavors. I met one of the owners and he was very nice!I would like to see other toppings like mochi and cheesecake bites. They have a frequent costumer card that I'm sure I won't have trouble filling.
5	This frozen yogurt is amazing. I mean, I love ice cream, but this was just as good, if not better, than any Ben and Jerrys I have ever had! The bar has ample but not overwhelming choices for toppings and even includes fresh mango. My conoction was tart frozn yogurt, va va vanilla, and chocolate....topped with captain crunch, Oreos, mango and strawberries.Writing this review makes me want to return right now!!!
5	Great product, friendly service, convenient location, huge selection of toppings that are displayed nicely. This place is a winner. My only little piece of constructive criticism is about the frequent customer card. While it is awesome that they even offer it in the first place, the maximum value of your free 10th item is only $3.00. It would be nice if the value was more near the amount most customers spend on a typical visit. I find that my usual yogurt creation is in the $4.50-$5 range, and I'm thinking that's actually even lower than most people. I feel bad even bringing this up, because anything for free is better than nothing for free, but I think it is worth mentioning so some people aren't surprised when they fail to read the fine print before redeeming.Edit: I just received a very nice message from someone at Zoyo letting me know that the $3.00 maximum is just there for their protection and so people don't take advantage of the promotion. According to them, everyone has received their 10th yogurt for free so far, no matter what the weight has been. Good to know! I definitely appreciate the personal attention to my review. (And no, they didn't ask me to edit my review, which is exactly why I am doing it!)
5	Yeah, its that good! This place has a complete relaxed atmosphere. There were several customers sitting outside with their dogs enjoying their favorite fro-yo. If I am craving frozen yogurt next time or any type of dessert for that matter, I will be stopping by this place. I tried the Dulche Leche and Chocolate flavors and they were delicious!
5	This place has me hooked! I will take their yogurt over Mojo and the pinkberry knockoffs any day. Cute decor, nice service, and AMAZING flavors. The red velvet is a must. The peanut butter is also fantastic. This place has already become a big hangout in Ahwatukee. They are open late too! Love zoyo!
4	I've passed by this place a few times and noticed it, but never went in until today, and I have to say, as a froyo snob, I actually liked it here!  There weren't as many flavors as Yogurtland, but the few they had were good.  I sampled the strawberry banana and the dulce de leche.  I was particularly smitten with the latter.  (ask for sample cups at the register)I was NOT, however, smitten with the lack of toppings.  Well, to be fair, they were not 'lacking', but they didn't have a couple toppings that I always want on my froyo such as mochi and cheesecake (i'm aware this is a a strange combination, thank you).  As a possible condolence, they did have some toppings that I never noticed at other froyo places such as skittles and nerds.  The atmosphere is chill with seating outside, the decor is quite modern and cheery, and with froyo priced at only 35 cents per ounce, this is a great place to hang with friends, family, and/or your pet (they have water bowls outside).  If you plan to frequent this place often, be sure to grab a punch card.  Buy 9, get the 10th free!
5	Zoyo is another one of those self serve, weigh, and eat yogurt shops. They seem to be the trend now a days. When it opened I was a little skeptical, as it's hard to find anything that differentiates these places from one another. But after visiting a couple of times, I can easily say it's my favorite self serve yogurt bar. The flavors they have are great, and the variety of toppings is more than enough to satisfy my needs. I know some people like to pile on as many flavors as possible and then cover it in crumbled candy bar, but I find doing that just masks the flavor or the yogurt. You might as well just eat a candy bar! For me, the perfect combination that Zoyo offers is the cheesecake yogurt with graham cracker crumbs and raspberry topping. It tastes exactly like a raspberry cheesecake! I keep going back and do my best to bring new people with me every time. This is the kind of place that we need to support. The owners are very nice too, we were all outside chilling after closing time and they brought us free hot chocolate from dunkin donuts (the people that own zoyo own the DD as well, quite the combo). They're just chill you know? It really helps to bring that community spirit when the owners take an active interest in making their customers happy, even at their own expense.
5	Finally a good frozen yogurt place in Ahwatukee! Great flavors (love the Cake Batter), friendly employees, good topping selections (love the fresh fruit), and inexpensive.So delicious, I will definetely be back!
5	I previously committed to my first love, Yogurtland, that she was the fairest  find in Phoenix froyo.  I am now afraid that her crown is in danger of being usurped by this new gem.Zoyo is $0.35/oz., which is $0.05/oz. more than Y-Land.  This really adds up when you get a pint and a half at each pass.  However, Zoyo has creamy flavors, such as Cake Batter-Batter-Batter-SWING and Red Velvet and Cheesecake and mmmmmmmmMMMM it KEEPS GETTING BETTER!  Plus, they have SnoCaps as a topping.  What's up!??!?  (others may also have SnoCaps, but this is the first place where I've noticed them, so props!)  The yogurt itself really is the star of the Zoyo froyo show.Plus, I can walk here in 3 minutes. 3 MINUTES!  I know this is a sinful reason to rate this place so highly, but the rest of the facts and opinions really support my love of Zoyo!  I welcome anyone to come eat at Zoyo with me so I can fill up my punchcard faster!
4	I was visiting a friend who lives right by here last Friday night, and we decided that we must give Zoyo a try so that we could compare it to Yogurtland, Mojo, etc.  The space is nice and open, and they even installed garage style doors so that when the weather is nice the entire store has an indoor/outdoor type of feel.  They had about 8 different flavors, varying from the tart to cake batter.  The cake batter was really good, as was the chocolate.  The topping bar has a huge selection, including some things that I haven't seen at the other yogurt places around town.The thing that really sets them apart is they also have a case full of chocolate dipped confections and cakes from Tammie Coe!  I don't make it down to that side of town very often....but next time I do, I will definitely stop by Zoyo!
5	i am afraid that my first "review" did not adequately express my affinity for zoyo and its manager, michael.  it is by far my favorite yogurt place in the valley.  my only problem with it is that it's in ahwatukee, and i live in glendale.  PLEASE open a zoyo in the west valley.  we like yogurt, too.  :)
4	I absolutely love this place!  We have been huge fans of Mojo, but ever since Zoyo has opened, we havent been back.  I am in love with the Red Velvet flavor.  They  have an outstanding selection of toppings.  The only reason I am not giving Zoyo five stars is because they could have more fruit toppings.  The cheesecake crumbles they offer as a topping are out of this world (and especially good with the Red Velvet yogurt).  The space is nicely lit and open.  We never have a problem bringing our 9 month old with us (they have one high chair) but there is always room for her stroller too.  Plus, it is right next to Dunkin D!  I highly recommend coming here for Froyo and the prices are cheap!
5	Oh Zoyo!! You are way too close to my house, and I am forced to visit you often and much. I am so happy you are here!!!! There is always plain tart - it's a little sweeter than Mojo's, but still wonderful! And the toppings assortment is heavenly- fresh strawberries, blueberries, kiwi, coconut, granola, all the candy choices and nutty nuts. OH - and $0.35/oz? Thank you for being here!!!Two requests:1. More seats please2. If you stamp my card, don't restamp the same spots - because I'm counting, and such consistent naughtiness will lead to a bad review.
1	***UPDATED*** - Please see the update.I have been here before, and while I do really like their Frozen Yogurt, I will not be returning after tonight. The other times I have been in, the staff wasn't very friendly, but at least I ended up with some delicious frozen yogurt. Tonight, three of my friends and I wanted to get some frozen yogurt. We weren't going to be able to make it in until about 10:15PM, though, because of some other stuff going on. We called at 9:00PM to make sure they would be open, and were told that they would be open until 11:00PM. I thought, "Awesome! Here comes my froyo!" When we got there, the sign on the door even said that they were open until 11:00PM (It was about 10:20PM when we walked in). When we walked in, we were promptly told that it was closed. Despite being told over the phone that they were open until 11:00PM and the sign in front saying 11:00PM, we were told to leave and did not get our frozen yogurt. We weren't even offered an explanation, just repeatedly told "We closed at 10:00PM tonight."
1	I had never been to Zoyo before although I heard good things about the froyo from friends the same could not be said about the staff. Last night my friends and I were out and decided that I had to go to Zoyo. We called about 9 just to verify that they were going to be open until 11 and they confirmed that yes they would be. We showed up at approximately 1020 and were told nothing other than they were closed. We asked why, especially when they door said that were suppose to be open until 11 and she gave us no reason but again stated that they were closed. Oh, I'm sorry I'm inconveniencing you by asking you to do your job. Needless to say there are enough delicious froyo and ice cream places with happy staffs around that I have other options. Unfortunately my one experience with Zoyo was bad enough that I will not get to have an actual experience.
4	Pretty good craft your own then weigh it froyo joint
4	So, after my original review, I was contacted by Mike B., the GM of Zoyo contacted me and was very concerned with how we were treated. He invited us in to apologize and for a free Froyo. When we arrived, we spoke with Ryan, the manager working at the time. He was very concerned about what happened when we went last week and very apologetic. He assured us that they were, indeed, supposed to be open until 11:00PM and that we should not have been told otherwise. It seemed like they were working very hard to try to figure out why that happened and to prevent it from ever happening again. The people we saw and spoke to today were also far more friendly and had a much nicer attitude than whoever asked us to leave the first time.As for the Froyo, it was delicious. I had the Very Berry Sorbet, and it was excellent, despite being the Non-dairy option. Most Froyo places have a tough time maintaining the good flavor with a non-dairy option, but Zoyo did not have that problem! In fact, I even opted to not add toppings to the Froyo because it was tasty enough on it's own. All-in-all, I would recommend this place. It seems that our unfortunate first visit was a fluke and is very unlikely to happen again, and if the GM's response wasn't great customer service, then I don't know what is. So, if you are in the area and need to get your Froyo on, definitely give Zoyo a try!
4	After my initial review I was contacted by Mike B., the General Manager of Zoyo. He seemed very concerned with how we were treated and apologized not only for the whole experience but also offered us free froyo. When one of my friends and I got there unfortunately we were not able to talk to Mike because he was not in that day, we were able to talk to the manager working at the time, Ryan. He again apologized for the employee originally kicking us out and was very concerned what employee it was although he seemed to have narrowed it down. All in all it showed that they truly care about the experience you have at Zoyo and want it to be a fantastic one. Now on to the froyo, I'm quite happy that this experience gave me a reason to go back in because now that I have actually eaten there I  can't even imagine going to Mojo, Golden Spoon, Yogurtini, or any of the other 100s of places when Zoyo is literally right down the street. All of the flavors are amazing although in my opinion very berry blast was the best. All in all next time I want froyo I will be returning to Zoyo.
5	On my last visit, I noticed they DID add more seats! Fantastic!!!AND they didn't double punch the frequent visitor card. The Fruit Punch Tart flavor is delish!!!My new favorite spot.
5	I absolutely love goin to this place. My friends and I will come here everytime we have a craving for something sweet! I try to go to zoyo at least once a week. The price is also something else to add to the things that I love about this place. It's a great bang for your buck!Zoyo has an awesome atmosphere that makes you feel like you're in the coolest place eva!!!
4	Tart frozen yogurt and fresh fruit.  They even have those crazy little mochi things I like.  It's not as good (flavor wise) as MoJo's, but it is only a few miles away from home so they get points for that.  The toddler LOVES coming here and building a yogurt with crazy candy toppings.  It's a little kid's wet dream.  Tart frozen yogurt with lots of toppings in Ahwatukee.  Yeah!
4	I came here because I saw it from the road and wanted to give it a try.  I'm really glad I did becuase it was tasty goodness!The layout is cool.  Has a few roll up garage doors that are glass, along with inside and outside seating.  They had a variety of flavors, and many toppings to choose from.  I went with the red velvet yogurt with sprinkles and strawberries.  Total?  3 bucks and change.  The people working here were young and upbeat, along with helpful and nice.I would return, and really enjoyed my time here.
5	With constantly changing flavors and owners who aren't afraid to experiment with odd combinations, how could you not love it? You get what you want, pay what you want, and get to interact with helpful and friendly staff. Who could complain?
5	Came in after a night at Teharu and this place was poppin'. And even though they don't offer smoothies, they have mochi!!!Of course I went straight for the red velvet, but I added a few globs of dulce de leche and peanut butter, and tons of mochi.I'm sorry Mojo, but Zoyo is my new yogurt lover.
5	So after reviewing Mad Chef and checking around other places in our neighborhood, my boyfriend says "What about that frozen yogurt place across from the gym?." So I Yelp Zoyo...to find very favorable reviews! After reading several tempting reviews I come to the startling realization that I'm in the mood for froyo! We ventured the mile and change to Zoyo, and it was worthwhile! Indecisive diners beware, the combinations are endless! After making our way along the selection of flavors, not an overwhelming amount, but to be honest, I don't know if I could have handled anymore, we tackle the topping bar. Everything from Skittles, to Butterfinger, to fresh berries to chocolate rocks. They have every topping you ever wanted and things you didn't even know you needed! Just when you think it's over and you think your concoction has achieved froyo perfection, there's about 7 sauces standing between you and the register, caramel, chocolate sauce, marshmallow, raspberry and so on. $8 and change for two generous portions of yogurt and goodies. The people working there are friendly enough and helpful, they keep the tables and equipment fairly well wiped down. (side note: I know hindsight is 20/20, but they probably should not have gone with the clear chairs. They are comfortable for plastic chairs, but the clear really makes them look dirty and scratched. Opaque would have been a wiser choice.) The concoctions were: 1) Ginger Lemonade - plain - I think this is one of their non-dairy options. Delicious! The flavors tasted real and very refreshing. I would get this again! I just have to figure out how to top it!...perhaps raspberry sauce... 2) Mountain Blackberry - chocolate chips - So tasty! A little boring I know, but the yogurt has such a nice flavor that it doesn't need much dressing up. 3) Cheesecake - some strawberries, some peanut butter cup - Actually the most disappointing. It didn't really taste like cheesecake that much. But I don't want to be too judgmental, there was a whole lot going on in that cup, and in my mouth. 4) Red Velvet - Plain- One of the richer flavors, perhaps mixing it with the cheesecake would lighten it up a little 5) Mountain Blackberry - raspberries - can't really go wrong there 6) Cheesecake - white chocolate chips - A classic flavor combo, not bad. 7) Tart - strawberries- Tart was good, definitely needs a topping, like the fruit. VERY long story short, being members of the LA Fitness across the street....we're going to do some serious damage at that Zoyo! Can you say frequent customer card? :)
4	While we were finishing up at Forefathers, I checked my mobile Yelp app to see what else was in the area.  Zoyo popped up and the reviews were good so I asked my daughter if she wanted dessert.  Silly me, of course she said yes! It was a short drive to Zoyo.  I passed it the first time cause my GPS said it was on my right but nooooo it was on the left.  We made a quick u-turn and there we were.  It was clean and well lit and nicely laid out.  If I remember correctly there were either 10 or 12 different flavors.  I had Red Velvet and Banana.  YUM!  The Red Velvet was delish!  My daughter had RV and Cake Batter.  They had all the standard toppings and the topping area as well as the yougurt area was very clean.  The young people (oh god I sound old!) that were tending to the counter were pretty efficient and friendly.  There was pleanty of seating too.  Some nice larger, round tables and then what looked like a hallway had some smaller tables for two.  There were also tables outside.  It was a Saturday night and there seemed to be a steady stream of people coming in while we were there.  Some stayed, some got theirs to go.  They also had two flat screen tvs on the wall .  One was playing The Bee Movie and the other had Soccer.  Overall our experience here was a good one and we will be back.  I may even bump it up to 5 stars after I try more flavors.  Although if they always have Red Velvet......but then again it's good to try new things.  Thank you Zoyo!
5	They have pumpkin pie as a seasonal flavor right now! Pumpkin pie with the cheesecake cubes, graham cracker crumbs and caramel sauce...it will change your life!
3	Btwn what we bought and sampled, it was over half the flavors... maybe the mistake was getting banana bread and pumpkin flavors... cuz it was an artificial taste mess.  The staff was very friendly, and they definitely must keep the toppings area very tidy... this was the best assortment I've seen (and cleanest looking).  Red velvet was good, but this isn't a place for us to go out of the way for...
4	Like many reviewers I couldn't resist the red velvet - I swirled the red velvet and cake batter and it was delicious.  They have fewer flavors (10 total) than some of the other yogurt places, but it is off set by the expansive selection of toppings.It is also one of the cleanest frozen yogurt places I have ever been to.
5	Great place !
5	The first time we stepped into this place we fell head over heals in love! It's got everything we've ever wanted! The place was clean for a buffet, the guys behind the counter were nice and laughed at my jokes, the yogurt was delicious and the variety of toppings was awesome! I would only change one thing about Zoyo, the availability of smaller cups. It makes for a hard battle of will power when the only options are large, and extra large.
4	I have to say I like Zoyo yogurt and its many fantastic toppings.  I stopped by here after lunch for a quick fifteen minutes of peace and solitude.  It was nirvana.  I usually mix up five or so flavors and pack on the toppings.However, I did not like this location compared to the other ones.  It does not have the space and simply feels like a strip mall version of the real thing.  Yes, the taste is the same, but the aesthetics are lacking.It seems like a high school and family oriented desert shop in the 'burbs, hence the loss of a star.
1	Besides the girl at the counter being friendly, this is as bad as it gets. Fake flavor, sickly sweet and runny, no substance yogurt. As a bonus, you'll enjoy the pretentious ambiance with loud, irritating music. All the positive reviews must be from people who have lived in Arizona too long to know what good food is supposed to taste like. McDonald's ice cream is much better than this tripe.
4	We love this lil frozen yogurt spot. It is very clean and we like to stop in on Wednesday nights for 1/2 off pajama night! lol. Anytime we can run into a place in pajamas is A-OK for me & my girls :) The red velvet is a fav for my girls and I like to try something diffrent everytime. I agree w/ a previous post someone said about the cup size. They should offer a smaller size, but I guess you can just watch what you put in yourself lol.Only thing I would say as a recommendation, is they should label their toppings bar.
4	Zoyo is the best froyo option in the Ahwatukee/Chandler area. The flavors are all really good, topping selection is great, and the people working there always seem friendly. I take my daughters here at least once a week. They love it. The only thing stopping me from giving it 5 stars is that it seems like they've stopped rotating in new flavors lately. For the past couple months, I've pretty much had to stick with a mix of cake batter and oatmeal cookie, which is good, but I'd like to see a few flavor changes like some of the other places in the area.
4	Zoyo is a very cute self serve yogurt place. I love the garage doors they open on nice days. The staff is friendly, the place is clean and it has good parking. I don't mind changes in the flavors because I like the adventure and possibility of something new on each visit. I must say almost everyone I have seen there has been extremely overweight. Some people want smaller cups and I agree. I can put a small amount into the large cup, but it feels chintzy. If they had smaller cups, like at gelato places, I would feel a bit more psychologically satisfied. The large cups are to increase their sales, but what ends up happening is that I don't go there so I don't have to deal with the temptation.
2	Look its a fad and this time I have to do the work and play guess the price!This was my first venture into the self serve yogurt world outside of 3rd rate work cafeterias. And I did not like it. Many unlabeled toppings, a seemingly chaotic pricing scheme and a unclear method to the madness.Walk in and a wall of yogurt taps will face you, above each one is a small LCD with flavor and calorie info. There is a stack of large cups at the end of that wall. There is a counter of toppings and staff. Some of the toppings are not obvious on first glance and there were no labes to identify them, nor nutritional info. at $.39 an oz I had no clue what a normal serving or price was, however for two modest cups I was surprised to see a $8 plus tab, especially considering I had to to all of the work.Bring back the gelato fad, or the mixed in ice cream fad even, I will pass of this self serve yogurt fad.
2	While I'm not buying the whole yogurt fad, I will admit there are some pretty good yogurt places around town. Yogurt is good when its done right, and when there are some 'exotic' flavors to try. Acai berry from yogurtland is absolutely one my all-time favorites. But then you have places like this which focus on mediocrity.I'm not trying to bash on this place, but if you've been to both Yogurtland (near ASU) and Zoyo you'd be confused as to where you were. I'm not even joking. The yogurt cups look exactly the same sans the logo, and the dispensing machines look the same to the tee, including the cool LCD screens above them. I think the only difference between this place and Yogurtland is that this place has mediocre flavors.Flavors...that's pretty much the only thing that matters when it comes to frozen yogurt. While its awesome to have the basics, this place seemed to play it too safe. If I want plain vanilla and chocolate yogurt I think I'll just go to McDonald's and get an ice cream cone. The only thing this place excelled at was a plethora of toppings. I would have to say there are over 3-4 dozen different toppings. I suppose if you want a large variety of toppings then this place isn't a bad idea. However, if you're trying to eat healthy (what's the point of eating yogurt if you're not?) then what's the point of toppings?I can understand how such a coincidence could occur, both franchises probably use the same exact supplier. This just makes things confusing. It's like having to pick between Honda and Toyota. Both are 'Japanese' cars manufactured in the US, and have comprable features. It comes down to personal preference. You have to take each for a test drive and figure out what works best for you.
4	I had driven by this spot many times and had a chance to finally stop... I entered the store and grabbed my bowl and went to getting a sample of each flavor that looked good... Oatmeal Cookie, Razzle Dazzle Rasberry, Red Velvet, Tart and cheese cake... I rate them as followed.Oatmeal Cookie - ARazzle Dazzle Rasberry - ARed Velvet - A+++++Tart - BCheese Cake - AI would have to say the Red Velvet was so good... I will be back for sure to get a huge bowl of Red Velvet.
4	The frozen yogurt here is really good. They have a solid line-up of regular flavors as well as some delicious rotations. The frozen yogurt itself is very fairly priced, but the toppings can rack your bill up quickly. It's slightly annoying that you have no idea how much your treat is going to cost until you get to the scale and the register (this is true of all self-serve frozen yogurt places), but if you go light on the toppings, you shouldn't have any nasty surprises.
4	I can only base my rating on the red velvet froyo but it was sooo good! Also, the owner is super duper nice. It's not as close to home as a few other froyo joints, but I'd definitely go back!
3	Special seasonal hrs, call first!
5	Sorry they didn't have red velvet, I was looking forward to it. Nonetheless, the vanilla was excellent and they had some very clever toppings like animal cookies and nerds! Loved it!
3	The original flavor is good and the texture is not too creamy but not too icy. The toppings selection could be better.
1	Machines were broken so 4 less selections of yogurt.Store clerk talked on phone entire time while ringing up customers.Toppings looked old.
4	Super cute and pretty yummy. Plus they had a good amount of toppings to choose from. I loved the cake batter and the caramel flavor yogurt!
5	The best frozen yogurt ever! The cake batter always taste the same. The yogurt is creamy and not to sweet. This location is always clean with a super friendly staff.
2	Seriously, no Chocolate or Red Velvet? Come on!!! Second time I've been here when they've had neither.Yogurtland had Chocolate Malt and another Chocolate variety. I'll stick with them from now on.
3	Pretty quality yogurt place.  Went there last night and ended up getting the salted carmel.  I enjoyed that as well as the cake batter.  I thought the staff was friendly and the place had a neat vibe to it.  Only negative was that I thought they could have had a few more yogurt flavors available, but its no biggie.  Enjoyed my visit and will definitely check out again.
5	Went in today with a gift card that we won at a school raffle! Once again, yummy favors and friendly service! We love just sitting out on the patio enjoying our creations! Thanks Zoyo! You Rock!
4	This was the first Zoyo in the area that kicked off the other locations across town; also the first one I ever went to. As per usual, nothing too different happening here. It's what you'd expect for a frozen yogurt place. A variety of flavors, toppings bar, 42 cents an ounce. Looks like most of the other locations too with the roll up, glass garage doors with both indoor and patio seating. No cramped feeling at all.  They usually have Red Velvet here (first flavor I tried), but not on my most recent trip.Unlike the McClintock and Guadalupe location in Tempe these guys are NOT sample cup hoarders. Extra star just for that! They also have trash cans on the patio. Priorities, people! Also, what makes this location my favorite is the customer service. The District Manager that used to be here a lot, Mike, is hilarious and would always come out on the patio to chat my friends and I up. He also was so kind and decided NOT to slaughter me for coming in decked out in a Colorado State University top on my first visit (was in town for a track meet). Therefore, I forgive him for being a University of Colorado Alum / BUFF fan. See?! Frozen yogurt smoothing out a bitter, longtime Colorado college football (and everything else) rivalry. Kind of. ;) Nice place to hit up in Ahwatukee if you need that froyo fix!
4	While visiting friers from Phoenix we ran by here one night for a halftime break.  Good selection of yogurt flavors.  Good selection of toppings.  Very clean inside and out.
5	Love this place! They have a great variety of frozen yogurt which changes often and a huge selection of toppings. The staff is always friendly, even when we show up 5 mins before closing! :) They also offer a selection of house made treats, like chocolate covered pretzels and such.
3	The yogurt was great, but the staff was completely MIA. I literally walked into an empty store, helped myself to soft serve, added toppings, and then sat at the counter with my bowl on the scale for 5-10 minutes before anyone came out to ring me up. They also had Sponge Bob Square Pants playing on the TV the entire time I was there, which was a strange thing to have in a Zoyo store (at least in my opinion). All that being said, however, their frozen yogurt was pretty good and the toppings were plentiful. I wouldn't necessarily seek this place out if I was in the mood for some froyo, but I wouldn't have anything against returning if friends wanted to go either. Just a so-so experience.
