5	Jason's Delis are like little signs from god/s/ess/esses that he/she/it/they love(s) us.  (Trying to be all inclusive here.)  I mean, seriously, you can look at the world and see war, famine, prejudice and wonder where the divine is in all that, but then I charge you to go to Jason's Deli and get a baked potato the size of a football.  Therein lies the divine, people.But really, to stop with the blasphemy, Jason's is just rad.  The lines can get long if you go at lunch time rush hour, but that's because this place is darned good, people.  Plus, the line always moves quickly.  Everything I've ever got here is delightful, but I'm pretty partial to their broccoli cheese soup (oh, sweet baby Jesus), the California Club (sprouty sprouty yum time), the Beefeater and, when I dine in, I'm always hittin' up their bangin' salad bar.Plus, once my friend Jen and I went and had the best summer afternoon meal of our lives when we saw a man dressed as Elvis and a pirate AT THE SAME TIME.  The aforementioned delicious broccoli cheese soup almost came out of my nose.  If the food didn't keep me coming back, the possibility of seeing Pirate Elvis again sure would.
5	Jason's is awesome. I love the spinach veggie wrap. I get it EVERY time, and it's always good. This is a perfect place for a business lunch, or just a lunch with your co-workers. It's popular for the UNLV fac/staff crowd. They have a business card bowl, so bring your cards.
5	my friend and i just happen to find this place accidentally when our plane home was overbooked and the airline placed us at some cheap hotel off the strip..but i will forever thank the airline for that because of them i have found the most amazing deli this world has ever seen ..im serious.. i got the club royale sandwhich and the plane jane potato and i swear i had died and gone to heaven ! !
4	I've been going to this place since I graduated college in '02.  I never ate in a deli before so this was my first experience.  Boy am I glad I went!  This place is always busy for lunch, so that's a pretty good sign the food is good.Their menu was big, with lots of sandwiches, po'boy subs, paninins, BIG (I mean like almost foot long big) baked potatoes, soups, wraps, pasta, and even a full service salad bar with all the fixins'.  I had never been there before so I asked what suggestions they had.  The order taker told me to try the 'New York Yankee'.  It is a sandwich made with pastrami and corned beef on rye bread, with Swiss cheese and mustard.  It also came with chips and a pickle.  It was a great first choice, this bad boy was huge!  The sandwich itself was like 6 inches in height.  The pastrami and corned beef were moist and flavorful, and went great with the Swiss and rye.  Not half bad for only $7.99.Their sweet tea is pretty bomb too, almost as good as Raising Cane's.  Cane's is better mainly because of their pellet-shaped ice.  Their salad bar is nothing to laugh at either.  Lots of fresh choices, and even whole hard-boiled eggs which were great (unlike Sweet Tomatoes where they shred it up).  They even have free Garlic Toast and mini muffins, as well as various crackers that are complimentary to all patrons.  Not just that...but they also have free soft serve ice cream!  Well, free if you buy something to eat.  On second thought, I never asked if ice cream came with everything on the menu.  I kinda just helped myself to the machine everytime I ate there.  Nonetheless, I never got busted for it.  So.....therefore, it must be free!Not a bad place to have a great lunch with a bunch of your friends.  I would have given this place 5 stars, but I went there recently for dinner and found out the portions aren't quite what they used to be.  It was rather slow with no one in there.  Instead of my 6 inch high sandwich, this time is was maybe an inch shorter.  Boo.  This time the soft serve ice cream machine was broken too.  Double Boo.  So stick to this place for lunch, with busier crowds they tend to do better food.
4	I really loved the wheat bread my turkey sandwich came on. A friend brought me lunch while I was at the hospital with my sister and this really hit the spot. The fresh bread was the highlight but I'd definitely return.
3	went their once and ordered the jane potato, it was huge, i like it.
5	Jason's deli is so yummy and serves huge portions! They're baked potatoes are loaded with so much goodness and they're seriously like huge, giant potatoes. I'm gonna post a picture :) The prices here are very reasonable for the quality and quantity. They also have a bar of garlic toast, muffins, crackers and all this other little stuff for free! and free soft-serve ice cream! so great :)
4	Jason's Deli is great!They have a fantastic menu with food that will keep you begging for more, actually, with the size of the sandwiches that are here, you will make yourself sick if you get more. In addition to the sandwiches, Jason's Deli has a plethora of good drinks and salad bar accessories. In addition, they have a soft-serve ice cream machine, which is free when you get the salad bar. Definitely a borderline 5 star restaurant, but the one major thing that holds me at 4 is the fact that they do not have sourdough bread (my favorite). I think sourdough is a pretty common type of bread and I don't think carrying sourdough bread is not a whole lot to ask from a deli of all places.
4	Great place to have lunch. The sandwiches are awesome! The soups are always a hit and the salad bar has good variety. For a chain restaurant, not bad at all.
5	I love soups and sandwiches (especially when they're fresh) and I LOVE this place!  Great really large baked potatoes.  Workers are willing to walk you through having your sandwiches made with their fresh ingredients.  I always have left overs here.  I crave their food and love that the rumor is they're going to open another one closer to NW Vegas.  Casual place that is a sure hit.
5	I love this deli! Even though the restaurant is a national chain, the food is always fresh, reasonably priced, and consistently delicious. My favs are the Nutty Mixed Up-Salad, Club Sandwich, and the Tomato Basil soup. I love ending my meals with their complimentary soft serve ice cream. Kudos to whoever came up with that idea.
4	This place is a bit confusing when dealing with the line but other than that it's a great place! The sandwiches are big and full of great stuff! They even give you a mint with your food! They have a zesty stone ground mustard that adds a zing without an over powering mustard flavor.The sandwiches are messy goodness so don't wear your best shirt haha!
5	Great food, great selection, and good prices for lunch. Also room for seating if you have a larger group. The soup is good and the sandwiches also. They have a salad bar which looks good. Bonus is they have free ice cream for desert!
5	Yum.  As far as deli sandwiches, this is pretty much as good as you can get for this price.
2	They can't be blamed for panhandlers(it's Maryland pkwy near campus) nor the lady in front of me bickering over whether some item was 4 or 5 dollars some time ago; but they can be for a bowl of lettuce, sandwich meat and cheese which I believe is some farce of a chef salad.  To add insult to injury, I believe I paid over 7 dollars for it, although you'll catch me dead before you see me in line arguing about it.  There are plenty of tables open here though, and the food followed me to the table (once the lady resolved to speak to the manager).
5	This place is awesome. I first visited way back when I was a student at UNLV. Now I just go to grub when I am in town. I so wish they had one in South Orange County...but it would probably get F'ed up like many things that make it to the OC...Jason's Deli is my single favorite deli spot because they consistently bring the good eats. I have been to Jason's Deli's all over but this one I give 5 stars because it  iswhere I first experience the yummies that they offer up... Most notable dishes(for me anyways) Plain Jane Baked Potato, Salad Bar, Muffaleta,,Chicken and Sausage Gumbo, and o yeah free soft serve..
4	Stopped in Vegas on our way home to San Diego but didn't want to deal with a casino. Jason's was a perfect choice! 5 min off the freeway. Huge sandwiches, fresh, natural foods, yummy soups, salad bar and a free soft serve cone for everyone!  I'm not usually a fan of chain restaurants, but Jason's is an exception.
5	This is one of my favorite Deli's (next to Capriottis). Even though the restaurant is a national chain, the food is always great! I am never disappointed. I look for consistency in my food (esp if i repeatly order it... i want it to taste the same way as last time),  and fairly priced. t's a  fairly busy deli (esp since this one is located near the University). All items are advertised as free of artificial trans fat, plus a section of "slimwiches." My company has used Jason's deli several times as well. We all order different things, and we all seem to be very happy everytime.I recommend this place for office meals as well.
3	Eastside @JasonsDeliLV on Maryland Pkwy-Deli sandwiches,soups and salad bar.A little pricy but damn good. Everything is made-to-order and they have a wide selection of vegan options to boot.With so many sandwich options in the Valley Jasons is good but for my $ not so memorable.I enjoyed the CHILI and the POT ROAST MELT!
3	Reliable, fresh and tasy. The corn bread muffins on the salad bar are a treat.
4	Great food consistently. Just a bit expensive for half orders. But you can always, always, depend on the food to taste great. And the frozen yougurt's free!!
4	I was jonesing a sandwich today for lunch, so I tried to go to a near Swenson and Twain, but it was closed.  So I opted for a known commodity, Jason's Deli.I ordered the New York Yankee, which is my favorite sandwich they have.  The place was moderately busy for the noon rush hour, but my food came out relatively quickly.Will I come back?  Of course, it's one of my favorite places.
4	The food was good and the service was interesting. I ordered a pasta dish and asked for pine nuts to be added and it came out with almonds. then they tried to tell me they were pine nuts... i don't think so. It really wasn't a big deal, I'm sure it would have been fine with almonds, but the general manager, Evan, came over anyway. He said the pine nuts are only in a pesto sauce. Apparently the chick who took my order had no clue what the difference between pine nuts and almonds were and told them to put "the sliced nuts" in my pasta. The GM remade my pasta and even brought my boyfriend and me and some cookies on the house. My boyfriend's sandwich was really good too, it was the chicken pesto panini.
4	First off, I found the layout confusing when I went to pay. Despite having 2 registers at the to-go counter, I was directed to the salad bar with a diminuitive smile and told 'There aren't actually any registers here'. She probably meant that they weren't on, sooo whatever. Not a huge deal but worth mentioning.I got the muffaletta sandwich with salami for the boy. It was on thick, flavorful bread with cheese, olives, hearty portions of salami and what tasted like pepperoncini. It came with a bag of chips and a cup of soup [I opted for the tortilla] for about $8-9 after tax. The soup was really tasty, made with beef and full of rich umami flavor and vegetables. I saw tomatoes, carrots, corn and lots of herbs. The sandwich was a generous portion and I like that it came with two sides. I find this comparable to Quizno's 2 items for $6. I'd say this restaurant is much higher quality, though. For a dollar or two more you can get an organic salad topped with a delicious array of toppings. I would like to go in sometime for their salad bar, it looked quite promising from what I could see. My veggie-lovin' self could have an orgy of produce on my plate and be stoked! It looks like a lot of it is organic, too, which is a great thing to see in the middle of the desert.  I like that they serve Sweet Leaf teas in the bottle, I haven't seen them anywhere else!
4	Went yesterday and was blown away by this place!! Delicious sandwich!! I ordered the Sgt. Pepper which has french dip. Yum! Ill be back this sunday, cant wait!
4	I found this place by accident and I'm happy I did.  They have an extensive menu and it might be a bit overwhelming but I highly suggest the Italian Cuz po' boy and the Texas chili!  Now I have only been there a couple of times and I have not ventured outside of the two dishes I listed above so I can't comment on everything but I can say these two items are done very well.  Great for lunch!
5	Fabulous!  I went there twice during this trip!  Everything I had was good!  I'm def gonna have to make this a regular stop every time I'm in Vegas!
4	This place is pretty good! I wanted something decently healthy, cheap, and quick so I decided to try Jason's Deli. I got the turkey wrap and was pleasantly surprised by how good it was! I also got the broccoli cheddar soup which was delicious. The menu has a wide variety of food items to choose from which is great. Only downside - it was kind of pricey considering the amount of food I got. The wrap was realllllly small and wouldn't have satisfied me if thats all I got. However, overall, it was pretty good! Recommended!
2	Ok for the price. The french onion soup and pot pie soup were tasty. The sandwich was something I can make at home. Nothing exciting here folks but at least there are vegan options and the produce is fresh. The chips are like a more greasy Ruffle so I left most of those on my plate. While we were here we sat at the corner table near the restroom and one of the employees walked around the corner cursing in Spanish. I didn't think anything of it until a minute later when our table was flooded! My shoes were soaked on the bottom and the water gushed out the door and into the parking lot, gushing further into the restaurant and street. Hilarious but unfortunate event. Whatever plumbing issues aside, I still enjoy other sandwiches and chips over Jason's Deli.They also have catered a fundraising event at work and they wrapped very simple ham and cheese sandwiches with store bought loaf bread. Very weird thing to do, considering their sandwiches in store are way better and what better way to represent than serve your best? Meh.
4	So here's the breakdown: You order, they make it, you pay for it, choose your salad (good amount of choices but we don't usually get fillers, 'cause we're here for the yummy sandwiches) or soup, or other side, then choose your seat- lots of seating available (booths or tables). Afterward enjoy the free ice cream (also at the bar) -neat huh? Nice that there is a lighter menu listing calories (turkey reuben is pretty good at 510 calories and 13 grams of fat). Vegetarian items are denoted with a v on the regular menu. There is also a gluten-free menu (must ask). Sandwiches (specials or build your own- you choose everything), combos (choose full, half, or quarter sandwiches), wraps, soups, salads, potatoes, pasta, sides, fruit, kids menu, and dessert. For years, I've been curious about the muffaletta- meat or veggie, bread with zesty olive mix, antipasti, olive oil, & provolone cheese (featured on the Food Network). I might get it next time. Spacious (think tee pee), clean, casual place to get good sandwiches (pretty big too) at a reasonable price. Sometimes I bring home leftovers- eat only half the sandwich, depending on what I get. Bathrooms around the corner. It's been a while since we've been here, but we are fans. If the parking situation frustrates you (a complaint of my mil's), you can go to the other location in downtown, in that newer office building- you can see it off the 95 freeway.
4	love this place its like subway on steroids but way better . I dropped by the jasons down the st from Fremont , More expensive then any other sandwich shop but way worth it went there with my bf (boyfriend) and daughter we loved it !! It was a lil loud and busy
3	A-OK, is, well, a bit of an overstatement for 3-stars. I think that 3-stars might better read, for Jason's, as "Not disappointing if you know it's a cafeteria style deli that can't possibly do it all, but tries!?" And considering just how much they do in "to-go" business, I'd say they have to be doing something right. Why Jason's when I had all of Vegas as my "food pallet?" Again, like last night with Metro Pizza, I didn't want to miss American Idol's "pick of the top 24", and Jason's on Maryland Parkway was my solution to getting in at 645p, and getting out in time to return to the hotel by 8pm. The plan worked.I did the corned beef and pastrami on rye with melted Swiss and Russian dressing. It was better than I expected; not the best, but it satisfied my "pickled brisket fixation." But it didn't stop there. I also ordered their broccolli and cheese baked potato. (Oy vay, what was I thinking?) Their baked potatoes are literally, the size of a small football..... no kidding. While the cheese was more of the "whizz" persuasion, the overall effect was a good "in your face with a 3 pound spud!" I also ordered a carrot cake and cheesecake slice. And NO....... I didn't eat it all. In fact, I only ate half the sandwich, 20% of the potato, and the Dr. Pepper with unlimited refills. The rest went into to-go containers, and will probably end up at the trade show tomorrow for our lunch. The thing that Jason's has in it's favor is that it's a "refuge" for the hungry. And typical to Vegas, it's an all-night kinda' place. You'll see a parade of interesting characters march into Jason's at just about any hour. And by my own words, I guess I contributed to that interesting parade. Don't think of Jason's as a NY style deli. Think of it as a super casual cafeteria with a "deli-bent." There's enough on the menu, and at the all-you-can-ingest salad bar, drink fountain and softee ice cream machine, that you'll never leave hungry. Just don't let the term "gourmet" cloud your expecations. Don't do that, and you won't be disappointed.
4	What more can I say about this place? It nearly ties with Panera Bread. Great food everytime you go and grubbin' salad bar. The one thing that I was not so keen on was that the line forms where a row of booths are and then sick people lean on the wall of your booth and cough and you really notice it when you are sitting in that booth. Long story short...Don't sit at the booth when you go there to eat.
4	Initially I thought that the UNLV area was lacking in good restaurants compared to other parts of town, but that is far from true. With so many university students around, this area caters to students who lack a large sum of money. There were three people in my party and our meal came out to roughly 17 dollars. They lack a menu board and once you look at the paper copy you will understand why. One of my friends almost cracked and cry under the pressure of finding what he wanted in the vast abyss of options. We had to tell two other groups to go ahead of us and then wing. He ended up getting egg salad and didn't seem too impress or disappointed. Another friend got the manager special, a half sandwich and soup combo. She also seemed satisfied. So you might ask why I gave it such a high rating. The reason, even though their sandwiches are nothing too spectacular, I love their salad bar. Although it is small, the selection of ingredients are high quality. The upkeep of vegetables are spectacular, giving the bar a vibrancy of colors. If  you are in search of a light lunch, you can order a side salad with a friend that is getting a sandwich because it only costs $4.49. Otherwise the $7.49 price is still a great deal for full reign over the whole bar.  When I want a sandwich, I will normally order the quarter turkey muff. This place is full of surprises, because a quarter is still humongous. It consists of a dense New Orleans' style muffaletta bread, topped with an olive tapenade, antipesti, and melted provolone cheese. For $6 and change, that is a steal.
3	I've been here a couple of times.  I try to avoid the M-F lunch rush.  Service is okay. Baked potatoes are huge.  Salad bar has more of a selection than other places.  Tip: The soft serve is free.  Help yourself. = )
5	Good food at right price
3	I have been to various Jason's Deli.I have always liked their sandwiches, salad bar, and soups.  We are in Vegas for a wedding and decided to go to Jason's Deli for a quick bit to eat, it was getting late and we were hungry.  I am not sure what time the majority of Jason's Delis close, but this one closes at 9 PM.  We got there about 8:50.  I figure like most restaurants they will let us stay and eat even when they have "locked" the doors.  Which is kind of surprising they will close at 10, they aren't far off the Strip, and Vegas doesn't sleep...right?!  We grabbed 5 bowls of soup, and a salad bar.  I chose the Seafood Gumbo.  It was ok, nothing compared to gumbo from N'awlins, but it was ok.  Not sure if it was the time or if this is how they always prepare it, but it was microwaved.  It wasn't hot(temperature), but it was sufficiently warm.  I also got the Salad bar, they were cleaning it up before 9 PM, so I had to be fast to get a few things.  I was a little disappointed, I know they want to be done with work and roll out ASAP, but at least wait until a customer is finished!  If they wanted to clean it up, they should have let me know so I wouldn't have ordered the Salad bar!    For that reason alone I am only rating this location 3 stars.  Poor customer relations.  The food is still good, and I will visit another Jason's, just hopefully not 10 minutes before they close!
3	it's a typical deli/diner... but today i tried the chicken salad... and i do like the pineapple and almonds in the salad... slight bit of sweetness, moist, and smooth!  :)
5	I love this place, wrapini .... Sooo good! Please open one in orange county!!!!! Free muffins and soft serve! Oh and I left my phone at the table and the staff was nice enough to keep it for me! Xoxox!
4	I ordered from these guys when I have functions for my students and they are always so nice about delivering to UNLV which can be a pain in the butt b/c of parking. everything has always been fresh and they make a big effort to make sure things are kept cold if they should be cold and hot if they should be hot..super important..A good place to dine in for lunch but when i do I go at 11:30 to avoid the rush..
4	My colleagues and I go out for lunch once a week and when someone mentioned "uh, Paymon's again?", someone else suggested Jason's Deli.  This was my first visit and I was pleasantly surprised.  We arrived around 11:30am, so it wasn't too busy, and immediately placed our orders.  I ended up getting the club lite sandwich sans cheese and pretty much inhaled it.  Yum!  The sandwich comes with your choice of side (I chose the fresh fruit).  Next time I come, I'll probably do the salad bar thing....I noticed a few people with dessert-like options (ice cream, graham crackers, etc).  Service was friendly and the place looked clean.  Everyone there appeared happy to be there, including the staff!  The joint is a casual, cafeteria-like place, so don't go expecting prime rib and wine.  (However, your order is brought to you, which slightly elevates the vibe.)Try the oatmeal-cranberry-walnut cookie.  It's homemade and it's SO GOOD.  Totally worth a repeat visit.
5	I am starting to become a usual at Jason's Deli.  I like their sandwiches because they are fresh and tasty.I love ordering the managers 1/2 sandwich deal which comes 1/2 sandwich of your choice, soup, and the choice of chips or fruit.  Super yummy! Favorite soup is tomato basil, but i've tried others that are delicious like broccoli cheese, and the chicken pot pie :pI recommend it! just beware that their sandwiches are packed with serious fillings (that is why i get the 1/2 of sandwich!) Enjoy! ooo and drop your business card off my friend won a gift card there last time we went! :D
4	Still really good! I had a 5.00 coupon for my birthday so I got a hot corned beef on rye. It was tasty. i also love that they have 4 kinds of fresh brewed tea..the black currant is so good and i have never seen it anywhere else..
3	I like this place more than my boyfriend does. We've had them deliver a few times, and even though it seems expensive for deli food, the quality has always been decent, and I appreciate the delivery. The quantities are huge. The muffalettas are yummy and gigantic!
5	Okay, I know this place is a chain but damn, Jason's Deli is the epitome of what a true sandwich, soup and salad resto should be!   They offer a nice variety of everything, not to mention a salad bar!The s/o and I both ordered the Manager's Special which was half a sandwich and a cup of soup or salad.  I got the Club Royale, which was Turkey, Ham, Bacon and Swiss on a Croissant, which made a tasty sandwich.  I got it with a cup of French Onion soup, which was way delicious and surprised me 100x over as I had such low expectations for it.  But it was served correctly with the cheese melted on top and over, granted it wasn't melted to a slight brown crisp, it so fixed my craving.  The s/o ordered their Ruben the Great, which was piled on with Corned Beef and Pastrami.  At other sandwich spots,  you'd get that much meat for the whole sandwich, and this was just HALF!  The s/o opted for a side salad, which was one trip to the salad bar. The s/o came back with a huge smile saying it was the most awesome salad bar in a resto that he's ever been to, as apparently they had all these premium toppings, as well as dessert to boot.Add two sodas, well, mine was technically their Sweet Tea which was freshly brewed and so bomb by the way; our bill came out to $20 and some change.  Not bad for a nice, quality, cafe style lunch!  The s/o was so impressed that the s/o was trying to figure out how we can come back before our flight back home!Please Jason's Deli, open up a location in the SF Bay Area...preferrably around the Silicon Valley, thanks! :)  Show Panera how it's done!!!
4	This is a great soup, salad & sandwich place! They have a rather large venue and they do a good job of keeping majority of the tables clean. The employees were very friendly and knowledgeable of the menu.They have free garlic toasts & bread next to the salad bar. Free soft-serve ice cream!Chicken Pot Pie soup is yummy. Looking forward to going back to try the Tomato Basil & Broccoli Cheddar.My sandwich was nice and fresh. It could've used more mustard, because only some bites had it.I also ordered a wrap, but in panini bread. They forgot to put it in the panini bread and served me a wrap. Not a big deal. Harmless mistake.Good portion size. A half sandwich & soup fills you up.Got a free cookie for filling out a quick survey on my phone.
2	Like all Jason's Deli Restaurants, the food is good.  I have a few issues with this particular spot though.  The restaurant area was very dirty and so was the salad bar.  There is nothing less appetizing than a dirty salad bar.  Makes me question how fresh the product is on the bar.  Also, the soft serve machine was disgusting.  So bad, I decided to pass on the soft serve all together. There are a lot of restaurant options in this part of town, I would probably find somewhere else.
5	Im a regular at this location. Everytime i come the sandwhiches and soup are always fresh and tasty . Great to say the salad is really good as well. I would recommed this place to any family or indivual that wants something fast, or even on your lunch break. Cant go wrong on jason deli.
5	Friendly fast service ;-)
5	Quick & Delicious Lunch with a great salad bar!
3	A Coworker recommended Jason's Deli. I just happened to see one when I was by Barnes & Noble. Why not try it.  IMO they are kind of pricey. $9 something for a BLT with potato chips and soda is a couple dollars short of a full service restaurant. For a $7 BLT, at least give a choice of fries. Nearly $8 for the salad bar is not a bargain, when you could have all you can eat salad at any buffet. Even the worst of the worst buffets cannot ruin salad (well maybe a few)  I rate the quality of the BLT, served on a double layer of wheat bread as high. The baked Lays is the same quality of the baked Lays I eat at home. This Jason's Deli is enormous. I appreciated that it was easy to find a table and that there were not people on top of me.   I will pass over boasting over Jason's Deli to coworkers. There are better restaurants. My first impression is that Jason's Deli is good, yet nothing spectacular.
4	I love Jason's deli! The food is so delicious. If you want a nice meal and you do not have a lot of time I suggest Jason's deli. Their salad bar has a great variety to choose from. Their meals are big portions - I cannot eat all many times. I do not go on a dialy basis, however when I am looking for a place to be able to visit with someone and get a quick bite to eat Jason's deli is where I always tell people to meet me. I am familiar with their menu and it offers a wide range for whatever you may be hungry for, Soup, sandwiches, salad, fruit and so much more. My husband often gets their rueben and there is so much meat in that sandwhich! Me I love the salad bar, it is filled with so many choices to build an incredibly YUMMY salad plate. I never leave Jason's deli without feeling like I got my money's worth!
4	I asked on theknot.com for suggestions for catering to have food available while getting ready for my wedding.  Almost everyone suggested Jason's Deli.  I called about two weeks before to see when would be best to order and she said the day before or day of was fine.  I explained that the day before my wedding was Thanksgiving, and she said that it was no problem.  So I called on Thanksgiving day and they were closed.  So then I was a little nervous, but I called first thing the morning of and it was no problem.  I was a little annoyed because it was just one more thing I had to worry about on the day, but I think that if the wedding was any other day, other than the day before a holiday, it would have been fine.  The food was awesome.  It was presented beautifully, it was fresh, and it was really good.   We got the wrap platter, the sampler platter, a veggie tray, & a platter with muffins, breads, and coffee cakes.  The only reason I gave them a 4 stars is because I also ordered juice, coffee, and cans of pop.  They forgot all the drinks.  So I had to call them, but they apologized profusely, and immediately sent out another delivery so it only took like 20 more minutes.Recommended
5	I've been here quite a few times and I have to say its very good.  The food is tasty and plenty of it. The service is good to. I love how they give you free ice cream.  I recommend this place for a good sandwich that's out of the ordinary.
2	We walked in around 3:30pm on a Thursday and they were, surprisingly, pretty busy.  It was chaotic and unclear where you were supposed to order.  The person actually taking orders was doing so over a deli counter, not at a register like you would expect.  My husband ordered the zucchini grilled sandwich (see below) and I added the side salad (1 trip to the bar - $4.79) for myself.  The salad bar at Jason's is great - everything is fresh, I love the hummus, and you get unlimited crackers, pickles and pepperocinis (which makes me happy).  That is the only reason I won't give this place 1 star.  Here is the breakdown about the rest of our experience:We paid $7 for the craptacular "zucchini grilled" sandwich.  Here is a break down of the MENU description vs. what we actually got:-Grilled zucchini - the zucchini, which made up the majority of the sandwich, was steamed and soggy, not grilled whatsoever-muenster - we asked for no cheese and the sandwich came drenched in greasy cheese, so I had to ask for it to be remade which took over 10 minutes.  There was no apology for getting the order wrong and they seemed bothered to have to do it over-organic spinach - there were only a few small leaves, barely noticeable-red onions - there was an excessive amount of onions-roma tomatoes - it had tomatoes, but they were not romas-kalamata olives - there were a few olives-roasted red pepper hummus - their hummus is tasty, but the sandwich came with a tiny dab-toasted on 9-grain artisan bread - the bread seemed like a wheat bread from the grocery store, not "artisan"We requested baked chips and got the regular kind. When we mentioned it, they brought a small cup with some baked chips in itOverall, the food was overpriced, service was definitely lacking.  I won't be back.
1	I love their sandwiches but ordered a fruit plate and a salad today.  I was under the assumption that if sulfites are in food (which is against the law in many states) they should let you know...well I ordered delivery and dug into a fruit plate and a salad and within 20 minutes I had bumps all over my mouth, my lips, tounge and throat hurt.  If I order again, I will stick to sandwiches and soup.  But right now I am ready to jump on my NO ADDITIVES bandwagon!
3	Unlimited pickles have arrived at jason's. The solo, lonely pickle on the plate has been abolished and now all sandwich ordering patrons can load up on pickles at the salad bar. They are decent pickles with a good crunch. Just imagine if every sandwich you ate in your lifetime came with unlimited pickles, how many per sandwich would you eat? I downed 7 of them with my $6.99 Papa Joe. The sandwich was turkey with roma tomato and pesto aioli and was good, despite being small as it was shoved onto a square of Herb Foccica bread about toilet paper size. There are places with better turkey around, so unless you love pickles, this chain will only be necessary when in a bind. Salad bar is good too on a previous visit, but just throw some chicken or protein on the thing and stop nicle and diming us for everything up there (pickles was just a start).
4	While Jason's has a pretty extensive menu I come here for one thing and one thing only. Muffalettas. I can't just take off for New Orleans, but thanks to Jason's I can grab a Muffaletta to go any time I start craving one and be thinking of my Bourbon Street memories in no time. This particular location is relatively clean, service is friendly and once you find a parking space they move you through pretty fast.
4	I had never been to a Jason's Deli before.  But, now that I have, I must say that I agree with the overall 4-star rating this establishment currently enjoys.  Chicken Noodle Soup with tender morsels of chicken, carrots, and thick noodles was hot and with a distinctly flavored chicken broth that was more robust than most.  My Ham & Hard Salami Quarter-Muffaletta was packed with meat that melded well with the minced olives and tasted great after being squeezed together by the top and bottom of the delicious yielding, toasted, and sesame-covered New Orleans style bun.And, Diane's Beefeater was packed in a soft French Roll with even more lean meat and a huge expanse of well-melted Provolone Cheese.  A generous amount of hot au jus stood by in a bowl for serious dunking.  It was redolent of beef, with a rich flavor of meat juices that tasted great!  Pickle spears were good, but chips just the type that had been poured out of a commercially sold bag.The place is nothing fancy, but it is serviceable and comfortable, with plenty of table and booth seating available to accommodate a large lunchtime crowd.  Table tops were continually in the process of being cleared and cleaned by a large and efficient staff as soon as a diner got up and began to leave.  On this occasion I found a Quarter-Muffaletta to be adequate.  But next time I am going to attack a Half-Muffaletta, and see if I can handle it in one sitting.  A Whole-Muffaletta is a beast that would be more suitable for an episode of "Man vs. Food!"
4	Simple, healthy, and affordable.Looking for something healthy to grab a quick bite. Well here you go. Jason's Deli has soups, salad bar, hot and cold sandwiches, and wraps to offer. Oh, I'm forgetting pastas. Look through the menu, order, pay the cashier, get a number, find a seat, and they'll bring the food to you. After a weekend of partying and barely having healthy options to eat, we found our way off the strip near the "ghetto side" of Vegas to a large plaza where Jason's Deli sits. I had the Mediterranean wrap with a side of steamed veggies. I enjoyed it, but the olives were too salty. Great eats before a long drive home to LA.Cheers.
5	If you are looking for something healthy, here is the place! i always get the Cantina wrap and tomato basil they are the best! They also have a salad bar available. Did I mention that they also have soft serve ice cream? :)
1	Took forever for my chicken noodle to come, my husband had to get it himself. It was just sitting in the counter and when I tried it i was cold...IM SO MAD RIGHT NOW NEVER COMING BACK YO THIS PLACE EVER..oh yeah the last time I ordered something to go here my husband almost died from choking because there was like a bone or a toothpick in his Santa Fe chicken
4	This place is awesome! I love the decoration, makes me feel like I'm an NYC deli. Decided to go with the Salad Bar and am glad I did. Although they don't have "Sweet Tomatoes" quantity in ingredients, they have enough to make a good decent salad. Fresh 4 bean salad, pasta primo, and red pepper hummus are just a few of the toppings, love! they also have delicious corn muffins and pudding.I also got a side of spicy tortilla soup which was good. All in all 4 stars for Jason's Deli!
4	Pretty good food, nice staff and average atmosphere.  The sandwiches are good sized, although my bf got the beefeater and said the roast beef was a little bland.  The Au Jus was great though.  The salad bar looked good and fresh.  The free ice cream at the end hit the spot!
4	Quick lunch spot with a plethora of options (in varying degrees of healthiness).  We were there with a group of 7 and everyone gave their varying sandwiches thumbs-up, which is a good enough endorsement for me!I had the french dip and the chicken panini (split with a friend), and both really hit the spot.
5	We ordered our "getting ready" food for our wedding day from Jason's Deli because of all the rave reviews from The Knot Las Vegas message board. Well, those reviews were all correct. Jason's Deli is really awesome.It was an easy process to place the platters order for 12 people. I called a couple days before and they took my order over the phone. They also took my credit card payment. On the day off, we had the best delivery driver ever. There was a shooting on the Las Vegas strip and they closed the whole entire strip. No cars allowed at all. Traffics were bad every direction on Las Vegas freeways. Our delivery driver called me every 15 minutes or so to update me where his location was so I wasn't panicked.He got  there not too long after with our party platters. He was so nice, he even brought our food to our suite. The breakfast sandwiches were still warm. Fruits were fresh, and even the coffee jug was still warm. Everything were tasty and we were happy we had food while we were getting ready for our big day. It made me one less cranky bridezilla ;).Thank you, Jason's Deli for the awesome service. We will recommend you to every single bride who's getting married in Las Vegas. Viva Jason's Deli!
4	Always excellent food and service
3	Came here because I wanted to check out a salad bar.  I love salad!  I would say it is just an average salad bar place.  Got some broccoli cheddar soup that tasted good but nothing spectacular.  I don't know if I would frequent this joint but it's an okay spot for a quick average lunch!
5	I have not yet been in but the customer service on the phone is awesome. We are having a MeetUp there, and the response and help so far has me very excited. I can't wait to go in on Sunday and eat!
5	Was just as good in person, friendly, good food, and air conditioning. A LOT of air conditioning. (Bring a sweater).
4	The beefeater is the sandwich of champions.  Unlike the joke you get at Subway they pile on the yummy beef!  It comes with chips but they only play a minor role.  The star of the show is the massive beef Po Boy sitting in front of you.  Paired with some amazing Au Jus this treat makes lunch a meal to remember.    My only disappointment with Jason's is they are not in California.  So when I am on travel I check to see if there is a Jason's nearby.  No matter what city you are in if there is a Jason's and you love delis line I do then you must give them a try.  I have tarried then at 15 different locations and have never been let down.  The Beefeater Po Boy calls my name soon as I walk in!!!
4	Food is consistently good, staff is always friendly... Only downfall this visit, they were out of EVERYTHING!!! Muffalettas, various breads, chilli, soups...  aside from that, one of my favorite lunch stops!!!
4	It was fine. Not amazing food but not expensive either. It was a good value overall; the loaded potato was giant and very good, the salmon sandwich was good if a little bland.
4	I love Jason's Deli but I haven't visited this one before (I can't believe I didn't visited this one until the last week of exams). I know the menu inside out and know how it should come out. So I was disappointed when my chicken pot pie in a bread bowl came to my table cold (not even lukewarm). It didn't even connect until half way done (studying and all).But they're really accommadating. I didn't have to argue or plea my case. They simply took it back and just gave me a new order of my hot soup.Verdict: I'll still come back. Great customer service and food.
5	Their French onion soup and Amy's Turkey o is a perfect match so damn dank! If you haven't tried Jason's deli you need to get on it,this has been of favorite of mine since my preteens haha (;
5	Love every item on the menu! The staff is great and the French onion soup is a must have for me here! It's quick, healthy and very affordable. It is super close to unlv so it does get really packed during lunch time when school is in session though but it's worth the wait!
5	I have always enjoy going to Jason's Deli. I haven't been in months,  but I have never been disappointed in any item that I have ordered.  My favorite thing to order is the el pollo mexicano....delish and portions are enormous ;)
5	What a great find! Just stumbled upon it and will definitely make the drive from N Las Vegas to come back. Fresh soups , salads and sandwiches. Very clean!
5	I live really close to this Jason's Deli so I tend to get delivery instead of dining in. The food is always on time and consistently amazing. Nothing like getting soup and a giant potato delivered to your front door! My apartment is pretty hard to find and they're always super cool about finding it and are always on time. The times that I have dined in or picked up my order, they've been really nice and showed wonderful customer service. Overall, love this place!
4	Great place to have a tuna melt. It is very delicious and nutritious. The Texas chili hits the spot every time.
2	Just some regular white people cuisine.  Nothing you can't make at home.  Shows how lazy those people are.
3	This is a great alternative to fast food. I have only had the salads. They use fresh ingredients and offer several different salads, soups and sandwiches. I tried the new salmon salad and wouldn't get it again. Only because the salmon is drier than I prefer. PROS: Pineapple Chicken salad            Nutty Salad            Fresh ingredients            Free ice cream while you wait.
3	Decent food. It's hard to get light healthy food around here. I do wish the salad were a bit more fresh. The blonde manager shouldn't be managing anything other than her attitude. Other than that it's good. I do like the tall heavyset guy that works here he's a sweet heart. Also, the Black tall guy, he's incredibly sweet!
5	Long time local fav.  See for yourself !! Have been going here for about 10 years +. Always consistent.  Everything in the menu is top shelf.
5	One of my favorite places for lunch!! Went for lunch today with my roomie. She had the beef stew.. tasted it and it was really flavorful and beefy. I had the light club sandwich which had a hearty portion of turkey and ham on it, with side of fresh fruit that's served with a sweet delicious yogurt and a cup of the vegetarian vegetable soup. Soup was ok- I usually get the chicken pot pie soup which is absolute bliss. But I have to say I was sooo impressed by the FRUIT!!! It was the freshest I've ever had in a deli restaurant ever!!! Melon and cantaloupe yumm but the strawberries!!! Unbelievably sweet strawberries!!! OMG who is their produce buyer??? It was AMAZING! :DThis review is like super old compare to the date i posted it!! haha Like from 2011!! ;P
4	Jasons Deli has always been my favorite deli place to have a quick meal before returning to work or even just on certain occasions! I wish they had more locations here in Vegas! The big chef salad is usually my favorite but I went with this ranchero grilled chicken wrap! Not too bad..
1	Manager at this location is horrible. She would not allow us to break a $20.00 bill after our entire meal was paid by credit card. Nothing but attitude from this woman at lunch time. Sorry Carol. I'll pay you back when I can break my bill.
5	Jason's Deli3910 S Maryland ParkwayLas Vegas, NV 89119Jason's Deli is one of my favorite casual restaurants in Las Vegas for three very important reasons: The food is top quality and the portions are huge for what you get-especially in sandwiches like the Rueben. I saw a family order the first time I came in, and the meat was about 5 inches thick; it made me do a double take!I had the bow-tie pasta with artichoke hearts, tomatoes, and I am trying to remember all the other ingredients that went into it; it was delicate in flavor and delicious and the pasta was cooked al dente. Over the cooked pasta was melted mozzarella & Parmesan. I was told by the staff to pay the extra buck and get the full portion, as it was a way better value!The staff is worth coming in for at the Jason's Deli on Maryland Parkway. The manager Joseph Martin is a fantastic person and loves the company and treats everybody like family. He makes it a joy to come in and a reason I don't even want to go to any other location. He told me what a joy it is to work for the company and how it is like one big family. He makes me feel right at home too.Also Russell Day is always upbeat and happy and positive and if he gives the best service around with an infectious smile that cannot help but rub off on you.Andrew smiled and greeted me when I walked in the door and handed me a glass for my water, which was wonderful, and told me where the booth was with the plug end in it. Writers and computer people love booths with plugs!I moved from southern CA where The Corner Bakery and Panera rule and I have been to nearly all of them. If I had known there was a Jason's Deli-Jason's Deli blows both of them out of the water by the price and value and quality of the menu selections. Also, Jason's Deli allows you to buy half sandwiches, which is perfect for me.I don't know what was wrong with the people who were writing reviews on Yelp about this place, but I would say consider the source, before you take it to heart.I want to meet with the PR Director or General Manager and discuss a marketing plan that would tell the story behind this fantastic establishment. All in all, I would say it is the one of the best values for the money, if you want some great homemade soup or a truly memorable sandwich. I saw one of the small pan pepperoni pizzas a family ordered, and I guess it is on the kid's menu, but it looked pretty damn good to me!Paulette Le Pore MotzkoRestaurantShowCase.wordpress.com
5	My first visit to a Jason's deli and it's wonderful! Love the little nods to southern food. Anyplace with sweet tea and gumbo are okay by me. It's clean and well maintained. I had the pastrami sandwich with grilled onions and au jus. It was sooo good. Also some potatoe salad and broccoli cheddar soup. The tea options are great too for a tea lover like myself. Awesome prices too. Only $15 for the two if us. The best part if the meal was the employees though! We were greeted by Russell upon entering with a great smile and a warm hello. Both Russell and Andrew helped my friend and I decide on our order. They were not just helpful but so sweet and came by our table several times to make sure we were taken care of. Great personalities.. Great staff! Thank you Russell and Andrew for making my first Jason's Deli experience awesome. I just wish they had one close to where I live in Orange County California!
4	A nice little deli that has great selections for vegetarians and meat eaters alike. The service was quick and the food was pretty great, however the atmosphere seemed to be disrupted by the constant yelling of some supervisor/manager who was trying to "motivate" her employees to work faster. That works great if the food preparing is somewhere in the back, but out in front where customers can see and hear you is annoying. Shut the hell up and let people enjoy their sandwiches.
2	Salad bar was decent, so I could have given 3 stars. But the vegetable soup was awful. It should run & hide from anyone who has ever tried Cafe Zupa's veggie soup. My friends decided this is no longer a deli since they don't offer brisket & the corned beef is just cold & not steamed, ready to slice like the good delis they used to enjoy. So they each ordered a $7 potato. Those potatoes might be big, but seriously $7??? This isn't one of the gourmet rooms. For that amount they could have gotten soup &  1/2 sammie at Zupa's.Found out there's even bigger salad bars at a steakhouse nearby for less $, so no need to ever go back here.
5	One of my favorite places!  Quality and fresh, great choices for any deli lover. Soup and salad. I always come back to Jason's! It's so hard for me to decide which yummy sandwich to choose, but the hubby usually goes for the beefeater with au jus. Prices are a bit high but in my opinion so worth it.
5	This place is great! Food was great also. My son had the kids turkey sandwich which came with a side, and a drink! My husband had the pastrami sandwich, and I had the club! We just moved here from Cali and so far one of our favs
4	In a hurry? Load up on the salad bar and you'll make out like a bandit!I hadn't been here in a few years so I figured I would stop by for a quick bite in between errands. I went with the salad bar option and was pleasantly surprised... - Fully stocked bar with fresh and crisp veggies- Quick customer service - Very clean restaurant- All the soft serve ice cream you can sneak out with! Plus this place fits my budget perfectly; feeding two people for under $20. I didn't order one, but the sandwiches here look like their stacked high with tastiness. I will be back to try the "Rueben THE Great". I mean who wouldn't like a half pound of hot meat on two pieces of bread? ;)
4	The muffelatta was as good if not even better than the original general market store in New Orleans where it all began. Here they give generous meats and warm the whole thing up which kind of makes each bite/chew orgasmic. While i was waiting i observed the staff preparing a seafood gumbo that looked great, but it just sat on the tray waiting for the other items of the same order that i just figured its losing its vital heat by the minute. It was kind of driving me crazy because i like hot soup not warmish soup.  Glad that wasn't mine cuz it probably was just above room temperature by the time the customer got it. Still the muffelatta gets 5 stars, but overall, 4 stars. Btw, the salad bar looked a solid 4 stars.
4	Lotza choices here,and so far I've never been disappointed..I usually get the rueban..The service here is always friendly,and helpful.Quite often I call ahead and bring my food home...
1	I used to love this place but what classic deli serves a sandwich with no pickle on the side. Cheap skates do this bottom line is this after ten years of going to Jason Deli I'm not doing business with them service 0  food Quality 0 my rye bread was hard Pastrami was dry f this place. This place has gone down hill Marz out.
5	Good food, prompt delivery and good prices.  I used them for a biz lunch and everyone was happy.  I will use them again!
5	Stopped in after reading reviews. I had 1/2 tuna & salad bar. Partner had 1/2 pastrami & salad bar. Both 1/2 sandwiches huge & delicious. Salad bar full of fresh veggies, greens, potato salad, mini muffins. Ice cream too. Had their own brand flatbread crackers that were outstanding. Employee Jason came to table to make sure we were happy, very personable. Hostess Pamela who took our order was top notch, friendly, gave us good suggestions from menu. Even gave me sample of tuna before I ordered. Great place to go
