3	Afghan-style kebabs:  chicken, beef or eggplant.  No lamb or goat (BUMMER!)  The beef kabob offerings looked more interesting than the chicken, but I'm allergic to beef.  The chicken kabobs were not as interesting as I'd hoped, but they were good.  I would have liked dark, slightly oily, slightly stringy chicken better.  This was good-quality white chicken breast.  The salad and chopped tomato/onion/cucumber relish were both great, though.
4	Very good place to drop by for lunch. Prices are reasonable and portions are ok. I wouldn't go there for kabobs if I was starving. Cashier was very friendly and gave me a free drink for being a UNLV student (no idea if it was an official student discount they offer).I ended up ordering the chicken kabob plate. It was good, but I was expecting something more juicy and tender. Still, I liked it. The beef kabobs are probably much better. I'm going to have to drop by again to try the gyros.
3	Food was good. Flavorful sauces, spices, and rice. Staff is arrogant. For example, we have been to the restaurant a couple times so they know us, last time I had a cast on leg, my friend and I were the only ones in there, we asked if he would bring the food tray over to us, he would not. That was both rude and odd. I guess its a cultural thing.
4	We just arrived at our hotel in Vegas and I was looking for a good Kabob house so I can order to go for a nice dinner for 4 at our cozy hotel.Rating Summary::- 4 Stars, For Vegas Standards: Yay, I'm A Fan- 3 Stars, Compared to SoCal Kabob Houses (Zankou, Kabob Exp, Open Sesame): Just A-OKI order 4 items and mixed it up a bit so we can try all the meats:- Plate 1: Chicken Breast and Beef Tika Kabobs- Plate 2: Chicken Breast and Kofta (ground beef) Kabobs- Plate 3: Chicken Breast Kabobs, side dish- Plate 4: Beef Gyro Wrap- Sides: Salad and BreadSummary of Plates Eaten: [see pictures]- Plate 1: Chicken (too dry) Beef Tika (good taste, little chewy)- Plate 2: Chicken (dry, bland) and Kofta (good taste)- Plate 3: Chicken Breast, side dish (my boy liked it, finished it)- Plate 4: Beef Gyro Wrap (my boy liked it, finished it)- Sides: Salad (need to get used to the dressing) and Bread (good eats)Did I forget the hummus and tahini? I'll ask about it next time.We'll be back in October to give it another try and see if the meats are still cooked the same way. Hopefully the chicken shish kebabs will be a bit bigger with more seasoning so it won't be so dry and bland.-FM
5	We came in here because we were shopping nearby, and glad we did. The prices were reasonable, the service friendly, and the food really great. We both had the beef tikka kabob platter and it was amazing. Some of the best hummus too! Clean dining room and welcoming atmosphere. I would definitely come here again.
4	I really enjoy this place. The chicken and steak are well seasoned. The rice is full of flavor. Great portion sizes.
5	Excellent food, amazing service! I ordered the Chicken & Beef plate, it was so good with their special green sauce..hummus is also great! highley recommended!
5	This place is my new boom. Their kabobs are seasoned and grilled to perfection, tantalizing the taste buds with every bite. The great portion sizes are suitable for two, which makes sharing a plate ideal. I pass this restaurant frequently but am glad I actually stopped this time
5	Kabob express is absolutely delicious! The food is always fresh, portions are big and food is always great! The gentleman that runs it is always hospitable and very freindly.  My personal favorite plate is the king sultani, but everything on the menu is great, prices are very good and food is made to order.   I look all over town for good kakob and kabob express is my favorite in las vegas!
4	As an Iranian, I say that the lamb, beef and chicken Kabobs are very good. But Koobideh (Kiftah) kabob is just beef which is not the Iranian style. They use their special spice in kabobs which I liked, but it depends on your taste. It is a very clean place with very respectful owner. The sandwiches are good, but not so special. The food is Halal. I will come back for the kabobs on my next Vegas trip.
5	The food is delicious, and the owner (who is usually working the register) is polite and courteous.  Kabob Express was the first place I've ever tried kabobs (or Afghani food in general), and I've been addicted ever since.  I've tried the chicken breast plate and beef plate, along with the one that comes with both.  Both were delicious, but I think I prefer the chicken.  Been to the place a couple times already, and it never ceases to disappoint.
3	For a place called express this place is slow as molasses. I got a combo plate with Kafta and chicken and my buddy a chicken wrap. Took almost 30 minutes to get out food and this was with the place mostly empty at 8pm on a thursday.The food was very good when we got it but the wait was just too much to overcome.
5	Love this restaurant and feel compelled to visit it when I am in the neighborhood.  Khalid the owner is very personable and I like the fact that he shares his Kabul heritage if you care to ask. The food obviously is cooked from scratch.  So, be very patient, because it is well worth the wait -- especially because the prices are so extremely reasonable.  It is not really "fast food," it truly is a home-cooked meal with quality ingredients.Addendum, updated 06/03/2012:I went there again today and once again the food was simply amazing!  The care that is taken to cook AFTER it is ordered.  Everything is made like your Great Aunt would do it if, of course, she was from Kabul, Afghanistan and if she was following cherished family recipes and if she were using only the finest ingredients.  Just taste the rice and you will know what I mean.  Then try any of the expertly spiced and prepared meats.  You will be hooked.Khalid was not there this afternoon but Tommie was and he was just as gracious. I go to Kabob Express when I want a great meal for an incredible price and when I want to impress a friends or family.  It truly is a bonus that the prices are so low.
3	Good food...
5	I stopped by here for lunch from a conference and loved it!!!!staff was friendly and the food good, a little bit of a longer wait, but definitely worth it.Definitely coming back when I hit Vegas again.
4	So a few years ago I went to a party and had these Kabobs, not like the ones you put on the grill with some onions and pepers some REAL  kabobs!  OMG these were so good they have been in the back of my mind thinking about them for years now.  I FOUND THEM they are around but searching yelp for someplace different on the way home I ran across this place.  Let me just say I'm a pretty happy girl.I had a hard time deciding between the Gyro and the Kafta Kabob because like I said I had this at a party so I didn't know the name.  So I asked the front guy (I think he might have been one of he owners NICE guy) which he thought I should have, he said the Kafta kabob had more seasoning and flavor, who's going to argue with that, right?  So it comes with a small salad, a kind of pico salsa, lots of seasoned rice and a pita, Kabob oh and a mild hot sauce (very good).  The salad was fresh no icky pieces, nice.  A kind of pico salsa had a bite or two but didn't want to waste space for the main coarse.  The Pita was lightly buttered I believe with maybe a bit of garlic? not sure on that one but it was lightly grilled just slightly browned on the edges and oh so nice.  The rice Mmmm seasoned fresh long grain Mmmmm I took a bite with every bite of kabob so it left a lot less room for anything.  So onto the Kafta Kabobs Oh My this is a blend of beef and just a tiny bit of lamb for flavor a lot of people stay away form lamb because it is quite a strong flavor but you have to trust me on this one and try the blend it is light and adds so much to it, I loved it.  There is many others seasons but come on I'm not that good ;) Sooo years after my kabob experience I have found it, the one.  The decor is nice it is mellow you can watch the variety of people walk by.  The wait wasn't bad it is a small restaurant btw so if its packed and you don't have time you might want to move on (waited 8 minutes) but if you want food that takes time to taste good then wait.BTW again I had leftovers big portions and they have a yelp offer check in and get a free soft drink. I will be back for sure...
4	Great gyros, but the lamb and rice is to die for. Prices are reasonable and the service is great.
5	The Kabob Express is in a satellite section of a Mall anchored by a Marketon Grocery Store. Right on the southeast corner of Tropicana Avenue at Eastern Avenue. It is an unassuming place in the middle of this small strip area at the front corner of the entire Mall.Libby and I went in and looked at the menu items up on the wall. We ask the Fellow at the counter a question or two, made our decisions, ordered, and paid. We took some of the plasticware and filled out drink cups. We took a nice table with a view of the parking area and the intersection.I ordered a Number 5, Lamb Kabob Dinner and Libby a Number 3, Chicken Breast Kabob. I do agree that it took a while for our order to arrive. The Chef cooked each order separately in a very hot kitchen area. Two families were already eating, one table of two was waiting and then us. The interior was clean, spacious, and cool. It didn't bother us to wait but, I believe that this Express is really a "Local".Our food arrived. Mine was a full plate of seven pieced of wonderfully cooked lamb. Cooked and browned well on the outside and medium rare within. The pieces were about 1.5" X 1.5 ". They were really nice sized chucks of juicy meat. There was also some romaine with a creamy dressing, seasoned rice, and a nice portion of tomato, onion, parsley salad that I usually call Israeli Salad. It was cold and flavorful.Libby's chicken kabob dinner was just like mine with the exception of the chicken instead of lamb. The chicken pieces were a hair smaller than my lamb pieces. They were cooked nicely and had a yellow color that I believe was the addition of some turmeric to the chicken marinade. Her chicken was moist and done perfectly. The pita on each plate was about a 3" size, warm, flavorful, and soaked up a lot of sauce.I had asked for some Maast Wa Khfar which is yogurt and cumber sauce. It is known in Greek as Tzatziki Sauce. It was cold and had a fine flavor that went well with my Lamb. With our dinner cam a small plastic cup of a green vinegar sauce that was like fire. I am still trying to find out what is in it other than "grated spices". So, beware of this "Green Dragon"  if you have a tender palate.All in all this was a fine stop for us and a belly full of food for $20.00 bill. It was good enough that I ordered a pair of lamb kabobs and  container of the cucumber sauce to take home.Give this place a try. the food is well worth it. Remember though, it is running on the "local" track and is definitely not an express train.My FIVE STARS for the food.
5	I was in Vegas for a couple days and came across this place. Amazing delicious food. Highly reccommend.
5	Simply the best, can't lose with anything on this menu. But my personal fav is the chicken tandory kabob 2nd the kofta.
5	Kabob Express is a great spot for a quick healthier lunch. I usually get the chicken wrap, the combo comes with fries and a drink. The wrap is very flavorful, a little messy but very tasty. Make sure you get the hot sauce to go with it. I've still got the kabob and other meals in my list to try.
4	Love there chicken kabob. Rice quality is very good. Delicious healthy fast food.
5	This place is absolutely delicious! Probably the best kabobs hands down! I definitely recommend ANYONE AND EVERYONE to go here! The food was full of flavor and the kabobs were juicy and tender. This place is my go to place! I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND KABOB EXPESS!
5	Their chicken salad is very delicious.  What makes this is the yummy chicken skewer pieces, with great spices and it must be curry to make them a little yellow.  The dressings very good - the owner (I think) gave me three.  I was on my lunch hour and their were quick enough.  They have other items I would like to try - I want to come back.  Check it out!
3	Yummy quick lunch.
5	The lamb kabob is great this place is always a good pick for the lunch crowd highly recommended
3	Ordered falafel, gyro, and fresh tzatziki. All very good and earned a solid 4 stars until the metallic tasting hummus that came with the falafel dropped this foodieview down to 3 stars. It's common foodie knowledge that hummus has citrus juice in it, but don't store it in metal containers without first lining the container with a barrier between the contents and the metal or maybe just add the citrus juice right before serving. In any case it's a good practice to use a lining in all metal containers when using them with food. The metallic taste of the hummus had me wondering how long they've been serving that batch before making a fresh one. A&E Foodieviews plans on stopping by Kabob Express again because well made falafel is far and few between, and hopefully the guys in the kitchen will have some proper hummus ready to serve.
4	Quick, not too pricey, and excellent quality.  Their rice is unbelivably good.  Salads too are off the hook!!!
3	Ordered food to-go. Man on the phone says 15 to 20 mins. Went there 20 mins later. Man says another 20 mins - rice is not cooked. Offers me French fries instead of rice. Price online on their website and store do not match. Needs updating. Took me total 40 mins to get food to-go.
5	Afghan place owned by an afghan person very niceand warm person with descent quality Persian / afghan food which is almost the same they haveGood food with descent price as well if you are in Vegas and you do not want to go to fancy dinner or lunchthis is a place to go
4	Really yummy food!  I had the kafta kabob meal (about $9), which came with a load of rice, salad, and a pita bread.  The kabobs were spiced ground beef shaped into sausage-like bodies.  Paired with the accompanying sauce (tasted like cilantro?), the result was flavourful and fresh.  Tons of food and tasty.  The small but well-kept interior is cheery as is the staff.  My only quibble is that my meal took longer than expected for this "express" establishment (~15-20min....I was the 2nd to order out of 2!).  However, I'm willing to wait for made-to-order yumminess done right.  Great lunch place that doesn't break the bank.
5	I loved the food here! My favorite is the borani badejan! It's my go to place! I HIGHLY recommend this restaurant, you won't be disappointed. It's clean and the staff is very friendly. The owner was the one to take my order, he was a very nice guy and the food came out promptly! Love this place :)!!
3	This place needs to update its look but the beef kabobs are mouth-watering and that's all that matters! The wait time is long but the food is always fresh here and the portions are big.
2	Not good. Beef kabob was gross and gyros was blah. Fries were cr@p. Stay clear of the combo. Waste of time and money.
5	Found this place was beside the awesome shoe store which I found here on yelp.I was pretty excited because this was a holein the wall kabob place which I have been craving so bad for so long. For my first order, since I am a human kitchen sink garbage disposal machine, I got the big sultani plate for $15. Coming from a place in LA where a lot of middle eastern people were and knowing how a good kabob was supposed to be like, this place does very well. May I just add that the King Sultani plate may very well serve two people, and I ate it all.I've been coming here regularly now, usually after I check out a huge thrift store across the street. Only con that I could think of? Food may take a while to cook. But, you do already know that good food takes a bit to make, right? Give this place a try and take your huge appetite with you. You wont regret it.
4	Yummz! Ya get in here and get your grub on. Clean, the owner was very personable and friendly. Reviews are accurate, so if you want a kabob, you have come to the right place..
5	Some of the Best Gyros around town. I have been coming here for 2 years now. They have good customer service and it doesn't take long to get your food. Chick it out!!!
5	The beef was tender, cooked perfectly! The place was clean and busy when we got there at about 1 on a Sat. The service was friendly and the food arrived  hot! There's a little cup of green spice sauce that had an after kick...so watch out! Interesting enough, they were playing Christmas Music softly in the background! Made for a nice atmosphere on this cold rainy day!
4	HUGE portions!!!!!  Love the chicken and the beef... not found on the lamb, but im sure others love it.  The only problem, if you order it there, it does tend to take FOREVER!!!!  you are able to call your order in ahead of time, so that is VERY helpful if you are on a lunch break!
5	Best place to eat in Las Vegas. Huge portions of tender beef and chicken. Prices are very reasonable. It's in a strip mall and from the outside looks rundown. Do not be fooled, it's a great place to eat.
4	Excellent food! Great prices....I love the #6 Steak and kobedah( ground Beef) with rice and salad. About $10
5	The chicken breast kabob and chicken beef soltani were great! Best kabob I had in Vegas so far
5	The place is great; not fancy, but clean with service provided by a courteous staff. My wife and I stopped here to pick up some feta cheese, olive oil and other Mediterranean groceries, saw the dining room and decided to stop for lunch. Her felafel sandwich was terrific, my kabobs were great - both served with saffron spiced basmati rice. It's a twenty minute drive from the strip but worth the short trip. Try it!
5	This place is amazing. Great food and a great value. Come here every time Im in Vegas for a convention. The owner/manager is really nice. There kabobs are ways flavorful and cooked perfectly. I would definitely recommend this place.
4	The food was good, good service, no complaints here. If I were a local I'd probably frequent it. Loved the pita bread they serve it's the thicker kind more doughy, which is exactly the way I like it & severed warm.Great local restaurant, no frills, simple & good.
4	My mother and I stopped by kind of randomly searching for tacos and when we saw this place we both said at the same time... what about kabob? I turned the car around to go back.. (Sorry Mexican food, as much as I love a taco carts, middle eastern food wind hands down almost every time). The cashier and cook were bright eyed guys that seemed much smarter then their present positions. The cashier was very proud of and passionate about the food and the cultures it came from and had quite a lot of information to share about the word derivatives spellings pronunciation and history of the same foods in different regions of the middle east. We both found him welcoming and playful, not over serious about the information, just happy to share. he was explaining the language bases of Iran, Afghanistan, and Arab states talking about how Persian language is actually an Indo- European language with a barely modified Arabic alphabet and Arabic influence.. I never stopped to think it was closer perhaps to French then Arabic.The food...pretty awesome. It was clean, well made, and delicious. My mother was particularly enamored with the rice. The only thing we didn't finish was the pita. it was nothing special and a little dry.The menu was limited in terms of vegetables. This was my only real complaint. I guess its better to do something small and do it well but places with limited vegetables lowers the standard a little for me. I eat meat but don't always and am a much happier eater if there are lots of  veggies. Wile there were several options for kabob there were only sides of a grilled eggplant dish, a spinach dish, and a green salad and the same green salad with chicken on it as an entree. more veggies please!The atmosphere was well lit and clean. There was some culture specific art on the walls from Afghanistan (remember  that haunting national geographic photo of the girl with the amazing eyes?) and Iran and there was a fair amount of seating and the tables and chairs were better then usual for a strip mall restaurant but you could still tell you were in a strip mall. We carried out because we were dressed poorly having stopped there after doing some construction in the house. I  was afraid I'd get  construction dust on the chairs if i sat down. And the other diners were dressed like  professional people, some button down shirts a few polo shirts and slacks.. so it was nice enough for me in my ripped and paint covered work clothes to feel well under-dressed. I'd say its classy for a strip mall but you still go to the counter and take your order and get served on a standard red restaurant tray.Other customers were speaking in what sounded like the few farsi words i know. To have a place be frequented by people of the same culture is always a good sign.I would definitely recommend this place and so would mom.
5	I ate every grain of the rice.  The meat was perfectly seasoned and cooked.  Easy to find/park.
2	DON'T BUY THE YELP VOUCHER if you don't have a smartphone. Last time we were here, our order was short (we were charged for an item we never received), and I didn't want to come back at all, but my husband insisted. Today, I came to Yelp first and saw all the glowing reviews, and I thought, maybe it was just a bad day; I'll give them another chance. So I purchased and printed a Yelp voucher -- which they refused, because although the voucher stated clearly that it could be printed and that the business cannot make any additional restrictions, they claimed that they didn't have to accept the voucher if I didn't present it on an iPhone.
5	This is the best Kabob place I've found on the East Side. We usually do take out and the meat is cooked and seasoned perfectly and the rice is delicious. Very gracious staff as well. I usually order the beef kabob and I love it.
2	Update: my husband went back and spoke with the manager, who insisted that there is no way they can accept paper vouchers despite the fact that Yelp states that they can. Caveat emptor.
4	A co-worker and I passed by this place on our way to get Chinese food but decided to give Kabob Express a try and was glad we decided to skip on Chinese. The place is pretty small but very clean and the gentleman at the front was very welcoming.Everything on the menu looked good but wanted to try a little bit of each of the meats. I decided on the meat combo which consisted of chicken, beef, and kefta. Each of the combo plates came with your choice of meat, rice, salad, and a pita bread. I wanted to go all protein so asked for the combo without rice but the cashier highly recommended the rice. You can certainly tell he was very passionate about his food and stood by it 100%. I also got a free soda with a yelp check in which I gave to my co-worker. Since I didn't order a drink for myself the cashier went ahead and offered me another free soda. Nice!!As the food came out I noticed the portions were pretty big. The meats were very tender and the chicken was very moist. The beef to my surprise was so tender I was able to separate it with just my fork. My favorite was the Kefta. I believe its made with a combo of beef and lamb but the spices is what really makes it stand out. Oh and be carful because you'll get the garlic burps after eating the kefta. I didn't mind since I was able to taste it throughout the day, it was that good. Also ask for the cucumber yogurt sauce and the spicy green sauce as both go perfect with the meal. Overall this place fully satisfied my protein craving. I would definitely come back. Awesome kabobs.
4	This was one of those "been meaning to try this place" and I finally did.  Airy and clean and it smelled so good when entering!  I really wanted a vegetarian kabob, but since it wasn't on the menu I opted for the chicken tandoori kabob.  Seasoned nicely and the chicken was juicy and tender - and they pulled the wooden kabob so I didn't have to fuss with it.  Yea!I will definitely be back!
5	Kabob express! What can I say. I crave for you everyday!Their staff are so friendly and have good customer service. We didn't even have to wait long for our food to get served. This is our go-to place here in the office. The food is so worth the price, and I love how they have shawarma too! Yum. :D
5	Delicious! It's not authentic, but the food hits the spot. It looks more like a Roberto's, but the cooks put it down! I recommend the tandory chicken and the hummus. The price is right and the food is fast.
5	The food was great and also the service. We ordered almost every type of kebab on their menu. The meats were tender and tasty. Chicken was well cooked and moist. I was very happy with their rice as it had a subtle taste of a spice which is popular in Afghanistan. The manager was also very nice and friendly. Just beware they don't have a restroom, just a faucet to wash your hands.
5	Great experience here! For the connoisseur of middle eastern food, there is a full menu of standard kabob as well as some exotic selections which are served with salad, bread and rice. Free soft drink available with check in as well for a complete meal! I gotta admit that I'm not quite enlightened on some of the offerings so I got a gyro, with fries and drink for under $9! What's even better is that the portion size was so generous that I took half of it home for dinner the next day. World Cup playing on 2 screens was an added bonus. Great value and I'll definitely be back!
4	Easy to find, SE corner of Eastern & Tropicana. Small restaurant promotes friendly service. Good food at a reasonable price. Beef and chicken Sultani platter - $11. Large portions.
4	Damn good food yo! This is my second time here. First time I had the Gyro and it was pretty good. This time I ordered the Kofta Kabob and Chicken plate (#7) and it is DELICIOUS! Fast service, affordable and so yummy. The only reason I dropped one star is because I only wish it came with a side of hummus. Though you can get it for $4.
5	One of my favorite middle eastern restaurants in Las Vegas, a hole on the wall. The food is mainly Iranian. I've tried most their combos and none of them have disappointed so far, the meat is so tasty, tender and juicy, perfectly cooked. I love the salad, the green sauce and the yogurt. The owner and staff are very attentive, I've been a frequent costumer for 3 years and my experience has been great every time.
5	Stopped in for lunch today and was happy to be greeted by friendly staff. The recommendations were delicious and I will be sure to stop in for a quick lunch the next time I'm in the area. Had both the chicken and beef kabobs, both were great. Five stars for great food and great value.
2	I will not be returning to this restaurant again. I ordered 30 meals for a lunch we provide to senior citizens and had a horrible experience. To start, it was difficult to place the order because the manager was not available the first two times I called and no one else could take the order. Then, when I did place the order and told them we are tax exempt, he still quoted me a price with tax. Not realizing that he included tax, I told him it was a bit high compared to what I expected. He offered to give me a discount and brought the price down 10%. I was appreciative for that since we are a non-profit and have to keep our costs down. Well, when I arrived to pick up the order, I asked for a receipt showing what I paid for and they could not provide me with one because of the discount. During this discussion, I discovered that my 10% discount was applied to the total INCLUDING tax! So he really gave me a 2% discount since we don't pay tax to begin with. The man who was there (Surprise, the manager was not there again) was very nice and tried to help me. He called the manager on the phone so he could figure out how to give me the receipt I needed, but the manager was very rude. When I explained the situation and what I needed, he said he couldn't do it because the register doesn't allow him to. His best offer was to charge me full price so that I could have a receipt that matched the credit card slip. When I got the order back to the office and began serving to our clients, we were not pleased. The order was chicken breast kabobs, rice, salad, and pita bread. The chicken was dry, the salad was just chopped iceberg lettuce, and the pita was cold and some pieces were moldy. The only thing I can compliment them on is the flavor of the rice. They charged me for 30 individual meals, and fortunately, we had a few cancellations because they did not provide enough chicken to feed 30 people. I agreed to allow them to provide the food in catering trays rather than box up 30 meals, but all this allowed them to do was short us. This was not the first time we had ordered from them, but it will be the last after the treatment I received and the frustration of the whole experience.
3	The gyro was good. I've had better and I've had worse.
5	Simply Amazing!  Flavorful foods.  Nice staff.  Relaxing environment. My girlfriend and I both had an order of chicken shish kabobs and an order of hummus.The hummus was so flavorful and the pita bread was warm and perfectly made.The chicken on the kabob plates was moist and very well seasoned.   The rice... oh my lawd was that great rice!Yes, this place is a "hole in the wall", but dang the food is good!  Will be returning again in the future!
5	Great food!   Awesome customer service!   The chicken and beef are sooooo flavorful!
5	Always a pleasure to come in and eat. All the negative reviews always complain about customer service but never have I had issues and the reason being for this is because I am not picky and rude to the staff. If you come here, sit down, take your time, and enjoy your food as it should be then it will definitely be worth it. All the food is made from authentic family recipes and made fresh from full kosher (halal) meat. This restaurant is a hidden gem. My favourite recommended plate is the number 8 (chicken and beef sultani). The chicken is marinated in a delicious yogurt based marinara and the food is cooked over an open flame grill. Delicious. Another recommended plate is the chicken shawarma wrap with fries and a drink. If you love small genuine places to eat this is one. The manager and employees will remember you and they will become your second family.
4	The standard gyro here is a massive portion of meat wrapped in giant pita for a low $7. One of the best deals on this side of town, which isn't known for high prices to start with. Staff is friendly, location is clean, and if they gyro isn't enough for you a side of spinach might hit the spot- topped with roasted tomatoes and caramelized onions, it's way better quality than I expected though a bit oily for my personal preference.A complete meal with drink and side will barely set you back $10 and you'll likely have leftovers. Damn delicious gyro with tons of thick-cut meat and a hefty portion of tzatziki sauce to top it with.
5	Food is amazing at a great price!!!!!! Try the tandoori chicken and the hummus! ! YUMMYY
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat. The meat is so tender and flavorful. They give huge portions. I usually order a chicken and beef combination and always have plenty of leftovers. I LOVE their sauces! The tzatziki is not too overpowering (as I've noticed at some places) and the green sauce (whatever it is) is amazing. I always ask for an extra. The service is always great. The people working there have always been pleasant and accommodating. They truly seem to value your business. I usually call in my order so it's ready when I get there but I've noticed when I don't, it doesn't take very long. I live near another kabob place but drive 20 minutes to Kabob Express instead of eating there. That is how much I love their food. I don't normally leave 5 stars but in this case I have to!
5	I've been coming here for years and the quality and service of Kabob express has never faltered.  Khalil is a gracious owner who knows how to run a business, treat his customers well and ensures that the food is incredible.  The servings are always generous and you can pick how spicy you want your food.  I always ask to get my food spicy and topped with grilled onions.  You can't go wrong with the chicken tandoor or the fish kabobs.  Both are cooked and seasoned to perfection.  Afghan rice is always perfect with the various meats.  I could eat the rice by itself.  If you're looking for real-deal Kabob then this is the place.  Skip the competition.  None of them even come close.  Furthermore, you'll always be treated like royalty.
4	Love this place, I always stop in when I am in the neighborhood. Never had a bad meal at Kabob Express. The place is clean and the owner is pleasant.
5	I loved this place. It's nothing fancy but is a very clean place with great simple food. Very delicious homey style. good variety of middle eastern food with very fair pricing. Close to strip and airport.
