1	I was torn when thinking about how many stars I should give. I'll do the negatives first - The front desk person stunk. Not literally but he did not have good customer service skills. When a client comes in, it's his job to print out the "ticket" and escort the customer to the waiting room. My ticket somehow got lost and my friend (who had her appt. the same time as me) was seen right away and I waited 25 minutes in the waiting room. Guess that's why it's a wait area.A couple of people asked me if I'd been helped but then they never revisited me. Afterwards, when I brought up the fact that I didn't get my 60 minutes of service, a teacher (one of the people that checked on me, actually, and then never came back) came out and said that her student said she completed the 60 minutes but she would investigate. That's it. Nothing taken off of my tab. Oh-kayyyy.The good stuff - when I finally did get my body wrap (which wasn't really a wrap but more like a massage) it was really good! Very relaxing. The student was very nice, especially when I'm sure I looked PO-ed from waiting all that time in the wait area. My second service was a pedicure. While it was mediocre, this student was also nice and really tried to do a good job. Plus, he admitted that this wasn't his favorite thing to do. He much preferred to do hair but all the students have to rotate in the different services. And the best part is that this place is super cheap.But would I come here again? I would have if they had been fair about my bill. But they weren't. I could forget waiting 25 minutes because the wrap was awesome. I didn't mind the mediocre pedicure because it was cheap and the guy gave a good foot rub. But I think I'd rather pay triple what I paid and get a very good service. Plus, it's in a freakin' strip mall (OK, that was low. I wouldn't have cared much except the teacher jipped me on my bill!)
5	My friends and I decided to go to Aveda, since one of our classmates recommended it (and she always had nice hair). She mentioned that the haircuts were cheap too, only $15! When I arrived there, I was greeted by one of the junior students. She was very friendly, and would explain everything that she was doing. She also explained about each fabulous AVEDA product that she used on me.What's nice about the haircuts are that there are a lot of COMPLIMENTARY services included in that $15. First, they give you a stress relieving scalp treatment (you can choose from 3 different scents like energizing, calming, and beautiful. I chose CALM because it had a lighter scent). After that, they shampoo and condition your hair. During the conditioning process, the student would ask if I wanted a mini facial (complimentary!), and a hand/arm massage (complimentary too!). If you were wearing makeup, they would even offer a comp make-up touch-up.The students here get about 11 weeks training to do hair, and are later allowed to take clients. They each get about 2 clients a day. Most of the students are only there for about a year (Tuition is like $17K a year for them!). Make sure you get at least a junior or senior. You don't want to be getting your hair messed up! There are usually about 4 instructors on the floor, so many of the students would have to ask their instructors for some tips or advice when they encounter certain dilemmas. Don't worry! These instructors are very experienced, and make sure the students won't destroy your hair!No tipping is allowed here. However, when you buy any Aveda products, it goes to the stylist/haircutter (especially if you really wanted to tip).All of the students took their time with my friends and me (We were there for about 2 hours+!) Please be patient if you have one of the students who is VERY careful. The students were very responsive and friendly. I would definitely come back here again for my stylist to do some coloring/highlighting or even perms. They also offer Esthetics, which include relaxation packages (oil massages), stress reliever packages, exfoliating back facials, pure focus facials, and awakening wraps! Maybe a wrap in the near future?
4	I had such a horrible experience at this Vietnamese salon in Anaheim (she cut my hair with dull scissors!), that I was in desperate need of a haircut fix! This place was recommended to us by another classmate...and after my experience there today, I would definitely recommend them to others! Okay....yes, they are students but c'mon, where else can you get a $15 haircut?!? And anyway, the $15 included a hand massage, a scalp massage, and a mini facial! Yea...and they'll shampoo your hair, blow dry it, and style it all with AVEDA products!I took off a star because the haircut took awhile, but I'm glad that my stylist did it slowly by asking the instructor questions before actually cutting my hair! I would totally come back...next on my list is a body wrap! And oh yeah...they serve complimentary coffee and tea as well!
4	Yep, I'm a man. Needed a haircut, and always had it done by a stylist for over 25yrs. Mostly by the same girl back in the SF Bay Area. (hey Kiki)Saw this review here on Yelp, some guy had to step up!I just got back.  Dusti #44 worked on me. Yes these are students. They THRIVE and are THRILLED to have a human to work on.  "I did 6 highlights on my mannequin head today" "I'm happy to help" "I'm glad your here".Shampoo and a Cut. I think they just passed right over the "spa" type treatments with me. Which I would have refused anyways. Suppose the MetroMen of Yelp could get the "treatment" if you ask. (Post Pics here if you do. Promise not to laugh. Promise.)I'm more than satisfied. Quality products in the shampoo & conditioner used. Good tunes piped into the room. Dusti was very cool. You look over the room, they all look like anybody you've seen in any salon. At least ones I've been to. (I wasn't allowed to enter Beverly Hills a while back, I wore the wrong shoes.)Cool part about all this beyond the $15 flat fee. You can specify a particular stylist you want because of their work they've done for you in the past. Given they haven't graduated since you last visited. My point being it does not have to be random just because it's a scholastic center.All the way OK Men. No fears. Much better than any Barber. Dusti #44, "see ya later!"Fyi. Turn north off E.Tropicana on S.Eastern. Look quickly right, way back into the big corner parking lot.
4	'nother good experience at Aveda.This time got the, Scalp, Neck and Shoulder massage. I guess some are more apt than others? Of course the Shampoo, Conditioner , and Haircut. Still $15 (not allowed to Tip. But buying supplies Helps the student as a Tip)Stylist (see below) was Excellent!! She was also an excellent source of "what about Town". (she's been here through the "BOOM"). Add to the list why a Stylist is better than a Barber. She conversed positively, and really put her Heart & Soul into my stay!Turns out due to State of Nevada, they cannot be "requested" as your provider any longer. Up until 3 weeks ago you were able to request whom worked on you. No Longer.  "Sate Law". Or from now on.... You do still call to set an appointment. It will be "random" who you get.(below) I'm keeping names out now due to this "new" requirement.2nd visit. 2nd provider.There will be a 3rd...........check it out.......
1	Sure, it's cheap.  But how much is your head of hair worth?  I had the world's worst experience there and warn everyone not to go, especially at day's end when the students are distracted.  I had a student who was almost done with her training.  That scared me - she should not be allowed to cut hair.  If she is so bad, imagine the new students.  All she did was bitch to her friends instead of acknowledging my existence, let alone pay attention.  She did tell me the instructors were all people who couldn't get salon jobs.  That explains a lot, including why the instructor cut my bangs so short that I look like I just got out of an insane asylum.  I would have had better luck with a monkey cutting my hair with a kitchen knife.
3	i've been here a couple of times and i think it's a really cool place.the only problem i have is if you really like a hairdresser.. the chances of them being there the next time you come in are rare... but if you REALLY like someone.. then it's a good idea to get their information.the hairdressers i've had are super friendly.. never forget to offer a drink..very thorough with their consults..and very thorough with the cut and styling.if your gonna go to aveda, make sure you clear your schedule because you'll be there for awhile!  it's a good time to consider this some good "chill" time..  if your getting color & a cut, which they generally schedule in the mornings, then get there early!  they'll cut you short of a haircut if the dying takes to long or vice versa!they offer a lot of other services besides hair.. like eyelash ext., waxing, nails.. etc.. if your getting color, they also give your a free scalp and shoulder massage which is definitely a plus..it's good to call ahead and make an appointment.
2	Other folks have covered the basics here.  Went in for a haircut for $15.  The gal who cut my hair was nice, but spent the whole time chatting with other stylists.  Kinda threw off my zen frame of mind while getting the hand massage.  I asked her to use her judgment to cut my hair - my only requirement was that it still would be long enough to fit in a ponytail.  Well, uh, she just trimmed it.  Didn't offer or suggest layers or anything else or show any initiative.  Um, ok.  Haircut turned out okay - same type of haircut I would've gotten at Supercuts or whatever (but with a ton more gossiping and chattering amongst the stylists).  Maybe I was hoping for something cooler?  I bought a 1.7 ounce bottle of hand lotion (since you can't tip) for $7 on my way out.
4	Color touch-up was great!  The teachers/mentors are very present, always available to the stylists and just on the floor even when they're not being used.  My colorist was clearly a bit nervous (still new-ish) and as I was expecting it took a long time (2.5 hours)  but she did a wonderful job and for only $23 it was absolutely worth it!
5	This place is great for the price.  Yeah, they are students, but no one has ever messed up my hair.  They also do pedis/manis.  A teacher does have to check your hair at the end of your student cut, and then they fix up anything that isn't right.  They also give you the full Aveda treatment with Aveda products.  For $15 and you aren't allowed to tip, I would recommend this place!  The only downside is that it takes a while.  It usually takes around 2 hours.  :]
5	I had a skin treatment done there, the facility is really nice and the service is great. The treatment area is pretty big  and the prices are great. They play relaxing music and the students do a great job. I will definitely go back next time I am in Vegas.
1	So I walked in very excited because when I think Aveda, I think  very good high quality products, and good service. When the receptionist saw me she greeted me okay so far. I asked her if there was anytime available for a mani/pedi and she and the other receptionist looked on the computer and told me someone would be available at 1:30 but it would take about 2 and a half hours. WHAT?! I was with my husband and he said it was okay so fine I reserve 1:30 (It was 12 at the time.) So we leave and I came to the realization that making my husband wait 2and a half hours in a salon is just torture so I called and rescheduled for just the mani cause that was the shorter of the two. No problem. Everything okay so far. We arrived back at 1:30 and the receptionist greets me and tells me to pick out my polish so I pick it out and she tells me to wait in the waiting area. My husband and I go and sit down and I am thinking that it'll just be a few minutes before the student comes and gets me. We ended up sitting there for ONE WHOLE HOUR with no one informing us about what was going on or even saying anything for that matter. I was so upset that we were treated that way that we just left. As we walked out of the waiting room to the exit we had to pass the reception desk. The girl in the front did not even acknowledge us to say good bye or anything. How rude! So that was the last time I will ever go to there. While I was there I seen some pretty interesting things as well. The waiting area is on the actual salon floor so you can see the students working on other clients. One student that was working on a client washed her client's hair and sat the client back at her station and was about to blow dry her hair when the instructor came up to her and started blow drying the client's hair for her while she grabbed her things and went to lunch! I was so apalled by that. Not a good way to teach their students customer service. Do not go to this place. HORRIBLE customer service!
5	This is where I go to get my haircut and manicure. I mean goregeous women who massage your hands and face? It doesn't get any better than that. I don't like that they all get so bashful when I want to tip them, but I know what it's like to be a starving student, and if they don't do a good job I don't have. Anyways, sometimes it takes a little longer than it would at a barber shop to get my haircut here, but the scenery makes it worth waiting :) Also they offer you a coffee or a water while you wait. Which I think is just classy. I usually just do the haircut and manicure combo for $25 which I think is a perfectly fair deal. Haircuts come with a nice shampoo and facial stuff if you like which I recommend because it's free! And for those of you who question getting a manicure let me tell you if you work with your hands or are in a career where you present at all get them. I know a lot of my fellow straight males just don't understand the importance, so I encourage places like Aveda for them and myself, as seriously the eye-candy makes me go!
4	I had the following services done today:-brow and lash tinting:  Results were great.  The service student was very nice-haircut and makeup: the student who did my hair had only 3 weeks until graduation...Thank GOD! She did a good job, consistently ask me if I like it.  She was like a pro with another pro checking her work.  When she did my makeup, she was very nice and made sure that my makeup was to my liking.  She did exactly what I asked of her.  In addition to the haircut, I got a nice little scalp and shoulder massage, a mini facial and hands massage, which were definitely good.My poor bf, however got a new student, in which it seems to be her first time cutting a real person's hair.  He didn't get all the perks that I did.  He also told me that she took FOREVER.The person you get to cut your hair is like the luck of the draw.  I had an awesome experience, all for $45, while my bf vowed to never come back.  Poor him.But, I will definitely come back.
1	Went to Aveda because I bought a groupon and thought I would try out their services. I am very picky about my hair so I opted for a deep conditioning treatment and a pedicure. The girl I had was going to do both services, she was very quiet and seemed shy. First, she did the deep conditioning... it takes 30 mins under a dryer to activate yet she decided to do my pedicure while the conditioner sat in my hair. She didn't want to cut my toe nails and instead said she was going to file them, they were still pretty long when I left. The pedicure was such a horrible 2 HOUR experience. She even told me she hates doing nails. I mostly listened to her talk about her boyfriend. After rinsing our the conditioner we went back to the station to dry my hair. I have very thick long hair so I told her she can blow dry until damp before using a brush. She didn't listen to me or the instructor who told her to use a ceramic brush to help my hair straighten/dry faster. After 1.5 hrs of blow drying my hair was STILL damp and wavy. I was very disapppointed all around, especially at the lack of supervision from the instructors. They came over twice the entire 4 hours I was at the school.
5	I knew about this Institute, thanks to groupons, I got a haircut, very pleased and satisfied with my look, the point is you have to be patient and tell the student exactly what you want, the instructor will also come and finish the final jobI paid 15$ for a very nice hair cut, I used to pay 60$ to have the same look, but now only 15$ with hand massage and facial treatment, No tip is accepted at school, thanks to Aveda, and thanks to LAs VegasUpdated on Jan 05, 2011 : Okay, I got a lots of compliments about my hairstyle, girls love it, guys love it :), so TOTALLY WORTH IT :)
5	I go to different beauty schools all the time, and this is my Favorite! The only thing is you have to go with time, which I make sure I have and I always have a wonderful experience! This school has the aura of being in a high end salon, from the Aveda clean scent to music playing, students are dressed like they are high stylist and the teachers exude confidence! I have had root touch up, highlights, cuts, hair treatments, facials & mani/pedi. I have always left feeling awesome and looking good! Students I've had are always interesting, kind & polite! Don't pass up this place UNLESS you are in a hurry :)
3	First off, we have a pretty ghetto location here. On top of that half of the parking lot was closed for a "carnival" of sorts- like 3 kiddie rides and 75 carnies...so lock your car and pack your mace. The service was great, I accidentally got drunk the night before my morning appointment and overslept and they were able to get me in an hour later...always a plus. I went in for highlights and the girl (who had only been at the Institute since August) did a great job, was super friendly and the instructors were hands-on and helpful too. Downside was that it took 3 1/2 hours!! I don't need a hair appointment cutting into my Friday happy hour...but then again, I was the one that overslept. Either way, that's a long time. Would I go again? Yes, it was very affordable (I got a free facial too), and they did a good job. If we don't go how will these students ever learn??
1	I am new Vegas but not new to the Aveda Institute. I have been going to the one in Tempe for years and never had an issue. My stylist was in a mood and was fired or dismissed right during my color, sat for another 45 min waiting for another student to finish when my scalp started burning. New stylist informs me I have "hot roots" which she preceeded to fix, nightmare is an understatement. Supervisor was rude, charged me the full price of not only service 1 but the repair of the mess that stylist 1 did to my hair. I was there a total of 6.5 hours and was never offered a drink or an apology plus had to pay for orignial service plus repair service. I wrote to the owner and never heard a peep.....not worth the price folks!
4	First thing you should know going into the Aveda Institute.. it is going to be about a 3 1/2 to 4 hour job depending on what your having done & the experience level of the student.  I have been to the Institute 2x now once for a mani/pedi & second for a partial highlight, I have to say my hair experience was much more enjoyable than my mani/pedi experience!  The student who did my highlights was so nice & her conversation kept the visit pleasant! When you come to get your hair done included in your visit is a complimentary hand & arm massage, mini facial treatment (very very nice) & make up touch up too. I love the Aveda experience & if I can get it for the fraction of the price & still have the quality.. then I say it's worth the extra hour or so at the Aveda Institute ;).
4	I've been to the Aveda Institute about three different times and experienced about four different services, so I think it's about time I write my take on it.My first experience was a few years ago to get a simple haircut.  I'm not too picky with styles, so there's definitely some flexibility there should it not turn out too perfect.  The great thing about the hair services at Aveda is that it includes a stress relieving treatment, a hand and arm massage, make up touch up, and a mini facial.  (Although I have never been offered any kind of make up touch up whatsoever though.)Most recently, I returned for another haircut ($15) and a Botanical Hair Treatment ($20).  Much to my surprise, my haircut was free since I was donating it to Locks for Love!  Very cool!  (Looks like I may never have to pay for a haircut again then!)  This was obviously a newer service since I donated my hair the first time and they didn't know anything about it then.  Nice to see this new feature.Since I was using a Groupon, I needed to add a last minute service and was able to squeeze an Elemental Nature Pedicure ($25.50) while there.  The pedicure was just okay.  The girl who cut my hair also did the pedicure and I could tell she just didn't have a lot of experience with pedicures.  It's supposed "to include grooming of nails, cuticles, exfoliation, massage, and treatment masque completed with polish." First off, the exfoliation part - the paddle that they use to help scrub the bottoms she also used to scrub the tops of my feet.  Uh, ouch.  Delicate skin there! That was a huge sign of the rest of my experience.  I then mentioned that she might want to trim my nails first.  She either didn't hear me or ignored me because she chose to lightly file them instead.  (I thought maybe there weren't allowed to cut nails?)  She cleaned up the excess polish and all, but there's no place or machines to help dry them.  Off you go with those cheap paper thin sandal things.  (The worst part was that the sandal broke walking through the parking lot to the car, so now my clean feet were dirty black!)  I allocated three hours for this visit and was out by two!  When I got home, I had to retouch a lot of it.And my most recent experience was with the Ultra Stress Relaxation Treatment ($50).  It's a lighter "massage that includes upper body, complete hand and arm, leg and foot massage."  When I made the appointment, I specifically requested a female and they said sure.  When I go there, I was assigned to a male.  They were able to change that quite easily thank goodness.  They start you with a foot bath while you get your consultation.  I'm not sure if it's the Aveda way or my student's, but she started me facing upwards.  She had me flip twice - so I ended up facing upwards again.  A little too much flipping in my opinion.  One of the best things they do is end with this Peppermint Oil on your upper back that makes you feel lit.  Overall, the Aveda Institute is a hit or miss - just really depends on your student.  You have to be open to a little experimentation and have some free time on your hands.  The extra little bit of pampering they do does make it that much nicer.  I don't think I would go back for a manicure or pedicure, just doesn't seem like their specialty.Keep your eyes out - word is that they are going to be featured on Groupon again soon!  3.5 stars
3	Great place to get a cut and a facial. The greet you right away and offer you something to drink. Along with my color, when the girl was rinsing my hair she gives you a hand massage, and facial! Only con, the stylists that aren't busy are all over the place, some really loud. Which is kind of distracting when ur trying to relax during a facial :p but overall, very nice.
4	The Aveda Institute is on my regular rotation for beauty maintenance mostly because it's so inexpensive. So, during a month when money is tight and I need to cut back, I'll get pretty at Aveda Institute because I can walk out of there having had a color touch up, trim and style for less than $45. On top of that, they throw in little perks like a mini facial, scalp massage and/or hand massage. So even though I'm spending less, I still feel like I get a good spa treatment. The important thing to remember here is that you're dealing with students, most of whom are around 19-21 years old. But before you get scared off, there are very experienced instructors who walk around and monitor their work. Here's a tip: smile a lot and chit chat with the instructors, and you'll find that they pay even more attention to you and the student working on you. I have gone to Aveda Institute for many years. And I have never walked out of there with a bad haircut or bad color job.   Also, there's no tipping. But if you find that you really liked your student stylist, then purchase a product that he/she recommends. I think they get some sort of credit for that.
4	I had a pretty good experience here... Friends and I made a girls day out of this. The only downside to it was that i ended up being there longer than i expected. I got a hair cut and a botanical treatment. My stylist was nice, greeted me and offered something to drink, and kept a good conversation going to help pass time, she did great with my haircut and blow dry/straighten. I especially enjoyed the mini facial and hand massage. As im writing this review, the only thing i keep thinking is "I need to go back for a facial, another hair cut, color, something!" I'm pretty sure I'll go back again in a few weeks or so, whenever I'm due for another haircut :)
5	My Sister recommended Aveda to me awhile ago. She always told me such good things about it.Groupon had a deal for the school so i decided now was a good time to try it, i didnt have much to lose right?To This date ive been to the school around 7 times and each time has been wonderful!!!"Manny" was the first student i had there. He was funny, witty, and gave me confidence that he knew what he was doing with my hair. I had allover color done with some highlights and peek a boo's. I loved every moment i spent there. Music playing and good vibes in the air. I walked out feeling amazing!Next visit More highlights and a mani and pedi.Once again awesome experience, great vibes, professional students, great instructors who made themselves readily available.Kelsey is an amazing instructor who really knows her colors and cuts. She has looked at my hair each and every time ive been there and made recommendations about what color should be done. Plus I look forward to seeing her style and what new hair color or cut she has had done! Amazing!!!!When you go you need to have some time on your hands. These are students and they want to do their best which might take a little bit more time then if they were seasoned stylists. But they will give you a aromatherapy massage, facial or hand massage with plenty of flavored water or tea. Also I reccomend being open and relaxed when dealing with the students, if they sense you are tense or think they dont know what they are doing it will not help them do their job or build their confidence. :)Thumbs wayyyyy up aveda!!!!
4	Got my highlights done here. My hair dresser was very nice, and did a great job on my hair. The prices are amazing for the service they offer. She also straightened my hair at the end. She was very patient, considering I have thick curly hair. I think she just hated me a little at the end, since my hair was so hard to work on. Still, not my fault and hopefully this was a good learning experience for her.
4	Went here to get the color lifted from my hair. I figured since they're students, they need to learn, and it's not like they could screw it up any worse than I could at home.Took 6 hours, but I went from being pretty dark to about halfway to the blonde I wanted to be. I'll probably go back to lighten it more in a month or so. And, I knew it would take all day, since it's a school, so I scheduled it for a day I didn't have anything else to do. Also, the mini-facial they give is pretty great, and I may go back for a full one later. The instructors were very attentive, and even helped my student out a few times.  The biggest complaint I have is that my student disappeared frequently while we were waiting for the color to lift. I don't know what she was doing, which means she may have been chatting with her instructor, but I don't know. She had a few months to go to graduation, and hadn't done a color lift before, so maybe she was doing research. The only other complaint I have about her is that when I asked about products to use at home, she handed me a tube of conditioner and explained what it does, but didn't tell me the price. Neither did the receptionist when she was ringing me out, and I guess it's partly my fault for not asking, but when something is $30, you should make sure the person knows first. Aside from that, it's a good place to go if you don't mind helping someone learn, and have some time to kill. The prices are great, and the service is pretty good.
5	I went to Aveda for a haircut (and to see how I like the place) over the weekend and I am in love! It had been over 4 months since my last haircut (moving, starting a new job and all) and my ends were FRIED! The student did a great job! Not to mention the mini facial, stress relieving neck and shoulder rub and a hand massage added all for the grand price of $15! I WIL BE BACK!
1	I guess it depends on your luck. My student didn't know how to hold a hairbrush and a dryer the right way. I went in for a basic cut, to trim my ends but she was too scared to cut any hair so she ended up cutting only the longest part of my hair, in the back. Other things she messed up on were conditioning my roots after shampooing...so my hair looked really oily when she dried it, she used too much product on my hair, she didn't use a towel to dry it after washing...she just squeezed the water out a bit so it was dripping wet as she tried to cut it. Oh yea...and it all took 2 hours. I don't recommend it ..even with a Groupon.
3	I went in to get my highlights updated and my over all color. I booked an appt on FB then drove down there and the students were doing their "mods". I was kinda upset telling the receptionist that they should block their days out so no on can book appts on the days the students would not be available  for service. No brainier right?So she tells me to come in the next day right when they open and they will be able to do my hair. Arrived at 9 Am and got out of there at 1:30 i had a meeting to make at 2and the student did a great job of keeping tract of time.I printed off a coupon for a free botanical treatment andwhen i went to pay they said since they are a school they dont accept coupons.Why not print that at the bottom? NOT ACCEPTED AT OUR SCHOOL?I wasnt too happy with that or the fact the woman at the register gave me a total without really explaining my bill to me. $80.00My hair was still fabulous! Thats why i go back. Not really for the customer service.
5	I'll admit...I was cheating on my stylist when I set my appt up. And since I'm incredibly picky with who takes scissors to my hair...I was very nervous. When a friend of mine scheduled an appt, she had mentioned that were yelpers so I'm thinking this is the reason we both got students that are a month away from graduation. I got beautiful long layers that I asked for and my friend got the cute straight tapered bangs she requested along with a trim. We both left the place with fresh beautiful hair. My stylist gave ms a massage, facial and did my make up for free. My friend didn't get asked if she wanted a massage and opted out of the facial/make up. It was a pleasant experience. My stylist was Kady if anyone is going there before march...you should ask for her. :)
5	Had 7-month student, Jen cut my hair, and it was a great experience, and a really good cut.I gave her zero-input, and let her decide what would look good on me, and was really pleased that I got a trendy new look.They teach them to push product, like other salons, but I felt like it was a really soft-sell, and there were no awkward moments.All-in-all I'd do it again!
1	Went in yesterday for app. at 1:30, they were behind 45 minutes. All I wanted was 1/2 inch cut off. The student used her comb to measure. I was in her chair for a hour and half. I cancelled my eye brow wax, and left. I had my normal hairdresser fix my cut today. The girl cut it so uneven its not even funny. And why didnt the teacher fix her mistakes? I will never go there again. The girls are not professional at all. All the work stations had pop or coffee cups all over, and if they werent cutting hair, they were on their cell phones. Dont even get me started on what they were wearing.
3	I wish i could rate this 2.5This was my first time getting my hair cut by students from any sort of salon. My expectations were a little low but I was hoping the Aveda name would make up for it. I got a hair cut, botanical treatment, and a manicure. the hair cut was okay. but the girl messed up on my bangs. i heard what the teachers instructions were and when i opened my eyes that is not what i saw. if she were hesitant she should have cut it longer so that she could fix mistakes. instead now i have to live with the mistake. also when she was blow drying she kept getting my hair tangled in the roller brush...a yelper mentioned pushing products. i actually ran out of heat protectant product and wanted to try a new one so i asked the girl about it. she was useless. all she said was that they had a different product from the one she was putting in my hair at that very moment that protected from heat/styling.manicure: this is by far one of the worst manicures i ever had. she had me soak my hands in water and some solution. then started putting base coat on the right hand. then realized she forgot to do the hand massage so stopped to do it. then proceeded on to painting. barely pushing back cuticles or anything else. her painting was terrible. she didn't paint all the way to the cuticle on some nails and it didn't look all that nice anyway since she didn't push back the cuticles. i could have done a better paint job at home. will not be paying for a manicure from this place againthe girl was 6-7 months in the program. i was not impressed and if she was at a salon i would not go back to her ever again. she said she was going to focus on hair for her career. the prices here are a good deal but you have to be willing to take the risk of having your hair hacked by a student. next time i come i'm getting spa services or only hair services, not mixed like i did this visit. i found out that the spa services is a separate program/school so i'm hoping those students would do a better job than this girl that is focusing on hair!! and i'm asking for someone that is almost done with the program cause apparently 6-7 months of school isn't adequate.
4	I have had color done twice here and both times was very happy with the results. The gentleman that did my hair the last time wasn't sure exactly how to mix the color that I wanted at first but asked the instructor that was able to help him.  Im glad he asked I have heard that some hair stylist haven't asked and have messed up on a color job.  On on to my nail.  HORRIBLE.  Another yelper mentioned that she could have done a better job at home and Im gonna to say my 4 year old could have done a better job.  She kept messing up and having to remove the polish to try again and at the end it still looked like a hot mess.   Again though these are students learning so they do have to start somewhere.  My message was AMAZING! It was so relaxing that I fell alseep. Prices are lower because you are having a student "practice" on you and they don't allow you to tip them when they have done extremely well.Overall I will be returning.
5	I was worried about having a student do my color and style.  It turned out great and I'm very happy with the results and the price.  The only downside is the student constantly having to check with the instructor and it took 3 hours for a cut and style.
5	I had the Elemental Nature Facial as well as the Ultra Stress Relaxation Treatment (and thanks to Groupon got them both for $40!).  I had Rachael doing the treatments.  She was very nice and professional.  A licensed cosmetologist pops in on the facial to verify what's best for your skin type.  The facial was awesome as I feel like it's so dry out here in Vegas my skin feels so dehydrated.  You can choose the smells that will surround you.The massage - I was told they couldn't give any deep tissue massages, which is what I normally get (Tai massages, ahhhh).  But this massage still felt great and so relaxing.The ONLY "complaint" I would have is that the rooms are a little cold and I like a very warm room for this type of stuff.For the price (which you're not allowed to tip) I'd definitely go back, and I will.  I've gone to many name brand spas and this was just as good and actually the massage was much better than a couple that I've had at Burke-Williams spa.
5	My friend and I came her because we had a group on. We got massages and facials.  The services were great and the students were talented and professional.  At at the end they recommend products for purchase, but there's no hard sales tactics... just a simple recommendation.The massage areas are private....as each table is surrounded by a curtain. But you're in a room with several other tables. But the noise was so low you didn't even notice. Even without the group on, the prices are very reasonable. Next time I'm in Vegas I will come here again!
3	I bought the groupon and i didn't know they were students, I was scared for a little bit but I really liked this place. I went with my friend, she had massage and pedicure and she really liked. I had highlights and a hair cut. My student was 15 days for her graduation and she was really nice. I like the color of my hair very much but I ended up still having gray hair, I should have told her that was a big concern for me and I would like to color and hide them, but it was fine. Overall they try to help the costumers, just make sure you are very clear about what you want.
5	Love my hair and love this place
5	I have gone here 5 times now alwats friendly staff . Nice atmosphere. Upbeat music. The location is a bit far from me but worth it for the price. Ive had my hair dyed and colored and cut everytime looks great.  They use really good products and sell them to. I have found great deals online and have used a few coupons. I usually get a neck massage or hand massage free of charge with essential oils.
5	I have been here three or more times and i really love it.  The prices are very nice and the product they use is great! Im reviewing the school because of the experience I just had in the salon. I tried to dye my already blonde hair with a box of blonde nice&easy! It turned very bronzed when I wanted it more white. I had stylist TASHA. She was so nice!!!! She applied a toner on it and it looked 1000 times better. She was talented and passionate about the job. She blew dry and styled my hair and I walked out paying 75% less with an amazing hair do. I would recommend trying the salon out. Everyone is great especially Tasha makes the time spent at the salon fun and professional. THANKS LADIES!!!
3	First off, this is a teaching institute... so walking in you should know what you are getting- students! That being said, some are better or more experience then others and if you choose your services carefully, you can really really save and have a great spa day with wonderful Aveda products. Combine that with a regularly offered Groupon of $45 worth of services for $19 and you've hit pay dirt.Here's the service I've found that work: hair color single process, hair glossing, body scrub/massage, eyelash/eyebrow tinting, waxing and facial. My husband and son are perfectly happy getting their haircut here, but I would not even attempt it (I save on color and splurge on a cut elsewhere). I have to say the service level is great (students are reviewed and graded), you are offered a beverage (their tea is delicious), a mini-facial and hand massage with any hair service. Enjoyable experience.
4	I came here to use a groupon for a cut/partial highlights/and style and was very happy to discover the hidden gem that this place is.  All the staff with whom I interacted was friendly and accommodating (and sported trendy hair).  The Aveda Institute is a beauty school, which means all the stylists/massage therapists/beauticians are students.  All the students are supervised by several teachers who wander around the salon observing their pupils' work.  My student stylist, Jackie, was super perky and chatty and did a lovely job on my highlights.  She also gave me a wonderful scalp massage that felt incredible.  The only drawback to patronizing the Institute is that services may take longer than "normal," since the students are still learning and practicing their various techniques.  My cut/highlights/style took 4 hours -- not sure if this is longer than usual (first time getting highlights) or nothing to talk about!Prices are definitely way less expensive than mainstream salons; women's cuts begin at $15.  No tipping is allowed since the stylists are students and not professionals.  (If you were especially happy with your service(s), I hear that purchasing a beauty product is like tipping the specific student.)I'll come here again to check out their massage services!
4	I have been going here for about 3 years. Most of the visits were good ones. Along with that, 2 bad ones, a few awesome ones and a few so-so ones. That's not a bad risk. This is a school and each student is a different person. Some are more talented than others. Great prices for the services you will get.
5	I have ben getting my hair cut at an Aveda Institute since college since the idea of paying more than $20 dollars for a haircut is too much for me. This is not the kind of place you go to and tell the stylist to do whatever they think is best for your hair. You have to give the student a very clear idea of what type of cut you are looking for. Nonetheless, since I have thick, curly and frizzy hair rarely does a professional stylist do anything wonderful with my hair and I end up paying nearly $100 dollars so this is a no-brainer for me. I like that they use Aveda products on you, they smell sooo yummy! They give you a mini scalp and hand massage that pretty much puts you to sleep. It's awesome! Occasionally I will get the Elemental Nature facial, which costs $40 dollars for 60 minutes. These are probably the best $40 dollars you will spend. The esthetician will ask you what type of experience you are looking for that day, be it stress relief, sun damage, etc. While the primary purpose of the facial is to get healthier skin, I kind of go just to be pampered. The facial includes a mini foot massage as well as a hand and shoulder massage. Plus they use like 50 products on you!At the end of the day I leave the salon refreshed and with a ton of their products in hand!
1	I don't recommend this place at all. Not only was I skipped by another customer. But the manager only had to say that I had no choice to wait, since many stylists had called in. Don't punish the consumer because you don't know the basics on running a business. Or at least, acknowledge the mistake by offering a discount or free products. Is it that difficult to at least be politely or courteous to another person?
5	I'm a low-maintenance type of girl (I typically get haircuts on a regular basis but I color my own hair), so when I go to a day spa, it's a really special thing for me. The last time I had a series of treatments done, it was the weekend before I got married, this was in 2006. I used to get regular massages from a masseuse, but that was years ago. I usually do the home spa thing, but of course there are all sorts of distractions- pets, things at home need to get done, etc. Being seven months along, (around august/september 2012) I wanted to get some pampering. And this was the right place to do so!Spa treatment customers check in 15 minutes before the appointment time. You are then taken to the relaxing check-in room where you fill out a form, sit down, and get offered a refreshment. Then you are directed to the locker room (only one person at a time) where you undress , place your personal belongings into the locker- keep the key around your wrist, and get into the very comfortable cotton robe. You are introduced to the student who will perform your treatment. If you need to go to the restroom, before the treatment begins, you can do so. The spa treatment room is composed of sheet-separated areas in a large room, so if there is noise from the other room (nails, hair), this might bother some of you. For others, I heard snoring from my neighbor, it might not. I chose the caribbean therapy body treatment for $50.00- body polish & light massage- being pregnant, there were modifications to my treatment; she was very careful with me and always offered me pillows and supports. It all started with a warm foot bath, which was very relaxing. The Aveda products she used smelled heavenly! I was very relaxed, and at the end of the treatment, had a nice glow. I loved every second of the experience. Throughout the experience, the student used aromatherapy- I also got to choose a preference for one of them. I used the restroom again (it's the pregnant lady's reality). I was lead back to the locker room. The instructor met with me to check on the student's performance- I gave her high marks. After the exit interview, the student showed me the products on the floor- they try to sell them to you, but I politely declined. I paid for my service. No tips here, because these are students. Clean place, felt like a real spa with the exception of the common room (I didn't mind the few moments of noise), excellent service at lower prices, excellent products used, very happy with the spa treatment I received. There were lots of customers here, this is a popular place! I would come back here again, maybe try other treatments though I really enjoyed the caribbean therapy body treatment. They do spa parties here too @ $15/$25/$35 a person. For services- hair- cut and color, nails, makeup application, specific prices and hours, check the website.
3	You get what you pay for, and in this case, I don't mind paying... For a pedicure or manicure that is going to chip or be taken off eventually, paying the reduced price here is worth it.  For a school, they do a good job of trying to get the "spa/salon feel", but you still know that you are in a school due to the insane amount of noise.  For the huge discount though, it's worth it.
5	This place is great.  It is a beauty school so you can't choose your stylist or tip, but the students are usually pretty skilled and if there is a problem the instructor acts like a manager.  I have always been happy, and usually like to stop in to get partial foil highlights in between full highlights.  I love their tea and the mini hand massage and facial that comes with the hair services.  Usually runs at half the price of a regular salon, if not more.
5	Awesome find!!!!  Great haircut w/ mini facial and light massage on neck and hands!!!  will always come here for some pampering !!!
5	I had a Groupon for a cut & partial highlights.  The student & instructors did a great job.  I have hard to cut hair and not only did the color come out exactly how I wanted it but the cut was one of the best I've ever had in Vegas.  I'll be back as a regular (non-Groupon) customer for sure!
1	Terrible. Took five hours for a single process hair color that came out blotchy. I now have black hair in some places, red hair in other places and some hair that's red towards the root and black at the tip. Lucky lucky me. I went in wanting a dark warm brown. I've already called to complain and I'll update if they call me back.
5	I've been coming here since 2007. I have never, not once, had an unhappy experience and that's the truth peeps. I went into today for color and highlights. Making an appt. is easy and fast online through FB. The student made absolutely certain of what I wanted, went over it with the instructor, and told me what she was doing step by step. My color/highlights are just gorgeous. I refresh my color here every 6 months, with a different student every time, and always leave with a smile on my face. Their prices went down! I used to pay $37 for a partial highlight, now it's $30. Woot. Even better. For my long hair, would've easily cost $150+ in a regular salon. Side note: Went to a high-end salon on the Strip to treat myself a few months ago. While my stylist had panache and quick expertise, my haircut was nothing to brag about. Pretty average considering I was expected to be wowed. Not worth the $120 tag. Eeep. Sorrrrry.I LOVE THIS SCHOOL. Wouldn't go anywhere else. I always feel guilty I'm not allowed to tip.I've also had a pedicure, facial, blowout....just about everything on the menu at one point. Take a chance and you might be a happy client like moi.
4	I have been here about 4 times now and  each one had a different experience depending on the student. I'm always a walk in but it doesn't take long to get called. If you have a free afternoon and want to get pampered, then I really believe it is worth giving this place a try.  The session will start with asking what treatment you are looking for. An educator will consult with the student.  She gives the "go ahead" and you'll get a scalp and shoulder massage to relax, followed by a shampoo, conditioner, gel cleanser, warm face towel facial treatment, and a moisturizing hand massage. How nice! The longest part will of course be the cut itself. They practice technique and may ask the instructor for help every now and then. If your student is attentive, he or she will ask for your opinion often (which I don't mind at all) . Blowout and styling products for a finishing look are added. Then the instructor comes back and checks on your hair. Optional makeup touch up is offered and survey of performance is given. All products are Aveda and for all these services included for  only$15! Tip is not taken because its an educational facility but purchasing products helps recognize students. My last haircut was complicated but ended up beautifully layered with mod, blunt bangs. I'm a student nurse, so helping other students learn makes me happy even it does take some patience. Besides time, I haven't found a reason to not appreciate service here.
5	I go all the time. Get an advanced student and save time!
4	I decided to finally write a review after about 5 visits.  Like the previous review, each visit had a little different experience.  First few visits the front desk was a little disorganized, but the last few visits it was fine.  I remind myself each time because this is a teaching school.  They are learning.  I will say each visit I've walked away pleased with my experience.  I've had two haircuts (different people), highlights twice, facial, and two massages.  The students doing the facials/massages were both very good.  It's not quite as quiet as a regular spa because of the curtains.  I've been meaning to tell the instructors to wear flats.  The constant heel clicking back and forth doesn't help keep the mood calm, but everything else was done professionally.The haircuts do take awhile so plan accordingly.  A normal cut/color would take 2 hours or so, but this may take 3-4 hours so be prepared for that.  They do stop and ask the instructors if they get stuck on a spot, which is fine by me.  I've been pleased with both cuts and highlights as well.  Each time we tweak a bit, but they listen and we discuss in detail before anything is done.  I walked away with a cut, highlights and facial for $95.  This would have cost me easily over $200 at a regular salon.  This is why I keep coming back.  The students are great!!
4	I have been here 3x in the last yr for a hair cut & todays experience was by far the best. The reception was friendly & my student stylist was really helpful in helping me describe the cut i wanted. The price $17 cant be beat. You get an aromatherapy mini massage, mini facial, hand & scalp masssage, shampoo, conditioner, cut and blow dry. You are getting a cut by a student so expect to spend 2-3 hrs there but its really worth it. The instructors check through out the cut & are really helpful for the student & making sure the guest has an enjoyable time. It was truly a great time getting my hair done, relaxing, and I cant wait till my next cut.
4	I went in to check out the school yesterday; Gayle was very descriptive and helpful. After my meeting with her, I cannot wait to be part of e skin care program. She even gave me a little lotion to take home with me :).  Anyhow, My hair needed a little shape up so I figured I'd get a haircut. Before yesterday, I'd never had a student cut my hair. Truth be told I was a little nervous! However,  $17 for a haircut by a student who is supervised by their instructor sounded like a great deal to me, but it included even more than that! First off, the salon inside is very pretty, and because they use high quality natually sourced products the aroma is nothing short of heavenly. My student stylist was Dean, who seemed to be a really cool guy. He was an adorable kid with a friendly, down to earth personality.  I feel these assets in addition to the skills he's learning, will definitely  suit him in the beauty industry.  He took me on the sensory journey ( where you choose a natural fragrance to provide the aromatherapy during your service. I went with the tangerine. This was followed by a shoulder and scalp massage which was out of this world. I have been massaged at every resort I've visited and this massage, although a simple chair, massage was definitely comparable. I was very happy with my haircut. The instructors did help him do the cut, but that was fine with me as he is learning. It did take long, but that makes sense given that my haircut was a learning exercise for my student stylist. I have to say that people were friendly and seemed pleasant at Aveda. Not that forced and fake type of pleasant though, and I was glad because I can't stand that, lol!  The institute simply had good energy! My only disappointment was when I got up from the chair two of the students sitting behind me started laughing , soon thereafter the instructor followed me out and grabbed the towel the was stuck to my back.  I guess that's funny...I don't know? Overall, I'd return for a service because I know Aveda is the best school in Vegas, and I actually really enjoy being part of someone's  learning process even if I'm doing so passively by being a client. I really hope I can attend this school one day soon. If you're debating whether or not to get a service at the school, I'd say try it out. The instructor are there to guide, you help yourself by saving money, get a great service, and help a student get practice.
4	Just left aveda, I got a haircut with Serina and her istructor crisal(crystal) I'm not to sure what her name was anyways both very sweet and helped a lot. Asked for whatever they recommended so I could get rid of my split ends and that's exactly what they did with a hairstyle I liked.
5	What a wonderful experience I had! The Aveda Institute is just as professional as any non-school. I was warmly greeted by Michael who I liked instantly. He asked pertinent questions and did some trial things with my hair to make sure I was satisfied. I enjoyed talking to him as well during my Updo. I would definitely go back and ask for him. I am sad he will be graduating soon!! My stress quickly disappeared with the wonderful aromatherapy massage you receive for your neck and shoulders. :)
5	Wow.  I was very impressed with this place.  I was treated better than some salons I have gone to.  Everyone was very attentive and polite.  Always making sure I was okay and didn't need anything - like a drink.  I decided to go to this school because they don't use ammonia in their hair coloring and it's more natural (less chemicals) that the other schools.  Went in for a full head of foil highlights and it took about 3 1/2 hours.  The one girl that was assigned to me had the girl next to her help since she didn't have a client.  I had 2 people working on me at the same time which I knew saved a lot of time.  At some point the Instructor came over and was helping too - so I had 3 people working on me at once.  I felt like a celebrity!  They all were so sweet and my hair turned out pretty good.  It wasn't perfect, but the color was finally right on of what I wanted.  I asked my previous hairdresser to do it this way and she kept doing it her way.  When I told them what I wanted, they did exactly what I was looking for.  Full head of foils for $45 - amazing.  And they don't accept tips (which was a bummer because I really wanted to tip her).  I would highly recommend trying this place out.  Block off a good chunk of time though.  I think I got really lucky that I had 3 people working on me.  Awesome school.
3	I'm sure it all depends on who you get in the raffle. This time was not a great haircut. As a matter of fact, it is really lopsided, and not in a trendy intentional way. The teacher hardly checked in on the work. Haircut included some barely-there rubbing that was called a massage and facial. Cheap, yes.  I will probably roll the dice again.
3	Made a reservation a few weeks in advanced for the 30-minute facial + the spa pedicure. Was super excited given all the great reviews on Yelp plus we made it a date with 4 or us girls total. Walked in, easy check-in, nice waiting area. They had coffee, tea, and water. They took us back one by one to get changed into our robes and put our items in a locker. Sophia was the student who did my facial . She was AMAZING! I was relaxed, she didn't talk too much or too little, she gave me advice at the end, and asked me to come back to see her next time, which I will! It's a school obviously, but that part of the facility was really nice. It was dark and had really relaxing music playing. It actually felt like a spa, so I was happy! Facial: 5 stars. Sophia: 5 stars. Massage/facial area: 5 stars.After how well the facial went I was super excited for the spa pedicures we booked. Plus, I was happy to be able to meet back up with the girls and talk. So we get to the mani/pedi area and I'm not impressed with the look of it. Office chairs as spa chairs and bowls of water to soak our feet in. I quickly remember this is a SCHOOL and forget about it (: I remember the girls name who did my pedi, but I'm not one to put people on blast like that so I'll just say I was less than impressed. Here's exactly how the pedicure went : soak foot in bowl, dry foot and lightly apply foot scrub, soak foot in bowl, dry foot, put on sandals, and "paint" nails. Okay I'm not sure how that constitutes as a spa pedicure, but it did take over an hour to do it. There was no nail trimming, no cuticle removing, no foot massage, nothing. On top of that it was super uncomfortable. Sitting in the office chairs and there were no foot rests, so the whole time your foot is on the students knees. Very weird and NOT comfortable. Anyways, the girl couldn't paint nails to save  a life. I got not only my toe nails painted but basically my entire toe too! I advised her of this and she cleaned it up a tad with polish remover and a cotton swab, but I still walked out looking like my 3 year old niece painted my nails. I, again, reminded myself that this was a school and they're learning, but honestly I don't know how the service can be THAT bad. $27 for this pedicure. Other normal nail salons around the valley charge $20 for a MUCH better service (like 10 times better). Honestly, I fully understand these are students so I didn't expect to be blown away, but I also didn't expect to be embarrassed to show my feet walking out of there. They should actually pay their clients to sit their and be practiced on rather than the client paying with the the kind of service that we all got . And no, it wasn't just my nails that looked like this all of ours did. What a shame!Aveda gets 3 stars from me because of course Sophia and her facial was fantastic! Didn't get hair done, but they looked like they knew what they were doing. Mani/pedi? Forget about it. Don't do it. Go buy your baby daughter/cousin/niece a $27 toy and have her paint your toes. It'll be the same result for yourself, but at least your money is actually going somewhere (: Heck, go visit your blinding grandmother and bond over her doing your nails. Just don't go here. I'm warning you people I AM WARNING YOU!!I'll be back for that facial/massage though :)
1	I have been to Aveda several times before and have always been pleased. There are a lot of great stylists there, however, this past experience was traumatizing to say the least. I went in and asked for an ombre. After 7 hours at the salon and 1 attempt to fix it later, I left with some of the worst hair I have seen. I asked for light brown and I got platinum blonde streaks that were uneven and not blended in with my natural color. The worst part of day 1 was that the instructor signed off on my hair twice. She never once noticed the blatant chunks of color or the fact that my hair looked NOTHING like the picture that I brought in. When I called the next morning to ask to schedule an appointment to try to fix my hair again the woman on the phone told me that they couldn't get me in until 1:00, or 4 days later.... So I went in in person, assuming that once they saw how bad it was that they would get me in right away. That did not happen. I asked to speak to a supervisor and was directed to an instructor. She actually had the audacity to tell me that worst case scenario, I could just wear my hair in a bun for 4 days. Once I was finally placed with a stylist who could fix my hair he did a pretty decent job of salvaging. However, 11 hours and $45 dollars later my hair looks worse and wayyy more damaged than it did before. I can only take some of the blame for this horrifying experience. I am way too nice and have never been good at complaining. But every time I asserted myself to say something, no one took me seriously. Even the final result had flaws. My color was uneven since they had to go over the blonde. It left parts of my hair looking patchy. This was something that went unnoticed by both the stylist and the instructor. Eventually I was so exhausted that I just lied and said that I liked it so that I could just leave. In all of this time, no offer to reimburse me or compensate me in any way was made. I would like to conclude by saying that Aveda has the worst costumer service that I have ever encountered. I am now officially terrified by the thought of ever dying my hair again. And thank you to my last stylist who fixed my hair. Although it isn't anywhere near what I wanted, you didn't have much to work with and you fixed it enough so that I can at least go in public again!
1	I wish I could give them zero stars. I made an appointment for an all over color and an ombre. My appointment started at 10:00 and I didn't leave until almost 2:30, so that should say something. The girl I had was nice but I don't think she felt very confident. She was super, super, slow. The instructor had to jump in at one point and help do the other side of my head. I had wanted a normal ombre. Brown at the top, and blonde at the bottom. The end result was brassy, red, orange, blonde, terrible looking high-lights. Everyone was gushing saying that it looked good and what not so I just said ok, paid my $81.00 and left. (I was starving. I hadn't expected to be there that long.) After that I went and had lunch with a friend and the more I looked at it, the trashier, and more awful my hair looked. I went back to the salon at about 3:30 asking if someone could fix it. She said all the students had to leave by 5:00 so no one could do it but I could come back the next day. When I asked if I would have to pay for it to be fixed, (I gave up and said I just wanted brown all over) she said it would be $40.00. $40.00 for ME to pay for THEIR mistake?? No. So I left. And I will never be back. I'm usually a big advocate for schools. I have friends in school do my hair all the time. But I will never ever go back there.
5	I have been here twice for haircuts. Both times left me feeling confident and refreshed!  Mandi is amazing and so is Kim (an instructor). Can't beat the price or the customer service!
4	I was not expecting much when I looked for a facial option online on yelp, but figured I'd give Aveda a shot because it was close by and had a good amount of reviews. I called for an appointment for a facial and was able to get booked and in within the hour. I was definitely impressed when I first walked into the lobby because the environment was open and was filled with students greeting you upon walking in. It was clean and bright. They led me to the spa area right away. Again, more students who offered refreshments and smiles. I was taken to a waiting area where I filled out information and was later introduced to Verdy who proceeded with my facial. She exceeded my expectations. She was welcoming and very knowledgeable. She explained what she was doing during the facial without being overbearing or disruptive during my session. Multiple massages were made and scents were offered to make my stay worthwhile. I did not feel rushed at all but was absolutely relaxed. The facial was what was needed and felt they took extreme care in the entire process of it. Verdy helped me even further by answering make-up questions I've had. I would say besides the professionalism and cleanliness of the facility, Verdy made my first time visit at Aveda memorable and will be returning back.
1	DO NOT GO HERE.  The customer service here is terrible. I have been to other Aveda locations and never had as many issues as I have here and I feel like I gave them plenty of chances.I got a Groupon for Aveda's Ultimate Stress Relaxation Package.  This included 3 sets of a massage, a blow out, and a manicure.  On 4/12/14 I went to get my first set of this USR package.  I got my massage and it was amazing! (The Spa side of this facility is great.  It's the hair and nail side that I have numerous problems with).  I went to get my "blow out" and "manicure" and they were just awful.  I have a lot of hair but at every salon I have ever been to takes 30 minutes to cut my hair and at most 45 minutes to style/blow dry my hair.  It took a girl and her friend (yes two people) an hour and 15 minutes to style my hair.  I asked for big curls (I have very curly hair) and i walked out with my hair straight, and my scalp practically bleeding.  I do not have a sensitive but she just kept pulling and pulling and creating more knots that I almost started to cry.  The same girl who started my hair also did my nails.  She showed me a list of polishes and I picked out two that I liked, she couldn't find either of them so she just picked out ones that she liked and said that we would use those.  She then proceeded to spill water all over me multiple times and take another hour and 15 minutes to give me a "manicure" there was no cuticle removal, no nail cutting, very minimal filing and I could have painted them better myself.  I spoke with her teacher and she was understanding on my frustration and said if it was a really big deal they could fix it, however I had already been there for 5 hours and was starving.On 6/21/14 I attempted to give them another chance.  I scheduled my second of three USR packages and began my appointment at 1:15 (my appointment time was 1:30, I was early) I had a pretty decent massage and eyebrow wax. I spoke with her teacher, she was very nice and said she would pass my suggestions along.  I was happy; it was 3:00.  I was taken over to the hair side and it all went down hill from here.  I witnessed two teachers arguing over me because the spa side had ran over and they only had 2 hours left to complete a blow dry and a manicure.  I am not sure why it should take 2 hours to complete both but apparently it was an issue.  They then couldn't find a person to be my stylist because someone had taken a late lunch and didn't tell anyone.  And yes they were loud enough to hear over all of the hair dryers and loud music in this place.  They then assigned me with Carlos (I did not learn his name till later).  He did not introduce himself or ask me if I wanted water. But had an awkward conversation about what services he thought he could do.So we walked back to their nail "area."  The process they do is odd but I understand that it is a school so Carlos takes about 15 minutes to set up and find the nail polish that I had picked out and begins my "manicure."  I wanted so bad to have been wrong about Aveda and their nail techniques but I was sadly correct.  He gave me the worst manicure I have ever received, left my nails rough and had more polish on my skin than on my nails.  This is also the conversation that took place during said manicure:Carlos:  Now it sounds like we are at the beach (ocean sounds playing over the loud speaker) it's like I am giving you a manicure outside in the sandMeg: That would be amazing, I could get tan and get my nails done at the same timeCarlos: Or you could get cancer.One of the oddest conversations I have ever had with a stranger. By the time he had finished it was 4:20, I knew that if I had explained to him that the nails were bad I would not get the blow out that was part of my package so I let it go hoping to discuss it with his teacher just to have him get a little more education.   He took me over to get my hair washed after complaining multiple times how long my hair was and began washing.  He dropped the bottles on the sink causing the whole thing to vibrate and shake my head.  He then started to do my hair with help from another student Ashleigh (she was extremely nice and asked me a ton of questions like they are supposed to).  Carlos never explained what he put in my hair or why.  I asked for my hair to be strait (because of last time) and walked out with frizzy half dried hair because they were rushing to finish because they wanted to leave at exactly 5:00.I went to speak with a teacher on the way out about my nails.  I said that my manicure was pretty bad and had more nail polish on my skin than my nails and without even looking up the teachers only response was "well I guess he needs more practice" and then shooed me out the door.  No apology, no what can I do, nothing. DO NOT GO HERE.  Its not worth the money you "save" because you just have to do it all on your own.
4	Love this place for a huge price savings!! Misty was awesome, she listened and did her best and I honestly got better service and treatment there than Kelly Cardenas Salon who charges an arm and a leg for exactly what these students can achieve. I had a Highlight and a Blowdry with style service and it was GREAT!! Highly recommend to anyone who wants to save a HUGE amount of money. The BEST $40 I have ever spent on my hair!! I will never go to another salon again. Aveda Institute is my go to salon from now on :) :)
1	I booked a blow dry and the botanical treatment and left looking worse than when I came in-mind you I came in with 1 day old hair. The gal was sweet but seriously should not work on actual customers and need major practice. I literally had 5 different types of product in my hair and it was weighed down and greasy. I told her that my hair was fine and she shouldn't put a shine product on my roots. All she said was " oh sorry". At this point, I didn't bother to ask her to redo my simple wash and dry, so I decided to just let it be. Went home, wash and dried my hair and it looked 10 times better. Don't trust this place for anything major as you can see a simple service turned out terrible.
4	Phenomenal value! My services started within minutes of my appointment time. My student stylist Quincy was very attentive and accommodating. I truly enjoyed the pampering touches of the mini facial and massages. The best part; my hair looked amazing.One draw back - the layout of the student stations is a bit tight, especially against the back wall. My student stylist would have to stop and move so that other students could walk by.
4	I have had my hair done here twice and was happy both times. They do a really great job! The only complaint I have is with the online scheduling. If you want more than one thing done, make sure you make the appointment over the phone. I wanted my hair stripped and then colored on a Saturday, but could only choose one option online. Because of that, they didn't block out enough time to do everything that I wanted. Luckily it didn't have to be colored after being stripped, and came out amazing.
5	Fantastic Service....Warm Friendly Environment....Love This Place!!!
5	Best place to get your hair colored, can't beat the price or the atmosphere ! With cut n color you get  a facial & a mini massage .... The color is earth friendly products so is their make up etc. The smell is amazing you feel like your in a new York salon :)!! Been going here sense 2008 & still go ...
4	The ONLY reason I'm giving 4 stars rather than 5 is bc it did take quite some time for my partial highlights and hair cut to be complete but I was waited on right away, I received a mini facial and relaxing mini massage. The student was very good about making sure she understood exactly what I wanted and she did an awesome job!!!!!!!! I honestly couldn't have gotten better color or a better cut anywhere! I am super picky and have very straight fine hair so any mistake is very noticeable! My hair looks great and the service was beyond reasonably priced! This is def my new go to! Just make sure you don't mind spending a good portion of your day/morning there if you're also getting color!
4	This place is fantastic for relaxing and looking fabulous!! Plus you get to help students master their trade and get their hours in. The prices cannot be beat!!
5	I am new to the area and was looking for a good place to get my hair cut for a reasonable price. Aveda Institute exceeded all my expectations and I can't say enough good things about this place. My stylist was very personable and answered any and all questions I had about hair care. The quality of my cut was great, and I am now hooked on their men's shampoo and grooming clay as well - all natural with great benefits. I will definitely continue to go here, and would absolutely recommend it. Haircuts do take slightly longer than normal, but leaving completely satisfied is worth it.
5	I received a fabulous haircut which turned out exactly how I wanted it!!! Christy did a spectacular job, was precise & meticulous with the haircut and style. The instructor Rubi, who supervised the cut, also did a great job!! My hair looked healthier, shinier and was full of movement & body after my hair was styled!! I left feeling like I had just finished doing a photo shoot for a glamorous shampoo ad!! (See pictures)
5	I will only get my haircut here from now on. Great customer service. It may take some extra time because they are students. I like supporting the education process.
5	Had a great experience today at Aveda Institute! Nikki (student) gave me my facial today and she did wonderful. The facility is relaxing and the staff is very friendly. Nikki explained everything she was doing while still maintaining a relaxing environment. She was knowledgeable and I cannot wait to go back to see her again! Perfect visit. Will be returning and recommending. Oh yeah, they do not accept tips which I think is great. Not that I wouldn't have tipped but it shows that they aren't so much about money and more about the learning experience and practice for their students. Great company, great products, great students!
5	This place is clean and ran by great people and staff. The quality you get is good too. Everyone here is thought the Aveda way and follow it's guideline and standards. Just remember it is a school. Everyone here is still learning the trade so if you go expecting high salon care then you're looking in the wrong place. However, you can still find great service and care here.
5	Great facial today.  They really work hard to reach the students professionalism but please remember they are learning! I had a 90 min facial and the girl really knew what she was doing.  My skin is glowing!
4	I've never felt so pampered for so little money! As soon as my student came over, she offered me tea/coffee/water before she got started. Once I sat down, she asked me what I wanted done and then ran everything by her instructor. First she began with a shoulder/neck massage with eucalyptus oil which was very relaxing. Then she washed my hair and put in a dry remedy moisturizing masque conditioner. While she let the conditioner sit, she gave me a mini facial and and a hand massage. As for the haircut, she did a great job and did exactly what I wanted. The instructor came over at the end to check her work, and she was very thorough. I've been going to Aveda Institutes for many years now both in Milwaukee and Chicago, but the students here definitely seem to go above and beyond what I've experienced at other locations. The prices here are pretty similar, with a haircut costing $17. But, if you check in on yelp you get 20% off! And there's no tipping allowed, so it's a pretty cheap haircut. I'm a big fan of Aveda products, so it's always a plus when I can get get the Aveda spa pampering without the high price! This is a perfect place for a student like me on a budget!
1	Would NOT recommend to my worst enemy. I scheduled an appointment to get  a ombre and was reassured they were scheduling me with someone who was good at it. When I actually went in to get my ombre done it turned out to be a different story. The girl spent 3 and 1/2 hours putting foils in my hair. Once we got to washing, she was extremely rough and it felt as if my hair was being ripped out. By the time we got around to blow drying my hair I was at 4 and 1/2 hours of being there. My hair turned out a red/orange color; not even close to the ombre I was asking for. So they decided to reschedule me. When I was explaining myself to the other student I made sure to emphasize that my hair is very fine and damages extremely easy with bleach. She reassured me everything was going to be fine and put the foils in my hair. She left foils on my hair (under a dryer) for fifty minutes. Once again I emphasized my concern on frying my hair. As she was washing my hair, she reassured me once more that my hair was fine and had no damage in it. She said that there was no breakage and my hair was healthy. But strangely she said she would not blow dry my hair just because it is better for hair not to heat damage it. I thought nothing of it and went home. Then i felt my hair. It felt exactly like stringy bubble gum! The ombre was completely uneven and all bleach blonde and fried. I got a chemical cut on parts of my hair due to the damage of the bleach. I called and asked for help on what to do and was placed on hold, then hung up on-never speaking to anyone. I preceded to call everyday for 4 days until I finally got to speak to a teacher, she told my to send her an email with a picture of my hair and she would respond back immediately on how she could help me. Of course, I never got a response back. This has been the WORST hair experience I have ever had. Half of my hair is chemically cut, fried and disgusting looking thanks to them. Please do not risk ruining your hair and go to this place.
4	Came here couple wks ago with my girl. We both had services done and we were both pleased.
5	Keeping in mind that this is a school, I was always really happy with my appointments. I was happy with the customer service and skill set of the students. The students asked questions of me, and that's a GOOD SIGN. My advice is to discuss at length with the student and Educator what you do and don't want so that you're all on the same page. Don't hesitate to write down your thoughts, bring in photos and a ruler!
1	SOOO Bad.I really don't enjoy leaving a negative review but the woman who cut/colored my hair was so terrible and unprofessional it's horrifying.My hair was down to my breast in the front, Ladies you know how long that takes! It was also half way down my back in the back. I asked her to give me a light trim, about a 1/2 inch and she chopped it to my shoulders. It's uneven like a shark bite, very jagged. It will take me nearly 3 years to regrow what this woman did to my hair.The WORST part about her was the entire time she was cutting she hardly even looked at my head. She was all over the room talking to everybody, about the music, dancing, she even went so far as to ask my husband about work after she graduates! My husband thought maybe she was high?She never once stopped to listen when I voiced concerns, she spent more time hugging and whispering to her classmates 5 chairs away. I found out after that she was about to graduate. I called the school and they were so very sweet I promised Not to write her name here to warn people about her crazy and railroading demeanor.I love Aveda and this was my only experience at the school and I am sad to say I will never return.
5	Nice.Came in, got a cut, left happy.Of course, there were bumps along the way; but, for the price I was paying, I couldn't care less. Yes, their professionalism needs a little work. It can be awkward. I spent my entire washing with an armpit in my face, but hey, I got a cut I would usually pay $70 for, for only $14 w/ my UNLV discount.Most negative reviews seem to be related to ombres and other complicated cuts that I've had friends pay $200+ for a professional to screw up lmao... you get what you pay for?? I have a side cut, but it was handled very well. My side cut length is actually the best I've had. Impressed. Already scheduled my next appointment!
1	No stars would be better. My wife and I went in together for haircuts and her an additional color treatment. She was steamrolled over by her 'student' who proclaimed that she loves cutting long hair 'snip snip'. My wife cautiously explained she only wants a little taken off. And the student proceeded to absolutely trash her hair. She talked like she was high on speed and cut hair the same way. My wife was devastated at the results. She called afterwards to complain and promised the head instructor that she wouldn't say the students name on a review... But I have made no such promise. I don't care is it ruins her 'promising' career. She was careless with my wife so I will be careless in this review. Her name was Theresa. Btw: my haircut was not good, but at least the student and the instructor were pleasant.
