5	Good food, clean, nice owner and staff, great prices.  Very good all around, especially on  a budget.This is a New York-style eatery.  Although it is subnamed "New York Pizza Co.," their other food is really good, especially their Gyros.  Their spaghetti and meatballs are homestyle and their calzones are good too.  Also try their delicious garlic rolls and dessert rolls!If Pauly is there, it is an extra bonus...he cracks me up!
5	I challenge you to find a better slice in town.  Seriously, this is better than the pizza we've had in NY.  The cheese, crust and sauce become one.  The crust is to die for.  When ordering take out, the car is filled with such an amazingly appetizing aroma that I can barely wait to tear open the box as soon as I walk through the door.  Eating in the restaurant is equally pleasurable.  The restaurant is super clean, the staff is very friendly and attentive and the owner is the real deal.  If you love low-key places with awesome food and great service, you should definitely try out Yo Pauly's.  We live 20 miles away...but it is always worth the drive when I'm craving pizza.  The wings are good too!
5	Yo Pauly's is the best! I felt like part of the family after being there once. It's like taking a step into NYC. What you will find here is friendly service from a real New Yorker, either Pauly or JT, a mural of New York on the wall, a few tables and  a counter displaying pizza-by-the-slice, cannoli and garlic knots. When I asked JT if the meatball sub was any good, he replied "i never met a meatball that I didn't like." This is absolutely the case with their meatball sub. There is no way to describe the marriage that happens between the cheese, sauce and bread. It is truly delicious. The same phenomenon happens with the pizza. If you like NYC pizza joints  you'll love this place.
1	On a scale from 1 to 10, this place is a 2.  I eat a lot of pizza.......and I can honestly say it's downright awful.  It tastes like cardboard with canned sauce on it.  I don't own a pizza place & I have no reason not to be objective.  With all of the choices we have in PHX, I wouldn't recommend this place.You're probably wondering why others voted this 5 stars and now you're reading a 1 star.  The only thing I can think of is that some of the reviewers: 1) either don't eat good pizza or 2) they know the owners.  I can't understand, for the life of me, understand how people are voting this 5 stars.
3	Lot of pre-made slices lingering in the display area just waiting to be reheated.  I didn't get the feeling I would be eating a fresh slice unless I arrived right at the opening.A lot of places have the 2 slices w/drink, but most do not end up being $6.22 with tax.  Normally you can get this combo for $5 tax included.NY mural on the main wall, and certainly has the NY pizzeria feel to it.  Red & White checkered tablecloths, garlic knots, etc.  Hard to find the first time because the mini shopping area is tucked away off the road.
5	More people really need to know about this cute little restuarant.  They have the best Ziti I have  ever had and the portions are HUGE.  My boyfriend and I will order one serving and share it and still have a bit left over.  I recommend adding the chopped meatballs.......so good!
3	8/25Thin-crusted Whitestone Bridge pizza (garlic, ricotta, mozz, spinach, tomatoes, and olive oil) was good!  Could've been a little bit crispier, but I was happy.  Spotted their thick-sliced Sicilian pizza and mentioned to Paul that I was not a fan of thick-crusts, bec. I found them too soggy and too doughy, and he graciously offered me samples.  Thank you Paul, but I'm still not a fan of (approx. two-inch) thick pizza.Bensenhurst baked ziti was very delicious!  Penne, ricotta, house marinara, parm, and mozz.  This must-try dish came w/ garlic knots, a popular appetizer.  Perhaps these knots are better when they're fresh- I tried them re-heated (toaster oven), and they didn't do anything for me.  Will have to visit with a few friends in tow to try this dish and app fresh from the oven!Also tried a gyro sandwich.  Not bad, but for the price, I'd rather swing by Tempe's Haji-Baba's and spend a buck more (plus gas money) and get TWO wonderful gyro sandwiches.  Five tables present, but the space didn't feel inviting enough to stay and dine in.  This venue screams "take-out" loud and clear.
4	Yo Pauly's is the closest I've found in the Valley to "northeastern" style pizza (i.e. NYC/Boston-non-PizzeriaRegina style) that I've found.I have to admit that I'm not crazy about their entrees, and I've tried several of them, so I'd stick to the pizza.The owner is (mercifully) not a Yankees fan - he's a Mets fan, so that's good, and he's very friendly in that Noo Yawk way.As others have said here, it's really not a place to sit down and a quiet meal, it's definitely geared for takeout.Glad to have a decent pizza place just down the street from me!
4	My favorite pizza, super calzones. But the BEST are Pauly's Astoria Wings, yum-a-rooski with oregano and a hint of lemon. Delicious!
4	Good NY style pizza. Good garlic knots. You should eat here.
2	Pizza was so so. Charging 75 cents for drink refills after spending $25 is a bit ridiculous.  Surely there are better pizza places in Scottsdale, unfortunately, we missed them.  Save yourself on this one - keep looking for better.
5	Best NY style pizza in the Phoenix Metro.
4	We were exploring places, and owner offered up free slices to taste which were quite delicious.  Will definately go back to try a whole pie and some other items.  We did compare notes between his place and Oregeno's, which was quite good as well.
4	Here I am again in search of delicious, NY style italian food.  I've been to at least 10 restaurants in Phx and Scottsdale.  Today I tried Pauly's (u never know, right?)  Pauly's surprised me.  The hallmark of a good italian restaurant is it's eggplant parmagiana and their marinara sauce.  So I ordered, guess what?  yup. the eggplant parm.  I waited a while so clearly they were making it fresh.  It came with ziti with marinara sauce and garlic knots.  I was unbelievably surprised by the eggplant.  It was very, very good.  The marinara sauce was good, not great. (NY standards are hard to beat) They sprinkled oregano on top of the sauce without asking me.  Oregano is good, but it can overwhelm.  The knots were delish.  I paid 9.99 for this dinner which was big  enough to take half home!  Unbelievably good buy for good food.Hubby asked for a chicken cutlet sandwish with eggplant on it and marinara  sauce.  Most places upcharge the added eggplant by about 3 bucks.  Here, 50 cents.  Wow.  These are decent people doing a great job with a restaurant/ (more of a take-out)  that serves people good food at an incredibly good price.  I'd go back.  Give it a shot.
4	My new favorite pizza: The Godfather, seriously pizza is my all time favorite food and after my boyfriend started working near Yo Pauly's, it has become mandatory for him to bring it home once a week.nice ppl, clean place. Its more expensive than your local Pizza Hut or Dominos but WAY worth it.
5	Yo Pauly's makes incredible pizzas.Great, New York style pizza and a charming, family environment. They always greet you when you walk in the door and make you feel welcome. We often pick up pizza to take home and one night one of the staff (not the owner) told us to "come by and eat in one night".  Another night we showed up 5min before close and they kept the ovens on and made us our pizza. Great service for a $20 sale.If you like thin, New York style pizza this is a place not to be missed.
4	New York Pizza? Although I have eaten pizza all my life, I had no idea what New York style pizza was or how it was defined.  But I was watching Sunday night football,  was hungry for a pizza.  I decided to give Yo Pauly's a try, since it was not to far away.  During halftime, I drove over to look at the menu, and order a pizza.  The owner was there, and was quite helpful in my ordering. After I ordered, I was sitting reading the menu (which really extensive - calzones, salads, sandwiches, wings, dinners, desserts and Greek food).  The owner came over and offered his suggestions of menu items to try in the future.I did not know what to expect.  I took the pizza home, without looking at it, because I was in a hurry to watch the game. Wow!!  I loved it - thin crust, delicious toppings, and baked to perfection.  I normally eat half a pizza, and save some for the following day to see how it reheats.  However, I liked this one so much that I ate the whole thing before the game was over.Is it New York style pizza? I have no idea - but I do know I liked it, and will be back and try other things on the extensive menu.  Great food, great owner!!
5	Delicious, fresh food and fun NYC concept inside.  Service is GREAT, staff are super-friendly and remember everyone and work hard to make everything perfect.  The pizza is awesome and classic, but also try the Greek section of the menu, it is really Pauly's specialty and you can feel the authenticity of his home country in the food.  You can even hear it in the way he says "Gyros" =)Doesn't get any better than Yo Pauly's!
5	Stopped for a slice & loved it. Crispy & chewy crust, good sausage.  Based on the pizza, I will be back.
5	WOW! The proprietor is a friendly, NY kinda guy who offers both Italian and Greek fare on his menu.  His gyros rank near to the top on my list with juicy, tender, microscopically thinly sliced pieces of meat in a soft pita topped with tomatoes and lettuce and capped with a bit of deliciously tasty tzatziki sauce.  Mouthwatering and filling, I ain't kiddin'.We also ordered meatballs in marinara and this did not disappoint.  No way, no how.  These were by far the juiciest, flavorful meatballs and if I may add a very generous serving of three topped with savory marinara sauce.  The husband and I quickly devoured it and left not a drop of sauce in the platter!And the pizza.  Mama mia!  Thin crust, just the right amount of sauce, generous portions of breaded eggplant.  We were in heaven!  Pauly knows how to do it right!  Head on down to visit them you will be delighted at their menu offerings, the pizzeria ambiance (fabulous wall murals), and their magnificent, tasty food.
4	Great neighborhood family pizza place.  Good food and friendly service. We will definitely be back.
4	Great pizza and wings! Meatball sub was bland.
3	So I got the chance to go back and do a full pie, salad, and cheesecake.  Alas, while the service, and owner were wonderful [as before]  if I have to get pizza, I will stick with Grimalde or NYPD for now.  Still have to visit 3 other high end pizza places, in Phx.All food tasted good, and service was excellent, but can not do 4 stars, as its not GREAT.  Still very good, however.  Rocky on the DVD player was amusing!
2	Wow, I was disappointed. I rolled in for dinner at 7:00 pm looking for a couple slices and a soda. They only had some cheese left and the the slices were really small. I mean like half the size of anybody elses regular slice. The pizza tasted OK, nothing spectacular.
5	This place really hit the spot! I'm from Jersey so it's pretty hard to earn a 5 star from my on a NY style pizza place. But this place did it perfect. A lot of times I find that places in AZ tend to be way to greasy. Yo Pauly's had the perfect amount of grease. You can order by the slice and they are nice and big and nice and flat, perfect to fold in half. I also ordered a house salad that was very fresh with yummy house dressing. I can't wait to go back and try some hot wings! Lucky I work right in the area so I will be back often.
5	I have been eating at this location since '98 when it was called NYPD Pizza.  It is owned by the same person who is a very friendly guy.  The other employees are always courteous and the service is prompt.  The pizza here is a little on the greasy side but is awesome none the less.  Their Garlic and Cinnamon knots are great and I almost always grab a dozen of each when I order from here.
5	Best Pizza in the state, Hands Down! I used to eat her 2-3 times a week, for lunch. Sadly, my office relocated, so I haven't been down there, in far too long, but I'm going to change that soon, even though it is 20 + miles from my house & work now. It's well worth the drive! Amazing crust, the best, freshest sauce, cheese & toppings, & creative names & flavor combos for their specialty pies. My personaly favorites are the "Whitestone Bridge" (Garlic,  mozzarella & ricotta cheeses, olive oil & fresh basil, spinach & tomatoes) & the "Godfather" (Garlic, ham, pepperoni, salami, provolone & mozzarella cheese, pepperoncinis, olive oil & fresh basil. ).Plus, Paulie, the owner, is always there, & is a great guy. The closest thing to a real New York Pizzeria, west of the Mississippi!
4	Great Pizza!  NY style thin crust.  They get the doe right.  Clean and polite staff plus great food.
4	Best NY pizza in town.  The lunch specials are great, it's just unfortunate I work too far away to enjoy them as much as I would like.  The godfather pizza is great for those you like peppercinis and various meats. They also have great buffalo wings.  Every time I go in, Pauly is there and treats his customers with great respect.  Go once and you'll become a regular.
2	This used to be the original location of NYPD Pizza, but the owners sold it to Pauly and the food has gone downhill since.I'll stick with NYPD Pizza, thank you very much.
4	Have ate there quite a few times, love the Greek salad and always get the Melting Pot pizza!! Never have been disappointed and my boyfriend likes it too, he ordered the Chinatown Wings this time (he's from Buffalo) and raved about them. Our server Melissa was very friendly, great job!
4	Ordered a pizza from here the other night, seems like I have found a good place to compete against Grimaldi's...Pizza came quickly and was delicious... A little on the expensive side... The thing I like about it is that it seems very home-made and not part  of a repeatable equation like Grimaldi's... I will be ordering here again, no doubt about it.
5	Customer service does not exist like this anywhere these days! Pauly really goes above and beyond to make sure he's doing business well! The pizza was FANTASTIC - thin, crispy, gooey... perfect! And it was really quick! We didn't even have to wait very long!The place was really neat -- it was small and comfy with a fun "Italian-in-New-York" vibe! He even had Rocky playing on the TV in the corner! Some of the best pizza we've had in a long time, and hands down the best customer service we've had in YEARS!Thanks Pauly! We'll definitely be back!! :) And we will definitely be recommending this place to others!
5	Best NY Style Pizza on the planet! The owner, Pauly, is so very New York.. He is Mr. Personality! Charming, handsome and funny.. The food is amazing and the atmosphere is even better. Everything on the menu is so yummy just like home- Italian and Greek specialties are fresh and tasty. Please don't miss out on this experience. The very best!
4	I took my team (9 including me) here recently for a $7 14" cheese pizza special they were running for October. We ordered 3 pizzas (two with one topping), a couple orders of the garlic knots, a large Caesar salad ($8), and some sodas for the team. I felt like I had sticker shock when I got the $65 bill. I didn't realize how expensive the sodas were ($2.5) each and I think the toppings were $2.5 each. I also think the basic Caesar salad was overpriced. Clearly it all added up really fast! Other than that, the food was great. The garlic knots were insane. If I wasn't going to the fair after, I probably would have taken an order to go. Plus, the owner was very friendly and grateful for our business. He and the food would make me go back although I do think there were overpriced components to this place.
2	Mehhh. I love pizza and I love NY style pizza but this place just didn't do it for me. My slice was kind of floppy and on the cold side. I didn't think the sauce tasted particularly flavorful and would have liked a little bit of a crispier crust. The lunch specials didn't really seem all that special, $7-8 for an okay slice of pizza and a small salad isn't much of a deal. The garlic knots were pretty good, but seemed a tiny bit on the stale side. I much prefer Streets of New York Pizza for lunch when I'm around this area.
5	Order two slices of the Ziggy's Favorite (sausage, pepperoni and fresh basil) with a side of marinara...fuggedaboudit..you'll be in pizza heaven
4	My family loves the Pizza.  In fact my wife just left to go pick some up because they had a 1 1/2 hour wait for delivery on a Sat night.  No doubt because this crispy crust authentic New York style pizza is in high demand.  When we dine in the owner always takes time to talk with us.  They are kinda located in a horrible spot tucked back in the corner of a shopping center but once you find this place its worth it.  Prices are reasonable food is full of flavor and did I say I love the crust.  Highly recommended.
5	Just had the second half of a meatball parmagiana hero that  I had last night. at Yo Pauly's  I feel I have to acknowledge that It was absolutely delicious.  Since my last review, I feel the taste of the sauce has improved to the point where it  can compete with some of the best New York sauces--really!   I totally enjoyed the sandwich--meatballs perfectly seasoned-not too firm and not too soft, amazing sauce and wonderfully toasted hero bread.  I can't compliment them enough.  Will be back real soon.
5	I came back for my meatball parm sandwich and this time bought an eating companion.  He ordered a hero with chicken and eggplant cutlets, no cheese  (Who orders no cheese, right???)  They gave us extra marinara sauce too.  He couldn't believe how delicious his sandwich was!  He is now a convert!  AND.... I got to sign Pauly's wall tile.....  I'm the one in blue ink from the Bronx.  See u soon.
4	Hello to all of my fellow arizonians and visitors!As always I will mention that I am the pickest person I know and detest spending good money on bad food....and with that, here's my opinion of Yo Paulys.I have ordered 4 times now and I gotta be honest, the first time around I wasent too impressed but saw a great deal of potential.Lets start from the moment they answer the phone, If a very personable guy answers and calls you "dear" then I believe its Pauly? or the owner.Who doesnt like to be schmoozed a little! lolHe was very helpful and took time to answer all my questions.We had an all meat pizza, Not my choice (but the hubby likes the meat).The pizza was a bit soggy and just not fantastic, although he did throw in some yummy garlic knots.A couple of weeks later I tried again and ordered a pepperoni and mushroom pizza and was completed delighted!The crust was a little soft and doughy but not too much so....it was perfect for my taste.The pepperoni was very tasty and the mushrooms fresh ....but the Cheese.....the cheese was creamy very tasteful and generous.Overall I was very satisfied....but wait....not so fast!I tried again just to make sure It wasent a fluke.This time I ordered a White pizza (I know it has a real name) and since I am not a sauce lover I found this to be an AMAZING pizza!The ricotta added a delightful rich flavor that complimented the roma tomatoes and the pizza is my FAV so far.Tonight we tried again and stuck with an easy choice, half sausage and mushroom and half pepperoni and mushroom and again, it was a great pizza.So thats it in a nutshell....I think this is a "must try" pizza joint and would love to hear your thoughts.And as for you PAULY.....keep up the good work.....4 stars from me is a raved review!As for the rest of you out there, give it a try and I hope you in enjoy, and until then.....Bon Appetite'
2	Oh, Phoenix, when will you deliver me to my pizza nirvana?  Not today, it seems.After moving here from the tri-state area (CT, NY, NJ) in June, I've been relentlessly pursuing pizza hoping that something, ANYTHING, would hint at that sweet, sweet taste of home.In the tri-state, hole-in-the-wall pizza joints can be found more frequently than gas stations (as in, more than one on every corner), and knock the socks off of what you Phoenicians like to call "pizza."  I digress;  I tried Yo Pauly's because I saw garlic knots on the menu.  Surely, any pizzeria that has the staple food of Long Island on its menu must know how to make a good pie.  Wrong.  Yo Pauly's is merely a shell of a NJ pizza joint;  all (stereotypical) show, without substance.  The dough was bland;  sauce, tasteless; and cheese... well, it's cheese... but still wasnt all that great.You see, pizza joints in the tri-state are heralded as the go-to quick spot for cheap, quality meals (all pizza places should be judged as such).  Yo Pauly's isnt quality and it isnt cheap ($8+ for two slices and a soda).  I guess you could go here if you want quick... To "Pauly:"  Take a trip to Long Island (I know you have the $$$, based off your prices) and go into the first pizza joint you see.  Order a cheese slice, grandma slice, and some knots.  Come back home, ditch the stereotypes, and do your best to come close.
5	I am born and rasied in Manhattan- the real NYC and I am very picky about my Pizza. Yo Pauly's is the best NY Style Pizza in the State of Arizona! The Crust is good and you can pick it up and fold it as we all do in NY and the yummy oils come running down the pizza to create a yummy piece of Heaven! Don't miss out on this beautiful little"Little Italy and Greenwhich Village style Restaurant! All od their food is delish!  Try it you'll like it!!!!
4	As a New Yorker, I am pretty skeptical of any pizza places outside of my home state, thinking they can't taste as good. When I lived here, I used to frequent NYPD Pizza but last I visited them, they went waaaaay downhill.Decided to try Yo Pauly's after reading the reviews on Yelp and I was not disappointed. While I have had better pizza, it was still on par with many pizzza places back home. We had one plain pie and one pineapple pie and I thought both were good. Would definitely order a takeout pie from here again next time I am in town.
5	We came here in a group of 6 at 8:30 (which is right before closing) and they gave us great service! We ordered a Sicilian pizza and wings an it did not disappoint. Not only was it delicious, but we were all stuffed after the meal (and we're a bunch of big boys). To top it off, the owner, Pauly, gave us an order of garlic knots on the house! Truly great service and exceptional food! Definitely recommend this place.
3	This was my first visit to Yo Pauly's.  I ordered the chicken parm, Margarita Village and the Whitestone Bridge pizza.  The dough was excellent.  Cooked just right, not too soft, not too crispy.  Toppings were good not great.  The fresh tomatoes were bland.  Need a little salt.  Cheeses were just OK.The chicken parm was tasty, but not outstanding.  Sauce was a bit acidic, more like tomato paste.  I like a smoother marinara.I'll give it another try.  Maybe order something else.
4	We found this place in the Entertainment Book, any pizza 50% off (instead of the bogo which isn't very practical) and decided to stop in for lunch while in the area.  We just ordered the 18" cheese pizza and some drinks.  The place wasn't very busy on a Tuesday afternoon so the service was great.  The pizza came out quick and was nice and ooey gooey.  The cheese pizza wasn't very greasy and had a good amount of cheese.  The crust was delicious - probably the BEST crust I've tasted in Phx and, trust me, I've been on the hunt!  It was crispy and flaky on the outside while moist and chewy on the inside.  It wasn't doughy at all and even my husband and daughter ate most of it - they NEVER eat the crust!The only downside was the tomato sauce, it was just that - tomato with no discernable flavor of garlic or herb or anything really.  This was really disappointing because the rest of the pizza was great!  It may have been ok if we had spicy or flavorful toppings to make up for it like pepperoni or sausage or veggies, I'm not sure.  My daughter loved it because she's 8 and she doesn't like basil or oregano or garlic - she loves the sauce you get in a pizza lunchable.  The only other drawback was the $5 import beer (Peroni), my husband only had one which is kind of a first!  Good thing the pizza was only $8 which made up for it.Overall, a good spot for pizza if you get some toppings!  If they fixed the sauce, I'd make the drive to Scottsdale at least once a month!
5	My boys and I were running errands far from home, and decided to stop here based on the Yelp reviews. We were very pleased with our choice. Each of us ordered the slice and garlic knots special. The slices were very tasty, but the garlic knots were terrific! My only tip on the knots would be for the kitchen not to let them get over-browned. Pauly is a very smart man, because the majority of business owners today don't seem to value customer service. Pauly joked with us as we ordered, then checked up to see how our meal was. He was very personable and funny - even bringing us a complimentary dessert. We very much appreciated both the good food, and being treated like we were a valued customer. I hope to see them have continued success.
4	Yo Pauly's is a pizzeria.  Pauly makes terrific pizza.  You shouldn't come here expecting to get gourmet osso buco or lobster fra diavolo.  Order the pizza and you'll be very happy.  Service is wonderful and, as a New Yorker, I can say you will be hard pressed to find better pizza in Scottsdale.  It can even be ordered by the slice!
5	We had a little bit of a delivery issue the other night and the owner not only called us to apologize over the phone, but when we got there, he came out and apologized and more than fixed the issue. GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE! And the pizza is always the best! We highly recommend Yo Pauly's, you will not be disappointed!
5	This was our first time to Pauly's. We're from back east and haven't found many great pizza places in AZ but Pauly's ROCKED!! The pizza & wings were awesome! Perfect crust, tasty sauce, & fresh veggies! As first-timers, Pauly gave us free canolis & they were delish!! The service was awesome! Pauly was so welcoming & friendly! Would definitely recommend this place!
4	Amazing service and great pizza.
5	yo pauly's new york pizza co.'s pizza is one of my favorites, and its even better that it's not a chain. i love the choices of crust (wheat or original) and sauces. in fact, i'm craving their pizza just writing this review!
3	The $7 deals for the month are all outstanding. Ordered the 14" cheese pie and massive chicken parmesan hero to go. Both dishes were good, but not best ever quality. It is probably 3.5 stars. Thought that the NY style pizza needed more of a NY touch, aka it needed oregano on the pie and did not have that orange grease that is our state's identity for the pies (even after reheating). It did have a good crust. The hero was good as well, but the one cutlet got drowned out by too much sauce and bread (which was of good quality). One extra cutlet would have made a big difference. The owner Pauly was cooking the pies and he is a nice guy as he included some excellent garlic knots and marinara sauce on the house with my order. Take advantage of the specials while they last. Baked Ziti or a $7 calzone will be my next meal.
4	Pauly's is still serving up delicious food.  Had the spaghetti & meatballs--great sauce, tasty meatballs with real meat not two pounds of bread crumbs. Very good.  Hubby had a hero with chicken, eggplant & marinara sauce--no cheese.  New waiter was a little confused with hubby's order. I guess most people don't combine eggplant and chicken--you should try it folks... it's good.   It was a nice size too.  Also, waiter kept on saying, "you want it on a roll?"... we kept saying- a wedge.  To me a roll is round and small--like the type you get when you order, let's say a tuna salad sandwich at a deli.  So then we said " A hero".   I think the waiter is new, but he has to learn the jargon.  Here it is:  hero, hoagie, wedge, sub... it's like an italian bread cut in half and split down the middle.  It is NOT a roll.   The guy was nice enough and as usual the food was delicious.  We ordered a Heinekin and got sticker shock at $5.50 for a bottle.  Am I behind the times or what?   $5.50 for a Heinekin?? I could understand it if it were a specialty beer which this is not.   Anyway, the food was so delish that we didn't say anything about the beer price.   Have to take one star away from the rating, though.....
5	If you are serious about your pizza, and understand the basic principles of a good east coast pizzeria... look no further. This is your off the chart authentic NY pizzeria. Just a little west of the city is all...The owner and staff were fabulous, the pizza amazing. I can't eat much pizza... it's a once or twice a year thing for me. So when I do, it had better be damn good. This was that and more. I am so glad I found it, and so grateful I don't live in Scottsdale or I'd probably make it a habit. You go Pauly. Your pizza is exceptional. And yeah, I'm a New Yorker. So I'm not going to go into a whole thing about the crust and the seasoning and sauce... it's a one bite thing. You take a bite, you know. That simple.
4	Went back and tried the Bensonhurst Baked Ziti and a small greek salad last night. The ziti was pretty good and clearly NY style with more cheese and less sauce. The leftovers will be better because I prefer a crispier version, but it was loaded with ricotta and was authentic. It came with four garlic knots, which was just enough, but half a dozen would have been better with that size of a dish. The greek salad had a couple of good moments with a few kalamata olives, but could have used more feta and lose the parsley please in the salad because I don't enjoy eating parsley, even with dressing. Looks like the pasta is the way to go here after trying a sampling of most items.
5	Aa a NY native, it's as NY pizza as I gets. Crust is light, crisp bottom and chewy.  Cheese and sauce are quality.  If you like NY pizza, you'll enjoy Pauly's.
4	Another hidden gem amongst the eateries hidden away in the corner of the Fry's shopping center on the corner of 90th & Via Linda. I stopped in here for lunch recently and it was solid. They have several lunch specials for pizza by the slice, salads & calzones, and they all include drinks. I got a single slice of white pizza w/tomato & spinach w/a Cesar salad. The pizza was yummy! My parents are from NY. I've been to NY. I've had NY pizza. Honestly, I don't get all the hullabaloo about the pizza there (probably because I wasn't raised on it), but this pizza definitely seemed like authentic NY pizza. My NY parents both had plain cheese slices (which I tasted) and they were impressed. The Cesar salad that I had was pretty basic, but still good (and pretty good size for a lunch portion side salad).The calzone & pasta options all sounded good as well, and one of these days I'd love to order a 24" pie, just to see what it looks like.The restaurant itself is pretty small (it seems like it caters more to takeout), but the staff is very friendly & I detected NY accents so you know this place is the real deal. I'd definitely come back!
5	Best pizza in Scottsdale. Crust is fluffy and crispy. If you're looking for authentic NY pizza, this is the place to get it.
5	I just moved here from California and was thrilled to discover Yo Pauly's. Their New York pizza is delicious. A must to accompany your meal is their garlic knots with marinara sauce! Tonight I tried their baked ziti. Their portions are generous and they don't skimp on the cheese. I love the atmosphere at the restaurant. I am usually someone who has our pizza delivered but really enjoy dining there. The staff is very friendly. Definitely a two thumbs up!
5	Went back for a return visit, only to find it was just as exceptional as the first time. Takes me back home on the first bite. The crust is perfect. The cheese is delicious. Sauce just exactly right. When it comes to true NY pizza, consistency is king. Glad Pauly has it!! And the yelling in the kitchen? Now that's as authentic as it gets.
5	Got a 10" cheese pie, wish I got a 14" because I devoured that thing so fast!! I think I found a new pizza takeout/delivery place.I've lived in a neighborhood nearby there for many years and am surprised I did not try this place earlier. Being from Chicago originally, I am picky when it comes to pizza. It is hard to find a good pizza place here and often make my own pies at home.  If you love NY style pies, check it out.
5	This was always a family favorite, in fact we had a few birthday celebrations here. We hadn't been back for years as we spend a lot of time in Northern Arizona.  Returned this past week-end, and was very happy to discover the food was as excellent as it has always been.  The waitress who assisted us was both gracious and helpful.  The Astonia wings were just like I remembered.  Our pizza was made to perfection.  Oh, did I mention I'm a native New Yorker, and like most of us, I'm a pizza snob.  The fact that they have been around so long and are making it through this difficult economy speaks volumes about the quality of food and service.  Can't wait to go back.  It will not be years.
5	Pizza and calzone were perfect. We will be ordering takeout again. Delicious crust on the pizza and wonderful ingredients for toppings.
2	To the owner:  Last Thursday you had a young man waiting tables who I had never seen before.  He was a bit pushy and overbearing, but I wanted to give him a chance thinking that perhaps the young man needs more to time to adapt to his new job.  This was my thinking until.........1.  He brought us our dishes and we sat there without cutlery and napkins until we got our own by taking them off other tables.  I refused to do what my husband did and brought it to the attention of one of the waitresses.  She apologized and promptly gave me my cutlery and napkins. 2.  My waiter was stroking the back of his hair, rubbing his neck.... doing this with the hands that were soon to touch my food.3.  My waiter was playing with his mouth and chin with his hands..... doing this with the hands that were soon to touch my food.  Do we see a pattern here???4.  When I asked for a take out container for my leftovers, he brought an aluminum pan and cover but made sure that his fingers were all inside the aluminum pan when he handed it to me.  I had to wipe it down with water and the scarce napkins.  Here is a clue waiters and waitress everywhere in YelpLand... DO NOT play with your body parts while you are on the job serving food to people who go out to eat for pleasure not to witness a science experiment on bacterial growth.  I was not going to Yelp about this, but the owner of Yo Pauly is a decent sort who runs a place with very good food and he needs to know what his wait staff is doing.  The food on this particular night was excellent as usual.  The service left much to be desired and the habits of this particular waiter touching himself before he served our food was disconcerting not to mention, a bit "nasty."
5	We came back because the first visit was so good.  This time I tried the gyro -- OMG!!! The best I have ever had. They make their own tzitziki,  and grill the meat for a perfect taste. ..WOW!! Hubby had the lasagna,  which we figured would be wonderful based on the white pizza we had on first visit. But, we were not prepared for the DYNAMITE flavor of that marinara sauce with the light noodles, meat combo. The marinara is so fresh, light on flavor without any heavy herbs drowning out that wonderful fresh tomatoes taste. Love this place!!!
5	We love this place - we've been coming here for nearly three years; we absolutely  love the food and also really enjoy the charm & character of the restaurant. The Pizzas are a rich blend of traditional and inspired flavors, (we love the Whitestone best, but enjoy everything we've tried - you can't go wrong) and Pauly's roots give the food and the place a unique personal/local feel. The salads are practically addicting; once I start eating them I wanna keep going!  Also, it's a real treat to get good service from the staff who always seem to be enjoying themselves - gives a nice welcoming warmth to the place.
1	HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!My husband and I decided to come here tonight, as he has had this pizza before at work. Big mistake.We walk in and the guy greets us and is very nice. He tells is we can sit anywhere we want, so we do. We look at the menu and wait for someone to come by to get our drink order.  Doesn't happen right away, as the guy and girl that seem to be the only 2 working, continue their conversation.A group of people come in and the girl comes out to their table and jokes about how she's the manager (I sincerely hope not!). Then she asks them what they would like to drink.Apparently, serving your regulars/friends takes priority over guests that were there first. That was our cue to leave. Not spending time and money at an establishment with such rude service.
1	The owner Pauly is rude.  I work in an office close by and we received free delivery if over $15.00.  I ordered three lunch specials and got grief from him stating they are usually only used for large orders.  Well Pauly, don't put max of $15.00 on the delivery and be more specific.  He always rubs me the wrong way and comes off very rude.  I guess that's the New York type of guy that is RUDE.Don't get me wrong, I LOVE the food.  I usually get the white stone pizza and salad.  The dressing is to die for.  Today, my family came by my work to have lunch with me and so I called and preordered it for take out b/c I wasn't sure if we were eating there or not or back at the office.  But after I took the order over the phone, my coworkers wanted to order out as well and I was going to pick it up for them.  So it ended up being a dine in instead.  When we were standing at the front, I looked up at the owner and smiled.  He just looked back and didn't crack a smile at all.  Just a rude person, I guess.  So we got our food and I could hear the owner wasn't happy that I got take out and we ate in.  Saying that was a take in NOT a take out.  Same day my family dined in, my coworkers had ordered for 11:30 am so I could take it when I leave.  Well, the owner asked too, this is for you.  I answered yes.  When I was walking out the door, I noticed that my coworkers pizza was placed on a paper plate and in a paper bag.  Typically, they put the piece in a to go box.  I took a pic of it and it's my screen picture.  This is ridiculous and RUDE.Pizza and food is good if you can get over the owner that works there.
5	I really liked this place. I had never heard of it before and went in based on a friend's recommendation, and I was really glad that I did. The pizza slices are huge, but more importantly they are delicious! I just went with pepperoni, but I'm looking forward to going back and trying their other slices. Oh, and get a cannoli if you go there. SO GOOD!
4	We happened upon this pizza two weeks before we moved  back to California. Too bad, I spent four years looking for good pizza in this desert non-oasis otherwise known as Scottsdale, and when we finally found it, we were leaving.  Well it's the closest you'll get to New York style pizza in this part of the world.  I would recommend not ordering the extra-large, on our last night in Scottsdale we made this mistake.  The slices are ridiculously huge, and they comped us garlic knots because the pizza came out of the oven in a weird blimp/oblong shape?  Actually it was slightly burned on the bottom once we got it home.  The free garlic knots would have been great paired with pasta and salad, but not burned pizza. Otherwise I would have given them 5 stars.
1	Yuck...we ordered take out for lunch... $10.00 for a child size portion of dry disgusting lasagna....the lasagna taated store bought & old. It was very vrry dry.  WAY OVER PRICED......as for the 24 inch giant rustic....head down the 101 to the actual Giant Rustic Pizza Joint & get it for abt half the price of yo paulys & much better tasting....Terrible day old food for very high prices..lots of other choices in scottsdale to go to...avoid this one....YUCK..
5	The pizza was very good. You can order half the pizza one style and order the other half with different toppings. The garlic knots were great.  The customer services was really great.  Very friendly waitress. We were visiting and I would go back the next time were in town.
5	Best pizza in town ! I order from them at least once a week. They have a huge 24' pizza called the New York giant and it is monstrous we ordered it when my family came to visit from out of town and they tell their friends and family about it back home. The ziggts favorite Za is my favorite
1	Terrible customer service.  I ordered 3 pizzas with soda (almost $90.00 tab) and the delivery guy brought no cups, ice, plates nothing.  Called the restaurant, got no apologies, took them over 20 minutes to bring the items that should have come the first time.  The pizzas were not hot when they arrived and of course cooled even more waiting for the cups and ice.  The guy who took my order made all kinds of promises how great things would be said he would call back after we ate our meal to see if everything was ok.  He could care less, never called.  You can bet I will never go back.  No way were the pizzas worth 3 times pizza hut or other stores.
3	I would say 5 stars if we're purely just talking about the pizza, but I have to drop it to 3 when you consider customer service as well. After having ordered delivery from Yo Pauly's multiple times, I have concluded that the owner, Pauly, appears to be aggressive and simply rude at times. If you're okay with possibly running into a not-so-friendly environment or lackluster customer service, but AMAZING pizza, this is the place for you. It's a shame Pauly isn't nicer or more helpful because that would easily bump this 3 stars up to a 5. P.S. For all those ricotta lovers who don't like giving up the marinara with the typical white pizza, order the "Not So Whitestone Bridge" pizza. It's on their secret menu and TO DIE FOR!
5	Best pizza in Scottsdale!  Great for lunch or dinner.  Staff is always nice and their food is amazing.  Pauly is a character!!
5	Pauly is a NYC transplant and makes some of THEE best pizza you'll find west of the Mississippi.  If you're hankering for some original NYC pizza pie then definitely go by Yo Pauly's and give him a try.
5	Best pizza I have ever had!! My boyfriend took me here and its my favorite place to go now. The customer service is awsome. Its nice to go into a place and they really make an effort to get to know you and really take care of you. I also really appreciated the complimentary canoils. Was my first time trying them and they were amazing. Will recommend to everyone. :)
5	We ordered cannolis for takeout. The owner Pauly was really sweet and made sure to let me know they would wait until we got there to fill them so that they would be fresh for us. We were greeted right when we arrived, they filled the cannolis immediately, and the were delicious (and very reasonably priced). The pizza also looked great- we will definitely be back to get pizza and cannolis!
5	Bessssst calzone ever! From east coast and gotta say this place is really good. Cheese cake to die for and pizza is delicious!
5	Stumbled across this place Thursday brought friends back tonight.  Had salads & entrees we were all satisfied and full.  Staff was very friendly felt like we'd  been there 100 times.  Definitely going back for the pizza.
