2	Craving pho this cold and rainy night and instead of Saigon 8 in Henderson, our usual pho restaurant, We decided to  try out Pho Little Saigon , which was across the street from Saigon 8.  There were 4 other people in Little Saigon when we pulled up and there was lots of room with plenty of tables and chairs. First thing I noticed was the large chinese food menu right by the front door, hmmmm, I can feel my hopes being slightly dashed at this point , but we've made it this far, so we went on in. I ordered my usual  Noodle soup with rare eye round steak & beef meatballs and Tanya got her usual Grilled shrimps and sliced pork over vermicelli and vegetables for comparison against Saigon 8's. For my dish, the main complaint was broth wasn't as rich as I was used to and the meatballs had a different texture than what I was used to. Everything else was similar. For Tanya, her bbq pork was not as tasty and she ate something that tasted like bad fish (twice!) in her bowl. She could not figure out where that taste came from.  Prices are slightly higher than Saigon 8, for the exact same meal, we would have paid about $2 less across the street.
2	This place is one of the more spacious Pho places I have been to. I was very surprised when I looked at the menu and saw the prices - about $1-$2 more than most Pho restaurants in the area. And it's one size fits all, not your choice of a smaller bowl or larger bowl.Overall, pho was good, not great, and for the price, I would try other places first.
1	I ordered pho, the meat tasted like it wasnt cooked. I told the waiter and he replied: "you shouldn't ordered that". Worst pho ever!!!
3	Stopped by with my fiance on a friend's recommendation. Didn't scope out Yelp until we were done with our meal. We were both really surprised by the low reviews only because we had a good experience overall.I sort of walked in knowing I'd be comparing them to Lemon Grass Cafe. I was craving a seafood egg noodle & veggie dish, so I ordered the #150 (with the noodles cooked soft). I'll admit the price was a dollar or two higher compared to Lemon Grass, but the potion size was at least double!...not to mention the dish had an over abundance of seafood. Such a bonus!! My left overs at Lemon Grass consisted of noodles and a few carrots. The left overs I took home from here was like a whole other entree, there was so much left. My fiance ordered the Chicken Pho. His initial comment was how he liked their Pho just a bit more only because he didn't prefer the meat balls that Lemon Grass added to their Pho. He did like both though. Little Saigon's Pho is only available in one size, which is equivalent to a large anywhere else. Good if you're hungry, but not so good if you're used to having options.Oh, and they offer Thai Tea with boba!! I'd never had boba added to mine before. Love it!The space if larger than I anticipated. Very clean. It was uncomfortably quiet when we were there (Friday evening). I'm not sure if this is typical or if they are busier during lunch. The staff is pleasant. Very soft spoken and mild mannered. It seemed they did not want to interrupt their diners once served, so be sure to ask for the check when you're ready for it. We'll be back for sure!
2	Ate here a couple of times. the food its alright. i guess. a little Pricey! service is kind of wack for me. they just sit around or your cant find them to get a damn re-fill. Just keep on truckin' to the next spot! hahaa!
5	Grrrrrr8!  You have to try the General Chicken!  I have a pretty strong feeling my husband is officially addicted to this dish!  LOL!  I've tried their spring rolls, pho noodle bowls and wonton soup.  Everything we've had has been really good.  The servers are nice.  Thai tea is super yummy!  We're not sure why this place is always empty....More people need to try this place!  Considering my husband's addiction...we will be back!
3	I have to say that after reading the 5 of 7 poor reviews that this place has I was hesitant to try it and go to lemongrass instead but my bf loves the pho little Saigon on spring mountain so I decided to give it a try and was pleased with my decision. I order my usual, the grilled shrimp and veggie vermicelli bowl with 2 sides of fish sauce and was happy to see the waiter bring out a heaping bowl filled with noodles and lots of veggies with perfectly grilled shrimp. I have to say that this dish wins over lemongrass's and pho saigon dish based on veggie count and taste. Here at pho lil Saigon their shrimp taste awesome and the dish seems to have a good garlic flavor to it. I was missing the mango salad that lemongrass offers though. My bf orders the raw beef pho dish and likes the dish here better as well. Prices are comparable to the regular pho Saigon across the street and lemongrass. This will be my go to place for sure ;)
4	this place reminds me of back home in la.  Went in with the family and no complaints from us we have been here 4 or 5 times already.  Seems to be the better of the three pho places around the house and it is cheap.  The bill for 4 people with drinks and apps only $52.00.  Never really busy which is nice for a quite bowl of soup.  I will continue to come back...
3	My family was in a time crunch, and Pho Kim Long had such a ridiculously long wait that we decided to go to Pho Little Saigon instead.The service was quick and efficient, and we were seated, ordered, and received our bowl of pho(s) in about ten minutes all together. The only downside was that they were swamped, so the waiters kept on forgetting little things here and there; that wasn't a problem though because whenever the waiters passed by, we just reminded them, and they gave us extra [meatballs].I've been to many pho places, and this is one of the better ones! There's only one size, and it's a little more on the pricey side - about $8/bowl.
3	The pho is great. I usually get the number 32 which is the rare steak and beef ball noodle soup. The soups run about $8-10 as well. For appetizer I like to the ground pork rolled with shrimp and carrot. The sauce pairs great with the ground pork roll because of the fried rice paper that is wrappped around the roll. It also comes with lettuce to wrap around the roll as well which makes it an even more tasty appetizer. Other appetizers I would suggest is the shrimp roll as well.I come here mostly for the #32 pho. The dine in experience is ok. If you are one looking to just come in to satisfy your pho craving this place would be it. They do have flat screens to watch the news on which i think is supposed to help boost the contemporary feel in the restaurant.
4	Get the #72! It's the only thing I've eaten there. I like it so much, I don't branch out. It is consistently delish.
3	Well, I'm a relative noob to the whole Vietnamese culinary experience, but it has slowly been growing on me.  I have had the opportunity to eat at Pho Little Saigon several times and it has been consistently good.  I have limited myself to the Charbroiled Pork Bun and the Banh Mis...both of them hit the spot and I feel like a good portion of food is served for the price.  I also enjoy this place because they serve a limited Chinese menu and I can hook the kids up with some orange chicken and steamed rice since they haven't developed the taste buds for Viet-goodness quite yet...everybody's happy!
2	I come here to satisfy my pho cravings since it's convenient.  The broth is sometimes rich and sometimes dull.  Service is alright (depending on who's working).  It's pretty pricey and the soup bowl is kind of small compared to other places.  One thing I really love from here are their vietnamese sandwiches.  I prefer the pork because it is more tasty than the beef and it is very affordable around $3.50 a sandwich.  Oh and they won't accept your card if you don't meet the minimum requirement which may be around 10 or 15 dollars so bring cash if you don't plan on spending that much.
3	I am a self admitted Pho noob (I pronounced it 'faux' for a while) and general soup lover (liquid food yummm) so take that into consideration before reading this.  That being said....I am a fan of Pho Little Saigon.  Sure the atmosphere leaves lots to be desired (the last time I was there the TV's were off and the manager was at a table watching an Asian comedy TV show on BLAST on his laptop) and the service is average (you pay at the register but they decline to tell you that), but if you are looking for a quick, hot bowl of Pho with all the fix-ins, Little Saigon delivers.Typically I order the #32 (rare steak and beef ball) and #34 (rare steak, flank and tripe) and both are solid.  Tripe is generally scary to eat but it blended well in the huge bowl of noodles, broth, rare beef, mint, sprouts, onions and whatever else they find to put in those bowls.  My biggest complaint is that the flank steak is very fatty and it typically takes some time to get rid of the fat before you get to dig in to the soup.  I am not sure if the flank is always served that fatty (again, refer to my noob status), but it is a small price to pay for a nice inexpensive meal.Soups run around $7.50 and there are lunch specials for $5.99 but you need to ask for that menu when you sit down.
2	I love PHOOOOOOOOOOO and I was really excited this place was fairly close to work. I came for lunch and there was no one else here during lunch (strange?). I ordered the usual...Pho Tai and the egg rolls. My friend had the vegetarian pho since she wasn't into eating all this crazy meat. My pho broth was sweet. I'm not a very sweet person and when I have pho I like it to be savory! The beef was a bit hard to eat and chew through. Eggrolls were good, nothing extraordinary, but my friend seemed to enjoy it seeing it was her first time. Overall, service was good, but their pho could be better. I probably won't be back as there are a couple of other pho places down the street that I love. Sorry Pho Little Saigon.
3	This place is ok. I'd rather go to pho Saigon 8 across the street. Clean n big place with descent pho. Service was good, but that probably because this place is pretty empty.
2	I came here after a crazy drunken night with 3 other girls. 2 of us thought it tasted weird and the other 2 thought it was really good. I was the one who thought it tasted weird.It was a bit on the soapy tasting side. I ended up using A LOT of hoisen sauce to get some sort of flavor, other than the soap taste I felt like I was receiving. They do give you a good amount of meat and definitely a good size bowl of Pho for the price. In Seattle, it would be about $8 for what they call their regular sizes, so that was a plus.It's a pretty well kept place. It's got tacky paintings up that have nothing to do with an Asian restaurant, but then again, it's an Asian restaurant (no racism intended!! I'm the most Asian girl you'll ever meet). Lol. While eating here, I was reading the reviews about what other people said and how they don't like that they don't tell you that you need to come up and pay. That wasn't an issue for me because almost every Pho place I've been to, they require you to walk up to the register and pay when you're done. When walking in, I didn't see a sign that said "cash only" though. And apparently this place is cash only. If my friend didn't get up and secretly pay for all of us, I would of been in trouble because I rarely ever carry cash on me. So, maybe I missed the sign, but it is cash only for those of you who don't ever carry cash and need the heads up.If ever in the area again and in desperate need of Pho, I may go here. But if I saw another Pho place near by, I'd most likely go to the other place. Nothing that great or special to come back for.
1	HORRIBLE HORRIBLE FOOD & SERVICE! .  a patron in my party expressed not being pleased with her meal, they of course offered if she would like to try anything different. And of course she opted yes, as she was still hungry. (her first dish was was the pho , & it was so horrible she could not even complete one bite). When our check came they still charged her for both meals!! Even meal that she NEVER even ate!!! They said it could not be deleted& they would call the police. Even Taco Bell refund your money when you are not pleased ... Really? I guess our first sign should had been when we noticed we were the only customers at prime lunch hour.... The food lacks taste and so do the workers
4	Pho-tastic has more ox-tail taste to the pho  then some other places depending on how long the broth marinates which is a good thing. If your looking for that distinct flavor that is naturally in well made pho.
1	Visited several times and the staff are very unwilling to serve and monitor tables. Very rude and ignore customers.  Food is good if you can get the wait staff to understand ordering in English.
1	I wish there is zero star!The Waiter was very rude. He seated the parties behind us first. When complained, instead of resolving the issue, he threw away the menu and yelled at us. I wished we walked out, but we had kids and all of us were starving, so we just went inside. Didn't even give us water or tea.They also charged us 15% tips without our knowledge, which we found out later.It's surprising that they still  EXPECT US TO TIP 15% after how they treated us !!!
4	Come here quite often, never disappoints. service is much to be desired but the food makes up for it.
3	Bad service but the food was okay.
4	I was ill in December 2012 and my friend brought me the #33 soup. I don't recall the name nor can I pronounce it if I knew.;) It is the best soup I have ever had. I was surprised by the combination of the ingredients and how they blended together so well. I would have never guess these ingredients mixed together would taste so good! I want more! Yes, the staff did not speak good english but, they clearly understood # 33. lol The only person who was rude was another customer that interupted my (order) conversation at the take out counter while I was placing a order to go. To his surprise, I asked him if he realized he was interupting our conversation, not sure if he understood English either. Anyway, haha, I've got to have # 33 again soon.
5	ok been here tuns of times and now finally writing a review, i have been to many places in vegas and for me this is the best place by far. love the Pho and also all the other dishes
4	Tip: Super sweet honest owners unlike other places.  I've been here a few times already and the food has been pretty decent, but what I find noteworthy is the service. There aren't as many Vietnamese restaurants in this side of town except for another Pho place in the shopping center on the other side of the freeway. I've been to both, and I can say the people at Pho Little Saigon are way nicer. I've had the traditional Vietnamese dinner here with the Tamarind soup and the braised fish. The employees let us know that the soup wasn't going to have all the ingredients that we expect from the traditional meal since herbs and other vegetables are scarce/expensive. Going out of their way to buy the proper ingredients would lead to them being tossed out because the clientele typically stick to what they are familiar with. I appreciated the honesty instead of being surprised with substituted ingredients or omission entirely. The people are honest, attentive, and hard working. It's one of those places that you come back to because the food is good and you want to help the proprietors out.
4	I don't really like PHO, I prefer ramen. That being said I only order 2 things here and I've never really tried anything else except lemongrass chicken (extra spicy) and various spring rolls either wrapped in rice paper and rarely the fried ones. Anyways Lemongrass chicken is the best I've found in Vegas, chicken is tender lots of hot chili's lots of lemongrass. I have ate this here at least 20 times.. I can't really speak for much else of the menu but I will keep coming back just for lemongrass chicken and I don't care to try much else.
3	Good Pho. Not crazy about their other dishes, Pho Ga and Pho Bo is good, and I like the Banh mi bo kho. But the service is exceptional. That and a good bowl of Pho will keep me coming back.
3	You can't really mess up pho.  It's nothing but meat, veggies, and broth.  Then as a customer you add as much lime, sprouts, cilantro, hoisin, and sriracha you want. Well Pho Little Saigon pho was neither special nor terrible but it satisfied my pho craving when I needed it, more better than bad. With maybe 2 or 3 other pho places already in the area, less then 1/2 mile a part, it does have pro's over the others. They seemed pretty clean back when ate here a few months ago but I believe they were recently on Dirty Dining. Honestly I'll probably eat there again if the party wants to eat here. Why? Because they have a good variety of items on their menu besides pho, it didn't make me sick, priced inexpensive, spacious interior with plenty of tables, and they'll probably get it corrected.  The only thing I didn't like was that they'll keep to the credit card minimum thing.Located right off the 215 and S. Eastern near Chuck E Cheese.
5	My favorite pho place in Vegas!!! And I'm an addict!!! I craved the broth throughout my pregnancy so I went here like 3 times a week!!! And trust me I tried many other pho places!! The service is also great
5	Their food is amazing, I haven't tried everything, only 2 dishes, but I am an absolute fan. Not to mention their hospitality. One of the women is so warming and genuinely friendly. I visited for the first time last night & had to come back today. This is my pho spot from here on out. I highly recommend this place. Not too big but definitely cozy. Only bad thing is the traffic on the way here, since it's right in the middle of Eastern.
5	When living in DC, the crew I worked with introduced me to PHO. I am happy to find a place so close that has good PHO. The people who work there are attentive. I will continue to go.
4	Not the best I've had. Not the worst. I didn't east there so I can't comment on the service, but a far as take out goes, I ready liked that they gave me everything separate (not just the basil and sprouts) so I could divide it for leftovers. 1 pho is enough for 2 people. Price is what you'd expect.
3	Although I love the location ( oh so close to the house!) I will have to say the lack of essential pho accoutrements such as limes, fresher mung beans and peanut sauce, has greatly affected my experience. The broth could be a lot more flavorful but it isn't too greasy. I'll be back but only because china towns too far away.
5	Having eaten here a few times now, i'm more impressed each time by the friendly service and excellent good.
3	This was a great little place to grab dinner in a hurry. Service was prompt and polite. The food was good, but you cant go too wrong with pho. It was a good portion for the price ($8 for a regular bowl).  I'd love to go back try the other menu items.
3	It was decent and quick but nothing to write home about. I thought the Pho was a little over priced at $7.95 but maybe that's me being a cheap ass and expecting Orange County Westminster Pho prices for lunch. The place was huge but hardly anyone there when I say down for lunch at 130PM. Anyway, if your in the mood for pho and are in the area, it's worth stopping by but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
3	They have really good Pho.  Service is okay.  In general I recomend this place.  It won't wow you, but you will be happy with what you get for the price you pay.
4	Nice place, pho is delicious and always consistent. Had the #76 udon pork and shrimp,  would have liked more pork but the serving size made up for it. Overall recommend. The friend was above average.
5	We always drove by this place and never tried it. Tonight we decided to try it out, and wow! Hidden gem. Even my two year old loved it! Hot tea and iced tea for the hubby, I tried his hot tea and fell in love with the flavor and balance of the tea! Thai tea for me, perfect blend. Not too sweet. We got the #6, pork spring rolls. DELICIOUS. Their pork is fantastic! The flavor is phenomenal and its so tender. #23 pho for the husband. He loved it, we all did. Amazing base for their pho!! Heat to your own desire with everything provided on table. Yum!#70 bun for me! Pork and egg rolls! Again the pork was fantastic, love the flavor, my two year old killed half my pork! The egg rolls were blah. Not good, to the point of bad. Wasn't enough for me to drop a star though, I just pushed the rest of the pieces to the side and made a mental note not to get the egg rolls in mine next time! Friendly, courteous staff! Clean! Wonderful food! Great prices! Under $10 a person! We will be back, thank you!
2	I know better than to trust a restaurant that bills itself as "Vietnamese AND Chinese cuisine" (in general, I try to avoid restaurants that bill themselves as originating from two different countries unless they are specifically doing fusion or something purposeful, such as China Poblano, because it means they specialize in neither country's cuisine). Still, we came here one day because Pho Saigon 8 wasn't open yet. The pho broth was really whatever. It was really watery and not that flavorful. I also ordered the banh xeo (Vietnamese pancake) which was greasy and soggy, not at all crispy. I would much rather go to Pho Saigon 8 or Pho Mai Lan, which are both better and cheaper than here.
5	My son loves their pho!  He is pretty picky but they always make it with no vegtables for him.
4	Boyfriend had a craving for pho so we Googled the nearest joint & came across this place. It was a Friday night...clean, spacious and was seated quickly.  We knew what we wanted but browsed the menus to see what was to offer. I liked that the condiments are filled and were there for us on the table. We enjoyed our food, it definitely hit the spot. Portions are big and the servers continuously came around to fill our waters. The servers don't say much but it doesn't bother me, everything else was great. We will be back.
2	Went here for the first time and got pho Thai, my boy friend got beef stew and both soups had wayyyyy too much oil. If you're looking for some good pho, I wouldn't recommend this place. And plus, the "beef" in my boy friend's soup was really sketchy, it had the weirdest texture ever.
5	Had potstickers and pho tonight and was VERY PLEASED!  It was my 1st time here & I'm going to be a regular customer. The portion size of the potstickers was perfect for my niece & I to share.  The dipping sauce was a light ginger soy & just right. Not salty or bitter or too sweet. We had Pho Tau with beef balls and rare beef slices. The broth was rich, lightly seasoned & NOT greasy! Beef balls & slices were tasty as were the rice noodles.  I seasoned with just lime and loved it. Portion size is huge & I'll have lunch tomorrow too! Prices are reasonable. My niece, the pho snob, loved it. It wasn't busy because we came in about 830 pm but service was timely and friendly. Hopefully our review entices others to try this place.
5	Pho is on point. Always come and never to crowded and never have to wait more then 5 mins to get your soup.
4	The rare beef pho was great, but nothing to really stand out.  The lemongrass chili beef Bun Thit on the other hand was one of the best noodle dishes I've had in a long while.  The Vietnamese iced coffee.....holy crap it's good, and potent.. Very very potent. I'm sure I could have ran a marathon after that.
3	Pho Little Saigon on Eastern in Henderson serves both Vietnamese Pho and Chinese fare. Like most Vietnamese restaurant the decor is simple -- rows of tables and chairs -- as the feature is the Pho and Phabric :). I prefer Pho 88 , Little Saigon and Pho Kim Long in China Town Spring Mountain to Pho Little Saigon but for a quick bowl of soup this will do.
4	Second time here and we plan to keep coming back. We've had the meatball pho, potstickers, spring rolls, and broccoli beef. Pho is excellent, we were both very happy with it. I liked the broccoli beef more than at other Chinese restaurants as the sauce wasn't as heavy and salty. The $5 lunch special is a great deal. My only complaint is the parking lot. It's awful, though this is certainly not the restaurant's fault, it makes coming here a less than perfect experience.
1	It's a cold 43 degrees outside today, and it's just as cold in the restaurant (I'm not exaggerating), would it kill them to turn on the heat a bit for their customers? Ordered their Pho with everything in it, and a side of spring rolls. Spring rolls came out and it was right out of the refrigerator cold (as in pre-made). Then the Pho came out with the add in veggie (only sprouts, basil, and 1 lime wedge), bare minimum stuff. The broth was flat with very little flavor. I reached for the sauces and the bottles were dirty, with dried sauce around the spout. And to top it off, after the meal, I was super thirsty (so I'm figuring too much MSG). In conclusion, it wasn't a good deal at all, I won't be returning.
