5	On Wednesday nights Todd's Unique offers free corkage so our choice for dinner this evening was a forgone conclusion.  Todd's happens to be my favorite Las Vegas restaurant so we make it a point to visit on each trip.  Our karma was good this evening as we were assigned to one of Sheena's tables.  She appeared to be suitably impressed when I unveiled our bottle of Tunnel of Elms that sported a plastic cork.  We allowed her to recite the daily specials, but our minds were made up beforehand.  We shared a baby spoonleaf spinach salad with cranberries, goat cheese and candied walnuts tossed with a warm bacon dressing that was nothing short of sublime.  Our entrees were teriyaki halibut served over steamed rice and baby bok choy.  I have ordered this entre at least 5 times in the past and it has never been anything short of exceptional and I don't even like teriyaki.  Todd, owner/chef extraordinaire, stopped by the table and thanked us for our support.    Meanwhile Sheena managed to keep our glasses filled while also attending to several other tables including a large party of 10.    We passed on dessert, but Todd sent over 2 complimentary aperitifs.
5	The sous chef at Todd's Unique Dining is my boyfriend, Jeremy...so this may be a bit biased. But just a bit, since the first & only time I ate there was on one of our first dates about a year and a half ago. I remember the wontons and halibut I ordered were great. And Jeremy's favorite...the skirt steak, was fantastic. The short ribs must be awesome, because when Jeremy makes 'em at home they're MEAN! I hear this place has a ton of local regulars, some who come more than once a week. They also have a wine dinner one Sunday a month. Hopefully my boyfriend will get a day off so I can eat there again (I doubt it).
5	This is another good gourmet restaurant off the strip in a strip mall.
5	On Wednesday nights Todd's waives the usual $15 corkage charge. On our arrival we were disappointed to learn our favorite server had departed for parts unknown, but "Sunny", our new favorite server, proved to be both appropriately named and equally efficient. We shared a watermelon salad that included pepitas, cayenne, lime juice and feta cheese - an amazing mixture of flavors.  We each chose the fresh teriyaki halibut entree served over coconut rice and bok choy, but Todd has reworked the recipe to include fingerling potatoes plus baby carrots and sugar peas.  Near the end of the meal Todd came over to our table and thanked us for our continuing patronage and nice reviews.
3	Continuing the theme of previous post, this is another "old" review.For whatever reason, I tried to come up with a "local" joint in Las Vegas that my friend (who lived there her whole life minus college years) did not know/hear about.  After some poking around the internet, I came up with this place (if I remember correctly, on citysearch).From what I can remember, it's not too terribly far from the strip area.  But then again, I wasn't driving and we may have left from her house, not the hotel... so my estimate could be way off.  Check the map =DWhile I liked the "local" feel of the restaurant (this was my first not-on-strip dining experience in Vegas), I didn't think the food was all that great.  Don't get me wrong, it wasn't like bad food... just nothing special.  And for tourists, it's definitely not worth it to drive/cab off the strip to dine here.
4	I always enjoy Todd's, very fresh food .. with specialties off the beaten path.
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat in the entire Las Vegas Valley. I haven't had anything on the Las Vegas strip or downtown that is better. Food is fresh and simple. Best Creme Brulee I have ever had. Service was excellent. My only complaint is that the booths are uncomfortable. What I really like is the variety of attire. Some people were very dressed, others were watching TV in bar area in shorts and Hawaiian shirts. I think the experience of Todd's is really what you bring to it.
3	Before our red-eye flight home, we stopped at a small restaurant off-strip called, Todd's.For appetizers, we tried the Malaysian BBQ Shrimp, cucumber salad and johnny cakes, and the Asian dumpling pan fried soy dipping sauce. Both were relatively unimpressive. The shrimp were tasty and perfectly cooked, but the flavors did not meld well with the slightly chilled corn cakes (dry and not particularly flavorful.) The dumplings were good but nothing special.The real surprise came with the main courses. The South African Sea Bass with artichokes and caper butter was PERFECTLY cooked, delicate, delicious and amazing enough to stand alone (I actually think the artichoke caper sauce was a bit too overpowering for such a fantastic filet of fish!) The salmon dish was phenomenal, perfectly cooked and served on a bed of sticky rice. The pan seared day boat scallops with pistachio and brown butter were also amazing, perfectly cooked, tender and sweet. The fire-grilled Kobe Skirt steak with spicy black bean and chili sauce was AMAZING. The steak was juicy, tender and melt-in-your-mouth delicious. The chili fries were a nice pairing, and the Chinese black beans added a salty twist to this fantastic dish.Todd's: go for the mains and you can't go wrong.
3	Ambiance probably the worsr of all time haha but that makes it fun because u will be suprised when main course arrives! Service is ok. Could be much better however owners are very close minded and arrogant about how to run a restaurant. Food is good The Appetizers are rather boring except the Goat Cheese wontons with raspberry sauce VERY GOOD. Salads are ok The Watermelon salad is most impressive. Main Courses however are exceptional no doubt. Skirt Steak on Fire is AMAZING. All main course items are very very good. Definitely worth checking this place out.  Deseerts again nothing to rave about. Price is a little steep when go for the whole deal , meaning apps , salads, main, desserts. U can skip a lot of that maybe share a salad and come for the main courses which are truly kick ass and unique..
4	Just walking up to this office park building you are expecting a weird little place, when you walk in it only reinforces that expectation and when you open the menu things kind of change. The selections change daily so who knows what you'll see but on this Friday night everything looks good.I ordered the Kobe short rib that you could tell was cooked right when I never touched a knife the entire time. My wife got the halibut which was equally flaky and delicious.We had a $50 gift card and if my wife wasn't a wino I don't think we would have had to shell out anything but a tip for the attentive server.All in all it was a great dinner and I'd reccomend this place to anyone who likes good food and doesn't care about being at a "hot spot"
5	Went here for the first time a week or so ago on a recommendation. Was not disappointed. I had the signature skirt steak and fries which isn't how your mom made it, very flavorful, spicy, I couldn't finish  the plate but wanted to. My wife had the scallops which was also fantastic. Don't let the location fool you, if in Vegas GO!!
5	I first dined at Todd's a week ago and I've been back twice since!  It might be a bit soon to make this call, but I am going to go out on a limb and declare it to be my overall favorite off-strip restaurant in Vegas.  Blows away Rosemary's.Todd serves creative, well executed, high-quality food made with fresh seasonal ingredients combining both subtle and bold flavors,  I suppose some might say there is Asian influence, but I consider it to be West Coast American Nouveau.  I must admit, however, that this review might be slightly biased because it is soft shell crab season and I am sort of a soft shell crab whore.  Besides the juicy, succulent, makes-my-mouth-water-just-thinking-about-it soft shell crab, everything I've had there has been surprisingly good.  On a couple occasions I've even caught myself chuckling out loud about an unexpected twist or an extra added touch which took the dish to the next level.  One example would be the time I ordered what the menu that day called surf and turf - day boat scallops and tournedos of beef .  I ordered scallops rare and they were prepared exactly how I like them.  The tenderloin was well cooked, properly seasoned and balanced out with the scallops nicely.  However what took the dish to the next level in my opinion was the attention to detail found in the veg served on the plate.  Squash, beautiful broccoli, perfectly cooked enoki mushrooms, fresh green beans, and to top it off (and what made me chuckle) was a 2 inch piece of delicious, sweet corn still on the cob.  Nice touch.I won't go into detail about their must-order signature Kobe short rib, but  I will tell you they braise it for three days to create unparalleled tenderness.The service at Todd's is top notch.  Besides being attentive and well versed on the menu and the cooking techniques used, the servers are very nice and not afraid to engage in some friendly conversation.  In my opinion one of the keys to good service is making the customers feel comfortable and they certainly achieve that here.With the kind of food and service one might expect from a white tablecloth restaurant, it is refreshing to be served in a more cozy, relaxed environment.  There is a no-smoking bar on one side of the restaurant that has a bit of an old-fashioned feel to it but then they've got the basketball playoffs going on the TV. Todd is an actual person (chef/owner) and from what I can tell he is there most nights and makes an effort to come out on the floor and interact with the guests, another nice touch.  I'm glad to have discovered this gem and it's already become a new weekly spot for me in spite of being clear across town from me.
3	In the days of our ancestors, we had the choice of four salad dressings: ranch, blue cheese, thousand island, and Italian.  Our ancestors were happy and feasted upon the bounty that was placed before them.  If our ancestors were really lucky, the restaurant would toss the salad for them, and our ancestors would give thanks to the dining gods.  Fast forward several generations, and we are faced with a paradox of choice.  Our ancestors would be awed by opulence available at your neighborhood Vons.  Italian dressing?  We have low-cal, low-fat, organic, and gluten-free.  We even have Italian's more sophisticated sibling, balsamic vinaigrette, and even that comes in regular, raspberry, sugar-free, and Atkins-approved.So what does all this have to do with Todd's Unique Cuisine?  Quite a lot.  Wolfgang Puck opened the first Spago just 25 years ago and since then, our expectations of dining have increased exponentially every year.  Dining at Todd's is like prom night.  You go in with unreal expectations that can never be met.  Todd's is good.  It's just not great.  If Todd's were located in Spokane, WA, it'd be the best restaurant in town.  However, as all things Vegas, we set the bar ridiculously high.  While Todd's mix of modern, slightly Asian-inspired fusion fare is definitely delicious, it's not exactly cutting edge any more.  If Todd's were fashion, it'd be a pair of bootcut jeans.  Just a season or two out of date.Yes, I know I'm holding Todd's up to a ridiculous standard, but part of it probably comes from the name of the restaurant.  If it was simply called "Todd's Cuisine" I may have had a different experience.  Maybe I was expecting too much.  Just like prom night.Pro: Good food, generous-sized portionsCon: Dining area away from the bar can be loud when there are large groups present.  Holding a conversation can be difficult.Summary: As Fergie would say, it's so Two Thousand and Late
5	I love food. I try to find something different, something that at the end of the dinner I could honestly say that it was an "experience" rather than a "meal"--and Todd's did just that.  For months I would skim over his website, wondering if it would be worth the journey from North Las Vegas to East Sunset in Henderson, and last night we decided to give it a try.  We made reservations through opentable, where I've accumulated 10,000 points so far, and arrived on time at 7:45pm.  The server was friendly, attentive, and although it's in a strange place for what I consider high scale service, it was welcomed.  They have a notable wine list, a quaint bar and an interesting drink menu, which we did not partake in that evening.  Concentrating on dissecting textures, tastes and ingredients that night, I can honestly say that I was impressed.  His ravioli's, although hesitant at first to order southwest-themed ones, were very good.  Perfectly creamy on the inside, not overpowering sauce on the outside, and the southwest theme played well for something that is of Italian origin.  I very much enjoyed the tomato salad, which was plated beautifully and paired very nicely with a creamy balsamic.  The highlight of the evening were the two dishes of scallops and lamb--sauces to die for, perfectly cooked and very well presented.  Dessert, which was peach and ginger cobbler a la mode, paired with complimentary sparkling wine was the perfect ending to a perfect dinner.  If you are the type of person looking for extremely fancy, 5 michelin star food at this place, to be honest, it's not that.  It's more of a true dining experience in taste and textures both.  It's a place where the sauces blow your tastebuds away, where in some miracle mexican pasta isn't a bad thing at all, and where the dining at the end can be summed up as a true experience.  The chef knows how to pair flavors and textures well, and present seasonal food with grace and style.  I gave it a 5/5 stars because it truly deserves it. Knowledgeable staff, great variety, and out of this world flavors. A new hit for me--now it's your turn.
5	Had dinner here last night and everything was great. Had the beet salad, seafood soup, ahi tuna, kobe skirt steak, bread pudding. Service was prompt but not over the top. It's a little out of the way but definitely worth the trip especially if you're one looking to escape the strip (like me!). The restaurant was pretty empty for dinner and half of the restaurant was shut down which was pretty sad because it's a really great meal. Get the word out!
5	We have been on a dining quest - we live in Las Vegas and hate to go to the strip - overpriced, touristy, and too too crowded.  In our quest, we tried Todd's, which is very close to our home and which we had, embarrassingly, managed overlook for a long time.This is what I would call the quintessential romantic restaurant - small and intimate, perfect food, out of the way and kind of a local secret.  I could see "popping the question" here - it is the kind of place that you would be calling "our" place even if you hadn't experienced a proposal there.My husband had the steak, I had fish, friends made other choices - all were perfect, great portions, great staff, everything the way you picture in your mind that a great little place should be.  Todd used to be a chef at some other major restaurant and now has this little place where he can food-riff all he wants.  Think of the mental picture you get from that sentence, then go - you will get exactly what you anticipated - personal service, great food, nice atmosphere.  Local favorite.  MAKE RESERVATIONS!
5	Had a wonderful "off strip" dining experience at Todd's.  Our friend is a pal of the owner so we were set up with a sampling of many of the apps on the menu - YUM!  They were so well prepared and flavorful - I'd go in just for apps and drinks.  We had dinner though too - which was fanulous.  I had scallops which were phenomenal.  Definitely a place I'd go to regularly if I lived in Vegas and one I hope to go to again on a future trip.
5	Very much a locals place. You will not be blown away by the 80's decor but Todd cooks nightly (take that strip chefs) and lets his food do the talking. He keeps the menu fresh and works hard at retaining customers through excellent food and great wait staff.  The wine dinners are an excellent value.
3	Tried Todd's on a recent visit to Henderson, and although our hopes were high we were generally underwhelmed.  The decor is extremely dated and unappealing and the booths were surprisingly uncomfortable.  So much so that it actually put a damper on the evening.Although the appetizers, salad and desserts we tried were nothing to write home about, the entrees were excellent, as previous reviewers have stated.  The signature dish Flank Steak "on fire" was decadent and extremely flavorful (almost too much so), and was truly "unique." The sea bass with artichokes was an excellent dish, although ours was slightly overcooked.  The wait staff was excellent and helpful in righting this error with complimentary desserts.   Although this is an interesting place it was not good enough to return to, especially at around $30 per entree.
2	As you walk in the smell is delicious. The appetizers and main dishes were tasty and correctly proportioned for a pleasant experience that didn't overwhelm.It was very unfortunate that our dessert (a mousse with a sponge base) had picked up some mold (yes - blue mold on the base). We alerted the kitchen to this fact only to be told that it was not mold but chocolate powder and flour. I don't know why they felt the need to deny the extremely characteristic smell/taste/color - perhaps they were afraid of a health inspection. At least they comp'ed the dessert.We left insulted and disappointed for that single unfortunate event.
5	Great seafood & steaks.  Great value for the quality of food.  Sign up for their newsletter & you will get coupons & updates on wine dinners (which are fabulous).
4	This is a great place for dinner in the Henderson area, The only thing keeping me from a five star rating is the booths. they are very uncomfortable. But , the food is fantastic. It seems that Todd does fish dishes the best. And the menu always is changing.
3	I really like the purpose and local community focus of this restaurant and its neighborhood fine dining focus.  I also really like that they are community contributors, providing services for local non-profits and their customers.I have been to Todd's several times (about 1 month ago was my most recent visit.)I found the food in general to be well prepared, with generous servings.  However, I found the food to also be mildly seasoned, which did not provide the depth of flavor I hope for when dining in a finer restaurant.  For example, the short rib entree I had was a very large portion, and very well cooked and tender.  However, it had a somewhat bland flavor in my opinion.  This had also been my experience in the past with an ahi entree.  The caesar salad I had was also relatively mild and unremarkable - I typically like a caesar salad at a better restaurant with whole or large fresh piece of romaine, a good portion of anchovy, and fresh large croutons, with the salad well dressed.  This salad was little cut-up pieces of romaine, and just was not prepared in any remarkable way - seemed like a prepared in advance and chilled item that was bland and uninteresting.The only outlier in my meals has been the 'Steak On-Fire' entree, which was cooked well, and had a well seasoned and spicy sauce.  I could have lived without the chili cheese fries on the side - messy, overproportioned, and texture was kind of soft/undistinguished based on a variety of ingredients with a similar texture.Booths are also pretty uncomfortable - these need to be upgraded (too vertical, not enough cushion - just not a very natural seating position for dining).Again - I think Todd's is an important restaurant in this neighborhood, especially in that shopping area which is currently seeing difficult times - I just think they need to season their food better and be a little more consistent in the design, preparation and elements of this food.  I would really like to ultimately see this as a 4-5 star review.
4	I've eaten here a couple of times, and each time the dining room was packed.  We overdid it a little bit on our last visit, two covers coming to about 250 with the tip, but the experience was great.  Our food and server were excellent.  Todd came out towards the end of our meal and chatted us up, letting us know about his menu and some upcoming events.  Great off-strip locals dining if you are willing to set aside the dated decor and focus on the food and service.
3	We were in town for Thanksgiving and staying off the strip for a change so I wanted to use that as an opportunity to try a good local's place. Did some quick research on my phone and I was reminded of Todd's and that I've been wanting to try it for a while. The place is in some random strip mall as many Vegas places are. Nothing too impressive about that or the decor. As people mentioned earlier, it is a little old school 80s but it didn't really bother me too much. It was definitely pretty packed for a Saturday night. We ordered the much hyped goat cheese won-tons to start. They were pretty good but honestly not as unique as I was thinking they would be. I'm a huge goat cheese fan but these honestly didn't taste too different than regular cream cheese won-tons I've had at other places. Its been a few months now so I can't remember too clearly what I ordered but I believe it was some type of fish. I know I cleaned my plate and it was good but nothing too memorable. Same reaction for dessert. That being said, the service here was great. Todd is always there working as the chef which is very rare in strip restaurants. His wife was our server and she was very friendly, telling us the story of how Todd started the restaurant and all the places he worked before. We definitely appreciated this personal touch. All in all, this wasn't a bad dining experience however it didn't really live up to my expectations. Perhaps its because I've had such great experiences at other off strip Vegas dining spots such as Firefly and Grimaldi's. If I lived in Henderson, perhaps I would go to this place again. I might even hit it up if I'm in the area. However since I wasn't blown away, I think next time I have the chance to dine off strip I might use the opportunity to go somewhere I haven't tried.
5	This is one of those dining experiences that makes you completely rethink what you put in your body on a daily basis and how the most simple menus and ingredients in the right combination can make all the difference in the world. This was, by far, the best dining experience I have ever had in my entire life - so much so that I feel like I should downgrade every other review I have ever made on Yelp by a star or two because this restaurant has blown them all out of the water.My friend and I walked in about 10 minutes before our reservation, and the hostess told us it would be about 5 minutes to get a table, so we cozied up to the bar. The bartender showed us the specialty drinks and I ordered a raspberry lemon drop which was the perfect blend of sour-sweet. Right after I ordered the hostess came up to us and told us our table was ready. Grabbed our drinks and added them to our table tab. Sat down and was greeted by our waiter who told us the house specials. When I asked him if a certain soup was vegetarian he said no, but told me he would ask the chef if he would make a special vegetarian dish for me for my entree. We also came specifically for the edamame that was posted on the site but was not on the menu, but our waiter left us for a moment and came back letting us know that both of those items would be up for ordering - actually, he told us he asked Todd if those items were available. Spectacular. Todd's has a small menu but they have a small menu for a reason: these items are made to perfection. When you specialize in something, you try to make them right and not go overboard which a lot of restaurants have forgotten to do. Appetizers:Edamame with truffle oil: TO DIE FOR. So good, so tantalizing, just made so well. Definitely a tie for best edamame I've ever had with Kabuki's garlic edamame. Delicious.Cream cheese wontons: AHHHHH. SO GOOD. They are set on top of some red and white sauce that is just too yummy. Crunchy with a creamy center, an absolute delicacy. At this point I also ordered a glass of Merlot which was nice and robust and went well with my vegetables.Caesar salad: I have eaten probably a thousand Caesar salads in my lifetime and this one is top three for sure. A large piece of thin, crunchy Parmesan tops this light-tasting Caesar salad with a perfect blend of spices with fresh ground pepper. Ahhhhmazing. Main course: vegetarian entree with mashed potatoes, asparagus, tomato halves topped with herb breadcrumbs (I exclaimed throughout the meal, "These are NOT tomatoes! They are goddess fruit!") carrots, snap peas, and cabbage with coriander and cumin. The only thing I did not care for was the cabbage but that's because I'm not a cabbage fan. But everything else - heaven. Before tonight I have actually never had asparagus but it was so good!My friend ordered the veal (of course he had to order the most politically incorrect thing on the menu in order to counteract my vegetarianism :P) but it came with a pasta dish that was out of this world. Cooked perfectly with the right spices and flavors to make it just right. He didn't finish that part, but I did! :DAlthough I was ridiculously full at this point as was my friend, we still ordered dessert, and we both had a creme brulee with fresh fruit - a strawberry, blueberries, a raspberry, and a slice of kiwi. Crunchy top, fresh fruit, and creamy goodness underneath. A perfect end to the meal.I don't know what the bill came out to be but even if I was the one paying, it would have been totally worth it. The presentation of the food was beautiful, the service was top-notch (any questions we had for our waiter were answered, he was very knowledgeable about the food, and he was a freakin' ninja with refilling our water - my friend and I didn't even realize he had reached across the table to refill them), and the food was phenomenal. Simple yet succulent ingredients and very fresh produce made it all an unforgettable experience. Every thing I put in my mouth was a surprise - it looked like the food I have come to know and love, but tasted better than I could have imagined. The last time I truly ate this well was when I had a personal chef cater to my gastronomical needs. This place is pricey, but worth every penny. If I love anything, it is to eat, and when I eat I want it to be good, and this meal was terrific beyond my wildest dreams. The drinks, the food, the service, the atmosphere - everything was top notch and I cannot wait to come back here again. All my friend and I could talk about after dinner was dinner, and we could only speak in hand movements and yummy sounds ;) In one word: perfection. Compliments to the chef!
4	one of the best neighborhood gems anywhere - and I've lived in SF and LA...gotta try the goat cheese won tons to start and go from there...decent wine list, killer appetizers and entrees (scallops are my favorite)...They do first rate seafood but does lamb chops and steaks as good or better than anywhere...dining room is a bit odd and decor is mediocre but the food is the star here so who cares...if you plan on going on a weekend night or any special occasion make reservations...plus they usually are running behind...just a tip don't get a booth - they are uncomfortable.  If they ever change out the decor and seating they get 5-stars.
5	Worth every penny and it's not over priced like the strip restaurants. If you are visiting  LV, step away from the slot machine and see how well the locals eat!  This place doesn't look like much from the outside but the food is top notch and service is spot on!  Enjoy Todd's before the secret gets out and you can't get a table.
5	i think this is my favorite restaurant in the state of nevada i only ate here 2 times in the last year and a half but it's  vary good  and Unique i love the skirt steak and fries i did have some disappointing soup one time but  i really  like this restaurant i wish it wasn't so far away  i Can't wait to go again.
4	Came here during Las Vegas Restaurant Week 2010 (which runs through Sunday Sept 5th).  This was our second visit to Todd's and enjoyed it as much as the first visit!Let me say that for $30.10/pp for a 3-course pre-fixe (only this week) - run, don't walk, to take advantage of this steal of a meal!The bf was afraid that the portion sizes would be small and no way were they.  He had the Grumpy Salad (blue cheese, onion, tomato, iceberg) and loved it!  I had the Caesar and it was great, not too heavy.  Next I had the chicken marsala with these great buttery noodles with course black pepper, which really should be a regular item.  He had the beef (filet) tournados with a green peppercorn sauce with fries and cleaned his plate.  For dessert, they had 3 choices - I shared my sorbet and he cleaned up his chocolate soufle.Besides a great meal, we shared a wondeful bottle of wine at a very reasonable price!  Great service - great meal.  Restaurant Week is a nice way to visit your current favorite or next favorite restaurant all while a proceed is donated to a nice charity.http://www.threesquare.org/events/event-calendar/restaurant-week/
5	My family has been going to Todd's since they opened.  When I lived in Vegas, I would send all of my nightclub clients there when they were looking for some of the best dining in town.  Now that I live in California and STILL send anyone headed to Vegas there!   Todd's keeps an awesome menu with a great rotation on specials, and the wine list is superb.  Speaking of, you won't find better wine dinners in town, nor a more flexible menu to work with your wines.  The corkage fee is beyond reasonable, and they even waive it on Wednesdays (call to make sure this is still the case).   Of all the restaurant's in town, Todd's is the best for any oenophile on or off the strip.  There might not be a 5-story high wine cellar that requires repelling to pull a half-century aged chateauneuf-du-pape, but if you want great food that goes with great wine, all presented with great service, Todd's is the spot.
4	We had a very good dinner there.  The wine list is nicely varied, although one wine we ordered was replaced with a different vintage to which the waiter responded with a shrug.  The portions were quite large and the flank steak was delicious, although it burns off your taste buds, so you can't really taste anything else.  The waiter was knowledgable and friendly, and not cranky even though we stayed for hours.  It was a fun night.
5	Located on Sunset Road just a few blocks from where we live in Henderson, Todd's Unique Dining is an oasis of excellence in the desert of chain-restaurant mediocrity at this end of the Las Vegas valley. They specialize in steak and seafood, with an ever-changing menu that focuses on seasonal freshness and strong technique to create some really wonderful dishes.The staff is friendly and attentive, with a thorough knowledge of their menu and drink selections.The decor at Todd's Unique Dining is simple, straightforward, and elegant. I wouldn't call it bland, because every detail speaks of craftsmanship, but it doesn't draw attention to itself. Nor does it detract from the overall experience. Like everything at Todd's Unique Dining, it strikes a perfect balance on the palate.Always order the night's special, which on my latest visit was the Guadalajara Hanger Steak, served medium rare. Marinated with a tangy blend of spices and grilled with a deft touch that created a crunchy, flavorful crust while keeping the center of the steak moist and juicy with just the right amount of chewiness, this steak was beefy perfection.It was accompanied by a generous helping of polenta that had been seasoned with green onions and lashings of sriracha that gave the creamy side-dish real bite while still allowing it to fulfill its function as a sop for those precious drippings from the steak.My date had Todd's pork tenderloin with granny smith apple glaze. It's an elegant version of a favorite comfort food, with the moist pork seasoned very nicely and the glaze adding a nice note of tart sweetness. Her mashed potatoes came laced with caramelized onions, adding another layer of sweetness, though this was leavened somewhat by the tang of the onion. A lesser chef could have cooked those onions to near tastelessness or left them too raw and biting, but, as you've probably gathered, Todd knows what he's doing.Dessert was a shared apple cobbler. The cobbler was, of course, delicious with a thick, brown-sugar crust that quickly quieted my normally-raging sweet tooth. But the real coup de grace of this dish was the scoop of homemade cinnamon gelato that topped it. It was very nearly too much, but we couldn't resist. We descended on it like we hadn't eaten all day.In all, a really wonderful evening. We'll be visiting again.
5	We first tried this place for the $30 restaurant week meal. The service was the best service I've ever had anywhere in Las Vegas and the food was great, but not without flaws here and there. We both enjoyed grumpy's salad (like a wedge salad but already chopped up for you!) and my trout was spectacular. My husband got the steak and it was pretty bad - chewy and nothing special. Dessert was beautifully presented and tasty (a chocolate flourless cake if memory serves). Overall a 4, but not a 5 star dinner. It was $30, however, and it WAS restaurant week, so I went back a few weeks ago determined to have the 5 star evening I was determined Todd's could deliver! Todd's had sent out an email about how they were one of a few restaurants to get one of the first early shipments of King Crabs this year. I'm a huge crab freak, so I was more than eager to try them. They were sold in 2 or 3 lb dinners at market price ($65ish if memory serves). My husband and I shared this and it was TONS of crab. My husband's family is from Maryland my family is from New Orleans so we're pretty big on crab. Most of the buffet crabs here I find pretty disgusting, and I was eager to have a crab dinner that lived up to my standards! The crab here was phenomenal. I've had king crab many times before but this was by far the best I'd ever had. This crab was fresh off the boat (just 2 days before!) and had never been frozen. Flavor and texture was flawless. I never thought I'd eat the best crab in my life in freaking Henderson, NV, but this happens to be the case !Other than the mediocre steak during restaurant week, everything about this place has been flawless over our 2 visits. The decor is very dated, but the service and food more than make up for it!
5	We stayed in Henderson at the M Hotel for the first time and decided to try someting off strip.  We were very glad we made this decision.  It was by far our best meal in vegas.   Outstanding service, presentation and taste.  Don't let the location and the basic initial appearance of the place cause you to second guess this place -- OUTSTANDING.We had the Steak with Black Bean Chili sauce and fries -- very spicy and very good.  Also had Sea Bass with jalapeno mashed potatoes and that was wonderful too.  The Won Ton and Dumpling appetizers were fantastic as was the "Grumpy" salad.   We were rushed a little to get to a show and didnt get to stay for the final dessert but they had a cobbler and some bread pudding that sounded great.Todd even came out and greeted us and we very friendly and down to earth.  Appreciated his personal touch.  Highly recommend this place!!!!!!!!
4	We left the zipline at Bootleg Canyon very hungry in the early evening for some dinner in Boulder City. We looked online for a place nearby that served seasonal local ingredients in their cooking,  We  found great reviews online for Todd's.  It was a cozy little restaurant, nicely decorated with generally good food. Two people in our party ordered the marinated skirt steak with chili cheese fries, It was very tasty and spicy. Our daughter who is gluten free enjoyed the Duck very much and even found a delicious flourless chocolate cake for dessert.  I had the Sea Bass and it was very tasty with a delicious sauce.  The long island iced tea was made just right for my husband.  I tried a Spanish pinot noir which was good enough for 2 glasses.  The service was very good and all in all it was a good Off the Vegas Strip meal, so much more reasonable.
4	It's around the corner from our house, and the outside is pretty plain. So we were skeptical at first... until we opened the door. Inside was small, 2 separated dining area, christmas songs were playing back to back on the radio, and it looked cozy. Friendly hostesses and waiters welcomed us, and brought us the menu of the day. It seems like the menu changes daily? We ordered Cioppino which was soup of the day, fried calamari, fish (I forgot what it was, it was dish of the day), and short ribs. We loved the way chef uses his spices and herbs... Every dish was truly UNIQUE, delicious, plenty to share, and reasonably priced. We'd definitely repeat.
3	There was much hype to this restaurant from friends and reviews and I looked forward to eating at Todd's with friends.Decor and presentation of all the foods were great!  Hubby ordered the short ribs and I the sea bass with the Ahi Tuna tartar as the appetizer...desert was the wonderful bread pudding.Waiter and service was great, too!My friends and hubby would probably give Todd's 4 stars.  If I knew how to put 1/2 a star, I would rate it 3.5 stars.The problem?  The Sea Bass was overcooked and dry.  I did not like it at all.  I would probably go back and give them another try.  I know hubby would go again...
4	This was our first time to Todd's and we will definitely be back.  We love places off the beaten path that have amazing food and worth the drive, thus came finding Todd's.I stumbled across it using Open Table (I won't go to any restaurant in Vegas with out reservations).  The menu looked amazing, my kind of food, and seemed worth the 8 mile drive from the strip.  The restaurant is located in Henderson/Green Valley, and very unassuming.  It would not have been a place I would have even considered had it not been for open table and Yelp reviews.  You may miss it as you drive by.   The decor was ok, very homey feeling, room for about 80 or so diners, with a very nice full bar with seating for another 8 or so.We were sat immediately in a booth (most of the restaurant is booths, a couple tables, the one adjacent to us was reserved for a large party).  Our waiter greeted us and gave us a great introduction to the menu.  The menu is printed daily with several daily specials, seasonal specials, and a few regular items that are Todd's Signature items.  We thought we would do a mix of a few of each.Bread arrived, and it was fantastic. A great focaccia and sweet cranberry bread that was wonderful. We ordered 2 appetizers.  Their signature Goat Cheese won tons were amazing.  They were the right combination of goat cheese and cream cheese and spices. They were perfectly fried and sitting on a raspberry gastrique swirled with creme fraiche, topped with 3 kinds of sesame seeds and a small amount of fresh basil. OMG YUM!  I also got a glass of Prosecco to go with my appetizers and this matched very well with these.Our second app was Lobster stuffed mushrooms. Brown mushroom caps that were perfectly cooked and stuffed with lobster. They were served in a small skillet with a small gravy/butter sauce.  There were 8-10 mushrooms which were plenty, we were actually surprised how many we got.Our second course we did a soup and salad.  I got the Grumpys salad which was like an iceberg wedge that was chopped for you.  The dressing was awesome, the perfect amount of blue cheese, delicious grape tomatoes, and a sprinkle of fresh chives. I didn't know you could make a wedge salad so amazing.  My husband got the special soup of the night which was a mushroom soup with creme fraiche on top.  It tasted like blended fresh mushrooms.  It was definitely not a heavy cream of mushroom soup, but actually nice and light and was fantastic. For entrees, I got the Signature Short rib. WOW... I won on this one. It was a baseball sized cut of short rib that was perfectly cooked.  It was almost like a pot roast. Super flavorful, tender and moist.  It was sitting on mashed potatoes that were superb all surrounded by a sauce/gravy that was out of this world.  You could taste the love in this dish. My husband got the special of the night which was a seafood risotto. It was just ok.  Honestly, and this is weird to say, there was too much seafood in it, we would have like to have had more of the risotto.  The seafood was good, scallops, mexican sea bass, lobster, and crab, but it was almost overwhelming.  There were also a couple small pieces of shell in the risotto. The flavor was good but it was just not to the level that the short rib was.For dessert we got the creme brulee which was fantastic.  A very creamy vanilla custard with a perfect sugar crust on top.  Everything that I love about a great creme brulee.When I went to the bathroom, you can see into the kitchen and you can actually see Todd back there cooking.  I commented to the waiter that this was something that I love.  Many of the celebrity chefs on the Strip just have their name on the entrance and may have helped design the menu but thats about it.  Todd is cooking back there which is something I really appreciate.  As I said before, you can taste the love in his food. The food was also reasonably priced, we would have paid at least 50% more for this food at a Strip restaurant in a major hotel.  I also liked that the restaurant was packed on a Wednesday night, packed with locals, and filled with many repeat customers. I will definitely make a return trip to Todd's on our next Vegas trip.  I think I would have like to have ordered 1 or two more appetizers and just split the entree.  I like more Tapas style dining and the selection of appetizers and salads would make this perfect at Todd's.  I knocked the star off their rating for two reasons: 1 - the shells in my husbands seafood risotto and 2- the booth was a little tight/uncomfortable, I think it may have actually been that booth, it seemed a touch smaller than the rest. Our waiter said that Todd will usually come out to talk to the patrons, especially first time diners, but he was pretty busy in the kitchen (like I said, restaurant was packed).  He also gave us a tip that on Wednesdays there is no corkage fee for up to two bottles.
1	What a terrible restaurant! Between the awful decor, food that might have been impressive in the 80's and the sense of strange entitlement from the service staff will make me stay away, FOREVER!. This weird sports bar dive, across the street form a KFC mind you, was not only dated and uninspired but dirty. If you are able to get past the slop on your plates, stay out of the restrooms, and probably the kitchen for that matter. The big blonde older waitress was the cherry on top for our evening. She talked down to everyone around her, including us, ordered people around and seemed pushy and uninterested in the matter at hand, us. I've never been around such a disrespectful group of staff before nor will I ever again! Save yourself the time and money on the over-priced food, but if you want a good laugh, pop in for a to go menu and you'll see what I mean.
5	It's been a year since visiting Todd's but I was not disappointed. The Duck was absolutely perfectly prepared and presented. My guest chose Trout which was light and tasty. Truly a wonderful meal presented by attentive and knowledgeable staff. A real jewel in this city of over the top.
4	Great place hidden in small strip.  Real local joint, though there is no doubt lots of locals have no idea this is here!!!
5	I'm verbose, I'm loquacious, I word-smith for a living yet I do not have verbiage sufficient to describe the cavalcade of wondrous flavors I experienced a few nights ago on my first visit to Todd's.I think the theme for the evening would have to be Surprise. You don't expect this gem to be hidden in a strip mall among chain restaurants and nail salons. When you walk in and see the simple, clean, small (the marketer in me wants to say "intimate") dining room, you don't expect the food to come out plated like a showpiece from the Food Network. And when you see the (relatively) moderate prices on the menu, you certainly don't expect a 5-star dining experience. Yet in each of these assumptions I was surprised - pleasantly surprised. From the signature Asian dumplings, to the seafood chowder, then a plate of sea scallops that left me perfectly satisfied yet desperately craving three more portions - just for the flavor - I could not have asked for more. Then came the dessert menu!  We opted for a pineapple-apple cobbler with a cinnamon gelato topping. Again, as was par for the evening, the flavors were sumptuous  - a perfectly balanced mix of rich dark seasonings and bright fruity sugars.  My wife and I both enjoyed our 4-course meal immensely and got out for under $100... can't complain about that. We went two days ago, and are already looking for an excuse to go back. St. Patrick's Day maybe?
5	We like to dine at Todd's on special occasions, therefore we try to invent some additional special occasions. We love the food and dining experience and will continue to dine with them.I usually get the grilled skirt steak with the chili cheese fries and black bean sauce, which is incredible. The Kobe steak is to die for and who can pass up the goat cheese wantons??? We also dined during a food and wine event, which was an incredible evening with wineries and each coarse was pared with the various wines.The atmosphere is cozy. Don't let the "dated" comments scare you. The place is clean and kept up nicely. The food is great and I can't wait to go back!
4	Brought my boyfriend here for his birthday. It was delightful. The calamari Ricardo was great. We split a Caesar...no. Our salad was elf sized.i It was good, just EXTREMELY small so for eight bucks I would higly advise against it.. His skirt steak was great and the fries were phenomenal.I got barramundi in caviar sauce with cous cous.  It was beautiful and had the best texture mix I've ever had. They brought out a todd-a-misu for his birthday which was awesome, and we also ordered bread pudding. Excellent. Ive seen others talk about uncomfortable seats and I was afraid, but they must have done some renovating because our booth was way comfortable.
5	Food was excellent and eccentric!  Will definitely come back when I'm back in town.
4	WINNING! Charlie may talk about it, but Todd pulls it off. Stopped by for the first time on my last trip to Vegas. Loved the rustic ambiance which was in sharp contrast to the strip mall Todd's is located in. After drinking some Tiger Blood, I mean red wine, my lady friend and I enjoyed a pretty tasty meal. The salad was good. The lobster special was sinfully delicious. The bread pudding was om nom nom nom. The only disappointing thing for me was the amount of fat on the skirt steak. I don't normally order skirt steaks, so maybe it's always that fatty? Not sure. I did, however, enjoy the sauce on the steak. Last but not least, our server was friendly and informative...just the way it should be. Till next time!
5	My husband & I went here on a Tuesday night around 7pm, and the place was PACKED. We didn't have a reservation so we had to sit at the bar. I took this to be a really good indication of the food.The restaurant itself seemed to be in an odd location. Sort of in a strip mall. So, nothing flashy about it, but looks can be SO decieving!!!The service is some of the absolute BEST I have ever seen. Every single person that passed us while we were waiting to be seated asked if we had been helped. And, since we ended up sitting at the bar, we got to see that Mark (the bartender) knew many of the patrons by name as well as their "usual" orders. I thought that was pretty impressive!So, the food. I ordered a teryaki halibut whic came with coconut rice & baby bok choy. I asked to sub the bok choy for mashed sweet potato & they mixed it up and sub'd the rice instead. I was a little sad about missing out on the rice because I had been looking forward to trying it, but I didn't have them correct it. The fish, was OUTSTANDING!! It was a good size portion, cooked perfectly, great flavor. Hands down one of my top 10 meals EVER.My husband had the "steak on fire" which was skirt steak marinated in various peppers & served with fries. I didn't try it since I am not into spicy, but he loved it.I had a cantaloupe martini which was awesome. For these 2 dishes & drink (along w/ soda & iced tea) came to about $80...and worth EVERY penny!!CHECK OUT TODD'S!!!
5	We met our friends in Henderson's, and they took us to Todd's.  Evidently, this is one of the hidden gems that LV celebrities and chefs go to after hours.  It is a chef's choice.  Well, without going into too much gushing, IT WAS FANTASTIC.The place is somewhate hard to find even with a GPS.  We overshot the shopping center a couple times before finding it.  It's not really big and in the middle of a shopping center.  We were seated right away, and provided with a basket of the most delicious bread and dipping sauce that they were featuring that night.  After settling in, the server proceeded to describe the restaurant philosophy and the specials.  Very knowledgeable server - knew the preparations well!I had the smoked steelhead with endive to start, and Hubby went for beet sald.  Our friends ordered Ahi tuna tartar and dungeness crab cake.  We all shared - a couple bites each.  An excellent start to the dinner.  The chef features whatever he gets fresh that day.  We went for the seared scallops, Todd's meatloaf, skirt steak and halibut.  All four dishes were excellent and yes, the meatloaf was the best item.  Can't beat this comfort item which was prepared simply, basically...perfectly.  I regret I couldn't get any pictures because the place was rather dark.We are definitely adding this to our must go places when we decide to drop a donation off at our favorite casinos!
4	John Curtas' pick for best on the East side... need I say more?  Okay, it behooves any foodie to try Todd's if you have any integrity.  It is a delightful joint with an honest and talented chef in the kitch...check it out and enjoy!
4	Great entrees. Creme brulee was overcooked so they took it off our bill. Dinner took 2 hours..it took a long time for them just to take our order. Wine list is not that great. The short rib was melt in your mouth good and the fries with the skirt steak on fire were awesome!
3	So, last night we went to Todd's to celebrate my birthday.. and two words totally pulled me there, Unique & Eclectic.Both appetizers arrived at the same time, the dumplings and the goat cheese wontons.  The dumplings were.. fantastic.  Probably the best dumplings I've ever had, I ate my first one without having even tried the dipping sauce.  Perfect amount of crunch, caramelization, flavor, texture, etc.. just fantastic.  The wontons, however, were another story.  I liked it somewhat, but it was a bit too tangy overall.  And.. I love tangy.  It was just overwhelmingly tangy/sour and I wasn't able to eat more than two of them, which was a shame because hubby couldn't stand it at all so those went to waste (and I usually count on him making up for my minimalist eating).  So, one total winner and one that could have been great but was needing some tweaking to be a winner.Then the caesar salads arrived.. we both loved it (and the dressing was tangy).  So far, we've got 4 woohoos, one meh, and one yuck.. pretty good rating, overall.Then.. the entrees.  First, hubby's veal schnitzel meal.. the schnitzel was prepared well, the potato salad was warm & vinegary, the glazed carrots had absolutely no flavor anywhere, and the red cabbage was wonderfully flavored with curry.  Unfortunately, the lemon butter sauce for the schnitzel was poured all over it and, since he's already been overwhelmed with so much tanginess in the dinner, he's rather sick of it.  His favorite part of the dinner was the curried red cabbage, since there was no tanginess whatsoever and his palate needed a reprieve.  So... since it all has to count to one vote, I'm going to have to give this one a meh from each of us.I had the scallops, and there were plenty of them on my plate and served with a wonderful sauce that complemented their flavor nicely.  However, and this was important to me.. there was a lot of sand in the scallops.  Nothing is more off-putting than biting into what is supposed to be tender creaminess and getting lots of "crunch" that also tells me that these scallops were NOT cleaned properly, if at all.  They were seared nicely and the sauce was excellent, and the accompanying mushroom potatoes were okay (actually kinda forgot to eat more than one bite of these before I shoved the plate away in disgust).  My vote, with everything good being wiped out by the disgust of the sand, is yuck.. and hubby agreed, so two.When the waitress asked about them, I told her about the sand.. another woman came by to ask about them and I repeated it.  I'm assuming she was the head waitress or manager confirming that there was a complaint, they didn't really explain.  Nothing said or offered, she leaves.Our creme brulee's arrived, they were excellent.. though I'll admit that I would have liked the strawberry to have been trimmed to make it edible instead of the greens left on for decoration.  Two woohoos for this.The bill arrives.. there was no adjustment for an inedible entree.  I didn't insist on it, but I'll admit that I do judge a place on good or bad handling of complaints.  They failed that one.So, overall... 6 woohoos, 3 mehs, and 3 yucks.. thus the middlin' star rating.  And no, we won't be back.
4	For Henderson....it's a great restaurant...for Las Vegas, it's "okay".As for decor and ambiance, I'm not a fan.  The booths have 1980's upholstery and the general layout is a little too boring for me. But I'm reviewing the food, not the decor.Started with the Goat Cheese Wontons....absolutely incredible dish, I wanted to order 3 more orders!Moved then to a Watermelon Salad, drizzled in lime sauch and cheese crumples...very nice and light, perfect amount before diving into the main course.Short Ribs....very nicely done with great sauce.  Meat fell apart at the touch of the fork.Also had the scallops, to which I was actually NOT a fan of...a little too simple and plain...didn't spark my tastebuds as much as the other items ordered.Service was genuine, but a little backed up due to the dinner rush.  Having 2 servers cover 16 tables is very difficult, but they managed it well.All in all, I will certainly return and try some more dishes.
5	It needs to be said.  This place looks like your grandma's tacky vacation home.  But if you can get past the terrible decor and less than stellar atmosphere, the food is really, really good.  Probably 4.5 stars, but I'm feeling generous!  Started with the calamari and grumpy's salad.  Both were solid.  For my entree, I had the Ahi tuna with wasabi mashed potatoes.  Holy awesome ahi.  This was so good.  The tuna was cooked perfectly.  The potatoes were creamy with just the right amount of wasabi.  The price of this culinary suprise was a welcome change from the exorbitant prices you find on the strip.  I rarely venture out into Henderson anymore, but I may make the trip more frequently for Todd's.  Seriously though, the color scheme has got to go.
5	I can't believe it took me so many years to try Todd's.  I missed out!  Though the hubby and I are making up for lost time by patronizing Todd's on a frequent basis.Let's talk about the food.  The appetizers and salads.  The hubby has tried the ahi tuna tartar, Dungeness crab cake, and Grumpy's salad.  He's mentioned their good but not exactly what he was expecting.  I always order their caesar salad to start out.  It is delicious!  It's not the typical caesar because the dressing is a white balsamic/caesar dressing--it gives it a great flavor!  For entrees, I'll preface that I was NOT a short rib fan, until I tried Todd's.  Just go to their website toddsunique.com and watch the video for the short ribs, and you'll want to try them too.  The meat is so moist and falls apart upon it's first touch with the fork.  The gravy is succulent, with bits of carrot and onion.  Underneath it all, there's the jalapeno mashed potatoes (I get them w/out jalapenos) which carry a nice zest to the plate.  I've also tried their filet mignon, magnificent!  It is served with a complimenting cabernet/blue cheese sauce and a few grilled veggies.  As I mentioned before I do not eat things that have crawled/perched/swam around in the water, so I'll relay what the hubby said about the seared scallops.  "They were perfectly cooked," "some of the best scallops I've ever had."  The hubby has also had their shrimp risotto, and said it was very good and rich.  Overall, I might classify Todd's style of food as "American Fusion Comfort Food."Desserts are pretty darn good here too, so leave room!  I'll let you explore the dessert menu on your own!Todd's is a very casual, comfortable, homely, semi-fine dining restaurant.  There is a full bar on the right side of the restaurant, and from what I understand they do run food and drink specials at the bar.  I've noticed most of the clientele seems to be more on the mature side (40s+).  That being said, most of the clientele are repeat customers, therefore I do recommend reservations.  Todd's is nestled in a strip mall on the corner of Sunset & Athenian.
5	Hands down one of the best dining experiences I have ever had! Ryan our server is the best! He was very attentive. If you want top shelf food and I mean top shelf, this is your place. I will always eat here when in Las Vegas! Don't waste you time or money anywhere else. Forget the strip, Todd has what you want and meets all expectations with 5 stars. Thanks to Todd's unique for some delicious food! PS request Ryan as your sever.
5	I've been here 5 times, how did I forget to review it?  Unforgivable!the quick:love love love the food. the food is my master!friendly, courteous and feels like family!very quaint restaurant, good for special occasional or casual upscale dining!Thanks OpenTable for helping find Todd's!  Being off the strip it's hard to come upon this eatery at random.Todd's Skirt Steak & Black Bean Chili Fries.  This is all that needs to be said. Get it. It's good, so very good.I stacked my friends and brought them out here as well and everyone was quite happy with what they ordered.  The menu changes from season to season so it's difficult to say what is great to have but the skirt steak is a staple of his menu.  Other items I recall having are wasabi mash which is quite tasty and the ahi tuna tar tar, which is served on crispy rice squares.  Very good as well.Todd's isn't the least expensive option available to you but the food is top notch for what you pay.  I've always been happy when I left.  Thanks for great food and great service!
5	I find Todd's UDR very sexy.  It just feels like it.  Very intimate and romantic.  The food portions are small but very good.  They serve really good wine.
4	Let me say that while my main course at Todd's was the best I had during my recent Vegas vacation, the dining experience was not without disappointments. The first negative experience of the evening was the rubbery calamari that was part of our fried calamari and rock shrimp appetizer. The spicy aioli sauce could have used more spice, but that would not have made up for the rubbery calamari. The rock shrimp were tender and delicious, making the calamari even more disappointing. The dessert menu was another let down for a restaurant with unique in the name. We wanted to get excited for a dessert, but my date and I did not see anything that spoke to us. Now for the positive. My Ahi Tuna with Wasabi mashed potatoes was divine. The soy garlic butter sauce perfectly complemented the exceptionally prepared tuna and fabulous Wasabi mashed potatoes. Todd's masterful Ahi Tuna is the reason I'm giving them four stars. I'll definitely be back again for the tuna, but I think I'll try the goat cheese wontons instead of the calamari.
2	I've been twice now. The food is good. Nothing spectacular. The wine list is fabulous.I was horrified when I found out that the butter they brought with the bread was not butter, but half-margarine and half-butter. When I go to a gourmet restaurant, I expect real butter. I can't imagine why they would go to the trouble to make a special concoction of butter/margarine whip.  Margarine is just a few molecules from plastic. To their credit, when I asked the waiter to bring out real butter, he did. The whole margarine thing makes me wonder what else they are doing in the kitchen.With all the other great restaurants in Vegas, I don't see a reason to eat at Todd's. If they nix the margarine, I would go back.
5	My husband and I have been to Todd's at least four times over the last 9months. It is one of our favorite spots to bring friends and family when they come to visit. The food is always excellent, quiet/intimate setting, solid wine selection and very attentive staff.  there are some core items we see on the menu with each visit but others change so there's usually something new we can try. Currently my favorite restaurant in the Vegas area.
5	We found Todd's via the Internet. We were tired of dining on the strip.  Whack, home run. It is an easy drive and easy to navigate to from the strip. My wife had a steel-head trout special and I had very spicy skirt steak.  It used a fair amount of peppers and was hot but not overpowering.   Both were delicious.  The chef is very creative with spicing and presentation.  Also worth the short trip was the "Grumpy's Blue Cheese Iceberg Salad".  Shredded iceberg with onion slices, tomatoes and chunks of blue cheese with a mayonnaise sauce.  The place was packed, so we ended up seated for dinner at the bar.  The other diners were local residents and really spoke highly of the Todd's. We will eat here again on our next trip to Las Vegas.
4	In Henderson for a convention. Tried Todd's and was not disappointed.  I tried the flank steak and fries.  Really cleared my sinuses.My wife enjoyed her salmonAn enjoyable dining experience in an unexpected strip mall location.Make sure to make reservations!!!
5	After listening to friends rave and after reading many 5 star reviews of Todd's Unique Dining we (5 of us) decided it was time we added this place to our monthly dining choices.  We were not disappointed. The food and service are excellent.  Todd bowed to my request to add a couple of his much touted scallops to my pan seared Lake Superior Whitefish.   The scallops deserve all the praise they get, but the star here was the Whitefish flown in fresh from Michigan.   The top was seared to form a crunchy crust that complimented the moist, perfectly done interior.  Thank you Todd.  Three of us ordered the Whitefish and no one left a crumb.  As a former Michigan resident I miss the LS Whitefish.  One of our party ordered a full order of scallops and said they were the best she'd ever had.  Cindy ordered the  melt-in-your-mouth-like-butter Short Ribs.  A large portion, covered in an untensly flavored and delicious gravy. Salads all around except for me, were excellent and fresh.  I chose the Asian Dumplings (potstickers) with dipping sauce.  The dumpligs were small, very tender and sooo very deicious as was the dipping sauce.  Not a complaint from anyone at our table.   Oh and the awesome Watermelon/Jalapeno Martini was over the top.  Bananas Foster for dessert - excellent.   The ambiance is very nice, somewhatt romantic if that's what you're looking for and reservations are strongly recommeded.  Our waitress was quiet, efficient and very polite.  Special thanks to the busser - whose name I didn't get - for taking the photos of our group.
3	We kicked off Spring Restaurant Week with dinner at Todd's Unique. I was told years ago this place is a neighborhood gem and I figured it was about time we gave it a try. We had reservations for a five at 6:30. We arrived a bit early and there was no room at the bar so we went to the Coyote Cafe next door for drinks. They had old school video poker and ice cold Modelo Especial. When we returned to Todd's they prepped our table and we were promptly seated. We made our selections and nibbled on bread while we waited for the first course. Each of us chose the Sweet Corn Ravioli with Chipotle Sauce to start. It was tasty but very rich. For entrees, two orders of Filet Medallions with Wild Mushroom Cabernet were had, one with the lobster tail for $20 supplement. There were also two orders of Prime Rib of Pork with Apple Pan Sauce and Sausage Stuffing. And I had Grilled Steelhead with Meyer Lemon Aioli, and Toasted Cous Cous. I was told the lobster tail was very good, those that had the filet were happy. The pork was decent, but overcooked. My trout seemed to be one of the better choices, I enjoyed it.Majority of us had the Hazelnut Creme Brulee for dessert. Myself included, even though I generally do not like creme brulee. It was the hazelnuts sold me. I did not regret my choice. There was also an order of Vanilla Ice Cream and Butterscotch Pudding which was too sweet for my liking.The food was solid, but nothing blew me away. It doesn't rival options on the strip, but it's good to support the little guy and you can stretch your dollar at Todd's. Long lulls between courses was the weakest link. It was no fault of the wait staff, they were attentive, the kitchen must have been in the weeds. I think they were overwhelmed by the restaurant week crowd. At least, I hope that was the excuse.
3	If given the option, I like to dine off Strip, even during restaurant week. Yes, there are big name chefs with big casinos backing them, but to find a charming restaurants is more difficult. Todd's does hit some positive notes, but overall it was middle of the road. My reservation was for four people at 5:30. Two of us got there early and was told to sit at the bar until the rest of our party came. I had ordered a Joie De Veev. (Is that even how you spell it?) It is a mixture of muddled strawberries, mint, berry vodka, and ginger ale. The drink is refreshing and would be perfect for summer or Vegas winter.When everyone showed up, we were sat and greeted promptly. For appetizers; we started with two Grumpy Salads and two Sweet Corn Raviolis. Nothing wow inducing, but edible. The salad was plain and the sauce for the ravioli was rich with no kick. For entrees; two of us got the prime rib of pork, one steelhead, and one beef medallion. Everyone was happy with these dishes. All of the meats were cooked to perfection. For the dessert course; we ordered the chocolate ice cream, hazelnut creme brulee, salted caramel pudding, and the flourless chocolate cake. My favorite was the salted caramel pudding. It had a nice balance. The creme brulee was underwhelming and was the least favorite for the group.The service was great. It looked like the room worked as a team. We had our waitress, but throughout the meal multiple people stopped by with food, refills and to clear plates. It looked more complex than the basic captain, front waiter, back waiter, food runner combo. Whatever formula it was, it worked.
4	FInally, Restaurant Week gets me to Todd's.  The prix fixe menu had all great options.  If this food was an indication of their regular quality, then I will certainly be back and would readily recommend this venue to anyone.  I like the idea behind changing the menu around weekly.seasonally as ingredients available change.  It's all well thought out and worked around nature.  The food was all prepared well and was delicious.
3	Not really sure what all the fuss is about. The food was fine, but not exceptional by this town, and pricey to boot. Top it off with the "better than you" attitude from the time I called to make the reservation until the time I walked out the door...just not worth it. Like I said, the food was fine, so if I'm out with others adamant on dining at Todd's then I'd come again. As long as they're also paying. I work too hard for my money to spend it at this place.
5	This restaurant is soooo good. This is the place to go for a fine dining type of night. The restaurant is nothing fancy but the food is amazing...
3	Not so unique dining experience indeed.The short: looks like it used to be a Mexican restaurant, service was eh, entrees were tough, disappointing dessert :(. Dined here during Restaurant Week and Todd's definitely seemed to be the place with the most value, it was $30.12 for a 3 course.The night did not start off so well beginning with reservation. Made a reservation Friday 9PM, came a bit early, and didn't get seated until 930PM. Okay no problem you're busy, but I did see empty tables in the dining room. Service was a hit and miss throughout the night, seemed to be a lot of tension between the waitress and the bussers. Started with a Grumpy's salad and a heirloom tomato bisque for appetizers. The tomato bisque was creamy and delicious, but the grumpy's salad was overwhelmed with cheese. For entrees we ordered the beef medallions (medium-rare) and the prime pork ribs. Both equally tough to chew, but had a very nice presentation, accompanying items didn't do much to complement flavor wise though. Lastly the desserts ordered were the hazelnut creme brulee and the salted caramel pudding. Creme brulee was disappointing and lacked the wonderful experience of breaking the torched sugar coat on top. Salted caramel pudding sweetness was overwhelming. All and all, I'm glad I tried it just to have it crossed off my list of to-do's, but considering it was a 30 minute drive, and so-so experience, I will probably not come back.
4	This was our first visit.We had a party of 5 and wanted to get away from the strip.  Service was great very attentive. Food outstanding in taste and presentation.  The wine was a little pricey but good selection.  We will defiantly be back!
3	I'm way behind on my reviews. This one is from Spring Restaurant Week '12. Dining out at any half-decent, upscale place should be relaxing. That wasn't the vibe I got as we entered. It was a madhouse with servers and hostesses running around frantically with overwhelmed and panicked looks on their faces. Granted, it was a Saturday night during restaurant week, but I've seen plenty of places handle the rush much better.The waiting area by the host stand is only large enough for about four people to stand. Any more than that and you'll feel like you're in the way. It's probably best to wait outside if you can.Luckily, the table we were seated at was away from all the commotion. The interior of the restaurant feels dated -- the kind of dark greens and browns that remind me of a cheap hotel.As for the food, it wasn't bad. We both opted for the RW menu, starting off with the sweet corn ravioli, which could have used more sauce and some acidity to cut through the sweetness of it.The filet medallions were a fairly large size, but the quality of the beef was tougher than expected. The roast prime rib of pork was a massive chunk of meat that was as tender as a pork chop could be. The accompanying mashed potatoes were delicious and the cabbage added a welcoming bit of crunch to the meal.The desserts were the highlight of the meal. The flourless chocolate cake was rich and sweet and the perfect size to satisfy your sweet tooth without making you feel like you overindulged. The butterscotch pudding was similar to a budino but wasn't as creamy or silky smooth. After hearing so many good things about this place, my expectations were high. Unfortunately, Todd's Unique Dining wasn't able to meet them. The food was pretty good all the way around, but lacked the wow factor of more acclaimed spots around town. The flavors of most of the dishes were solid, but the presentation looked a little dated. Even compared to other high-end, off the strip restaurants, I'd rate Todd's well below both Marche Bacchus and Vintner Grill.
4	My boyfriend surprised me with dinner to Todd's on Valentine's Day! It was a great surprise and even better food! The service was great and the waitress had made some recommendations for wine pairing and they were all great.  We had a nice intimate table and was a great ending to our night!
4	It was Restaurant Week, and at long last I was slated to step inside Todd's Unique Dining Restaurant and evaluate it for myself.  Our reservations were acknowledged and quickly honored, and not a moment too soon.  For, several parties arrived just after us.  The place was quickly packed with people and frantic servers.  But, initially, ours did not move fast enough.  Although our server said she would get us set with water and bread, she next took orders from an adjoining table of 11 diners instead.  When, after hailing a busser, our bread basket did finally arrive, it contained very good raisin bread but there was nothing special about the white bread.  The ambiance was homey but, as other Yelpers have previously noted, our straightback booth was rather cramped and uncomfortable.  A bowl of Cream of Heirloom Tomato Soup was very good.  Unusual Sweet Corn Ravioli tasted pretty good.  And, Grumpy's Salad turned out to be like a chopped wedge salad.  The medium-rare Filet Medallions I was served were excellent and buttery but very peppery, although I got used to the spice.  The Wild Mushroom Cabernet Sauce ladled under it tasted good.  So did Mashed Potatoes.  While a tomato on my plate was perfectly cooked, lengths of carrot served wild rabbit-style were too hard for my taste and julienned red beets accompanying Roast Prime Rib of Pork with Sausage Stuffing were undercooked.  I found Mexican Squash and Enoki Mushrooms to be pleasant but unremarkable.I thought "Todd's" etched in cocoa powder was a nice visual touch next to a great-tasting Flourless Chocolate Cake with excellent Rasbperry and Vanilla Sauce.  The array of desserts (also Hazelnut Creme Brulee, Salted Butterscotch Pudding with fresh cream, and housemade ice cream) was the highlight of the meal.  While the food did not transport me, it and the overall experience were very good, and a return trip is likely in my future.
3	Todd's Unique Dining, its just like everything else.. we joked.Fortunately it is quite a bit better than that.  It is in a strip mall, so that seems a bit odd and can be a bit of a turn off, but the food was quite good.I ordered the Teriyaki Halibut and was not disappointed with the taste.. But these are "Gourmet" portions, so don't expect to end up with a plateful like Hash House A Go Go or somewhere on the strip.  This doesn't count against them, but it is something to keep in mind.  I honestly wish there had been more rice with my dish, but I had no complaints with the taste.  My friend did get the signature item which seems to be the "Grilled Skirtsteak "ON FIRE"" and it was very good! I would certainly recommend that to anyone who hasn't been here.For dessert the better half and I shared the Nutella Creme Brulee which was tasty, but  our friends got the Chocolate Hazelnut Dome which was delicious.
4	In my opinion, Todd's is worthy of a spot on the strip in a five-star casino, which should say all you need to know.  It is simply a place that doesn't everything well and lives up to relatively high expectations, something that fewer and fewer restaurants seems to do nowadays.  The food, and in particular, the steaks, are outstanding.  What really shines here is the service.  When my parents ate here while on vacation (before I moved to Vegas) they had a late reservation and were stranded at Todd's at closing time when the cab companies were stubborn about driving to Henderson to drive them back to the strip.  The bartender, hostess, and owner stayed after closing while they waiting for a cab to come, and one of the staff even offered to drive them back to their hotel before she went home.
5	Amazing food period.  Service was also exceptional, and the waiter really made his recommendations based on our inputs. We will definitely be regulars.
5	Todd's Unique Dining is one of the few places in Henderson that truly deserves all 5 of those stars.  While entrees are about $25-35 they represent a very good value.  On my first trip we enjoyed an tuna tar tar appetiser, scallops and short rib entrees, a house salad and a blue cheese/onion salad with bannannas foster desert.  Everything was superb and it was clear that all of the ingredients were extremely fresh and high quality.  Preparation was first rate, as was presentation.  We dined at 5pm and it was not crowded, but I bet the service would have been just as excellent it the place was full.It appears that they have a different menu each day of the week.I look forward to becoming a regular at Todd's Unique Dining!  Highly recommend!
4	Yes, a restaurant on Sunset in Henderson that has excellent food and service. Emphasis on excellent food.I have dined at Todd's several times and each time the one page menu has changed to offer various specials and what's in season.My most recent trip here was for dinner before a show. We were a few minutes late for our 7:00pm reservation and were seated right away. [Side note, my phone is notorious for its short battery life so I tend to keep an emergency charger with me in my purse. The hostess at Todd's was very accomodating and plugged in/charged my phone for me during our dinner.]I started with a cantalope martini then switched to prosecco during my meal. We ordered:-crabcake-house salad-spicy skirt steak-white fish from Alaska (one of the specials for the night)I will upload a pic of our main entrees. Everything was very light and fresh, even the skirt steak didn't feel heavy or overwhelming. Our waitress was on point and even though the restaurant was completely packed she stayed on top of things.All that said, I am not a huge fan of Todd's decor. I feel that ambiance can be a very important component to one's entire dining experience when at a particular establishment. As a result, the generic, kind of tired fabric, on the booth seats at Todd's is not attractive. Everything is clean but there were areas that looked a bit worn.
2	I had big expectations. People love this place. I liked it.  I was told I had to get the wonton appetizer. It was good but the sauce was too sweet. That seemed to be the theme throughout the meal: overly sweet sauces that over powered the dish.  Service was good. Ambiance was very similar to the Italian restaurant that was in there years ago.
3	Easy drive from the strip, but somehow the taxi driver got lost (neither the driver nor the hotel doorman even heard of the place).  After the meal, had to wait 45 minutes for the taxi called by the maitre d'.   The service was excellent and friendly.  The chef/owner seemed to know everybody at the bar.  My waitress was super-nice throughout the meal, and when I pointed out an error on the bill of 1$ in my favor (entered incorrectly in the computer) they rewarded me with a glass of Villa M and of course let me keep the dollar.  The food was good, but unspectacular.  I chose the calamari and rock shrimp with spicy aioli, and the Skirtsteak on fire (marinated in moderately hot sauce).  I didn't finish either dish, a rare occurrence for me.  I did like the wine, particularly the Villa M.
4	We had scallops, mahi mahi (special) and the short ribs. The short ribs were outstanding, very well done and wonderful flavor. the scallops were perfectly cooked with a sweet glaze and very complex flavor.  The only problem with the scallops is only 4 scallops, seemed kind of a rip off, but the flavor was there. The Mahi Mahi was a off menu special and we thought kind of ordinary. We had the goat cheese wontons for a appetizer, they were flavorful and went perfect with the raspberry sauce. We also had a grumpy salad which seemed to be the only thing we had that we didn't love. Overall, very good food. I want to go back for the fiery skirt steak. Service was excellent and very quick even though it was a friday night. Make reservations.
5	Consistently great service and food quality! We are big fans of Todd's and can always count on having a great experience. The tuna is my favorite entree.
5	What a great find!  Great food, service, and atmosphere. Highly recommended!!!
4	Had a fabulous dinner here recently.  Was my second time in and was just as good as the first.  I brought some co-workers who were in from out of town.  It did not disappoint.  From the Chef's appetizer combo that was offered to our table because of our number (six of us), to the deserts that were shared among the party, it was  a perfect night of fabulous food and great service.  I highly recommend the short ribs.... AMAZING!!!
5	Incredible fun find in vegas!!! Don't miss the skirt steak "on fire". Everything we had was memorable and delicious. Very creative, fun menu. We will be adding it to our "don't miss" list every time we are in Vegas.
3	This is a hard one to rate. We had a 7:30 reservation and we seated immediately. I have been hearing rave reviews and was quite excited to try this place. I LOVE going to none chain- local places. The waitress came and plopped down the menus and only one wine list. We were a group of 3 women and all wanted something different to drink. The server was not terrible, but for the prices and what I think they want to be she needs a lot of training. To me correct etiquette and flow is what makes a great server. It's all part of a fine dining experience. She boringly rattled off the specials, she didn't really seem to even know for sure what it consisted of. We ordered and when the food arrived she plunked it down on the table like it was IHOP. Really rather annoying. I ordered the steak on fire and a beet salad. Beet salad description said it had grapefruit. I didn't see or taste it, but it was really good (fantastic) anyway. The steak was really good for a few bites. I think all the cheese on the fries was overwhelming. My friend had the same, she said she loved it, but only ate about 3 bites. He daughter had scallops and said she liked it. None of us were raving or swooning over the food. It was good. But def didn't live up to all the hype I have been hearing. Our water was never refilled and that steak was so hot I really wanted water. They also were playing a football game which I found odd and anoying in fine dining and at those prices. But I really got annoyed at the end of the meal. We haven't seen each other in quite awhile and were enjoying catching up. We finished eating at about 9. The waitress dropped off the check and we were talking. She never returned to see if we wanted anything else. They started tearing the bar apart for heavy cleaning at 9. They were banging and clanging away. The lights got brighter as well. Then at about 9:30 it felt like they shut off the air to get rid of us. It was about 200 degrees and the entire place was getting torn down. The hours state open till 10. First of all if the waitress ever came back we wanted to have more drinks, it wasn't time for them to close and there was no one waiting for our table. I could understand we would be a bother if it was time to go home or they needed to turn the table for another reservation. These kind of things are why locally owned places never survive. The whole point is making the guests feel welcome and wanted. Olive Garden next door has a warmer vibe. Also, their website states a $30 PP average. All our entress were $36, plus salad and 2 drinks each the bill was QUITE a bit more pricy. Darn, I was so excited about this one.
4	Finally was on this side of town to give it a go.Let me start off saying that from the pictures on Yelp, I could not tell that this was a "fancy" restaurant.  What I mean, is that the setting is very low lit, and quiet.  There was only 3-4 other tables there at the time, so this could be part of the reason.  So you can understand how I felt out of place with my little one....They do NOT expect you to bring kids....they do NOT have booster seats or highchairs.  Good thing my little foodie baby loves to eat, and is well mannered...most of the time anyways ;)Now that I have that out of the way, on to the food!We tried the crab cake and tuna tartare.  The crab cake was good, but I am jaded with Del Frisco's and I still order them.  The tuna tartare was good, with a little spice from the hot sauce, however the consistency of the tuna was kind of mushy, and not like the tartare that I am used to (thick cuts of fish).  This was more of a blended/smashed consistency....not bad, but it was a little distracting personally.Went with the duck and the sea bass.  This is what they do well here!  The duck was crazy tender, and did not have the slightest "gammy" taste that one would expect with most duck.  The sauce was packed with flavor and the sides were all delicious.  The sea bass was super tender, and cooked perfectly.  The flavor was great as well!Went with the bread pudding and it was good.  Not mind blowing, but it was good nonetheless.  We also tried some of their dessert wine on the house, which was a very nice touch.Only other thing I would slightly complain about...the prices here are a little substantial.  I have paid quite a bit more for food, so don't get me wrong, but each app was $11-12 and most of the entrees are $25-30 each.  You are going to spend at least $50-60pp even without alcohol IMO, which to be fair is still a good deal here, but I feel like it goes a little farther elsewhere in town.Still have to give it a go!  Maybe I will come back for a prix fixe menu
5	This restaurant is by far my husband and I's favorite. It's always delicious, consistent, the atmosphere is perfect and the staff is amazing, never had one bad experience and have dined there several times over the past few years. My favorite is the short rib but there's not one bad thing on their menu!
5	I've been there twice. Once with Mom, once with my girlfriend. Each experience was unique. Each experience provided superb service and fantastic food. Go there to enjoy a meal for a beautiful evening out.
5	Todd's always exceeds expectations & New Year's Eve dinner was no exception. We have been going to Todd's for at least 5 years and have never been anything but impressed. We are always greeted warmly by staff and feel at home. The food is first rate! 5+ star rating. Looking forward to our next dinner there!
5	Cut me lose
4	Nice little restaurant, tucked away on Sunset Rd. We were introduced to this little gem by friends who invited us to join them for the Christmas Eve menu. The food is great and the staff friendly. It appears to cater to a loyal local crowd and they even have a small bar in the corner with great choices of wine & beers.They also host special wine tasting dinner menus on occasion, as well as special holiday menus.The place is very small, so I definitely recommend reservations. On our particular night, they actually asked us to bump up our reservations, then were running behind, then forgot we were waiting and gave away our table. Granted, it was a holiday and very busy but there's nowhere to wait unless you stand outside with the smokers or just inside the door where people are eating. This was the only hiccup and the rest of the night was great. I do recommend giving them a try and I look forward to returning when they're not so busy.
4	My husband and I met his sister and her husband here for dinner when we were in Vegas for a brief break over Christmas. One caveat:  Due to illness, I was unable to drink and my diet was a bit restricted.  That said, here's what we experienced. Great service. Good wine recommendations (I didn't drink, the rest of the table did).  I had never had steelhead before, had always wanted to try it, and asked the waiter  if I should have that or the regular trout, telling him that I didn't like fishy fish.  He said the steelhead was a better choice.  I was pretty impressed!  Very good, mild fish. I'd compare to a mild salmon. Not over cooked. Well presented.  My husband had the short ribs:  fantastic fall off the bone meat.  Hubby and shared a dessert, which, I cannot for the life of me remember. Suffice to say, nice spot. Tucked into a strip mall.  We'd come back if back in the area.   Oh and it was pretty quiet for such a small place.  Not a place for kids, IMO.
4	We hit up Todd's for our anniversary.  As most note, it's pretty unassuming in a strip mall location.  But, a lot of gems can be found in similar locales.  The wine list was not huge, but very reasonable.  Love being off the strip and seeing prices on wine and scotch....Their menu changes, but I had the short rib and my wife had the scallops.  Both were winners.  The scallops were cooked perfectly, and have that velvety texture they can get.  The short rib was beyond tender.  I didn't need a fork to cut them, much less a knife.  And, the portions were REASONABLE.  We got full, but we weren't miserable.It's a great romantic place, we will return.  Service was good, not fantastic, but also didn't take away from the meal.  I think Todd's is my new favorite off-Strip restaurant since Rosemary's closed.
5	We went with an open mind and came out totally blown away!  The food was fresh,presented well,and very flavorful.  From the wontons to the salad ( in my case Caesar)to the main course your mouth exploded with different flavors.  Would we come back?  There isn't any doubt.
5	All ways good, Too more visits
5	We have been to Todd's previously but have not reviewed it. We returned to Todd's for our anniversary and had an excellent experience. Arrived 15 minutes before our reservation time and were promptly seated. It's ironic that we were seated in the same booth as last time. Our server, Kylee was friendly and attentive. The menu has many great choices which makes for hard decisions. For an appetizer the Dungeness Crab/Shimp cake is fantastic. The Grumpy Salad is large enough to share and sharing allows you to get 2 different dressings. For the entree my wife had the Filet Mignon with mashed potatoes which was cooked to perfection. My choice was the boneless Short Rib with jalapeno mashed potatoes and the rib is covered in a rich broth. The meat is outstanding, knife not required. For wine paring with the Short Rib I recommend the Ovene Pinot Noir The Puzzle 2006. I believe this is one of the best Pinots from Caifornia.The desert choice was the Mckenna Brownie that was rich and smooth. We received a complementary desert for our anniversary which is called a Toddamiso a version of Tiramisu and served in a cup. Todd's is the Best off strip fine dining restaurant. It has a romantic atmosphere, easy listening background music, attentive service and fantastic food at reasonable prices. What more could you ask for?We will be back.
2	My husband and I dined there on Valentines day. First time there and very disappointing. I ordered the sea bass, they were out of it, understandable for a holiday. So I opted for the NY steak with tiger prawn for $38. We had crab cake app, average. I ordered the lobster bisque, had no lobster in it. my husband had cesear salad,it was ok. it took a long time for the courses to come out, still understandable for a holiday. He ordered the scallops, it was good. My steak was the worst steak I've ever had. It was a fatty piece of cheap meat, with little tiny chopped up pieces of shrimp on top. If I had scooped the pieces together it would be a half dollar size. I asked the waitress doesn't this include tiger prawn? She responded its chopped up in the sauce. I thought it was a spice, didn't taste like shrimp. It was like they ran out of shrimp and used one las remaining shrimp for 3 steaks, very disappointing. Needless to say, I will never be back! $120 for a very subpar restaurant! The service was good, but the cooks need lessons on how to cook!
3	I wasn't a huge fan of this place. Maybe it was the limited menu on Valentines day. We arrived 15 minutes prior to our reservation time. we were seated shortly after our set time. I would say this is a restaurant that is VERY popular with the older crowd. The choice was small.. option wise of the menu.but I will give it another shot on a non-holiday!! The bartender, hostess and servers were all friendly. but the wait time for the food was a little long.The Quality of the food. was good. I enjoyed my steak and veggies. They accept cash and credit cards.
3	The experience on Valentine's Day Dinner was just OK -The staff though is very nice. The server accomodated to a switch of side as requested. The food took too long. They had ran out of calamari - we did have an 830p reservation. So it was rather late for a holiday sort of night.My lamb was perfectly cooked - it was rather delicious. The glass of wine wasn't badly price and was complimentary to my lamb. Decor was cozy.Will try again.
5	What an absolutely amazing dining experience!  My mother and I decided to try something new, instead of all the typical chain restaurants, and I am so glad we did.  We were looking for a nice steak and seafood restaurant away fromThe Strip and my mother found this place through Yelp.  We called at 4:45 to make a reservation and we were able to get a table at 5:30pm on a Friday night.  One of the questions that was asked while making our reservation was if we were celebrating a special occasion this evening.  We weren't, but, what a nice question to be asked while making a reservation.  We arrived a few minutes early and were greeted at the door before being taken directly to our table.  The ambiance was very nice - low-lit, quiet and small (in a good way).  Our server was terrific and helped guide us through the menu.  We started with an appetizer of calamari and shrimp.  I have never had calamari so tender and the shrimp were cooked to perfection.  The breading is flavorful, but not overpowering, and not at all greasy.  The chipotle dipping sauce wasn't even necessary - I used just a squeeze of lemon.  When ordering, out server asked if we would like to split a salad.  What a perfect idea!  We split the house salad that included cucumber and tomato with assorted greens and a perfect raspberry vinaigrette.  I don't usually eat salads with any dressings at all, but I enjoyed this one.I ordered the sea bass with tomato risotto and asparagus and my mother ordered the sea scallops with mashed potatoes in a pistachio-mushroom sauce.  The sea bass was exquisite, perfectly cooked and I thought the tomato risotto was a terrific compliment.  I didn't enjoy the asparagus, but that was just me and the fact that asparagus is out-of-season. I'm sure most people will enjoy the smokey flavor, I just wasn't a fan.  My mother's scallops were seared beautifully and the accompanying sauce and potatoes were also enjoyed. We decided to share a dessert and ordered the chocolate cake with vanilla and raspberry sauces and added vanilla ice cream a la mode.  The cake was warm and rich and perfectly paired with the sauces and the ice cream.  We both wanted to lick our plates clean.   The portions were just right at Todd's - not too heavy - and we walked out full, but not uncomfortably so.  Appetizers, salads and desserts run $6-$14, with entrees $25-$40, so expect to pay about $100 for 2, unless you order from the prix fixe.  This is not a child-friendly environment, so don't bring the kids.  There are no high chairs, booster seats or kids menus.  The food, service and ambiance were all fantastic at this unassuming location in one of the numerous strip malls around Las Vegas.  I highly recommend Todd's!
5	Good food, good service, nice atmosphere. Cool vibe.
4	Really nice... casual with great food and service. We started with their specialty cocktails that were delicious and refreshing, followed by their goat cheese app that was so yummy. Several of us had the grilled skirt steak on-fire with the loaded fries and the sauce was really unique and spicy. Being a hot-head... would have asked for more jalepeno's, as it was slightly too mild (only in heat status, not spicy-ness) for me. The waiter was awesome, giving us the history of the chef when we asked. Split some desserts, but my favorite was the homemade buttermilk cinnamon ice cream which was not too sweet. Agree with another reviewer that the decor was outdated, but the price and quality of the food, and the fact that it was not a chain made Todd's really unique!
5	I love Todd's! The service is friendly & the food is outstanding. When we were not thrilled with the soup they took it off the bill without us asking.
3	This restaurant has its ups and downs. The drink list is decent. Has a lot of choices. For appetizers we got the crab cakes which we thought were better than most. They get an a+ for those. We also got the goat cheese wontons which were as straight forward as they could be. Goat cheese fried in a wonton. Nothing special. We got the endive salad which wasnt bad. For the main course we got the scallops. Good. Not great. Based on all that I might have rounded up to a 4 but I have to factor in dessert which was terrible. We ordered 2. We got the mixed fruit cobbler which was a little dry and the ice cream on top was icy like it was old or melted and had been refrozen. We started with that dessert and after tasting it all in all we were disappointed. The other dessert we ordered was the "bananas foster". Those are my quotes, not theirs. It was the worst bananas foster we have had ever had. It had no flavor, it was runny like you were eating a soup, the bananas didnt look good. It was so bad that after taking a couple of bites and going back to the cobbler, all of a sudden the cobbler tasted delicious. I don't expect every dish at a place to be great, and this place definitely does some things right so I'm sure here it just depends on what you order.
4	I met up with family for dinner after work since I was in Henderson and have had this place bookmarked for a long time.  Although the interior isn't that marvelous, the food and service more than made up for it.We started with goat cheese wontons with raspberry basil sauce.  It's like a better version of a crab rangoon.  I got the Togarashi Seared Ahi Tuna with Wasabi mashed potatoes.  It was sooo good.  Our family likes to share and taste each other's food.  The rest of the family got Organic Chicken Breast with couscous and 2 orders of Boneless Short Rib with jalapeno mashed potatoes.  Everything was excellent taste-wise and presentation-wise.  The portions were just right.For the dessert we tried the Nutella Creme Brulee (I love Nutella!!!), Salted Caramel Butterscotch Pudding. and McKenna's Brownie which was recommended by our server.  Of course, I'm biased towards anything Nutella so the creme brulee was my favorite without a doubt.  It was creamy and full of Nutella-goodness!  I did have to get rid of half the torched sugar on top though - it didn't need it.  I'm not a fan of butterscotch so the pudding was ok.  The brownie was nothing exciting.I want to try the duck next time.  And there will be a next time!
4	I don't usually venture past the strip unless it's for a good enough reason (like to catch a flight out of the country) but Todd's has been on my go to list and we had company staying on that side of town.I'll get the worst part of it over first; the ambiance fails miserably and the decor is on need of a major overhaul!  Uncomfortable 80's diner drab booths, outdated doodie-brown color scheme,  annoying noise from the TV and patrons in the bar area that intrudes into the dining area.  Once I moved past the absence of marble columns and chandeliers and tuned out the chatter (with the help of a delectable  hibiscus coconut Mojito) I was able to see what made dining at Todd's worth the trek... the food is scrumptious. We had:Goat cheese wontons with raspberry basil sauce.Potato and carrot samosas. Filet of beef grilled with wild mushroom Cabernet sauce.Short Rib with jalapeno mashed, caramelized onion sauce.Organic chicken breast, substituted the jalapeno mashed for the toasted couscous.Apple & blueberry cobble with buttermilk cinnamon ice cream.The food gets a big Y for YUM and Martin, our server,  was helpful and fantastic and in sync with our leisurely pace.  Too bad the atmosphere doesn't meld with the food and service to make this a truly unique dining experience.
2	I felt this restaurant was very overpriced for what you got.  The restaurant itself is very old and not in a classic way.  Furniture was cheap and tables pushed very close to one another.  The food was just alright, but not worth the price.  I won't be coming back here again which is too bad, because I live right down the street.
3	One crab cake appetizer is $11 for one small cake - pretty tastey but not a great value.  We had halibut and ono entrees.  Neither fish entree was overly impressive in flavor - could have used a sauce or prepared with more seasonings.  The biggest disappointment though was the sparse servings of vegetables with each entree - you would have thought veggies were the most expensive ingredient of these meals.  The service was top notch - as good as it gets.  The food however wasn't impressive enough to get me back.
4	Thank you Yelpers!  Located across from an Olive Garden is this hidden gem.  The place was right off the street in a strip mall, and I still missed it. I had the duck, and it was amazing.  I'd go back just for that.  My bf had the braised short rib, and he raved how tender it was.  The jalapeno mashed was good, and wasn't over powering.The bread pudding was wonderful, but my only sad part was the coffee after my meal.  It was weak.  That was disappointing after a delightful meal and didn't compliment the dessert.  Otherwise, thumbs up!
3	the food we had was excellent, well seasoned and delicious. however i asked for a side of string beans intead of potatoes and they charged me $3 and gave me about 10 beans. The selection is very limited as well. Maybe if the specials were good we would go back.
1	Made a reservation for my first time trying this place.  Wanted to go have a nice dinner with my boyfriend for our date night.  Arrived early and was extremely underwhelmed with the decor/interior.  The hostess immediately explained that due to a large walk in party, I would not be able to be seated on time.  She then walked me to the bar and said "when our servers are available, then we will seat you at a table".  OK.... so we sit at the bar and order martinis- which were very overpriced considering this is in a strip mall OFF the strip ($13) We sit and wait for over 20 minutes before deciding that this is ridiculous and discuss where we should go instead since we wanted to catch a show we already bought tickets for.  The bartender overhears, and then grabs the hostess and she tries to "convince" us to stay, but then promises that our food WON'T be ready in time for our movie.... but we should stay anyway.  What a joke.  Horrible first impression, unimpressive service, and overpriced.  I will NOT be giving them a second chance.
5	I have been wanting to go here for years and decided it was a great place for date night. This place is truly a hidden gem.The server was very friendly and helpful.We had the Razor Clams special as an appetizer, its one of my favorite foods in the world. He treated them with so much respect. They were perfectly cooked and wonderful.I had the duck and she had the halibut. Both were also perfectly cooked.The waitress came out with some Brachetto as an after dinner drink which was a great touchWe will be back again for sure!
5	Excellent service and great food.
5	A great restaurant in a strip center, truly outstanding food.  The beer is eclectic and fun to explore, the wine list, according to my friends, is outstanding.The food and service are superb.  Todd creates masterpieces, from appetizers to main courses through desserts.  It is hard to describe...you should just experience Todd' Unique Dining, a hidden gem.
5	We've been fans of Todd's Unique for years. What a concept: a chef who has his name on the door and actually cooks in his own kitchen. If you sit on the entry side you'll occasionally see him poke his head out to see what is going on in the front of the house.The service is great, the food is great - the seafood is cooked the way it is supposed to be: not overdone as many restaurants seem to prefer it - my Copper River Salmon was obviously wild because it was extremely dense meat. I have never had a bad meal here.Todd's also has a nice wine list and you can get wine that has a reasonable markup.If you are just a visitor to LV, and since Todd's is located in Henderson, it is an expensive cab ride - about $40 from the strip or to the M Resort one-way. However, it is well worth the trip and a cab is certainly cheaper than a DUI after a bottle or two of wine. I've paid the same total price at restaurants on the Strip and not been anywhere near as happy.
5	Fantastic servers, amazing wine dinners, sign up for their mailing list and keep updated with what is new and fresh. http://www.toddsunique.com/
4	My group of 6 decided on Todd's for a Saturday night dinner and we had a fabulous experience.  The restaurant was crowded (likely because they began their Restaurant Week menu) but our table was ready for our 8pm reservation. We ordered some cocktails and wine (my girlfriend ordered the raspberry lemon drop martini and it was really yummy) to start.  Todd's has a pretty decent wine menu and the prices are definitely reasonable, so I recommend ordering a bottle instead of cocktails. Our server informed us that the chef offers an appetizer sampler for groups of 6 or more, which we decided to order.  Shortly after, each of us received a plate with calamari, one mini crab cake, one goats cheese wonton and one asian dumpling. Everything was delicious!I ordered the Halibut and my girlfriend ordered the boneless short rib. My Halibut was perfectly cooked and tasted amazing - flaky, soft and served with sweet potato gnocci, which was incredibly delicious.  I literally finished my entire plate of food, which I almost never do.  I tasted the boneless short rib/jalapeno mash and really enjoyed the flavor combinations - not too strong or overpowering at all and perfectly tender short rib.  Everyone else at the table enjoyed their meals with no complaints. The service was wonderful. Although many people complain about the prices being a little high, i think the prices are actually very reasonable considering the quality of food, diverse flavors and extreme attention to detail in every dish. The only thing I didn't like about Todd's was the decor.  The decor doesn't match the restaurants high class food because it looks similar to chain restaurant. Todd's could benefit from a makeover with darker wood and less patterns and better lighting in order to provide the ambiance of a great restaurant.
5	Fabulous service and better food. The braised short ribs are the best thing I have had in a long time.
3	There is a reason Todd cooks in Henderson and not in LV.  That said, the food was passable, but nothing extraordinary or unique.
5	Todd's intrigued me from the first I saw it when staying at the Residence Inn nearby. Finally went to dinner to celebrate my wife's birthday and it exceeded our high expectations. The "goat's cheese" (sic) wontons were exceptional, Caesars salad  was beyond the ordinary, the seared scallops and meat loaf (funny we should get the meatloaf but the description was THAT good), and the wine selections mouth watering. Total bill including drinks was $125. Paid more than double that on the strip for more crowd and noise but not better food.
5	An amazing hidden place lies in Henderson...   Todd's Unique Dining was an incredible experience.   We walked in for an early dinner to celebrate my husbands birthday.   You can make reservations by phone or online but it was a Monday...  we didn't really think we needed to.   We were greeted by a very friendly hostess that seated us immediately.   Our waiter, Ryan, was over to our table in a flash.    He brought over a warm bread basket that had a delicious garlic butter spread over the top crust.  I enjoyed it ever so much!    Ryan always kept our drinks full all night with a happy and delightful personality.   He definitely knows how to keep his customers happy. We started with the Dungeness crab cake appetizer. It was accompanied by a remoulade sauce and baby greens.  OH MY HEAVENS!  So tasty and just enough for us to share! I went from there and ordered the Alaskan Halibut while the hubby ordered the Grilled Skirtsteak "On Fire".  The Alaskan Halibut was fantastic! There was a light seasoning to finish off the perfectly baked fish.  It was laid on a bed of sauteed cauliflower, walnuts and capers. The combination with the walnuts accompanied the fish ever so deliciously.  The Grilled Skirtsteak was quickly devoured by my husband.  The steak was cooked as ordered with a black bean chili sauce gently kissing the top of this mound of meat!  Chili cheese fries were the chosen side to the steak which also had this delightful black bean chili sauce over the top.  The flavor of the sauce is making my mouth water just thinking about it.   (You know I had to try a taste!)  Just when we thought we had the perfect meal.... Ryan came over to tell us about their special desserts for the evening.   Snickerdoodle Bread Pudding and Peach Cobbler.  Ok... twist my arm.   LOL   The bread pudding was right up my husbands alley being as it wasn't baked with raisins.  Oh the joy!  Both desserts were hot, sweet and fabulous. I honestly think we should have just ordered one dessert and split it.  Oh well.  We suffered through!  :-)  With an amazing meal and amazing service, I would highly recommend anyone to visit Todd's!   It was a great place for a special dinner!
4	This place is the bomb!! Get the special. Or the short ribs. Or anything. :)  The first time we went, as I suspected, the food was a bit off.  The duck and scallops were both overcooked.  However, the last time we went (gave them another chance), EVERYTHING was AMAZING!  I have to hold back one star for atmosphere, as it's very, very loud if you're not in a booth.  Or perhaps it was just the two parties next to us (we moved).  But, the skirt steak was succulent and cooked perfectly.  Very spicy!  Not for the timid, but I loved it!  My wife's crab and shrimp stuffed Mahi was brilliant!  Our picky guests from the shore dined on the rare Ahi Tuna (rave reviewed) and the braised short ribs, which were my recommendations for them.  They both loved it.  The staff is great here and Todd is THE MAN!  We'll be back!
3	I hate to be one of the few people that wasn't overly impressed here. I heard about this place years ago and finally came in and perhaps my expectations were overly high but I was completely underwhelmed. I ordered the beef carpaccio and the scallops and both were rather bland and uninspiring. Others in my dining party really enjoyed themselves, one ordered the Mahi Mahi special and was very pleased with it, the other ordered the Meatloaf and really raved about it. I will say that the staff was amazing and really on the ball with everything so definitely no complaints at all with that.
5	Had an amazing dinner at Todd's with my three dining companions. We began the evening with spicy ahi tartare, delicately presented on a  lightly fried rice cube. We also sampled the crab cakes served with sprouts and greens. For entrees we ordered the halibut with sweet potato gnocchi, Lake Superior white fish served on a bed of herbed couscous and the meatloaf, a combination of ground beef and veal, presented with enoki mushrooms , sumac seasoned cauliflower and snapped peas. For dessert we had a made to order apple cobbler served with fresh fruit and either vanilla cinnamon ice cream or raspberry sorbet .Easy parking, excellent service . Would I return? You betcha!!
4	Scallops, skirt steak, goat cheese wontons, peach cobbler, and a Grey Goose Orange Cosmo. These are my favorites so far at Todd's! My husband and I have been here a total of 3 times, and have loved every meal. Tried the sea-bass last night: which was very good, but a little heavy on the salt.  I'm still wanting to try the duck and the short rib, both look very good! Plan on being back soon, it's our favorite special neighborhood place.
3	Our last dining experience with Toods was over Thanksgiving. The food was great, in-fact it was very good. The service was friendly and over all-good quality.I few negatives about our experience, one they added gratuity automatically to our bill for a party of 2. I found this offensive, when automatically added its called a service charge not a gratuity.  In my case, I added another 20%, not noticing it, as they still had a line on the bill labeled "gratuity"... not additional gratuity.  The staff said nothing, when the bill was returned my dinner mate pointed out that..... I had tipped 40%. I had been ripped off. The second point, the bartender was overheard talking about Tood guests to other guests sitting at the bar, about how drunk this guest was, which guy toy that guest was with, how much makeup another guest had on.... it was embarrassing and class-less. I would have fired the bartender on the spot. But the thing is, other staff seemed to accept it, which gave me the feeling they do it often. Recap - good food, good food service.... class-less bar staff. Lame auto gratuity - service charge policy.
5	Tonight was our 1st time in. The food was great. The duck and rack of lamb were perfect. We will be back for sure!
5	I love an excellent dining experience and I have to say, I'm impressed.  First, let me compliment the staff here.  From the bus people to the bartender, kudos.  Everyone was attentive, pleasant and professional.  This is a great staff focused on excellent service.  Second, the food was amazing.  Started with the goat cheese wontons, delicious.  Moved to the grain salad, fresh and satisfying.  Finished with their signature skirt steak on fire and the monkfish.  Every dish was well prepared with a lovely presentation.  I loved the unique pairings of sauce and dish.  I highly recommend checking out this hidden gem.
5	I was turned on to this place by a friend a few years ago and have been spreading the word ever since. In typical Vegas fashion, this gem is tucked away in a strip mall. The food is absolutely amazing. My favorite is the Goat Cheese Wontons and the Braised Short Rib with jalapeno mashpotatoes! Too die for! Ive also had a great Thanksgiving dinner as well there. Sign up for their email and you receive notices about special dinner and wine tasting parties they have!!! Great great place!
5	Amazing and truly unique food. Great service. A little pricier than the places I usually eat but I'll be back for sure, just not every week. :-)
5	We have been traveling for 2 weeks and eating at the best places we could find in a variety of locations including Las Vegas and Palm Springs.This was the best meal we have had on our trip.  In addition, the wine list was outstanding in terms of both selection and price.This is an A+ place.
5	In support of restaurant Week, Todd's has again created a great menu. There were choices between 2 dinner options. Both are 3 courses. My choice was:First Course: Goat Cheese Wonton with Raspberry Basil Sauce. The dish consisted of 5 wontons filled with warm goat cheese. Just spread on the raspberry sauce to create a heavenly starter. Second Course: Branzino with Shrimp Risotto and asparagus. The fish was cooked perfectly and the risotto was smooth as silk.Third Course: Salted Caramel Butterscotch Pudding. Lost for words. Just a perfect finish.As in the past, service was on point, with the wait staff friendly and attentive. Glad they still have The Puzzle - 2006 Pinot Noir but I was told they are almost out.Again Thank You Todd's for providing an opportunity to support Three Square.
5	One of my very favorite places to eat out. Have been going to Todd ' s for years. Oysters, skirt steak on fire or the filet & the raspberry dome is my favorite. Can't skip out on a couple of martinis or a glass of wine. Keep it up, Todd & I'll keep coming back.
5	We went with friends for a quiet evening of good food and good conversation. The restaurant has only 2 rooms. the front room by the door with a bar and the back room. We chose to eat in the back room because it is quieter and a little bit more private. Our waiter came almost immediately to get our drink orders and to explain the specials. This was very nice because on Wednesday nights they have no corkage fee. We were able to bring our own bottles of wine and drink our own selections. I ordered the ahi tuna with wasabi mashed potatoes. They serve the tuna seared rare. The tuna was extremely tender and very flavorful. Perfect! My wife had the salmon special. Also very flavorful. A little over cooked but not spoiled. Our friends had one of the beef specials. He raved about it the entire night. We ordered two desserts to be shared by the four of us. We had a bread pudding and a fruit cobbler with ice cream. One dish was better than the next. A perfect way to end the meal. Overall, excellent ambience, service, and food quality. You couldn't ask for more.
2	This place was mediocre at best.  Service was good from host stand to our server.Unless you're 120 lbs or less and lisle to sit up at a 90 degree angle, this place has the most cramped undersized booths. I was squirming to get out of the booth my entire meal.For appetizers, the watermelon salad and goat cheese won tons were both delicious.Entrees left a lot to be desired. The eggplant pasta was missing a key ingredient...  EGGPLANT! It's like the took the eggplant out and added extra balsamic!We enjoyed the scallops and short ribs but the mashed potatoes tasted like they just came out of the microwave.A bit of a disappointment but needed to try this much talked about place.
3	This small restaurant did provide a solid meal but there are some opportunities. The dining room is a touch small and not in a good intimate way but more of a one obnoxious diner can ruin your night kind of way! The booths are super upright and wouldn't allow for a slow leisurely dinner which is a bit disappointing considering the comfort level of the offerings! Service was good...I found the braised short rib a touch salty and could describe it as a churched up mimis cafe pot roast and for the price point expected more. Basically ok but nothing to write home about...
5	Great dinner tonight. Crab wontons, crab stuffed mahi mahi, duck, soup. Great service!! Highly recommend!!
5	Todd's always lives up to its name...VERY UNIQUE!!  I love it here.  The food, the service, the atmosphere are always as good as it gets!
5	Great local restuarant that can easily compete with any place on The Strip! Food is always fantastic, service is excellent and ambiance is just what you look for in a restaurant. Always enjoy our trip to Todd's and look forward to visiting again real soon!
5	One of my foodie friends has always chastised me for not trying this restaurant and I finally tried it last night. I am so glad I did. It's small and it was a little warm when we got there but I am so glad I went. First we started with the wontons which were really amazing. I don't normally like wontons but these were crispy and savory and were really good. I got the short rib which is a favorite of mine to order at restaurants especially when the meat is as tender as it was a Todd's. But I really really have to say that this portion was humongous one of the biggest portions of short ribs I have ever seen. I was so happy to eat it last night and I'll be happy to eat it again tomorrow night. It came with jalapeno mash potatoes which I don't know how Todd did this but he managed to get all of the flavor of jalapeno and not an over amount of the spice of the jalapeno. One of the best things I have ever tasted in my life. When I asked for my meal to be boxed I really really wanted to box it myself because I have this strange feeling that I'm the only one that could box it exactly the way I wanted it and I wanted every drop of that delectable sauce in my box. I just have to trust that they got it all in for me. We had two desserts to share between five people it was the brownie and the peach cobbler. I will come back to Todd's because the menu was fantastic it changes seasonally I was told by the waitress who was incredibly knowledgeable and very attentive and I am dying to try the scallops!!!!
5	Don't let this restaurant's tucked away location fool you, Todd's is the best.  I've been to plenty of fancy restaurants that on the surface are nicer than Todd's, and received food and service that come nowhere close to what you get at this small place.  The decor is a little outdated, but I guarantee you will not care once you take a bite of anything on the menu.  Go here.  Take a date.  Order everything you can afford and then tip the shit out of your server, because the service here is incredible.
5	The skirt steak on fire and seared tuna were amazing. Easily one of the best meals we've had in Vegas and very reasonably priced for the quality.
2	I had been wanting to come here for so long and finally on my birthday last week we drove across town to have a delicious birthday dinner, or so I had hoped. I can't begin to describe how disappointed I was with the experience and the food. I waited a week before writing a review because I would have annihilated them had I written the review at the time....It started off with them seating us in the noisy bar area even though my husband had told them it was my birthday when he made the reservations. I thought it inappropriate for them to seat us in the bar when you are celebrating a special occasion. We moved into the dining area and I was ready for an amazing meal. We started with the goat cheese won tons and ahi tuna appetizer. They were both slightly above average but both needed more sauce. We also tried 2 specialty cocktails and neither were very good, and tasted watery. Now for the entree, I ordered the Alaskan halibut (btw- what I was served looked nothing like the other reviewer's pic of halibut) thinking it would be absolutely divine, my husband had scallops. What a disappointment!!! My halibut was not fresh caught, tasted like it had just come out of the freezer, AND was overcooked to the point of being completely dry. I had to eat the weird sauce that came with it just to be able to eat the dry chunk of fish. What a waste for the most expensive item on the menu. The scallops were not cooked properly either and were mushy, instead of having a nice crisp on the ends. Both meals came with mashed potatoes that were clearly yesterday's leftovers as they were cold in the center and tasted like a blend of instant and real mashed potatoes. They didn't have flavor and came with an unappetizing gravy that tasted canned. The entire meal was a disappointment but I scarfed down the food just so I could get out of there. Their only saving grace and reason I gave them more than 1 star was that they brought out a birthday dessert for me. This is the 2nd year in a row that I had a crappy birthday dinner from trying a new place based on Yelp reviews. I have found many amazing restaurants based on other reviews but I seem to be unlucky on my birthdays. I think next year I will just go somewhere I already know is good.
5	The food is excellent- as good as any fine dining in Vegas and arguably some of the best ahi and scallops this side of town.The staff, especially Todd and his wife Terry are generous and extremely friendly.Totally worth a visit or 10.
5	Best Ahi tuna I've ever had. Terry took amazing care of us, and the personal touch of Todd and her make it a place you'll want to come back to time and time again. The wasabi mashed potatoes with my entree were incredible, and the wine list extensive. A hidden gem in Las Vegas.
5	Came here on a date and couldn't have asked for a better ambiance, customer service, or food. I ordered a small steak with truffle mac and cheese and it blew my mind. I highly recommend this place for every occasion!
5	Todd's is a hidden gem! Who would think such a wonderful place would be right off Sunset. We have been here a few times but I am writing my review off our recent trip on 9/8/14.Todd's is a very small place so make sure to have reservations before coming. On arrival we ordered the calamari as an appetizer. It was probably the best calamari I've ever had they spice it perfectly and it did not have any of that rubbery chew you might find at other places. I highly recommend this appetizer. For dinner I went with there special of the night Alaskan king crab. Now this isn't just king crab its fresh king crab that had never been frozen. The taste was divine! the order was supposed to come with about a pound of crab the server told us. I received at least 3 king crab legs so much more then a pound. My wife chose to have the halibut and shrimp risotto, she said it was very tasty though the crab was better. For desert we went with a blueberry and coconut apple cobbler. This desert is big enough to share and finished the night off perfectly.If you want good food without leaving the Henderson area I can't recommend this place enough. Always something new on the menu to try and everything is delicious!
3	Good food, nice service, quiet restaurant. Unique is a good description of the menu and I say that in a complimentary way.  Personally I enjoyed it but harder on my dining partner.  Menu apparently changes regularly.  Wish there were either more options that stayed regularly on the menu and perhaps rotate in a few new ones.  Another option would be to at least post the menu on your website for that day.  This would be helpful for diners who might have a limited circle of what they are willing to eat. Good for small groups but agree with prior reviews that suggest reservations.  Most entrees are between $21-29 apps are $8-11 and salads are up to $12. Quiet to average atmosphere. Easy to hold a conversation. Booth set up was sort of uncomfortable.  90 degree bench style seat with little padding.
4	Great local find! Beef carpaccio was pre-plated and refrigerated, and sliced so thinly that it was nearly a paste. Out of tuna entree, but the short rib and duck entrees were outstanding. Reasonable prices, easy parking. Will return again.
2	Took a couple here for their 5 year wedding anniversary a few weeks ago. Past experiences have been great, so we were looking forward to the same. Service was great as usual with attentive waitstaff and great drinks from the bar. The anniversary couple had steak and a dinner salad. I had scallops, which half were perfect and half were undercooked. What really earned the 2 stars though, was the clams with hoisin sauce my wife ordered. Somehow, someway her plate was served with a few unopened clams. Now I have seen varying opinions on eating unopened clams, but why would a fine dining establishment risk it and serve them?Not sure if we will return, but we really enjoyed meals there in the past.
2	Service was pretty good, from hostess to busser, bartender to server.  Food was underwhelming and far too salty.  Portions were also small for the price paid.  I have a general policy of never sending food back, a result of having run restaurants for years; however, when we were served very overdone calamari with a strong fishy smell, back to the kitchen it went.  My friend and I then noticed the chef, another white-jacketed man we assumed was a line cook or sous, and the chef's wife all make trips out to our corner of the dining room over the next 20 or so minutes seemingly to stare us down.  We're not paranoid in the least, but the intimidating looks and muttered remarks seemed pretty pointed.  My buddy (a local) mentioned he's heard the owner's wife (lead server) is extremely hard on staff.  No idea if  that is true or not, but we certainly did get a lot of negative vibes from owners/mgmt.Buddy had the steak on fire, which was overcooked, but we didn't want to deal with more scrutiny and potential shame.  My seared ahi was overdone on one side and OK on the other, but two ~3 ounce pieces over an ice cream scoop of wasabi mashed doesn't a full tummy make.  Sauces were a sodium nightmare. Bread basket OK, pinot was fine.  Would I go back?  NOPE.  There's far too vast a variety of stellar spots in LV now with infinitely superior food, better service and friendlier, more professional customer treatment.  Next time I'm in town, I'll take my dining dollars where I feel appreciated instead of scorned, and where the focus is on pleasing and delighting guests with subtle, quality cuisine.
5	I absolutely LOVE Todd's restaurant! The food, decor, service, food, drinks and everything are all excellent!!! Also it's right next to the Luxury Theatres making it a great place to eat before going to see a movie. It's so awesome going to Todd's on date nights with my fiance.
4	Been here a few times that I can't believe I have forgotten to write a review.This is one of those un-assuming places yet amazing restaurants in Henderson that it seems hardly anyone knows about.  Unless you are someone who likes to go out to eat a lot like me.  :)I'd call this dressy, casual.  Not T-shirts casual but in the summer time you can definitely wear nice Bermuda shorts and a button down shirt or sundress or in the winter you can wear a nice pair of jeans and sweater.  Anyways...The Ambiance - - Casual, Simple but ElegantThe Service - - Professional, Genuine, FriendlyThe Food - - Changes periodically. Everything I've ever had has been perfectly prepared and presented.Recently I enjoyed the Rabbit with Cassoulet.  The perfect comfort food!The Wine - - They have a great wine list.... lots to choose from and the pricing is not stupid expensive like on the strip.  Very reasonably priced.The Dessert - - Save Room!You have to order one of their desserts.Recently we had the bread pudding and it was rich and buttery and melt-in-your-mouth good.
5	We always enjoy our meals at Todd's. But he out did himself tonight! We love this place and we love Todd!
5	We've been loving on Todd's for years and last night was no exception. A flawless meal, start to finish, with top-notch attentive service from the entire staff. Chef Todd serves up the best Ahi in all of Vegas, beautifully rare and moistly flavorful nestled on a bed of wasabi mash, bam! Salmon was brilliant and perfectly done; spinach quinoa cranberry salad went to the next level with the addition of roasted butternut squash, addictive. Always a splendid wine list, something for all tastes and pocketbooks. Check out this neighborhood gem for a gourmet dining experience you'll treasure!
3	I remember this place being ALOT better the first time I  tried it a few years ago. This time it was just OK. First of all, this restaurant is not kid friendly at all.  I wish we would've known that bc they didn't even have a high chair for our 1 year old so he had to stand in the booth with us the whole time.  I had the steak on fire. It was just OK. He had the short rib. It was just OK. We had a couple of apps too, but I can't remember what. And that is kinda how our  meal was... Forgettable. For dessert we had some kind of salted caramel custard thing. It was waaay too sweet.  I don't think we'll be going back. 3 stars is being generous.
4	Food and service were great. Todd's IS unique dining. For instance "goat cheese ice cream"...unexpectedly great! Todd's is  one of our long time favorites
5	My husband and I love Todd's.  This restaurant is small and intimate (make a reservation!) and serves wonderfully diverse, delicious food.  Our last visit was 12/20/14, which happened to be the 23rd anniversary of when my hubby and I met.  Not a significant anniversary to anyone else--certainly most people celebrate a wedding anniversary more often than a "day we met" one--but we happened to be talking about it and the waitress overheard.  At the end of the wonderful meal, she served us a lovely little complementary "Happy Anniversary" tiramisu dessert.  A total surprise to both of us and the kind of thing that brings customers back.But I digress...the meal itself was *delicious*.  We started with a house salad--highly recommended mixed vegetables with the most wonderful hibiscus-garlic dressing (we joked about getting a bowl of dressing as a soup!)  After that, my husband had the sea bass with a tomatoey risotto, and it was just out of this world.  Having a weakness for comfort food, especially this time of year, I ordered the meat loaf--and was swoonily comforted!  What a wonderful meat loaf this was, seasoned just right, served with a creamy swirl of mashed potatoes and yummy gravy and caramalized onions.  Did I mention, this portion would make TWO meals???  Really, I boxed it up at the end and had it the next day because yummm.We ordered a Bananas Foster for dessert (not knowing we were getting the aforementioned tiramisu!) and it was delicious.  The only thing I might wonder about--not really complain, just wonder--is that, isn't Bananas Foster usually served flaming?  Ours was not.  But it was wonderful anyway.I would go back to Todd's anytime.  The food is wonderful, the service accommodating and kind.  Highly recommended, five stars.
5	The Christmas Eve dinner was spectacular!  Loved the oysters app and the veal chop!  My wife's beef Oscar was to die for as well.Like always the service was great.Todd's never disappoints - This is my favorite restaurant in town.
5	This Annual feast is a wondrous repast!  The favors build, the waitstaff is worthy of respect, the bar well staff with knowledge!  Worthy of a return -  for me, again and again!
5	We always look forward to dinner at Todd's.  I was there a couple weeks ago with friends that asked to return after I suggested going here last Christmas.  This is a hidden jewel.  My husband & I had New Year's  Eve dinner last night & it was excellent.  Have never had a meal here that wasn't wonderful.  Thanks Todd for preparing such great food.Nick & Virgie
5	We visited there for my son's 21st birthday. The food was outstanding!!! The service was good, and they surprised our son with a special desert.  They made us feel welcomed, and got us a last minute reservation. We would definitely return.
