5	Used them twice when my mom and I moved out of her apartment and again when we moved into her house. Does a great job at what he does and lives up to his word. Of course she's going to use him again.
5	I Clean Carpets cleaned the carpet in my rental property in Tempe. The house was rented to 4 college students and was really dirty. The results were amazing. Service was prompt and fairly priced. I highly recommend them to anyone.
5	Wow!  I called based this company based on a Yelp review I found this AM.  This guy/business owner answered his phone right away and set up an appointment for me the same day which was this afternoon.  He showed up on time - was friendly, clean and professional.  He also charged me a VERY fair rate!  His work was perfection.  My couch looks brand new, my 5 year old son's carpet looks wonderfully clean and my cool modern White Shag area carpet looks great (again!)Wonderful company!  Highly recommeded! :)Sandra
5	I found Rob using the "Hot New Businesses" option on my Yelp app looking for a new local restaurant to support: instead, I found I Clean Carpets.  I called him to inquiry about cleaning our living room furniture.  He answered immediately, was professional and the price was right.  He quoted me a price on the phone and unlike "other" cleaners I've used in the past, he didn't try to up-sell me or "add-on" additional services like pre-treating, deodorizing, etc.  EVERYTHING was included.  I didn't mention the throw pillows we had in the living room (9 total) on the phone because it didn't dawn on me to include them: he threw those in for free!!!He called 30 minutes before the quoted window of arrival and confirmed an exact time.  He arrived on-time, was professional looking and polite.  When he was done cleaning -SPENT 3 HOURS on 1 sofa, a chair, an ottoman and 9 throw pillows- he showed us the "dirty" water: OH MY WORD, it was filthy!!!  I used another cleaning service, Pro-Clean (still have the receipt and found him by using the smart shopper coupon that comes in the mail on Wednesdays) less than a year ago; clearly he DID NOT do a good job!  There's no way my couches got THAT DIRTY in 9-10 months!  On top of that, he only spent about an hour and a half here and he DID NOT do the pillows!  He also sold me on the "pre-treating" of the stains (which came back when they dried), deodorizing and charged SIGNIFICANTLY more than Rob did.  I have NO DOUBT that you will be 100% satisfied with his work!  Do NOT hesitate to call Rob, I Clean Carpets for all your steam cleaning needs!Thank you I Clean Carpets!
5	Found him on yelp and called him Saturday morning.  He was able to come out within a couple hours to clean our recliners.  Great guy, did a wonderful job on everything.  Gave us a flat rate and stuck to it.  He never tried to up sell anything!  I definitely would recommend him to anyone that needs carpet/ furniture cleaned!  Two recliners professionally cleaned for $75 dollars.  Calling him back in a couple weeks to clean entire house for under $100!!!    Thanks Rob!
5	Found I Clean Carpets on Yelp.Rob answered his phone, set appointment.Showed up EARLY to do carpets and couch.I found Rob to be very knowledgeable and straight forward.The price for the carpet and couch quoted was what I paid.  NO UP-CHARGES. Rob did a fantastic job and I will be referring him to my real estate clients.
5	I too found Rob on Yelp.  I called to make an appointment and he was able to come out the next morning.  Don't judge me but I had some particularly nasty pet stained and coffee stained white carpet.  I was moving out of a rental and figured there was no way I would get my deposit back even after I had the carpets cleaned.... That is until Rob showed up,  He did an awesome job, was incredibly knowledgeable and went above and beyond the average commercial cleaners that I have used in the past.  He quoted me a very fair price before he started cleaning (about half of what his competitors would have charged) and that was the same price I paid when he was done.  My carpets looked almost new and definitely better than when I moved in.   Rob even checked in with me the next day to make sure I was still happy with the results and offered to come back if I wasn't!  Talk about great service!   I would definitely recommend him to anyone, and yes I got my entire deposit back!
5	Rob was a referral from a friend and exceeded all expectations. He cleaned one of my rental properties, which has had carpets cleaned 5 times now by various cleaners, and hands down I Clean Carpets is the best. Here's why; Rob answered the phone when I calledHe scheduled the day I had in mind for the cleaningHe showed up on time and called ahead as requestedIt was clear he spent MORE time cleaning than prior companiesIt was very clear he charged LESS than prior cleaning companiesThe results were amazingAs the other reviews state, he doesn't hassle w/ up-charges or add-ons. Pre-treat was standard and included in his price. He has a keen eye for picking out stains I hadn't even noticed and giving them extra attention.Bottom line...better results, less money, professional service. Thanks so much Rob!
5	Finally found a carpet cleaning PROFESSIONAL! Rob was very understanding of our situation, flexible (had to re-schedule twice) and once we met Rob we knew wefound our man! Rob listened to our concerns and was very up front with us as far asexpectations (our carpets WERE trashed) and price (no games, charged same as quoted before he started). First rate equipment, knowledge and guy!!!! Wish all people in the home services industry were like Rob "No stress"SethP.S. forgot to mention carpets AND tile came out Ten times better : )
5	Rob was great! Not only was he super friendly, he did an amazing job on my carpets. He does not do any up-selling and there are no hidden/additional fees; what he quoted was what I paid. I have two small dogs and you'd never know it after Rob was there. I would highly recommend I Clean Carpets for ANY carpet cleaning need.
5	i have never before written a review for anyone or anything.  I found Robert on Yelp along with two other carpet cleaning services.  Of the three that I called,  Robert was the most direct and had the lowest price.  He quoted me a price on the phone and after 4 hours of hard work, he honored the same price.  To say that he earned his 5 star rating is a fact.  I will definitely use I Clean Carpets again and will also recommend him to all.
5	I called Robert to get carpets cleaned before new furniture arrived, he was very accomadating and worked me into a time frame just perfect for me. Robert arrived helped move items that were in the way, sprayed pretreatment then started cleaning. The cleaning was very thorough, going over trouble spots until they were as clean as the rest of the rooms. I expecte the job to take about an hour but Robert spent over two hours doing the best job I have ever seen on cleaning carpets. I was given a lot of tips on keeping the carpets in good order and helping to prolong the life of them. What a great guy doing a great job, thanks again for the good job.
5	Based on yelp reviews, I called I CLEAN CARPETS.  The price he gave me over the phone was the price, no upsale and no surprises.  He came to clean the grout and did an awesome job. Pre-treating was included in the price. He took his time and did the job well.  He was friendly and polite.  I would highly recommend Rob, I CLEAN CARPETS, for your grout cleaning.
5	Rob was able to clean my carpets the same day I called him. He was very personable, does great work, and charges a reasonable price. I highly recommend him.
5	I contacted I Clean Carpets due to the good reviews on Yelp.  Rob quoted me a great price on carpet cleaning for two bedrooms, and was able to schedule me in on a weekend.  When he showed up, he noticed I was working on the grout on my tile floors.  He offered his cleaning services on the tile as well, and gave me a great deal.  Saved me from more hours of scrubbing on hands and knees!  He got it all knocked out in about an hour, and the floors looked great.   I will definitely call on him again!
5	I called Robert on Friday afternoon and he was out in Saturday morning. He called while en route with an ETA and arrived promptly on time. After assessing the situation he promptly began to work setting up protective guards to keep the wall corners and furnishings from getting damaged from the hoses. Robert spent an hour and a half cleaning two sectional sofas, and he kept me apprised of his progress along the way.Upon finishing Robert mentioned that he guarantees his work and if I had any issues after the sofas had dried to call him and he would come back out at no charge.Before leaving he gave me a bottle of deodorizer and a bottle of enzyme cleaner at no charge.Highly recommended. Prompt, professional and courteous.
5	If I could give Rob 6 stars I would!!! He is that fantastic. I called Rob on a Saturday morning and told him that I wanted the tile, carpet and one couch cleaned. He booked me in that same day. He was extremely prompt and arrived when he said he was going to. I even got a phone call to let me know he was on his way. The price he quoted me on the phone was very close to what he charged me and true to his word there was no up-sell. My first impression of Rob was very positive. He is a very nice and personable guy and let me tell you, a very hard worker. I love people that take pride in their work and do their best job each and every time. That is Rob. The job at my house was bigger than I thought. Rob spent over 35 minutes alone doing the carpeting in just one of my bedrooms. Amazing dedication to his craft, and oh my the carpet had never looked so clean. He also did my fabric couch and it now looks brand new! The tile floors look equally fantastic. When I woke up this morning and walked into the kitchen I could not believe how clean everything looked. Hats off to you Rob, you clean as well if not better than my Mom and that is the greatest compliment I could give you. I highly recommend Rob. In fact, I am going to give my Mom a call and have her use Rob to clean her tile and carpets.
5	We feel Rob did a very good job cleaning our home carpet. We found him to be a very hard worker/conscientious and spent 5 hours(!) doing the cleaning. We were quoted a price for the cleaning over the phone based on the SF of our carpet and Rob stuck to that figure and didn't try to up-sell in any way.  He even did some extra work we weren't expecting. He followed-up with a phone call a few days later to make sure we were happy with his work.Highly Recommended.
5	After having my carpets cleaned by Robert this past Saturday, all I can say is WOW! He was friendly, efficient, knowledgeable, and honest.  To begin, he was able to schedule my the day right after I called and worked around my schedule.  He called me when he was heading out to my condo and gave me his ETA and arrived exactly when he said he would (which is a rarity- most companies arrive hours after they originally scheduled, without telling you).  Not only were his prices affordable (no up-sell; exactly the amount he gave me on the phone), the carpets are cleaned beyond my expectation.  They look brand new.  He efficiently cleaned every part of my carpet and spent extra time on trouble areas for no extra cost.  I was amazed how diligent and hard working he was!  Once he was finished, he even gave me special carpet cleaning spray to use on my carpets in the future (for no cost!) Overall, I made an excellent decision choosing I Clean Carpets and Robert.  Affordable AND quality service!  Robert was extremely personable and did incredible work on my carpet.  He even called me the next day to see how my carpet was and if I had any questions or concerns (great customer service!)  I cannot emphasize enough how pleased I am with my carpets!  Definitely call Robert if you need your carpets cleaned! You won't regret it!
5	Rob was on time and did great work.  Extremely thorough and well cleaned carpets.  Professional and personable, he left me a bottle of his own stain cleaner.
5	Had a couple bad experiences with vendors stating they could not reach our condo due to it's distance from the parking lot. Called Robert who stated it would be no problem. He arrived on time and did a great job with the filthy carpet left behind by the previous owner. Not only that but he was the highest value of anyone I contacted. I would definitely recommend him to firends/family.
5	I couldn't be more happier with Robert's service. I called him on Wednesday afternoon and he was able to come out first thing the next morning. He was very quick, professional, and honest! He set up guards around the walls and appliances to be sure not to damage anything in the home. We had a large entertainment center broken down but forgot to move it out of the area that was being treated. He was helpful and started helping us move our own furniture! So nice and so not necessary!! He was able to get the pet stains out of the carpet and gave us a great deal for cleaning the whole house (1,748 sq feet) - we are so pleased with his honesty, hard work, and competitve pricing. He even showed us (after confirming we already ate our breakfast!) what he was able to pull out of our carpets. BUCKETS of YUCK! We will be calling and recommending Robert to all of our family and friends. Thank you so much for such a great experience!
5	Robert was super quick and efficient.  I can't add anything more than the other 5 star reviews have already stated.  He cleaned my Goodyear home in preparation for a rental, and I'll use him in the future every time we change tenants.
5	Also found I Clean Carpets on Yelp. I love the idea that the smallest businesses can get serious traction on Yelp by delivering exceptional service. Rob, the owner, answered the phone and set the appointment for a few days later. He called while en route (as promised) and arrived on time. The price he quoted was what I paid - about half the price of the competition. Now for the nitty gritty on the attention to detail that makes me swoon:I have about 700 square feet of carpet - 3 bedrooms and a combined living/dining area. The carpeting I have is about 7 years old but was in pretty bad shape. Lots of stains and general traffic dirt/wear. We have a large dog and kids, and for some reason the carpet situation has escalated out of control even though I have them regularly cleaned. I now see that the problem was that I had been using Chem Dry. I noticed in the past 2 years with Chem Dry cleanings that the carpets just didn't seem to be getting clean anymore! When the carpets were newer, it wasn't as obvious that the Chem Dry system is simply inferior to traditional carpet cleaning by professionals who know what they're doing. Rob explained why my carpets weren't getting clean - and how the oil from the dog's coat/skin attracts dirt... and what to do for various types of stains (red wine, mustard, etc.). The mini carpet tutorial was great! He also left a free bottle of stain treatment before he left, which is a great customer service touch.I have had one particularly large stain in the middle of the room for about 2 years. I never knew what it was - glue, paint, something that kids spilled? Chem Dry people worked on it over multiple visits (and charged me extra), but basically said I had to have the carpet replaced (6 year old carpet!) because it was a "chemical burn". Huh? Rob took one look at that stain and said, "no problem". The stain is COMPLETELY gone! I seriously thought I was going to have to replace that carpeting.... and I didn't have to pay a penny more for stain removal!He is definitely not a hardcore upseller - everything that other companies charge extra for is included (pre-conditioner, stain treatment, etc.). I did have him optionally "scotch guard" the whole house for $50 since all of the original scotch guard was gone. I felt this was a very reasonable price compared to what I've been quoted in the past (hundreds). He also offered to clean a large area rug for $20! This is a ridiculous price! I have paid over $100 elsewhere, and was stuck having to roll it up, drag it there, pick it up. Huge convenience. And it came out awesome.Both Rob and his employee (sorry, I forgot his name!) were SO friendly and just all around ethical, nice guys. I would recommend them to anyone, anytime. I have never had a better carpet cleaner in the 13 years I've lived in the valley!
5	The rebel carpet cleaner. Did a great job on my carpets at a great price. Fast, complete and even left me a bottle of his maguc potion for spills that may come later. I am strongly considering him to do my tile floors. Great job Robert.
5	Robert is awesome!I called to schedule an appointment. We discussed how I was concerned about all of the stains my pets have left on our carpets from vomit, pee, and poop... You name it.Robert came to the house on time and got started. He used a "water claw" on our carpets in the tough to clean areas. He soaked the urine spots and then sucked up the water with this device. The result was amazing! 1 year old stains were gone... And are still looking great over a week later. We also had our tile done. The grout is the cleanest it's been since we moved in. We will definitely be using Robert again. His prices our reasonable and he cares about the job he does. He does all of the jobs himself and calls back a few days later to make sure you are 100% happy with the work. Otherwise, he will come back and fix it at no charge.
5	How I wish all businesses were run the way Rob runs his. Very courteous, extremely efficient service with equipment that does a superb job even with problematic areas. Rob takes the time to ensure really thorough cleaning and also gives very useful advice on carpet maintenance and what products to avoid. His rates are also very good, with no extra charges that other carpet cleaning businesses would add on after giving you the initial quote.  I was so impressed with his work, level of professionalism, and rates that a rating of five stars just doesn't seem to be enough! There are very few businesses that I can highly recommend without any reservations, and I Clean Carpets is at the top of the list.
5	Hey Robert, thanks for the great job, time and effort you exerted when doing our carpets last night.  Even though it was early evening you took your time, showed care for the carpets and did a great job.  We worked with our last company for over 12 years and we will DEFINITELY be working with you now. Thanks again.
5	We have used many carpet cleaning companies to clean our near white colored carpet and none have done it as thoroughly and gotten it as clean as Rob, owner of I Clean Carpets.  He is a small one-person operation working with a truck mounted steam cleaning machine and he is very nice, experienced, and professional in all aspects of the job.  He was willing to quote me over the phone, called when he was on his way, moved all items and furniture off the carpet, spent a considerable amount of time going over and over dirtier areas, did not try to upsell me, and most importantly, left me with very clean, near white carpet.  ...And did I mention that we have a dog!He was not expensive at all but it was a bit more than we are used to paying, especially since we usually use Groupon and coupons.  It was worth it...the carpet is clean and I can tell that less chemical residue was left behind that would have attracted dirt which would lead to needing another cleaning all too soon.After the cleaning, he left me with instructions on drying and moving the items back, a couple of pairs of booties, and a spray bottle with a carpet cleaning solution for any spills or stains in between cleanings.  That was a nice touch!I would highly recommend Rob and I Clean Carpet to any family member or friend for residential or commercial cleanings.
5	So grateful to have found Rob! We have a two year old and two dogs. We had used another company for a few years and I was discouraged how they always wanted to up charge me for everything and they were in and out quickly. I had called a few different companies that I found on the Internet and was appalled how rude some of the businesses were.  Rob and his co worker were fantastic. Worked very hard, cleaned our entire house including our sectional couch. The couch looked better than when we first bought it. A friend of mine came over later that night and was amazed that the house smelled clean but no harsh odors like what we have had in the past. Rob was respectful, professional and hard working. He was very fair with pricing and worth every penny.  I have very high expectations of people who work on our home and he met everyone of them and actually exceeded my expectations.  It is businesses like this that deserve to succeed because they take excellent care of their customers.
5	Awesome, awesome, awesome! First of all, I don't just live in Maricopa...I live WAY out at a pretty far point in Maricopa.  But, he came with no complaints and no extra charges.  Second, he did such an incredibly thorough job on my cat pee stained carpets that they look amazing.  He went over each inch several times and even got down on his hands and knees occasionally to check the smell.  He also did a loveseat that was covered in cat hair and it looks brand new.  Third, he was so reasonably priced that I feel he may have undercharged and I feel a little guilty with as much work as he did.  Bonus:  left a bottle of spot cleaner and shoe coverings to protect the floor while it dries.  We've used two other companies before and were left with "crunchy" carpets afterwards or just sub par results that left me feeling like I could've done a better job myself with one of those rentals from the grocery store.  I will use and recommend Robert again and again.  Plus, it is just so nice to receive good customer service rather than having some kid who just wants to hurry up and finish the job.
5	Called in an emergency situation and he made time in his busy schedule to help me out in a bind.  Took extra time to be sure the job was done right!  Saw his reviews on yelp and took a gamble that they were not paid to post a positive review.  I can say this service and these reviews are the real deal.  This is an awesome service and company!  Paid a little more than a coupon discount with another cleaning service, but it was worth every penny. Thanks again for all your help!
5	Great communication, quality service, thorough cleaning, went back and worked on stains that I had pointed out and even gave me a bottle of cleaner before he left. I'm a big fan and I won't think twice to call again next time the carpets need a good cleaning. And oh yeah, he even did a couple throw rugs for me at no extra charge.Can't go wrong...absolutely recommended.
5	Robert is the best carpet cleaner I have ever used. He is always prompt, professional and does a fantastic job.  He protects the the walls and furniture properly and use top notch equipment.He has been out to my house twice now. I will not think twice about calling him in the future.
5	I don't know what to add to what's already been said.  Robert is professional, thorough and meticulous.  Great service and a fair price.  He did my carpet and my tile.  They look awesome.  No need to look anywhere else.  I will use him for all my carpet and tile cleaning needs.
5	I bought a new house and prepare to move in. The house has a strong smell of some kind of cleaning chemical that bothers me. I found and called Robert just because of the many great reviews of his business, and I am really, really glad that I choose him. He answered the phone on my first call and gave me a very fair estimate. The appointment was schedule for the next day.  He communicated with me on the estimate arrival time and informed me again on the actual arriving time when he is on the way. I found that is very helpful and effective. Robert arrived, took a quick look at my carpet, made some suggestions and comment, and started the cleaning. He told me to come back at a certain time if I don't want to be there. I came back promptly at that time, and he was done with the cleaning and winding up hoses on his truck. As soon as I walked in my house, I noticed immediately the difference. The bothering smell is gone. The house smell so good and fresh. Robert walked me through the house explaining everything he has done to make sure the carpet is well cleaned. He pointed out that the previous owner has pet. He showed me pet fur and something like cat litter still stuck on the cleaner and the water. He even clean all the carpet in all the closets in the house, which I didn't expect he would do.  He then gave me the invoice which show the exact amount as quoted on the phone.  I have to say that I am really impressed with his quality and professionalism of service as well as his honest. I am sure that the next time my carpet needs to be cleaned, he will be the one I am calling. And I will recommend hime to anyone who needs to have the carpet cleanned.  Trust me, if you have him work on your carpet, you won't be disappointed.
5	I can't tell you enough how happy I am with the carpet cleaning job Rob did yesterday at my home. We have had our carpets cleaned three other times since we moved in and NOTHING came even close to what they look like today. Rob told me they would look better than they did when we moved in and had them cleaned a couple of years ago and he was right!!! I will never do Chem Dry again, I had so much left over soap in my carpet from the last time they were here that he had to put a de-foaming agent in the reservoir outside to keep it from over flowing. He was personable, caring, no up-selling or pressure. Great prices as well.Thanks,Riley
5	We own 3 dogs and 2 cats, needless to say we get our carpets cleaned regularly.  This guy is the best hands down.  He got out stains that the last cleaner could not get up and our carpets have never looked better.  I have no intention of calling anyone else to clean our carpets again. This guy is the best!
5	Fast, friendly, honest, cheap. Can't go wrong!
5	I'm SO glad that I found Rob here on Yelp! The reviews were right...he was awesome! He was able to get out all of the stains and  any dark traffic areas from the carpets and it looked great, NOT CRUNCHY! I will definitely be calling him again in the future! :) Thanks again, Rob!
5	Rob is very accommodating, thorough, and kept me updated on his arrival time. Reasonably priced service. My carpet is better today than when we moved in. Thanks Rob!
5	I have officially joined the 5-star club!  Rob is as good as it gets, an owner who stands by his work and will make it right if you are not completely satisfied (trust me, you will be more then satisfied).  Rob does a follow up call to ensure his work has gone above and beyond your expectations, cannot ask for anything more.  I have found my go-to company.  Thank you for taking care of us, and thanks for the bottle of cleaner.
5	It has been a while since I have gotten my tile or carpets cleaned. I lived in a two story house with a roommate and a dog, and the mess that has generated throughout time had progressed. I heard of Robs business through word of mouth, and the work he completed really shows his professionalism. He completed my whole house in a reasonable time and his prices were acceptable. When I first met him on the phone, I got everything I needed to know. Rob made it very easy and I could tell through communication that he has a lot of experience. On the day of my cleaning appointment, he notified me minutes before he was going to arrive for me to plan accordingly. He was very polite and respectful of my furniture. Rob was dressed properly and the materials he used show he is not a frugal business owner. Everything seemed to go very smooth and simple. I never had to negotiate with him over prices or had to keep an eye on him because he is a stranger. Rob works fast and efficiently. I never knew my tile was so disgusting until he cleaned it.  I swept and mopped my tile once every week, so I figured it was clean but clearly it wasn't. He cleaned it spotless and it looks amazing! I can actually see I have grey grout now. All the grease stains on my carpet were completely eliminated. I do recommend him especially if you don't know much about carpet cleaning.
5	Professional: Yes. Easy to work with and respectful of my home.On time: No, but called to keep me aware of time changes.Scheduling: fit me in same day last minute when my other carpet guy didn't return my call.Quality of Clean: My carpet does not look brand new at all, but I asked for the barebones. The DIRT is gone, which is all I asked for. And they showed me the nasty that came out at the end. They pretreated, cleaned, ran an extra drying sweep then raked and done.Value: Top notch value. no upsales. no added taxes. and they give you a bottle of cleaner to spot clean in the future.I would use them in the future.
5	I found this place on Yelp and am way impressed.  My carpets are clean my chairs are clean and everything was done at an amazing price!  I totally recommend!
5	Quality work.  Fair prices.  They show up on time and follow up to make sure all went well.  We had 4 kitchen chairs that were about to be sent out to be replaced, and Rob wanted to give them a try before we replaced them, and somehow he got them to look new again.  The carpets look great as well and we will definitely be using them again.
5	We recently bought a new home. 3,200 sqft of dirty carpets and travertine. We thought we might have to replace the carpet due to stains and pet urine odors but decided to have the floors cleaned before we made a decision. Based on feedback from Yelp, I called I Clean Carpets and spoke with the owner Rob. He came out the following day and spent a good hour with a black light identifying urine stains and the best method for cleaning both the travertine and carpet. His price was much lower than I was expecting. We scheduled a day for the cleaning. Rob and his assistant showed up on time and were both very professional. They took their time and really treated my home like it was their own. I was very impressed. The outcome was incredible. Rob showed me the water they had extracted. I could not believe what was in my carpet. He followed up with a call the following day to confirm my satisfaction. Thank you Rob. I look fwd to referring and using your services in the future.
5	I am not going to be lengthy.  Simple and short.  If you live in Phoenix metro area and not using Rob you are making mistake.The consummate professional. He doesn't go head and shoulders above what is expected... He goes miles beyond what is expected.
5	Rob did a fantastic job of cleaning my carpets !! Professional , very knowledgable , prompt and the lists goes on. I have always taken care of having my carpets cleaned on a yearly basis, I saw Rob s review on Yelp and was impressed so  thought I would give him a try--- I am so glad I did. He showed me what had been left behind in my carpets from the other company that cleaned them in the prior years. I will recommend him to my neighbors and friends, I am a fan!Thank you Rob,KAV , Gold Canyon, AZ
5	After 2 years of living in our Townhome, our carpet was in some serious need of a deep cleaning.  My requirements were value, customer ratings, and how soon they could be here.I called Rob 1st after reading the glowing reviews (the ratings are authentic!) but got his VM.  Rob called me back that night (8:30) after he finished another job (wow). His enthusiasm and passion for his company convinced me to cancel with another provider...very happy I did....five stars...highly recommended!
3	Unfortunately Rob cancelled our appointment set up for Saturday. He rescheduled for Tuesday. He did a great job besides this inconvenience.
5	I'm so glad I had Rob come out and clean my carpets. Great service, great price, and my rugs look great. That's a lot to say after years of teenage boys running through my house! I am now renting out the house and plan on Rob cleaning each time I get new tenants.
5	This review has been long overdue. I contacted Rob at "I Clean Carpets" after reading the amazing reviews about his company. Hands down, I Clean Carpets is the best carpet and tile cleaning business in the valley.I contacted Rob and scheduled my appointment a couple weeks out so I can get on his books early. After explaining what I needed done he gave me an estimate over the phone that was very reasonable. We have been living in our house for about 5 years (new build) and have never had the carpets cleaned. We have a set of 4 year old twins and one on the way so we figured it was about time.Rob called me as he was getting ready to leave his previous customers house and explained how far away he was. He then called again explaining their was some traffic and would be there shortly. I understand traffic and accidents happen and Rob is very good communicating with his customers his estimated time of arrival.Rob and his assistant showed up and immediately started setting up. He placed corner guards around the house and even helped move some furniture. I had about 1500 Sq. ft. of tile and grout that I needed cleaned and sealed and also 4 bedrooms of carpet cleaning. Rob and his assistant tackled the tile first and started with a pre-treatment. His assistant then went around and brushed every grout line until it looked brand new again. After the brush job, they hit it with a powerful pressure washer which made the tile look immaculate.My carpets were in pretty good shape and had a few small spots. Rob was able to easily remove these spots and made the carpets smell and look brand new again.After all the tile and carpet was cleaned he applied a scotch guard to the carpets and sealed all the tile and grout. Rob and his assistant did an amazing job!! They were very professional, clean and took great care during the entire process. After speaking with Rob you can tell he has been in the business for a long time and knew all the tips and secrets.As he was leaving he gave me a bottle of spot removal if any future spills may occur. Rob also called me the following day to follow up with the carpet and tile cleaning and wanted to make sure that I was completely satisfied. Talk about customer service!!! I was so happy with the service I received!! I will be using Rob in the future and will be recommending him to all of my friends and family.
5	Rob and his services are fantastic!  Wish I was around to watch him in action but my brother said he did an excellent job and my carpets reflect it.  They dried fairly quickly as well and they feel clean, not crunchy and weird.  He called to see if he could come earlier because he had a cancellation- since we weren't quite ready for him, he was very helpful in moving my things out of the way so he could do his magic.  Professional, honest, affordable, can't say enough great things about this business!
5	I saw these reviews and thought, "How in the hell can a CARPET GUY get so many 5-stars?? It's CARPET CLEANING."  And then he called (late, like someone else said, after a long workday). And then he was able to come out within a day or two, like someone else said. And then he & I had a convo about Yelp and how wonderful it is & I got a discount for being a committed Yelper. And then he showed up and I was schooled...Until Rob walked in, I have never met anyone who is actually PASSIONATE about carpet cleaning. He's been doing it a long time, and it still actually EXCITES him. He talks about carpet stain victories like an enthusiastic fan talking about his favorite winning team. "I Clean Carpets" isn't the name of his business as much as it is his bold proclamation to Planet Earth (or at least metro Phoenix), water vacuum held high in victory stance. He's nice, personable, really careful with stuff in the house, brought a great assistant who was just as nice. And when Rob talks dirty carpet, you can tell he's FIRED UP. He's not acting, he's not making you feel good, he's genuinely PASSIONATE about cleaning carpets.I know, I keep saying it, using all-caps. But... Huh. Who knew. Like learning about a sub-species of humans I never knew existed.His work reflects it. Enough said - the 5-stars are actually all accurate. Craziest thing.Only recommendation for improvement: Change the biz name from "I Clean Carpets" to "I CLEAN CARPETS!!!"
5	Rob did an amazing job at my new home. Putting aside his two most reviewed positive characteristics-- promptness and fair prices--he's just a great guy, who really cares about carpet cleaning!!! While he was cleaning we had good conversations about maintenance and other related topics. He's been doing this for 16 years!!! Hire him and you'll be glad you did.
5	A few days after Rob had cleaned our carpets, I noticed a pet urine odor in one of the rooms. The previous owners had a dog that must have used this room as his toilet. I called Rob and for a nominal fee he returned to clean and treat the room with urine enzyme killer. The smell is gone. Thanks Rob!
5	It doesn't get better than Robert,Very easy to work with he's  reliable and a very nice person to top it off. I recommend Rob and his services to many of my clients after we move them (did I mention I own a Moving Co.) lol. You won't be disappointed I assure you. In Yelp we Trust!
5	The 5 star reviews are all true!  Rob was friendly, honest, service oriented and really knew his stuff.  The price was reasonable and best of all, Rob gave ma a quote on the phone and stuck to his estimate. My experience has been that many I get a quote on the phone and then the price changes once the cleaners are in my house (and they see that I've already moved furniture etc to get my carpets cleaned!). The carpets look like new again. I would definitely use this service again.
5	This guy Robert knows how to conduct customer service. I found him through YELP.COM here, gave Robert a phone call and he was back to me with in a day. Told him my situation. He said he could drop by that evening, but we schedule for the weekend (Saturday) instead. He called to let me know his ETA that day. He was on-time. He didn't jerk me around, gave me his exact price and stuck to it. Told me his process for cleaning my carpet. Gave me a bottle for any spots/spills in the future and was done within 1 hour. Living room carpet was cleaned and honestly made me think about holding off tiling the living room for awhile. Robert, you're the man... thanks and I'd refer you to anyone.
5	I have used this company twice in the short time I've lived here. I have a 50lb dog and light colored carpets. Both times Robert has been professional, friendly and honest! He has a passion for doing the job quickly and efficiently. I will ONLY use him and highly recommend him as he has a highly reputable company! He explained the process and was able to effectively treat and remove all the pet stains and visible wear and tear from foot traffic, the carpets look brand new!
5	I decided to have my carpets and sofa cleaned just a few days before hosting a family get-together. Thankfully, Rob was able to fit me into his busy schedule. He was extremely professional, on time and did an amazing job. I would definitely recommend him.
5	1 man did the work of 3 with the results of a 10 man crew. This guy takes pride in his work and it shows. My neighbor already wants to use him and he just left my house. Outstanding job. Works his butt off for every one of the 5 stars he gets
5	I signed up on yelp just to write this review.  I really just wanted to get our tile cleaned,  but I thought at his price I'd get the carpet cleaned also.  Our carpet is shot. Embarrassed to have people see it.  It's old,  has dog stains.....   We've had a big name co come out and clean it several times.  When their done the house always smells & the carpet looks bad again in about a week.  Robert came out several weeks ago, & even though he was running late (due to a problem with equipment ),  he took his time, didn't rush.  Carpet still looks awesome!!!!!  Tile looks great!!!!!   So impressed,  you almost don't want to recommend him out of fear he'll get to busy & will start cutting corners.   Robert, as long as you always do such an excellent job,  I will keep recommending you.
5	Amazing!!!! Robert returned calls quickly and managed our expectations on his arrival time! Our furniture and rug looks great!!! He took  extreme care and time with each piece!  We also had our vents done! We are extremely happy  with the results and his professionalism! Highly recommend Robert!!!
4	I called Robert yesterday to request a cleaning in the North West Phoenix region (just shy of Anthem).  It rang and rang and went to voicemail.  I hung up!  While debating whether to call back and leave a message (as most reviewers stated that Robert is excellent at returning messages), he called back!!!  So, excellent start to the service, Robert!Though our location was extremely far out for him and his earliest available day would be approx five days out, he does have a partner he works with who he believed would be available.  Robert was extremely informative and VERY patient with me (calling on behalf of a woman who's first language is not English and I had to keep forcing Robert to wait while I relayed information back and forth).  Robert told me he would call his partner and get back to me within 10 minutes.  Before the 10 minutes were up, Robert called back!Robert was very informative, helpful, and patient.  On top of that, his prices beat out the other companies I had contacted who had similar or worse ratings.  Better ratings, better price, can this be too good to be true?Robert's partner, Alex, was able to come to the house that afternoon and do the cleaning.  I am giving only four stars for a few reasons:1.  Robert told me he would call me when Alex was en route to the house for his 3p-5p window.  I never received this call.  2.  I have not seen the cleaning myself.  I have heard that it was done well, the guy was nice, and everything went smoothly.  I can't honestly do a 5 start until I see the finished product myself and will not be at that house until next week at the earliest.  3.  I have not used any other carpet cleaning companies myself and therefore have no person experience in order to compare "I Clean Carpets" with any other company.I am giving four stars because:1.  Robert was extremely helpful, informative, and patient..2.  Robert was very fast to respond to my calls.3.  The price was better than Stanley Steemer and a couple other companies that are just as good and companies that aren't nearly as good.4.  Despite being a little out of Robert's service area, he still managed to work with us and even got us a same day cleaning!  How cool is that?5.  Professionalism, kindness, and overall greatness.  This just seems like a great company to me and none of the 5-start reviews were wrong in their satisfaction with this company.
5	I am giving Robert 5 stars across the board. He was prompt in scheduling me at my convenience, called on the way and showed up on time...that alone warrants a 5 star consideration. The quality of the cleaning was above and beyond what I thought possible. I just had my carpets cleaned yesterday and although the carpets are already dry, I have not moved the furniture back in the rooms because I want to enjoy looking at what looks like brand new carpeting!
5	A great experience, end-to-end. Rob returned my initial voicemail very quickly that same day, and was able to accommodate my limited schedule. He arrived right on time the day of the service, and was a pleasure to work with. A huge pet stain in the middle of one carpet disappeared completely after Rob's efforts. The price he charged actually came in lower than the initial quote, and he fixed a ripped edge of the carpet for a nominal amount - a huge help. I will call Rob again the next time I have carpet cleaning needs. Thanks, Rob.
5	Rob really helped save my deposit. I called late on a Friday night, he made time for me early Sunday morning and managed to help get my deposit back. I am ecstatic by the job he did. He was professional, helpful and knew exactly what he was talking about.Thanks Rob.
5	Rob did an amazing job with my carpets - the best job that has ever been done on them by far!  He was thorough and took time to make sure everything was clean.  I was going to try to replace my carpets because they looked pretty beat up.  After Rob cleaned them, they looked like brand new!  No need to replace the carpet just yet!  The other great thing about using Rob was that the carpet was left feeling soft and new, not crusty and worn like other companies have left them in the past.  I HIGHLY recommend Rob to come clean your carpets - or anything else you need cleaned in your house!  He did an amazing job and I will definitely be using him again!  Thanks, Rob!
4	We called Rob to have him come clean our condo carpets. He called my boyfriend back within the day and next day and set up a cleaning for the following weekend. He said he would be there between 1-3 on Saturday which was fine with us. We spent hours Saturday morning getting all the furniture off the carpet and in the kitchen/ outside. We were stuck with nothing but the floor and TV as we waited... at 3:3--4 ish we still hadn't heard from him. At 5 I told my boyfriend he had to call to see where he was... we were getting impatient and all our furniture was outside! Rob said he was sorry and was having issues with his van and was running behind schedule. That was okay with us, just would have appreciated the heads up because we had dinner plans that now had to be canceled. Rob said he would be there around 5:30- 6:30, more waiting. Rob didn't show up until after 7 and didn't end up leaving until around 9:30 pm. It had taken up our entire day and we had to sit and wait from 1-7pm then had to leave our furniture outside overnight which we were not pleased about. Overall, when he got there he did a great job but the timing and communication was not great. We would have appreciated a call of changes in timing. He got most of our red wine stain on the carpet, did and upstairs and downstairs plus the stairs and got all the cat hair off the carpet (there wasn't much).Rob also came back 2 weeks after to spray our 2 spots that didn't come off when he previously sprayed (tough spots). The communication was much better this time, although my boyfriend did get a text saying "call you soon" when Rob called over 2 hours later around 10pm. He really is good at what he does and we were informed he may be hiring a secretary which would clear up all of our communication "issues." He was so kind to "refund" us for what we would have paid for the dinner and state fair plans we had the first day he came.
5	You don't find many businesses that work the way this one - extreme work ethic, professional, and does an excellent job. I am so impressed that I can't say enough. They cleaned my monster sectional and it is beautiful! Robert also did my carpets - even after he had thrown out his back - and they looked like new carpets - literally. He puts 100% into what he does. I had Stanley Steemer in the past - overpriced and does a very mediocre job. I would like to see Robert become a national chain. He would be a millionaire with the quality he does. It's astounding. Thank you Robert!!!! P.S. Robert - Adding an update - I got 100% of my rental deposit back! Thanks to you!
5	Five stars only because six isn't an option. Quality work and a great value. If friends are looking for a carpet cleaning company, Rob is an easy referral.
5	Very impressed with Rob and his "one man carpet cleaning" company!!! The carpets look better than they did when I moved in!  I will recommend him to others and will definitely call him again!
5	I found Rob on Yelp and called him last minute for a carpet cleaning prior to moving out of my condo.  He was very kind and professional from the beginning and I immediately felt relieved knowing that he would do a great job.  He worked with my tight schedule and was able to be in and out in time for my cleaners to get in there before our walk through.  Additionally, the job was VERY affordable AND well done.  Moving is expensive and it is nice to know there are people who realize that and provide services for a fair price.  I would most definitely recommend Rob at I clean carpets for any floor cleaning needs!  Thanks, Rob!
5	Funny business name but Rob is LEGIT!  What sold me at first on Rob is that with him you don't have to play the price game. What he quotes/charges you may very well be higher than what you see in those coupon mailers BUT all said and done, I bet he will cost the same or even less after they come to your house and upsell you on special treatments, sq. footage, etc.  With Rob he is up front about offering you the best level of service he can give you without the sleazy sales strategies.  The cleaning itself was very thorough, my wife and I are very sensitive when it comes to chemical smells and allergies and we both have absolutely no complaints.  In terms of spot cleaning, our carpet is probably from '93 (we are not original owners) but he was able to get out or improve on spots the other guys couldn't.We'll definitely be calling him again in the future!
5	It has taken me FAR too long to write this review. I Clean Carpets saved my deposit from my last apartment. My husband and I have two exceptionally well potty trained dogs, so deep carpet cleaning was never an issue. We made sure we had a good vacuum, and didn't spill our drinks. But when one of our boys, Dak had a nasty bladder infection, followed immediately by bladder stones our carpet was screwed.  Poor boy was not even aware he was peeing most of the time, must less let us know he had to go outside. I found Rob on Yelp... and he came with spectacular reviews so we gave him a shot. I called Rob, and he answered while driving to another job. Told me he could call me back but it might be late. I told him no worries. He called me back that night ( a little after 10pm) and we set an appointment. I was so touched that he called, even after what sounded like an exceptionally busy day. Sadly, I was not there to watch the master at work - since I myself had to work, but my husband was... and was blown away. Rob got to work right away, and even took the time to send ME pictures of the different (and of the gunk he pulled out from the carpet!) He gave us a discount for paying him cash, AND for finding him on Yelp. He also gave us some business cards to hand out, good for 10% off. We got our full pet deposit back. They said the carpet looked great, and it was hard to tell we had two dogs. Rob is amazing. He takes pride in his work, and it shows. Everyone who mentions getting their carpets cleaned gets a business card or at least a phone number from me. When we move out of this place Rob, you know we're going to call you - even if the Boys haven't had any accidents yet, you never know. 10 Stars!
5	Rob is a carpet cleaning monster!!  He showed up to clean the 4,000 square feet of carpeting at my office at noon on Christmas Eve Eve (23rd) and he worked like a machine until the old, faded carpet looked brand spanking new!  It was hours and hours of hard work and he did it efficiently and with a smile!  The sludge that he pulled out of our office carpets was easily the most distressing thing I've seen in along time.  So gross!!Rob left me with a bottle of cleaning solution for touch ups and even gave me a bottle of solution for the occasional accidents my two cats have at home too!  (Thank you!)  Later he called me to follow up on my satisfaction and offered to come back if anything wasn't perfect.The price was absolutely reasonable and he didn't try any silly pricing games with me either.  I knew the price per square foot going in and the price stayed that way when I went to pay.  How many carpet cleaners can you say the same about?  That's what I thought...If you need your carpets cleaned, I mean REALLY cleaned, not just kinda cleaned and you don't want any BS pricing games then you have to call Rob.  In fact, I plan on scheduling him to come clean my house carpets as soon as I finish some home improvement projects.  See you soon, Rob!
5	I can't speak highly enough about Rob. He is incredible! After losing my job a few years ago, I decided to rent out my house and live on my friend's couch rather than lose the house. I'm finally in a position to move back in. When I got the keys back, I was heartbroken at the complete and utter filth everywhere. The carpets looked gray instead of tan, with bright pink and yellow stains to boot. When Rob first walked in, he asked if the renters had pets, because he could smell something funky. I couldn't smell it, but that's probably because I don't do what Rob does every day. He pulled out his black light and I was flabbergasted at the urine spots that were EVERYWHERE! I'm not sure if the renter's dog every peed outside, because there were hundreds of urine spots in every single room. Nasty! There is an additional charge for pet treatment, but Rob never pressured me at all. He gave me some options, and I decided that it was worth the money to get it pet treated. I certainly don't want my house to stink when it gets hot! Rob did such a fantastic job. The carpets look almost new! I would recommend him to anyone and everyone. He really is that good!
5	When I first read the reviews for I clean carpets I thought that maybe Robert had a large contingency of family and friends going on here and saying the most amazing compliments to him. After having him to my home to clean an area rug I found out why everyone is raving. Not only does he do an excellent job cleaning, go above and beyond fighting stains, but he truly delivers the customer service portion that is missing in most of today's service industry. Robert called me back and quoted me within the same business day that I left him a message, even though his voice mail said he was booked until January 20thm Rob found a way to fit my cleaning in. I cannot recommend I clean carpets enough. Quality, safety, professionalism, and customer service, all at a very reasonable price.
5	While searching for a good carpet cleaning service I came upon I Clean Carpets on Yelp.  With all the Five Star ratings I figured this guy, Rob, must be the best carpet cleaner around or he has a lot of friends sending in Five Star ratings.  After having my carpet cleaned by Rob this past week I can tell you that both are true.  Rob does do an incredible job and all these "friends" are new friends he makes by being such a nice guy and doing everything he can to satisfy his customers.  He is very proud of his equipment and the service he gives and won't stop until the customer is completely satisfied with the job. I would hightly recommend Rob and I Clean Carpets.
5	Just had my carpets and tile done by Rob.  Best job done by far.   I would recommend Rob to anyone.
2	After reading reviews on this guy I was excited to get him to my place to do my sofa, chair and 2 bedrooms. I text him with a appt request for 2/15 - 2 weeks out, he text back that he was booked for 2 weeks...OK, I asked him when was his next opening? He text back he doesn't go to Glendale, he failed to even ask what part of Glendale I'm located in (43rd & Glendale is my location)...but the reviews from his customers include Peoria (north of me), Litchfield Park (west of me) and Surprise (waaaay west of me and hell everyone else for that matter), his description states Phoenix and the surrounding areas and apparently that's not the case.Call to confirm before you get your hopes up high like I did. He recommended I call Mr. Clean Carpet Care - dude has no reviews and cleans TEMPE and the surrounding areas - NOT GLENDALE.
5	Rob was able to fit us in with less than 24hrs notice. Arrived within the time window that he gave us. Fast, friendly, and professional.The carpets look and feel fantastic. ..much better than hiring a rug doctor... which would leave you exhausted and slopping mucky water all over.
5	Awesome job Rob! I had never used a professional carpet cleaning service so I didnt know what to expect. Found Rob on yelp, so I called and booked him. He arrived on time, explained what he would do and went to town. He cleaned two bedrooms and a few area rugs. All came out beautifully clean. He was fast and thorough, and took pains to protect my walls from scuffs, etc. Very professional. I have him returning to do my tile grout soon. Price was very reasonable!
5	Rob with I Clean Carpets is amazing! He did my carpets today and they look amazing! I would call Rob a "carpet whisperer" and he really takes his work seriously and takes pride in his work as well. My house had serious pet urine problems from the previous tenant as well as house training my puppies. I got a solid price from him and he really worked within my budget. I should also mention he was here for 5.5 hours today taking years of gunk out of my carpet. I recommend Rob to anyone with carpet problems! He is a really nice guy and even left me a couple bottles of pet urine treatment.
5	Rob was fantastic. He did an excellent job, completely removing an old wine stain and a few pet stains. He cleaned my couch and it looks brand new. The carpet looks awesome. I'll never use anyone else! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5	Rob gave me a great quote and stuck to it, which unfortunately, many service businesses don't anymore. He did not attempt to upsell me, and instead left me 2 different products for when a stain or dog accident happens. And they weren't little bottles either.I will have Rob come back and do the rest of my house for sure, and will let me home owners know about his great service. I highly recommend Rob for a timely and excellent job, at a reasonable (very fair) price.
5	I had Rob clean my carpets (2 bedrooms, living/dining combo, and hallway) back in July 2013.  He does a fantastic job!  I'm a little embarrased as I have two dogs that aren't the best at going where they're supposed to.  Rob got my carpets super clean, took the time to use this super charged carpet cleaner in addition to the normal one and the price was just what he quoted me on the phone.  It took me too long to write a review about how awesome he is at his job but I'm now going to call and try to get him back out again (dogs again).   If you want a fair/honest price with no surprises and really clean carpet-call I Clean Carpets!!!!
5	I was excited to have my tile floors professionally cleaned, and one company stood WAY out, and I was excited to try "I Clean Carpets". Scheduling with Rob was fast and easy, and you couldn't ask for a better communicator. Rob does a great job of giving you an idea of arrival time, and even will update you with a text or call on actual arrival time.Once Rob gets to your location, he is a whirlwind of activity. He quickly gets his gear set up and explains the process. Rob's attention to detail was outstanding, and you can tell he is a consummate professional. I never knew 'wall bumpers' existed, but Rob placed them throughout the house, so that when the tubing from the cleaner was moved, it didn't imprint anything on the walls. Pretty cool, right?Rob got my floors so clean, I almost don't want to let anyone walk in the house. My dog is still mad that he has to wear baby socks- but hey- I am not messing up these floors!In short, you cannot go wrong with Rob, and "I Clean Carpet'. Rob knows his business, and takes better care of your floor than you do- so do yourself a favor and make that appointment today, you will be very happy you did!
4	I called I Clean Carpets due to the number of Yelp reviews and overall satisfied customers.  I have, unfortunately, had my share of pricey, bad carpet cleaners so I needed a new start.  Rob returned my call promptly and got me set up for an appointment.  He was on time and immediately got to work.  The carpets took a bit longer than most, but I was appreciative for the attention to detail.  My carpets turned out great and I would definitely recommend him to family and friends.  The price that was quoted was what I paid and he did not try and upsell me.  My only complaint was that, during the cleaning, Rob broke a fan pull leaving the fan permanently on high.  Not a big deal to repair, but he did not tell me.  I did not find this out until after he left.  When he called a couple of days later, I asked him about it.  Rob admitted he had done it and apologized for not telling me.  He offered to come back out and fix it, but I was able to handle it on my own (fan pull after all).  I would call Rob again in the future, but ask that he leave the fan operation to me.  Ha!
5	Outstanding job cleaning my carpets and cleaning and resealing my tile. Rob showed up at 10:00 and was at my home until 7:30. He moved furniture and went over and over the carpet and tile until it was clean. He is a perfectionist. He will stay at it until he feels it is done right. I would definitely recommend I Clean Carpets to anyone who wants a great job. I feel I received a great price also.
5	I called Rob and he got back to me as quickly as he could.  A neighbor had recommended him to over 10 friends and Rob has been very busy.  He has cleaned a neighbor's carpet that had some severe stains on it and the carpet looks brand new. He then cleaned the tile in my house.  Rob has a great sense of humor and a dedication to doing the job to your complete satisfaction.  He is more reasonably priced than the other well known companies.
5	5 stars are not enough to express my satisfaction with Rob and his service. With a dog, a pool entrance via a carpeted room and a grandchild under 5 the beige carpets and furniture get really dirty. I had thought I would have to replace both but after Rob's visit today I will be able to wait another year or so before making that investment. Rob is a consummate professional with a focus on the quality of his work. I will definitely be calling him every 6 months for my cleaning needs!! I would highly recommend him without ANY reservation!!!Melodie
5	Rob came and saved our carpets!  I really thought they would all have to be replaced but Rob was able to clean them so they looked very good.  Thanks Rob for saving me a ton of money.
5	Based on the multitude of reviews, I decided to give Rob and I Clean Carpets a shot. The first thing I liked was the placement of the corner guards to protect my furniture and walls. Second was his thorough explanations of his processes. It definitely shows he knows what he is doing because he literally undid the lousy job that Stanley Steemer did. The high traffic area looks better than new. He literally extracted the dirt and excess soap used to clean my carpet previously.  When I looked at the buckets, I was floored to see 4 buckets full of dirty water and grime.  Words could not express how much more crud had been pulled up from the carpet.  My area rug looks better than new. He is more thorough than all the companies I used in the past combined. He even raked the carpet thoroughly to restore nap and speed drying.  He even cleaned the carpet in my car to better than new.  The driver's footwell was extremely dirty over the time I owned my car.  When he got to it, I saw all the dirt from various parking lots, etc. disappear into the catch bucket.  Again, the water was extremely dirty from whatever they used in the past.When I saw the final results of the initial cleaning, I was floored with the grime and gunk that Rob got up versus the others. My wife was even more impressed.  This carpet cleaning was equal to Eco Fresh but not as expensive.  But the main thing is customer service. He calls to make sure he is going to the right location. He also wants to make sure you will call him back when the time comes. Guaranteed I will do just that, Rob.
2	I had incredible results from Rob in the past he is trustworthy and diligent so I wanted to refer a friend as well as schedule another cleaning. My friends attempted to call and schedule a couple months ago and until recently I had no idea try tried and failed. I attempted to contact I clean carpets for 3 weeks with no phone call back to even say "I'm too busy" or any other customer service response. I was forced to use a competitor which gave me a hard time from the beginning. I'm not sure of the results as of yet but I'm already disappointed by their service and very upset I never got any call or acknowledgement my assumption is he's out of business but my hope is he's just too busy...either way I Lose and he lost a "regular" and referrals guess he doesn't need them :/
5	I showed the pictures of Rob's work to the manager and assistant manager of the complex. They were beyond floored with the quality of work. Rob, expect some new business soon.
5	Once again Rob  has amazed my wife and I.. Our nephew spilled juice on our sofa :(, Rob was there the next day to clean it up. My sofa looks new again and now I can enjoy watching River monsters without looking at the stain..
5	We used Rob in preparation for selling our house and my only regret is using the "discount companies" while we lived in it.   He is INSANELY thorough and meticulous.   I am picky... he is pickier.    He spends the time and does it right.   He did our carpets and some upholstery on furniture we were leaving to stage the house.   Everything looked brand new (and neither the rugs nor the furniture were close to brand new).   I can't recommend Rob enough.   The reviews are accurate.
5	ROB IS OUR HERO!! My husband and I had just moved out of our second floor apartment and needed our carpets cleaned like "yesterday".  We knew without a doubt, because of the awesome Yelp reviews, and because of a previous encounter with Rob, that Rob was definitely the man for the job.  We knew he would be crazy busy, and he was, but still Rob made such a great effort to fit us in his schedule the same exact day I called.  Thats unheard of!! He was so sure he didn't want us to be overcharged by anyone else because of it being a last minute job that he agreed to fit us in.  He is honest with his pricing he didn't charge us a penny more for this being a last minute job or for it being on the second floor.  I paid exactly what I paid for 1 year ago when we first used his services.  Rob is a  God send, he really is!  Working with Rob was a very pleasant experience, great personality, honest, and his attention to detail is superb!! Rob's been in the game for a long time and you can tell, his work speaks for itself!!! ROB YOU ARE AWESOME, thank you again and again and again!!
5	AWESOME!!! THANKS ROB for taking my call last min and getting me in with 3 days! He was so hard working, professional and fair. His prices are extremely fair, and he really goes the extra mile!!! I will be referring him and calling many times over!!! Thanks ROB!
5	I picked Robert using YELP a few months ago, today Robert came back for the second time because the first time was great!! He did about 1/3 of the house and the tile the first time, then came back for two rooms, all look GREAT! I'll be calling him back for the other three rooms in a month. THANKS! Very pleased with the carpets, service and price.
4	Hardworking business owner with great results and pricing! Definitely beats competition I've used him a few times and with pet stains as an issue he really makes the carpets look brand new!
5	If you want clean carpets, Rob is your man.  He takes pride in what he does and cares about quality.  Definitely worth every penny!
5	Rob did a great job! He was professional, timely, and efficient. Totally worth it! Also, his equipment was clean and organized - refreshing to have someone take pride in their work :) will definitely be using him again in the future. Don't waste your time with other companies - this is the ONLY way to go!
5	I am thrilled with the clean condition of my carpets!  Rob was available within a couple of days to clean all 5 rooms and did a more thorough job than we have ever had in the past.  He spent about 2.5 hours, which is almost 2 hours more than any other carpet cleaner that we have had in the past.  He explained that the reason our carpets got dirty so fast from past carpet cleaners is that they did not spend the time removing the soap and water like he did.  It has been over a week and they are still looking like when they were first done.  Rob also gave me a bottle of spot cleaner to use if/when necessary.  I need to have our grout cleaned next and will definitely call Rob to do.  Thank you Rob!!
5	Efficient, effective, earned our trust. What a relief to find somebody who really cares about carpet cleaning. Rob came out and did a fabulous job on our whole house. Arrived on time finished on time thanks Rob will have you back again
5	Found Rob on Yelp and was impressed by the 5 star rating.  Decided to call him and he was able to fit us in within a few days.  He is awesome and totally deserves 5 stars!  Quote on the phone was exactly what he charged, which was very reasonable.  The heavily stained carpets looked brand new!  He is honest, professional, extremely thorough, and hard-working.  I will definitely be using him again.
5	One review can't do I Clean Carpets justice.  Rob isn't just the best in his industry I place him in the top 2% of all service professionals.  As both student and master of his craft, he constantly finds ways to improve his product offering and services.  As a pet owner, my carpets need tended to every 60-90 days.  During the dog days of summer, sometimes more often.  It is not uncommon to see Rob drop in and offer complimentary touch up work.  His prices are well below industry average yet the quality of his work is upper echelon.I have a couple non-negotiables in my life.  I Clean Carpets has earned my lifetime loyalty and trust.  None other need apply.
5	Amazing job!  Robert worked diligently to remove stains that others could not get out. We were going to buy new carpet but decided to try to clean one last time.  We are glad we did.  The carpet looks great!
5	We just moved to Chandler from out-of-state and have depended on YELP reviews to find all the professional services we need! I could NOT be more PLEASED to recommend Rob's (super amazing) carpet cleaning!!  Wait until you hear my story...Ok, so before I got to AZ, my husband had Rob @ I Clean Carpets come to totally clean our carpets and tile.  I am allergic to cats and the previous owners had several, so I was worried about that...well Rob did a fantastic job bringing our carpet and tile back to life, sans allergens!!  He worked SO hard and stayed here until LATE at night to get the job done.  My husband was really impressed!Fast forward 2 weeks...I move in, (NO allergies from prev. cats!)  We have a sudden water leak from the water line in the bathroom while I am out...total flood in CARPETED bathroom!  UGH!  The plumber recommended I call a restoration company or rent a Shop Vac from Home Depot.  INSTEAD, I called Rob @ I Clean Carpets...Best Decision!!!  He came right out (even though he was booked!!), pulled up the carpeting, disinfected, deodorized, set up a industrial fan to dry the carpet and padding and said he would return later in the day to check on it.He returned as he said, reattached the carpet and put everything back!  THEN, he repaired areas of the carpet where the previous kitties had shredded @ doorways.  He actually cut out puzzle pieces of extra carpeting to fill in areas that looked shredded.  The repairs look great!!Rob just goes above and beyond what is expected!!!  Prices are more than fair and get this...he is a YELPer too!!  Can't be beat!Thanks Rob!! :)
5	You would not believe how happy my clean tile has made me! Rob came in looked over my home and my needs took necessary pro-cations to protect my home before starting the job and then literally cleaned house. The tile in my kitchen has never looked this good, it practically glowing. From black stained grout to white. They were timely & professional, customer service oriented helping me to understand how I could better care for my tile in the future. I would recommend 'I Clean Carpets' to anyone looking to have there floors sparkle like new.
5	I had Rob out last week to clean my mother's carpets.  I waited a week to write the review because the last time the 3 berber carpeted rooms were cleaned (not by Rob) it looked awesome and then a week later stains reappeared.  I didn't believe these carpets could look so new again because they are over 20 years old. The week wait is over and Rob did it.  They look wonderful and I really am amazed how great they turned out.  He also cleaned a dining room/living combo with low shag.  Again top flight.He was early, performed all the work himself very carefully placing wall guards leaving no mess.  He also left us little booties and a bottle of stain spray for future accidents.  I am recommending his service to everyone who wants the best carpet cleaning in Arizona.  I wish we could clone him for our rental properties in Washington!!  Thank you Rob:)
5	Rob is the best of the best in the carpet cleaning business.  I had carpets that I had fully expected to replace due to dog and cat urine.  Rob came over on short notice after all his regular scheduled jobs of the day and worked the areas for a few hours then insisted on coming back in a few days at no extra charge just to hit the areas again.  He is obsessive with getting the stains and odors out and very passionate about doing the best job possible.  On top of it all he charged a very fair price and did not try to upsale me on any other cleaning or services.  You won't find anyone more honest or hard working and he is the kind of guy you don't mind coming in or out of your house unsupervised.
5	Rob is a pro. He does a terrific job, explains everything from what he is doing, after care to preventative steps. He even left a bottle with solution for future spots.He is obviously a people pleaser and will do just about anything to please a customer.I found him through Yelp because of good reviews and he doesn't disappoint. Sometimes he is very busy (lots of happy customers to help) and he does all of his appointments, so be patient with contacting and scheduling.When he cleans your carpets, rugs and couches you will not be disappointed. I even got my apartment deposit back when I thought it was a lost cause.
5	This is the second times I used Robert for my carpet. As always and as the other reviewer said, he is the GUY for carpet cleaning. Reliable, professional, and passionate about what he does. The carpet in my home looks great again.I had Robert cleaned the carpet at my aunt's house few months ago, and she loves it.Thank you Robert for your wonderful caring about your business.Hoang
5	We are getting our house ready for sale. The place is empty and it is amazing just how obvious dirty carpets are when you remove the obstacles. Rob was able to take 10 year old carpets which have endured dogs and cats and three somewhat less than neat guys and make them look as close to new as they could ever possibly look again. What an awesome, honest, conscientious, hard working guy! An outstanding value at a fair price!
5	Robert was out today to clean my carpets again and as always he makes them look brand new!!! If you have not used him , what are you waiting for?? Robert is professional, knowledgable , hard working and his prices are very reasonable!!!!Thank you Robert!!! KarenGold Canyon
5	I used I Clean Carpets because of the Yelp reviews and they did not disappoint.  Rob cleaned my old house and new house.  He was very prompt, very professional and clean.  I will definitely be using Rob on a regular basis to clean my carpets.
5	This was my first time using Robert. I used yelp to find him and after reading all the good reviews I went with him. I'm very happy with my decision.My carpet looks awesome. My dirty, high traffic areas look new again.Robert really wants to make sure you are happy. He had me review his work, before he left, to make sure I approved. And as he was leaving I casually complained that my gf's newly adopted dog, that needs some potty training work, was probably going to pee on my freshly cleaned carpet and so he hooked me up with some pet carpet cleaner and directions on how to use. Thanks Robert!I will be using Robert again in a year.
1	I don't know how he runs a successful business because this guy is a FLAKE!  I called to schedule an appoint to get my couches and rug cleaned well over two weeks in advance.  I waited for him to arrive during the hour window he provided me to show up.  No call, no show.  I called him to see if he was still planning on coming so I could plan the rest of my day and return to work.  He apologize and said he was sick so we rescheduled.  I was a little frustrated that he didn't have the curtsy to call me the night before of even that morning to let me know he couldn't make it.  The following week he did the SAME thing.  No call, no show, no phone call.  There are too many reputable cleaners in this city, why waste my time with this guy? Good luck to anyone who uses his services.Update: 8/17- Ok this is scary. First you post my personal information on Yelp. Then you create some asinine story making the customer look like the bad guy in some immature attempt to save face. I find your antics harassing, immature and unprofessional. This guy is a liar by making erroneous claims about my health!  As a RN and a mother I'm  personally offended by your accusations. The shingles virus is a serious condition and should not be used as slander.  I sat at home TWICE, taking time off work and interrupting my day, waiting for Rob to show up.  Don't you know, the customer is ALWAYS right! Oh, and go ahead and pull your stupid "call log" because my cell phone records will clearly show I initiated every call to you. See the photos I posted to support this.
5	Excellent job by Robert.  I had him clean the carpets in my house prior to an open house.  The comments from realtors were how good the original carpets in the 15 year old house looked.  He knocked out the job quickly and I have zero complaints about the job he did.  Thanks for the recommendations, Yelpers!!
5	I had a friend use Rob to clean her carpets then we looked him up on Yelp.  Let me just say that no review does him justice.  The work he did on our carpets was nothing short of a miracle!!  Dogs, kids, clumsy mommy spilling coffee, you name it we had it on our carpets.  Rob got it all out.  The carpet looks brand new.  Rob walked in my house, looked at my carpet, explained everything that he was going to do then treated the carpet for dog spots and the high traffic areas.  He was here for over TWO HOURS working away at our carpets.  The last THREE companies I had come over to clean the carpets were here, no joke, for thirty minutes TOPS.  And after the carpets dried they looked like they hadn't even been touched.  Oh ya and they upped the cost of the cleaning every step of the way.  Rob told me what it was going to be and that was it...no up selling.  Seriously I cannot say enough good things about the service I received the other day.  LOOK NO FURTHER IF YOU WANT YOUR CARPETS CLEANED!!!  I will NEVER use any other carpet cleaning service again!!!  Seriously amazing work!!!****UPDATE****Rob came and cleaned my carpets on a Monday.  That Tuesday it rained all day and unbeknownst to me my dog, not wanting to get her paws wet I guess, was doing her business all day upstairs in my daughters bedroom.  Well that night my husband and I went into her room to put her to bed we saw the damage and I was just sick about it (among other emotions).  I called Rob the next morning (actually he received a long text from me at about 6:30 in the morning) and he said he would be out the following Monday because he would be in my area.  And he did.  And for one room he was here for a little over an hour cleaning her room.  The poor guy was here until 8:00 at night cleaning her room and hallway and stairs ONLY because he had to drag the hoses up the stairs.  WHO DOES THAT?? Anyone else wouldn't have put that effort into cleaning all that because of how late it was.  Anyone else would have been here 15 minutes for that one room and then went home because it was so late.  Once again the carpet looks and smells brand new.  And basically what he charged us paid for his gas.  I will most certainly never use anyone but Rob to clean my carpets again.
5	I have to give a shout out to my fellow yelpers.  I trust yelpers I know personally or by reference from my friends' list.  Based on that I called Robert, I was not sure if he was going to be able to fit me with such short notice, but he came through, not only did he come through he showed up the day of the huge monsoon.  Even my nanny cancelled on me that day, but he showed up and worked on my tile.  I have had this tile forever and the grout lines were almost black.  My housekeeper has been going insane for years trying to fix it.  It took Robert a few hours but my tile and grout lines look amazing. He even did the shower stall with a new machine he has.  I know who to call when I need to fix my floors next time.
5	Rob was amazing....my husband works for a builder and we built a home back in 2006 when re was great...have been trying to sell it but carpets looked dirty and dingy and it makes the house show dirty...rob came in and spent all afternoon cleaning them ....the pride in his work is second to none. Do not hesitate to have him come in and do yours. thanks for such a great job with a pleasant get it done attitude...this ones a keeper!
5	I found I Clean Carpets on yelp and decided to try it based on all of the great reviews and it was a great choice. When I initially called I had to leave a voicemail and he got right back to me to schedule an appointment. He went out of his way to be accommodating. I didn't think to tell him that my apartment is on the third floor which was my fault so when he came he didn't have a hose long enough to reach. This was totally my fault but he made sure to fit me into the schedule he very next day when he could get the longer hose. Lastly, he didn't give one quote and then show up and try to add on a bunch of additional costs like other companies do. He was very thorough and I will definitely use him again.
5	Rob is the best!  Here's why:I called him Tuesday morning and he returned my call within the hour.He fit me into his schedule a couple of days later.He was prompt!He was professional.My condo is 4 floors up and not on the street.  Rob figured out a way to maneuver the hose all the way up to my unit.  It wasn't easy and I am sure most people would have said it couldn't be done.He worked wonders on my carpet.  It had several urine stains on it from my dog.  He did an amazing job getting it clean.He stands behind his work.He left my place about 2 hours ago and I have already told someone else about his services.  Rob is my carpet cleaner for life.
5	I recently had Rob come clean my carpets. He did a great job for they had not been cleared for many years. They look great now. He also cleaned a mattress and the grout in the bathroom - Great job as well.  I highly recommend his service.
5	I used Rob when moving out of my rental.  I was worried I wasn't going to get my security deposit back because I had potty trained 2 dogs and the carpet was stained and smelled.  Rob made all the carpeting look better than they did when I moved in and the smell was completely gone.  On top of all that he was cheaper than all other quotes that I got.  I got my entire deposit back and my landlord even thanked me for leaving the place in such great condition.  I will definitely be using rob in our new house when the time comes.
5	This guy is a super find!  I found him on Yelp and am so happy to recommend him to anyone.  Great customer service and a spectacular job!  My carpets look brand new after 8 years old.  Rob provided me with a pet stain remover that works great. He also cleaned a couple of throw rugs at no extra charge. I am recommending him to everyone on my block!!
1	Called Rob based on Yelp reviews August 2013 and left a message. He never called me back so I went with Barefoot Organic Carpet Care, who did a great job. Fast forward to this week, Oct 2014, thought I'd give him another try. Left message on voice mail which says he'll respond usually within 24 hours. After 3 days and no call back going with BOCC again and giving up on this guy. Not good when you can't call a potential customer back within 3 days.
5	I called Rob early in the week with an "emergency" carpet cleaning. Despite his full schedule he was able to fit me in.  He is friendly and efficient. Rob called within the window of time to give me a heads up and he got right to work. There were some serious pet stains thanks to a puppy and when Rob was finished, the carpets looked brand new. He really takes great pride in his work and I will continue to use him for all my carpet cleaning needs! (I did notice on his business card he cleans tile soo I will have to try that out next!) I found Rob on Yelp 3 years ago and couldn't be happier!
5	After seeing the amount of gunk, hair and dirt that came out of my carpets I can say that Rob and team did an amazing job! The cream carpet was nearly black in a few places and with two dogs, we knew it was bad. Rob and team cleaned them so well, they looked better then when we moved in! From the beginning, Rob quoted me a fair price for the square footage and talked about the kind of treatments needed for pet stains. When he saw the carpet, he said I needed two kinds of treatments to be sure the odor was eliminated as well. His no nonsense, no up-sell approach was refreshing. The carpets look brand new and the customer service was excellent.
5	This guy is a beast! I have been in the real estate property management business for 11 years and I have never seen anyone take as much time and put as much effort in cleaning a carpet and mattress. I used him on my personal home and will continue to use him for my business as well. You know what your doing Rob good job!
5	My husband and I can't say enough wonderful things  about Rob the owner of I Clean Carpets.I came across him on Yelp and was very impressed with all of the excellent reviews.We just moved into our home and needed to get our bedroom carpet cleaned in addition a sofa and love seat. We had to split up the work because of moving constraints. Rob went above and beyond and was able to accommodate us on two separate visits. He is very professional and courteous and does an outstanding job with a smile . We would highly recommend Rob for going the extra mile and providing 5 star service.
5	My rating is heavily based on communication with the owner, Rob.  We recently bought a house that the had dogs and cats.  Because our kids are allergic to dogs and cats, we decided to give Rob  a call and see if he could come out and clean the house before moving in.  Over the phone, we could tell he was genuinely caring about his customers and very accommodating.  Because of our tight schedule, we changed the appointment twice but never once did he complain and he tried his best to fit us into his schedule.  When he found out he couldn't come out himself, he sent his partner, Alex and his son to clean our Peoria home, and both of them were very courteous and professional.  Since the house was pretty clean, I really can't compare before and after but my kids haven't been sneezing and coughing so I'm guessing the cleaning did work.  :)   Rob is fantastic with pricing and as mentioned, very very accommodating to his customers, and very quick to get back to you about any feedback you leave.  No wonder he gets all 5 stars!  :)  Thank you, Rob!
5	Pretty impressed. I've only gotten my carpets cleaned once professionally about 2 months ago, from a groupon discount. So this time instead of going for a deal, I decided to go off of the top rated companies instead and pay full price for really good work. We had 5 rooms cleaned for $200. The owner Rob called me back one business day after my phone call and we made the appointment for 3 days out. One thing that stood out was that he said on the phone "I'll make your carpets look like they've never looked before". I just really liked that. It made me excited to have him come. We were so excited that we moved all of our rugs and furniture and tucked the curtains up, and vacuumed 2 times so they could be the absolute best shape before he cleaned. Well the carpets not only look great, but they are soft (he must have used some sort of conditioner) and they are pretty. We have 3 kids under the age of 4 so we know they will get nasty again in a few months. But Rob did a really great job. Hey, also I thought it was cool that he didn't ask for a review on yelp. I'm just going on here to let you all know that it was money well spent. One more thing.... I trusted him to be in the house alone while I took the kids to the zoo while he worked. He even locked up afterward and hid my key. I normally wouldn't do that but he is the owner and I was in need for my little ones to get out of the house. That was cool. :)
5	Can't possibly recommend Rob enough!Rob did an amazing job cleaning up my carpets before I turned over a rental property.  We'd gotten a puppy about 6 months before we moved out, and as a result we had a few more spots in the carpet then we'd want as we left the house.  Rob came out twice to make sure the job got done, left me with cleaning solutions to use on some future pet stains and impressed me with his hard work and his customer service.Thanks to Rob, I got my entire security deposit back...I'll never use anyone else for carpet cleaning as long as I live in Phoenix!
5	Can it get better than this?  I almost don't want to give I Clean Carpets a five star rating and amazing review, because I want to keep him a secret!  I left Rob a voicemail and he called me back within 24 hours of my voicemail and was able to fit me into a cancellation spot the following day.I live in a forth floor apartment that other carpet cleaning companies said they couldn't do because of the location.  They recommended I call Stanley Steamer.  I knew that company wouldn't pay the attention that I wanted.  I stumbled on I Clean Carpets in a last ditch effort for my fourth floor apartment.  Rob said, no problem....Rob was on time, friendly, and kicked ass getting in and getting the job done.  His pricing is amazing.  My place looks (and smells) a 1000% better!  Thank you Rob!Skip calling all other providers and call Rob first!
5	I am 50 years old and in the 26 years I've been a homeowner I've had carpets cleaned at least once if not twice a year.  That is over 50 times.  In all that time I have never had a carpet cleaner that had so much pride in their work!  I've never seen corner protectors like rob had!  He was very friendly and genuinely wanted to do a good job.  This was not his first rodeo :)I hope he makes his goal of having the most positive yelp reviews of any business.  He has a lot to be proud of!  Highly recommend!
4	I decided to go with I Clean Carpets due to all the positive feedback on Yelp and because of the FIRM PRICES and no up sells, which is rare in the carpet cleaning industry. I spoke with the owner, Rob whom was very polite and professional. Apparently Rob usually does the carpets himself; but due to mechanical issues with his van, he had to send one of his guys, Alex to do the job- which was fine. Alex did a good job, but according to the home owner, (I work as a personal assistant) "wasn't up to his standards." (I wonder how differently it would have turned out had Rob done the job?) Anyways, Rob sent Alex with a few 10% off coupons since he couldn't show up himself. I was also left with high qual booties and a bottle of pet stain remover! It's been at least 5 weeks since the day of the cleaning and carpets still look good. I'll probably be using my discount to get my home done very soon based on my experience. Four stars because my of my boss's response. Five stars for quality of service.
5	Just had Rob back again. AWESOME job this time. (As always)  Called to let us know he was on his way and showed up on time.  My carpets are super clean again.
