5	Mariscos Sinaloa is awesome.  Their fish tacos and breaded shrimp tacos are amazing ($2.50 each)!  They consist of corn tortillas topped with deep-fried fish or shrimp that is so fresh and light (not heavy or greasy), cabbage, and pico de gallo.  They also have this wonderful orange colored, creamy chipotle-like sauce that is served in a squeeze bottle and is a must for the top of the tacos.  I also really liked their ceviche tostada (a great deal...huge and $3.99), which had a ton of flavor.  They also serve each beer with a frosted, salted mug...classy.  And, they serve margaritas (ok), and shots which look amazing.  My only suggestion is to stay away from the smoked marlin quesadilla, but I don't like smoky stuff, so that could be why it tasted like formadehyde to me (I feel the same way about smoked salmon...sorry).Anyway, check out this little place, because the food is fantastic!
4	Fish Tacos- awesome. Great service, delicious horchata. Guacamole was great! Love this place
4	This resturant was absolutely delish!  We tried their shrimp cocktail that left my taste buds satisfied and had their seafood platter that had fried and grilled fish and shrimp,lobster etc plenty of tortillas and a a plate with rice and veggies.  They also had shrimp with fish rolled in bacon OMG.  My first time and it was great. Thy have a very impressive menu. The service was good and it was very clean.  I'll be back :)
5	Best seafood in Tempe
4	Stopped by today for lunch. Awesome Mexican Food! I gotta say the best Mexican food in Tempe!! Loved the chipotle sauce! It goes good on all every dish. Didn't get a chance to try out their seafoods, but that's gonna be for my next visit.  I hear the margaritas are fantastic here, with an extra tequilla. Will remember to stop by at this place when I visit Tempe next time.
4	This place always delivers. The Tecate Micheladas are so good....I think they put some kind of tamarind chile in them too.  I haven't ordered a thing on the menu that I wasn't delicious.  I must admit I don't love when they play the banda musica really loud, but it's part of the style if the restaurant. Definitely go!
5	i'm happiest when traveling with people who, like me, are down to try unusual hole in the wall places. for our recent trip to arizona, instead of eating at some fancy schmancy restaurant in the city or spending our time at the buffet line at the hotel, we searched yelp for some seafood. and alas, marisos sinaloa! first, you start off w free chips and salsa. the beer was cheap and they serve em in chilled mugs with salt and lime. i had the bacanora shrimps and it was unlike anything i have tasted before. creamy spicy sauce and delicious shrimp served with rice, papas, and salad. i got hungry right now just thinking about it :(the bf had the shrimp tacos - delicious, and shrimp burrito - good, but probably too much for him. our two other friends got a mojarra frita and the seafood mixed rice veracruz style (?) which tasted like a seafood paella. both were good and hit the spot. overall, the food was good, the price was reasonable, and the service was fast and attentive. straight up simple and good.
4	My husband found this place and liked it so much he ate here 4 times in one week.  I ate there twice with him.Chips and salsa are good.Iced tea is not fresh brewed so the second time I just stuck with water.First trip I ate the cheese enchiladas.  They were not that good but the refried beans were the best I have ever had.  YUM!  I like the way the cheese was under the beans so it stayed hot and melted.Second trip I got a bean and cheese burrito.  The BEST!  I also got a side of guacamole that was really good!My husband enjoys the carne asada tacos and the shrimp tacos.  He also likes the rice.Stuff yourself and leave for less than $10 per person.
4	The service is amazing. Our server was super sweet and didn't make my fiance and me feel like complete idiots, even though it was quite obvious that we are some of the whitest people on earth and don't know a thing about what "authentic" Mexican food is supposed to taste like (we *just* moved to the valley).That said, I do know good food, and this food is good (I can't yet speak to its authenticity). Our server recommended starting with a cold seafood cocktail with shrimp, octopus, and oysters. I don't normally like octopus, as I find the texture to be off-putting, but this was delicious. Not rubbery like I've had it at sushi restaurants. The cocktail was more of a soup, kind of like a gazpacho. Our server recommended that we doctor it with some ketchup and tapatio. Perfect. My fiance and I shared the Chipotle Shrimp, which came with enough food to split and more to take home. It was also pretty awesome. I like that they served the meal with both flour and corn tortillas. Besides our server being sweet and very helpful, I also appreciated that the kitchen split our appetizer and meal into separate bowls/plates at no extra charge. It was a nice gesture. Oh yeah! And super fine chips and salsa. We will be back for sure.
4	This hole in the wall joint serves up some serious Mexican Seafood.  If you are missing your last Rocky Point vacation come here and you will be reminded about how great Mexican seafood tastes.  The shrimp cocktail and fish dishes all taste good.  This is the best place for Mex Seafood in the Phoenix area, which isn't saying much but hey beggars can't be choosers.  I'm just happy that I live close this gem :)
4	We picked a restaurant like a dart on a dartboard.  It had a great atmosphere, not crowded, and the waitress was really friendly and courteous.  Food was good, the shrimp tacos were about a 4, but we were disappointed, or rather spoiled with the shrimp cocktails. The juice was kinda watered down, not a whole lot of flavor, unless you add Tapatio and the free chip salsa to it. We were used to shrimp cocktails from south of the border, so we had a higher expectation. No big deal, we loved the food, the service, and the location.
4	Came here for lunch with the team at work - the seafood was very fresh and tasted great!  I had the seafood ceviche: octopus, oysters, scallops, shrimp, etc...and the 7 Sea soup with tortilla.  The variety of hot sauces was great and I enjoyed the "habanera" hot sauce quite a bit - no serious kick here, but spicy enough for most people.  The soup was filled with fresh seafood along with crab legs.  Not convenient to crack the crab legs with a work crowd, but a lot of fun nonetheless.  Some had the shrimp tacos, machaca beef chimichanga, salads, etc...all the food looked very fresh.  Warning: the portions are very large!  As far as atmosphere goes, well, it doesn't have any - it's definitely a "hole in the wall".  Will definitely be back for the other dishes.
3	Went to the meat market next door, saw this place and tried it.OK'It's a hole in the wall. It did stink in there, so I wonder if I came in on a bad day.Food was OK, Once is enough for me. Not Bad, just not good enough to go back. It didn't wow me.
4	After reading reviews my boyfriend and I decided to try lunch here, parking lot was pretty full, always a good sign. Inside had a lot of people (another good sign) food was good! I thought it would be "fishy" but not at all!!! Definitely will be coming back!!
4	We had the mixed ceviche to start.  It was decent...it was a little bland, but it came with a heap of seafood on top of a tostada.I had the 7 mares soup.  It was delicious!  And their corn tortillas that come with it were delicious too!My boyfriend had the rice with seafood.  It was pretty good.  He liked the chipotle cream sauce and poured it on the rice.I love it when we try a place like this on a whim and it works out!
5	Will it creep you out if I tell you that I think about Mariscos Sinaloa every day? I swear that I wake up wanting their shrimp cocktail. This place is outstanding. The food is amazing. I love their fresh, vibrant seafood cocktails which can include shrimp, octopus, oysters, scallops, you name it. My husband swears by the smoked marlin taco, which is cheesy, smokey and divine. We both crave the crab stuffed shrimp wrapped in bacon. The shrimp in their homemade cream and mushroom sauce is decadent and so delicious. The servers are kind and wonderful and always ready to suggest their favorites. As a sauce freak, this place is heaven for me. Six kinds of hot sauce on the table, plus four squeeze bottles of sauces for your entree for your dipping and mixing pleasure. The oysters are fresh and delicious. The beer is cold and served in icy glasses with salt and lime. Buckets of 5 full size beers for 10 bucks. Oh, and everything is affordably priced? Yes, the banda music is at full volume but you won't even notice it between swigs of your michelada and the jumbo succulent shrimp stuffed into a pepper then wrapped in bacon and dipped into a creamy chipotle sauce. Okay, I'm leaving right now. See you there!
5	My girlfriend and I were waiting for her car to be fixed and we made the miserable mistake of taking a sweaty stroll in the 106 degree Phoenix "dry" heat.  But, our misery was quickly quinced when we found this cool spot.  We walked in and we were immediately enamored by all the vibrant colors and the family ambiance.  Then a very lovely lady, who was our waitress lucky us, served us.  The food came in a timely manner and we were happy as the cool cucumbers that we ate in our entree.  Well, actually the dish was a little spicy for me, but my girlfriend loved it.  The father/son duo, live music placed the calming cool sound in our ears to cap off our outstanding visit.  I cannot wait to go back!
4	Horchata is best I've had.  Carne asada and fish tacos are delicious.  I really like their rice and beans.  Not a real fan of the enchiladas.  Overall a great restaurant! Try it!
5	Great ceviche!!!!Fish tacos were fresh and tasty.  Service was fast and friendly. Felt like I was bk in Ensenada on spring break ;)
3	Tacos were good, but dining experience was awkward and uncomfortable.  I arrived in Phoenix mid afternoon and was looking for a late lunch. Saw the great reviews and it was close to my hotel, so I drove there to give it a try. I was the only one there. Staff were organizing for the dinner crowd no doubt.  The staff were very friendly.  I ordered a smoked marlin and grilled shrimp taco.  When my order arrived I ate the marlin taco first, which was very good, but could have used less cheese.  When I went to eat the shrimp taco, I noticed it was not shrimp so I flagged the waitress down to let her know the order was wrong. She went away then came back saying that since the taco was already cooked I could not send it back.  I told her I had ordered and wanted a grilled fish taco and she went away, later coming back with a shrimp taco and the fish taco in a box.  When I got the bill three tacos were on it and I had to Flagg her down again to ask for the fish taco I did not order to be removed. The whole situation just was uncomfortable to me. If I lived locally I would give them another chance.  Just could have been such a better experience.
1	Not the business.. If your stomach is growling and your hungry for some mariscos that are gonna hit the spot macizo..... Don't go there. Ceviche was decent at best, my shrimp cocktail tasted like it needed life. My girl got some botana that had lobster grilled tilapia shrimp wrapped in bacon shrimped fried in batter and said that all of it was bland.. I don't usually deprive my waiters/waitress of their tips but with this one I had no choice, I left a 3 dollar tip on a 50 something dollar tab. Horrible service and not quite hits the spot food. This is actually the first review I've ever written before this I didn't even have an account with yelp to write reviews I mean I've wanted to write reviews on places even when they were bad, but never did.. This place was so disappointing that I took the time out of my day to download yelp, create an account, confirm the account on my email just to come back to the app to write this long review.. And the only reason I did is because I don't want any other person that knows what a good marisco tastes like to walk in and settle with this place. Hope this was helpful...
2	Food is great but customer service is highly lacking. I received a packed To go bag. As I carried it out it slipped and I lost a taco. Their so called management charged me another $2.50 since it was to go and my fault. I have eaten here weekly, I'm surprised they nailed me for it. Hope this gets corrected.
4	This was the second time I was there.  Great food at a very reasonable price.  I would skip the nachos but anything seafood is fantastic.  The bacon wrapped shrimp were great.  Everyone around us was having ceviche, I'll get that next time.
4	mmmmm, the fish tacos are so delicious, big portion. fish tacos ae the only thing iv'e ordered here. I'll have to try the ceviche next time around. I always come here for my seafood fix. service is good and fast, waitresses are nice. i would reccomend this place.
4	Wow, always nice to find one of these out-of-the-way places that surprises one with the quality of the food and in addition, the quantity. Based on the other Yelp reviews a friend and I started with the ceviche tostada for $4.99. It was a heaping mound of ceviche comprised of fresh shrimp (small pieces but tasty), finely diced tomato and onion, and lime juice, with additional fresh limes to squeeze on top. For one person, this is, in and of itself, a meal. I could see having this with a beer or an ice tea and calling it a day but I'm not a skinny person eater, so I kept going!Next I had a combo plate (yes, rice, beans and salad with the main entree) with a shrimp taco and a fish taco. Both tacos were substantial and the seafood was done right, flash fried so it was crispy and not greasy and they give you two  types of sauces, one a chipolte cream and then another hot sauce, which I prefer. They come in squeeze bottles so add as you see fit. There is also a bottle of ranch dressing that one can spritz on the salad, and hey, it was a good salad, fresh dark green lettuce, not just iceberg. The beans and rice are okay but nothing special.Wait service was friendly and timely and as it was a work day, I had the ice tea. I look forward to coming back when I can  try some additional items, but with an adult beverage, like the mixed grilled seafood plate, that looks amazing!The only thing that was not all that great was that, as others have mentioned, when someone plays a song on the jukebox, it is loud! If they could drop the volume on that thing by like 25%, it would be perfect but hey, for the quality of the seafood, I'll bring some earplugs and keep eating!Bottom line, go for the ceviche, stay for the seafood tacos and other delights from ocean waters.
5	Great seafood.
4	This place is great. First off as others have said the  music is a bit loud but didn't bother me too much, got used to it after a few minutes.we started off with the mar y tierra appetizer which consisted of deep fried shrimp wrapped with bacon, butterfly shrimp, diced shrimp, octopus and crane asada.My entree was a shrimp cocktail which had plenty of shrimp, usually most places will be scarce on the shrimp and load it with vegetables. it was really good.My wife had Fish a la plancha which came with a side of rice and salad.all accompanied by fresh chips and salsa.  we ordered horchata to drink which was pretty good.Overall I will definitely come back here.
5	Amazing coctels de camaron. really the best maricos place in arizona. and its not even close. chips and salsa are great.  the horchatas are delicious..the carne is mouth watering.
3	So this restaurant has provided me with a story I am sure I will tell over dinner with new friends for the rest of my life.  so, now it is your turn to hear it...I walk into Mariscos Sinaloa on a Wednesday afternoon.  I'm busy.  On this side of town and I whip out my Yelp app to see if I've book marked a place to eat in the area.  Yep, I was a mere few feet from this place.  So, I pull my car into teh parking lot and go in for a quick meal.I order shrimp chipotle and a michalada.  I ALWAYS have the michalada.  So, I'm sitting at my table waiting patiently for my food whilst I read messages on my cell phone.  Suddenly, out of no where I hear a crash and then I instantly feel COLD.  WET and COLD.  Oh yes, a waitress walking by spills an entire tray of waters and beer on me.  I was in complete shock!  Total SHOCK.  I said nothing for what may have seemed like FOREVER as everyone in the resto GASPED to see what my reaction might be.  I quickly check to see if my phone was drenched, it wasn't.  I take a moment to think... did they mess up my nicely coiffed hair?  no, it wasn't... So then I look up and FINALLY break my silence and I tell the waitress..... "Ok, so I guess I"ll be taking my food to go".  They fuss over me and ask if I was ok or hurt and I say no, as I wasn't.  I wasn't even embarrassed by it.  So, I just simply move to the other chair across the table and I reached down and continued to sip on the michalada as I waited for my food.  They comp'ed my order, naturally.  And as I was leaving, the waitress apologized again and I said, "Accidents happen, NO WORRIES!  I'll be back next week"  And so, I did go back the next week with my mom.  For me, this water experience has little to do with the rating.  I enjoyed the shrimp chipotle ALOT, except the shrimp seemed to be overcooked.My mom and I went there on a Sunday.  Packed house.  Oh and the people saying the music is loud in there, are NOT over-exaggerating.  The music was fairly loud.  It comes from a paid juke box, so it won't be like that all the time.I had the camarones diabla and my mom had the molacajete.  neither of us were crazy about our own dishes.  However, we both liked the other's.  The camarrones diabla was the spiciest that I've ever had any place EVER.  My mother likes spicier food than I and she loved it.  I, on the other hand enjoyed the milder flavor of the molacajete.  But all the meat was  a little over cooked to me.  All in all, I don't think I'll be running back here.  there's another Mexican Seafood Restaurant that's not too far from there that I like much better than this.  If you are in the area, you may like to try it out.
5	Growing up In SoCal has definitely made me a seafood snob, so after living in the valley of the gun, spun, and sun, I was quite surprised to find a seafood restaurant  with fresh seafood and with these prices right down the street from me. I know, I know. How fresh can seafood in AZ be? Not only is the food tasty, but the prices can't be touched by any other restaurant for the amount of "clean" seafood. If you've been to a buffet lately, you know what I mean by clean. On top of the prices, the staff is always so friendly that it makes the customer experience that much more memorable.If you're so hungry that you have trouble choosing an item after perusing through the menu, you can't go wrong with marlin tacos or the the mixta tostadas.Bon Appeitit !!!
3	I came here with my friend for lunch today; we both had wanted to try this place out for some time.  As other reviewers have mentioned before, the music is absolutely way too loud here.  I don't know if the owner reads yelp reviews but they need to change this; I honestly had a hard time hearing our waitress because the music was about 60% too loud.  You've been warned. We ordered the shrimp toritos for an appetizer and they were pretty tasty; basically a banana pepper stuffed with shrimp and wrapped in bacon.  I was relieved that the sauce they were served in was not too salty, but I thought that a spicier pepper might have complimented the dish better.  We both put a generous helping of spicy chipotle sauce on them to "perk em' up".  We shared the bacanora shrimp and were glad we did so because the serving size was more than generous.  The sauce was really unique and the shrimp was really flavorful; the rice and beans were both bland.  Speaking of bland....the salsa here was a joke, there is no way they make it there (super watery and not spicy at all).  We agreed that we would both come back and try new options because the menu is huge and looks really great.  Our server Heidy was super friendly and perky and was very helpful with recommendations.  Next time I come here I'll make sure to sit as far away from the speaker as possible and hope for the best!
4	Was just here not to long ago and it was pretty good. Defiantly a very good hot spot here in the south phx area
4	This Mexican restaurant is close to my in-laws place so we recommended giving it a try one Sunday after church. We heard this was related to Baja Joe's in Mesa, but it is in fact not. But the menu is almost identical. We have been craving fish tacos, so we ordered the Red Snapper, whole fish,  cooked in garlic.  They have very good quality tortillas I must say. We used the tortillas to make a little burrito with the garlic fish and added the delicious chipotle sauce and habanero hot sauce to give it a good kick. Those were delicious. I must say they could use a reassessment of the salad they serve because they were wilted and just did not look good. The fish was also a bit smaller than I expected considering the price and when compared to Baja Joe's. I also got to try my brother-in-law's shrimp burrito - enchilada style and i must say it was HUGE! Also, they were generous with the perfectly cooked shrimp! My mother-in-law got the carne asada and that was cut pretty thin and wasn't as juicy as I expected, so I don't think I would recommend it. The ambiance of the restaurant is basically as if you walked into Mexico, it compliments the food in my opinion! The service was great, the waitress was very attentive and was very helpful when we had questions, even with a decently packed house. I am definitely planning on coming back for another round, and I'm glad we got to give it a try!
5	This is a really awesome Mexican food joint with a specialty in seafood.  I've never failed to be impressed by any dish they make.  Some are unique and tasty, like the shrimp in cream sauce soup.  I've never had anything like it, and it's super-creamy and awesome.They have an appetizer/side that is shrimp inside a chile wrapped with bacon.  Sure, go ahead and read that again, it's as good as it sounds.  The chile isn't very hot so it should be within almost anyone's spice range.Along with your meal you get a half dozen sauces/salsas to pour on to your taste.  The creamy chipotle sauce is really really good.  Ask for it with your chips, it's that good.
4	I love this place, I have tried several things on the menu and have never had something I didn't like. The seafood is fresh, and there are a lot of options for preparation. If you are unfamiliar with something, dive in and try it!Plus: The servers are always friendly. Food arrives fast and hotI have been there a couple dozen times, and there is always something I haven't tried yet.Minus: The music can be REALLY LOUD. Being a nerd, I started the decibel meter app on my phone - it reached 101 decibels at times! I found this on Yahoo Answers: "100 decibels, equivalent to a chain saw, pneumatic drill, printing plant, jackhammer, speeding express train, some car horns at five meters, farm tractor, riveting machine, some noisy subways [about 20 feet]." So yeah, the other reviewers are not exaggerating when they say it's loud in there. The lighting is super bright fluorescent bulb style.These 2 things combine to make this not the place for a relaxing dinner after a long day at work. It's more of an adventure, so find something you haven't tried yet, shout out your order and enjoy that michelada!
5	Sooo good, had the chefs special fish filet, the shrimp and octopus were cooked to perfection as was the fish, sides were delicious and portions were large. Definitely plan on returning and exploring the menu
5	This place is a gem. The food is fantastic, portions are generous, prices are reasonable and they are open later than many restaurants in the area. Even so, it was crowded for a few hours, which tells you its a local favorite for good reason. The service was really great, and the staff were so nice and friendly. I will definitely go there next time I'm in Phoenix and highly recommend it to anyone looking for delicious food at reasonable prices. It is not easy to get seafood right in the desert, but Mariscos Sinaloa has done it!
5	I fell in love with this place after the first bite!  I love Shrimp and Seafood and wanted to try something new on a Sunday!  I am so very glad I did!
1	my family ate here after game yesterday my husband had shrimp cocktail mixta and he has been vomiting and diarrhea all night long ...  WTF really ?? horrible
4	Seafood in the desert - Actually pretty good!Before my spring break drive back I stopped at Mariscos Sinaloa.Some reviewers aren't fans of the fluorescent lights and the jukebox but they didn't detract from my experience. Originally I was in a rush to get going and thought eating here would be a quick in and out. When I saw the free chips arrive though I settled in for sit-down restaurant mode. I got the:Shrimp Ceviche TostadaShrimp TacoFish TacoThe tostada part was pretty soggy after a mound of ceviche was on top of it but it didn't matter due to those *Free* chips. One portion of ceviche was literally like a half lb of seafood.The shrimp and fish tacos were pretty good as well though I was eating them while driving in the Phx traffic jam. The creamy chipotle and hot salsa that come with the tacos are winners as well. Now if you crave fish tacos you don't have to drive the 350+ miles to San Diego.
4	Food is the best but service sucks ass, I will wait for the mariscos (they are the best) but waitresses don't know that people will tip good for good service.
5	Just wanted something different for lunch so I thought I'd take a small risk and swing by here even though I only had 30 minutes. I got the special oyster and regular campechana. Everything was delicious and the service was great and everything came out quick even though I ordered to go. Definitely going to go back this weekend with my family to try some more dishes. I didn't get back to work on time but it was all worth it.
5	Such great customer service!! Not to mention the food was fresh, fast and inexpensive for a seafood place.  I had the fisherman's sampler, torritos and chipoltle shrimp and man there was enough food for any army.  The place was packed and I still managed to eat and pay in under an hour.  Five stars in my book!
4	We walked in at 820pm. Party of 10!. I'm sure they gasped...They told us the fryer was already off and no fried food was available. That's the only reason I'm giving them 4 stars. Otherwise, the food was incredibly outstanding. We had shrimp cocktail... awesome! The shrimp ceviche, delicious! And my cousins both ordered the chef specialty fish filet... oh my god that's good. I'm from orange county, California out here for mx vs usa game and yelp hooked me up again!!!! Thiis place is on my must go back places.   Just a little earlier next time
3	The service is awesome but the food not so much. The food is plain compared to most other Mexican places, or my house ha
2	Not sure what all the hype is about. My food was okay but nothing that I'd go back for. A little pricey and the service wasn't anything to rave about either, unfortunately. No refills on the salsa and chips or drinks. Was with a party of five and we all were bummed that we couldn't back the high ratings Mariscos Sinaloa had received in the past.
4	This place is a typical whole in the wall. You would easily pass it without a second thought if you didn't know what it was. It is not to be missed though because the food is amazing. The best octopus I have ever had and, fresh tortillas with a great bean dip, and the bacon wrapped shrimp was quite a taste of its own. As other reviews have stated this place puts the music on excessively loud. The prices are very low for the quality and quantity of food. Deffinetly  a must try if your in the area.
2	Maybe their cooked food is good, but I was disappointed with Agua chile, it wasn't salted, the shrimp were warm and the "Agua" part was exactly that "Agua"(water) instead of lime juice. Besides that, they don't have camarones a la cucaracha, AND they put mayo on my mother in laws salad instead of ranch.
4	WOW.  I (along with 3 toddlers) went to this spot last night. I will start off by saying AMAZING. yummy authentic deliciousness. So good, that the husband decided that we will go again tonight for dinner lol.  The only reason why I didn't give five stars because I ordered a shrimp taco without cheese and it came out with cheese. Nonetheless.. I ate it. And, is was pretty darn fantastic. Yummy Yummy and the prices are beyond affordable.  The server was SOO friendly, food was hot and, The tacos were so good that we ordered more later lol. Try the Ceviche. Marlin TacosFish TacosShrimp TacosGuacamoleDecent MargaritasI did get two refils of the salsa and chips. And, next time I would love to try the Oysters.
4	Recently stopped in for lunch and had an excellent meal. Chicken taco, chic enchilada, beans and rice were excellent. Ordered the Ceviche to share and we were very pleased. Seafood is their specialty and I plan on returning for something more daring. Restaurant is bright and comfortable. Service is friendly and efficient. Glad I found you Mariscos Sinaloa.
4	When I think of authentic mariscos (mexican seafood), I think about this place. Its not fancy, but its definitely the place to go for ceviche, whole fried fish, shrimp cocktails, 7 mares, and shrimp prepared about a dozen different ways, as well as margaritas & micheladas.  I took my parents here while they were in town & they wanted to come back the very next evening.
5	Now THIS is authentic.. Little Mexico I call it.I'm not even into tostadas or octopus but my boyfriend made me try his octopus tostada..that was super good and i don't remember what my plate was called but it was some type of cheesy shrimp..shrimp drowned in cheese. I had plenty of chips to eat it with and their cute huge glass of a strawberry smoothie. Try everything on there.. You won't be disappointed! Everything taste so home made and hot as its served!
5	Molcajete Barba Roja. Means carnivore's delight in gringo. Serves two. In abundance. So impressed, no kiddin'. The octopus was grilled and perfectly not too chewy. Grilled, HAM wrapped shrimp. What the ef. Why I not think a that? Chicken, steak, rellenos, sweet scallion. Heaven? Yes.
4	Love going to this place... food is always good :)
