4	This restaurant just opened 10/21/11. Went here with a couple of other people. I split the an Arizona style and a Glendale style burger. Both were pretty good. The Arizona burger was definitely the better of the two. We had a side of fries with one and onion rings with the other. The sides were okay, but they were nothing to write home about.The staff was new so they were a little slow, but it was nothing to complain about. One of the owners was walking around talking with people to get feedback. I like to see that, it shows that they actually care about how their product turns out. Will definitely go back at some point for another round.
4	I had been to the Glendale location for lunch many moons ago and recall having a tasty bacon cheeseburger, so I was very happy to see one going in just a few minutes from home!   My wife and I checked it out in the evening of their opening day and were greeted by the owner Gary.My wife had a bean and cheese burro, chimichanga style (pictured).  I'm guessing the fry oil was fresh and super hot, because the shell of the chimi was perfectly toasted, flaky and wasn't greasy at all.  We didn't expect to find rice inside, but the ingredients were all fresh and tasted great.  Gary hooked my wife up with their super-fire-burner-hot sauce, and while I can't do those types of things, my wife said it has great flavor and was indeed very hot.  The regular salsa was fresh and had excellent flavor as well.I wanted to confirm the mesquite grilled bacon cheeseburger lived up to my memory.  It did.  I ordered the Big Bueno, which is a double patty.  The bacon was perfect (extra crispy, who likes flabby bacon on a burger?!?). They cook the patties to pink in the middle, so if you like it well done you'll have to let them know.  I checked out the onion rings as well which were cooked perfectly and tasty.Gary also brought around a "Arizona" style burger that had been mis-ordered.  It has green chili beef with green chili on top.  Very tasty!Showing up at a new restaurant on opening day is a real treat because usually it's about the only time you'll see owners and managers.  We chatted up both Gary and his wife (the owners) and met the General Manager as well.   We talked about myself being a "Yelper" and how it can be sort of a mixed bag for restaurants.  It seems most people only take the time to review when they've had either a really good experience or a bad one.  There is no middle-ground with most Yelpers (myself included).  Despite some of the negative reviews in the past,  I feel that the owners and management here are absolutely committed to treating the customers well and delivering a great product.  I feel very strongly about supporting these types of family owned and local businesses, and I look forward to working my way across their menu.FOOD: Fresh and fast.  Portion size is good.  The chimi and burger were full sized, however I'm used to a bit more fries (and/or rings), but personally i'm trying to avoid the "super size" mentality, so it's fine by me.KITCHEN & DINING ROOM: The grill area is right in front and mostly viewable from the counter.  It all looked spotless and shiny.  Dining room was large, clean and comfortable.  Looking forward to using their outdoor patio.STAFF: Very friendly and jumping over themselves to make sure the patrons were served well (despite opening-day glitches with a new ordering system).
2	I tried Bueno Burgers new Scottsdale location this evening and boy was I disappointed. I was really excited to try this restaurant but left there really let down.. As other s have stated about there Glendale location the smell is awesome, though you may smell a little like a fireplace when you leave it doesn't bother me. I do a lot of grilling over mesquite and hickory so I actually like the free cologne scent. :) Now I went with a party of 8 people total and everyone else thought the food was good enough to come back, but nothing to write home about. Unfortunately what I had was terrible. I ordered the green chile burro with pinto beans. I thought the beans would come on the side but they came on the burrito. I didn't care for that. I wish I could tell you if the actual green chile was good but I cant, there wasn't any. I took 3 bites of my burrito and never found a piece of pork so I decided to take it apart and found 3 small pieces of pork TOTAL. The rest of the burrito was rice and beans and everybody at the table cold vouch for this. The overall taste of the burrito was very bland and I felt like I waisted $7 on a rice and bean burro. My wife had the chicken burrito chimichanga style and It was a lot better. another problem that we all had was the chips weordered were all chewy. Don't know if it was just the batch we got but they were hard to eat. The owner seemed very nice and eager to get to know everyone who came in the door. Don't know if I'll go back, maybe if I had a coupon or something that would be the only way, the whole experience was quite expensive for what you get.
3	I ordered the Arizona Style burger. It was a clever combination of ingredients, but the execution was lacking. The chili beef was alright, the beef patty was thin. Food wasn't particularly hot. I noticed that everything was coming out of the kitchen in an odd order, as the rest of our group who ordered directly after us waited to be served at least 10 minutes, while orders placed before and after were filled. This could just be the growing pains of a new business. My friend who ordered the hot dog said the bun was hard, and he felt it was stale vs. being toasted. He can be picky though. The fries were good. The turkey burger with avocado looked great, and my friend said it tasted good.The two burritos my friends ordered were large, but didn't win my friends over.The chimichangas other patrons were ordering looked very good. With so many options, this is not a must-visit.I think what's most striking is the really awkward atmosphere of the place. Perhaps they didn't finish constructing the place? The beer wasn't in place so hopefully there is more work to do. The restaurant is trying to copy an industrial style, but from what they have put into it, it is more like the inside of a barn. The tables are rickety, the lighting is weird, and particle board design has not sufficiently replaced the skeleton of Boston Market. I have no problem eating at a ghetto place, but this restaurant has yet to find its soul. With better execution, this place could go from alright to great.
3	If I could do a 3.5 star review, I would, it's more than "a-ok" but I wouldn't say "yah I'm a fan." I think the place was only opened a few days, I would also rate it higher if they had it staffed properly. Arrived at lunch, and the staff is in "training" mode so it took forever for them to take the two orders ahead of me, and the line behind grew very quickly.  If the service was quick, then I would certainly rate it a four.  Had the "Bueno Burger" with jack cheese.  I think this is something else I don't like about the place, you need to add .75 for cheese. I'd prefer if they included cheese with each type of burger. The burger was certainly good, not sure if its as good as Smash Burger, but certainly in the same league (not a comparison to Delux).  Burger was tasty, would certainly go back if I was in the neighbourhood and felt like a burger.
3	My burger was okay-bueno... :)Cool new burger joint in an area that totally need some flare.  When I attended this place they were still in the process of getting things together. (Soft Open)  Like I said, my burger was okay at best.  I thought the patty was pretty thin.  However, I really enjoyed my topping.  I ordered the Bueno Burger, which had jalapenos, pico salsa, lettuce, and guacamole.  It really made the burger pop!  Fries were extra so we ordered regular and sweet potato fries....mmmm sweet potatoes!  Though I think the Onion Rings were the best.  Service was okay; the owner was really making sure everything was good.  I personally thought there were too many people in the kitchen, but maybe that's how they roll.  We ordered our fries separately which they forgot, but I'm not going to ding them on that.The place was definitely still in the works.  They plan to have live music going once they have their patio complete and their beer license acquired.  I can't wait since this place is right down the street from me.  It would be quite interesting to see simply because it's right in suburbia.  - Enjoy!
2	There is so much hype about this place but I'm really not sure why. I tried their burrito bowl, sounded really good on the menu but its not all that its cracked up to be. First thing, I only asked for black beans but they gave me both - fine whatever. Where did the rice go though? And extra charge of $2 for guacamole. I'm ok with that, I love guacamole but seriously a teaspoon size dolop (and I'm not exaggerating) cost me $2 - you have got to be kidding me. Take if off the menu! Burrito bowl = FAIL. You want a good burrito bowl for the same price and double or more the portions, go to Chipotle. I might consider trying a burger. Not anytime soon though, I'm annoyed :(
2	Remember the old Wendy's commercial with the old lady asking "where's the beef?"Well, ditto that...We split the green chili beef chimi and although it tasted pretty good, there were literally three small pieces of beef with virtually no green chilis.As Klohe Kardashian said at her sister's wedding, I give it six f'in months...unless they add some meat to those meals...
5	A very welcome and needed addition to McCormick Ranch!  With so many burger joints out there offering a lot of the same, Bueno Burger offers fresh local ingredients and a unique menu which allows you to customize your burger experience.  Not to mention the flavor from the mesquite grill which is unlike anything else out there.  If your not a burger/dog fan, you can't go wrong with one of their green chile burritos, chimis and other Mex grill items.  I'm also a firm believer in eating/drinking local so go and check them out and help support another great local restaurant ran and operated by some great people; I can assure your experience will be very pleasant and hospitable!  Plus, I hear they'll be adding a nice selection of local and regional craft beers in the next few weeks which should nicely compliment the mesquite grilled burgers and dogs.  Well played Bueno Burger!
5	The family and I stopped in on Thursday night to check it out. My wife and I both had the glendale burger if i recall. We also had fries and onion rings. Everything was great. I see a few reviews on here mention soggy fries and where's the beef. I disagree. Our fries were crisp and the onion rings were perfect. The beef was great and tasted awesome. Could have been working out the kinks and that is why they had a bad experience. In my opinion it was very good. So good i took a buddy there for lunch the next day. Word of advice. Pick up some ranch. They got a secret recipe thing going on and a great addition to the fries and onion rings. We needed a place like this and stoke to have them here.
2	I was very excited to try Bueno Burger last night.  I had spoken to a customer walking out who said it was their 5th visit in the past 3 weeks so I was pretty optimistic.  I ordered the Glendale style burger with pepper jack cheese and without bbq sauce.  I also ordered a side of regular fries.  Total cost was just over $9.When I lifted the top bun off the burger I had the same reaction that another patron had... "where's the burger patty"?  The actual burger was so small and was dwarfed by the bun.  Overall it tasted okay, but there are at least half a dozen places within a square mile that have much better burgers (with fries or another side included) for the same price as Bueno Burger.
3	Friendly service, ordered burger and fries, and my wife had the shredded pork sandwich.1st time - burger was tasty but small patty.  Bread was great on both sandwiches. Skimpy on the fries! Pork sandwich was excellent though.Would go back if i had a coupon to make the value a little greater.
5	This place is very good!I stumbled across this place when driving down Hayden today and decided to drop in and give it a try. There were a lot of really nice sounding options on the menu ranging from Burgers to hot dogs to burritos with lots of tasty sounding toppings on each.I opted for the Arizona burger and the Sonoran Hot dog. The Arizona burger had a homemade green chili beef in it which was VERY good and the Sonoran Dog was surprisingly really good. I say surprisingly because I am used to El Guero Canelo down in Tucson which has the best Sonoran dogs and did not think I would come away satisfied because of going to that place in Tucson a lot. The Sonoran dog here measured up well and was very tasty.While i was waiting Vanessa the owner came up to my table and introduced herself and told me about the place. She was very nice and accomadating and made me feel welcome. You could tell her and her husband take a lot of pride in their restaurant. Everything was really nice and clean and the staff was also very helpful.I will definitely go back to this place, Great spot. And great food!
2	Unfortunately, another missed "great burger" opportunity.  It's all a big yawn.  A big "so what"?I had to go far to try this and it was just so underwhelming.  The Habit -- much bigger, much better.  Alright, so it lacks a southwest burger theme, but so what?  All I ever want is TASTE!I thought it cute, endearing that whatever they ordered in wall covering on the east wall hadn't come in and they simply hung artwork, photos on this un-done wall.  Hell, you're not gonna not open just because some wallpaper didn't come in, but it really reflects in the rest of the restaurant.  These guys aren't pro's.  Think I'm being tough?  Go to a Zin Burger and see the professionalism.First of all, IF this burger was a 1/4 pound, I'll put in with you.  It's BARELY 1/4 pound.I ordered The Glendale, supposed to come with bacon (tasteless) and mushrooms (a good amount, also tasteless; they were there for effect) and a chipotle cream sauce.  I won't take the time to  google the menu to find out exactly what they call it, but it served as a condiment, nothing more.The fries?  Mediocre.  Mediocre.  And if you're eating "The Glendale" with some fantabulous horseraddish aioli sauce, do you really want to introduce ketchup into the mix?  I don't.  I didn't.  The fries MUST STAND ALONE.  Unfortunately, here, they do not stand alone.My order took too long.  And I don't know why.  The sporting event on the plasma was nearing its end, the "masses" having already been served.  Guess the cook was on a smoke-break, but it took a little too long.The burger, the fries a fountain drink, all very middle of the road.  I guess if you're in the area...Cheeseburger, single patty, The Glendale, fries and a 12 oz. drink: $9 and change.IN TODAY'S ECONOMY: I can eat twice at Subway for that, 1.5 times at Jimmy John's or 4 Calzones at Costco.  Or, burgerwise, for $7 and change I can go to Lucky Boy! and be very happy.One last tip: the lady who took my order, who "counseled" as to what I should order, was nearby twice while I was eating my burger.  If this is the neighborhood burger joint I think they want to be, she should have been TRAINED BY MANAGEMENT AND OWNERS TO BE MORE OUTGOING: "How's your burger, sir" would have been nice.  Instead, she just cleaned the tables.
4	I was in here for lunch today with a friend.  The service was fast and friendly.  I ordered the Arizona style burger  with cheese, fries and a drink.  The cost was only $9 which I think was quite a value given the quality.The Arizona style burger came with green chili beef, green chilis, lettuce and sour cream.  It had a nice kick to it and was very juicy.If you're in the Hayden/Indian Bend area stop in and give them a try.
3	Decent lunch spot, a good value and a tasty burger (Bueno with cheddar cheese).  Would give it 3.5 stars if I could.  Will def return since there were at least two other menu items I really want to try.
5	Love it. Onion rings are off the chart!!! Burger was indeed bueno and then these little cinnamon mini churros. Yum yum yum!!!  We will be back!!!!
5	We stopped there cause it smelled so good, but it tasted even better. The owners were there and bought each of my kids rides on their old fashioned mechanical horse. Bring a bunch of dimes for the kids.  Good prices and very kid friendly. I wish I had time for a beer. Great beer selection and great prices per pint. I'll be back.
5	Bueno is right! Their AZ burger is delish! The wheat bun was soft and fresh. I loved the green chili on top of the burger. They have no problems with substitutions or specialized orders which is always a plus to me. The fries were super tasty too. And $7.50 for a meal isn't too shabby for some quality food. You go Bueno Burger!
4	Very friendly staff with a unique menu. Kid friends, with a nice beer selection. Green chili burro was delicious, will definitely be back.
3	Just okay.  The employees very nice and helpful when I ordered and the place was clean and comfortable.But it was really nothing special.I had a make your own burger with Cheddar Cheese, Raw Onion, Pickle, Lettuce, Bueno Sauce and Mayo and regular potato fries.The Bueno sauce kinda had a poison taste to me.The onion on my burger was dry and the thick stump end of the onion.  It was a very strong red onion.The burger seemed like it was one of those preformed frozen patties.  It was not very tender.  It was actually a bit on the chewy side and dry.  Not sure about the size issues that I read about in the other reviews.  It seemed like a 1/4 to 1/3 pound and filled up the bun.  The fries were just okay too. Sorry guys, when I waste calories on eating a burger and fries I want it to be worth it!  I'll take In and Out burger with their fresh tender little burgers with yummy sauce and tasty french fries over Bueno Burger any day!
4	Never heard of this place but my Jeep group was doing an event here. I have to compliment this husband and wife team for a great night, good service and a Great burger. One of the owners talked me into their "Scottsdale Style" burger and she was right!  It was very good. I will go back here again.
4	Awesome service and awesome food!
5	The burgers were very good!! The glendale burger was a step above the rest. Will go back to try the Scottsdale . The staff was friendlyand attentive and the prices were very reasonable.
4	Stumbled upon this place by accident while on vacation to the area.  Pleasantly suprised by this place.  First of all the BBQ smell inside is incredible!!  Basically this place takes a burger and puts an AZ spin on it.  I ordered a bacon wrapped hotdog with green chilis....it was excellent.  But don't come here if you're in a hurry.  Not that their slow, but everything is made to order, so it's not fast food.
4	Went into the restaurant a few nights ago, Tuesday, neighborhood night! Owner, I believe her name is Vanessa, was very friendly and talkative. Helped us ensure our order was taken care of and that we have a nice time. The first time I ate here I had the burrito bowl - not again. This time I had the chicken quesadilla with pico de guyo on the side. For something so simple, it was delicious! Will go back. Enjoy the friendly, neighborly atmosphere!
5	Very delish burgers.....best I've had in a while.  Prices are also very reasonable.  I really liked the combos that they've come up with for their burgers. Definitely not just run of the mill, lettuce, tomato & mayo (although you can get it that way too).I had the Glendale Burger, which was so flavorful and juicy; highly recommended.  The sweet potato fries were also yummy.  I had a taste of my friend's onion rings which were the perfect crunch & texture.The dining area has a flat screen with sports going (for all you boys out there), and it was clean, bright, and comfortable. I will def be going back soon!
5	Had the Scottsdale turkey burger,lettuce wrapped,,unbelievably delicious.Definitely going back. The fries, regular and the sweet potatoes ones, were excellent . Great menu ,friendly caring service,very clean.Price was really reasonably and it's great that they serve beer too.
4	I have tried a few of the burgers and dogs here and loved every one. This is a former Boston Market location and is essentially set up the same way. Don't be in a hurry, this is not fast food.
3	I got the Bueno Burger, and I thought it was really good. My husband who is a really picky eater and overly judgmental at food joints got the Glendale burger and really enjoyed his too. The fry portion which you pay extra for was very small, you pay extra for your drink, and extra for a side of ranch. When we went it was a little busy, but it took a while to get our food. We will probably go back for the food, not for the wait though.
1	This place was horrible! I walk in and no one is there, and the guy behind the counter doesn't even look at me and gets on his cell phone and starts talking to someone. um like HELLO you have a customer?? He didn't even say, hold on ill be right with you, i stood there for about 5 min and then just left. the guy didn't even make a move to indicate that he was going to help me. I have no idea what the food taste like and i don't even care, they need to learn some customer service!
5	Very impressed. Absolutely delicious food. The service was excellent. Highly recommended!
3	So i went back to this place and tired it out, the food is okay i just got a cheese quesadilla it was okay nothing special they didn't give me any salsa or sour cream and all the employees seem so angry and in such a bad mood i didn't even bother to ask for any sides. My boyfriend got a burger he said it tasted pretty good. Overall i just felt like a bother to the employees, but there was one girl who was nice and had smile on her face but everyone else was so just rude. I mean we all hate our jobs but wow they showed how much they hated it. Overall the restaurant was clean and i feel bad that i didn't like this place because its got a great location but just not for me.
2	I got the beefless burger with cheese, gaucamole, lettus, and a side of sweet potatoe fries with a tab of $11.01.  Really?  The fries had a weird taste to them and an even worst after-taste.  The burger I could not taste the gaucamole and took apart my burger to make sure it was on it.    Not worth the price in my opinion.
4	Good food! family friendly spot! The owner Vanessa gave us excellent service acknowledging us and our kids! P.S. MUST try the Brownies!!! Thanks again Vanessa!
5	I really like this place. There isn't anything on the menu I haven't liked yet, plus they have this amazing sauce at the condiment station called Madison's. Get some of that, it truly is a treat!!!  I hope these guys open more locations, everything is mesquite smoked and cooked over a flame. The brisket sandwich is amazing. Restrooms and dining rooms is clean, and great staff.   Keep up the good work fellas!
5	Ate at Buenos Burger for the first time and loved it!  I tried the fish burger and it was so good.  I think they cook everything on mesquite grill.  Yum!  I just found a favorite new restaurant!
5	My friend suggested we try Bueno Burger so me and 5 others headed up there last Friday to give it a shot.  From the outside it looked like a typical fast food type place but after walking in you could instantly smell a light aroma of a mesquite wood grill.  We were then warmly greeted by the owner's daughter.  She has a very charming personality and she was very personable with all of us.  She asked if we'd been here before and we said no so she made a few menu suggestions.  We all thought she was so nice. After reading the menu and seeing the very nice selection of beers on tap I could tell this was no fast food joint.  I couldn't decide what to try since everything on the menu looked good.  I decided to go with the Scottsdale style burger (turkey) with some onion rings and a Negra Modelo beer.  About 10 minutes later, the owner and her daughter brought us our food along with anything else we needed.  The presentation was amazing and after taking a bite I started to laugh because I was in heaven with the mixture of a perfectly cooked turkey patty with a light mesquite smoke oozing with brie cheese along with the arugula, apple chutney, sprouts and pickled red onions.  I then told the other guys that I believe this is the best turkey burger I've ever had.  I even told the owner that if this burger were a bed, I'd climb into it!  I live in Gilbert and can't wait to come back with my wife.  Bueno Burger is Muy Bueno in my book.Roger
5	Love the moist turkey burger and arizona burger. The ghost chilli paste is no joke! Its sweet at first but it sneaks up on you. The Sneaky Diablo is spicy without the ghost chili paste, so get it on the side.
5	Seriously awesome. The burgers are wood fired and have many different styles. Great place for a quick lunch but also a good place to watch a game and down some burgers & beers
4	Very impressed.  I have been looking for a good burger joint on this side of town besides Houstons for a while and it looks like I've found it! Stopped in this Friday afternoon around 12:00 and only had to wait for 2 people.  I ordered the McCormick Ranch Chicken burger on wheat bun and it is delicious.  I paired it with sweet potato french fries and those are delicious as well.  I was a bit disappointed as the prices on the wall either come with: fries and a small drink or if you want something other than fries and no drink you pay that plus the full price for what you want.  The man in front of me had the same burger as me with the fries and small drink and only payed around $8.  I, however, paid $10 for the same burger and sweet potato french fries with no drink.  Oh well, at least the food is worth it.  I will definitely be returning.
5	First time.   Had Gringo Style. Great flavor!  Pretty large patty too.  Enjoyed it very much.  Will have to go back.  Could find no fault.  Good fries too.Think they should call out there is more than just burgers, there is fish, BBQ, chicken and salads too.  But of a misnomer and could limit clientele.
4	I was super impressed with the green chile burger! Packed with flavor, and meaty green chile, it's a hearty, tasty burger! I also had a GIANT sonoran style hot dog, which may not have been as awesome as the type one would get from a street cart, but really impressive just the same. The staff is friendly, and the menu offers quite a variety!  The meats for many items are wood smoked! Yay! What I did find so bueno about Bueno burger was the dining situation-  the dining room itself is clean and sufficient, with a giant TV, but the smoke from the kitchen is rather stifling. The outdoor eating area is huge, but picnic table style, made of industrial steel.... really... uncomfortable industrial steel. Food is king, however, when it comes to my opinion of a place, so 4 stars, for Bueno Burger!
5	Loved it. This was my first trip to Bueno burger and I will definitely be back. Don't let the humble setting fool you, this place is a gem. You can't beat the taste of a mesquite grill.  They have gluten free options too! I recommend the cilantro slaw--so tasty! I'll be back with friends. They have a great happy hour and friendly staff.
4	I went here for my lunch break and I wanted to find a new burger joint. I was incredibly impressed with the quality of the burgers here. I had the gringo style burger and I couldn't have been happier. I don't think they salted the frie for some reason, but I can overlook that.
5	Took our 4 kids out to BB tonight for the first time... My husband's final review of the place was, "It's dangerous to have this so close to us."  Price: Decent.  At about $6.50 for a menu burger, not bad.  Doesn't come with fries or a side, though... but drinks were priced below what we see elsewhere (including bottled beer.)Atmosphere: Ok, nothing special.  We went at 5:30, so note that the restaurant dining room is facing West .  The restaurant was almost empty except for us and a couple.  Folks were coming in to order take-out, but the dining room was wide open with a big tv.  The 10cent pony rides were a hit with my small children.  Food: This is why this place gets 5 stars from me.  Holy guacamole, it is tasty!  And not just the guacamole.  We got an order of chips and guacamole... d@mn tasty!  Between us, we got Gringo Burgers, Borracho Pork, and McCormick Ranch.  The regular (Gringo) burger was juicy flavorful.  The McCormich Ranch chicken was marinated in an absolutely delicious chipotle, and had a slightly strong smokey taste.  Next time a sweet and savory slice of bacon would make this perfect.  And the Borracho Pork was phenomenal.  They say it is marinated in Modelo Negro overnight to give it an extra special flavor.  We all ordered wheat buns - nice option that not enough places offer IMHO.  Also, in my opinion, I wouldn't recommend take-out as these are all juicy and you'll have very soggy buns.Final thoughts: We're full of regret that we did not try place sooner, but they'll be seeing more of us in the future.
2	First of all, let me preface this with a disclaimer. My girlfriend and I were hungry and couldn't decide on what to eat and as the hours moved on, we finally decided on Bueno Burger due to it's proximity to my house. Not double checking the closing time, we walked in 15 minutes prior to close.From experience in the restaurant industry, I know that walking into a restaurant 15 minutes before close, you're asking for it. Bad service, leftover food etc. But regardless, we were hungry and this was a much better option than Subway.We decided to take it to go to try and let the staff get out of there, but we didn't feel too bad as there were about 5 people in the restaurant already.Food:  I had the glendale burger on wheat and my girlfriend had the carne asada burrito. The burger was decent, a little on the dry side but had decent flavor. The burrito on the other hand was lacking flavor and the rice was undercooked and was still hard/chewy. Ambiance: We walked in and there were a few people waiting for food and a few waiting for food. The big TV is nice while you're waiting. However, after we had ordered, two teenagers walked in, one with a guitar. I didn't think anything of it, but as soon as they ordered, the guy with the guitar started to play and the girl that was with him started to sing....badly. They sat down in the dining area and proceeded to sing the whole time we were there waiting for our food...a little over 10 minutes. While they were jamming out to old Pocohontas (yes disney) tunes, my girlfriend and I were starting to get annoyed but we decided to keep quiet as we were getting out of there soon. The place was nearly empty but these kids were playing like it was a street corner...inside. The staff proceeded to do nothing about it and it appeared like they knew them and the two were regulars (greeting by name etc). I surely hope this is not a nightly thing. Overall Experience: For the 15 or so minutes we were there, the first impression was not a good one. The staff seemed unexperienced (our food sat in the window for several minutes before being packaged up and given to us - resulting in luke warm food) and the two kids singing and playing guitar could have been charming had the music been decent or if the girl had a voice that wasn't like nails on a chalkboard. Not everyone wants to hear your terrible rendition of "Blue Corn Moon"...you just insulted Vanessa Williams to the nth degree.Granted, it was 15 minutes before close when we walked in, but the restaurant and staff should be operating at full capacity till the business hours say they're closed. Since the restaurant is so close, maybe I'll give it another try during more normal hours...
1	Uggggggh. Our burgers were well done and tasted funny. We got the wrong food for the rest of the order and called. They said they would remake it and come back. They did not remake it and we waited a long time again while they did. The two of us that had burgers got sick. Enough said!!!!!
3	My kiddo attempts to ask for it by name (Bueno is a hard word for a little kid to say).  I think she just wants to go for the 10 cent pony rides on Swifty.The food is decent.  I've never had anything horrible, but I've never had anything stellar, though.
5	Yum. Burgers cooked perfectly. Slightly pink and juicy.
4	Great burgers! French fires are great well done. I've heard the hot dogs are real good too, but have never had one.It would easily get 5 stars from me if they added some creative milkshakes to the menu -- I'll bet that would bring in more kids with their parents too. They'd need to be made with fresh, local real ice cream from, say, Udder Delights or Sweet Republic. Since they'd have the ice cream if they did that, I'll bet they could add more fun and $$$ per customer if they added scoops and sundaes to the dessert menu.Side note - the decor looks a little confused: too put together and non-eclectic to be a "dive bar" ambiance (like Greasewood Flats), and not finished enough to look like a local burger bar (like Zinburger), or stuck in the middle (like The Grind). But it still gets an A+ for great-tasting, mesquite wood-grilled burgers and really friendly service.
5	I have eating here for last two days unbelievably good food! Wish they had one of these in Southern California! If you're in the Scottsdale area you've got to try this place, if you like burgers on an open grill, Wow!The tilapia fish sandwich was unbelievable! Love this place!!!
5	I've been driving by this place for a few months and had heard great things about it. We stopped in tonight and met the owner, Vanessa. She went through the whole menu with us, telling us about the mesquite fire and the quality of the beef, and how most of the sauces and toppings are made on site. We ordered and these are great burgers, cooked just right. The Bueno Burger is amazing with just the right amount of spice and seasonings. Also, the onion rings a are great. We will definitely going here again and again. Make sure you talk to Vanesa while you're there. Her sparkling personality is worth a sixth star.
1	When this place first opened, I had such high hopes. Next time in town I was excited to return. Bueno Burger could not have disappointed more resoundingly. The buns were soggy, only ten fries were included (literally), and it took forever. To boot, the employees didn't seem to care and were, shall we say, less than accommodating. Even a tip didn't seem to encourage these people. I have crossed this place off my list and strongly encourage you to do the same.
4	I had been to the original BB on the westside and was slightly underwhelmed. The concept was great the rest was not. So they move to a better location and the owner is maning the register. I asked her if it were possible to make a double but pattie it all together like one thick burger. The burger was a tad over cooked but man was it good. Such a great flame grilled char and wood flavor. I really enjoyed my burger and fries this time. Too bad it is sooo much further then before.
1	My boyfriend loves this place so I thought I'd give it a shot. I've tried 2 different burritos and both were dry and tasteless. Needless to say, I'm not a fan of Bueno Burger...
4	I typically drop by the shopping center this joint is located in to grab a bite from a different restaurant.  One day, this one caught my eye, so I stopped in to see what it was all about.  I was pleasantly surprised to see that they serve up both Burgers and Mexican dishes....two of my fav's!  I've been here a few times, and here's what I've tried:Bueno Burger (Guacamole, Salsa, Jalapeno Relish, Bueno Sauce, Lettuce), $6.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bueno-burger-scottsdale?select=kWewQ-xSnrT41cAiz4nf9Q#kWewQ-xSnrT41cAiz4nf9QBean & Cheese Burrito, $4.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bueno-burger-scottsdale?select=YLd7kIlPXgOv0gV4oGesXA#YLd7kIlPXgOv0gV4oGesXAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bueno-burger-scottsdale?select=bptdJoBB5ihOYMKDZxOypw#bptdJoBB5ihOYMKDZxOypwQuesadilla, $3.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bueno-burger-scottsdale?select=jGaSLpAupuiiDelOxf34vw#jGaSLpAupuiiDelOxf34vwThe Quesadilla is so/so, but the Bueno Burger and Bean & Cheese Burrito rocks!  The Burger has a nice sized portion of Guac in it...they don't skimp here.  The Bean & Cheese Burrito is made with Black or Pinto Beans, not Refried Beans, and it tastes sooo good!  It also has Sour Cream and Rice in it....which tickles your taste buds.Overall, it's a pretty good dining option for quick eats.  I will continue to come back.Return Factor - 90%
5	Green chile beef burrito is outstanding.  Scottsdale style burger is also tasty for a low fat meal.  You cannot go wrong at BB.  Sweet potato fries are also very good.  I highly recommend you try BB!
3	For the fans of Bueno Burger it's no bueno because the lights have been turned off at this location. I was going to do lunch on New Year's Day and there was a For Lease sign. It's a shame, the lady who ran this place was so accomodating. She let me crash there while waiting for AAA after I pulled into the adjacent parking lot with a flat tire a couple of months ago.
5	CLOSEDsuch a pity!  We ate there once a week and always enjoyed the dog friendly patio with the great food
4	Very good!  Very good menu selection!
5	A new neighborhood gem! I shared a Glendale burger and the pulled pork sandwich with the significant other and both were amazing! Every sandwich/burger can be lettuce wrapped for a healthy alternative- which is super nice.
