4	Finally, I restaurant in Pittsburgh that I can give 4 stars!! Mitchell's is located on the Waterfront and is one of the nicer restaurants in that area. The interior is a classic, clean, modern seafood restaurant-- dark wood, glass, etc... The menu has really great seafood selections and is printed daily.  But here's what's great about this place: after 4pm you can get "small plates" at the bar for $3 each, and these ain't no Costco fish sticks! Two of these small plates would make a sufficient meal (along with the sourdough French bread they bring out). Finally, while the drinks aren't cheap, they're creative, tasty and fresh. All in all, I had a great experience, and I think this place would be perfect for a date or a happy hour with the girls from the typing pool.
5	No pictures!  I knew I should have taken my camera!My aunt and I went there today for Mother's day.  I think we must have gotten the lunch menu because everything looked pretty cheap (I've been to the one in Columbus).  My aunt had a chicken dinner (grilled chicken, green beans and potatoes with butter) and I had their Shanghai sampler which had a couple of shrimp, a couple of scallops and a nice piece of salmon, all done perfectly.  We didn't order dessert since my aunt had made my favorite pumpkin pie!  Anyway, dinner was great, and so was the service, thus the five stars!
4	This is one of the few restaurants I frequent in the Waterfront. Why would you come to Mitchell's if not for the fish/seafood? You probably wouldn't. But you can swim in the Great Lakes beer on tap here and have some nice oysters while enjoying river view. Not many places in Pittsburgh offer these types of views while dining (and that's a Pittsburgh mystery to me). The restaurant is never to crowded and you won't get packed in like sardines in a tin can. So you can enjoy a fairly romantic dinner with your loved one(s).  The food is very good but you may have to shell out a few clams of your own ($$$). If you have deep ocean like pockets put your hook into the  sea bass which is always moist and scrumptious at around $29.99. They will cook your food one of several ways. I like my fish broiled, their signature is too salty for my liking. Bread is mmmgood and hot (free). Staff is very  accommodating ie you can request to sample a soup and the servers are pleased to do so. I recommend you try their soups like the seafood gumbo. A bowl of this creamy delight goes a long way...bonus they toss in those little hexagonal oyster crackers as  reminds me of my youth on Long Island's south shore (but that's another story). Salads a bit skimpy and somewhat pricey (approx. $7.95 for basic house salad). Bottom line is Mitchell's at the Waterfront is well worth taking the splash for if you really like a nice seafood dinner.
4	Mtchells is one of the best fish places around.  I really like their Shanghi preparation of my fish. It's just delicious.The establishment is always clean, the staff courteous and the fish, of course, fresh.  Oddly enough one of my favorite things about going here besides the fish is the bread they give you.  It's always so warm and tasty.The deserts are also very tasty.  I have gotten two that I really likedThey also have a three course fixed price option last I went that was a great value. I think it was $20/person for lunch.
4	An excellent choice for fresh, well prepared seafood located in the Waterfront area in Homestead.   I frequent this area for business travel, and you can't do much better without heading downtown.The seafood is excellent, with a daily menu crammed full of fresh fish specials, a raw bar, and a list of chef's specialties.  The house salad is sweet and delicious, and the 'shanghai' seafood preparation is delicious, healthy, and unique.  Try it with the scallops or a white-fleshed fish.There is a nice selection of regional beers on tap, a decent selections of wines, and creative drinks (think elderflower and pear martinis).  The deserts are adequate, though not a highlight.  If you're on the Waterfront, you won't do better than this.  Enjoy!
4	I was impressed.  Went here for lunch.  The seafood gumbo was tremendous.  I wasn't in the mood for more seafood so I had the chicken blt on ciabatta bread.  I'm not sure what type of creamy sauce they put on the bread, but it was delicious.  Will go back again.The food was reasonably priced for lunch.  Dinner would obviously be more expensive but I imagine it's worth the $.
4	I did not know this is a franchise restaurant until I had looked it up on the internet. This is the only restaurant I was not familiar with by the waterfront. My mom and me sat on the outdoor patio, the weather was very nice on a breezy summer day. There was a great prix fixe special for $23, what a great price for regular portion salad---the dressing was too sweet for me---entree and mini dessert.The fish was fresh. My mom's chilean sea bass shanghi style came with sticky rice and spinach. The sea bass had nice texture and was reasonably priced. My lobster and shrimp pappardelle had more shrimp than I expected. My desert was creme brulee, which was very good. I love a good sugar coated dessert.
5	A very nice meal in a very nice restaurantPROS:Very good foodinteresting choices--not your typical red lobster crapGreat serviceVery clean (restrooms, included)CONS:n/a
4	I took my cousin from California here for lunch. We were both eating lite since a) I was dieting and b) my family was having dinner at my mother's house and she was slaving over lasagna all day, so if anyone knows anything about Italian mother's, you better arrive hungry. Back to mitchell's, I had the iceberg wedge with bacon, egg, tomatoes and a delicious home made blue cheese dressing. I also ordered a bowl of seafood gumbo which was the best gumbo I ever tasted. It wasn't overly packed with rice, as a matter of fact, there wasn't much rice at all. It was mostly shredded crab, scallops, and shrimp with a very delicate broth that wasn't too thick and the heat snuck up on you after swallowing. It wasn't a lot of heat, just enough to make it exciting. As for the iceberg wedge salad, every once in awhile I need a piece of iceberg instead of a bowl of spring mix (ie: tender weeds). The star of this salad was the chef made blue cheese dressing. It was not overly thick, very tasty and savory. It complimented the bacon and egg on the wedge. The cousin ordered the carrot cake for dessert and it was easily a pound slice. I tasted a little bite and must say it's the best carrot cake I've ever tasted. The cream cheese frosting was more buttery than "cheesy", it was a great surprise when you're expecting the normal cream cheese frosting. There were whole walnuts throughout the cake and many raisins, which I love. Also this recipe seems to rely on more cinnamon than I've tasted in the past. I highly recommend it. It was a wonderful lunch and I'm sure she had carrot cake to take on the plane ride back to Riverside.
5	This place has great seafood. The best in the area. I come here for seafood every time. Everything on their menu is good. Their menu changes all the time depending on what was in season. Appetizers are amazing like the raw oysters.  Their clam chowder is the best. Really creamy with lots of clams. Wonderful restaurant. You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. We love coming to this restaurant. Don't forget a reservation on weekends. You will not get a table and will probably wait an hour or two if you don't have one. We never get to the dessert. Always too full to eat dessert.   Forgot to take pictures.
3	Mitchell's Fish Market is a very nice place to eat...for a chain restaurant.  And actually, if it wasn't a chain, it wouldn't be too bad either.  The atmosphere was surprisingly pleasant - the room was warm and intimate, perfect for a date.  It wasn't too noisy or too crowded, and we were seated right away on a Friday around 7:30 pm.Our server was friendly, and happy to give recommendations.  I started with a house salad, which I told the server I would split with my boyfriend.  She brought it to us on two separate plates, which I thought was a nice touch, and more than what I expected.  Poppy seed dressing was okay, it's pretty thick and creamy as I remember, but tasty.I ordered from the special menu, since they had a bit of a lobster promotion going on.  My entree was a combo: lobster tail, and "lobster pot pie."  Now, lobster is a beautiful thing, but I have to say....it wasn't beautiful here.  It wasn't awful, but it didn't taste as fresh as I like (I'm guessing that's because the meat was frozen originally).  It's just a shame.  Dipping the lobster in butter was a pleasant experience, but it's supposed to be an ecstatic one.The lobster pot pie was totes not what I imagined.  I pictured a flaky, golden crust, a delicious creamy lobstery gravy, and big hunks of lobster and vegetables.  Instead....I got what sort of resembled a small bread bowl made of a biscuit.  There was a lot of sauce, which was surprisingly orange in color and very rich, with some lobster chunks and vegetables that appeared to come from a bag of frozen veg (I'd recognize those tiny square-shaped carrot chunks anywhere)!  Whaaaaaaaat?  It wasn't bad or anything, but not what I imagined.  I was a little bummed out.  So everything we ate was just fine, and nice when you're craving seafood....but I think in future I'd rather just head to the Strip, get a lobster, and cook the sucker up myself.  I didn't try their fresh preparations, so I can't say how those were.I'd say in the Waterfront though, it's probably one of your better options.  Healthier and fresher than most of the other choices.  And the atmosphere is great, including the service.
4	Excellent service, great meal!  They had an excellent selection of seafood,  and I can't wait to dine again
5	Delightful! After biking on the river trail that led us to the Waterfront, we zoomed past what looked like a wonderful patio situation at Mitchell's, right on the river. We parked our bikes and were seated promptly at the patio. The waitress even filled our water bottles for us! The interior of the restaurant is very nice, sea-themed, and clean. The decor is really tasteful and classy. The outside was perfect. It was Sunday afternoon and the weather was gorgeous. Looking out to a serene part of the river is fabulous as well. Our waiter was professional, knowledgeable and friendly. We decided just on a few drinks and an app. The two drinks my bf ordered were AMAZING. The first, muddled basil, grapefruit juice and vodka (I forget the name). SO refreshing! the basil was flavorful and tasted awesome with the grapefruit juice. The second he got was a frothy pineapple-vodka with a huge fresh chunk of pineapple inside. Both were winners. I stuck with a fairly priced white wine but got to test his fun drinks :) The app we got was the Hawaiian Seared Ahi Tuna and it was delicious as well. It was a pretty decent size to split, and came with sushi rice, a red onion/cucumber relish, ginger and wasabi. I believe the tuna was also drizzled with ponzu. It was so good - definitely recommend! My bf couldn't help himself so he also ordered a cup of lobster bisque, which I don't eat, but he said it was very good. He also polished off some of the warm bread loaf that accompanied our meal. This place definitely earns the stars and I had no idea it was even a chain. The waiter said they were expanding, so hopefully the quality and service don't go down. I also checked out the rest of the menu and they use quality ingredients and the prices really aren't bad (it was the lunch menu - I'm sure the dinner menu is pricier.) I felt like I was on vacation and I'll definitely be back!
4	This was a great find near Pittsburgh alternative to down town scene. Ambiance was great on the deck by the river, and service was excellent (Thanks Melisa for history lessens!). Seafood including Oysters were fresh and well prepared. Price was reasonable for "Prefix" menu including scrumptious dessert.  What an evening to end a fantastic summer day in Pittsburgh.
4	DRINKS: Water for me, Yuengling for my fianceAPPETIZERS: Cup of Maine Lobster Bisque for me -- soo good! My fiance had the New Orleans Seafood Gumbo which I had a taste of it and it was good, but I liked my soup better...very rich and creamy but full of flavor with a fair amount of lobster bits mixed in. The bread they served with the apps was fresh baked (I believe sourdough) and it was quite tasty along with the whipped butter. Our entrees came with house salads - had great elements, but I felt I couldn't enjoy mine because the dressing given was a poppyseed vinagrette and I can't handle too much acidity in my food these days. My fiance however cleaned his salad plate (not a sentence I utter often).ENTREES: I had one of the specials, Grilled Shrimp and Scallops with roasted summer vegetables and tomato vinagrette (which I asked for on the side). The seafood part was great - the vegetables were so-so. My fiance had the special of Cod stuffed with Lobster (and some other seafood) with asparagus and a lemony sauce - I had a taste of his and it was really yummy, I'll def order that next time! We both finished our plates, which wasn't too challenging b/c the portions were moderate (I got 3  srhimp and 3 scallops for example) but still filling.DESSERT: Didn't order anySERVICE: Friendly, though a little sparse. After we finished our meals we felt like we were waiting around for awhile before we could ask for our check. But our server was overall friendly and we didn't feel neglected or anything.DEALS/DISCOUNTS: NoneOVERALL: We liked the variety and freshness of seafood. Def a place we'd consider going to again, which is the main mark of a very good experience!
3	Got lunch from here today. What I sampled: Maine Lobster Bisque (delicious and the whole reason for getting lunch from here)Cheeseburger (decent version I only ate about half, but I expect the other half won't last long)Overall I enjoy going here, though it is a bit overpriced, but sometimes I am just in the mood for that lobster bisque!
5	We went here for Valentines Day after some traffic downtown made us miss our reservation somewhere else. We both loved it. The calamari is outstanding and if you get there before 7, they run happy hour which is half off apps and $3 beers. I had filet and crab cake and it was delicious. The steak was cooked perfectly and the crabcake was a good size. Atmosphere was good and busy but that is likely because of it being Valentines day. Despite the busyness, the wait staff was very attentive.My wife's steak came out rare despite asking for medium but they took it back and recooked it to a perfect medium level. We will def be back.
4	Went on a Saturday, 2 hour wait. food is good, I got some seafood gumbo to go and I won't do that again. Seemed like it didn't have any seafood in it.
5	The service is great and friendly. I got the baked spinach and artichoke dip and it was superb. I love the fresh, right out of the oven bread too. I got the Atlantic salmon, and it was probably the best fish I have ever tried. Listened to other yelpers suggestion of the shang hai preparation, and they were right. Just make sure you make a reservation! Best seafood restaurant in da burgh!
4	Service was slow, but that was because one of our party insisted that the bartender, her favorite server, serve us in our private room for a party of 8.  The food and drinks were good and we woud return.
2	I am bummed about this- I had high hopes. Here's a rundown of the evening:Pros:- super friendly waitress, Stephanie, who maintained her professionalism and friendliness throughout - yummy elderflower and pear beverage- lobster bisque was nice and lobster-y- hot delicious breadCons:- oysters were sketch. And I don't feel good about that. Stephanie brought us an order of East Coast oysters to replace the West Coast ones that we sent back.- fresh grated horseradish had NO flavor or heat- what's up with that?- scallops were meh- came with weird veggies, unevenly seared, and no real flavor. And at a whopping $25 a plate, I expect some nummers!I doubt we'll go back- for those prices, I would prefer McCormick's or Ruth's Chris.
4	Good food..yummy
2	Service an atmosphere was great. I had the shrimp boil and it was very under-seasoned. Much closer to bland than anything.
1	I'm not a mean reviewer, if you look at the other places I've reviewed, but this was just so so so disappointing. The Shanghai style Merlin was very poorly done. The meat was extremely bland, with very little seasoning. I have a very low sodium tolerance and yet I still found this fish to be made too bland. The rice was entirely uncooked and it made crunching sounds as I took my first bite. I talked to the waitress and she offered to bring out another side. It wasn't the same. The whole dish was a fail and I don't think I am ever coming back again :(
2	I went here on a recent business trip, and there aren't many decent options in West Homestead, so I decided to splurge on the company's dollar and  ordered take-out.   I was highly disappointed in the service, and I only ordered take out.    Upon going to the bar to announce that I was there for take out, there were 3 other people at the bar.   The bartender had her back to me and it wasn't until a few minutes had passed that another guest told her that she should wait on me.    After announcing the reason for my visit, she checks on my order (not ready yet) and helps other tables.  No offer of water, or a drink.  Another gentleman working the bar asked the bartender if she had offered me a drink, she stated to him my order would be right up.   He then asked if she offered me a water, to which she replied, her order is going to be right up.    He placed a glass of water in front of me.Then I hear my name and order announced by the kitchen staff.   3 staff members yelled. .  ."it's TAKEOUT"  so back it went into the kitchen to be packed up.Gentelman bartender asks female bartender if she has rung me up yet (she had not)After more time had passed (how long does it take to put food into a takeout container?)   it finally is put down in front of me.  She then rings me up.   I don't expect take out to be piping hot, but at this point i wondered if it was even going to be room.When i go to eat my meal, utensils were not included.  I now had to go find something to eat my lukewarm food with. VERY DISAPPOINTING experience.   Will not be returning.
1	Will I come here again?  Yes absolutely for drinks, they knocked the Ketel One extra dirty blue cheese olive martini outta the park.  The ambiance is very nice.  Of the 4 types of reviews I give (awesome, OK, bad where they get slammed and bad where I hope they improve) here I am giving the heartfelt "bad where I hope they improve."  Our waitress was very friendly and did a good job.  I mentioned the gritty redskins of the mashed potato.  We went with appetizers she recommended.  Not good.  Seared ahi tuna: horrible flavors mixed with the rub, the prep, the tuna wasn't cool inside, the chips were not good, there was no soy sauce but there was wasabi.  NOT good.  With heartfelt advice, compare this against Outback's ahi tuna appetizer and it's no contest.  The chef should do so.  (He's a nice guy like me I hope.)  BBQ shrimp: go try Redstone's (Philly) buffalo shrimp appetizer.  It is chilled, very delicious.  This appetizer was recommended and was garbage.  The barbecue sauce was horrible, overwhelmed and left an unsavory aftertaste in both my and my clients' palate.  Gordon Food Service or Sysco BBQ sauce.  A real "must-miss".  Cod entree was OK.  The skillet beans were too firm, too mature, they need petite green beans.  Potato skin had grit in the mashed.  Why 1 star?  The price was close to Capital Grille, but far from the cuisine.  I hope they spruce it up.  The place is nice.
4	Had the blackened fish taco's, the were very good along with a pint of Guinness. Recommended.
4	First off I have to note, their Maine Lobster Bisque is amazing. Definately don't miss out on it. That being said, we had lunch there and the lunch portions are a good value. I had the Cedar Plank salmon. The fish was fantastic, except that the vegetables were a little bland. The atmosphere at the restaurant is quite relaxed, and I don't think I've ever seen it get more than mildly busy in there, so it is a nice place to go to have a quiet meal with someone special.
1	I have always had a great dinner at Mitchell's but something has changed. Went there last night about 5:30, the place was maybe half full. We were seated and when it finally occurred to us that no one had been to the table at all to ask about drinks or even bring water, I started timing.... 14 minutes later we decided to leave. Told the hostess what had happened and got a blank stare.  Sorry but not going back there again.
2	The service was mostly friendly but I was disappointed in my meal. My meal was way over cooked. The soda was flat and the carbonation needed changed and I felt like we inconvenienced our server by asking for new ones.  Overall, I thought it was mediocre and I was expecting more for the prices.
3	The food was really good, but the prices were pretty high and the portions were on the small side. The desserts were the high point of the meal for me. I got the "shark fin" pie and it was really good. The waitress thought I wouldn't be able to finish it... but I showed her. Take that, waitress.
3	I have passed by this place a zillion times and never given it a second look.  I thought it might be a Red Lobster knock off.  Then I asked a friend if they had ever heard of it and they had, and liked it.I was pleasantly surprised by how nice the ambiance was inside.  Very cozy.  Much more upscale than I had thought it would be.  The service was terrific.  Lots of things to choose from on the menu.  A bit pricier than I had imagined.  Most entrees were anywhere from $17 to $30.  But this is Pittsburgh and this is seafood.That said, they started us off with really delicious sour dough bread.  Butter was soft which I like.  Our entrees came pretty quickly.  I had a seafood assortment of blackened talapia, grilled sea scallops and salmon cooked on a plank.  The scallops were just done, I like them cooked a little more.  Everything else was pretty good.My beloved had the crab cakes and really enjoyed them.We'll probably be back, but will order something different.   We liked it.
4	Food was excellent. Went for the Sunday brunch and loved it. I highly recommend the steak and eggs with the zucchini pancakes, really an outstanding dish. Oh, and if you get the carrot cake....one is enough for everyone! It was huge, and it was soooo goood! I don't know how they can make something taste that good and cook it in such large volumes. Really was an excellent experience, my only reason for not giving it a five star review was that there was too much time in between our courses. There was probably a good 40 minutes that passed between our salads and our entrees. That's a little long for me when I'm at a brunch. Usually I don't eat a breakfast if I'm going to something like that, so 40 minutes was too long for me.
2	Food was only ok. Had lobster bisque soup not to good. Had the shang Hai Seafood Sampler. The scallops were hard, over cooked. The samon was good. Shrimp had no flavor. I will say the service was the best. Our waiter was great!!
5	absolutely delicious. wonderful service.
3	We had a bigger party and I think that might have flustered the waitresses just a bit. They forgot about our waters until the food came out, but were super apologetic when they did bring them. The food was ok. I ordered the crab cakes they were a bit heavy on the breading, so I would give them a rating of, "eh". My friend ordered a steak, asked for medium rare, and it came out...well done. He was too hungry to complain and just ate it. We might go back again, and this time maybe take a bit more time looking over the menu.
4	Very very good chain family restaurant. I had their yellowfin tuna steak shanghai style and it was great. Service was excellent and the party of 5 I was with swore they could eat there every week as the menu was extremely diverse. It's hard for me to give a chain 5/5 but this is pretty close.
4	Love this place - they were very accommodating to me, Peanut and Gramma (she goes often).  Solid wine selection and Gramma says they make a good Margarita.  We all enjoyed all of our food as well.  Great view of the Mon too.
5	Beautiful decor. Very genuine staff. Very clean washrooms. Delicious food. I tried the market trio. The blackened tilapia was nice with a little bit of spice. This is a great place for a seafood lover.
4	Amazing valentines dinner and service! Curt was simply a wonderful server and the food was fantastic. Only negative was a few overly salted bites. But as someone who is a salt minimalist. That could purely be my palate only.
4	The tuna was enjoyable and the service was prompt. The house Chardonnay was buttery and was a good compliment to the fish. It was a Tuesday night so the place was busy but not crowded. Since I wasn't "wowed" by the place I won't give it 5 stars but I had no dissatisfaction to speak of. I will be back (if I'm not across the street at the Rock Bottom Brewery).
5	My husband and I went to Mitchell's last summer for our wedding anniversary. We both took a half day at work and we arrived in the early afternoon (after lunch but before the dinner crowd). I can't say enough about this place...we have gone here on a few occasions and I've always been please with everything. Pros: Nice friendly waitress, who took some time to take our picture (since it was our anniversary), food was excellent and not extremely overpriced, restaurant and bathrooms were clean!Cons: None on this visit or any previous visits
4	Love this place so much. The food is always so delicious always leave feeling extremely satisfied. The service is incredibly slow though, takes FOREVER to our meals! Even during lunch time when there's almost no one there.. I don't understand I always end up eating here for at LEAST two-four hours. Fish is always fresh, lobster is delicate and tasty, and surprisingly the steak is amazing as well. Clam chowder is rich and creamy-- perfect thickness! Love their salads as well. Definitely recommend this place for a date night :) pricey? Definitely, be prepared to spend at least $20/person!
5	First I would like to say that I was hesitant coming to another fish place recommended by some temporary coworkers since the last place they sent me to made terribly ill. That being said, I came here and was delighted by my server Michael who was not only friendly but incredibly attentive and very sharp. I originally ordered the Mahi Mahi but alas, the ran out upon my ordering, in which case the manager promptly came to ask me for another upgraded selection at no additional charge. Hence, the tuna. Now the tuna was amazing. Seared almost perfectly, with the rare flavor still intact. I would most definitely come back again and if I lived in the area, this would be one of my top spots.
4	Good quality food here. The clam chowder was excellent and so was the tuna appetizer and the Americana seafood plate loaded with shrimp and scallops in a creamy spinach sauce with small potatoes. I'd go here again if possible.
4	I love Mitchell's Fish Market.  95% of the time, the food is amazing but, when they mess up, they move heaven and earth to make it better.  The last time we were at Mitchell's, I ordered the lobster and tenderloin skewers.  My lobster was underdone.  The server was amazing and replaced the lobster tail even though I had eaten most of it.  Then, to make our night even better, comped us a dessert.  It's that kind of stellar service that keeps us going back.
3	I have eaten some very good dinners here.  Although it's a chain, I would say it's several notches above the other chain restaurants.  The chef here seems to add some creativity to the menu, so I will be definitely back again soon.
4	The patio view is beautiful, and the food is good, too! We ordered the Grill Rainbow trout, Shang Hai Rainbow trout, Crispy Ginger cod & rainbow trout. Everyone is happy about the dish. They have music every Thursday, it is a little bit loud, but the band is really good. Will come again!
4	The lobster rolls were delicious, the blackened fish tacos were light and flaky, not too spicy and had a nice salsa.  The white sangria was very refreshing and not too alcoholic.  The outdoor view of the river was really enjoyable and the service was quick.
4	Mitchell's is located on the river side of the Waterfront and out of the crazy "let's fight to find a parking spot" area.  They do take reservations, but doubtful you need one on a weekday during lunch.  It wasn't busy when I was there on a Tuesday at noon.Mitchell's has a cool layout - large full bar in the middle, private large rooms for large parties, smaller areas for business lunches, full dining room seating with tables and booths, and an excellent outdoor patio where you can watch people ride by on the bike trail.  This is a seafood restaurant with lots of good options for fresh in season fish.  You can choose from a number of different fish to have prepared for salads, sandwiches, or just as they are.  I had the chopped salad and added scallops to it.  Delicious!  The price range is reasonable and you can plan on spending around $15 with your lunch and a soda/iced tea.  For that price, you really can't complain.  I drop almost that much at Panera on a half sandwich and cup of soup with an iced tea.  I'm sure it's much busier for dinner but I find Mitchell's to be an excellent place for a business lunch or just meeting friends.  I've been here for brunch as well and had an excellent Bloody Mary and eggs benedict with crab.
5	My family and I go here whenever there is a special occasion and for good reason. The food is fantastic and the service cannot be beat, at least not when it's coming from the Governor or Kennedy. Best servers in the 'burgh!! I took my Dad there last weekend for his 70th birthday, didn't tell anyone that it was a special night out, but they treated us with such attention, accommodating our needs to a T. Kennedy adjusted meals to fit our taste, suggested things based on what we were looking for, took at least 10 minutes with us going over the menu...I could go on, but needless to say, it was just a fabulous meal and was worth every penny. We got the king crab and bacon wrapped shrimp to start, lobster bisque soup, cedar plank salmon, Chilean sea bass, and a fish medley made to order. We also always get the 7 layer carrot cake, which to me is the best cake anywhere in town.  A must go for anyone looking for an amazing meal and excellent service. But be sure and ask for Kennedy, he's a real dude.
5	Have been here a few times. The wait staff is always top notch and food is very good. I had the steak and lobster tail. Steak was a perfect medium rare and the lobster was also cooked well. Oysters as an app. they appeared fresh and tasted how they should. Overall like in the past we had a great experience at mitchells which is not something I always expect from a chain.
4	I went to this restaurant last week with my husband and my family. The restaurant is located on the Waterfront area. The variety of fish was excellent, including the fresh fish of the day. I ordered the atlantic cod and it was delicious.The waitress' service was really good. I definitely recommend this restaurante.
5	Excellent fresh seafood. Good vegetables. Good service. Best place to eat on Waterfront.
3	Top points. Service. I was there with a large group for a meeting. They gave us a private room and two servers took care of us. They were efficient and very accommodating. Kudos. Appetizers: had the crab dip and calamari. Both were good. Servers brought extra chips with the dip as they were needed. I'm always surprised that more chips are not just added to the original dish at this point. Dip was good. Calamari was done well. Preferred the shrimp cocktail Sauce with it versus the Asian type soy sauce that is served with it. Wedge salad with bleu cheese. Waaaaaay too much cheese and I like bleu cheese. I had the blackened tuna with mashed potatoes and seasonal veggies. Carrots were carrot sticks hardly cooked and dry! Green beans overdone and broccoli had seen better days. Simple green beans would have been more appetizing. Tuna had blackening spices but needed a better sear on it. Was not over cooked. Potatoes as expected. Other dishes seen--fisherman's platter. Looked a little greasy, but that's expected from me in a full fried dish. Would be nice if this was offered broiled as well. Crab cakes and filet looked okay. Overall I'm always underwhelmed and overcharged here. I guess with chain places you get that, but I want more from a place that charges me 25 bucks for sub-seared tuna.
4	A OK!Really loved the bacon wrapped shrimp! So amazing with the sauce on the side. This was probably the the best part of the meal.  I also had blacken salmon with a double order of spinach instead of a starch. The spinach was just steamed without any flavoring... Which is better in the long run,  but I wish they had options for sauteed with garlic. The service was great as well!  We were always taken care of.  Will definitely bring my bf here in the future.
4	This was my first time at this location.  I've frequented the Upper St Clair Galleria restaurant.  There's a lot to like about this Columbus OH based chain.  I don't usually eat at chain restaurants nor will I review them because they're typically big food corporate run places that don't care what they feed you they just care about their stockholders.  This place seems different to me.  The food quality and care seems to be very high.  The staff is always well trained.  I like the decor and ambiance.  The menu offers many options.  I don't really like the fish preparation options very much and the portions can be small in some of the dishes but overall I am a fan.  I do really appreciate being able to buy fresh fish here.  I like to buy the trout and prepare it at home.  We were here for a Thanksgiving meet-up event with 69 other people.  The room was a little small and it ended up being too loud too but the staff really pulled it off overall.  It's a tough thing to do.  It wasn't perfect for sure but the food was surprisingly good and came out hot and fresh.  Nicely done.
3	We went here for Thanksgiving dinner; we had called ahead to check out vegan options, but the person on the other end was a little grumpy about the matter, but there's so little open on that day, there was little choice except to make sure I ate a big lunch earlier.I ordered the Thai salad, which is probably the only vegan item on the menu - really just a coleslaw with a peanut sauce and some funky chips.  I also ordered some grilled vegetables.  Both were good, but not amazing. The beer selection was really bad (I mean, dive bar stuff), however the slightly pricey wine selection redeemed the place, and we had a great red and white.  The service too was pretty good, but I simply can't recommend going here due to the poor selection of vegan items.
4	My husbands first time.  Nice to be able to pick your fish and style of cooking.  I had a trio of Jamaican jerk tilapia,  salmon,  and scallops.  All good but too much sauce on scallops.  Husband had surf n turf special. Snow crab legs tasty but smaller portion than I expected. Glad they had raw oysters,  but no idea where they were from.  For $2.50 each you'd think they'd say.  Waitstaff friendly but inexperienced when it came to wine.  We taught two of them how to open a champagne bottle.  Nice time out,  but two gripes... #1 Used my phones flashlight to see if there was an outlet on the floor.  Felt like an archaeologist finding old remains of dinners gone by.  Crumbs,  napkins wedged between booth and wall,  gum,  dirt.  For the price I would expect a cleaner place. #2 our waiter kept saying Thank you. After every single sentence,  even when it wasn't appropriate.  Silly gripe,  right?  But it was way over the top and felt more like,  Can I have a tip?  Can I have a tip?
4	In the Homestead area of Pittsburgh. Seafood gumbo was very good.Broiled scallops were very good, partner had sea bass stuffed with lobster, also very good. Vegetable sides were not as good as the fish. With two glasses of wine the total was $83. In and out in an hour.I'd go back because the fish was that good
4	Good. One of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. Went yesterday with family and enjoyed oysters(very fresh). I always like appetizers more than their entrees
