3	If you have been to one CPK, you have more or less been to all of them. I went through a stretch when I really liked it here and I still don't mind it, I guess I just don't get excited about it anymore. The BBQ Chicken pizza is my go-to but the Thai variations are tasty, as well. The appetizers are ok, the service is ok, but it all just seems a little played out to me. I am waiting for CPK to make some moves, shake things up, add something interesting to the menu, because I feel like nothing has changed there since 1992. I'll still drop in from time to time, but I won't be as excited about it as I used to be.
3	Completely mediocre and boring actually.  Nothing great, Nothing bad-- just CPK.  It's there if you are hungry.
4	What do you want CPK to do, back flips when you stroll in for lunch?   Mix things up a little, how?  You dont see Applebees or Olive Garden "mixing it up," do you?  No, because its a chain and one is exactly like another, the food is the same, the place is set up the same. This is the nature of the chain restaurant beast, so if you dont like it, still to pricey Old Town or NoSco trendy hotspots.  Nothing wrong with either one, just know what you like and what youre getting yourself into.I'm not quite sure where my rant and thus love for CPK has come from, except that every time I go, I have a good experience.  Food comes out fast (I always have the margerita pizza), service is quick(they know how to handle a large lunch crowd) and overall, everything is consistently good.  So they dont have a circus performing for your lunchtime entertainment.  I dont think they need it.
2	I agree with Jake...Mediocre at best....Boring layout and unkempt when busy....Busy frequently!Finding a seating area off the main path is a plus!  The main path feels and looks like an over sized hallway...Beware!  I have been to other CPK's and this one is layed out poorly compared to others I've been to (San Luis Obispo in California, San Francisco in the Business District, and one in Scottsdale close to Bell and Scottsdale Blvd.---Very nice!)At this particular location, service was a disaster this past Wednesday evening after work 02-13-08.  ----The two dishes ordered were: Tomato Basil Spaghettini with goat's cheese, and the second dish was Fettuccine with Garlic Cream Sauce with Chicken.Both dishes came out at the same time---The Tomato Basil Spaghettini was warmish, at best...The Garlic with Cream Sauce with Chicken had no Chicken! ---(had to be returned to the kitchen) .  I asked the waiter to please return mine to a hot oven or lamp so that I could begin at the same time as my guest...  All this time the waiter acted as if he were doing us a favor, as if we were disturbing him from sorting his receipts from his other poorly served customers!When the food finally arrived, my dish was even colder, just mildly warm!#!$#!  I recommend that if you are out to impress a guest in any capacity, this is not that place to take them...Go next door to the Cheesecake Factory!  I'm not sure about the service, but the whole layout at least,  looks inviting and clean.
3	CPK. Creative. Pizzas. Kinda.When I think of the early 90s. I think of CPK. Of course I also think of Joey Lawrence on Blossom. But who doesn't, really? And new Coke. And we all know how that worked out. But CPK was innovative at the time. California cooking was all the rage thanks to Mr. Puck. The BBQ Chicken Pizza won over droves of pizza fans. Quickly, the Thai pizza caught on and CPK became quickly initialized in American culture like KFC, PTA and FYI. This location serves up the fare like all the others. Not much panache but dependable. Much like the Chevrolet Malibu. Could they use a bit of a makeover? Sure. But the Price Is Right set got one and no one's loving that. So why bother.
2	Just not a fanI went last week, they had some new menu itemsI got the buffalo chicken pizzaEhI'd rather go to Piezanos, or NYPD.  Although, I have so many friends who LOVE this place.  I just don't get it.
3	CPK is OK. I do like their Original BBQ Chopped Chicken Salad.  I ordered a "half" portion and it was perfect because I had room for the tasty desserts. Seriously, you've got to try the Red Velvet Cake and the Tiramisu if you go there. I was in a sugar coma for a few hours after eating it but that's fine. It was worth it.
3	Maybe I'm being generous, but CPK is an okay place for unique pizza. I've always enjoyed their Santa Fe pizza, but this time I thought I'd try their Greek pizza. It was o-k. Nothing special. Too many veggies, without enough meat, cheese and Tzatziki sauce to counter-balance it. What really bothered me was that they sat my sister and me right behind the kitchen. I don't think they should even have a table right there. I saw everything that was going on in there. Plus, I kept hearing the servers complaining to their boss about shit. One girl was saying something about another server "not liking her." I felt like I was in a high school cafeteria. And, to top it off, it was FREEZING in there. It is never a good idea to have it soooo cold, that your patrons want to get the hell out of there to warm up!But, besides my few complaints, it is a fine establishment, although it could definitely improve. I'm sure I'll go back again. But, maybe the next time,I'll stick with my old stand by -- the Santa Fe.
1	While this CPK is largely like the others, it does have one thing to distinguish it: really terrible service. I was here for lunch the other day and noticed they have lunch specials where you get a soup or salad and one of a selected number of small pizzas. I ordered one but asked if I could substitute the soup offered for another kind of soup that was on the menu. I told the waitress that I had noted that the soup I wished to substitute cost $0.50 more and that I would gladly pay the additional charge.She said she could not do that. No substitutions.So, I asked "why?" esp. as I was willing to pay the difference.Her reply (it's a classic): I might tell other people.Huh? What? I might tell other people I got what I wanted? That CPK allowed substitutions? That they, too, could get what they want at CPK?And does she really think I have long ranging discussions about my lunch soup choices?I tried to argue my point, but, quickly, realized that there is no arguing with that sort of unassailable logic.Yep, I might tell other people.
3	Much better than the frozen variety.  Sort of better than the quick serve shop in the Fashion Mall in Vegas- from what I remember.  This place was just as I was expecting: way crowded at lunch time, over-priced pizza and drinks, and so-so service.The pizza I had with wheat crust that included eggplant, roasted red peppers, and goat cheese was pretty tasty.  I guess if you consider that I had a second meal out of the pizza, the price wasn't too bad.
5	I love CPK and Im not afraid to admit it. Favorite dish is the chopped salad..its tossed in dressing when it gets to you..and the perfect amount as it should be! None of this dressing on the side crap which I hate. They never give you enough and its impossible to mix it evenly.UGH.. pet peeve. Anyway, back to CPK..great variety of pizzas if you're into foo foo pizzas like Ham & swiss, scampi, BLT, etc.. Ive never been disappointed.
4	Look, I realize it's not cool to admit you like CPK. I'm OK with that, because they have one of the most crave-worthy salads ever: the tricolore salad, composed of spring mix and arugula with a light vinaigrette, huge pieces of shaved Parmesan, and chunks of tomato, all served on a warm Parmesan-encrusted pizza crust. I think the whole thing really defeats the purpose of a salad, but the hell with it. Finish off the gluttony with their flourless chocolate cake, served warm with vanilla bean goo on top. OMG heaven.
2	This review is not for the food, it's for the service.  I have not had a chance to review until now.  It was about 2 months ago on a Friday evening.  It had been a long week and my daughter and I wanted to grab a bit to eat and then browse the Borders next door.  I knew there would probably be a wait since it was Friday night.  We walked in and there we some other parties seated waiting.  I went up to the hostess and gave her my name.  I asked where the restrooms were and told her we were going to use them and we would be right back.  She said "that's fine" .  There was another party of 3 ahead of us, a mom and two children, that had been seated there when we walked in.  They came in the restroom too and we all came back out at the same time and sat down to wait.  They were seated about 5 minutes afterward.  I watched the hostess as she folded napkins and did other things at her station.  Another couple walked in and they were seated immediatly.  Then another mom and child walked in and were seated.  When the hostess came back I told her we had been waiting ang gave her my name again....this was at least 15 mins later.......and she said "I called your name" very rudely.  I told her we had been in the restroom (for not more than 5 mins) and she said "oh well".  And then she said well, I guess I can seat you now.  This girl was maybe 18 or 19, tall, thin, pretty, but certainly did not have the brains god gave her!  She was rude and clearly did NOT pay attention to her job.  She was too busy trying to look pretty.  The rest of the experience was fine.  Our server was pleasant and fast. However, on the basis of that hostess.....stay away!  Management needs to keep a close eye on these kids.  They could take a lesson from the manager at Grimaldi's in Chandler.....that manager knows how to keep her staff in check and on the ball!I won't be going back to this particular CPK.
3	Over the decades, CPK has "progressed" from unique hotspots where adults enjoyed exotic fare, to a depressingly familiar family chain, overrun with strollers and a high schoolish sense of service. Times change. Competitors emerge. I remember being in Vegas in the late 80's, at Caesar's or Mirage - I forget.  CPK had a sleek space inside the casino, and I had a tandoori chicken pie with mango chutney, and almost cried at how good and unusual it was at the time.  Today you can go down the street and get flashier pizza, waitstaff and vibe at The Parlor - for comparable dough.   The other problem at the Biltmore location, as everyone and their aunt has mentioned, is the service. The kids are pleasant but dont seem to understand (or care) that we can see most of their crudities thx to the open floor plan. On a recent visit, I witnessed a server eat, another drink, another chew gum, and three more go to their mouth inappropriately.  This crew touches itself more than Lady Gaga. It's pizza time!!!The hombres by the ovens do a good job, executing recipes from the 90210 home office. Ingredients arent always first rate, but they work hard crafting what they have. The food and presentation is still the best thing about CPK. Now if they could just dispatch that coughing brat from my eardrum, and get staff to try that newfangled hand sanitizer...
3	Neither great, nor bad I think that is how all chains get 3 stars. Their menu is craftily made by a test kitchen making sure not to offend any pallet. In the process they don't  seduce anyone mouth either.I frequently had lunches delivered from here to meetings, and I also dined in the restaurant too. For delivery I quickly learned to stay away from anything with a dough component, from egg rolls to pizza it was always Luke warm and soggy by time I sunk my teeth in to it.One of my preferred dishes for both delivery and in store dining is the Thai Linginni. It is a basic Italian linguine covered in a garlicky, peanut sauce, there are is some bean sprouts and carrots in the mix. However I do have to add a large amount of red pepper to this dish to have adequate flavor for me.  This is also one of the cheaper items on the menu.I have also tried the salmon when I was trying to be healthy, however it was clear that their blacking process involved a good amount of butter.As for the pizzas there is a eclectic mix of pizzas topped with items not traditionally seen on pizza, at least until the California pizza scene had effected out world.  I opt for the mushroom pizza. It is a sourceless style pizza with a "mushroom pesto" that is quite earthy and greasy. Included with a meal is bread and butter, the Italian bread here is fairly good with firm crust and airy body.
4	Ok, I'm reviewing another chain.  But with two kids in tow who argue over almost everything, this was the easiest choice.  I sat in the back, by the restrooms because they need to go 6 times every meal.  Our server, Billy, was attentive and totally on task, thank you!!!  The kids meals are good and affordable and the Field Green salad and asparagus soup were great.
1	Are you serious!!! Stop putting sugar in the gravy!!!! Cali can't do pizza!!!! Nasty!!
4	I had a nice lunch here today. Despite arriving at 12:30 - smack in the middle of the usual lunch rush hour - there was no waiting. The waitress was friendly, and the pizza was pretty good (I went with the classic pepperoni). I haven't been to one of these for well over a decade, but I doubt it'll take me that long to return.
4	The food at this CPK is pretty good.  I guess you could say that for any of the CPKs, but they always do a nice job at this location and are very accommodating of any special requests.  I realize for the relatively low price you pay, you're not getting top-of-the-line cuisine, but it's a great for what it's intended.The one negative thing I'd say is skip the wine list.  As you can imagine at a strip-center type chain restaurant, it's not exciting, although the staff actually seem to have a good idea of wine pairing in general for those who are new to wine.  I don't drink beer but have been told by fellow guests the beer selection is decent.The service at this CPK is pretty good.  There are actually a few servers there that always remember me, even down to what I like to eat, even when it's been six months since I've last been in.  It's very impressive that they remember me and the staff in general (save the host staff when it's busy) is very pleasant.
2	Not my "cup of tea" -- too Yuppie for me!  Atmosphere way too "sanitized", and servers have little or no personality.  The food is fair but not worth the price IMHO!  What ever happened to pasta or pizza with RED sauce?  Seems they have every color and concoction known to man except red (well maybe one or two)- being of Italian descent I need red!!  I ordered from  the "Small Bits Menu" because I wanted a light lunch - believe me - it definitely was "Small Bits",  good thing they gave out bread because I needed a second helping of that just to let me know that I ate something!  My suggestion is to order from the dinner menu if you want a full meal - of course most folks are much more sophisticated than this old country boy and can figure out what most of the fancy California stuff is on the menu - sorry!
5	Along with the standard CPK menu that I love, this place had the best staff I have ever encountered at a CPK. Well done!
3	A bit pricey for what it is. A bit more smoke and mirrors than actual quality. It is not a bad place. Food is good, but there are much better places close by that are a bit better. If you need some pizza pretty quick and your and in the biltmore area, and you want a classy joing, then this is the place...have fun
4	I have been here on and off for years.  I am always a fan of the sician pizza.  YUM!  Love the thin crust.  The service is always good.
3	CPK is fun.  The parking is a challenge unless you want to walk a bit or wait a bit. I like the pizzas and the service is always good.
4	had chicken piccata, by delivery from the restr to my office at the Esplanade (more or less accross the street) It was received prior to the estimated arrival time (early is better than late) food was still hot-ish and tasted delicious.  I was especially impressed that I got 3 breasts- more than I expected.  Typically places overserve pasta since it's cheaper than the chicken.  I felt like I received a good value, especially since I ordered of the dinner menu so I spent $15 which is more than I typically spend for lunch.
5	This is a good place, It has been here for about 20 years now. Of course over the years we have gone here many times. It is always nice. I stopped in for a to go order on this occasion.  I called from the parking lot at work and then by the time i got there it was almost ready to go.  It is always very good and it smelled wonderful when i arrived. It can be a bit expensive but, it is good food. The salads are wonderful!  Plenty of Parking it is at the Biltmore.
5	Came here on quite a busy night. We were seated fairly fast and had very nice service.    We got a peach and chicken salad and a pizza. Not the thin crust the thick one. Mushrooms are always good here. We had extra mushrooms on the Pizza. Lots of parking resonable price.
4	I dont' think I've every had a bad experience at CPK.  My favorite is the Barbeque Chicken Salad.  There are alot of restaurants that try to duplicate this recipe but can never achieve it.  Along from that, the Margarita Pizza is also delicious.  There are too many to choose from!
1	Don't waste your time: Try Cibo, Pizzeria Bianco, Hannys, Z Pizza or even Oreganos. All gourmet pizza with local fare and local products and I've never had an experience like:I had lunch CPK this afternoon and had a less than desirable experience and I wanted to share it with you. Long-story-short, we ordered the Thai Chicken Pizza without cilantro. The pizza arrived with cilantro. I had one bite after my partner had one piece. After the bite, I notified the server that there was cilantro. He was very accommodating, said that he requested it without cilantro and then hastily rectified the situation by ordering a different pizza. While we were awaiting the second pizza, the manager arrived at our table to address the situation. He did not offer his name, but immediately apologized for the inconvenience which we appreciated. He, however, continued with informing us that there was no cilantro on the pizza. Then asked us, "Did you not want scallions on there, because it was scallions on the pizza, not cilantro." I informed him that I tasted and saw cilantro, which I had pointed out to the server. He replied with, "No, they did not put any cilantro on the pizza!" To which I replied, "Well I don't know...I didn't put cilantro on the pizza." To which he replied, "Well, the new pizza will be here shortly," as he walked away.I have a few serious issues with this managerial approach. First, it is unprofessional to insinuate that any guest is lying. Second, I find it insulting that he would go on to insinuate that we don't know the difference between scallions and an herb we specifically requested be omitted. Finally, I believe arguing with the guest should be strictly avoided. Man, what a twat!
2	I am not really a fan of CPK but I went here with a colleague as it was close by where we were working. I figured I would just go with a basic pizza (thin crust) and was less than impressed. For thin crust it was pretty soggy and for me that is a deal breaker. Service was good and friendly but the pizza sub-par IMO. Maybe the other items are better, but I thought I was safe going with a plain pie.
2	Rodney the waiter messes up the orders ALL of the time.Every food I have tried at CPK has been nothing but yummy, but this waiter really ruins the dining experience. I give the food 5 stars, but I give my experience at this place 2 stars, all because this particular waiter screws up our orders consistently.One time, we ask for the bread..the bread never comes out, just our meals. another time, I ask for extra sauce on the side of my salad, never came outanother time, I asked for no peanuts in my salad - it was filled with peanutsthis last time was the topper -  ordered an appetizer, and it never arrived. I also asked for no tortilla strips in my soup - it comes out loaded with tortilla strips. And when we got our bill at the end of lunch, we told him that our appetizer never came out because we wanted to make sure we didn't get charged for it, and he pulled out the order he had written and confirmed that it wasn't even written down!it's the same guy EVERY time - I don't know how this guy still works there and why I keep being the unfortunate one always falling into his area, but I am not dining at this location anymore - much too stressful
2	Waiter was friendly, however, that did not make up for the quality of food.  First time in a CPK, was not thoroughly impressed with the food.  Was there with a group of approx. 8 folks, so we got to try a couple of different items.The food wasn't horrible, just wasn't worth the money spent.  I would rate this place closer to 2.5 stars, just wasn't what I was expecting or looking for.Would probably pass the next time someone suggests California Pizza Kitchen.The apple crisp was pretty good though, so I might go back for that. ;)
2	Why does this place still exist?Back when Sizzler went out of business sometime in the mid-90's one marketing expert explained the reasons behind it like this: "There was no longer any question people were asking to which the answer was 'Sizzler'".  Soon after it lost relevance--and went through at least one bankruptcy-- the chain disappeared.CPK is a nicely-decorated facility at a great location, but besides being the only pizzeria in the Biltmore Fashion Park proper, there is very little reason to visit here. It's not the answer to any current question.The pizza is never better than so-so. The toppings are never really that fresh. The salads are an uninspired-though-nicely-arranged pile of iceberg and other ingredients that wouldn't seem extraordinary at Applebee's. In fact, i think Applebee's does salad better. The service tends to be a bit slow. The drinks are pricey.For all this indifferent straight-from-Sysco quality, you pay a premium price.It's probably been 10 years since this place has had any cachet that might justify the higher prices. Maybe longer. I think they might be hurting since the departure of Planet Hollywood, which itself brought a study stream of cornpone slackjaws impressed by a name--though not enough to keep it in business.If you're looking for Pizza in this part of the Camelback Corridor, hold out and go to the Parlor at 19th St.
5	Very good California Pizza Kitchen location, one of the best I've been to. If you're a beer drinker, ask about any specials on tap. This is one of the largest CPK locations I've been to as long as the patio is open. I'd say stick with the pizza rather than the pasta, also the pizza is far better with the honey wheat crust. There is usually a mushroom pizza which is the best choice.
4	Great Sald
3	Uhu...it just doesnt stand out
5	Just had an awesome dinner at CPK. We eat at CPK all the time in Boston. But our experience was phenomenal thanks to our waiter, Dillon. We had a large party with 5 kids and he made the dinner a total breeze. Ask for Dillon. The best!
4	because of work and school I did not get chance to go since last year.today I went to macy's exchange something and passed by Californian pizza kitching.as usual the avocado club egg is the best.I did take out serivce was great the girl who doing register is very nice.over all good food and good customer  service,I love it,hopefully they open up one in Glendale,cuz I live in Glenden bell rd its far.if they open one close to me i would go there often.
3	I've never been a fan of CPK after trying their pizza a couple times.  While the food was much better this time around, it's just not my thing.  We had what they are calling their Mini Plates (AKA, they bring it out to you faster):  a guacamole corn dip, a wedge salad, and an arugula/asparagus salad.  Those were pretty good actually!  For dinner, my friend and I shared a plate of their 5 (or maybe it was 4) cheese ravioli with the added sauteed mushrooms.  It wasn't bad!  A bit strong on the sage side, but not bad at all.  Although...it came out within about 8 minutes of us ordering it...so really CPK isn't exactly gourmet since it isn't made from scratch.  It's not a place I'd pick out of so many other fantastic places in the valley, but my friend had a gift certificate and we enjoyed our plates of food plenty!
3	How could you do away with your Szechuan Slaw CPK? There are some things in life that you just don't mess with. That is just wrong. All the food we ordered tonight was average. Not great not bad. We got the Arugula Salad from the side plate's special menu and the 4 cheese Ravioli entree to share. Everything was okay. We also got this Corn, Guacamale Dip with chips that actually was pretty good. Nothing to write home about in the great dept but nothing to complain about either. Welllllllll,  except that they did away with the Szechuan Slaw. Did I mention they did away with their Szechuan Slaw? Sigh, oh well. I wont be back. I only go there to get me some of that.
5	I'm a big fan of California Pizza Kitchen. They have many great menu options--just don't be on a low-carb diet. Their pizzas, salads, and sandwiches are all good from my previous experiences. As for this location in particular, expect a bit of a wait Friday-Sunday as this is a popular and centrally located location. I've found the service here to be good, but not always consistent. I frequent this restaurant a lot and while the service is always acceptable and almost always excellent there have been a couple isolated incidences where I feel the service could be a little better.
5	We had to stop by the Apple store to replace my phone so we decided to head to CPK for lunch. It's been quite sometime since my boyfriend and I both had been to one so it sounded like a good idea.We got seated right away as it was just lunch time on a Sunday and it wasn't to busy. We were instantly helped and our server took our drink orders. He also asked if we wanted bread and oli which we declined (as we knew we'd be eating enough carbs). He promptly brought us our drinks and what I loved about it I ordered a flavored ice tea to which he suggested me trying before adding any sweetener in it as they use syrup to make the flavors. It was perfect as is. My boyfriend ordered a pepperoni pizza and the waiter wanted to make sure he was okay with the oregano and spicy pepperoni they now use (which he was), I had the chicken tequila fettuccine w/extra cilantro. As he was putting in the order he turned to just confirm I wanted extra cilantro which I did. The manager brought our food over in less than 10 minutes and it was perfect! About 1/4 of the way down on my ice tea our server brought me another one. The server asked if we wanted any desert which we were stuffed anyways. My boyfriend and I both said this was one of the best service we had received from any restaurant in a long time. As we left my boyfriend mad a point to tell the manager how great the service was.
1	I can't actually rate the food because we left before it got that far. Drinks and service were horriable - not to mention the fact that it was like 100 degrees in there. Ohh and they  seem to have worked very hard in the design to  fit the absolute max amount of people per square foot with zero regard for comfort. There are tables jammed into every possible space.
1	I used their catering services for a corporate training we were holding in our office. It was supposed to be delivered at noon. At 11:55, I received a call letting me know they were running a "few minutes" behind. Fast forward 35 minutes later, I am sitting on hold with them for 10 minutes trying to find out where our food is. The gal on the phone was rude and acted like I was out of line by asking where it might be.I guess I just assumed a chain as large as CPK would have their act together when it comes to these things. Instead they didn't offer an apology or ANYTHING. We definitely won't be using them for corporate catering again, or anything else for that matter.
5	Our server Dylan was phenomenal! He made my daughter feel incredibly special and made our lunch date amazing!!!
5	We decided to come to California Pizza with some friends.  There pizza is pretty good for being a chain restaurant.  Our waitress was really sweet and hope us with pick out a pizza from their menu.  We decided to get the Meat Cravers. We even had dessert, that normally does not happen,  but since there was four of us,  we split the new s'more dessert.  The s'mores desert was not all that great,  it was to salty and tasted like it came from a instant pudding box.
1	TERRIBLE!!!!   The new "hand-tossed" christ sucks!!!!  We will never order pizza from here again!  The mac and cheese was good though
5	One of our favorite pizza places. Cater to our wheat crust fascination and my son loves there pineapple BBQ chicken pizza. Little hard to find close parking on a Friday night but the desert was well worth the walk. The service is always nothing less then stellar.
5	Amazing!!! I love the Margherita is the greatest thing since sliced bread!! I come here when I can, it's expensive but so worth it!
5	Went here yesterday and I have nothing negative to say about it. Staff was friendly. Service was fast. Food was delicious. I love their pizza crust. Its chewy and perfect. They have so many up sells with small plates and stuff, but just stick with a pizza and salad to share.
5	Great! My wife and I went here tonight , and brought our 7 month old. We waited for a table so that we could have a highchair with us, and the two hostesses and the manager were really attentive and helpful. Ordering food is always tough for us because of food allergies our nursing daughter has, so my wife can't eat a lot of stuff. Our server and the manager were amazing! The manager brought us a menu that shows every single ingredient in ever dish. So cool!  By far some of the best service we've ever had.
5	I am in love and it's with a restaurant. I came here after a difficult week to treat myself to a fancy lunch. I ordered the soup and sandwich combo-on the weekend you can't get the deal price though FYI. It was of course delicious. If it's your first time here try the pizza though, BBQ chicken is my favorite.They have a nice wine selection, I really likes the house chard. You can order a regular or large sized glass. I say at the bar and talked to the bar tender who was super sweet and didn't make me feel like a big loser for sitting alone.This is a great location for a wonderful restaurant, I will go again for sure!
5	I was actually surprised with how good the service and Chinese chicken salad was at lunch. Far better than the CPKs back home in SoCal. Way to go Phx AZ !
1	The food is delicious here, but the experience always varies. Whenever I get a good waitress, the experience is excellent along with the food. The problem is that having a good waitress isn't something I can count on. The most recent experience I had was with a waitress named Courtney. She was very direct and wasn't pleasant at all. I ordered a soup with the edges of the bowl near the soup being dirty. I gave the soup back and she didn't apologize. Then she returns with a a new soup but in a much smaller bowl (it was still a little dirty). It was disappointing. The rest of my lunch was very uncomfortable and unenjoyable afterwards. I'm tired of coming here and having bad experiences like this. I will not be coming anymore because I can easily go to other restaurants and get the full package of excellent service and great food ALL the time. This service is too inconsistent. California Pizza Kitchen really needs to reconsider who they hire for these jobs because it degrades the experience and enjoyment of a well-known restaurant that should be held to high standards.
5	Great food. Restaurant is undergoing renovation - but don't let that stop you from going there.
5	This is a great CPK!! It has recently been fully renovated and feels much more upscale than the CPKs I've been to in the past. The food was really delicious. We are not huge pizza eaters so we shared a flatbread app a big salad that was absolutely delicious and the chimichurri (sp?) chicken, which was also really amazing!! I highly recommend it. The staff was wonderful and friendly!
1	The food was great, although my only complaint against this location is our server named Courtney was extremely rude and only showed any friendliness towards my friend and I because the manager was in the building. First time at a California Pizza Kitchen but the worst service I've had in my life from a waiter/waitress.
