4	Stopped by the Noodle house while at the Golden Nugget. For the downtown Las Vegas Area, I was very impressed!Waiters were very helpful and accommodating, answered many quested and also had some fine suggestions.  The food came out fairly quick, and the drinks were fast!Had a decent selection of Sake and Beers, and I wouldn't say you should do there sushi tho.  Not much for choices!All-around, a great spot to check out!
3	Red and Black are my favorite colors, so I was completely drawn to the decor of this place when I stayed at the Nugget last time. I made reservations with the front desk, but its never really crowded so Im not sure you HAVE to do that. The space is small, and the tables are pretty cozy but surprisingly private. The decor is beautiful and dark. The service was great, but the food was really kinda lame. I wasn't impressed. It was kind of pricey, as are most in-hotel up scale wanna be restaurants, I didn't think it was worth the effort or money. I could have put that 100 bucks into the lobster slot machine!!
3	We just returned from a few days at the Golden Nugget and ate here multiple times.  We loved the food and the service.  We absolutely hated the incredibly annoying music that blared obnoxious synthesized drums at us.  Had we not loved everything else, we would not have returned.  The waiters and floor manager said lots of people complain about the music but they're unable to correct it because the owner has a concept.  The concept must be to torture the diners while they're eating.
5	Now Lillie's Asian Cuisine...A fusion of traditional Cantonese, Szechwan and Pan-Asian flair, plus the excitement of Teppanyaki tables. Every time I am in Vegas I simply must eat here! My favorite dish is the Honey Chicken.
4	Kind of pricey, but the food is fudging great! For teppan-def. upgrade and get the king's dish for $50. Hmmmm, Lobster.
4	I have had both table service and teppan here and been happy both times.  Table service included noodle dishes, classic (Americanized) Chinese like Orange Chicken and Sushi/Sashimi.  Teppan was normal, but well priced.  My buddy had steak, scallop and lobster for $49.  The only downside was the vast amount of food in the $20 pupu appetizer and the fact that they only had small sized beers.
5	Its now called lillies asian house and it was great.  we sat at the teppanyaki tables and it was standard meal service.  we got an order of spicy tuna rolls as an appetizer.  they were really tasty.  you get the salad, the rice, the vegetables, and your meat.  i went with the new york strip and my wife had the chicken.  i actually enjoyed the chicken more than my steak.  both were good and i was real happy with my meal.  it was beyond filling, lots of food.  service was exceptional, and it was a really nice meal out.  this was my first meal downtown and i would definitely return again to eat here again.  i would highly recommend it if you are downtown and looking for a nice reasonably priced meal.
5	I really wanted those wonton chip things.... but the waiter said the cooks are pretty strict on those they're only served with a few dishes so they don't offer them by themselves.... so what did he do?!?!HE TOLD THE COOKS THAT I WAS PREGNANT AND CRAVING THEM...SO THAT I COULD HAVE THEM!!! possibly the BEST waiter EVER!!!and aside from that one point that made my night....the FOOD! omg the food! I ordered the teriyaki salmon... I still think about about that dinner every day. I mean salmon is one of those foods that could be easily messed up... and this was cooked to PERFECTION. best salmon i've eaten in my entire life, hands down. Huge portions too! The salmon was a huuuge piece, a gigantic amount of rice, and delicious string beans that had all these fabulous spices on them.I wish I lived in Vegas so I could go to this place all the time.
3	Meh. The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. The sushi was pretty derivative and uninteresting. Prices weren't bad, so go here if you want a straight forward meal with a good atmosphere without emptying your bank account.
4	My fiance and I ate dinner here last night. We saw a deal on Travelzoo for this place and decided to give it a try. The food was great and the service was really good also. We both had the Emperor's Feast and has Shrimp, Chicken, and Tenderloin. It all tasted really good but our favorite was the tenderloin. It was the most tender meat I've ever eaten. Along with the meat you also get soup, salad and veggies. Our meal was served to us at one of their teppanyaki  tables where they cook in front of you. The chef was very entertaining. Overall I'm glad we found this place and I wouldn't mind paying full price for this place. I will definitely be back!
5	soooo soooo yummy!!!! MUCH MUCH better quality than.....BENIHANA...yep that's right I said it BETTER THAN BENIHANA! a little cheaper too ;)I always have the hibatchi shrimp and scallops which is always TDF!  My boyfriend gets the fillet,chicken and shrimp....always great!!!!! LOVE this place! Also lots of fun to load up on drinks at the slot machines and then go for dinner!
2	We were wandering Fremont Street with some out of town guests and decided on Firefly at the Plaza, only to find out it was closed. Yelp helped is find this alternative.There are 2 distinct parts to this restaurant, the teppanyaki side and the restaurant side.  They really should warn you that if you want teppanyaki, you need to sit at the bar area.  And if you want to be able to hear the person next to you, you should sit as far away from the teppanyaki bar as you possibly can.  While I can appreciate coming and having a great time, the group at the teppanyaki bar was so loud and obnoxious, we couldn't even carry on a conversation with one another.The food was okay, but for someone who has never been to china and is looking to try something new, the wait staff could not describe the food or how it was prepared (as bad as it sounds, it may have just been a language barrier. The wait staff was authentic and Asian, but we had some difficulty understanding what they were saying).  I ordered the Hong Kong Chow Mein.  In my personal taste, if this is what food tastes like in China, I don't ever want to go there.  The thick sauce was extremely salty, without much other flavor. It did have large pieces of white meat chicken and pork, which would have tasted great if the sauce wasn't so bad.The price was average, but the food was below average. I am definitely willing to return and try the teppanyaki bar, as the energy and food produced on that side of the restaurant was definitely better than what I received.
3	I'll be honest -  it was just ok.  The service was great - very accommodating staff but when it came to the food, I could have been eating anywhere.  Certainly nothing to write home about.
3	Um, to be honest I was pretty buzzed when I ate here.  I think the food was good.  I think it kinda took a long time to get the food though.  Cute atmosphere and they did have the option to sit at those beni-hana style group tables where they cook the food in front of you.
1	WHAT. A. JOKE!!!Congratulations Lillie's, you are the proud receiver of my first-ever one-star review.On our way up to the room after hanging out by the pool all day, we made reservations for dinner at 7:30pm on a Saturday night. The lady explained that the only reservations they took were for the hibachi/tepan grills and not the dining room, which was find because we wanted the grills anyway. My brother asked, "So can we get a reservation?" To which the lady replies, "Dining room or hibachi?" Hello!!! What did you just say?!?! Idiot.We catch a quick nap and shower before heading back for dinner. W arrive at 7:34pm. I tell the lady (different lady this time) my name and our reservation time. She then proceeds to tell me that she'd given our reservation away because they only hold reservations for five minutes. I pull out my cell phone and it says 7:35pm. I tell her this and she goes through her spiel again. I ask why they would give away a reservation after waiting a mere five minutes and she claims it's policy (it's bullshit is what it is, you should be ashamed). I then ask if we can get a seat at one of the remaining tables since there was an open spot and no one waiting. She says no and mumbles something about the dining room. I ask, "Excuse me?" and she tells me that there's nothing she can do. I then ask her, "Nothing you can do or will do?" As she stands there, stunned and searching for a reply, my friend walks up and lays into her. The lady says, "Well I called your room like five times and no one picked up." My friend replies, "Either you called as we left the room to come down to dinner or you didn't call at all. Which room were you calling?" She rattles off "1011", to which my friend replies, "You were calling the wrong room. We're 10111, the hotel doesn't have a 1011." If you work in a hotel, shouldn't you have a vague knowledge of the room numbers? My friend is now fed up, "Fine. We're going some place else. Thank for nothing." Not a reply from the lady.This place is ridiculous! First you give away a reservation after five measly minutes of waiting for us and then you won't do a damn thing to remedy the situation? No apology at all? I've never been so appalled by customer service in my life. Never have I been treated so poorly. Never has a restaurant had such disregard for its customers or any form of customer service.
3	Overpriced Chinese food that you could honestly get better quality stuff at your average takeout. I'm kind of confused why they think since its in Golden Nugget they can charge the prices. Whatever- never again!
4	I had the pleasure of experiencing dining at Lillie's. My wife and I arrived for our reservation AT 5:30PM. We were seated at our teppanyaki table and promptly greeted by our wait person. He was at our side from the time we arrived to the time we departed. What wonderful service.The dinner started with a bowl of hot mushroom soup. It was savory and had enough mushrooms to give it a wonderful texture. The next course was a simple salad with a very tasty ginger dressing. My wife said she would go back just to have the salad and dressing. Then the show began.Our teppanyaki chef came to prepare our spectacular meal. My wife and I had a combination of Shrimp, Chicken, New York Strip Steak, and Fillet Mignon. Along with the main dishes came three delicious sauces as well as fresh grilled vegetables and steamed white rice. One sauce was a spicy mustard that went with the steak and chicken. Then was a seafood sauce and a spicy sauce that went with the red meat. All three sauces really awakened the taste buds. I really enjoyed the combination of the chicken and the spicy mustard sauce. What a taste treat. The taste was similar to Dijon mustard, but it did not assault the sinuses. My wife thought the combination of spicy sauce and white rice was enjoyable. Everything was prepared just as we asked for and the meats were oh so tender.Our chef was a real joy. His jokes were very funny. His teppanyaki skills were well mastered. From the onion volcano to the flare in his knife skills my wife and I enjoyed the show. We have been to many teppanyaki restaurants through the years, but this has to be the best we have even been to.The only reason my review does not get five stars is because of the price. The pricing is a bit high. Luckily we had a coupon when we went.
4	Awesome food and service. The stir fry is AWESOME
1	I very rarely give a solo star review.  I'll keep it brief.  The food was overpriced and the quality was so sub-par that we deeply regretted the fact that we were hungry and it was late.  If we had not been starving after a day of travel we would have vacated immediately.  Both entrees had so much msg dumped on them that they were GRITTY!  I've actually never had Chinese food so bad.  Desperation and hunger drove us to force down about half of each dish- with large quantities of water.   Truly terrible.  In their defense, last year while attending the same conference I ate at the hibachi tables at Lillies and it was mediocre.
4	Great dinner/good service! The reason for the 4 star instead of 5 is the BBQ ribs were a bit on the cold side and the pricing is  way more than it should be.
4	Delicious. Cool milieu. Super nice staff. Yes expensive but everything in Vegas is expensive.
3	Enjoyed Singaporean noodles and Dragon roll. The mint leaf chicken lettuce wrap was meh... Service was ok, nice dark atmosphere, teppanyaki tables on the side.
5	I don't know why I was surprised!  I had long enjoyed Lillie Langtry's decades ago, and Lillie's Noodle House after then.  So, it is fitting that Lillie's Asian Cuisine,  the third incarnation of this Asian mainstay inside the Golden Nugget Hotel & Casino, is also excellent at satisfying diners with high quality and excellent tasting Chinese Cantonese cuisine.  Diane and I honored our late dinner reservation here right after savoring the many edible treats offered at Yelp's Night of the Living Neon on Fremont Street during Spring Break.  Thus, we were hardly hungry when we arrived at the restaurant.  So, we ordered less than we normally would, but made the dishes count.We started with one order of Wor Wonton Soup, which came in two rather large and densely filled bowls.  Floating in the hot and excellent tasting broth were bamboo shoots, Bok Choy, medium-sized shrimp, mushrooms, Green Onion, carrots, Snow Peas, juicy filled wontons, and very good slices of pork that were neither tough nor bordered by fat.  Cantonese Beef was composed of tender slices of beef stir-fried with peppers and onions in a tasty light Brown Sauce.  And, Diane also enjoyed her Honey Glazed Shrimp.Hot Jasmine Tea was very good with an assist from Sweet & Low, but otherwise not very flavorful.  We experienced fine service, and both of us liked the driving jazz music that accompanied our dining.  The only real problem we encountered during our stay was that the lacquered table that was inlaid with gold tile and had no tablecloth on top was so slick that even a few spilled drops of water or tea spread quickly over the smooth surface and were difficult to sop up even with a cloth napkin.  Then, at meal's end I received an ominous fortune inside my fortune cookie, which read "Broke is only temporary; poor is a state of mind."  I hope the cookie doesn't know something I don't regarding an unwelcome harbinger of the future that is about to befall me financially.  For, everything has been rolling along nicely up to now, and I'd like life to remain that way.  And, since when were fortune cookies supposed to dole out bad fortunes?  Management may want to consider switching the restaurant's fortune cookie purveyor to keep all of its guests in a good mood when they leave!
2	Panda Express quality food at 4 times the price.
3	Surprisingly goodBut I was also only craving vegetables and tofu. I had to ask about the tofu and pay extra for it, but it was well worth it in my opinion. After eating at the hotel cafe for 2 days it was nice to have an option. Service was decent and the place seemed pretty well run.
2	I visited this restaurant while on a business trip, traveling on my own. So I dined at Lillies as a solo diner at a table, not at the hibachi. The service was mostly good, although I had to track down my waiter for a copy of my bill before I left. The food, however, was so-so. I had the chicken satay which was very boring. It was described as "spicy." I am a wimp when it comes to spice, and this was NOT spicy. It was served over a slice of honeydew melon. Hmmm....odd. The dessert was the best part. I ordered the chocolate macadamia nut torte. It was a very rich dessert, so I didn't finish it. But this was not because I didn't like it; it was just a lot ot eat and very richly flavored.Overall, I wouldn't recommend this restaurant unless you are looking for the ordinary and expected at an affordable price.
4	Food was good! Yes I was surprised. Staff was helpful. Spicy was actually spicy!  Neat mix of foods on the menu.
4	Located inside the Golden Nugget in Downtown came here last night for my Aunt's Birthday place is not that big but the staff is very attentive they don't leave you hanging and even the manager comes around and helps with any questions and even takes the order. They have two hibachi grills seats around maybe 16,  8 on one side 8 on the other since they have two chefs cooking on each one. We elected to sit at a table we had a group of 8 service was very fast for it being pretty busy. The one thing i found odd was that we only were able to get one tea kettle they ran out so our whole table had to share one with many refills. Food was good we ordered family style we got like 5 dishes of 2 each my fav was the honey glazed shrimp and the beef broccoli. The appetizers were also good which was the egg rolls and gyozas. Price was pretty expensive but what do you expect for Vegas and the Golden Nugget lol. I'd dine here again.
5	With its well-prepared Asian food and professional service, once again Lillie's came through nicely for me.  My party of four grabbed a table set for five in order to be able to accommodate the several items of food I would order--some old favorites, and a few new dishes.A Caterpillar Roll was good fresh sushi, and the pieces were very large.  No complaint there with respect to the fish and curved slices of avocado, but it seemed like a lot of supportive rice to pack away.  Spring Rolls were nice and light, and served with three sauces: Sweet & Sour, Plum, and Hot Mustard.  But there were only three rolls to an order.Once again two bowls of Wor Wonton Soup chock-full of large shrimp, filled wontons, elegant snow peas, and other fresh vegetables resulted from one soup order, which kept both Diane and me happy.  And, wok-fried Cantonese Beef with lean slices of beef, peppers, and onions was an ample and delectable entree for me, while Diane's Honey Glazed Shrimp was also quite tasty.I finished with a large Ginger Creme Brulee that I was pleased to find had only a faint flavor of ginger, and seemed very close in taste and appearance to a classic Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee.  The dessert was topped by very large cuts of luscious fresh strawberries.  The hot tea, too, was very flavorful; and the service exemplary, as we all enjoyed fine Cantonese cuisine in a room that exuded a classy Asian ambiance.
4	Dined here after experiencing the fremont street.. Food was awesome.. one of the best chinese foods around. Service could have been a tad better as the server didn't understand much English, nor was he able to talk himself.All in all, great if you are looking for seriously good asian food.
4	I've been to Lillie's 3 times, and each time had the teppanyaki.  Be advised there are only 2 tables, so it's wise to make reservations.I found the servers to be appropriately enthusiastic, something that is a staple at most teppanyaki joints.  Each time, I get a mixed dinner which contains some combination of steak, chicken, lobster, shrimp.  I find at Lillie's the chefs are more skilled at cooking the steak to the requested temperature.  Also, my shrimp/lobster has never been tough or overcooked.  The service is quick, I never went wanting for another beer, but the service does not take away from the action.  You get quite a meal for the price, if you are downtown I highly recommend it if you are looking for a different dining experience.
5	It was back to Lillie's to introduce friends to its fine Asian cuisine, and get in a quick dinner before seeing "West Side Story" at the Smith Center.  This time I began with pan-fried potstickers, which were nicely sized and very well made.  My sauce test was pretty much passed as well: I received my requested Potsticker Sauce with ginger, Hot Chili Oil, Sweet & Sour Sauce, and Plum Sauce--although I would have preferred Hoisin Sauce to the latter.  Hot Jasmine Tea was as ethereal and flavorful as ever. I stayed with the delicious Wor Won Ton Soup and wok-fried Cantonese Beef tenderloin, and found the Broccoli Tempura to be fresh, very good tasting, and very filling, even though I don't particularly like broccoli.  Service was spot on and very accommodating.  Besides the several sauces, Hot Mustard Sauce was supplied for my friends, and a $25 Landry's birthday coupon emailed to me was also honored even though the restaurant is not yet equipped to process such discounts.  My request for a large round table was also quickly granted, even though most parties of four are seated at a small square table.I think restaurant staff now realize and will acknowledge that I traditionally consume enough Cantonese food by myself to merit and need a larger table than normal no matter how many fellow diners I am with, and recognize that my party will order enough dishes to make the accommodation pay off at the cash register as well.
3	This review is only for the teppanyaki (hibachi grill) menu, since I haven't yet tried the regular menu yet. Went there on the Sunday of Memorial Day weekend. After walking around Fremont Street and the crowd at the Punk Rock Bowling festival, we decided to get a bite to eat at Lillies at the Nugget. Nothing special. My first job as a kid was at Benihana, and if you've seen one hibachi grill, you've seen them all. This one was no exception. A bit on the boring side. At least the food tasted fresh. We had the chicken and shrimp entree. Pretty standard - soup, salad, rice, grilled vegetables. At least the chef (King Kong), was entertaining enough, and had a bit of a personality. I felt sorry for the people who were sitting across from us. Their chef got in and out as fast as he could. I don't remember if he made an attempt to entertain the diners. Service was so-so. The waitress seemed a little tired. Perhaps, I'll give Lillies another shot sometime in the future, since their regular menu sounds somewhat interesting. Note to self: NO MORE HIBACHI!!!
3	This time friends were introducing us to Lillie's teppanyaki grill.  While I had thrice had a 5-star experience here dining on Cantonese cuisine, this switch to the grill did not go nearly as well.  Food was tasty, and our grill master entertaining--but maybe to excess.  As he juggled kitchen utensils and tried to fake dropping a spatula right in front of Diane, he lost control of it, and, with a mind of its own, it smacked into her ceramic dish filled with Teriyaki Sauce, overturned the container, and spilled a solid sheet of brown goo directly over the glass screen of her Samsung Galaxy S3 that was resting face up in front of the oozing sauce.  Luckily, Gorilla Glass prevented any further incursion, no damage was caused, and the grill master was very apologetic about his fumble.  But there were other faux pas that occurred throughout the meal.Likely because a diner on the other end of the grill claimed an allergy, and protested seafood being grilled at the same time as steak, the remaining 9 diners were deprived of any complimentary appetizer shrimp.  Then, when the grill master became too engrossed chatting and laughing along with two male diners at the other end of the grill, he neglected to keep a careful watch on the meat, and our requested medium rare Filets soon became medium before he cut them into cubes and removed them from the grill.  I found a piece of shell from a shrimp in the midst of my food, and one of my dining companions reported encountering egg shells in his Fried Rice.  Waitress service was very efficient.  I received a fresh and very tasty Rainbow Roll even though this type of requested sushi did not appear on the menu, and drinks were quickly refilled without having to ask.  Because I have really enjoyed the Chinese side of Lillie's, I will continue to patronize this part of what is still a fine establishment.  But, at least in the near future, I will likely go elsewhere when I have a hankering to frequent a Japanese steakhouse.
3	We stopped in Old Vegas one night to check it out. If you've never been to Old Vegas, I highly suggest stopping by.We were starving and Lillie's was the first restaurant we stumbled across.  We love Hibachi and figured it couldn't be that bad.Our food was fine, portions were on the smaller side and you were charged more for fried rice, which I found odd.  Most places I have been to include that in your hibachi meal.  Portions weren't huge and service was okay.  I'm not sure we'd go running back, but it wasn't awful either.We also waited quite some time as they never turned the grill on, when the chef arrived to cook the grill was cold!
2	Nope.This is some pretty gross Asian cuisine and the cost is quite high for this type of quality. I'm not sure if people enjoy the hibachi - but this place was not tasty at all. I would compare it to most American Chinese fast food joints around town priced under $10 a plate.We had -Crab Special Roll - it was too sweet and I only ate one piece - so did the boyfriend. Pretty sure it was imitation crab.Lillie's Special Stir Fry - Special my ass. It was so starchy, bland and just flat out disgusting. X.O. Prawns - the shrimp tasted like it was not fresh, tasted bagged and very very fishy tasting. Like it had been chillin in a tank of water after defrosting for a day or two. It was very chewy as well. I'm not sure what is going on in this place. It was $70+ without tip. The service was good and prompt. The restaurant itself was nice, but the main focus has got to be turned toward the food. We were so hungry, we ate it anyways. But no more. I'm gagging just thinking about how yucky it was.
3	The flavor and spices in the pad thai were good, but the dish overall was nothing to write home about.
1	Absolutely terrible service.  Sat at the table for 10 minutes before the waiter even stopped by to take a drink order, and he was rude the entire evening. Same if not worse experience waiting to order food.  Food was not good.  Would not recommend to anyone.
4	So the food is good but it's not Benihana's. There are a few things that I feel you must have like chicken fried rice, garlic butter and a really good soup and salad. The salad was good, not great but good. It was kind of like a 1000 island - ginger dressing that we all ate. I notice that everyone at our table kind of passed on the soup. At first I thought I was the only one but literally everyone took a bite or two and pushed it away. I was disappointed with the fried rice. When you compare it to other restaurants it was very plain. Lots of white rice that did not get blended with the soy sauce and butter. Again, it wasn't very good. The service from the staff was great, the chef was very friendly but I think the menu needs an overhaul.
5	The wor wonton soup reminds me of San Francisco which I love. The Hong Kong chow mein is fantastic tasty roasted pork on a bed of  lightly crispy noodles mmmmmm!
2	OK, first thing you need to know is this place is owned by LANDRY's, yes Landry's.  The second thing you need to know is that they charge almost $4 for fried rice.  Not a huge dish of fried rice, a little bowl of fried rice.  Most other teppan yaki placed in town include it!  Well at least the good ones do.  The shrimp was not very good and the filet wasn't cooked well.  I ordered medium and it came out medium rare, and it wasn't really seared, more steamed.  You know how steamed steak tastes?  Well that was it.  The chicken was pretty good, but maybe on the dry side.  The ginger sauce was probably the best of all of the components.  Seriously, forego this place and try a local one instead.  For my money, Geisha on Sandhill and DI is far superior.  They give you fried rice as well as soup, salad, and an appetizer, I usually get the shrimp and vegetable tempura, and your choice of soda or small sake if you order the Geisha Special, and it's either $35.95 or 37.95.  The Geisha Special includes a shrimp appetizer, usually three pieces and then chicken, steak, and lobster.At Lillie's, I got the special, can't remember the name, and it came with chicken, shrimp, and filet, it's a choose three situation, or you can get lobster and two others.  If you want really good teppan yaki and really want good value for your money, Geisha at DI and Sandhill is the way to go!Come to think of it, the 2 stars here might be a bit generous.The waitstaff was not that attentive, drinks ran empty a few times, they crowded us in at the table by maybe an extra person or two, they let people smoke e-digs, so for you, maybe that's a plus, but that shit stinks.I can only lead you to water, I can't make you drink it.
1	OMG this place was bad.  The staff is friendly but un attentive and pushy.  The food is more expensive than other teppanyaki restaurants in town and the quality is awful!  I had the 45.00 3 item combo.  Plus the extra 4.00 for fried rice.  The new york steak was flavorless and very fatty.  The chef was almost comatose and barely going thru the motions.  The onions were still raw when served and the shrimp left a lot to be desired.  The Ginger sauce was pretty good as well as the chicken, and the manager came by often, but I still cannot recommend.Stay away and try a local family owned restaurant like Osaka or Geisha instead.
3	The food was typical habachi style. No yum yum sauce. A bit over priced, but what I expected for a casino restaurant.
5	I always eat here when I go to Fremont Street on a Vegas vacation.  Really good food and quiet atmosphere, as well as friendly & attentive staff.  I recommend this place!
3	Fun, typical Japanese-grill moments scattered throughout quite boring, bland, usually high-priced food.
1	Don't bother.  The Chinese spinach was very good, the duck and peppered steak were not so good.  I had the peppered steak removed from my bill because it was so tough.  The plum sauce for the duck was weird and instead of a nice little duck breast, they just threw in whatever body parts that suited them.  Heed  the warnings if those who have posted negative reviews. Again, don't bother.
4	This restaurant located near the pool in the Nugget is actually much better than I expected it to be. I had my doubts because of my previous dinning experiences at the Nugget restaurants.We opted for the teppan grill verses ordering off the menu. It wasn't something that I had done before, and when in Vegas, give everything a shot. It was a lot of fun and it was quite entertaining. It was more than what I thought it would be. The food was good and the services was top notch.
3	This place wasn't to bad. I definitely wouldn't come back for the Sushi but the main dishes were pretty good. I had the sea bass and it went down pretty smooth. Pretty pricy place just for one person with drinks, I spent around $118.00 just for me with a desert.The service isn't the best here, they make you feel rushed and the waitress seem like she wanted to be there at the same time.I'd look else where if your looking to spend that kind of money
2	Food here is not good. We came here for the teppanyaki but was disappointed.. The fried rice was so bland and tasteless. The quality of the seafood and meat is mediocre at best. My hot and sour soup was more sour than anything. Our server was great but the food.. No. Sorry, needs a lot of improvement.
1	If you are looking for good Asian authentic food? This is NOT the place. My husband and I ate here, it was probably one of the worse over priced Asian/Chinese food.  I was expecting the food to be really good especially for the price but it was very disappointing. I won't eat here again.
