5	As someone visiting from far away, the Baked Potato Shop is a MUST when I am in Edinburgh.  Lots of personality, HUGE potatoes, and lots and lots and lots of great toppings.  They are also vegetarian and vegan conscious, for you folks out there.We were lucky enough to stumble across this place our first time in town, and it's now a tradition.  Try the mushroom & sour cream topping, or the veggie chili.
4	Dining in Edinburgh (and on the Royal Mile in particular) can be a harrowing experience during the Festival. Between the crowds in the streets and the crowds in the restaurants, even the best laid dining plans can fall apart in a hurry. Thank God for the Baked Potato Shop.Conveniently located just off the Royal Mile, the Baked Potato Shop exists to serve starving patrons who have had their fill of experimental theater and street performery and need full stomachs to match. As you might guess from a place called the Baked Potato shop, you shouldn't expect too many fancy culinary surprises here. For that matter, you won't even really find much in the way of seating. What you will find are some unfrigginbelievable baked potatoes with all kinds of delicious toppings, on the cheap and served up quickly.Truth in advertising never tasted better.
5	This is one of those of times where something is obvious, brilliant, and novel all at the same time. When it makes so much sense, so clearly meant to be, that you can't believe it's somehow happening to you for the first time. Where are all the baked potato shoppes of the world, with their steaming jackets of soft, buttery, salt-studded potato filled with the sumptuousness fillings of your choice-- creamy mushrooms?? Egg salad?? Curried tuna?? Gooey melting cheddar and sour cream is what I ended up with, but I could have gone back every day to sample all of their comfort food offerings. Except maybe the vegetarian haggis---I don't need to try that one ; )The medium potato was SO big and SO filling, I'd like to see Michael Phelps finish one on his own! And yet as my body started to feel like it was morphing into an actual stuffed potato , I couldn't stop forking more of that salty, gooey yumminess into my mouth. The skin! the melted cheese! The love of pure, unadulterated carbohydrates! And for three pounds. Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes. Such a simple, sustainable food that has been the poor man's supper for thousands of years still brings so much comfort and pleasure, that  it makes you stop and ponder all those expensive nights out at posh, elitist fusion restaurants. Long live the potato shop! Please expand to the United States!
5	Q: "What do you say  to an angry 300 lb potato?"A: "Nothing.  You just butter him up."300 pounds of baked potato would provide days of culinary heaven.  Second best?  A dolled up potato from the Baked Potato Shop. Simple.  Vegetarian. Varied.  Savory.  Filling.  Perfect.
4	'Aaah, so this is the Baked Potato Shop that is so highly recommended on Yelp', I found myself wondering as I turned onto Cockburn street and entered the shop.Firstly, the smell of the shop is worth one star alone - the delicious smell of baking potatoes is simply mouthwatering, and thats just a prelude to how the potatoes taste.Soft, crispy skinned and delicious. Lots of toppings/fillings to choose from  - certainly some odd ones, but generally all amazing. Prices are decent for Cockburn Street, and staff are great. Gets a little busy, but with a smell like that drawing people in, its understandable.
4	As good a The Baked Potato Shop looks and smells, it is only a place I visit very occasionally on my lunchtime travels, for a couple pf simple reasons.1. Nowhere to sit.2. It's vegan.The first on proves a problem as it means that if I choose to eat here, I probably have to drag myself back to my work to sit and eat it, when one of the main joys of lunchtime is getting out of the place for an hour. On the subject of number two, vegans irritate me, so I'd rather not give them my money.Despite the lack of freshly slaughtered animals on the premise, the taters do taste great, so it's still worth four stars.
4	Located at the top of Cockburn Street there are no prizes for guessing what kind of food you can get in The Baked Potato Shop, I love baked potatoes and have been known to pop in here from time to time to get one of their delicious taters with a great range of vegetarian fillings. I can rarely walk by without popping in as the smell is amazing.I guess the only downside is the fact that there's no seating area, but if it's a nice day there's nothing better than getting a piping hot buttered tater and finding a seat along the Royal Mile to sit down, eat and watch the world go by.
5	This review will be small, much like the Baked Potato Shop.Though small in size, this predominantly take-away restaurant offers a fast and healthy alternative to fish & chips, doner/kebab or deep-fried anything. Not only is a baked potato incredibly nutritious and good for you (don't forget to eat the skin, people!!) the BPS offers a range of scrumptious vegetarian toppings of all sorts to don your tattie. Avocado, red pepper and cheese; cous cous, beans and peppers; curry rice; hummus; pineapple; coleslaw... the list goes on!With small, medium and large potatoes to choose from, they make a tasty treat for yourself or to share. Though there is very, very limited seating in the place (a small square table with a bench) I've always managed to snag a spot and have actually met some pretty interesting people and had some great conversations over our baked potatoes. A  British/Korean couple from Australia, a homeless lady, and a mother, son and daughter from Spain who I gave bar recommendations to. I suppose it's those experiences which have contributed to my likeness for the Baked Potato Shop.If the cramped quarters don't suit you, then get your potato for take away and go for a stroll along the Royal Mile, or head down Cockburn St. to Princes St. Gardens, grab a bench, and watch all the gothy-punk teenagers flirt with each other.The staff are a bit hippy-ish but are friendly and helpful (ask for a sample if you're curious about a certain topping!) and always play obscure music. The BPS also offers veggie/vegan samosas and haggis (be aware those with nut allergies), and a few vegan dessert treats as well. There's a fridge stocked with all sorts of pop and sparkling juice too. Overall, the Baked Potato Shop offers a tasty and enjoyable potato eating experience!
4	The smell wafting out if here is just to die for.  Seriously, you will know what I mean when you sniff it. You wouldn't think you'd recognize the smell of potatoes right?Inside isn't really much. it's nothing special, but what is special is the potatoes. Gooey, fluffy amazing-ness. Mouth wateringly good. I've been here a few times and sometimes the skin is a bit tough for my liking, but the potato itself is amazing!they have your standard fillings, mu personal favourite is good ole tuna. It's definitely worth a trip at least once
4	A popular one with the tourists (as the rave reviews suggest), I guess the Baked Potato Shop is seen as somewhat of a novelty to people visiting Edinburgh for the first time.It serves up fresh and hearty baked potatoes (no, really?) for a reasonable enough price - although it has the traditional, additional Cockburn St tax. So if you're stopping by for a bit of a stodgy meal, be prepared to empty your wallet of an extra couple of pounds!Saying that, the portions are generous and well made so you don't begrudge paying the extra money. Cockburn St is a nice location to grab some food, and if it's a nice day you can always sit out on the Royal Mile to savour the fresh air as well as lunch.It's always packed and it's vegetarian friendly. There are a ton of other pubs and diners in the area which serve up similar potato options, but the homely exterior, great cooking and good service of the Baked Potato Shop keeps the customers coming through the door in their flocks.
4	I haven't been to this place in years, but the two or three times I visited Edinburgh, I made a beeline for the Baked Potato Shop. It's cheap, you get a lot of food--the potatoes are as big as your head--and it's very filling and satisfying. Ideal cold-weather food. Baked Potato Shop is also very vegetarian and vegan-friendly, like a lot of places in Scotland. And how else can a vegetarian try haggis? They have a veggie haggis potato topping! Now I want to go back, although I'm good on the veg haggis.
5	Hottest Tattie in Town?If the queues outside the Baked Potato Shop are anything to go by, I don't think I'm the only one that agrees with the shop's sign. The secret of their success is generously portioned potatoes that are crispy on the outside and gorgeously warm and mushy inside. The toppings are pretty impressive too with a staggering range of veggie and vegan options from humous, peppers and avacado to veggie chilli, veggie curry, beans and cheese, coleslaw and cheese, tuna and sour cream.The only thing they could do to improve things is stay open later and introduce a seating area upstairs or outside. As it is, it's a case of finding a dry, clean bench or step somewhere nearby.
5	This place is a must!!! If you are visiting Edinburgh this place is an absolute must!!! Ill never look at a baked potato the same way! I ordered a medium and I couldnt even finish that one!! My toppings were: lots of cheese and avaocados!!! oh my I think this place has changed me!! have fun with your potato!! The lines out the door but its worth the wait!!
3	I LOVE their desserts.They have the caramel shortbread.  I'm american, and to me.. it tasted like Reeses Pieces, less crumbly, more caramely, slightly less sweet.And the guy recommended their Tiffin, which he described as "Christmas pudding- almost."  And I tried Xmas pudding awhile back.. it's good, like fruitcake soaked in rum.I came back and bought a kilo of this stuff to take home.  It's that yummy.
5	Thought I'd left my baked tattie days behind me once I graduated but this is a great place if you can eat on the hoof or find a place to sit. How anyone can get through the largest size is beyond me but the medium did me just fine. If you're fed up with a 'baked potato' straight from a microwave then reacquaint yourself with how they should be here.
5	The Baked Potato Shop really does have the best baked potatoes ever.  No joke, ever.  It was an amazing find when I was a student because I could make two meals out of the BP, easy.  They're huge!  (admittedly, I eat a lot more now, so it's just one meal for me these days)As far as I am aware they only have veggie toppings.  I'm a meat eater but have no problem with veggie food and when it comes to a BP even prefer the veggie stuff.  Every time I eat here I choose the three bean topping with cheese.  The beans are cold, unfortunately, which means that the cheese doesn't melt, but it doesn't even matter; the taste is phemonenal.  My only gripe is that they have space for about two people to sit in which means that every time I've been here I've had to find a place to sit and eat my meal somewhere around the Mile.  That is fine in nice weather, but we're in Scotland here, and nice weather doesn't come around that often.  But, they work with what they have and do a fantastic job of it.  I'll definitely be coming here next time I have a few after work pints in that region, because I am craving a baked potato now.
5	So so so so delicious. I had a curried one with all sorts of veggies, which they recommended to me because I couldn't choose. Even the mushrooms (which I despise!) tasted delicious. And through a long, disgusting walk in the rain (what a surprise!) my potato was still warm to eat. If I'm ever back in Edinburgh (hopefully soon) I will be sure to stop in. Your wallet and stomach will be incredibly satisfied. Just as a note, this is take-out. There is one small table but your chances of getting it are tiny. Find yourself a warm spot (good luck) somewhere else to eat this deliciousness.
3	I actually did not get a baked potato--I got the samosa and a mango kiwi cake. The samosa was really good--perfectly cooked and full of flavor. However, the mango kiwi cake was quite different. The cake did not taste like anything nor did the frosting except where a piece of kiwi had been sitting on the frosting--It was very moist though!Be warned, there is only one booth.
5	The vegetarian haggis samosa was extraordinary.The avocado salad (avocado, tomato,+ cheese) baked potato was massive and amazing.
4	We had the beans and cheese potato and the chili potato.  Both were deeply satisfying, filling, and yummy.  Afterewards, I just wanted to take a nap.  I would like to try some of the other toppings there, too, such as the avocado salad and the soured cream.  Service was good, but it was very crowded, and the noise level from the radio made it hard to understand what was being said.  There's no room to eat in there, so we took our food, walked up the street a few yards and put it on one of those black boxes and ate.  There is a circus-like atmosphere during the Fringe Festival--a massive crush of people walking the narrow streets, loud talking and boisterous laughing, pretty girls walking by in soft wool sweaters, people singing the blues, bagpipes playing, a girl with a unicycle, men dressed as women---but none of that existed.  IT WAS JUST ME AND THE POTATO.  I was lost in my own world.  Transported.  I washed it all down with a extra-large IRN-BRU, a Scottish soda pop that tastes like a cross between an orange soda and a cream soda.  For afters we bought a slice of Tiffin cake and a slice of ginger-lemon cake.  The Tiffin is quite good--it has a chocolate topping with coconut   The ginger-lemon cake tasted suspiciously like a banana-date cake, like an old-fashioned tea loaf recipe that grandma used to make, so I think we got the wrong cake, but it was tasty.  We got all of this great food for around 12 pounds--a bargain.  I thoroughly enjoyed this meal, but I can't help but think that a wedding of soured cream and bacon would be the supreme match of flavors with a potato.  Sadly, this isn't likely to happen at a vegetarian establishment.  Give me a meat option and I'll give you 5 stars.  It's only a matter of time before they discover a method of inserting a Snicker's Bar in it and deep frying it.
5	great value, filling, perfect to warm you up on a chilly day.  a medium potato is enough for two meals.staff incredibly nice.  good solid food with fresh ingredients.  try the onion, pineapple and cheese filling.  sounds disgusting, but sweet and savory.  the line can get stupid long during festival, but as long as the people ahead of you are ordering instead of performing or mugging, it moves fast.
3	Very tasty, BIIIIG potatoes. We went there because it seemed very busy, so we thought it must be good! The potatoes are very good - huuuge and with lots of interesting fillings. I had cheese and spinach, my partner had egg mayo and spinach.Only problem is the staff are incredibly slow and (when we went any way) have incredibly LOUD music on, which was very annoying when combined with slow service.Tasty tatos, though.
4	That. Won't. Fit.My reaction when opening up my hot baked potato at home (it's only a small walk so it was pipin' hot too!)What can I say that hasn't been said before? I got one with cheese, and if I have one comment it is this: that, my friend, is not a topping. That, is stuffing. I could swear I heard the potato squeel when the friendly boy was ramming the cheese into that poor potato.Back at home the cheese had become all melty and gooy and my face was one big potato-y mess. But oh man ohmanohman, was I happy.Joy.Value for money? Absolutely. Foodcoma? Garantueed.
4	Yum!  The enticing aroma and cozy location will draw you into the Baked Potato Shop! The toppings are fun and they are no joke bout adding butter to each spud!!  I order the medium thinking it was a for a medium sized potato but i was served two medium sized spuds!  And with topping of cheese and pineapples pre-supper snack became dinner.  It was good though, very tasty and delish!!
5	Wandered in here randomly when we were hungry and tired of spending too much eating out while toursiting in Edinburgh. The potatoes and toppings were delicious and the value for your money was ridiculous. They offer small, medium and large which are not just different size of potatoes, but actually whether you get 1, 2 or 3 whole potatoes. The toppings varied from cheese to curried corn to almost anything in between. We also walked out with two mediums (i.e., 4 potatoes) for less than 5 pounds. It's really hard to argue with that.
4	As another Yelper said, you don't get a topping, you get a filling. I got a small with cheddar and sweetcorn, and was overwhelmed (in a good way) with just how much they stuff that sucker with. (Good combo too, incidentally... love the sharpness of the cheddar combined with the sweetness of the corn and fluffiness/crispyness of the potato). This was meant to be a snack, but easily turned into an actual meal, all for under 4 quid. Very happy with the shop, a great place for anyone on a budget.
5	great place in the town center clockwork concept, potato with filling, really like the place, very friendly and cheerful staff.Prices are resonably.place for four people to sit in the place
4	OK, so I went to the Baked Potato Shop and didn't order a baked tattie, but I'm contrary like that, sometimes (most of the time). Their Bombay potato soup and mixed veggie roll were both excellent, though, so I'd recommend this as a good place for a tasty, health, good value lunch.Overall, we said: "the food from the Baked Potato Shop was first class, and the lunchtime deal represented good value. I'll certainly head back there again, and maybe this time I'll go for one of their famous baked tatties. Now if I could just convince them to dispense with microwaving the soup..."
5	On this occasion, I feel the Scottish movie-stereotype that usually makes me cringe kinda holds true. Queue on fat, Scottish bastard with his ginger hair and tartan cap saying "get in mah belly". (ref: Austin Powers). Ignoring the repulsive image of "Fat Bastard" himself, this is how I feel about The Baked Potato Shop, in the best way possible.Baked potatoes, or potatoes generally, are Scottish comfort food. It's cold here a lot. We eat 'street food' a lot. Eating street food, outside, can be tricky. And so the baked potato is the perfect solution for this. Crispy skin, soft fluffy centre, and a nice, fatty, mayo-drenched filling.Ok so they're never going to be the choice of the health conscious. But at The Baked Potato shop there are so many fillings, all of which are veggie, that you don't only have to have 1 of 3 traditional fillings (baked beans and cheese, tuna and cheese, cheese.)How about curried sweet corn? Or veggie chilli? Or spinach special? Or three-bean? Or greek feta? Or tofu? Or...oh I forget, there were so many. But basically, all the fillings are veggie and there are at least 10 - 15 options I think. And yes you could go for cheddar with full fat mayo, but there's also some much lighter and at least semi healthy options.Also, after asking the guy why the options were only veggie, he told me that it was originally founded by David Bann. That is, David Bann of the restaurant David Bann, one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Edinburgh - in fact something of an institution. This really impressed me. Apparently he founded in over 10 years ago, allt he fillings recipes are his originals, but he sold it on after 2 years. They kept all the recipes though.So, back to the Fat Bastard recipe. Picture me holding the 'small' portion in my hand with the curried sweetcorn filling, feeling the very weight of it in my hand thinking there is no WAY I would eat it all. 15 minutes later, I'm sitting on a wall on the Royal Mile, scraping spilling curry sauce off my leg (I'm a right proper Lady me), with an empty polystyrine box by my side, and a very happy little food baby, feeling the proud epitome of Scottish, fat-bastard-ness.In a word, The Baked Potato Shop is well good. Delicious baked potatoes, amazing fillings, three sizes (small = 1 potato. medium = 2 potato. large = 3 potato). Hot and cold fillings. Friendly staff. Did I mention that potatoes are just TOO GOOD? Yum.
5	I loved our visit to The Baked Potato Shop!Not only did I get a huge baked potato meal, but, got to have it just the way I wanted it. We actually ended up sitting at a table with a young woman from United States who was studying at Edinburgh Uni.Great place to drop in and enjoy a good meal.
5	Wow I love this place!There isn't much seating but the food is fab!Definitely try the vegetarian haggis if they have it.Big portions and fair prices!Great as a touristy stop for food.Try it!
4	Went to this place after reading reviews on Yelp and couple of other sites. Usually i wouldn't like to try places, but the reviews were just too good to miss. and i am happy to say glad i paid a visit.. WORTH IT!!!!! for a fiver u get your stomach and heart fill.Got spicy hummus and spicy veggies on my medium sized potatoes.. and they tasted amazing.definitely worth a visit for anyone who likes veggie food. get in and enjoy.
5	We were looking for a place to have breakfast and this shop looked nice and cozy so we thought of giving it a try. In one line I can tell you that even months after that we keep raing about this place!! It's totally awesome!Since it was quite a few months back I forget the exact name of the dishes that we ordered but one was basically a baked potato and the other was a platter. The baked potato is so different and tasty from what we get in the US! We absolutely loved it! The platter was a hit too! They've great preparation and the prices are reasonable!I miss that baked potato so much that I wish there was a place like that here!
5	Wer einmal zu Besuch in Edinburgh ist, sollte diesem kleinen 'Baked Potato Shop' unbedingt einen Besuch abstatten!Der Laden ist zwar sehr klein, es steht in der Ecke ein kleiner Tisch und der ist meist besetzt, aber das is schon ok!!!Umso geiler ist einfach das Essen, dazu noch eine Dose 'Cherry Coke' und dann ist alles tutti!!!Daumen hoch!!!
5	The Baked Potato Shop is amazing! The vegetarian haggis potato was a wonderful find for a cold, rainy afternoon.  Lots of great vegan hand held snacks and desserts too. Amazing little place.
5	Nom nom nom.PO-TA-TO!As mentioned by others, bugger all seating but craploads of potatos and yumbo fillings. I got the chili with avo and it was fab!As mentioned by Jenny (and I only noticed AFTER I had ordered my medium potato), a medium potato is two potatoes. This fat bastard was not fat enough to get through all of them twos so I didn't get to eat the skin :( :( If you can get through the large with fillings then you truly are a Fat Bastard (tm) and I congratulate you fine sir or madam.Only thing better than the potatoes was the music playing during potato construction including hits such as "Jesus loves you". Was very awesomesauce.
5	This is the best baked potato shop!!! Now I'm a tall guy and need my food to get through the day and I have had plenty experiences of baked new potatoes around the city. Here, no such thing, I can even imagine that one would have to beg them to use one potato. And I like the healthy fillings rather then the 10 fillings all swimming for their flavour life in mayonnaise or dry chicken option. All options are vegetarian or vegan and I like my meat but these mixtures are all making that thought not important at all. I can't decide my favourite which is great for both sides as I'll walk any hill and cross any screeching amateur bag piper to get to this cosy potato shop again.  "I think the pipers would make more money if they rather stopped then playing when given money"
5	the baked potatoes here are some of the biggest i have ever seen!!!! you can get loads of fillings and its really difficult to eat the whole thing!! but i always manage it..
5	I can't believe I forgot to review the Baked Potato Shop immediately after my trip to Edinburgh, because honestly, this was pretty much the best place I ate in all of Scotland. Let me clarify: I LOVE potatoes, and most people/restaurants in the US don't have any appreciation for potatoes (much less understand the concept of jacket potatoes) unless they come as french fries.But, really, baked potatoes are my favorite thing.So, naturally, I got a medium potato with some kind of greek salad, cheese and avocado, and it was fantastic. I only wish I could eat here everyday.
5	If small is so big, I know want to know what medium or large look like!This was the first place I came to when I moved to Edinburgh, I had been looking at reviews and was determined to find the vegetarian side of the city. The baked potato shop was very high up the list of recommended places.It is small inside, there is very little room, but on offer are many options for vegetarians and vegans. They do some fantastic vegan cakes, samosas, soups, and of course, baked potatoes. I ordered small with haggis and baked beans. It was humongous! This was my first experience of haggis, and though I can't say I'm a fan, I'm glad I got the opportunity to try it. The potato was cooked to perfection and considering the size, it was great value.This is a really conveniently located little place for tourists, students and businessmen alike, just off the royal mile, near St Giles cathedral, the castle and Waverly station. If you need comfort food (and you will during the Scottish winter, believe me), do try this place out.
4	If I decided to search out a religion and give up my atheist ways, I'm certain the Baked Potato Shop would be my church and the food inside my god.I have never seen anything like this place anywhere on Earth. My meal of towering vegan haggis, baked beans and fresh spinach salad on top of a mammoth serving of piping hot potato was truly a spiritual experience. I was so devoutly affected, I almost prayed.Amen.
3	Oh, it pains me to give 2 stars. It's very rare. My one experience here was 2 stars, but as a disclaimer, if I came back and knew what to order and what to stay away from, it could go higher. I was so excited to see a shop right next to where I was staying in Edinburgh on the Royal Mile with vegan options! This shop is all vegan and vegetarian, which is so cool, and still fairly rare in the UK. I ordered a small baked potato (the other reviewers are right, a small one is definitely big enough for 2 meals!) and after much consideration, got it topped with baked beans and with avocado. Everything on the menu that is vegan is labeled V for vegan, and apparently they even have vegan butter. I was starving, so also ordered a packet of crisps and a slice of chocolate cake. (Sometimes after a gal is done climbing Arthur's Seat, she's just gotta carbo-load, ya know?)When I got back to the flat I was staying in, I excitedly opened my huge and messy baked potato, starving and ready to demolish it. with my hungry girl appetite. I noticed the avocado wasn't actually avocado, but guacamole. That's ok; I wouldn't have ordered guacamole and baked beans, but I was willing to try it. When in Edinburgh, after all. After a few bites, I noticed the guacamole had something else in it. Cheese. Wah-Wah.Who puts cheese in guacamole? I get that might be a thing, and some people might like loads of cheese cubes in your avocado dip; hey whatever floats your boat. But at a cafe that caters to vegans and knows what a vegan is, I think it's strange and disappointing to put cheese in a dish that traditionally doesn't call for it. And I hadn't thought to ask if the avocado was vegan, because duh, it's a fruit. I didn't know that avocado meant guacamole, and that their guacamole would have cheese in it. I did ask if the butter was vegan, which I would have super appreciated if the word vegan would have tipped off the gal making my potato. So I moved on my to my cake. Which tasted like vegan cake from 1977. Very dry and crumbly, not sweet. But, the server was very nice, and there were lots of options to choose from. If you go and you're vegan, just make sure you ask lots of questions and read the menu carefully. And now I'm going to move my review up to 3 stars because I'm happy there's a vegan option close in Edinburgh and even though my food didn't work for me, I would try again if I were in the neighborhood/city/country again. And because they were nice.
4	Mmm, baked potatoes. For the carbohydrate aficionado in all of us, this shop is a perfect way to get a do-it-yourself meal just off of the Royal Mile. I want one back at home!You can choose from a variety of toppings, including a slew of vegetarian and vegan options, which is great. The small potato with cheese I ordered was actually two potatoes that were literally covered in cheddar-y goodness. Very messy, very hot, and very good. The toppings may look like too much at first, but there is enough to last through the whole thing and never leave any bare potato. Once you reach the skin, if you still have any room left in your stomach, eat the skin. It is delicious. If you can, upon receiving your warm and crispy potato, find a place to sit (Scottish weather permitting), and enjoy people-watching while stuffing your face.
4	I took my mother here when she visited me at the beginning of the festival. There is one table and every time I have passed by there have been people at it. Our visit was no exception. We ended up sitting in the park at the bottom of the hill, which was very nice, but possibly not so great when it's not summer. The food itself is great. My first job as a school kid was in a baked potato shop, so I have a nostalgic affection for the baked potato as a meal. These guys didn't disappoint. They were getting smashed me when went in, but the guy who served us was friendly and efficient. And as helpful as we needed him to be. We ordered the medium size. I was planning on ordering the large as we had been walking around town all day and I generally have a big appetite anyway. But ended up opting for medium. It was perfect. Verging on too much, but that was what I was after. My mother couldn't quite make it to the end, but enjoyed it also. Their is a good combination of toppings, everything looks fresh and there are a decent selection of treats and drinks.
4	What a great idea....a baked potato with tons of options for stuff on top. I had the vegan haggis and it was very tasty. I would give it 5 stars if it had more seating. Inexpensive and many options for vegans. Yeah!
4	I seem to remember an old advert in which a Lancastrian family was having an argument and their entire vocabulary was the word Potato."POTATO! POTATO-POTATOOO!"That's pretty much what my brain shouts whenever I walk into the Baked Potato Shop.  It's definitely what my tummy's thinking. Hefty portions, perfectly cooked, fresh fillings piled on to bursting point... yes, yes, and yes.(And by "hefty portions" I mean that I, self-professed Sultana Of Starch, can barely finish the tuberous exuberance they so whimsically refer to as Small.)It's only a teeny shop, so if one of the staff is downstairs mixing up some more fillings you might find yourself queueing out in the cold; having only one server instead of two seems to make a disproportionate difference to the speed of the queue. But what a reward awaits the patient. Spud in abundance. Also, if you order the avocado salad from the vegetarian half of the menu (as I unerringly do), there are big lumps of cheese in it that you only notice when you eat it. And what's the best kind of cheese? Yes: SURPRISE cheese!The other half of the menu is devoted to vegan food, and there are vegan homemade cakes on the counter and vegan box drinks in the fridge. It's great to see vegans so comprehensively catered for instead of being an afterthought on a sub-menu. But even for a dedicated beastie-biter like me, the meat-free delights of The Baked Potato Shop are a must on a trip down Cockburn Street. I'd wager that potatoes elsewhere in the city are just green with envy over these designer jackets.
5	Perfect place for vegetarians. I enjoyed Cheddar and Haggis toppings. Only seating for 6.
4	the potatoes here are massive and the fillings are big in portion too! you can get some tasty different types of fillings as well not just your average cheese and beans (which is still a winner!) i always used to get my potato to go as it's like a little shack - i didnt even think there was anywhere to sit inside?? love it! good prices too for the amount of food you are getting!
5	Erm. It's the Baked Potato Shop. An Edinburgh institution! It does baked potatoes and they are absolutely amaaaazing. They only do veggie and vegan fillings, which means a rainbow assortment of toppings for your tattie, and they do not scrimp on size.The tatties provided are monster portions, so be aware of this when ordering. I remember I once saw a family of Spanish tourists order four large servings - they could have had one between the family! They were swimming in baked potatoes. One small baked potato with one filling is all you need to feel full as you like. There is one tiny table to sit in with - the place does well for tourists and folk on the go. Love, love, love the Baked Potato Shop!
5	I travel to Edinburgh for business quite often, and this is my go to dinner spot. Actually, if they are open, i wouldn't even consider any other spot!Their potatoes are perfectly steamed and toped with whatever you choose, ALL VEGETARIAN! My favorite was the black bean and corn salsa mix, cheese, and salt and pepper. So delicious!
3	I ventured here after a long walk up to the top of Arthur's Seat and then was heading to the Castle via foot on the hunt for food. A friend who was visiting said he felt like a baked potato, so we ventured to the Baked Potato Shop as I had remembered passing it before and thought it smelled amazing.Now, it was a gray-sort of slightly-cold day and I in my American-ness was thinking baked potato with broccoli and cheese sounds amazing, but low-and-behold, they don't actually offer many hot toppings for your hot potato. If my memory serves me correctly, it had maybe 5 or 6. The obvious baked beans or chili were options and while both sounded good, they weren't anything too out there.It was new to me to put chilled sort of salads/mixes on top of a warm potato, but they all looked quite tasty and delicious and extremely fresh so I thought I would try the 'Mexican' topping of kidney beans, corn and peppers atop my potato. I ordered the smallest one and had to say it was a bit pricy for a potato, almost 5 pounds for a small, and in my mind, potatoes are dirt cheap...Anyways, I am SO glad I opted for the small. Despite my ravenous, long-walk induced appetite, it was entirely too massive. It would have been nice to have one slightly smaller, that was slightly cheaper. Although tasty, it didn't really strike me as a great and absolutely essential food buy for the money I spent on it.They do have a large array of options and think they have lots of vegan options, all healthy, so that is nice for anyone looking to carb load via vegetarian. They weren't busy and the service was friendly, but a bit slow. The other friend we were  with just got cheese and most of it wasn't melted, so it was just a giant pile of grated cheese and didn't really meet his expectations. They do put butter on the hot potato if you would like, which is nice, otherwise it might be a bit dry as most of the toppings don't have a sauce...think, veggie salsa or salad on top.My boyfriend had the chili, which was pretty good, so if I ever go again I think I would opt for the comfort of some chili and cheese on a massive potato. They are also cash only so make sure you've got some on hand. There also is only one small table inside, maybe big enough for 4 max, so it is best to take-away and eat somewhere near by off the Royal Mile. Although, a potato is not really a summer crave when sitting in the park, this is certainly a winter-warm type destination in my mind.
5	Een heerlijke kleine winkel voor een goed belegde Jacket Potato! De Aardappels zijn echt groot, dus wanneer je weinig honger hebt, is 1 Jacket Potato echt meer dan voldoende.Er is voor vegetarischers en mensen met een koemelk-, en gluten allergie ook volop keus, laat het de medewerker(s) weten en ze kunnen je prima verder helpen.De winkel zelf heeft wel een tafeltje waaraan je kan zitten, maar echt luxe is het niet. Beter neem je je voedsel mee naar buiten en eet je het op terwijl je van de stad geniet.
4	I stopped in here on a trip to scotland in May. What a great little find. The potatoes were awesome and the gentleman working that day was wonderful. Definitely worth a pop in if you're in the area.
5	A great place to stop, we had two baked potato boxes and two slices of the vegan cake (mango and carrot). The fillings were excellent, between us trying the humous, baked beans, vegan haggis (a mix of nuts and seeds with a texture very similar to haggis and very good) and veggie curry. The portions are huge however so watch out! I would definitely recommend the cake but maybe go for a salad box next time as the baked potato wasn't really needed. Would rather just have a box of fillings
4	This place is brilliant!It's a tiny hole in the wall restaurant with a hipster staff and decor, but the food is no nonsense, fresh and tasty. Prices are perfect, ingredients are fresh, and service is friendly. What more could you ask for?We shared a single, large cheese and onion potato and it was heavenly. I'm not saying this is gourmet food, and nobody is going to be photographing it for their next cookbook, but if you like baked potatoes, then you're going to get what you want.There are plenty of tourist traps and overpriced pubs in the neighbourhood. If you want somewhere to spend some time and have a beer, then those may be for you. But if you're budget conscious and simply want tasty food, then the Baked Potato Shop is a must.Highly recommended.
5	Big bake potatoes with lots of topping options. Including a bunch of vegan ones. I definitely recommend the couscous and chili for a vegan option. Only draw back is that they only have one small table inside so we had to stand outside in the cold while eating our potatoes
3	A good-valued eat certainly.  My wife and I split one potato with 2-toppings.  It wasn't extraordinary, but it did do the job and put a dent in our hunger.  There's only 1 table to eat at - pretty much no space at all.  Recommend splitting a meal if you can.
5	Absolutely adored this shop.  Ate here three days in a row and was never disappointed. Good vegan options and just so yummy!  Potatoes are generous in size and make for a very filling and frugal lunch.
4	Only reason why it's four stars for me is because the seating is one table with a U-shaped bench that you'd have to share with strangers if you wanted to sit down and have food there. Otherwise, the portions are ridiculously gigantic. A medium is TWO POTATOES! One is more than enough. My friend got the small potato with sweet corn and I got a small potato with the avocado salad. Everything was fresh and simple yet done so well with such flavor! I also do appreciate that they have plenty of vegan and vegetarian options. Great service and atmosphere - we plan on going there a few more times during our stay in Edinburgh.
5	Wonderful filling lunch or snack.  Inexpensive potatoes with tons of great toppings/filling, and love that they heap tons of cheese on the potatoes.  Veggie Haggis was suprinsgly tasty.  Only downside is not much room for seating.Owners are super nice!
