5	The best fried chicken in Las Vegas. After a day of drinking at Davy's Locker, I can walk out the back door and get some awesome chicken. Yeah, boyeee!!!
4	I GOTS THE FEVER FOR THE FLAVOR.We all know the ladies don't be fallin in love with Flav' for his good looks or his grill, but they do be fallin in love. I figured it out today. It's his mutha fuckin chicken. Hot damn it was so good!!!  Not many people can say that the first time in their white girl life they had fried chicken it was made by Flavor Flav on his 127th birthday. No, but this white girl can! He cooked it up real good and I think he used his flavor of love, too. As a matter of fact I might be pregnant with his 42nd baby just from being exposed to that love. Oh, it was so good. The side dishes absolutely need work so for right now you just spend your money on the chicken. I got a breast and it had to be a size DDD cause it was voluptuous and scrumptious. The seasoning is DYNO-MITE!! Super crispy, too. Hint: I didn't peep any hot sauce so bring your own.The spot itself is take out only for now, which is all good to me. It's not really the kinda place I need to be hanging around at waiting for Bubbles to stumble by with his shopping cart full of t.p. and hats. It's small inside, but he's got a huge UNLV Rebels banner (GO REBS!) and also a wall of pictures of himself with other celebrities. I didn't notice any signature clock around his neck or on the wall for that matter. Regardless, it has charm.The service was welcoming and not fast, but I didn't think it would be since they've been open for like 12 hours. The prices were cheap. Flav' was doing all the cooking and all I've got to say is that if eating fried chicken will help you live to be 127 AND give you the energy that man has I just might have to come back for more. There was a woman in there that had ankles the size of my face so I better not come back too much. Flav'-  Thank you for cooking for me on YOUR birthday. Welcome to the neighborhood boyeeeee! Hope you stick around awhile.
5	went there today got to meet flava and the chicken was great not over seasoned or over priced i will be back      happy b day flav
5	This ranks high on one of the most amazing and unusual culinary adventures that I've ever had.A friend tipped me off that this chicken place was opening this week.  I so wanted to go, but I had another gig, and figured that I'd miss out.  As it so happened, said gig ended just early enough for me to go right before closing, so the missus and I hightailed it to ensure that we got there before closing.Oh yes, there was a line.And so we waited.  And waited.  However, the staff came out and started giving away free cornbread.  I'm... just not a big cornbread fan, but I figured "Why not", and bit into it.o_OIt was amazing.  Super sweet, like cake.  I ate two pieces while the line trudged on.As we got closer to the door, another staff member came out and started handing out copies of Flav's autobiography.  And now I had something to read while waiting.  People said that Flavor Flav himself was in the kitchen cooking, and sure enough, he was.  No clock because of health reasons, but he was hands deep in prepping chicken.  The place is small, and not flashy.  Public Enemy was playing over the speakers, and a few pictures of Flav hanging with other famous folk, but the size and decor were subdued.In between food prep breaks, he came out and talked to people, posing for photos, and signing autographs before rushing back to the food.I placed my order, and waited.  And waited. And waited.Turns out, they simply weren't prepared for the mass onslaught of people at the end, and had to rush like crazy to get everyone's order covered.  The staff looked exhausted having been there all day, but they were nothing but friendly, even tempered, and soldiered on, saying that they are here to be the best.  Flav even came out in between food prep breaks to let people know how genuinely appreciative he was that so many people came out to support him, and just bless everyone.  He's going to make this right.  And that included getting down to the last order perfect.  "If anyone were to get a raw piece of chicken", he said, "you can come up and punch me in the face."It was nearing midnight by the time the final 10 orders were being serviced.  He was dead set on making everything perfect, and thanked us over and over for our patience.  I have never seen someone work so hard in my life.  Forgot the rapping and reality show work.  The man is a juggernaut in the kitchen.  His staff are class and all were working like crazy to get food done, and keep people happy.When I finally got my order, it was past midnight, so I wished him happy birthday.  As I got handed my bag, I called out to him to say thank you for working so hard for us.  I felt it was the least I could do.With that, he stopped, came over to me, and shook my hand profusely, thanking me for coming out, being patient, and bless me for being so supportive.  I've come across of a lot of celebrities, famous people, and well knowns in my time.  Flavor Flav is honestly one of the nicest, most genuine people I've ever met.Past midnight, I finally dragged home, more excited than tired by the wackiness of the adventure, and how fun the whole experience was.  And then I sunk my teeth into the first bite of the chicken.....o_OMy God.... It is, hands down, the best fried chicken that I've had in Las Vegas, if not possibly ever.  It is absolutely, utterly remarkable.  I don't know what Flav puts in that fried chicken skin, but Colonel Sanders deserves a demotion in rank and can kiss Flav's backside, for Sanders or Popeye are no longer the masters.  I devoured chicken like a Mogwai from Gremlins, and even cold the next day, I gnawed on the remaining pieces with glee.  The mac and cheese is excellent.  I even liked the french fries quite a bit.So if there was ever a "bucket list" item that you never knew you had or even wanted, I can now cross off that Flavor Flav personally hand prepped and cooked me one of the best fried chicken meals that I have ever had in my life.You'll need this experience on your bucket list.  You don't know how much you really do.I will heartily go back to this diamond of a chicken place in a microsecond.  I am stunned.
3	I know, I know. I have to be the only person giving this place lower than four or five stars, but hear me out first. First I'd like to say that the chicken does deserve the 5 stars everyone has been giving it, so definitely give it a try. It had the perfect amount of spices and juicyness to make me want to eat more. Now the reason I'm only giving this place 3 stars is because of service. Service is the most important thing to me when eating at any restaurant.  Upon arriving there, there was a sign stating that it would be open at 1 pm. It was already 1:15, and it still wasn't open. The management was still a bit rocky since it was the first week, but I decided to stick it out because of the amazing chicken smell that would seep through every time the door opened. Flav wanted to be there to serve and cook our chicken for us, which I thought was very nice of him. However, it did take about an hour and a half for him to arrive. They gave us all books and he signed them and took pictures with the crowd, which was really cool. When we finally got to ordering, I ordered the semi-hungry meal which consists of 2 pieces of chicken, two sides, and a drink for about $7.50. I am not a big fan of dark meat, so I opted to spend an extra $1.50 to make my meal just white meat. After I placed the order I had to wait about 20 to 30 more minutes for my order to arrive. I took the order home and when I bit into the chicken, I saw it was all dark meat. I know it's just $1.50, but I was hoping to get my order correctly after waiting for so long. The chicken was still delicious, and the sides (mac and cheese and french fries) were good. However, I recommend letting this place get settled down for a couple weeks before trying it out. I will definitely try eating here again in the future to see if I can add a couple extra stars.
4	Public Enemy told me "don't believe the hype", but it was "harder than you think" because you can't "fight the power" of delicious chicken.Unfortunately I don't have a cool story with Flavor Flav like everyone else, I didn't see him in the kitchen during my visit. Since it just recently opened, I guess a lot of other people can't "fight the power" and not come down to the house of flavooooor. There was a doorman controlling the masses, kind of like a club... Club Flavor.. YEAAAA BOYYYY. Menu is pretty simple, the "Semi-hungry" ($7.99), 2 pieces of chicken, 2 sides, and a drink. The "Hungry" was ($11.99) and comes with 4 pieces of chicken instead of 2. Sides include mac & cheese, fries, or cole slaw. You can get all white meat for another $1.50, but when I was there they gave it to me for free, guess they ran out of dark meat. There are other options for you to order more sides or up to 24 pieces of chicken. The chicken verdict... its juicy, succulent, crispy, and wasn't raw. You can't really ask for more than that lol. Comparing it to KFC, Church's, or Popeye's.. well it is gonna start a "revolverlution"! The sides could use work, but they aren't the star anyways. Flavor Flav man... "he got game"... the chicken game that is. P.S. Def Jam please don't sue me :(
5	Okay, I feel like a total hypocrite writing this review, because I'm not a fan of Flava Flav, his music, his personal sense of "style", or even of fried chicken.   Then again, I'm a middle-aged white yankee woman.But.. I have a Southern-Fried husband who wanted to try it and we were in the neighborhood after getting my car checked at the shop.. pulled into the strip mall where House of Flavor is located and there weren't any lines... a good sign, in my opinion.  To me, it meant that Flava wasn't in the house so we could actually just get the food and not be involved in any celebrity-worshipping circus.  I'll admit, I was a bit dubious when a man unlocked the door to let us in, then locked the door behind us.  He was the "doorman" for a take-out chicken joint?  Just what were they worried about keeping out of there? We were third in line for ordering, and the menu is limited for their grand opening.. I got the small fried chicken meal (2 pieces, 2 sides, 1 drink) and hubby got the large meal (4 pieces, 2 sides, 1 drink).  It took a while for our food to be ready and, when our order was up, we were asked if all white meat was fine.  It wasn't, but I wasn't about to wait any longer (I kept eyeing the large windows and the locked door with unease).  We had to drive quite a distance to get home, but we brought our food in and ate our lukewarm lunch.Can I say "Wow" without being a hypocrite?  Nope.. but I'm saying it anyway.  The chicken was fantastic - very flavorful and moist, and not greasy at all.  Whenever hubby hauls me out for fried chicken, I eat one piece of it (at most) and that's under duress.  This, I'll travel back across town for again.  I ate both of my pieces of chicken and might have eaten more if it had been there!The sides we both got were cole slaw and the mac & cheese.  The cole slaw was initially boring, I thought it could have used some vinegar.. but it oddly grew on me after I ate more of it and, by the end, I really liked it.  The mac & cheese was too cold for me, so it's in the fridge for reheating later.  We both got sweet tea for our drinks because hubby loves the stuff, he drank both of them up and said it was pretty good.. I'll take his word on that one without verifying.So, I have a grudging bit of respect for Flava Flav now.. because his chicken is amazing.
4	The hip hop culture doesn't interest me in the least. Mostly because it has not one ounce of finesse or subtlety to it. Give me Ray Charles or Stevie Ray Vaughn or Tower of Power (coming to Southpoint in May by the way) any day.BUT...Flav's chicken joint DOES have subtlety and finesse. I'm not referring to the ghetto theater surrounding the place: tough-looking guys dressed in black guarding the door and letting people in one-at-a-time...(give me a break guys, it's a take-out chicken shack, not a VIP room!) BUT BUT....the chicken itself is excellent...full of subtle flavors and spices, and clearly made with some finesse.The mac n cheese was ok: a little runny but flavorful. And the fries were much better than average.BUT BUT BUT.....it's the chicken that's worth coming back for. They're on to something here. It's obvious that they care about what they're doing.House of FlavOr could become a larger enterprise, and maybe one day even a chain. I'll be back, that's for sure.Hmmmm.....I just re-read this review. Maybe I've got a little hip hop in me after all, cuz clearly I like BIG BUTS.
2	Yeah boy, if this place was on the Las Vegas Strip,it would be fine but it's not. Its in area were you have Popeye's and KFC which both have a much better product at lower price. I ordered what was a basically a 4 piece chicken with 2 sides. The chicken was a overcooked and under seasoned, the sides fries were fine but the mac and cheese was salty. The price was 12.96 which include at drink but at this price I expected much more-yeah boy. Shocking it closed
1	We just went today and they said they only had wings and drums so I ordered the Semi Hungery ($7.99) and my husband ordered the Hungry ($11.99). I am really wondering about the rave reviews for this chicken and can only account for it being, people who have never had good chicken. It was greasy and there was no exceptional flavor to it just salt and pepper and it was very greasy (I fry my home chicken better than this stuff). The macaroni and cheese was just macaroni with a cheese sauce on it, the fries were good but how hard is it to fry fries? Can't rate the other sides since we were told they were working on the cole slaw. For the price I expected better. I was also really upset that they told us they had wings and drums and upon driving off didn't realize until too late that they gave us only drums (look out for that bait and switch). I really wanted to be supportive too of a black business but if Flava Flav doesn't get in there and make sure they are cooking that chicken right, this business will close with a swiftness like his other place did. To be fair I'll check Yelp again and I might give it a try again, I will improve my opinion only if that chicken improves.Also where were the red velvet waffles???
2	Oops, I did it again, got caught in the hype I followed the crowd. Flavor fav underestimated his popularity or the power of yelp whatever it was this place wasn't ready to serve the masses, more than an hour of  wait for two pieces of chicken is ridiculous. I ordered breast which they were out of so I settled for what they had. When I was asked to pick two sides from Mac & cheese, fries or Cole slaw I opted for the Cole slaw only to be told they were out of it. ( dear cashier, if you get to pick two choices out of three, and you are out of one item, then there are no choices) Corn bread? We're out. Smile? We're out! We're out! But that's understandable the situation was very frustrating and hard to keep a smile, some people got tired of waiting and asked for their money back. I had already waited 30 minutes, what's a couple minutes more.10 min 20 min...30 minutes more.Finally they called my name, woohoo! my turn to pick up the chicken!   " Leo!!? Would you mind chicken wings? or would you rather wait few more minutes?" ( few minutes = one hour) no, I'll take what you got.        At this point I'll take anything... I took my wings and flew outta there.  Got home, changed my clothes, (I smelled like I had spent an hour in a kitchen frying chicken), and tried the much coveted piece of fried chicken..........(=.=).........  KFC, I will never astray or cheat on you again! It was not worth the hour wait, as a matter of fact it was not worth the first ten minutes of waiting, maybe I was expecting too much, maybe I had raised my expectations too high, so high that the wings did not take me there. I'm sure flavor flav will get better once they get their sh*t together.... and then maybe not, I'll never find out, all I know is that because of his popularity, time is on his side ( or on his neck) to fix things up, but for now if you looking for flavor, you will not find it here. Flavor has just left the building.                      Sorry, the review doesn't end with a Yeaaah Boyyyye!
1	Overpriced... Overcooked... out of cole slaw... out of corn bread and oh yeah.. I had to take wings because they were out of chicken?  I got the 8 piece meal and it smelled rancid.  So bad my husband wouldn't let me eat it and threw it all out.. I ate one piece ( a thigh ) and the meat was dry and the skin was oozing grease. (Sure signs that the grease was not hot enough when the chicken was cooked.)  So sad.. I really looked forward to it. C'est la vie..
1	Decided to try this spot out..i mean, why not? Flavor Flav opened it! Well lets start out with yes, the menu is very limited. I heard the cashier say that they are going to add on to the menu in the future. It is what i expected it to look like for a small take out chicken joint. It could of had some more fun Flavor Flav customizations to make it look better..but it is what it is. Now on to my gripes - The menu is over priced and to top it off, the chicken wasn't even worth it! My bf and I paid $15 for an 8 piece and it was so freakin salty! Like so damn salty, i don't even know what to compare it to! I guess if you just swallowed a tablespoon of salt....it was just THAT salty. Like OMG! Even eating it with ketchup and hot sauce didn't help! I had 1 piece and that was all the salt i could endure. I just feel sorry for my boyfriend who had to eat the other 7 pieces. In the end..i am really disappointed. I thought it would be a banging chicken joint, but for me it wasn't. I will stick to KFC or Popeyes, or Harold's Chicken Shack, if that is still open. HCS is more worth it for the price than this place.
3	The food wasn't horrible...but the wait was.  Waiting 45 minutes for 4 pieces of Chicken felt wrong. Tastes like something I could've made at home but because it was Flava Flav why not try it once. Thanks for the book and the memory. Ohhhhh and the Chicken was seasoned VERY well ....now clean that grease.
2	The chicken was good. All pieces were moist and the breading stayed on instead of all coming off in one piece. The actual meat on the chicken was pretty skimpy though. They must buy there chickens from the skinny, baby chicken farm. The shrimp was cooked well, but the batter was flavorless. Fries were cold, coleslaw was good, mac and cheese needed to have a cheesier flavor and be warmer (but I enjoyed the addition of pepper to it), and the sweet potatoes were good but had way TOO MUCH nutmeg (again, should have been warmer, as well). They were out of lemonade, and since I can't have caffeine, my only available option was tap water. Anyone from Vegas knows that is the last thing you want to drink.I give this place 2 stars, because there are just as good, if not better places to go for fried chicken all over town. You'll get better sides somewhere else, and you won't get dirty looks from the neighboring stores/restaurant as you head into Flavor Flav's House of Flavor.
1	Are you kidding me, this food was atrocious, no wonder it went out of business in Idaho!  Save your money, and your time.  Go to KFC order their chicken and their macaroni and cheese it is on an even level of taste and flavor.
3	I decided to check this place out now that the hype died down a bit. No lines were to be seen on a Saturday afternoon lunch stop, but there was still a bit of crowd inside waiting for their food.-The chicken: pretty delicious. It didn't absolutely blow my mind, but I enjoyed it more than the standard fast food fare. I noticed that they had waffles as well as shimp on the menu. Might have to drop by again to give those a taste.-The staff: No Flava Flav sighting during my visit, but the kitchen was well staffed with chicken continuously frying like clockwork.-The wait: For an order of the semi-hungry meal (2 pcs, 2 sides, 1 drink), the wait for it was maybe 15-20 minutes. Yeah, it was a bit longer than I expected, but I was in no rush to get anywhere. Plus, I got to see everything made fresh in front of me during my wait.Will I come back? Probably. The food was good, but not exciting enough for me to make mental notes for multiple visits in the future. If I'm in the area and in the mood for some crispy fried goodness, I'll definitely make the stop.
1	I was so upset about how horrible the chicken was that I had to yelp it immediately.  I don't give 1 stars very often but for this, this overpriced, dry as hell, anorexic, fried chicken, I have to give it 1 star.  Walmart, Smiths, and Albertsons chicken would make you happier than this place.This is what i get for riding the hype.
1	Chicken was dry and salty!!!!!!!!!!!!!! There is nothing else to say. I can't beleive people give this place five stars. They must be drunk!!!!!!!!!
2	I was soooo looking forward to coming here. I even dragged my friend and his grandson here to share the experience. But when we arrived, I looked at the sparse counter with 4 styrofoam containers of who-knows-what sitting in the display case. I looked at the 4 parties in front of us who had obviously ordered and were growing weary from waiting. And... I saw a small tray of fried chicken under a heat lamp and one cook looking frazzled.Cute menu board posted on the wall. But... I wasn't going to become one of those poor souls starving and rubbing my eyes as I waited 45 minutes for a couple pieces of chicken.Suggestion: get more help and make the waiting area more comfortable.
1	I felt robbed! Not only was the chicken super salty but I paid $15 for  a two piece over cooked plate with super salty mac n cheese and DRY chicken breasts, a 4 piece strip meal that the fires tasted the best. I had the greens as a second side on the 2 piece meal and it was ok, but tasted like it was from a can. I was soooo disappointed! After all that I realized I should have received a drink with my 2 piece meal. For the wait and the quality of food I was better off doing it myself or going to Church's. At least I know that I would have received my drink and really needed the handful of napkins for my fingers...Sorry Flav....but either it was the wrong time of day or some people dont have taste buds. My blood pressure was off the charts after your food and it was from more than the salt additve I ingested. Dont buy into the hype folks. I was really suprised after looking at some of the photos posted of their meals because my meal didnt look nothing like what was posted. Dry overcooked and salty I cant say it enough.
2	Yeahhhh booooiiiii, this place wasn't worth the hype and the price. Honestly for the price you pay for small portions, you're better off getting a complete meal at Smiths and you would be enjoy the same exact meal for a whole lot cheaper and more flavor. Now don't get me wrong, the chicken had flavor but here were my issues with my experience:1) Always fresh chicken so you have to wait anywhere from 15-45 mins. Um seemed like I got the chicken from the previous day. That sucker was so dry I thought I was gnawing on a dog bone. So please explain to me why I waited so long for dried up chicken bones?2) Purchased 8 pcs to find the smallest pieces of chicken ever. Um are these special chickens that need to be priced that much? Looks like they paid the cheapest price from their distributor and got midget chickens to overcharge the avg consumer. 3) Asked the cashier about side portion sizes and thought we were getting a good deal for two regular size sides. Come to find out, we paid to have sides that fit in your avg Styrofoam container. Seriously? The cashier had no idea what she was talking about! How was this seriously going to serve 2 people? Psshh4) I swear they purchased their Mac & Cheese from Smith's deli, it taste exactly the same.5) Staff - I'm sorry but I felt like I was on some hidden camera show. Please don't ask them to explain the nondescript menu as they will give you attitude and ask what you don't understand about the menu. Also, it's always reassuring when you have your management staff talking about deals gone bad and next time they see *****, there's going to be trouble. Is this for real? Am I getting Punk'd? Where's Ashton Kutcher hiding? Think of it as the movie Friday meets Waiting.So was it worth the hype? Nahhh boiiii. I rather spend that much at Smith's or Albertson's knowing that the food and service is better.
1	I hardly know where to start!  What a disaster.  We got there when it opened...a little after 11 am .  We had orders from our friends for side orders that were posted on their website but not available in the store.  They had very limited side orders and not even any chicken wings!  We heard the cook in the back say that they were almost out of waffle mix so he would have to stretch it... and this is when the place opened!  After waiting nearly 40 minutes, we finally got our food.  FYI... the fried chicken is nothing special and if you want grilled chicken, you are out of luck.  The sides were all unacceptable.  The coleslaw was watery and tasteless, the mac and cheese was dry, mushy, and tasteless, the potato salad was definitely not homemade, the fries were soggy, and worst of all, the red velvet waffles were nothing more than a regular waffle with added red food color for $3.00 extra.  The place itself was less than charming with a big puddle of water on the floor where the patrons wait..... and wait, and wait.  The girl at the counter was pleasant but not only did she take the orders and handle the money, she dished up food without gloves after she had just handled the money.  Did I mention that it was much more expensive than other comparable places??  All in all, a really BAD experience.  I think that Flavor Flav should stick to a business he is familiar with!
4	Really good fried chicken , Yeahhh Boyyy in a positive way. If you have never waited 15-20 minutes for takeout fried chicken in your life (like I have in the South), then you haven't had good chicken yet. On my initial visit today, I sauntered inside about 2pm to purposley miss the crowds and it worked to perfection, except that they were out of the Greens. Guy at the cashier was helpful about side choices and always kept the customers who were waiting informed that the chicken was almost ready.  (I was the first of six orders who walked in after me). Twenty minutes of staring out the window later, my 2 piece (all white - 2 Breasts ($1.50 extra) arrived, along with my sides of Sweet Potato Fries and Potato salad and a roll. Potato salad had a great flavor (relish maybe?) and the Fries could have been crisper, but they were thick cut, with a bold taste and kinda different than the usual matchstick variety. Roll was just a dinner roll.Ok, the Fried Chicken won't crack my top 5, but I was impressed by the crust and nice size breasts offered. Personally, I don't mind if it's a bit dry, so I was actually able to ert this whoile thing without using a fork and very little to no grease. Easy to bite and tear, this chicken lives up to the pomp and circumstances.       Oh there was no flavor flav loop on the TV either and not as many clocks as I would have liked to see.
1	don't believe the hype! the service sucked, the mac and cheese is straight out of a 50 cent Kraft box. this place  is about chicken and that was the worst thing about this place. it was under cooked and greasy. also how about posting a menu on the wall not a flyer taped to the counter, and that is the only flyer you have. KFC is awesome compared to this place.
3	So went there with my co worker for lunch despite some bad reviews. But surprisingly it was pretty good. I got the fried chicken with collard greens, mac n cheese, and a roll with a soda for like $8 and some change. Chicken was very fresh and crunchy pretty darn good! The sides were really good, except the rolls look like they were bought from the grocery store, i would have preferred some good cornbread! and didnt notice a soda machine! looked like 2 liters of soda in the fridge for filling a drink! cuz our sodas were flat!! NOT COOL! at the least have a soda machine!! Come onnnn FLAV!!!! But all in all good experience, def in a ghetto area near a dumpster lol so def take your food and run in that area haha!! I want to try the Velvet waffles next!
2	After a night on the strip I was starving and the hotel gave me the number to the House of Flavor. I was really excited, because I really wanted to try the food anyways while on my vacation to Las Vegas. I put in my order for delivery. FYI, there is a $20 minimum for delivery, which was fine with me. I ordered my food and the guy on the phone said it'd be 45 minutes...I said that was no problem. I was happy they could deliver, since it was really, really late. I waited 45 minutes, and after an hour, no food. I called the restaurant and was told again that they only had the 1 driver and she had 2 other orders ahead of me and she'd be there in 5 minutes. I continued to wait and it was somewhere between 1 and a half hours and 1 hour and 45 minutes after placing my order that the food was finally delivered. At this point, I was exhausted, so I didn't even get to enjoy the food right away...which was fine, because it was cold by then and I didn't have access to the microwave.The red velvet waffles lacked flavor...the only thing red velvet about them was the color. They even seemed a bit dry, but of course, I didn't get to enjoy them while they were fresh. I'll have to go back when I can and try the food again...I feel like I can't give a fair review because I didn't get to enjoy the food when it was fresh and warm.If I hadn't of enjoyed so much liquor, I would have just went there, but I had to have it delivered, so from my experience--beware the delivery. It was DESPERATELY lacking.
2	My co worker and I were starving the other day and heard that this place had really good fried chicken, so we were inclined to give it a shot. We ordered:-Fried shrimp semi hungry meal with potato salad, mac n cheese, and dr. pepper $9.99-Fried chicken mini meal with mac n cheese, coleslaw, and a dr. pepper $6.99-$7.99The shrimp tasted terrible. For a place called house of flavor, I was missing it in the breading of those little guys. Also the shrimp was really close to being undercooked. The texture was really off and i just stopped eating it after the third piece. They also did not have any sauce for the shrimp and were out of ranch (wth?!). The mac n cheese was the BEST part of the meal. It was cooked perfectly, tasted well, and had bacon pieces in it. Yum! The potato salad and coleslaw were just average, comparable to what you can buy at Albertson's or WinCo. My co worker had the same flavor issue with her chicken. It lacked a whole lot. We grew up around all of the dishes served here and knew how they should tasted and were just disappointed. We were expecting some down home Southern style fried goods so good that'd it made you wanna slap somebody. I was still hungry since all I really ate was 3 flavorless semi undercooked shrimp and a scoop of mac n cheese, so I went somewhere else.Overall, it's just not worth it to go here for sub par food marketed under the name "Flava Flav".
2	There were still feathers on one piece of chicken.  Need I say more?
3	Stopped by to use my groupon and had no problem using it. There was no line and about 5 people in front of me waiting for orders. The cashier told me it would be about a 35 min. wait for the waffles. I waited since I wasn't in a rush. People complained about the wait. One lady said she had driven across town and they had waited 45 min. she requested her money back. Another guy said he had gotten there at 130 and at 245 he was just leaving. Finally my order was ready, the waffles were good although they only had red velvet. The chicken was seasoned good but you can tell it sat for awhile because it was hard. The staff were really nice and worked hard. I may go back in a few months once they get a few kinks worked out.
3	The only reason I give this spot 3 stars are because of the Chicken, customer service wasn't great and no where to sit, waffle machine was broke and they were out of everything.  In addition to that I had to find out about other choices on the menu from looking at the other customers orders who had been waiting for 15 or more minutes.  This could be a much better place if it was managed better.
2	I purchased the Groupon for Flavor Flav's about a month ago and finally got a chance to come by and try them out. I had heard from previous reviewers that the wait for chicken was quite long, so I thought I'd be extra smart and place my order over the phone in advance. We put our order in about 40 minutes before arriving at the restaurant. My fella called in and had the store on speaker while he ordered so I heard both sides of the conversation. He ordered the chicken and told them we would be by in about 30-40 minutes to pick up our order and that we had a Groupon to redeem. The girl on the phone kept saying "ok, ok" and even took down my fella's name, never once indicating they might have a problem having our order ready when we get there. 40 minutes later, we arrive at Flavor Flav's and tell the guy at the counter that we put in a phone order and that we had a Groupon. The guy then referred us to the girl behind the counter who I assume is the one who took our phone order. She explained that they have had problems with people ordering over the phone in the past with a Groupon and showing up and not actually having a Groupon to redeem that they refuse to start cooking orders for customers with Groupons until customers show up. I can understand this as a problem, but I don't really understand why she couldn't have explained any of this to us over the phone when we put our order in. There were several other customers who had this precise problem that walked in after us and they were quite peeved as well. We put in our order at the counter and 45 frustrating minutes later we received our chicken and waffles (minus the red velvet, since they were out of batter). By this time, my fella was quite thirsty and asked for something to drink. They offered us a free two liter for our trouble and to be fair the staff was quite friendly to all that were waiting for their chicken, giving us updates as to how much longer we would have to wait and offering us beverages while we stood around. They could avoid all hostility with customers if they just explained their stance on phone orders in advance instead of having people come all the way in only to find out they have to order again in person and wait.The food was really good, probably 4 stars if I was rating the food alone. The chicken was perfectly cooked and the waffles were probably my favorite thing we had. I only wish they had given us more than one small container of syrup for the three large waffles.
3	Came here 15 minutes before closing and only had to wait 10 minutes for the chicken to cook.  This place is really small.  The pictures don't lie.  The chicken was pretty good although it's probably only good when its served hot and fresh.  It is a little on the salty side as some reviews have pointed out.  I enjoyed the hot sauce alot.  The lady there was really nice and gave us a free 2 liter of soda and 4 extra pieces of chicken bc they were cleaning up and we weren't able to sit at the counter.  They didnt have any of their red velvet pancakes which seems common among these reviews but no worries as I have a 2nd groupon to redeem.Funny thing I read about Flavor Flav's failed restaurant in Clinton, Iowa just a year ago.  Hopefully this location will fare better over time.   This place is decent - take away Flavor Flav and I'm not sure if this place would have much success. 2 stars + 1 star b/c it's Flavor Flav
1	I had no interest of even trying this place out until Groupon had a special. When I get there to cash it in, they tell me that their waffle machine is broken. I really wanted the red velvet waffle dammit!! They offered a large side, so I took the Mac n cheese. It was pretty good..but....The chicken??? It taste like I was eating iodized salt with a crispy skin. Chicken should never be that salty. I will never step foot in that establishment again.
1	Place seriously SUCKS! Now the people serving are sooooo sweet! But the place is small and tacky, but then again we are talking about Flavor Flav here. Everything was just okay, I definitely do no want to go there again.
3	Great chicken, bad service. We came in after placing an order over the phone only to find out they hadn't bothered to prepare any of our food in advance. Two hours after placing phone order we walked out with food and a free bottle of soda for our troubles. If it hadn't been for the fact that we traveled halfway across town for this chicken and we had a Groupon we wouldn't have stayed.
3	Don't waste your time. The chicken is cooked to order and takes 30-40 min. If you try it, call ahead. The chicken was crunchy and juicy but the flavor was not anything to write home about. The red velvet waffles & fries were soggy. I give it 3 stars just because their staff was nice and offered drinks while we waited. I'd rather make the drive out to W Charleston to have chicken & waffles at M&M Soul Food.
2	Overall, this was a bummer.  We used the groupon deal and found it annoying we couldn't call our order in ahead of time.Chicken:-seemed like it had been sitting a while-texture was decent, flavor was lacking, hot sauce helped but shouldn't have toRed velvet waffles: soggy and flavorlessThis place is way out of the way and not worth the trip.  The little counter where you could eat wasn't too welcoming and it was super hot in the restaurant.  I think the chicken would have suffered from a long car ride to be eaten elsewhere.I hope they can turn things around and thrive.
1	Considered giving 2 stars, but then thought better of it and decided to be brutally honest. Let's get to it.Lunchtime, mid-day on a Thursday. Joint had 3 people waiting, so not overly busy. Went in with my Groupon for 8 pieces mixed order and 2 waffles. I ordered two regular waffles since I'm not a Red Velvet fan. I also ordered a regular side of Mac-N-Cheese and a drink. After 25 minutes of waiting, the gal says they need to make fresh waffle batter and it will be another 10 minutes or so. Not like I got a lot of choice in waiting. 2 people ordered after me and left before me, so almost like Groupon orders are slighted anyway. Staff was nice and even gave me a copy of Flav's book for waiting, they were best part of visit.40 minutes after walking in, I am walking out with what should be a fairly simple order and head back to work. Get there to find only 7 pieces of chicken and no Mac-N-Cheese. Waffle was tasty, but nothing special. Chicken has good flavor, but is TOO salty and that overpowers the flavor after a few bites.Overall, poorly managed, mediocre food and OK service. People say it's worth the wait, but that isn't even close to true. I wouldn't go back...or recommend it to anyone. I wouldn't even buy another Groupon. I'd be surprised if it lasts very long here in town at all.
2	I feel like this is a case of a restaurant with great potential but customer service that will ultimately lead to its demise.  The food was surprisingly good...not amazing..but good. The guy running the register was super cordial and very nice. The chick in the back cooking the food? I heard her call her snatch card as soon as we walked in the door. I don't know who pissed in her cheerios or kicked her dog but WOW.....grumpy and rude don't do her justice. She kept telling the guy running the register that she was going to hurt him every time he asked her to make something.  Like we were ruining her day by ordering food. I was half tempted to tell her that if her job was so miserable then she has the right to quit. It's actually sad to see that most of the Yelp reviews take issue with the customer service. The food isn't half bad....this place would be doing a lot better if they had people working in there that didn't clearly hate their lives.
3	The fact that it's take out only is disappointing. The staff is courteous. The food is pretty good. IMO the prices seem a little high.
5	Chicken 5 starsSides 1 starService 3 starsPricey place but the BEST fried chicken I've ever had!
1	First let me say the young lady behind the counter was great!  I'd hire her away if I had a job for her.That being said, DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME!  The food is plain and Flav O Less.I ordered the Fried Chicken Hungry Meal with baked beans and fries. They also gave me a container of hot sauce to go with it.Flav is obviously trying to make a buck off of his name because the food just is not worth it. The fried chicken had very little to no flavor, the baked beans tasted like plain Campbell's baked beans straight from the can and the fries also had no salt and no flavor. As far as the hot sauce went, most likely Tabasco straight out of the bottle.No attempt at being unique or adding taste to anything. Too bad because with a little creativity, the place would be twice as good.
2	Finally used my Groupon today. It was a long trek for me considering the chicken is only mediocre. It seemed that they overcooked the pieces and they were not juicy at all. Taste-wise, as others have said, is a bit salty and lacking flavor. I still prefer Church's or Popeye's. The wait is quite long (30+ mins) as they make everything to order though I was the first customer of the day!  The  mac & cheese is not homemade and comes from an institutional bake-and-serve aluminum pan package (observed them taking it our from the oven).The staff was very courteous, but somewhat inefficient. I noticed that my chicken has been ready for almost 5 minutes and I see them transferring the mac & cheese from the aluminum pans to the holding pan. Why didn't they just package my mac & cheese so I can be on my way?
1	Worst food of my life! I have never written a review on a restaurant, regardless how disappointed I was. However, I am writing this as more of a forewarning than a review. My order: Half a slab of ribs, fried chicken, mac n cheese, and baked beans. My experience, and thoughts of each dish: The ribs: very bland, tough, and no bones. The BBQ sauce my guess would be straight our of a jar of BBQ sauce from the .99 cent store with no additions in flavor being added. I'm not sure where the bones went, as I would give them to my dog, but I guess they remove them for whatever reason. The chicken: absolutely the worst chicken of my life. The chicken tasted liked it was fried in old used grease. Possibly a grease that had been burned at one point and then reused several more times. The chicken was very greasy and was not edible. Literally all of the chicken was thrown in the trash. The mac n cheese: well, it's good but not great and not original. I have eaten enough frozen mac n cheese in my life to know from the very first bite, that it was a mac n cheese that you could buy like Stouffers in the frozen food aisle at the store. The baked beans: okay, now this was a joke. First off, they weren't baked beans, they had a very bland and familiar childhood taste. My guess is that these beans are straight out of a can of pork and beans. Again, they didn't even try to amp up the taste profile. It was like opening a can of pork and beans and eating it out of the can. I actually used my groupon which because I was a new customer I got $10 dollars off, leaving this meal to cost me $7.10, however, even with the special price I overpaid for this food. Now that's just my food review, if we went into the cleanliness of the place, this would go on forever. So, I am not going to do that. Honeslty, I am surprised they are still open, which I guess actually have a few people employed in this economy is the only positive thought I would have about this restaurant. I am giving this place a 1 star rating only because I have to. Save yourself the time, and money, and the ultimate disappointment, as because of the food taste and quality, I forsee this place not lasting to much longer.
2	I went and the waffle machine was broken, this was my 2nd trip as the first one they were closed...So i got it subsitiuted for fries which were not good either. BUT the chicken golden crust looked like it was be tasty. BUT it was not! It had no flavor, where's the flavor flav??? I was told i could come back for the waffles but it would not be worth the drive back over there. Groupon and all, it was a bust!
2	Don't expect to "dine in" at this establishment. The menu sports only two meat items, and on this particular day they were all out of ribs. The sign on the wall reads that they were voted "one of the top 7 celebrity-owned restaurants in America" c'mon now. "Top 7" ?! I might believe Top 3 or 5 or 10 or even 100 even, but what reviewer stops at the arbitrary number of 7!  I declare shenanigans!One word for this place: GHETTO! there is a cd playing loud, obnoxious rap  music fraught with profanity from the wall mounted television. "motherf'n ho you don't know me" is blaring on the homemade mix cd.This place is unsanitary. The cooks both walked in and out of the restaurant several times (why?!) only to come back in and begin cooking food without washing their hands. Flavor? Is this the added FLAVOR you were referring to? Bacteria? Methinks this is NOT OKAY.I take a deep breath as I step outside and pray my take out food doesn't "take me out".I figured out why all the clocks on the wall are missing a battery: the staff doesn't want you to know how long you've been waiting for your food. It took as about 35 minutes to get our order.When we got the food home (8 pieces of fried chicken and 2 red velvet waffles) I must admit it was DELICIOUS! The chicken was perfectly cooked, but a tad on the salty side. The red velvet waffles offer an exciting surprise when you to to the restroom the next day, but I'll let you discover this little treasure for yourself. ;-)Verdict: Ghetto establishment, but great fried chicken and waffles!
1	I bet the guy who wrote that this place was the "diamond chicken place" was high when he ate the chicken. Everything tastes better when you have some help, right?All these reviews are hilarious!Let's be real... it will be a good experience, but don't expect to want seconds.There are so many delicious places to try, this chicken isn't one of them. This place is worth a try if you are trying to get a photo with the rapper himself.
5	Chicken 5 starsSides 1 starService 3 starsPricey place but the BEST fried chicken I've ever had!
1	I'm so happy this place closed down.. This was the nastiest food I ever ate.. Period.. Hands down..
