5	If you ate at Tacos Atoyac before it closed in March, you have met Dan Maldonado. If you have eaten at the new version of Atoyac since it reopened, you may have wondered, "What happened to Dan?" Mucho Macho Taco is Dan's new venture.Of course I was excited to try the new place. I didn't really know what to expect. One thing you should not expect is another Atoyac. You will notice right off the bat that this is a fast casual place, not a hole-in-the-wall. MMT is in a nicer neighborhood, in a nicer building, next door to a French grocery. It is not Oaxacan cuisine like Atoyac. It's not the same food or the same ambiance. I think the only thing the two places have in common is Dan and the horchata.MMT is, much more so than Atoyac, a taco joint. Here, instead of simple, traditional street tacos with one or two ingredients, you have a whole slew (maybe 15) of taco options with more elaborate, less traditional flavor profiles. Brisket tacos with clementines and grilled onions. Bacon tacos with pico de gallo and cream (yes, bacon tacos. It's as delicious as it sounds). Vegetarian tacos, 50/50 (chorizo/beef) tacos, chicken tacos, asado, grilled fish, Baja fried fish, shrimp... These are tacos that pay homage to traditional street tacos, but are modern and creative.This is what a fast casual taco restaurant should be. There are certain aspects of Atoyac that I miss - its fish tacos and non-taco offerings - but if you're specifically looking for awesome tacos, Mucho Macho is far superior.
5	Dan has done it again with his new partner Aaron Miller.  Only have tried 2 items but the 50/50 taco was so flavorful.  Really looking forward to trying out the other items on the menu.  Congrats Dan!
4	The sopapillas were awesome! I tried their fish, shrimp, and pollo asado tacos, as well. The fish taco was ok. The chicken taco was a little dry and tough. But the shrimp taco hit the spot. Great cream sauce with a bit of a kick, too! It's local. It's tasty. It's decently priced. You should check it out.
5	My husband and I found Tacos Atoyac and were big fans. A big part of it was Dan. He remembered us, and he makes the meal and experience. When he left Tacos Atoyac, it wasn't the same for us. Then we heard about Mucho Macho Taco. Walking in, Dan remembered us right off the bat. The food was amazing, and just like the name suggests, it's mucho macho! They did not skimp on the meat, using good quality meats packed with amazing spices. My husband got the carne asada burritos, and bacon taco (yes, BACON!), while I had the roasted turkey mole taco, braised brisket taco, and 50/50 taco. They were amazing, filled with huge chunks of meat! The horchatas were sweet and refreshing. This place is much closer to our house, and we can ride our bikes to it! Apparently, if we ride our bikes we get a free drink! We will definitely be back to devour more of these amazing mucho macho tacos!
3	I loved the turkey mole taco.  Basically it is gourmet street tacos.  At $3 per taco I would of preferred it wrapped better and 2 tortillas opposed to one for the taco. Yanquis right up the street $1 per taco gives me 2 & it's not falling apart when I pick up to eat it.  Also when I bring my $1 taco home it's not all over the box (see pix).  My wait was long I got there about 7:15 & it was packed.  I asked how long they had been open & the cashier said May.  I hadn't noticed the switch till recently but when I talked to one of the owners he mentioned they did their grand opening last week.  I got my 3 tacos at 8pm do the math (wow) which cost me $10 for what you see in the pix.  They where out of peppers at the condiment bar & running low on green salsa.  I asked owner who was running around cleaning everything  & he replied with they where out plus it was almost closing time (remember I got there at 7:15pm); next question what time do you close 9pm .  Overall tacos where good but make sure u place & tie up items before you leave.
4	Love Dan & his tacos. So happy to see himAgain after closing Atoyac. Two words. Fish taco. Ahhh delicious and filling! Just opened up 5 days ago but he should be steadily busy with his following. They are open 7 days a week till 9 PM. Go support a great spot.
5	I have been a fan of Dan's food since the last place he was at.  When word came out that he was going to open a new place, I immediately started daydreaming on how long it would take to open.  I'll be the first to admit that I was very let down by the time it took to open Mucho Macho Taco(MMT).  Well guess what...you can't rush perfection!  First things first, this is not an authentic Mexican restaurant.  MMT is a Mexican fusion restaurant.  The combination of traditional Mexican dishes with a clever injection of culinary magic makes you feel as if you had discovered an extra sense you never knew you had!Horchata...best I have tasted in Phoenix hands down!  Dan found a way to take his original recipe and kick it up a few notches(the dates that top this drink is a great touch).  I challenge my fellow Yelpers to point out a better tasting horchata in the Phoenix area.Skirt Steak Taco...basically a carne asada taco that is so tender and has mastered this taco staple. 50/50 Taco...it is a Skirt Steak Taco mixed with a locally sourced Chorizo that is greaseless and savory.  Crispy Fish Taco...a Baja California favorite that Dan already had down pat!  I am not able to pinpoint what Dan and crew did differently here but they knocked this fish taco out the park.Roasted Turkey Mole Taco...I had a mouth orgasm with this one!  They dominated a perfect smoke flavor along with celery and mole sauce.  I recommend that everyone taste this taco!Braised Brisket Taco...this brisket is tender, moist and flavorful.  The union of the brisket, orange segments and cilantro truly packs a wallop to your taste buds.  Bacon Taco...who will argue that anything with bacon taste bad?  A non-Merican that's who!  This locally sourced bacon tastes heavenly.  Sopapillas...a appetizing dessert you find at most Mexican joints.  MMT has topped theirs off with an authentic cajeta, Mexican chocolate and pecans.  I don't eat flour but had to have a couple pieces of these sopapillas, well worth the stomach cramps!I truly wish Dan and crew much success!  The first weekend that Mucho Macho Taco was open, it already appears that they have a contender for a title fight!
3	This was the second stop on the taco tour with Jon and Amy H. I had been waiting (patiently) for this place to open after the closing of Atoyac and was so excited to try the new place. We arrived around 8 and didn't have to wait in line, so I was happy about that. The husband and I split the brisket, bacon, and fish tacos and an order of sopapillas. The tacos here are more expensive than other taco places... to the point that they really need to be great to be worth it (each taco is at least 3$... that can get steep if you want a whole meal).  As we waited for our food, Dan so nicely offered us some chips on the house... very nice. Unfortunately, the food just wasn't very good. The brisket was bland.... I would not order it again and wouldn't suggest others do either. The meat was tender, but nothing special at all. The bacon taco was also nothing awesome.... it was like bacon overload and no other flavors. I didn't love it either. The sopapillas were maybe the biggest disappointment... they were way overly cinnamon -ed and probably would have tasted better if they were just plain. The redeeming thing? The fish taco. This may even be better than the one at Atoyac. It was super delicious, with very light flaky fish and flavorful sauce. I would come back just for that. This place will probably be better after they have some time to work the kinks out, and I will most likely try it again, but the first taste left something to be desired.
5	Went there last night.  Had been to Tacos Atoyac and were thrilled Dan was opening a restaurant near our house. My husband and I took our young adult son and his friend. We ordered tacos (carne asada, brisket, and bacon) and three burritos.  Everything was excellent.   The chips and salsa was delicious. The girl at the cash register was extremely pleasant and helpful.  A great experience and we'll definitely be back soon! Support a  neighborhood location!!
4	Well worth 4 stars -- 5 star food. 3 star prices & speed. I loved Tacos Atoyac so I was really looking forward to this.The Good - tacos & burritos were outstanding, brisket with caramelized onions & clementine, al pastor and turkey mole were all amazing. Kudos for having wonderful spicy pickled carrots at the salsa bar. YUM!The Not So Good - At about $3 per street taco (2-3x the price of Tacos Atoyac) it's a bit overpriced. Won't stop me from returning, though. Also a bit slow (20 minutes or so between ordering & receiving), but I'll assume they're still working out the opening kinks.Looking forward to going back.
5	Great service, great food. Forgot to add cheese to our burritos and they went above and beyond to fix it for us. We will be back to try the tacos next time. Atmosphere is appropriate for Mexican on the fly, definitely a casual place!
5	Had the skirt steak and 50/50 tacos.  Very tasty.  The horchata (sp?) drink with nuts was delicious. I especially liked the very hot habanero based green salsa.  Plus it's only 5 min from home.  Definitely will come again.
5	Great to see Danny back up and running! It's everything I'd except with a few culinary surprises that were great additions! Simple, fresh and absolutely tasty Mexican food!
5	I've visited mucho macho tacos 2 days in a row now and I'm pleased to report that it's great.The menu isn't as authentic feeling (whatever that means) as perhaps some other restaurants but it looks and feels fresh. Definitely a step up from what you may have experienced before.It's brightly decorated and the service was quick and friendly.The crispy baja fish taco/burrito is excellent, as expected. The papaya slaw that came on the pastor taco was unexpected but really good! The grilled mahi wasn't as good as I hoped but the shrimp tacos were unbelievable. A new favorite for sure!They have a "bang" tap!!The only criticism is that the space is a bit small and it's already a popular place so seating is at a premium. However if you love or work close you can easily get a take out and find your own spot to eat.Oh also the Dodgers suck but not everyone's perfect.I'm happy there's another great taco place in the valley and I'll be a regular.
5	I don't know how it was possible to make a fish taco better than Dan's original joint, but he did it. I doubt I will ever have anything else here...so don't expect a review on anything but the fish tacos...but all I have to say is go here. Get the fish tacos. That's all that needs to be said. Good people. Amazing food. This is the kind of place all you locals need to spread the word about. Wow.
4	My three tacos were solid!After reading all the great reviews, I decided to stop by here after work the other night with the intention of getting tacos for that night's supper and a burrito to reheat for lunch the following day. In theory, it was a great decision.Each of the three tacos I'd selected were awesome. I started with the crispy fish because I wanted to end my meal with the absolute best. Well, I could have eaten three of those fish tacos and been a very happy guy. The fish and shredded toppings worked perfectly together. Next up was the bacon taco. Yes, ladies and gents, they have a taco stuffed with BACON. I'll admit, after I heard they sold bacon tacos this place shot up to #1 on my must-try places. And it didn't disappoint. Simple, yet elegant, with just the right proportion of bacon to tortilla. We shared a sublime moment, that taco and I. But I must admit, the turkey mole taco took the other two tacos down like a kick between the legs. Figuratively. Combining crispy roasted turkey, bacon and pecans with their sweet mole was insanely delightful! It put the other two to shame, sort of. It was that good. So: Dinner was a smash!The following day, I heated up the bean and cheese burrito in the toaster oven at work. While it was a good B&C burrito, I think I'll have to eat one fresh to truly know if it's really good or not. But it filled my belly, and I'll be returning to MMT when my next Mexican craving hits. Which should be soon. And I'll know that this food is meant to be eaten fresh, like all the ingredients already are.
3	I don't understand the draw of this place. The atmosphere is fun and staff are great, but the food just isn't that outstanding. I had three tacos: carne asada (meat was tough), shrimp (tastes like algae), and I can't even remember the third which is a bad sign. Also, the prices are such that you're paying at least $1 per bite. I much prefer Phoenix Burrito House which is a better value and has tastier food! OK, I will say the sopapillas here are delicious. I'll give them that.
3	When The Arizona Republic recently reported on a new taco shop opening up, I was inclined to read more. After dedicating so much real estate to copy and full-color pictures, not to mention a glowing review, I figured this would be one place I'd have to try. Since I live in the East Valley and work in Downtown Phoenix, I figured the best time to go would be during my lunch hour.Travel time to the small shop just past Camelback ate up most of my time, so I got my order to go. Not knowing when I'd be back here, I thought I'd try everything that appealed to me. The review mentioned the Fish Tacos. Those sounded good, but I wanted to try a Torta, so I got 'The Surfer' which is their Fish Taco-inspired sandwich. I say 'inspired' because the ingredients aren't quite the same during transition. Like my relentless quest for the ultimate Chicken Fried Steak, I'm always on the lookout for the 'best' Sonoran Hot Dog, but this wasn't Sonoran. Oh well, close enough. To polish off my meal, I went with the Sopapillas. The Republic had a photo that made them look SO good, drizzled in condensed milk, chocolate and sprinkled with Pecans, it's almost suitable for framing.The result? The hot dog was good, not great. It was on an everyday hot dog bun, not some steamed warm bread that you could find at other places. Simply put, I've had better hot dogs served by an old lady with a cart and a picnic table in a parking lot.The Torta was good. The contents were tasty and fresh. The bread was less Torta bread and more Ciabatta. Those of you who've had authentic Mexican Tortas know the difference between a Torta and a sandwich. Need I say more?That brings us to the Sopapillas. Remember, I got these to go, so I didn't have time to inspect before leaving. First off, no pecans. Secondly, they were a tad overcooked. Thirdly, well, let's just say 'smothered' isn't the adjective I'd use to describe them in relation to the sauce. The reigning champion of the best dessert in Phoenix has to stay with the Churros of the Barrio Cafe in Phoenix.So that's it. Some may not like my review. Some may disagree with me solely on the basis that I went to a taco place and didn't have a taco. Whatever. Will I go back? Yeah, probably ... if I'm ever in the neighborhood. It sure beats a '----berto's' any day.
5	Great tacos! Had the shrimp, fish, 50/50, brisket, and pollo. All were awesome! Too many to choose from, will be back to finish the menu soon!
2	I wanted to love this place so much. It's around the corner from my place and was super excited to hear of its opening. Went in today right at 5. It was hard to miss all of the employees in the restaurant,  and equally hard to miss how messy the salsa bar and drink station were. Surely one of the employees could wipe the counters?  The best thing I ordered was a side of beans. Beans. My turkey mole taco was ok. But the pastor taco had no flavor. Both tacos needed salt. I'm so sad that the food wasn't better. Not sure if I will try again.
4	How I love me some street tacos! And Mucho Macho Tacos sure does have them! We came here for lunch on a Friday afternoon after hearing that it had recently opened. I've been to Tacos Atoyac before so I was excited about this place opening seeing Atoyac closed. Mucho Macho is definitely a lot cleaner than Atoyac. It also seams to have more tables inside but there isn't a patio like the old location. I can see when It gets busy finding room might be tough but lucky for us we were able to find seating right away. We ordered a few different tacos and a carne quesadilla. I'm a huge fan of street tacos and all of there were really good. We ordered the crispy fish tacos, pastor, and carne. I loved the pastor taco so much! Next time I think I'll just order a bunch of them! Carne was. A close second and I did enjoy the fish but I'd probably stick to pastor and carne next time. I enjoyed the quesadilla but my wife actually thought the meat was a little tough. Overall I had a great experience. For 4 tacos and a quesadilla total was right around $15 for the both of us. We had a lot of food and paired with chips and great salas you really couldn't beat the prices.  I'll forsure be back!
5	Um YES!! We tried quite a few different items-- chicken, shrimp, mahi mahi, and bacon tacos. Of those the mahi was the best. We also got the veggie burrito which was surprisingly the highlight of the meal. Absolutely amazing. The only thing that I recommend improving is the corn tortilla which fell apart. Mucho Macho Taco is a great addition to the neighborhood!
5	It's dangerous living near by...Love the friendly staff, they make you laugh. The comfortable atmosphere. And most of all the creative & well prepared tacos!!
4	Baja Fish Taco. Try it. Love it. Crave it nightly. Also try their veggie tacos. They have this awesome green guacamole salsa that you should put on everything.
2	The staff is very friendly.  The tacos are extremely small, and over priced.  About one dollar per bite.  The owners previous restaurant served the same product for less than half the price.  Food quality is  very average.
3	Mucho Macho Taco is a small fast casual Taco Shop. You place your order at the counter and they run your food to you. You come here for tacos as I didn't notice them offer side dishes of rice or beans. The ceiling is decorated with bags hanging like flags with interesting graphics. Some of the bags are from Beans but many are from Medical Marijuana. ????We shared a variety of tacos and ALL OF THEM WERE ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS! But the day I was here they had a really bad batch of tortillas. I was only here once and I don't know if their tacos always fall apart or not. All five tacos that we tried ALL FELL APART and we had to eat them with forks.The Grilled Maui Maui Taco had a delicious wood fired taste to it. It was so good they should turn it into some kind of dinner platter. The fried fish taco was tasty and the brisket was prepared well and had supreme orange segments in it that was interesting and different. The chicken had a similar fired taste like the grilled Maui Maui. My husband liked the 50/50 best.Pricing is very reasonable I think you can get three delicious tacos for around ten dollars and bottles of water are only one dollar. Parking might be difficult because this is a small stripmall with only so many parking spots.Great tasting Tacos but I have reservations about the soggy falling apart tortillas I received so I don't feel they are worthy of four stars to me. I think someone on Medical Marijuana made the tortillas.
5	Most amazing Horchata ever.  Plus, the pastor and braised brisket tacos are amazingly unique like none other.  I highly recommend this new, hip, reasonably priced taco joint.
3	Cool little build-out and decor. Tried 6 different tacos, chips & salsa (no drinks) which came out to $23. Tacos were good but not great and really small. Literally 3 regular bites. We were very excited to try this spot out as we'd been to his old place and this one is walking distance to our house. However, considering the price I just can't justify making it a regular stop of refer to a friend. Arrived excited, left wanting more and to pay less... :(
3	As a huge fan of Dan Maldonado's Tacos Atoyac, I was very excited to see him open a new shop. So today I tried Mucho Macho Taco and came away very disappointed. Parking is definitely an issue here. If you're not lucky enough to snag one of the few spots then you can park across the street at Sylvia's as their lot is semi-empty (for good reason).I tried the bacon, braised brisket, and crispy fish tacos and a side of super tots. Why haven't I had a bacon taco before?!?!? It was wonderful with thick crispy and chewy chunks of bacon. The brisket taco was good but runny. The fish taco was a huge disappointment. I'm not sure if it's the same farm-raised basa that Dan used at Atoyac, but the fish in my taco was overcooked, small, and flavorless. And it had shredded yellow cheese on it? I love cheese but not on my fish taco please.I also got a side of the super tots. Who doesn't love tater tots? These were very greasy and had a little shredded cheese and maybe a tablespoon of pico on the top. Will not order those again.I will definitely go back to try other things. I like that they have a self-serve soda fountain, salsa bar, and you actually get chips now. Big pluses. I sincerely want my next rating to be 5 stars. Dan is such a nice guy. I hope my experience today will be the exception and not the rule.
5	This place sucks. The tacos were too good. The staff were too friendly. The salsas were too fresh. Try the brisket. The baja was on point so was the 50/50. Cause tacos that's why.
5	When Tacos Atoyac announced their closure back in March of 2014, I thought it was some sick twisted April Fools joke. April 2nd came and went, still no news. However Tacos Atoyac reopened (under a new and hardly pronounceable name) but it wasn't quite the same without Dan. Fast Forward and Dan has returned, this time bringing fresh and adventurous tastes along with some old favorites. I was happily greeted by the bearded man himself as I walked in, and gave the menu a quick run through. Dan knew my usual, now called the 50/50 (Carne Asada combined with Chorizo), and assured me that not only did it come in a taco but also in a burrito. My mouth was already watering. So I promptly ordered a 50/50 burrito along with a Bacon taco (yeah...bacon...meat candy) and a Brisket taco. Chips were then handed to me while I waited for my feast, I walked over to the salsa bar and grabbed some dark red salsa, which had an amazing smokiness to it, and the avocado creama which is light and fresh. When the food came, it looked great and the portions were bigger than Dan's previous restaurant. I first took a bite into the Bacon taco...and then immediately devoured it. I could probably eat a dozen of them in one sitting. The brisket taco was next. The meat was tender and flavorful, the sliced oranges and cilantro really tied it all together. The 50/50 was the highlight of the meal. Both the Carne and Chorizo were far beyond flavorful, I compared eating this burrito to that of a spiritual experience. Hands down Mucho Macho blows Tacos Whatever out of the water. This is my new "got to" and is the home of the best tacos in Phoenix. Get down here!
4	What a nice addition to the neighborhood, located right next to the French Grocery, Mucho Macho is the product of one of the founders of the now-defunct Tacos Atoyac. I stopped in for some takeout and got a carne asada burrito, the chicken quesadilla, chips and salsa, and an horchata. Everything was very fresh and tasty, and at a reasonable price (around $20 total). Will definitely be coming back here, especially for take out.
4	I'm a big fan of Gourmet Tacos and this place has both a swell selection and some really tasty options. They even have Burritos and many other Mexican favorites.Been to Dan's older location before it closed and today came in here to check out his new tacos. This is always a great way to try out the fillings and definitely gave me the excuse to go Taco Crazy.Just order at the counter and get some Frees Chips. They have a cool Salsa Bar with a nice assortment choices. You can even request their Spicy Habanero Salsa that they had stashed away on my last visit.Ordered the 50/50, the Pastor, Braised Brisket, Crispy Fish and the Grilled Mahi. They were all very delicious and I could have easily eaten several more. Really loved how tender the meats were and how they combined and layered the flavors.The tacos are pretty small and about a buck a bite. So order several of them to get filled up. Would like to see a tortilla that does not fall apart like mine did. Maybe a little more time on the griddle to crisp it up?Can't wait to come back and try out some of their other items on the menu. This place is rather small inside and it can get very busy during the lunch rush. Saw several people getting their orders to go and they were happy to dash out in a hurry.Located right next to the French market with a parking lot that can be a bit of a challenge. Ended up in the north lot by the cleaners and turned my front wheels so they couldn't tow me away. SIMPLEMENTE DELICIOSO!4.25 STARS
5	I've been here twice so far, and in that time I have consumed their bean and cheese burrito, their grilled veggie burrito, their brisket burrito, and the fish tacos.  I'm a fatty, deal with it.  All food items were super tasty, and their salsas were great as well, cool people, and a cozy interior, hard to beat.  So far, the grilled veggie burrito is my favorite, definitely nom worthy.
5	Go for the green sauce.  No trip is complete without horchata.  Not too sure if Dan does "off the menu" items yet.  I shall find out next trip.
5	Excellent food and reasonably priced! Had the flank steak and chicken tacos - loved it!
5	I give the Machos a 5-star because they make simple, good tacos. Salsa bar is great, especially the hot sauce and the carrots. Place is clean and friendly.Maybe grill or light fry the tortillas so they don't crumble, but this only happened to 1 of 3 tacos, so what do I know!Also, make you register offer tip options. We like you that mucho!Boom!
4	A friend of mine turned me on to Tacos Atoyac...and one day we forgot it was closed on Mondays, so we went here to the Tacos Atoyac Alumni joint...its every bit as good if not better.  If you want a fish taco like no other...this would be the place to go.  Not kidding.  This is a small place.  Mucho Macho tacos uses the freshest ingredients skillfully and delivers big flavors.  Check out the special salsa in the refrigerator below the salsa bar...totally worth it.  Its almost like the secret stash.  Don't miss this place but get there early, its an old, Circle K location that features 3 tenants and it isn't 'long' on parking spaces.
4	great concept, location, cool dudes, solid cuisine. only regret was seemingly high salt content, but I will return nonetheless!
5	Where Gourmet meets Taco but tastes amazing!!!! Chef Dan has really outdone himself this time. The combinations are unique and tasty. Can't get enough of this place. Wish there was one in the west valley. Go for the shrimp or brisket...my favorite!
3	Even though the name of this restaurant has mucho in their name, there is nothing mucho about their tacos. The lady who was cashiering told me they were "a little bit bigger than street tacos" which was a lie. They charge $2.95 PER TACO when they should be charging $1.95 because of the quality and size. Not worth it. We got the Baja fish which was pretty decent and had a little heat (which I guess made up for their very mild salsa bar AKA not one salsa was hot period) and the Pollo Asado which was just ok. Their pico de gallo brought in the most flavor with the chicken being bland. We also got a carne asada burrito and split that and the 2 tacos (because we didn't want to pay another $2.95 for another "not a street taco" taco). The meat on the burrito was overcooked and the cook did not cut it apart meaning as I was chewing and swallowing it, pieces would still be stuck in the part that I was still chewing and I would gag. Personally, I say take your money to Joyride Taco House. Their tacos are twice the size for around the same price and their food is 1,000 times better than this place could ever hope to be.
4	Pretty good food! Had the "surfer"Fish torta it was pretty dang good. Definitely check out for yourself.
4	Great tacos. I had 2 fish and a side of chips and salsa. They are street taco sized but filling nonetheless. Super friendly folks at the counter. I'd go again.
4	I've driven by this place quite a few times while on 7th ave and decided to give it a try today after my hike. I ordered the 'Surfer' torta and my friend had the steak and shrimp tacos. I have to say that everything was delicious.  The torta was definitely tasty. And the service was just as good. I've found a new taco spot and I'll definitely be hitting it up again soon.
5	So glad to find the previous partner of Tacos Atoyac here. I'm not so sure about the macho part, but this place is mucho excellent. Tacos for meat eaters and vegetarians (Veggie + Hummus Taco - yes please). The bean burrito rocks and the horchata is excellent. They even have cheesy tater-tots - a serious WIN in my book. If you are in central phoenix or north-central, check this place out.
5	I regularly get my dry cleaning done next-door and occasionally stop in at French Grocery for a snack, but I had never gotten around to stopping into Mucho Macho Taco until yesterday when I needed something to turn my day around after a botched attempt at holiday shopping. This was a fantastic choice - I picked up two of the 50/50 tacos to go (carne asada and chorizo, plus queso fresco and pico), and I spent the rest of the day telling anyone who would listen how great they were. The staff is very friendly too, and the service was really quick for my take-out order. Parking at this shopping center can be a little challenging, but I bet you could park pointing towards the street at the shopping center on the other side of Missouri and be fine with a 2-minute walk (most of that would be waiting on the traffic light). I had previously been bemoaning the absence of a certain Texas-based taco chain here in Phoenix, and what I've now realized is that fantastic tacos are already here and waiting on me to discover/enjoy them!  :)
5	We were so excited to have the guy from Tacos Atoyac open a restaurant in a location that is more convenient to us. The fish tacos and burritos are of course amazing. My husband who supposedly doesn't like fish tacos even thinks they are good. I also like anything with the chorizo, and the Pastor is very tasty. We have only gotten take out so far, but it has been fast and affordable.
2	Mucho Macho Taco - so the Macho comes from using 5" tortillas instead of 3" for their street tacos. Personally I think they should have spent more time making food with Mucho flavor instead of worrying about tortilla sizes. Mucho lacking here at Mucho Macho Taco. I went for lunch and after looking at the menu went with the brisket burrito, with green chillies, carmelized  onions and oranges.... Uh no oranges please. The green chillies were not New Mexico Hatch green chillies but instead food distributor canned green chillies. Carmelized onions, diced and slightly cooked does not equal carmelized. While the brisket was decent I am quite doubtful it was slow cooked out back for 10 hours- most likely off the Shamrock or Sysco truck as well. While there is a salsa bar at Mucho Macho I did not care for any of the salsa options. The "hot" salsa which kind of looks like roasted salsa is nothing more than red pepper flakes and oil. Funny, I never use oil when making salsa. The mild was simply blended canned tomatoes and lacked flavor, the green which I am guessing was supposed to be an avocado whipped salsa had decent texture but also lacked flavor. There was no pico salsa available - WTH?? So in closing, the location is clean, simple decor, and the guys are nice but I will not be going back here at anytime as it significantly falls short of hundreds of other Mexican restaurants in the valley.
5	What can I say... I LOVE tacos! And these definitely do not disappoint. The tacos are huge! I mean MUCHO MACHO huge! I ordered 6 thinking they were small basic tacos and I was wrong. They are packed with flavor and each one has its own flair. I really liked the Pastor (sweet and flavorful with green papaya) they even have sriracha here too! The 50/50 was perfect, great combo of flavors with the pico and queso fresco. A great ( and clean ) place by another local owner! Wish I had more room to try dessert, I also had a fresh batch of Horchata topped with pecans (sooo good and refreshing) . Dan and his staff are super friendly and want to make sure you enjoy your dining experience. If you are in the downtown/uptown area this is def a great taco spot.
3	Tried this place out. Decor is basic. Service really good. Super friendly. Food? Like how the tacos are a bit unique. Oranges in my brisket taco? That caught me off guard. But loved it! Grilled fish taco or fried? We tried them both and vote for fried with an outstanding sauce. Bacon tacos? Yes please! (Did not know about that but will get it next time.) Bean and cheese burrito? My daughter's comfort food, however not a fan of Mucho's beans. She will not be back. But i will! Mucho more tacos in my future!
5	Absolutely thrilled!!I litterally work like a 3 minute walk from here and me and a coworker had been dying to try this but always seemed to be extremely busy especially on Fridays, I mean its a tiny parking lot space so it already has no room.Fast forward to this part Monday. we finally decide to go. BEST DECISION EVER. I had 2 tacos, 1 shrimp and 1 bacon (YES BACON!!) and a large horchata.my co worker had a carne asada torta and an horchata aswell..we had a sopapillas for desert. everything was delicious!! 5 Stars! meat was perfect. THE SALSA OH MY! the best. Make sure to ask for chips to go with your salsa. you wont regret it!Customer Serivce also gets a 5 stars.
5	I really loved this tiny little taco shop. The salsa was among the best and freshest I have ever had! I enjoyed their fish tacos and the price was a huge surprise. The tacos were full of fresh delicious ingredients and you could add additional items at the salsa bar. Come here hungry, BYOB and you will leave with change in your pocket. They have a briskly take out business too. I only wish they had a location in North Phoenix, I should buy a franchise....
3	Taco are the new fad of Cen Pho, I can name a burrito full of new tacos places with out thinking too hard. The same is true with Macho Mach taco as the rest. Two tacos are a bit small for a meal but at roughly $3 each a third would make it a bit pricey.Out meal included a few chips however I do not think this was standard, if it were and unlimited it may make up for the lack smaller main course.The Fish burrito was decent a bit heavy on the cheese, despite other great reviews of the burrito it was nothing special. The grilled veggie burrito is one truly unique item here as it even has humus in it.  I did appreciate the salsa bar however more chips to enjoy it with were lacking.Overall decent place but don't go out of your way to get here.
4	Cute hole in the wall. The best kind of place. Great tacos (had the grilled fish, yum!). And nice staff, Sam was the sweetest!  Also The French Grocery is next door so you can stop and grab some bread for dinner. It's a two-fer! ;)
