3	We went to Primanti Brothers while visiting Pittsburgh this past weekend. My sister-in-law recommended this place and we went for lunch. I ordered the chicken breast sandwich with cheese, fries, and coleslaw in it. Yes....the fries and coleslaw were IN the sandwich! I also ordered a sweet tea.That was my first experience with coleslaw made with vinegar. That was really weird! I have to say, the vinegar overpowered everything else. After a few bites, I had to wipe off the coleslaw. The sandwich was much better without it. The chicken breast was very good. The sweet tea was better than the tea we have in CA, but it was not as good as the sweet tea in Atlanta.I liked the big portion...even though it was a heart-attack on a plate. I'd go back again the next time I'm in town. (Overall grade: B-)
2	As a native Pittsburgher it breaks my heart to write this, but Primanti Bros has gone way down hill.  I think they have been featured too many times on the Travel Channel or the Food Network, maybe they are beginning to believe their own hype.  I enjoyed these sandwiches when I lived grew up in Pittsburgh, so I was quite eager to share this experience with my friends a few weeks ago.  They had never been to Pittsburgh, so this was going to be their first taste of a local favorite.  The food:  Bread was stale, major disappointment.  The meat was non-existant, we ordered Kielbosa, Double Egg, Angus Beef and the Pittsburgher.  I am not a salt user, ever, but I had to load on the salt to get any flavor out of my sandwich.  The portions were still decent size, but who wants cold fries, tasteless meat and stale bread.  Side Items:  The appetizers were still good, but fried food is pretty hard to mess up.Cost:  Price was pretty reasonable, but the food was mediocre.Ambiance - the original location is still the best, the chains are okay, but the food is lacking more so in the franchise locations.
3	Primanti's is what it is, a place to take out-of-towners to give them a taste of Pittsburgh food. I'm not impressed with most of their food (the fries have no flavor whatsoever!), but the chili is very good - spicy and tasty. There's nothing special about this location, but at least it's connected to the bar around front, so you can eat your food there and watch the game or socialize.
3	We went here after the wedding rehearsal/out of towners dinner ended to get some drunk food. It was chaotic, the women's room was out of order, and apparently in the men's room there was an entire soap dispenser thrown in the toilet. Needless to say, no women visited the facilities.
1	Hands down the worst service I've ever had at a restaurant.My friend and I were in town for the weekend, so we had to hit up Primanti's. I lived in the 'burgh for about three years, and have had it before (from the dahn-tahn location) but my friend hadn't.We came in at 1pm on a Sunday, certainly not busy at all. We sat at a table by the bar for about 15 minutes being ignored until we got fed up and sat at the bar instead. My friend and I ordered a sandwich each and I asked for no cole slaw. Seeing as how I'm pretty sure that these sandwiches are not pre-made, I didn't think it was a big deal. The waitress stared blankly at the ceiling and replied "I'll see what I can do." Eventually, our food got there and it was okay, not the greatness I had built up to my friend.It took about 20 minutes for the waitress to bring the tab after asking for it (I almost thought about committing my first dine and ditch out of mercy). We had to flag down a different waitress to take our money. For the first time in my life, I left no tip.
3	A Pittsburgh staple. Just try one. It is everything you know you shouldn't eat all on one sandwich. Although I can't say I would hands down eat one at any chance I could, its one of those things you must check off your bucket list.
4	Primanti Bros is not for anyone on a diet. You can't hold the high calorie count against a place like this. This is a legend to anyone who is somewhat familiar with the greater Pittsburgh area. I usually don't go to this particular location on Carson but after a little directional miss-hap we ended up here. It's really quite nice and Carson Street is an up-and-coming area of the city. Overall, I thought this particular location was quite charming but my favorite location is still the original downtown. :-)
4	"Hi! One Pastrami sandwich please. The way it comes, yes. It can pay my bills, walk my dog, do my laundry & change my oil for me can't it?"The classic primanti brothers sandwich is the Wunderkid, the Ubermensch of American sandwiches. There's nothing else like it in the world. And, the Carson Street location is cozy & very Southside to me (being a newb to the area). Be sure to order it however they want to give it to you. I mean, d'you come all this way to Pittsburgh (or, if in Pittsburgh...d'you go through that hellish traffic) to say, "please leave the fries on the side?" Come on now...live a little. And, really, this sandie is cheap! Man, Pittsburgh proves again it knows how to roll. There should just be a doctor on every corner across from Primantis...just in case...and it'll keep folks coming back for more b/c they'll have the security the doc is right there!
4	I'm surprised this location only has a handful of reviews, as it's right on the main drag of Southside. Now that I think about it, that's a perfectly logical explanation for there being only a few reviews, as I'm sure most patrons of this location don't recall the exact flavors and textures of their sandwich...Anyway, I'd heard great things about this place, so my friend and I started our night in Pittsburgh with a 22oz Yeungling and splitting the cheese steak and the pastrami. If you've read any of my previous reviews, you may notice I love pastrami sandwiches, but I must say that I was underwhelmed by the offering at Primanti Brothers. There were only two slices of pastrami! The sandwich was dominated by fries and slaw, which for me took away from the experience of a pastrami sandwich. The cheese steak was much better. The meat was sliced thick and had a great flavor, and the texture just seemed to be more balanced than the pastrami. My friend and I split each sandwich and both agreed that the cheese steak took the proverbial cake.You don't come here for the service, but it was pretty meh. Our waitress forgot to put in our order for a side of fries, even though I reminded her twice. However, she not only brought us a side of cheese sauce for free, but she forgot to charge us! Sometimes bad service pays off. Anyway, we were out the door for about 10 bucks a pop including tip, which in my mind is a bargain for a famous sandwich and a 22oz brew. The restaurant definitely has character, so if you're looking for a late dinner/early drink on Carson, I'd recommend.
5	I'm a Pittsburgher that moved to California. This is alittle piece of home, my comfort food. Everytime I come back, this is a must stop. This is a meet up spot for me when I am back in the burgh. Luckily, I don't live close. I'd def gain a few. HA!There are so many good memories at this location. Late night eats off of Carson Street with friends during college and highschool. My bf worked at the Route 51 location. Everytime he wears his old tee shirt with a giant sandwich on it  while hiking... I want to kill him. I feel like I'm chasing a giant sandwich!!Hands down Primantis is a Pittsburgh tradition. I love the roast beef and I like to throw some hot sauce on it! :)This place takes me back to simplier times. Alittle Iron City, some amazing sandwiches (with fries piled ontop) and the Steelers.
4	I'll be visiting Pittsburgh for Thanksgiving.  I can not wait.  Primanti Bros will be my first stop!  I love this location with all hipster looking people and laid back atmosphere.  The sandwiches are so good with the coleslaw and fries...It's junk food heaven.  And yes I can definitely appreciate some junk food.  I'll be there soon, until then...hugs&kisses.
4	After seeing Primanti Bros on Man versus Food, I had to go there. Driving through Pittsburgh with a broken Tom Tom GPS system I eventually got to Primanti Bros a long time after I had set out.First impressions are that the restaurant is run down and needs a refurb. The staff are friendly, large screen tv in the back where I can only imagine is on 24/7 with the local sport. Bathrooms could be cleaner, the physical appearance needs work.Now, down to the real part. I ordered the Black Angus Steak sandwich which an extra side of fries. The fries are tasty, amazing when covered in salt and vinegar but thats only the padding around the main reason you go to Primantis. If you are going there, you are going to taste their sandwiches.The bread is so soft and fresh it makes the sandwich taste so much better than most sandwichs you will ever eat. The sandwich is piled high with fries, coleslaw and Angus steak. Whats not to like?For $6.79 this is one of the best sandwishes you will ever get. Compare that to Hannahs Bretzel in downtown Chicago where you pay $10 for an average sandwich and you know you are onto a winner with Primantis.If in Pittsburgh, go to Priumanti Bros.
3	As a cap to my "tour of Pittsburgh," why not hit up one more of the area's famous eateries? I know Primanti Brothers is a chain, but it's still great and there's definitely a reason it's so well-known. The "unique" concept of the French fries INSIDE the sandwich is pretty cool - It supposedly originated because they used to sell their sandwiches to a lot of truckers (again, we're eating at a "trucker venue," see: "JoJo's") who could only use one hand to eat as they drove. Most people would be repulsed at the concept, but it all actually works pretty well together.The South Side location is convenient to get to, but it was a bit grimy and unkempt. The service, however, was friendly and the prices are awesome - Something like $9 for a big, fresh sandwich. I chose the sandwich with roast chicken (which also has fries, lettuce and tomato between the Italian bread slices) and it was great... Satisfying and definitely something different. They have lots of choices (I think the one with eggs is the most popular), so there's certainly something for whatever suits your mood. The wait for our food wasn't long and there are a scattering of tables and chairs to eat at, though it seems a lot of people take it to go. This is definitely another "unique" Pittsburgh experience and one worth seeking out. Since it's a chain in the area, you've got your choices of locations too.
4	YUM YUM YUM!!! Fries, slaw, all on bread with meat doused with ketchup, malt vinegar and hot sauce...you CAN'T go wrong...PERIOD!!! LOVED IT! It was crowded as it was a Saturday and there was a Steelers game. The front was crowded and we went to the back part of the restaurant. The sandwiches are HUGE! We split one and were plenty FULL!!! If in Pittsburgh, you have to indulge in the local cuisine!
3	This location is a little dingier then others, but the taste is all the same.
4	I love this place because with everyone I talked to, they were like "Oh yeah, you gotta go there!" or "No way, echhhh! It's not worth it at all!"Polarizing. That is the stuff I want. And I loved the sandwich; A heap of meat, covered with damn good fries and a dry, vinegary cole slaw inside soft, thick slices of bread. The formula is seen in other places around the country, and is even what brought about the hamburger itself: the working man wanted it all in a portable pouch that wouldn't get their hands too dirty. Come to Binghamton for spiedies or Jersey for a ripper, potatoes and peppers in a b read pocket. There are others around the country - all regional and either adored or misunderstood by locals. Yes, I would say this is a must-visit in Pittsburgh. And because there are so many around the city, you probably won't have to make a special visit to experience it.
3	After all of the hype and a long trip from Cincinnati, I was fairly disappointed in the food. I got the Pittsburgh-er (spelling?) which apparently is the #2 best seller. My brother informed me that Yuengling or beer in general is the #1 best seller. And at the price I am not surprised! A 23 oz Yuengling was only about $2.35 or so!We walked through the main entrance through the bar and into the back. It is interesting when people smoke in bars in other states since it is illegal in Ohio (I don't agree or disagree with it). I am glad that the restaurant portion of the place was smoke free. Bars I can deal with, but not restaurants.The food was relatively bland, but increased dramatically when I dipped it in ketchup. I may try to get hot sauce on it next time to add some flavor. I don't really see what is so special about the sandwich. I mean, I am sure restaurants around the country have put coleslaw and french fries on top of a burger without being inspired by Primanti Bros. I favor Skyline (a Cincinnati chain) more than Primanti Bros. and I favor Hudepohl Amber Lager more than Yuengling (don't get me wrong, I did enjoy Yuengling very much). And I know you could say it is because I am from Cincinnati and my bias shows, but I will admit I loved the city of Pittsburgh when I was there.My boss (who is from Pittsburgh) said the original Primanti Bros. in "the Strip" is better. I don't know if it actually is better, or if he was just saying that so that I would not dislike one of his hometown favorites. I will try the one in the Strip when I go back next time.
3	We were told that a visit to PIttsburgh was not complete without a trip to Primanti Bros. We tried to head to 3 different locations in downtown and the lines were out the door and around the corner. Luckily we found this location in a small neighborhood with locals instead of tourist. When we walked in we got lucky as a table just opened up. We sat down and were quickly greeted for our drink orders. The server came back for our food order and then it all headed down hill. She mixed up our order with another table and told me she would bring my sandwich shortly. Well that turned in to asking her twice and waiting over 30 minutes for a sandwich. By the time I got my food everyone else was finished and I was STARVING. She also forgot our cheese fries and took forever to take the bill. I am glad we tried this place out, but their sandwich's were not that great and the service sucked. Sorry Primanti Bro's we tried.
4	Was here four years ago and was very excited to go back a few days ago.  Yes.  It's a touristy thing--fries and cole slaw ON the sandwich?!  I wish it was the standard, and not so much novelty.The corned beef was great (I just wish there was more), got a fried egg on it, and I was very content.  The bread was great, the cole slaw was tangy, the fries were a little soggy for my taste but they work great on the sandwich.I'd be back.  Next year, in Pittsburgh.
2	Service wasn't the best, and the messy-ness around the kitchen was a turn-off. Went to Pitt for a week-end and everyone recommended Primanti sandwiches. So I was soo looking forward to the meal. It took 45 minutes to get the sandwiches, the server screwed up everyone's order and wasn't apologetic when they forget to serve us our fries. I had the Pastrami and Cheese and my wife had the pittsburgher cheese steak. Not a fan of the slaw in the sandwich and our whole table (4 of us) wished we ate somewhere else. I would of rated higher if the service wasn't as bad. But overall not a memorable sandwich and will not recommend to others. Sorry Everyone!
4	If you're from Pittsburgh, Primanti's goes hand-in-hand with Heinz ketchup and the Mon Incline! The history of Primanti's has always fascinated me as well - the steel workers would put everything plus their sides (fries and coleslaw) on their sandwich to save time at lunch and get back to work. Good thing they did and now we all enjoy it today - whether it be for lunch, dinner, during sporting games, or at 3am after you've been out with your friends! Saturday night after a friends birthday party, we stopped at the one on 18th and Carson in the South Side. This one is more of a counter style location - you're in and out and eating on the sidewalk, in your car, or back at your apartment. There are some tables but not many. Starting at about 1:30am there is a line out the door and down the sidewalk. The cheese fries I had on Saturday night were delicious!
4	If you visit Pittsburgh, you must have a Primanti Bros sandwich just for the experience.  The menu is short, just order what you like and when it comes, don't think and DON'T ask for a fork and knife - just pick up the damn sandwich and eat!  Yes, slaw and fries will be falling out from between that fresh bread, but what makes it to you mouth is awesome.BTW, if you visit the Cigar Bar location on the southside and you're wondering what to do for the rest of the day/weekend, just ask Casey.  She's a bubbling fountain of info on where to go and what to do!
5	I always eat here anytime I get a chance.  It is always really really good.  Any sandwich you get is good.  They go well with a beer too.  If you didnt know the sando comes w fries and slaw on it!
3	Pretty good.  I would like to have seen more meat on the sandwich and a better choice of bread.  But then again, that's fast food for you!
4	When I saw that the sandwhich came with potatoes and cole slaw I assumed that meant on the side.  I was suprised to find when my sandwich arrived that really meant french fries and slaw on the sandwich.  It was even more surprising to find that the combination of fresh delicious pastrami, tomatoes, cole claw and french fries between 2 large slices of french bread could be so pleasantly mouth watering.  Good job Primanti Bros!  I like your unique style.
4	While living in Pittsburgh, I ate at many Primanti's, but this was my neighborhood location. Wife and I used to go there to watch games, or just hang out at the bar. Super awesome staff, hella cheap beer, great food....just wish they'd ban smoking inside.
1	This place is great if you like mediocre food and cigar smoke in your face while you eat. Seriously, what a hype job. I much rather have a media noche or a Cuban Sandwich in a cafeteria in Hialeah, FL. The cole slaw and the fries had NO taste whatsoever. The steak and cheese? A frozen Salisbury steak not unlike anything you'd find in the frozen foods section of your local grocery store. The cheese? We still have a search party going. They can't find it.For real, save your time, money and taste buds. Subway is a much better alternative. That is all.
3	Don't expect anything great and you won't be dissapointed.I got a bunch of appetizers that were on par with Applebee's.There famous for putting french fries on their heros, I don't get it,It's not that great of an idea, its kind of stupid to me!!
2	Really, Pittsburgh? The Primanti bros cheeseteak is the best sandwich in the world? Didn't make me very happy. The freezer-burned soggy fries, bland bread, and gross hamburger patty just didn't cut it. It would be wise to skip this place.Might be worth a stop for $2.50 big beers - anytime. That's a keeper.
4	Where is the foodie culture in Pittsburgh? It's always surprising how few registered users there are in the city...With that said, as a Pittsburgh native Primanti's is in the blood of the City. Sure, it may not be culinary glory, and it probably will give you an early heart attack, and it isn't  going to be the best-tasting sandwich you've had. But going to Primanti's is not about having "the best food ever," but rather the Pittsburgh experience (hanging around natives, understanding the working-class roots of the town, and of course ordering the Second-best seller). And hey, the cheese-steak really isn't bad for what it is, and pretty unique with the slaw on! Though you may need to douse it with hot sauce or ketchup for extra flavor!
4	Not the original, but just as good.  Service is a bit better here, and the food is just as good.  Big bar in the front with tons of TVs.  Bunch of lower quality (but cheap) beers  on tap, you can smoke in the front room.  When it's crowded, head straight for the back bar, nab a stool there, and watch them churn out hundreds of sandwiches.
5	Three words: nom nom nom! ...What more can you say about a place that puts french fries and coleslaw INSIDE your kielbasa sandwich ... and a place that you are usually eating at (read: scarfing down entire bites whole at) around 2 AM on weekend nights.  I'll note though that I've eaten here sober and loved it just as much. The first time I had Primanti's I didn't understand the whole fries-in-your-sandwich hype.... more carbs inbetween bread slices? But I've honestly realized after eating there multiple times that ... well, two things: 1) it's delicious with the coleslaw & ketchup, and 2) I'm a total shameless fat-kid (at heart, thankfully not in real life.. although if I continue to love Primanti's as much as I do now, it could be in real life soon as well).
4	You can't have a successful bar crawl in the South Side without a late night stop at Primanti Brothers to soak up the alcohol.Cole slaw, thick potato fries, and the meat of your choice on fresh baked Italian bread. All my heart could desire at 2:00AM!I frequently visit this Primanti Brothers location, and love the classic Pittsburgh sandwiches they serve.  People aren't going to culinary school to make their sandwiches, but for an awesome, "blue collar" sandwich that will satisfy your hunger and taste buds these are simply amazing.This local restaurant is everything you'd expect from a Primanti Brothers, and anticipate that I'll be stopping in to visit on my next great Pittsburgh adventure.
1	Just not good at all.I dig Primanti's.  I dig the tradition, that they are the local food of Pittsburgh (aka my city away from my city), I get that surly is the attitude the wait staff is supposed to have, I totally get it, and as I said I dig it.I am not sure the people at this location get it however.Miserable is the only word I would use to describe the staff.  There were maybe 10 tables packed waiting for food, and the staff must've thought that meant it was ok to take 45 minutes to make our sandwiches.  In 45 minutes I literally could've gone in the back, made them, brought them out, ate them, and then perhaps got 2nds.  Also when the waitress brought our food out, she was holding the sandwiches in a stack against her shirt, so all our food was getting all over her, and she didn't seem to care.  I guess a tray would've been too easy.It also feels as if this location is more bar than restaurant, which is cool, and also what Carson St is mostly about anyways, so it should fit in.  Just don't call it Primanti's then.And when the OG in the strip has a line around the corner, and I am with a couple of people who haven't had a Primanti's and want to experience it for the 1st time, this is the nearest option, their reactions said it all... "Never again."  And I totally get that as well.Check the original in the strip, if it is super packed, skip it and save it for another time.  This place will ruin it for you.Plenty of other places in the Burgh to eat and eat well at.
3	I went to the Primanti's on South Side for lunch on a Monday.  I actually wasn't planning on going to South Side, but I got lost navigating through Oakland and ended up on a bridge.  Typical Clevelander trying to navigate the burgh. Figuring that I had to at least try this Pittsburgh tradition before leaving town, I stopped by.Service was prompt and on cue.  I ordered the cheese combo sandwich which was two slices of thick white break containing a mound of cole-slaw, large-cut fries and melted cheese.  The sandwich was ridiculously large as expected and very filling, though became kind of overwhelming after a few bites.  The taste was good, but nothing to write home about in my honest opinion.  I personally find that the large amount of coleslaw kind of overpowers the sandwich.  The bread got soggy pretty quick and became less appetizing by the minute.  Who knows, maybe you'll enjoy it?  Give it a shot if you haven't experienced it before.  Just wasn't quite for me.
3	I will most likely get slain to a cross for this, but I am not a huge fan of Primanti's. I like it's appeal, though. Tag words may include but are not limited to: Drunk, hungry, work men, sloppy, and a Piksburgh tradition. The fries are outstanding and fresh, as well as the Italian bread they put the sandwiches on (which is distributed from a local bakery), and the pastrami is juicy and delicious. I never really loved the coleslaw thing, and you could probably order it without, but I wouldn't suggest it... My tastebuds just never adapted to it. It's convenient. Parking is usually not hard to find, depending on which location you're at. I personally prefer the Southside location. You can always order a beer here! It's also relatively inexpensive. Give it a try! Ya might like it.
2	What do you mean Santa Claus isn't real?  Mommy?  Daddy?!That's kind of the feeling I have now about the Food Network.  Not every restaurant they rave about on TV is amazing??  Mommy?  Mistake #1:  I made and ass out of umed.  I figured the "Cheese Steak" sandwich was just a cool shortened title for the almighty Philly.  I thought it was odd how I said, "I'll have the Philly" and the bartender said, "The Cheese Steak?"  and actually waited for me to confirm.  My friend and I both got the Cheese Steak sandwich.  The price was right and you'd think if it's the "#2 best seller" you can't go wrong.  Therein lies...Mistake #2:  Bestsellers are not always the best tasting.  Or maybe the gap between #1 and #2 is just really big.  After the first few bites, I felt like an idiot.  The only thing in the sandwich that had any real flavor was the cole slaw, and even that was so-so.  The meat was a flavorless beef patty, and the texture was disappointing.  Like microwaved leftovers.  I had to drowned the thing in hot sauce to finish it.  I love the concept, I really wanted to like my food.  In fact, I acted like I was enjoying it.  It wasn't until later that day that I expressed my disappointment to my friend.  He was quick to agree.  It sat heavy in my stomach for the rest of the day.  And not in a good way.We had one day in Pittsburgh.  I did see other great looking eats on Yelp, but we played it safe.  I don't regret it.  And if I had a few weeks there, I'd probably give 'em a second chance.  Maybe someday.
3	Pittsburgher Cheesesteak, the number 2 best seller one would think  would be amazing....This was a place my husband found and thought since it is a Pittsburgh institution with locations all over the city it must be good.Coming in to the bar area they sent us to the back right away since the bar is smoking and not for kids.The back not so nice.I was over it and the man got the cheesesteak for $9 and if you see the picture once he unwrapped it was like WTF?Not very large or innovative, the steak a burger like patty, sure it had fries, cheese and coleslaw (my fav part of the sandwich, tasted more sauerkraut like) but overall just not as stellar as hoped.Service is fast, atmosphere kind of dingy, not really worth the stop or the money.
3	Let's face it.  Those of us not from Pittsburgh come here because we saw it on TV.  It's the novelty of it--doesn't really matter if the food is good or not.  For those who are interested, I'll give you my impression of the sandwich.The sandwiches are okay.  It's the experience of eating a sandwich that has fries and slaw on it that's cool.  If you were to remove the fries (like most people are forced to do given it's size), you have a sandwich that's pretty average.  I had the pastrami and cheese.  Not a whole lot of meat means the flavor of even this spicier selection was overwhelmed by the taste of potatoes.  The slaw adds a nice crunchy bite.  The bread is totally forgettable.  It adds no flavor or texture of its own and is there merely to hold the contents together.This location is not great for lunch.  It shares space with a much larger cigar bar that relegates the lunch area to a cramped space in the rear.  Go downtown to the one on Market Sq or the original in the Strip District to get the full experience.
4	If you're visiting Pittsburgh, the sandwiches here are a must! Order whatever sandwich you want and they throw they're signature cole slaw and fries on their sandwich to compliment the tasty italian bread and meat of choice. As a consumer of food usually in the New York/ New Jersey area, my taste pallet is hard to please! But the cole slaw here is unrivaled (and I'm generally not a big fan of cole slaw) and I can't wait to come back here!
5	It's not just the sandwhich, it's the experience people!  As Steeler fans, my family came all the way from LA to catch a game, and of course. . . A Primanti Bros. sandwhich.  We visited the location at The Strip and it was amazing!  We went there on the first night we arrived, close to midnight.  Guy behind the counter was conservatively friendly- very Pittsburgh.  I'm a vegetarian so I ordered a meatless sandwhich but went heavy on cheese and ketchup, Heinz of course.  It was crazy good, especially when it's chased down by a Yuengling. Love the city, love the people, love the Primantis.  Bread might even be better than San Francisco's!  What?!
2	It was ooooookkkkkaaaaayyyy....The sandwiches were HUGE!!!!!!!!!!There were some unexpected fries in mine...
2	At the suggestion of a friend, I tried this place. For less than $8 (including tax and tip), I tried the classic sandwich, which is beef (cut like you would for cheesesteak), fries, and coleslaw all in one sandwich. Aside from the flavor of the coleslaw, the sandwich was tasteless. The fries weren't seasoned, the coleslaw was good, and the meat was bland. Coming from Texas, I do expect beef to be somewhat salted and peppered. In addition, the normal grocery store bread couldn't hold the sandwich altogether, so as you ate, the sandwich fell apart. Although the sandwich was ready in less than five minutes (guess it's not cooked to order), I won't return!
1	I honestly get sick everytime I eat at this place. I don't understand why everyone think it is so good! I got the steak and cheese. First off, it comes on a cold piece of sliced french bread which falls apart so easily. the steak isn't shredded but rather a piece like a hamburger and there is coleslaw on it which is terrrible and the fries on the sandwhich is cold. the only good thing were the fries which were hot and delicious.
2	Can Pittsburgh get a new "iconic" food item please?  I come here once in a blue moon to introduce an unsuspecting visitor to this regional specialty, aka soggy bread with limp fries and wilted lettuce.  Bland and mushy and messy.  Given that they proudly sell Primanti t-shirts at the airport, I guess this place won't be going away any time soon.
4	I don't care what anybody says. I love Primanti's. My last dying wish may be a sammie from here. Haters wanna hate, riiiiight?I usually go with the roast beef or kielbasa. I don't know what it was tonight, but the stars aligned and that kielbasa was grilled to perfection. Pile on the crispy fries, that sweet vinegary coleslaw AND cheese and I'm a happy lady.  It's honestly the only sandwich I don't feel weird about eating white bread. I think it's those thick cuts of Italian bread that seal the deal. The only complaint I have for this location is that it's smokey. The bar next door allows smoking, but it smells like stale smoke on the restaurant side. Also, it could be cleaned up maybe a little bit inside. I guess the "dirty" appearance gives it some charm?? I guess?? Whatever, I'll be the one sitting at a dirty table shoving the the sammie in my mouth...
3	I was told I had to go here. Steak sandwich was just OK at best (I'm not a fan of their cole slaw) after hot sauce and ketchup. They had 24 oz Yuenglings for next to nothing, which is enough for me, as I can only get Lagers when I head out east.
1	Wow. Can a sandwich be any worse? During a visit to Pittsburgh, everyone we talked to said we HAD to go there. Most of us ordered the steak sandwich. Now, I wasn't expecting a Philly cheese, nor was I expecting a New York strip. I had been told what this sandwich was. So when the "sandwich" arrived with the gray meat product covered in soggy frozen fries and bitter slaw, I tried it they way they served it. To say it has no flavor is an insult to flavor. It was bland, nada, nothing. So a few of us tried ketchup or hot sauce. I gave up after two bites and threw mine away. It was that bad. Only saving grace for me was the cold Yuengling in my hand. This place sucks. I had one person tell me it was an acquired taste. No, it's not. There is no taste to acquire. It's just bad late night drunk food. Maybe if it had been 1 am and I was ready to sleep in the gutter it would have been palatable. Sorry Pittsburgh, love the town, but that's the worst  local joint I've ever been to.
2	To be quite honest... I was expecting a lot better from a place that has such a fine reputation within the city.  I ordered the #2 best seller, the Cheesesteak and I really wasn't impressed. Believe me I wanted it to be quite yummy and it really did look amazing, except the taste was just not there.  The slaw dominated the sandwich and the patty itself had no flavor whatsoever.The people there were friendly and the chili cheese fries did really save the experience and kept me from giving this place 1 star.  I would love to try some of the other sandwiches sometime, but sadly for my first time, I was a little disappointed.
3	The food was good, though not spectacular.The service was friendly though not ecstatic nor enthusiastic.The atmosphere was exactly what you would expect from a deli like this.
3	Only came here for drinks, but even as I looked around, I didn't think the food looked extremely tasty. It just looks like your normal bar food -- burgers and sandwiches and wraps.
4	I would actually give this place a 3.5, but I couldn't bare giving it only 3 stars. Maybe because it's such a "Pittsburgh" restaurant. A must try once type of deal. You have to order the #2 most sold item. The cheesesteak. It was quite good. Really good. Why 3.5 and not a 4 or 5? One I wish it was hot, maybe it's not suppose to come out? Not totally sure. Also was a little dry. Which for a cheesesteak is kind of shocking. Though great, not over the top. Though it could have been because they were quite busy and only a couple girls on the floor. Must have been an unsuspecting rush. Which I don't care. Perhaps why the food wasn't hot. Understandable. Service was the nice, quick and to the point. Would I go back? Damn right I would.
3	Everyone says, "you have to have a Pramanti Brothers sandwich". Been there, done that, now time to move on. I understand it is a fun sandwich with fries and coleslaw included. But it still lacked that thing you like in sandwiches... flavor. It wasn't extremely tasteful and the staff wasn't extremely helpful or friendly. The place was located in a nice area and had a nice steel town vibe to it. But the food was just average. I was expecting a signature sandwich to taste better.. like a New Orleans muffellata.
2	OK...let me preface this by saying I too was swayed by Adam swooning over a sandwich on Man Vs. Food...I think he nearly passed out from pleasure. So, when my family and I found ourselves in downtown Pittsburgh, hungry as heck, passing this famous restaurant, I said "OMG, there's that place with the fries on the sandwich!!"  Wifey said 'why not' and son/man-child mumbled something incoherent about 'hungry'.We were seated quickly (large wood booth...we aren't the slimmest family), since the place was mostly empty.  No menu? OHHH...it's one of those places where you just look up on the chalkboard. COOL!!I had the Cheesesteak, wifey had the roast beef something or other, and my son/man-child had the kid's cheeseburger. Cokes all around.  No need to order sides of fries or coleslaw, CUZ IT COMES ON THE SANDWICH!! How cool is that?  I regaled my family with my knowledge... "they created this sandwich so truckers could eat the thing with one hand..."  Wifey rolled her eyes and returned to her texting, and son/man-child kept playing his Nintendo 3DS.  Hmmm...maybe I'll keep my knowledge to myself for a while.  Looked around: Cool paintings/graphics on the walls, sports icons from SteelTown, USA, etc... Long counter with your typical customers doing typical things..Food arrives in about 15 minutes...Not bad...ready to chow down!!! Smells great!!!And...Umm... a bunch of coleslaw slid out of my sandwich into my lap.  Wifey complained her fries were soggy as h*ll. "should I send it back? are they supposed to soak up the coleslaw liquid?"  ManChild ate his cheeseburger in about 3 bites and looked at me in anger, with that "I told you I wanted to go to Taco Bell" accusatory stare...What can I say?  I was duped.  The sandwiches are flavorless... the fries, had they been crispy, would have been good, but they soak up the coleslaw liquid...so they are mushy.  Coleslaw has a TON of vineger, so if you don't like that style (I prefer the mayo-based) you probably won't like it.  Interesting concept, but I have no idea why this is Pittsburgh's famous sandwich.Too bad... Adam steered me right in Philly for a cheesesteak, and in Chicago for pizza, and Detroit for a coney dog, but this was a big miss. Pittsburgh needs a new 'must have.'Side note: I was not allowed to choose restaurants the rest of the trip.  Thanks Adam!!  :-P
4	Primanti's taste  better drunk then it does when sober and is a great greasy gut busting way to prevent hangovers.I had my beer goggles  on and while in my drunken haze I feasted upon immaculate cheese fries and Cajun rub wings. That meal sobered me right up!
4	I LOVE THE PRIMANTI BROTHERS! And this is coming from a person who is not a fan of sandwiches. Been here about 3 times for lunch during my 3 week stay in Pittsburgh. The Pitts-burger was amazeballs! I was told that it was better with eggs included but I actually prefer it sans eggs.  I tried the Capicola & Cheese as well which was also pretty good but the Pitts-burger was just remarkably delicious!
4	This was my first time at Primanti Bros but it wasn't my first sandwich like this. We have a place in Ohio called Paninis and it also has a sandwich with fries and coleslaw on it. I can say with great certainty that this sandwich was so much better than Paninis. There are so many different sandwiches to choose from! I had the hot sausage with cheese and an egg....yum. It was in no way greasy like other big sandwiches. The coleslaw was so flavorful and falling out of the bread there was so much. Definitely filled me up. Also it was really awesome to see a place in Pittsburgh that sold Great Lakes Christmas Ale. Seeing something familiar from your home state, especially beer, is a nice surprise. Hearing someone from Pittsburgh order it? Even cooler!
4	Big ass Sandwiches and very tasty. The cold slaw is delicious and made with no mayo. I do recommend. Great staff! Just add some more meat to sandwich and it gets 5 stars.
4	Friendly bartenders early on Friday night. Great food deals for under $5 if you stick w the fry combos and under $9 for the sandwiches. Tasty for sure, try it!
1	Filth. If you like this stuff, you have the palette of a pig and you should be fed in a trough.The standards met here are so incredibly low, it literally qualifies as "I'm so hungry I'll eat anything". And at Primantis, that's what you get -- a sandwich that tastes and feels like it was dipped in a toilet before you got it. Just the thought is sickening.I've had drunk food in State College, Philadelphia, parts of Jersey, parts of North Carolina, Atlanta and Orlando and I've never had worse than Primanti Bros. They do nothing right.
1	This place was recommended by a friend and Pittsburgh native. It was horrible! Obviously I'd never been there when I asked for a menu and duh! it's on the wall. Got a beer, made a decision, waited 10 minutes to order. Placed my order for a double egg and side of fries. Food came out quickly. Fries were cold and soggy. Sandwich was horrible. In part bc it was not what I expected. I took one bite and pushed it away. Bartender never asked how I was doing,could she get me anything. I finally out my credit card out for payment. She processed it and then asked if I'd like a box. I laughed out loud, said "no" and left.
1	Ew. Food was cheap and bland.  (bread was like wonder bread hiding as a roll, cheese was cheap and barely melted, meat was flavorless)  Not what I was expecting.
3	This place is great for cheap beer. I have to be in a special mood for their food since it's focused on their sandwiches. Their famous sandwiches are good, but that's about it.
2	This could possibly be the worst location for a Primanti.  From the moment we walked in, until the moment that the food we ordered arrived, I was totally at a loss of words.Granted it was busy when we arrived, but the serviced lacked so horribly that I thought about leaving without retrieving our food.  I ended up getting the usual and my friend just wanted an order of fries.  As the minutes grew on and the shoves became more and more obvious because people were trying to get closer to the bar my temper started to rise.When the food finally was ready I asked for it to go at this point.  I was happiest when I was finally walking out the door, away from this crowded spot.
4	Finally after years of having no reason to ever go to Pittsburgh, a reason comes up and I make it to a Primanti Brothers. This location is on the south side on Carson which is a long street loaded with shops, bars etc. Parking was easy with a cheap paid lot almost next door. I had the capicola with cheese which was suggested by the bartender and it was real good. They use a nice thick slice chewy but soft Italian bread, good quality meat and then they pile on a french fries and a crunchy sweet and sour type coleslaw which seems to perfectly compliment the sammich. Reasonable prices and big selection in a menu you read off the wall. Glad I finally made it and was very happy with the quality.
4	Great place to stop and eat or for a drink. Only downfall is the lack of tables.
4	We loved the Bloody Mary Bar!  The thick sliced white bread that accompanied each sandwich was soft and very fresh.  This is an iconic Pittsburgh restaurant and my 20 something daughter is not sure she'd come back soon, but I would.  I always try every restaurant three times before making a final decision.
3	When you are in Pittsburgh, everyone will insist you go to Primanti bros! I'm happy I went just so I can say I've tried it but I think its just ok. The sandwiches are decently priced but I'm not a huge fan of fries and coleslaw in my sandwich. I'm fine with these sides on the side really.I got the pastrimi sandwich and it was tasty. I had to add a lot of the hot sauce to it to get some extra flavor to it though.It's a great price for a decent sized sandwich and paired with a nice cold beer, it's a great combo!
4	Always a Pittsburgh staple when I make it back. Southside is a good alternative to the Strip District. I spent a lot of the late 80's and 90's elbowing to get a sandwich late night there. So a little crowd on the Southside is nothing. Pastrami was a little tough today. But the taste was on point. Staff were on it. My staple is cap egg n cheese. I'll be back before I head back west.
5	The South Side location gets 5 stars in my book as THE ideal spot to watch a Steeler or Penguin game.  The bartenders- Amanda & John are excellent, friendly and on the ball when it comes to serving customers, the 'Make-your-own' Bloody Mary Bar is  stocked with everything you need to make your very own creation and there are so many TV's the only place you might miss some of the action is inside the restrooms.  Stop on by and say Hi...  No- we don't work here but can't stop coming back.  :)
4	There was a line out the door at the Strip District and Market Square locations so we drove to the Southside location and walked right in on a Sunday afternoon at 1 when the NFL games were starting. We were able to sit at a table in the back and received table service from there.It's been about 10 years since I've had Primanti Brothers and it's just as good as I remembered. I ordered the Pitts-burger. Great combination for a sandwich: super soft bread, vinegary cole slaw that provided a little crunch, salt from fresh cut french french fries and a little sweetness from tomatoes to balance everything out.In and out in about 30 minutes and left very satisfied. I would recommend this location  if the downtown locations are busy and you don't want an excessive wait outside. They also have good drink and food specials during football season.
5	Kelly is bartending, this place is a great place to chill....  Meet here and head out somewhere else...
