4	We've known the family for years and years outside the restaurant world.  When they opened Molise, we went there frequently.  Now that they've left Molise and opened Tesoro, we're even more impressed with their food.  Our favorites are the tortellini with prosciutto and peas in a white cream sauce, pasta puttanesca and sausage and peppers (a special they offer on occasion in the restaurant and frequently for catering).  The lasagna is always a hit and my parents love all their soups, especially the bean soup.  We use them for catering for every event!  They have tables outside, but as of our last visit, you couldn't eat out there yet.  They were looking into the proper permit.
5	Small, elegant, romantic and affortable italian restaurant! 5/5We didn't find out about Tesoro until about a week ago. Went there for J's birthday. We didn't feel like dressing up for a fancy meal but still wanted to have some good soul italian food. So we ended up at Tesoro that night. It was our first time there and we totally love that place! We shared a steamed mussels dish in tomato sauce and I had an amazing seafood pasta dish (~$24). Amazing finding! Would definitely put that on our fav list.
5	If your looking for a great little Italian place this is it.  Food is top notch, the service is friendly and caring, and the prices are reasonable. All the pasta dishes we have had have been great as have been the veal dishes.  We have never been disappointed in any of their wine recommendations as well.  Most of the times we have had to walk in we have been turned away so you should make a reservation first.
5	My favorite ristorante italiano outside of Italy! My two fav reasons to come here is their gnocchi and lemoncello. Their gnocchi is the best I have ever had. It it not too potaoey and doughy like alot of gnocchi. It basically melts in your mouth and is heavenly. The vodka sauce they put over it is just as good. Tomato's, basil, cream and a ton of fresh cracked pepper which I love!  I order this dish ever time I go there because it is just that good. It's a great comfort food! They have alot of other great dishes like the eggplant parm. and of course the lasagna. I have heard that if you like tripe, its also very good here. Me, I tend to stay away from guts! They make their own lemoncello and I finish every meal with this yummy digestif. Its not too strong and perfectly lemony. I love it! I also love that this is a small quaint place. You def need reservations to get a table here since there are only like 15 tables here. The friendly family that owns this place are from southern Italy and they def know how to cook and run a great restaurant. This is the one restaurant I will miss when I leave Scottsdale....
4	A friend and I went here for dinner on a Monday night based on the reviews, and I'm happy to report that we were both very happy.The ambiance is pleasant and what one would expect from such a restaurant, although the location in the strip mall is not ideal.  The place is small, with a bit of outdoor seating.  We found when the restaurant filled up, it was a bit noisy--being seated by the kitchen did not help this--but we were still able to converse without much distraction. The high point here is the food.  I've found authentic italian to be a rarity in the valley, and I very much enjoyed our meal.  I found the menu very pasta-heavy, but the selection was excellent.  If you like italian food even the slightest bit, I imagine you'll find something on their menu that you'll enjoy.  As for me, I had the lasagna, and it was excellent, and I would certainly order it again.  The gnocchi my friend had were delicious--clearly hand made.  When I return, I'll have high expectations for the food. Service was attentive without being overbearing.  I found interacting with one of the owners quite pleasant--it's always a bonus to see an owner on the floor caring about your experience. Reservations are probably a good idea any night people might be out.  I was surprised to find the place fairly busy on a Monday.Well, I highly recommend Tesoro--I don't think I've had a better Italian meal in Phoenix.
5	In town for a wedding and staying in N. Scottsdale... Hungry one evening and wanting Italian, we turned to Yelp for help!Reading reviews of places for the area I found two things about Tesoro's that immediately caught my eye from the other reviews... "delicious gnocchi" & "best gnocchi"... my mind was made up!The wine list was extensive, we had a very nice Pinot Grigio.The menu begged for ordering one of everything... but we settled on two appetizers, two entrees and two deserts. (for the *two* of us, those were six hard decisions ;-))I ordered the special which came with a choice of pasta or veggies but I substituted... wait for it... yep, gnocchi. I made a special request of the kitchen for a sauce that wasn't on the menu... nothing in particular, just something that the chef would like to have over their gnocchi and would play well with the special, and wow, that's all i can say, they blew my socks off. Our waitress was the icing on the cake... I personally think the waitstaff of a restaurant can make a good meal great, or even break a great meal... Janet was the 5th star in my rating of Tesoro's.We'll be in Sedona in September... and we will be making a special trip back to Scottsdale just for another meal here. We absolutely loved this place!
2	Not impressed.First I was sat at a table that was back to back with another person....we are talking 3 inchs apart.I dont like sitting that close to another group.....this place is tiny.Bread was plain old italian bread...not warmServed with some olive oil...no pepper or spice....boring,Salad arrived....dressing was good....salad was ok....until I got the bill....$7....what a joke.I thought this place was a $$ not a $$$.Entree arrived.I got the cannelloni, pretty tasty meat filling and alfredo sauce.I like alfredo over marinara so I had them substitute it.....but I wasnt told that I would be charged $2.....another joke....been to may places and never charged to sub a sauce.My girl got the beef stew over rigatoni.....she liked it.Dessert.Pistachio gelato with a piece of biscotiTasty....another $7Toward the end of the meal the service slowed down to a stop and I stopped getting drink refills...no big deal as they were closing.So a recap....$4 for drinks$14 for some tiny salads$34 + $2 for entrees with a different sauce.......dot dot dot$7 for 4oz of gelatoadd some tax and a $12 tip...you get....$78....wont happen again.
3	Rating 3.5 starsCute italian spot.  The food is pretty authentic, good selections on the menu, portions are good sizes (not too much nor too little).I do not recommend the canneloni or creme brulee desserts.  The creme brulee was like pudding. The consistency was completely off and the canneloni was just bleh.  However, the chocolate brownie w/vanilla ice cream was yummy.If I were in the area again and craving italian, I'd revisit this place.
4	It's super cute and intimate here.  It's a small space so reservations are recommended.  We had a party of 12 girls for dinner with particular palettes and everyone was pretty much satisfied.  I had the artichoke spinach ravioli in tomato cream sauce and it was excellent!  Some of the other very tasty dishes and appetizers were the scallops, bruschetta and mussels.For dessert, the chocolate brownie w/ vanilla ice cream was a huge hit.  The only not so great thing was the creme brulee. It looked amazing on the outside but once we cracked open that beautiful shell it looked like someone had an accident inside.  It had a weird yellow drippy consistency and when we told our waitress, she looked at us like we were nuts and didn't know anything(or was that look cuz we were a group of 12 asian girls in Scottsdale??)All in all, yummy!
4	Family owned Italian spot with delicious tiramisu. Small, friendly and quaint.
5	You will not find a better Italian restaurant in Arizona. This family owned and operated eatery is simply amazing from start to finish. Chefs Sonia and Tony DiFranco execute their menu to perfection. Their wine list is unique, affordable and offers something for everyone. You need to try the butter nut squash ravioli (you will not be disappointed). They unfortunately close during the month of July, so you will have to wait until August to enjoy everything the DiFranco family has to offer.
5	I love this place. It is a family owned business. They will custom order anything you want. I go there every week for take out if we don't want to go out.I highly recommend plus the prices are very reasonable
4	Very authentic Italian restaurant.  Excellent Veal Picatta, and delicious chocolate martini
3	3 stars is being generous.Went to Tesoro tonight with my husband and two teenagers based on the glowing yelp reviews.  It is a very small restaurant, 9 - 10 tables with a small waiting area out in front, facing the strip mall parking lot.  We had a reservation for 7:30.  Arrived on time and were apologetically told that our table was not yet ready.   Had to wait out front for 20 minutes shivering.After we were seated, drink, wine, and appetizer orders taken, we relaxed and began to settle in.  Problem was, it is a very loud room. Conversation was a challenge.  Looking around, we realized that we were the youngest table in the room.  Average age appeared to be 60+ years old. Oh, well, young and hip it is not.  Hopefully the food is good. Bruschetta and antipasto were tasty.  For entrees, we ordered the homemade Fettuccine Bolognese, Spaghetti al Pomodoro, the Chicken Saltimbocca and a special, Farfalle with shrimp and asparagus.  Flavors were good, not great, but none of the pasta was homemade.  Very much a disappointment.On the upside, service was very attentive and friendly.  Unfortunately, food is only mediocre, and the strip mall location is a definite detraction in size and ambiance.  Would I return again?  No.
5	So happy to have discovered this place! Really good food, and a lovely unpretentious atmosphere. The Saltimboca was fantastic.  Will be  back to try many other dishes.
5	If I lived closer, I'd be there every week!  The shrimp diavolo is my absolute favorite!  Tell Filomena that Campus Flowers sent you!  They are usually pretty busy so call ahead to make a reservation.  Desserts are awesome too.
5	Love it, love it, love it. Family owned. Everyone is a pleasant as can be. Everyone I've taken there says it's the best Italian they have had.
5	A small family owned and run Italian resturant.  Great food, service and wines.  The menu is varied with daily specials.  The chef is Dad & daughter, Mother is the Maitre' D, daughter and brother servers.  Have been going there since it opened and have never been the least bit disapointed.  Must call for reservations.  Come and get spoiled. Best in the valley! For me best in country!
5	Fantastic Italian food. Family owned and run. Best Teramisu I've ever had.
4	This "strip mall" actually has two hidden treasures - George & Sons for Chinese, and this wonderful little place, Tesoro.  The exterior belies the surprisingly lovely and intimate environment inside.  No sign of corporate design here, as a quintesentially classic menu - and an unmistakably old world kitchen staff - quickly set you at ease as you are immersed in a five-sense Italian experience that matches the experience you would expect in more cosmopolitan locations or cities.I tend to always order something on the menu with no additions or substitutions, but this place seemed like one of those where they would be happy to whip up something special for you, if they have the ingredients on hand to do it right.  Chances are, they will!Nice wine list, too.Space VERY limited...but would you have it any other way?
4	Just went there tonight for dinner and we had a great time.  The food was very good and the service was great. We went with our two kids ages 3 and 8 and they were very comfortable and the staff treated them very well so no problem for kids at all... they even made half portions for the kids. Very difficult to get a reservation with little notice so call days in advance.
4	Just like Italy!  Unique Ravioli with Escargot.  Great veal Picata.  Wonderful Tortelini.  Pasta is obviously homemade and FRESH!Awesome neighborhood find.  Don't tell too many people.
5	This place is to die for! The veal picatta is wonderful! Great service!
4	Even though it is 30 miles away, I will be coming back to Tesoro often.  The osso bucco alone is worth it.  Succulent veal bathed in a light brown sauce sitting on top of parmesan risotto.  And did I mention the bone marrow?  Seriously amazing.  One of the top 3 things I've ever eaten.  The osso bucco alone should merit 5 stars, but the soup was boring and the mozzarella was slightly cold.
5	As good as anything I've had in my NJ Italian neighborhood - including excellent service from a family-run business - really makes me feel like home!  Have been very pleased on several visits with the with soup, caprese and gnocchi.  Yes, it's tiny and moderately priced, but you decide what you want more, good food or more room to spread out?  Good food or a table the minute you walk in so you don't get chilly?  Frankly, I love the food and service enough to get over it.
5	This place is very small and inviting. I had to wait for a little while for my table, but it was worth the wait. The Sea Scallops were amazing on the appetizer menu and I had the BEST Bolognase with HOMEMADE Fettuccine pasta - They actually made the pasta in house. Wine list was great too - good mix. I will become a regular here for sure!
5	So delish!  I have been wanting to go here for years and we finally went just as I am about to move to Portland!  Anyways it was so good.  We got the bruschetta and the scallops as an app.  The scallops were superb, perfectly cooked.  I got the penne putanesca, which was also really good.  To finish off the awesome meal we had the bread pudding.  All in all it was a great meal and I will definitely be returning when I come to visit my family in Arizona.
5	Great food good price friendly staff.
5	Best Italian in the Valley!  Always fresh and tasty.  Pasta never limp.  Uso Bucco best I have ever had.  This is authentic Italian food not the stuff from the East coast.  Family owned and they do all the cooking and provide great service.  Small and friendly.  Great wine list well priced.  Have taken friends who grew up as first generation Americans in Italian homes and have gone on cooking tours of Italy; they rave about Tesoro.
3	We ordered take out from Tesoro tonight and were not impressed.Tomato, mozzarella and basil salad - tomatoes were not the best quality and  had hard centers, no excuse for that this time of year.  Mozzarella was fair, I've had freshly made mozz from spectacular Italian delis and this was not at that level of taste/quality.Scallop appetizer - portion was good, nicely seared, good pesto, taste was decent.Tortellini - pasta was nice, prosciutto was cut too thick which made it chewy and I hit a couple of fatty pieces that were like gum, sauce was bland and a little floury.I did love the bread included with the meal.Overall, I would say everything was fine - not memorable, just fine.  I will try Tesoro again, maybe we hit an off night.
5	Took some friends who just moved here to Tesoro.  As always service was great and the food outstanding.  We had to wait while they made fresh mozzarella for our salad-wonderful!   All the meals were outstanding and the wine was luscious for the price.  Love the small, family atmosphere versus the typical large, noisy and slick interiors of some many places today.
5	Excellent!  Highly recommend!  Quaint and friendly.
5	Great authentic Italian place/food ... The real deal! It's tucked away off Via Linda in strip mall by Safeway.
4	I have been searching for a good local non-chain Italian joint and this hit the spot. The place is TINY - 13 tables, small patio. ALL were packed and this is a Wednesday night at 645pm no less. I ordered several items to try, took some home. Scallop appetizer w/ pesto - very tasty. Real pepper at every table by the way. Trout (special) maybe among the best fish I have ever eaten. Side of spaghetti was ok, sauce not very thick. Lasagna was ridiculously good, heavy ricotta flavor, perfectly done. Also had the ravioli - got one of each type. The cream/tomato sauce was unreal - I could eat that for breakfast, lunch and dinner every day. Not cheap but not unreasonable, three mains and an app (no drink) was $70. Highly recommend, not that they need the help!
5	We ate at Tesoro for the first time last night. We had heard about it from a couple we met while we out to dinner. They said if u love "Italian" food u have to try Tesoro. This is a small place so you have to call ahead. We had a 5:00 resv. And at around 6:00 the place was full. It's very small but a lovely atmosphere. We were greeted by the hostess and were seated promptly. The service is outstanding. We started with their mozarella caprese salad. They make their own mozzarella, on top of 4 sliced tomatoes and basil, drizzled with evoo. My husband ordered Oso Bucco, which was a special. If its ever on the menu u HAVE to try it. It was positively the best he's ever had. After listening to him moan, bite after bite , I had to try it. It was delicious! I ordered the Gnochi which was also the best I've ever had. They were light and melted in  your mouth. Combined with the light tomato cream sauce. Mmmmm!A small Italian woman with a white apron came out and asked us how our meals were. We found out she and her husband are the owners. We noticed she greeted and hugged many iof the guests. Obviously, they have many faithful, return customers. There are so many entrees I want to try. Can't wait to go back  They have a 4 course wine tasting coming up Mon. June 11th. I'm hoping they still have availability because  I heard these sell out quickly. And I can totally understand why. You MUST try this little hidden gem.
5	Why isn't this place bigger???  During the tourist season, it is hard to get a reservation for this tiny neighborhood Italian restaurant.  Why?  Because the food is really good.  Although Tesoro is in a minor mall, you should not think that this is your typical local Italian joint -- pizza, spaghetti, watery sangria, etc.  On the contrary, Tesoro is Italian fine dining, but with a slighty lower price.  Of course, we only tried a sampling of their dishes, but I'll bet that everything is delicious.  The portions are not overly large, so you will have room for an appetiser, but by the time we finished, no one had enough appetite to order a dessert.  NOTE:  I did overhear them saying they were closing for parts of July and August, so call ahead.  You will want a reservation anyway.
1	If it wasn't for the high prices, I'd probably give this place 2 stars.  I went with 2 other people, and we did not order liquor, just an appetizer, and 3 dishes, and we walked out of there disappointed, and spent $140.NOTE: I was facing the kitchen and could see the chef.  For a place that charges $20-35 per plate, you'd expect the pasta to be cooked to order (only takes 10-11 minutes!).  However, the pasta was precooked, but heated up in a pan with the sauces to order.  Any pasta dish from Cheese Cake factory is way better than anything on this menu -- and half price. For the appetizer, we got 4 scallops. Scallops were smaller than we expected on a bed of pesto.  They were alright, nothing special.We then ordered 3 dishes, Osso Buco (special), Linguine with sea food combo, and chicken marsala with linguine.Osso Buco - this was a $35 item, so we had high expectations.  It came on a bed of risotto.  I could see the chef cook from where I was sitting.  The risotto had to be scrapped off the pan, and it was noticeably dry.  The beef was not tender, and clearly needed to be cooked more.  If you've had osso buco anywhere decent, you know it's supposed to almost fall off the bone.Chicken Marsala had no flavor.  I thought there wasn't enough sauce, so I asked for more sauce, but the sauce was very thin and watery, and just lacked flavor.  The 3rd dish was also OK -- probably the better out of the three.We won't be back.
5	Family owned and in my neighborhood. Everything, and I mean everything, is delicious here! Get in the car right now and go there! Try the manicotti or chicken piccata or the mussels...yum!
5	This place is the REAL DEAL! Yummy! Family owned and run. Love this place, and everything I've eaten. Highly recomend.
4	Last night first time.  Had take out.  This was a test to see if I liked the food and have my judgment distracted by the service or ambiance Well my wife and  I loved it.  So much so that we will be their Monday night!  Last star awaiting actual visit for service, etc.
5	This place is a hidden gem in the Phoenix area! It's a true family-run place where all the food is fresh and authentic. The caprese includes mozzarella made from scratch by one of the owners, and is to die for! The pasta is all made in-house, which is a rare find. The wine list was created by the son of the owners, who is a sommelier living in Italy. If that wasn't enough, the desserts are all home-made and excellent too! I can't say enough about this place, and can't wait to come back!
3	Nice atmosphere but bland food. 4.5 stars was very misleading.
2	I really, really hoped to write a better review, but my experience was not what I wanted.  Poor service, mediocre food & I will not be returning.  We were sadly disappointed.
5	This restaurant is great!  I went with my husband during the middle of the week and it was nearly full.  It is a small, comfy restaurant in a strip mall.  Sometimes strip mall locations scare people off but they shouldn't; that is where you find the hidden gems.  The Waitress was sweet and I asked her about the pasta being homemade and she was telling us the Matriarch of the restaurant still cooks but does a lot of the oversight now.  The restaurant is family run with her husband, their kids and their nieces and nephews.  I didn't hear any family yelling in the kitchen, which you should would if my family had a business.  My husband had the lasagna which was great.  He didn't leave a drop and I had the gnocchi that had a light tomato cream sauce on it, not heavy like you frequently see.  The gnocchi were the perfect texture.  The bread they served was great too with some nice EVOO on it.  We asked for more.  I would come back here in a minute.  Oh, and the prices were very reasonable for the quality of food.
5	Husband & I decided we wanted Italian for our anniversary and this place looked promising.  We were on vacay for Spring Training and we like to try new restaurants every time we go.  Although it's in a strip mall, it felt 'right' when we walked in.  Filomena (the owner) was hostessing and asked if we had reservations, we didn't.  They were busy but not packed.  She whispered that a table would be ready soon as a couple was almost ready to go.  She offered to seat us on the small front patio with a bottle of wine.  She even offered to turn on the heaters.  After a few minutes she came out and apologized that she didn't bring the wine but our table was ready.  I ordered the gnocchi in a lite tomato cream sauce and he ordered the veal Marsala.  OMG - I thought I'd died and gone to heaven!  I got a big bowl filled with those little pillows and thought I'd never be able to finish. But the gnocchi were so light and delish that I ate the whole thing. If I could have licked the bowl, I would have.  I tasted his veal and it was cooked perfectly.  The sauce was wonderful too.  Since it was our anniversary, we decided to have dessert, something we rarely do.  We shared the tiramisu and didn't regret it one bit. The service was fantastic.  Everyone was warm and genuine. Filomena and my husband had a running joke about how tiny she was and how tall he was.  We loved the entire evening and are looking forward to returning next year.
5	Last night four of us had a fabulous dinner.  We have been coming here for years.The menu is wonderful....something for everyone.  The food is so fresh and prepared so perfectly and comes to the table "hot".  The meat sauce is a home run, as well, as just about everything on the menu.  The wine list is extensive and has a price point for everyone.  We are never disappointed dining here.  Make sure you make a reservation!
5	Having had a nice meal and good service, we were asked by the owner to vacate our table for people waiting.  That totally violated my dining experience. And let it be noted that there was a table for 2 next to us, a table for 4 across from us and a table for 6 towards the front.  I will never go back to Tesoro's.  Being asked to leave was offensive.  She is not the only game in town.
3	We went here given the good reviews (4.5 stars) and desire for some good Italian food for dinner. This seems like a 'love it' or 'don't love it' place.We wanted to love it, but it's just ok.You walk into a small, family run restaurant with only 12-15 tables and white table clothes. Good start, but as the restaurant fills up - it gets noisy and the tables are very close together. Hard to have a private conversation.Service level is good and the menu has plenty of choice for any one.Sadly, the food is just ok. Most of the items are presented nicely, but lack flavor/taste.We had 4 different items and they were each just ok, not bad, just ok.We really wanted to like this spot as it is near our home and we love Italian food, but we will try some other spots first before going back.
3	Beautiful atmosphere - small, quaint, and well appointed.Good to excellent food quality and fair to good food quantity depending on the dish.  Eggplant parm was excellent, chicken saltimbocca very good, and veal piccata mediocre.Not very kid friendly (charged an 8 year old $10 for a simply bowl of spaghetti with tomato sauce, as there is no kid's menu).I wish I had tried Tommy V's Urban Kitchen...similar menu, but more variety for kids at fair prices.
5	This is a new find for my husband and I and I have to say that we LOVE it! The desserts are wonderful. The pasta is fresh and yummy!! The sauce, it is a bit sweet, just perfect. We are so happy to have found this gem.
5	I've been to Tesoro twice now, and it has the best Italian food I've had in Scottsdale.   It's small, can be noisy, and the tables are pretty close together.  But, the caprese salad is delicious, and I haven't had olive oil like that since I was in Italy.  You could just drink it!  The eggplant Parmesan actually tastes like eggplant - not just cheese and tomato sauce.  The veal Saltimboca is delicious, as is the tiramisu.  The wine list is good, and the owner walks through the dining room, talking to patrons and making sure everything is fine.  Last time, I was there with my son, who is 6'2".  He had eaten every bit of the spaghetti that came with his veal, and the owner asked him if he wanted more!  When does that happen?  When I told her we had come to celebrate his birthday, she brought him an Italian liqueur and the most delicious cannoli I've ever eaten.  (We split it, it was large!)The atmosphere is relaxed, the owners are friendly, obviously love good food and want to do a good job.  This is my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale - and right around the corner from my house!
5	Best food ever!!! Just like when I was a kid!
5	This place is easily the best Italian restaurant in the valley. The atmosphere is cozy. And yes, you will be seated near other parties, so if you are planning on having a lurid conversation you might want to choose another restaurant. Don't make any loud inappropriate jokes.I know Rabi Doohan III has been here on more than one occasion, and I'm wondering how he coped having to spend a whole dinner session without making a loud inappropriate joke. I know for a certainty that if the two of us went and had dinner there, that we might rack up a complaint or two. Anyway...The food is top notch. I had the veal saltimbocca, which is hard to find in the valley. I highly approve.The service was top notch. I felt right at home. The owner made me feel like I was apart of the family.If you go here on a date(app, entree, bottle of wine) expect to spend anywhere in the range of $75-$90. If you want to pop in for an entree you can get out of there in the 15-25 range. Well worth it in my opinion.
4	This place never disappoints!  Small, yes. But make a reservation and you always get a table.  Love the food!!
1	Was excited to try this restaurant after reading reviews but was terribly disappointed. We had 3 in our party and arrived at 6pm . Only 2 other tables seated at this time. Waiter took our orders ( without writing) . We ordered 3 starters and 3 entrees. One of the salads were not as ordered. When the entrees came we were again given one that was not orderd. They really need to get their act together. The food was totally underwhelming. They offered to take an entree off of bill .When check arrived they stated that they DID charge for 3 entrees but took off 2 glasses of house wine insead. Will not return.
4	We so enjoyed our evening here.  The place is in a non descript mall.  It's small but homey and Italian inside.  The waiters and staff in general are real Italians and that is reflected in their genuine food.  We loved la mamma who stopped by to see how we like our meal and to be sweet to our daughters.  The pasta is excellent and authentic but not as good as Andreoli or Trattoria Veneto.  I loved my entree which was Valdostana which is veal with a small slice of ham and cheese on top.  It was delicious and authentic.We will be back for the warm atmosphere and welcome you get here and for very good food.
4	Well executed.  Each course timed well and tasted great.  I recommend it.
5	If you like great food, a place where the owner and his family are hands on, and a perfect place for relaxing date night, then look no further.  This is a favorite of mine. Its small, serves up fresh food and they take special request.  This is not just a great restaurant, it's a place you can relax and be served like you are a VIP.  And no, I am not related to any of the owners.  I've been there 4 times and it's always been a great experience.  They earned this stellar review.
5	Was on vacation with a friend and her family in fountain hills, and we had a taste for Italian food and stumbled on this restaurant. It was amazing to say the least! For my friend's family who is used to eating all American food, they were really wowed by this one. Very authentic and the owners are super nice & service was great. Call ahead of time for reservations because it's a very small place & get ready to be a bit cozy in there.
5	This place is so fabulous! Each dish is perfectly prepared and makes you feel like it was made special just for you. My husband and I were very impressed with this darling little place.
4	Holy moly! Between the house made pasta and the perfectly tender veal piccata...I'm not sure where I found room in my stomach. The service and food were top notch...don't be fooled by it's location and neighbors, the food is worth it!
5	Holly Mostacholli thats one great Fing restaurant.  Def eat here. I tried 5 dishes all great
5	This is the real deal, homemade Italian food. A real Italian family making great Italian food. I had the Chicken Marsala in a mushroom and sweet wine sauce  with a side  vegetables. No kidding I could eat here everyday. To all of these other so called Italian restaurants with kids making minimum wage in the kitchen take note. The Owner actually knows how to cook, not just order underpaid  kids around and collect money.  This is where other restaurant owners go when they want good food.Gratzi!!
4	A very cozy place, romantic feeling. Perfect for date night.  Italian family owned and operated. It's not easy to find authentic tasting Italian food in the valley and my party of four drove far to see what the hype was about and I must say it didn't dissapoint! The wine list was wonderful and we decided to go with a bottle of Moscato from Italy. Fresh warm bread was ever present and our waters were frequently filled as well by our attentive waiter. We had veal marsala, spaghetti pomodoro, chicken pizzaola and the eggplant. All dishes were tasty, made from scratch with fresh ingredients and portion sized to European standard NOT the American standard which is not a bad thing considering a proper Italian meal has several courses. I liked being able to eat dessert for a change which was tiramisu and one of us had the chocolate martini which was super delish and very strong! I would love to try the tortellini or lasagna next time. The only gripe I had was that it felt very warm inside the restaurant and somewhat stuffy. Almost claustrophobic. I can't imagine eating there when it's at full capacity! We would've sat on the patio if it wasn't July!
4	Great, small, family owned. A true gem! It is not often that the people involved (the owners) are out talking with the patrons and asking about the meal. You can tell they really care.
5	This restaurant is one of my husband and my local favorites. The atmosphere is comfortable and the owners very gracious. Their food is always carefully prepared and delicious. It is Italian comfort food at it's best. My favorite dish is artichoke/mushroom ravioli. Excellent Italian wine list, too. It is small and in a strip mall so easy to miss. Take the extra effort to drive into the parking area near the Safeway's on Via Linda to find it. You won't be disappointed!
5	Hidden gem. This place is the bomb!!! Family owned. I believe the mom/grandma was on the kitchen cooking. Worth the wait for your food, that's how fresh their meals are. Ordered the manicotti, unreal. Can't wait to go back.
5	We have an agreement with friends. We meet for dinner at a restaurant that none of us knew. I selected Tesoro based on it being centrally located and its Yelp rating. It was a pleasant surprise. We never felt rushed and enjoyed our wine and conversation. Our meals were superb, just like being in Italy. I had sole piccata, light and flavorful. A great place. Friendly, attentive and knowledgable staff. Highly recommended.
5	This is a neighborhood restaurant that serves fantastic food.  The dining experience was great.  The atmosphere, servers, and owner were all very welcoming and warm.  The mussels appetizer was amazing.  The veal marsala superb.   It was a unique tourist experience.    Before we left the restaurant on Thursday night, we made a reservation for Saturday.  It is a small restaurant - make a reservation.
5	The food was amazing and the service was very nice.  They accommodated me and I did not have a reservation. The place is small do it was full for a Tuesday. Chicken saltimboca with veggies. The cook came out and told me she will make anything I want even if is not in the menu. Will definitely come back.
5	This is a small restaurant that is almost always full of regulars who know what a gem it is. The food is carefully prepared, the service is very good and the prices are reasonable. I suggest you not attempt to go here without a reservation and that you make your reservation a few days in advance.
5	This restaurant is excellent on all accounts! Every time I'm in town, I always make a trip to Tesoro.  The food never disappoints, doesn't matter what you order, it will be flavorful and appetizing.  The service is unparalleled, the owners are the sweetest people you will ever meet, they always come out from the kitchen to chat, give "besos", and ensure the food was well received. Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed!
