4	One of my favorite restaurants in Old Montreal.  Nestled in an old building with exposed beams and stone walls, you could easily miss this Old Montreal gem.  When you step in, the restaurant is breathtaking with ornate European style.  The bar glistens with a wall-length mirror behind.  All the tables have candles and the art-work and decor are reminiscent of Old World Europe but have a hip slant.  The bar is no doubt filled with 20-something hipsters.  The food is a mix of Spanish, French and Italian and there is something for everyone.  The French onion soup oozes with melty-cheesy-goodness and is served piping hot.  I had the Guisado de Polo, a stewed chicken dish with almonds and herbs that was tender and moist, with a side of grilled asparagus.  I generally find asparagus mediocre, but not this time.  I had an amazing caipirinha here too.  The only point of dissappointment i have for this place is the service, all-be-it polite, the waitstaff is a little ditsy and not the most put together.  Overall, this is a great and dining experience in Old Montreal that you shouldn't miss.
4	For our "fancy night out" dinner, we chose Barroco, at the recommendation of a helpful bartender nearby (and yes, we went back for lunch and tipped well to thank her). The atmosphere of Barroco grabs you right off the bat.  It's dark.  Not "spooky, lurking figures in the shadows with cudgels" dark, but "appropriately dim and romantic, with candles in all the right places to illuminate just enough to see" dark.  Our server was pleasant and accommodating, with plenty of suggestions, but in the end, I had to try the short ribs, and boy, was I happy with my selection. On a trip where I enjoyed pretty much everything I put into my mouth, the short ribs at Barroco were probably up there at the top of the list.  I grow ravenous e'en now as I recall their tender, moist and rich flavor and texture, and while the presentation was a bit slap-dash, I couldn't have really cared less.  I've found a restaurant that competes with Stella for "best short ribs ever", and I don't care who knows it.  The lovely atmosphere, great food, and helpful waitstaff are all very positive recommendations - though it is a teeny bit more expensive than you might want it to be, as a treat for an out-of-town fancy dinner, Barroco is a great bet.
4	Tried this the other night, walked in and recognized it as the old Cobalt Club that we had been to a few years earlier.  They have fixed it up nicely still maintaining the exposed stone and wood beams, quite a nice bar area, overall great ambience and feel about the place.The meal itself was very good !  Bison tartar to start, heavy on the seasoning with a spanish flair about it but still very good.  Both mains good as well, kitchen got a bit backed up so we had a bit of a wait but didn't really notice, its the sort of place that you don't feel like you need to be in a rush to eat.  Waitress brought us a couple complimentary glasses of dessert wine to make up for the wait which was quite nice.Overall great experience, highly recommend.
5	This dinner was trip-making for us.  From the moment we walked in, the service was attentive and perfect, including the manager taking our coats and the server being friendly and cool.  The food was really excellent, and the cocktails were amazing - I've never had a gin and tonic with fresh sage, nor has my wife ever had a drink topped with a flaming guava rind - both tasted incredible.  Really endearing vibe inside, with music curated by someone who knows what he's doing, and an atmosphere of young-ish urbanites enjoying a good meal in a stone-lined, candlelit room.  Beamed ceilings, wood floors, stone walls, and a great bar made the ambience, but the food and the service exceeded our expectations.  We loved it and told the Manager so on the way out.  If you visit Montreal without booking your dinner at Barroco in advance, you are doing yourself a disservice.  As the concierge at our hotel told us - in Montreal, there is nothing else like Barroco.  We unfortunately learned this the hard way when we had to settle for another restaurant on our second night after finding out they were booked - would have loved to have gone twice in a row (it was that much fun), but alas, we are looking forward to going back.
5	This Spanish and French restaurant is fantastic. The food is really good and the service impeccable. If you like a cocktail try the Woodford Reserve Old Fashioned. Awesome.  Barocco is in my top 5 favorite restaurants in N. America.
4	So close to perfection.....except for the bathroom that is in the center of the dining room. Literally, there are 4 walls, and one of them holds the two lavatory doors. Not so great.However, once you've embraced that imperfection, you're in for an amazing meal with fantastic service. Food was absolutely delicious, wine just as good. We sat at the bar, Marc Andres the bartender/server was extraordinary.Barocco and Liverpool House are two musts for anyone in Montreal.
5	A recommended restaurant by a couple friends, we stopped in to celebrate our wedding.  The cheese plate to start was excellent.  Our appetizer was a tender grilled octupus salad.  She had lobster in a flavorful curry sauce.  My rib eye steak with chimichurri sauce met expectations.  Wine list provides good variety.  The music beautifully accented the ambience.
5	After a disastrous situation with our accommodation in Montreal, it was clear that the girlfriend and I needed comfort.  Soul-soothing.  Seriously, anything to take our minds off the previous 12 hours of ridiculousness (think gross sheets, malfunctioning toilet, the works).  Yelp to the rescue: dinner for two at Barroco.We were seated at the bar, waited upon by Max the bartender, who quickly had our wine glasses filled and our orders sent to the kitchen.  It can get dicey when trying to serve four unique parties at the same time, but Max handled it like a pro.  The restaurant itself was gorgeous; intimate lighting, gold-framed mirrors, blackened brick walls made for a chic yet cozy feel, an ambiance perfected by few.The Mediterranean Branzini was utter perfection - with a side of risotto (Max's recommendation), it was the perfect meal.  I liked that the fish was slightly undercooked, giving it this awesome texture that's hard to describe.  She had the home-made black pasta with mashed potatoes, which tasted like home.Liking the place so much, we brought a few friends back for late-night drinks.  Highlights were the maple Old Fashioned and the cucumber mojito.  Apparently they make their own cranberry juice here, fresh crans/simple syrup mashed right before mixing.  Will have to try that at home some time!If you're looking for a fantastic dining experience, look no further.  This place embodies the 5/5 rating.
4	We chose Barroco for our splurge night dinner in Montreal. The restaurant is beautiful. Dimly lit, with candles everywhere. I especially loved the large, open windows which made it feel like we were dining outside.We ordered the cranberry drinks, which were mixed to perfection. I tried the mediterranean branzini which I can't recommend highly enough. The fish was flavorful and topped with roasted nuts. I was starved so I ordered the risotto on the side. I'm glad I did, because the portion size was on the smaller side.  My date tried the lamb chops along with the mashed potatoes. Holy amazing! The food was so good, we finished each and every last morsel - which is wonderful, but sadly left no room for dessert. I did look through the dessert menu though, and it was to-die-for! I'll be back here next time I visit Montreal!
5	Delightful intimate space with superb service and delicious food to back it up.  Came here desiring a solid bowl of pasta and got that plus a to-die-for risotto starter and a spectacular vegetable terrine.  Drinks were excellent, too (I was treated to a refreshing take on a Pimm's Cup).Although we were without a reservation, we were accommodated with no hassle.  Overall, visit this place!  Go if you like low key, intimate settings where the focus is on the food first.
4	I was mildly concerned given the location on St. Paul. The menu certainly wasn't as ambitious as at our previous night's dinner spot, les 400 Coups. But good restaurants exist in tourist neighborhoods; and a simple, well-prepared menu is a great virtue, too.Barroco turned out to be not as good as les 400 Coups. But that's not a fair barometer. Barroco was certainly better than I'd feared, and also certainly better than it needed to be.Burrata came with a nice variety of ripe heirloom tomatoes. It wasn't laden down with oils and heavy dressing. A pleasant surprise, especially given that I hadn't intended to order it (sometimes things just come out of my mouth). The cheese was creamy, but not excessive.The branzino (another unexpected order on my part) also turned out to be quite good. A little oily. And it did not require the valiant service of macadamia nuts. But again, very, very passable.I also enjoyed panna cotta, partly because I am a dessert baby. It came with some sort of inscrutable minty green topping. But I cannot say that I was too disturbed by that.
5	Love for this place started when we passed by the restaurant. Just the stone facade, the iron sign surround, and the greenery winding up and down the entry. Called for a reservation later that evening, and found the next love. The gentleman answering the phone was so pleasant, seemed actually happy to be working at this place. Only reservation was for 9:30, and we took it ! When we showed up for dinner, we were greeted by the happy person that answered the phone. All the rest of the staff was equally helpful, attentive and friendly. We were seated in a little alcove withe the stone wall on two sides. We had these elegant "royal" looking chairs and a boars head mounted above us to add to the fantastic ambiance. Dinner came and every bite of each appetizer and main course was incredible. We both shared each others dishes, and every bite ended in an "mmmmmmmm". Actually a quiet dinner as we did little talking between bites, to savor the taste of each bite ! And then dessert followed in much the same fashion, but we were a bit overstuffed at this point.I would highly recommend this place, and even make it my first stop on my next trip to Montreal !
3	We visited this restaurant on our last night in Old Montreal. It was highly recommended by the staff at our hotel. Aesthetically I can see why it was recommended for a romantic dinner, the setting is dark and cavernous looking with romantic lighting and decor. However the food was ehh, very overpriced, and the waitstaff was very pushy with the wine list.We ordered:Seafood Paella- Delicious only thing worth going to this restaurant for. We should have just ordered the paella for two. Braised Short ribs- ehh I've had better, I didn't  like the cilantro flavor.Goat cheese salad- nothing special.Risotto- not worth it, it was very soupy. Chocolate layer dessert-not impressedThis restaurant is supposed to be a fusion of spanish and french cuisine, however the fusion doesn't seem to work in the palate. sorry,
5	It is rare that I ever eat a meal somewhere and then think about it afterwards. For weeks. For months. But, Barroco won my food heart and I have been wanting to go back ever since that day when I discovered the most delicious beef short-ribs this side of the world has to offer. If anyone tries to argue with me about this, I will challenge them to an arm wrestling contest.Situated in Monty's famous and overly touristy Old Port, Barroco is a gem among all the other restaurants serving up old school French cuisine in dimly lit, romance infused atmospheres. While I didn't go on a date here, unless you consider a birthday party with five other girls a date (well, actually I would), it is without a doubt a choice place to take your partner(s) in crime. The ambiance is relaxing, the smells are enticing, and the interior design is warm with wooden floors and stone walls. While I only ordered one magnificent dish, I got to taste five others and all were equally appealing, albeit pricey. So, if you fancy venturing into the Old Port, through the gauntlet of "J'adore Montreal" T-shirt shops and into Barroco, be prepared to bring your piggy bank filled with your monthly allowance. But, do yourself and your hot date a favour and remember this if nothing else: you get what you pay for.
4	Ate there on Saturday, place is small but really nice. Food was great with certain things but I would avoid the arctic char.
5	Let me introduce you to a cozy restaurant called Barroco in Old Montreal.  As soon as I stepped inside out of the cold night I felt like I was transporting to another time.Max--"Bar Chef"--the hardest working man in Old Montreal.  The first thing I noticed when I stepped inside of this restaurant wasn't the colorful ink on his arm--which happens to be Montreal--but the beautiful bar.  My friend said, "wow what a beautiful bar" breathlessly to herself and Max turned around and said "why thank you it was a lot of work!" Mister Max takes great pride in his bar.  He actually prepares a lot of the bar ingredients at home before he reports to Barroco.  For instance, he roasts the cardamom at home and also makes homemade ginger-ale and grenadine.  We tried to convince him to give us the secret recipe but he's not budging.  Visiting Barroco was the perfect start to our Montreal visit.  We met some pretty amazing people, some had a few too many--a local woman decided it was appropriate to lick my face as a farewell gesture!
5	Brilliant,  the bartender Max is amazing.  Order an old fashioned.  The fish was stellar, the oysters were fantastic.  I am a NYC restraunt snob and this place kills it.  Highly recommended.
3	Probably closer to 3.5 stars...but the price was too highFirst, the ambience is very enjoyable...the place has a good vibe.  The atmosphere is as others have described it - intimate, cozy, warm, a little loud and a little crowded if you are not in a booth.The food was pretty good to very good - the short ribs were not as good as hyped.  Perhaps it is something about people not getting short ribs very often that makes them think the ribs are better than they really are.  My wife makes them often, slow cooks them and they are every bit as good as Baroccos.  I had a bite of someone's seafood paella and it was very good to excellent.  The amuse bouche that night was different - oyster and pate mix, liked it.  The sides were okay and the appetizers were good.  The servings are big and if you want to bring some home you will be able to do so.Cocktails were good, although I was expecting more maple taste in their maple old fashioned (they use maple syrup in the cocktail).  Others very much enjoyed their cocktails.Service was great at the start but as the restaurant got busy was a little less attentive.  The servers and bartender are all polite and entertaining; no one was stuffy or treated us english speaking Americans with any less respect than anyone else in the restaurantI guess I was expecting more for the price.  I know Montreal is expensive but for the 5 of us it was over $400 - too steep for what we got.  Was it an enjoyable evening - yes.  Was it worth the price - maybe, but would have rated them higher if it was more reasonable.
4	Best duck ever , it was delicious.  Service was excellent I totally recommend this place. Pricy it is
5	Such a special place. If you are going to Montreal make reservations here - you will not be disappointed. Expert from the kitchen to the bar and the service. The best salmon dish I have ever tasted! A wonderful evening spent at the bar with my husband. Thanks for the taste sensation! We are food professionals, highly critical and fully appreciate when we find people with passion for what they do. Awesome spot.
5	I'm reviewing this place just based on memory from last year.  I just remember loving everything about it.  The Bison Tartar with Quail egg is still in my memory, so was some fresh fruit dessert with wine.  A restaurant whose menu changes seasonally to take advantage of delicious food items in season.  The wait staff seemed intelligent and willing to explain the depths of some of the dishes.  This spot is a Montreal gem and I intend to eat dinner here every time I come back which is usually once a year.
5	When traveling, I normally ask friends for suggestions on where to go, what to see and where to eat... this was one of those places and boy was I happy for the recommendation. My suggestion; go there hungry!The food portions are superb. The steak was cooked to perfection (with alot of it on the slab) and the mashed potatoes I still dream about. I also had Oysters to start.The atmosphere is pretty amazing.. It's like walking into an old french wine cellar. low lighting makes it great for dates or for nights when you don't feel you look your best.The service was SUPERB. The guys were so welcoming and were incredibly helpful when we couldn't decide what to order. The price is a bit steep but well worth treating yourself. You will feel at home and will be stuffed to the brim.Bon Appetit.
4	Wonderful ambiance - perfect spot for a cozy romantic dinner in Old Montreal. Great service & really nice presentation on all courses. Glad we came.
3	Pretty delicious if not earth shattering. After getting lost and going to the wrong 312 St Paul, we finally made it to Barroco. The place is tiny and lovely to boot. I think it is connected to the restaurant next door, which seemed livelier btw (i kind of wish we would have made reservations there instead). i had the salmon (a perfect balance of crispy and juicy with some sauteed green tomatoes) and my husband had the paella (good, but the rice was kind of hard and chewy he noted). We shared the chocolate lava cake for dessert though in retrospect we should have tried the dessert of the day. The cake and sorbet were delicious, but again, not the most amazing we've ever had. The service was great and the folks were attentive. However, for a $100+ dinner, we would have liked to be wowed by something.. anything?
4	Set in an Old Montreal rustic stone and wood building, this eclectic decorated restaurant is sure to impress. We were six for dinner in the white banquet seating area. Some of us ordered wine by the glass, others ordered some tasty beer from a micro-brewerie, my friend opted for the homemade gin tonic and I ventured to order a good ol' mint julep. Interestingly enough the refreshing julep was served in manly Maker's MArk tin cup with a mini-mountain of hand crushed ice. As for the food, well let me tell you... Chef Benjamin Leonard (originally from Lyon) really outdid himself with his Mediterranean inspirations.  We ordered the Seafood Paella which was a treasure of flavors. The scallops were rich, melted in your mouth and cooked to perfection. The beef short ribs were very savory and very tasty. The half lobster was as sublime both to the eye and the palate. Definitely would consider going back.
5	What a fabulous little gem!The service was stellar!The atmosphere perfection!And the food/wine delicious-o!! (the spaghetti dish had flavors I would not have expected- my mouth was overjoyed.I only wish I lived in this city to enjoy this spot every week.What's great about this place- it's not trying to be amazing- it just is!Merci beaucoup to the entire team that makes it so special.I shall return
4	loved to ambience. great food. average drinks.
5	Great service, great food, great location. Started with the taste of autumn salad, fantastic blend of flavors. I tried the short ribs, a tender flavorful meaty dish. The polenta was different, the base was very good, the vegetables, fruits and herbs were a little much for me. My associate ordered the vegetable plate, it was a full blend of grain, vegetables, etc. I would recommend. We skipped desert and ended with an espresso. I hope to go back some day.
5	Took my wife here for her birthday and we both loved it. Our waiter knew every detail to the menu.  And the food was great. Well go back
2	Not a fan.The paella was not very good. It was wet and overly salted. It needed more saffron or other spices.They made us come at 6 - early - but didn't even take our wine order until 6.45 and we didn't get our wine until 7.15. It was unreal. The place was basically empty at 7, so I have no clue why they insisted we come at 6. The service was borderline humorous, but if I wasn't on vacation I probably would have gone insane or just left. Also felt very touristy and didn't seem like there were many locals there. Maybe just my impression, but we really didn't like this place.
5	My Second Visit Was Even Better!Who knew my last visit to Barroco would overshadow my first one?  I really didn't expect my second visit to be better and that is saying something!  Here are my menu highlights from my latest visit:The Pomme D'Api Cocktail"Mad Max" doesn't know how to just be regular.  He has the mind of a mad scientist when it comes to cocktails.  I am always excited to see what new concoction he has created.  Upon my arrival, I saw him at the chalkboard writing out the drink special for of night.  When I asked him what it said he told me "have a seat, you will enjoy it".  I knew not to question him so I took a seat.The Pomme D'Api is made from spiced rum, apple juice, Benedictine liqueur, vanilla citron and paprika and is pure deliciousness.  You really can't drink just one--trust me I tried.  Max was correct, I did in fact enjoy it.AppetizersThese two starters made a lasting impression on me.   Foie Gras   The Old Fashioned Foie Gras was phenomenal but this one was just as good!  Beef Tartare  Yes, that is an egg on top and it was good.MeatI was torn between the short-ribs and the duck.  The lovely couple sitting next to me were kind enough to let me sample their duck so I went all in with the short-ribs and I am so glad that I did!  Don't get me wrong, the duck was outstanding but something about these short-ribs were ridiculous.Seafood & FishOne of the restaurant patrons highly recommended the Paella Barroco.  He told me that he gets it every week--no joke.  With that type of testimonial I had to try it.After my first taste I understood why the gentleman gets this paella every week.  This is not like other paella dishes where you have a mouthful of rice.  Every bite is filled with squid, shrimp, scallops, morcilla and chorizo.   SidesThe side dish selection at Barroco is not lengthy but it doesn't need to be with such a rich menu.  I managed to try a few of them all in the name of research!   Potatoes   Mashed, scalloped, or stacked.  These potatoes are great.   Garlic Rapini   Some call this Broccoli Rabe but nonetheless it is delish.   Brussels Sprouts   These were not actually on the menu but they were the special for the night and       they taste as good as the picture looks.I am looking forward to my upcoming visit to Montreal so I can eat at Barroco again.  I can only imagine what the third visit will bring!
5	Very friendly, helpful staff. Beautiful interior. All the drinks and food were top notch. Perfect for a date. Try to find parking beforehand online because there is none available in the narrow streets of old town.
4	We were in Montreal a coupe weekends ago and this place was recommended by a friend. It was also recommended by the hotel concierge - so we knew it must be great.  The food was outstanding and the atmosphere cozy and typical old Montreal. The stone walls looked several hundred years old and they'd kept the historical charm of the building intact while adding a clean modern look. Service was outstanding as well!
5	AMAZING!!!!Top 5 meals of my life!  Sat at the bar and had Julienne as our waiter/bartender.  Besides the fact that he is super cute....he is super nice and has a wonderful personality!  The cocktails were delicious and very unique!  The appetizer my husband got, the Burrata,  was completely out of this world!  His quote..."i've never eaten anything that when I finished it, I immediately wanted to order another"Both our dinners were excellent and the desserts were an amazing end to an overall amazing experience!This is a must stop when in Montreal!
5	What a wonderful spot.  I've been here a couple of times and been fortunate enough to get seated without a reservation, which frankly seems like a miracle, I would recommend making one.  Great food, great service and a great atmosphere.  Getting the one outside table they have in the summer time will forever be one of my best memories of Montreal...  sipping on  glass of wine, eating excellent food and watching the world go by is one of my favorite things to do...  even when the world is speaking French.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Montreal.  Both the food and ambiance are incredible.  I would definitely recommend visiting as it takes you back to old Montreal.
5	Barroco is truly a world-class restaurant in Old Montreal. The service is warm and beyond accommodating. Roberto makes you feel like family! I ordered the Angus Beef Tartare which literally melts in your mouth and is beautifully seasoned. I had the Market Course entree, which that night was braised short ribs and a celery puree and potatoes---the meat was decliously glazed  tender and fell right off the bone and the puree was addictive. My friend got the Barocco Paella which ranks as one of the best dishes she has ever tasted. They also have an excellent Spanish red wine there and everyone is so knowledgable and helpful. The space is gorgeous, in a perfect location in Old Montreal, it is truly the most beautiful place on the block. If you are in Old Montreal, you will regret not eating at Barroco so make a reservation (only 50 seats) and prepare for an unbelievable experience. Thank you Roberto and staff for one of the best dining experiences this New Yorker has ever had!
4	I really enjoyed Barocco and would give it 4.5 stars if I could.  It is a more rustic setting, darker than many restaurants in Montreal but I enjoyed the setting.  Service was good,  no complaints.  We had the heirloom tomato salad which was quite good as I'm sure the tomatoes were in season.  The Burrata was also very good, but seems to be a popular dish in Montreal.  For the meal, we split the Paella for two which was good not great.  The flavor of the dish was good, but I thought for two it was a little light on the seafood.  The octopus was everpresent and too chewy for our taste.  In all, I'd certainly go back again and would love to try some of the other items on the menu.  If you have had great Paella before, I'd go a different direction though.
1	Worst experience ever!!  Pre-booked a week ago for husband's B-day. Was given a 7:30 RSVP.. Called again the day after (spoke to a lady this time) and asked to be put at a good  table. Was told not to worry and that she would put me by the window area. When I arrived there the day of my husband B-day, I was told my RSVP DID NOT exist, but was that I could have one of the tables for only 1.5hrs cuz another couple had booked it for 9:00pm.. Refused to be rushed for dinner especially a Birthday one., not to mention they did not deserve my business after this..They totally messed up and all I got was a meaningless "sorry"... Unacceptable!! but I think this place makes their money thru tourism so they don't really care, their tables will always be filled..As for me, like I told the person in charge: I will NEVER make a RSVP with them again and I will also make sure my friends don't either..
4	I went on my first trip to Montreal.  We went with a group and had French speaking guests, which was good because the waitress spoken broken english at best :).  The restaurant is small - not many tables and no space between the tables, but it was still a good experience/atmopshere - rustic and dark, but you didn't feel like you were on top of everyone (even though you were).  The menu is pretty small, but good selections and the portions were good sized.  Great Old Montreal restaurant - definitely make a reservation if you have more than 1-2 people and/or don't want to sit at the bar.
5	true to my word, rolled into Montreal, and Barroco was my first stop for dinner. Amazing food once again, and so pleased with the consistency of the great food, and fantastic staff. This time tried the osso buco with eggplant gratin, as well as paella. Heirloom tomato salad to start, and some sort of lemon and raspberry gelato to end. Symphony of flavors, each bite as delicious as I remember from 2 years ago.
4	Came to town on business with a couple of associates, and while I'm very familiar with Catherine Street over many visits, this was my first walk through Old Town. We just happened to stumble upon this place. Service was fantastic, waitress was lovely, the decor is old school. The menu is small, but we all had something different and everybody was thrilled. My buddy Al had the osso buco and said it was the best. The salmon I had presented well and tasted amazing. It gets a little crowded in there, but it was still relatively quiet. Good wine selection. I wish I had been able to convince my wife to come along on this trip, as she would have loved this place. Definitely a return destination.
5	Awesome ambiance, great bar, great starters.  Staff excellent.  It is fun just to watch the bartenders lovingly make classic drinks.  It became our nightly first stop while we were in Montreal.
3	All the appetizers were really good; however we found the entrees to be poorly executed.  Paella was way too salty, osso bucco was dry, but the short ribs were pretty good. Ambiance was intimate and service was good.I'll give it another try someday, but my first impression wasn't good enough to recommend this place.  Sorry.
4	Loved this restaurant! Small but quaint place right in old Montreal. Decor was like most Montreal restaurants with a hog on wall with other nick- nacks that really bring the delicate ambiance together yet accompany the culture. We were seated quickly since we had made reservations which I suggest anyone going to Montreal should do. Also, as a side note, make sure to keep your phone on because the restaurants will call to confirm your reservations and if you do not answer they will give your reservation away. Ok onto the rest of the review. Service was great and attentive the whole time. I Will say they sometimes run themselves short as one of the waiters was the hostess as well. Now most importantly, the food. My girlfriend and I began with the cheese and charcuterie plate and oysters. Oysters were very good and fresh as well as the meat and cheese board. The ladder had fois gras , grapes, and prunes for extra taste. I has the short ribs as an entre which were delicious with the truffle oil, however, the meat was not that tender. My girlfriend had the special which was a veal chop with eglantine and pea risotto. Very good, but nothing out if this world. The one dessert they offered was a fancy brownie which was less than memorable. Overall, this place was very nice. Ambiance was good and food was definitely worth it!
5	On the advice of the hotel concierge my group went to dinner here. We ate at the bar and Kristoff. He is an amazing bartender and a lot of fun. The food was phenomenal. We had steak tartar and oysters for an appetizer and the tartar in particular was great. The ribeye with chimichurri was to die for. I can't recommend this place highly enough!
4	Great atmosphere, quite dark with candles, good music (may be loud for some), old stone walls and exposed beams, cool bar with about 10 seats on the back wall. Very romantic. Date tip - ask for the booth that's basically carved into the stone. Other than that, regular tables and one other group-sized arched bench with a table on the opposite side of the restaurant. Walked in on a Saturday night at 10 pm and we were able to snag a table. Got completely full within 5 minutes. Montrealers definitely eat later. Place was totally full. Quasi-Spanish menu, paella with morcilla and chorizo and a bunch of seafood. Much more like risotto than paella; would never have thought it was paella if it hadn't said it on the menu. Came in a decorative bowl, none of the desirable soccarat (caramelized, almost burnt bottom from the paella pan), not seasoned at all. Great dessert - apple tart served in ceramic dish with a cute jar of vanilla cream on the side. Great service; free drinks when we waited forever for oysters.
5	Loved everything about this place. It's beautifully done, small and quaint. The menu is great and the food was amazing. It was suggested as one of the best restaurants in the city and certainly delivered.
4	Following our phenomenal night at Bocata next door, my girl and I decided to give this restaurant a try. Bocata and Barroco both have a similar design and atmosphere, but the menus are completely different. I'm not sure if they are owned by the same person(s), but each kitchen crew makes magnificent food. Once again, we came in without reservations and were fortunate enough to get seats at the bar. The chairs are comfy and there is plenty of space on the tabletop. We were surrounded by other couples and thoroughly enjoyed their company and conversation. Barroco's relaxed vibe encourages social dining at its finest.  The bartender was a young man who looked barely passed the legal age for serving alcohol. He had loads of personality and charm, yet lacked basic skills and industry experience. I'm pretty sure this was his first gig in a restaurant and the reason why I had to remove a star.His cocktail special was a refreshing mix that contained watermelon as the key ingredient. Cubes of melon were also used as a garnish. Unfortunately, with each preparation, there was plenty of product being spilt due to overflow. He just couldn't get his measurements right and looked rather clumsy. We didn't give him a hard time even though he started splashing my girl in the face with the cocktail shaker. He was slamming the shaker shut with such force that it would spray her in the eyes. Not cool. She informed him that I'm the only man who gets to give her headshots and that's why I love her. All three of us had a good laugh and he did recover nicely by giving us complimentary samples of "Abuelo" rum. The starters arrived just as our appetites were awaken from the aperitifs. The beef tartar was so rich and hearty it was almost a meal on its own. The quail egg yolk and caper berries were a nice touch. My favourite was the maple poached foie gras. It came with boozy "old fashioned" jelly and a wedge of vanilla cinnamon orange confit. I would come back just for this dish alone since it was superior to the foie I had at Au Pied du Cochon. That's right, you read correctly, Barroco does it better.Both of our mains were outstanding in terms of flavour, portion size and presentation. It's too bad the bartender forgot to punch-in our side of rapini. My girl's rib eye steak with chimichurri and mashed potatoes was almost too much for the little lady. Luckily, she doesn't mind sharing and I don't mind being the food disposal unit. I loved the black cod with little neck clam, leek and fingerling potato fondue and beurre blanc. We basically ended up sampling all of the dishes with me being the glutton who consumed majority of the meal. I came to MTL with intentions of gaining 15-20 pounds.Since there was very little room left for dessert, we order the bill and passed on our compliments to the chefs. It's no secret that this beautiful city is filled with culinary talent. If you haven't already, you must visit, explore, eat and discover a few new favourite spots outside of your hometown.
5	All I can say is Perfect!  I come to Montreal for business from California......it is now a necessity that I dine at this restaurant each time i come here.  There is nothing I can complain about...... Barroco is just fabulous!
4	Perfect spot for a cozy romantic dinner!  Hubby and I were staying at the Nelligan so chose this place based on the reviews as well as proximity to our hotel.  We had a wonderfully long drawn out dinner.  The cocktails we had were fantastic (he had an Old Fashioned, I had a cocktail with Aloe) as was the wine (the Barbera) and the appetizers (a seasonal salad and squash soup).  The entrees (paella and short ribs) were also very good, tho a bit disappointing after the phenomenal drinks and starters. We had the profiteroles for dessert - also delish, though I would've preferred fresh cream to ice-cream as the filling.  Our server was absolutely lovely - willing to help and checked in on us often, though was not overbearing.Overall we had an absolutely fantastic time and thoroughly enjoyed our meal.
5	This place is special. I had one of the top meals of my life at Barocco. The short ribs were amazing (so tender, so flavorful), the salmon trout gravlax is not to be missed, and the cocktails didn't disappoint. I loved the ambiance -  stone walls, romantic, low lighting, good music, a mixed crowd (a middle aged couple drawing sketches of how to remodel their home on their table paper, a group of five lively/drunk american guys who were just shy of annoying, a couple seemingly going through a quiet, sad break-up, a few tables filled with dates, me and my mother on a last minute escape from LA & NY).The wait staff was friendly and attentive, but not all overbearing and gave a great recommendation for a bar to go to following our meal.Go, you won't regret it.
5	The very best beef short ribs I have ever eaten.Quite with a great vibe.Staff was very helpful as some of the menu was not in english.I was in the city for 4 days and ate here twice.Good wine list and the bar was comfortable to eat at and hang out and meet locals.I would pass through Montreal just to have dinner at Barroco.
5	The location is great. Friday night, arrived there at 5:50 w/o reservation, waited until 6 and arranged in the bar area. Started with taste of winter, which was fantastic, a great mixture of sour and sweet. The paella is also a good one except the rice is a little bit hard.Had a super nice waitress and would like to visit again!
1	This place had been on my bookmark list for a while so I gave it a try while a friend was visiting from out of town.Upon my entrance I thought the decor was so cozy, rustic and welcoming. People looked cool and young. So I thought this place was right up my alley. Little that I know that I was about to have one of the worst meals I've ever had.I ordered the Chimichurri Bloody Ceaser.. There were way too many unknown "seeds" in it making it difficult to drink. Oyster were yummy.. But it's mother nature's creation. You can't ruin that.Our paella was a disaster. The rice was raw, and DRENCHED in oil. Unseasoned, bland... I added salt, pepper, hot sauce... Nothing could save it. After waiting a long while for it I ultimately had to send it back.. We both did. The waiter politely offered me to order something else.. So I ordered the tagliatelle. That was another disaster. Long strings of pasta swimming in oil. I could scoop up full spoons of oil!! It was inedible. I didn't eat it. My friend ordered a salad to replace his paella so he was safe.Don't be fooled by these positive reviews on here. I took a closer look today and they are mostly tourist reviews.. American tourists. They love greasy food. That pool of oil my pasta was swimming in... Well I'm sure they call that a "sauce".  I'm an avid foodie. I've dined at top rated restaurants all over the world. But let me tell you that the $61 tiny paella is not what paella should taste like. Our bill was $260 without tip and I left completely famished.
4	Wonderful place for a cozy dinner with friends or lover. The food is amazing, the ambiance is lovely and staff is attentive and friendly. If you have the chance make sure to grab a cocktail, you won't be disappointed!
5	Very quaint restaurant in Old Quebec. Outstanding wine list and food presentation was unique!  We enjoyed the Lobster Carbonara and the sea smelts were a unique treat.
5	Please note : I can only comment on the drinks, staff, and ambiance of this place ;) we did not come here for the food on this particular nightAs a group of three ladies in town to celebrate a 30th birthday, we were happy to stumble upon this place after getting the "no" vibe from Flygin (shady club) across the street.Christophe is an amazing bartender and can literally concoct anything you feel like imbibing. He was witty, warm, knowledgeable, and friendly. I enjoyed all of the fancy drinks he created for us that evening, including "The Candice," a delicious blood orange cocktail, named after my birthday girl best friend. Be sure to order it next time!The staff and owners here make you feel very at ease and welcome, and we spent a very long time hanging out and enjoying the AWESOME playlist. Seriously, the music was killer - a mix of old school hip hop, pop, and even some local Quebecois jams. We stayed until the wee hours and had one of the most fun experiences of our lives.Thank you, Barroco, we intend to return next time and try the food!! ;)
4	If I were to rate this place on the food alone it would get 5 stars.  The service, however, was much slower than acceptable, and would have gotten 2-3 stars.  So I'm averaging out the total and giving Barroco 4.The first thing we noticed when we sat down was the extremely impressive drink menu.  This place specializes in mixed drinks and their bartenders do an excellent job.  I was also surprisingly impressed with the bread provided before the meal.  This was one of the best breads I've ever had.  If it isn't homemade, I want to find out where they get it.  For my entree I ordered the daily special which I sadly can't remember the specifics of (shame on me, this is what I get for waiting so long to write the review) but I believe it was salmon and it was awesome.Overall, I would like to come back here but I would likely go with a group of no more than 3 and I would plan on sitting at the bar.  I would enjoy this place more if I had plenty of time to sample the mixed drinks and wasn't in any rush.  Unfortunately this time we were not prepared to make this a late night, and it turned into one due to the slow service.
5	My favorite go to restaurant in Old Montreal.  I sit at the bar and have the plate of the day and one of the best martini's.  The plate of the day is always unique with the freshest meat or fish and vegetables.  Last Tuesday night, I had fresh grilled asparagus, slices of avocado, and branzino.  Their paella cooked with lobster stock, steak tartare, steak, whatever you order you will not be disappointed.  Great atmosphere and I love all the music they play which is a combination of nostalgic rock n roll and jazz. Excellent service by Chris, Rachel and all.
2	The atmosphere:Fun.  Bistro.  Small.  CasualThe serviceThe bar service was slow.  Very slow.  The drinks were not very good.  The bartender was trying to impress by making a show of pouring bottles and making drinks.  Unfortunately, not quite hitting the mark with his blends.  Too much lime, too many liquors.  Too much show and not enough skill.  Young. :)He forgot to put in our order...twice.  He seemed to get distracted frequently.  Then would look over for an 'a-ha' moment and remember he still needed to get our orders fulfilled.The Food:The Tourine was very good.  The meats were excellent as an appetizer.  The bread was ok.  For Montreal, it was a dissapointment.The Paella was a mixed review.  my boyfriend liked it.  I thought it was too 'strong".  Overseasoned.  The one prawn in the dish was cooked perfectly.  Most of the paella was calamari and rice (overcooked).Overall review:Not worth it.  Nice atmosphere, but the food was not worth the price.  I would highly recommend going to Pied De Cochon instead.
5	Outstanding food and service throughout!  Once inside, the interior stone wall and Spanish decor bring you to another place. The service is a bit slow as other reviewers mentioned but the atmosphere and food are so fantastic that you will not mind the slower pace and will enjoy a fine dining experience.
4	Delicious food and delicious cocktails in a romantic atmosphere.
5	This is the restaurant that finally impelled me to sign up for an account on Yelp after all these years. The food, drinks and ambience were pitch perfect. I ordered the seafood paella and split the octopus focaccia starter with my wife, who ordered the veal cutlet special for her entree. All were amazing. The cocktail menu is engaging and the bartenders are skilled. Highly recommended.
5	This place was top notch. Came recommended from our Hotel lobby man. A good distance from the tourist traps. The service was quick, friendly and the waiter was extremely knowledgable ( also happened to be the sommelier). The Wine he recommended was excellent and he stated that the short ribs were excellent. I can say there was nothing short about the ribs. By far the BEST short ribs I have ever had! No knife needed. The garlic potatoes were a bit too garlicky and (dare I say it?) too creamy.   My wife ordered the fresh pasta dish and that was excellent too.   The ambiance was great and seemed just the right size for a restaurant. My recommendation is- if your in Montreal, Go Now!!  I don't believe there is a bad dish on the Menu.  Enjoy!
5	The ambience is excellent, great food and our waitress was awesome! The last night is always the best night.
2	My husband and I had really high hopes for this place. I tried to call a number of times and emailed the restaurant as well for a reservation. No reply either way. However, given the reviews we really wanted to give it a shot. So arrived around 845 to take a chance a a table. The hostess noted a 15 minute wait and we immediately jumped at the chance thinking we had lucked out for my birthday.Ordered a bottle of prosecco and veal tartare to start, both were good. Nothing to write home about though... the waitress was attentive when we arrived then gradually less so..... they had a special that evening of clam, king crab, shrimp and french sausage; pan fried then placed in a saffron lobster sauce. Sounded delicious while quite expensive at $49. But then again it was my birthday dinner so we went for it. my husband ordered the short rib.The bread that kept arriving at other tables never made it to ours, which was disappointing but I did want to save my appetite for the actual goodness to come. so no harm no foul there really...After our veal tartare, we basically sat and waited. our glasses were empty but no one came to refill us.  no one even glanced our way for a entire period between our courses... I kept my optimism as I waited for the ever so rich and scrumptious sounding dinner.When it did come, it was borderline lukewarm.  The broth too salty and nothing tasting as it should. I like my meals hot, and for the price you pay you would expect it as such. The short rib was not as tender as we had hoped either. We actually did need a knife.All in all, poor service, disorganized and mediocre food. I'm sure it would have been much better had it been hot. Sadly they did not allow me to have that experience and provide what may have been a better review
5	Came here last week while in Montreal for a wedding. The decor is very cozy with a nice contrast of old Montreal with a modern flare. We sat at the bar because we thought we would just have a drink or two. We were instantly impressed by the cocktail "book" and were given some recommendations by the bar tender (who was fantastic!). He let us try some of the ingredients and was really friendly. Throughout the night we watched some amazing looking dishes come out of the kitchen and decided to order a few things. The burrata cheese and tomato dish of phyllo pastry was incredible. We had oysters and the cheese cake, which may have been one of the best I've ever had. We ended up staying much longer than we planed to (and many more drinks than we planned to!). Next time I'm in Montreal, I will make a point to return!
5	Excellent dining experience. Jermil at Intercontinental recommended this spot and was able to get us a reservation immediately when another reservation elsewhere had fallen through. We were not disappointed. Our server was very pleasant. We were seated and served promptly. The rib steak is AMAZING. The portions are extremely generous and I could not finish mine, although I wish I could. They make an excellent sabayon as well. The old stone walls and candle lit fireplace lend a nice ambience to the meal and the wine suggestions were spot on.
5	I have been to this place 3 times and I live in Miami. I love this place!  The ambiance is the best. The service just cannot be improved as it is the best just as the food. I love their short ribs and to start the tomatoes with burrata. Of course you must start with a maple old fashioned. Also I'm sure all the waiters and waitresses are excellent but I love Rachel or Raquel as I call her. She is the best. She will ensure that you have a great experience!  One last tip, do make a reservation. Enjoy!
4	I'll admit that I feel like the food at Barroco is Heavy (with a capital H), but it's oh-so-good! As for the atmosphere - romantic, cozy, intimate. Drinks? Check. They do 'em right here.Standout dishes include the short rib, which is decadent and fall-apart yummy, the steak tartare, and foie gras. When are all of those things not good, I suppose. ;)  But that's the beauty of Barroco: the food here is universally foolproof. I feel like the only people who won't enjoy the food here are those who are in the mood for an airy, light dish, or have expectations for something super different and inventive.The bar's whiskey drinks are particularly good, even if they are a touch heavy on the sweet stuff (a bit much sugar in the Old Fashioneds, a tad more Sweet Vermouth in a Manhattan than I'd do), but I'm splitting hairs there as a  personal preference.So, is Barroco cheating a little by serving nothing but easy-to-love food & drink? Probably a little. But who cares? They do an exceptional job at it, so just go there, sit back, stuff your belly with deliciousness, and be happy!
5	We enjoyed a fabulous meal here the evening of our 20th wedding anniversary.A small, intimate, romantic setting matched by truly fine cuisine make this a must-go-to-place when visiting Montreal.My wife had the foie grois and I had the short ribs, I cannot recommend the short ribs enough!! Highly recommended.
3	Loud music from 70-90s didn't match the ambiance of the place. Poor selection of wine by glass. While the food was good, it wasn't an outstanding value for the money.Prompt friendly service.
2	The ambiance was great and it seemed like it would be a good dining experience, but it was not a good experience. We ordered the steak for two to share. The menu says a 45 minute wait, and we were okay with this. It took 1.5 hours for the steak to come, we ordered medium rare and it was medium. If you love steak like us, medium and medium rare are two very different ways. After coming for dinner at 915pm, we ate at 1130pm. We asked for the rest to be packed up. They actually left out the bone piece that had significant meat on it, but somehow packed up the fat that we cut off our steak. How incredibly rude are you to pick and choose what you pack up for your customers?!?! Especially since we waited over 2 hours to eat our meal. The wait staff was only nice when we flagged them down to remind them that we still haven't eaten; they showed little to no care of our presence, and we had to get their attention to top off our drinks.  The food was nothing special and the service was non-existent.  I would not go back.
3	Not sure what the hype is here. when we sat down, they were out of a fish dish, the dry aged steak, and two side dishes. considering there are only about 10 entrees, two missing seemed like a lot . the wine list was ridiculously overpriced.  I had a decidedly average paella for a decidedly above average price. I felt like they wanted you to spend more money, and given our initial reception, I was not inclined to. I don't mind paying a lot for great food, but I do mind spending a lot for average food.
4	I went to the Barocco with one my best buddy. We like to think that we are foodies and understand what it takes for a place to be successful. We had a spot at the bar (we like to be close to the action). Food was very good. We had oysters as appetizers and we shared a rib roast for 2. Plenty of meat for two guys. I would say that the decor and atmosphere is an acquired taste. We had the feeling that there were a lot of tourists (nothing wrong with that given the location), but that's not really what we expected. Barman/waiter was super nice though. Checked off the list, but will probably not going to be back given the other places that we want to try!
