3	Now, this place is a staple for students.  Located right by UNLV, when school is session the Aloha Kitchen is always packed when lunchtime rolls around.  However, students also don't have the most discerning of tastes.  The big draw here is the $3 chicken teriyaki 'bowl.'  It's basically just a few pieces of chicken teriyaki and some rice, and for $3 it's definitely a steal and when you're done you're not hungry anymore.  The thing is, it's not that good really.  The sauce is kind of bland and I've found the chicken to be fatty.  But, hey, what do you expect for $3?They have a no-debit-card-under-$5 policy which is super annoying when you live off of plastic like I do.  I was forced to get some spring rolls that I didn't want once because I wasn't aware of this policy.  The good thing was that the spring rolls were better than the chicken bowl.
4	Aside from the loud college students over on the corner (at that bar, dunno the name), chillin outside, and hanging out inside waiting for their ONE friend who decided to actually eat.. I liked this place.It's cozy, the people are nice, and they even bring your food over to your table.I ordered the Bulkogi Plate ($8.50) which is marinated ribeye w/ 2 scoops of rice, salad, and macaroni salad.  MMMMM, soo good.We got spam masubi on the side (rice, spam, and teriyaki sauce wrapped in seaweed), and is definitely worth a try if you've never had it before.Um o yea, free refills!
3	There's Hawaiian food, and then there's Hawaiian food.  My introduction to such fare was in Hawaii, many years ago.  First was the inevitable luau which, although touristy, nonetheless introduced me to such foods as kalua pig, lomi lomi salmon, and taro.  Next came the "traditional" restaurant.  "Traditional" is in quotes because I'm not quite sure what tradition was being followed, but it was an attempt to offer some of the foods eaten by Hawaiians in the not too distant past, and even into the present.  I got my first taste of poi, which by the way is actually pretty good as a foil to the salty foods often served.  I then moved to a locals restaurant that served many of the same dishes, and fell in love with haupia, which when properly prepared is coconut heaven and when poorly prepared is coconut jello.  Lastly, I was introduced to the then new Pacific Rim (aka Asian fusion) cuisine.Aloha Kitchen isn't like any of those places. The menu is representative of what is sometimes called local Hawaiian food, and caters to the large local Hawaiian community that has taken root in Las Vegas.  The food is an amalgam of Pacific Rim cuisines.  It is cheap and filling.  A typical meal is the mix plate, consisting of two scoops of white rice, a scoop of macaroni salad, and one or more items such as kalua pork, chicken katsu, and pork lau lau.  Spam is also a mainstay (spam sushi!), or try the loco moco (bed of rice, hamburger patty, eggs sunny side up, and a big ladle of brown gravy).  Health food lovers need not apply.Like most such restaurants, Aloha Kitchen is very plain, and very inexpensive.  The Maryland Parkway location is near UNLV, and feels like a typical university hole-in-the-wall place.  Order at the counter, take a seat, and your meal will be brought to you.Meal #1:  I had never had a loco moco before, and decided to give it a try.  Loco Moco is a bowl of steamed rice, with a fried hamburger patty on top, followed by a generous portion of brown gravy, and a couple of sunny side up eggs.  The rice was bland, the gravy was bland, the hamburger was bland.  Once is enough!Meal #2:  I decided to try a typical meal - one of the many mix plate combinations.  In this case it consisted of kalua pork, chicken katsu, and of course rice and macaroni salad.  The kalua pork was salty but flavorful, good in combination with the bland rice.  The real winner was chicken katsu, a kind of Japanese fried chicken with a sweet barbecue sauce on top.Meal #3:  I got the local plate: chicken, beef, Spam musubi, macaroni salad, and rice, all for the bargain price of $6.99.  The beef consisted of thin small slices of beef with a sweet barbecue sauce, on top of sprouts of some sort.  On top of the beef was a thin piece of chicken, skin on, sauted until the skin was crisp.  Both were very good.  Next, Spam musubi; I had to try it.  There were two pieces.  Each pieced consisted of a thin slice of Spam (about 3" x 1.5" x 1/8"), fried until crisp, on top of a thick layer of warm rice with barbecue sauce, wrapped in a large sheet of seaweed.  It wasn't as weird as I expected, although the seaweed was too chewy.  I'd give it a mild thumbs up.This kind of food isn't fancy; it's heavy on the fat, heavy on the carbs.  I love it!  Aloha Kitchen serves a decent representation of the stuff.  I have a feeling there must be better versions out there, but this one is pretty good.
3	Teriyaki bowl is great, but I absolutely love the macaroni salad. It's amazing.
3	I wasn't very fond of this place at all.  I still much prefer the one on Sahara and Decatur.  The cashier seemed uninterested and the food really wasn't prepared as good as the other restaurant.  I can't say that I would go back again unless there wasn't anything else on that block to eat.
1	By service alone, this place is crap. The girl at the register had to have an IQ of a doorknob. I phoned in an order one time and when I got there, I paid and sat down. I waited 20 minutes before the doorknob realized my food had been ready since I got there. And when I asked why she didn't tell me, she just looked at the cook, who had about the same IQ, and they both shrugged.That's what you get when you hire a bunch of middle school dropouts. Who cares if the food was even good, this place sucks...
2	As teriyaki chicken rice bowls go, this place has an okay one at a reasonable price, especially on the student special.  It's nothing spectacular, but it's filling enough.  Maybe I'll return to try something more interesting, but I'm not in a huge hurry to do so.I hate downgrading, but today's visit was kind of icky.  I had a student special again, this time with added vegetables.  They drowned the vegetables in more gooey teriyaki sauce (the chicken bowl last time had just enough to be tasty), and they were blah vegetables (celery and cabbage, just short of overcooked) at that.
3	Decent hawaiian food, i'd have to say better then L& L because they do have more selection.Ordered the Spam and Eggs...Yumm! I've been meaning to try the adobo fried rice...that might have to be for my next visit to the city of sin.
4	Aside from the typical L&L's around just about every corner, whenever we go to Vegas, we usually go to the restaurant inside CALIFORNIA in downtown.  Don't get me wrong, that place is great - great food at great prices, but to me, this place has just a touch more.By having the combination of the Hawaiian, Japanese, and Filipino food - this place has won me over! I've only had the pleasure of going once, but I'll definitely be going back! Since I did my yelp homework before coming, I decided to get the adobo fried rice omelet.  Aside from the fact that I LOVE adobo, I wanted to try this because of ALL the other hawaiian eateries, NO ONE has this on their menu.  The plate cost something around $6ish and you definitely get your money's worth.  The omelet was HUGE! No matter how hard I tried, I could not finish the food - but trust me, I wanted to.  But again, I'm simple - I LOVE adobo - so this place had me!! It's basically adobo fried rice stuffed inside an egg omelet. Simple, yet perfect.We also had an order of their lumpia which comes with about 6 pieces for $2.99.  The rest of my family had other "traditional" filipino dishes like spam and eggs with rice, portugese sausage with egg and rice (not so filipino), and tapsilog! But really, their menu isn't just breakfast foods - there was an array of soups, chicken, korean bbq, ... really, just about anything!After ordering your food at the counter, you merely take a seat anywhere in the restaurant and wait for the server to bring your food to you.  I wouldn't necessarily expect all star service, but it's definitely not bad service... this definitely is a step up from fast food, trust me!Would I come here again?? Of course! I can't wait until someone decides to open one up near me!!
4	I love's me some real Hawaiian plate lunch...whenever I'm in Vegas, I'm sure to get my fix here.  (I kno, I kno, it's not Oahu, but it's usually the closest I can get from NYC)not far from the main strip, you just take Tropicana Ave east until you hit Maryland Parkway. these guys seem to close fairly early (10pm) but I hear that the overly touristy one on Decatur Ave stays open til 5am!
4	Don't ask me why but this location is much better than the other one on Charleston. I love the service here better. They do not rush you. The cook is awesome. The food is freshly prepared and everything is so reasonably priced. A great perk, it's like $4.99 or something like that for a chicken bowl and a drink. You can't find that these days. Oh yeah, but before I forget to mention, that deal is only valid if you have a student ID. I was happy. They accepted my ID from work, since I work at a school. I guess it almost makes me a student huh. Anyways, I love the adobo fried rice and the pork adobo plate was tasty. I was like WHOA!! That's a lot of food. Even with friends helping to munch on everything, we didn't finish our meal. The OX Tail soup wasn't available so we weren't happy about that but the food we did order was bomb. I know some locals don't like this place too much but this is a treat for us, since all we have is the usual L&L type stuff. This is the spot when we come to vegas. It's always open when we need and it's quick and easy. THANKS!!
3	The plan was to get sandwiches at Capriottio's next door, but they were closed, so what's the next thing to sandwiches, meat and rice. Disclaimer: I was pretty out of it when we came here to eat (damn you vegas), so my memory might be a little off.First impressions, typical hawaiian plate lunch place with the typical foods; spam, teri meats, kalua pork, etc. but they also had filipino food which is an added bonus. I got the adobo and katsu combo - the katsu was okay nothing special, but the adobo was decent, wished they gave more of the sauce. The only disappointment was the mac salad, it seems as if I was eating straight mayonnaise, no flavor. Best part of the meal they have Fruit Punch. Cheehee!
2	When I went to Las Vegas for my bachelorette party, I had one main objective:  get some hawaiian food.It wasn't until my last day there when I got that chance.  I ordered the adobo fried rice and it wasn't as good as I had previously remembered.  It was ultra greasy, and it had a weird scent.  I don't like being let down when it comes to food, especially when I look forward to it for so long.
2	Honestly, I've been here before and I really enjoyed it the first time; but this last time....how do you keep running out of fried chicken?  Ahh...when I did have the opportunity to taste the fried chicken, it was like home cooking.  So crunchy, just the right amount of seasoning...truly grubb'n!  Now, I wonder if that was fluke, since the katsu was ok and my husband's tapsilog did not hit the spot.  The saving grace was the Adobo fried rice omelet.  sorry, that's what's up with this spot.
4	This location is closer to the strip which is a plus, however, I feel like the one on Decatur had more extra stuff. I'm pretty sure I was able to get halo-halo at the one on Decatur.Anyway, I ordered my usual adobo omelet and it was just as good as I remembered. I love eating it with some sriracha. Since it is massive in size, I had leftovers for lunch the next two days. The portions are large, which is always enjoyable. You get your monies worth!
2	The food wasn't horrible, but as a Korean, if you're going to serve Kalbi (beef short ribs), it'd better not be stingy.  The Kalbi I had was sliced paper thin and not very meaty.  There was chicken katsu, and terriyaki with the plate, both not too bad.  The plate and a drink came out to 10, a little overpriced for lackluster fare.
4	Wow...if only CALI can have them! Amazing!Their adobo fried rice was awesome. I got the spam and eggs with rice and yum! Fast service and definitely fattening...not for the healthy folks, but hey it's Vegas! Oh and it's cheap, so definitely the spot to regroup and save dinero!
5	love their teri chicken and mac salad, brings me right back to hawaii
4	Really, I don't know how anyone could NOT love this place!! I can have the adobo fried rice omelette over and over again! My friend ordered his adobo fried rice with sunny side up eggs... it looked GREAT - that's definitely my next adventure! We need one in CA!!!
3	Great Kalbi plate!!!! These short ribs are marinated well. Awesome flavor. The Teriyaki plates are pretty good too,  the sauce needs a little sweetness, I think. The macaroni salad is the bomb. I like this place, good food for a good price. I tried the chicken wings...not worth it.  The appetizers are not that good and cost almost as much as a plate. Stick to the combination plates.
4	Adobo fried rice omelette..nuff said...really though, they have Filipino and Japanese dishes and we always have to start here when we visit the LV...YOu must try if you're in the area...
4	The adobo fried rice omelette is so good (thanks for all the recommendations, yelpers!).  The adobo meat is really tender and there are big chunks of it throughout the fried rice.  I could eat this every day!  Sometimes I get the adobo on its own and it's really good too.The chicken curry is also really good and full of chicken and veggies.  When you order take out, you get a really big container full of curry and a large plate of rice.This place gets really busy around lunch and dinner so you may want to call in your order beforehand.
4	Mmm loco moco! Totally hit the spot since I had been craving Hawaiian food for months now (haven't been able to find a place in Philly). Since they have a pretty big menu, I want to try more!
5	Aloha Kitchen definitely satisfied my longest craving for local Hawaiian food.  Living on the East Coast does take a toll on the Local when it comes to food, and I knew that one of my biggest priorities when visiting Vegas was to find good Hawaiian grinds.I found Aloha Kitchen on a random google search.  It was also the place of choice because it's about a 10-15 minute bus ride from the airport on the 109.  This is great for those of us who are cheap and like to save money by not renting a car and utilizing public transportation.  And, it literally drops you off right across the street.The food selection was plentiful, so I had a really hard time deciding on something.  I ended up ordering a Hawaiian plate that included laulau, kalua pig, and the usual scoops of rice and ono mac salad.  In addition, I also ordered a couple of manapuas.  I tried to order poke, but they already ran out--and it was only noon!  You know when something runs out that quick, it has to be good.  Great for them, bad for me, I guess!  The funny thing is that I kept thinking "you can't screw up laulau and kalua pig", but then I had to remind of myself that you CAN.  It wasn't dry, too salty, or even mushy, which are sometimes an issue.  It was just like how it is back home in Hawai'i.My partner had the katsu/curry plate really liked it.  Unfortunately, I was too much of a pig indulging in my meal to sample from his plate, so I personally can't attest to its goodness.  Would I go back there again?  Absolutely!  Great location, great price, ono food--what else do you need?  Oh yes, the employees were very nice, too!
5	Adobo fried rice omelet.Some of the best comfort food to be had off the Strip.  If you like ANY of the components (adobo + fried rice + omelet), then all three combined will seriously blow your mind.Large dining space and parking lot.  Not far from UNLV.  If I could perfect this, I would never go out for brekkie again (OK, almost never).
4	This place was recommended by one of my coworkers.  I have to say they have THE best Adobo Fried Rice Omelet (a.k.a. Adobo Burrito) ever! Our first time there, we didn't know what to expect so we ordered 3!  OMG, we had no idea that the portion were huge!!  You can seriously feed a whole family with one.  Highly recommended and price is very reasonable.  It's an all time favorite and definitely worth the trip whenever your in Vegas.
4	I personally like aloha kitchen. Ive been going there for years now, me being from southern Cali, this is the place we stop at before we go home, we used to also go to the sanwich spot next door but they closed down (i think it was called caparellis), anyway, I suggest you order the adobo omelete, its wonderful!!! and get extra adobo sauce with it!!!
4	ADOBO FRIED RICE. Came here with folks on the way out of vegas. price is right and food is on point. tastes just like i came from a family party (filipino style family party) and decided to get creative with the leftovers. thats how the adobo fried rice omelet  came about. soooo good. shared a adobo and katsu with lumpia and it was enough for 3 people!!! (have it be we each ordered the adobo fried rice omelet to our selves not know the size of the portion.)better than L&L but ranks up there with Homesyle Hawaiian out here in san diego. (MO dont worry i still prefer you over these guys)
4	Every time I come out here w/ the sig fig and her fam, they make sure to come out to Aloha Kitchen...and I asked why.  Well, I stopped asking that question as soon as I took my first bite of my adobo omelet!  I come for one item - the aforementioned adobo omelet.  Pretty much chicken adobo(filipino dish-very popular) with garlic fried rice, all placed lovingly and heftingly into a nice large egg omelet.  It's like a filipino torta/burrito, he he he.  The omelet is large and in charge and can be a pretty hefty meal; but I finished the last one all by myself.  The few times before, I shared, but I always wanted more - so I will always order one for myself in the future.  They've gotten a little smaller, but maybe it was just that one day that we went, because usually the portions are huge.Now my friends like the other items on the menu as well, so I would definitely go back and maybe try something else, along w/ my fav item.  There are several locations, but this is the one I like going to the most.  We've never really eaten there; always carried out, but the staff is very friendly when we make call our order in for pickup and the place is generally crowded enough.  Parking is pretty open since it's just off the strip, so eat there when you can, but most people I know pick some up for the ride home; when they drive.Come often and come for the omelet!  :)
4	I try to make it an effort to come to Aloha Kitchen each time I visit Vegas. I would have to say that Aloha Kitchen is the best hangover food ever!! Here are a few things to try that make them oh so delish to come back.Adobo fried rice omelet. Mmm.. just like home. Homemade adobo (pork) cooked in garlic fried rice wrapped in an omelet! How can you not resist that! The adobo is perfect, tangy, soft and peppery. You can share this omelet however it is best to buy one for yourself and eat the rest for leftovers.  I like to dip my rice in hot sauce it gives a better kick!Things I have also tried: Spam plate- nothing to fancy straight forward, you can ask them to cook is crispy or soft. Corn beef hash- mmm.. I love corn beef hash. They make it crispy on the outside and soft in the side. Eat it with rice, over easy eggs and ketchup! Adobo Katsu- Adobo with chicken katsu, rice and macaroni salad! The prices are decent and the food is great. However if you come in large groups they tend to forget a order :/ . It has happened to our party twice. A good place to check out off the strip!
3	This place used to be on regular rotation before I went vegetarian. I loved the spam dishes, and adored the chicken katsu...I also am still frequently tempted by the kalua pig and cabbage...However, now that I am vegetarian, I've only been back twice. The most recent trip about a week ago, I enjoyed stir fried veggies, rice and the veggie egg rolls. The stir fried veggies (made with butter) and rice were absolutely delicious. My only complaint is that the diversity of veggies in the stir fry is very limited to cabbage, carrots, and maybe some peppers. I love the way AK makes their rice, and had no complaints. The portion size was also massive. As for the egg rolls, they just didn't do it for me. They were cooked okay, but were pretty bland, and the sauce with them didn't really help. The service at AK has always been good, and this was no exception. I dined with a co-worker, and a family from the mid-west who we had just met. The family loved their food, and thought it was very flavorful. So, if you are not used to Hawaiian food, this place could change your life. I am glad to know I can get full on a plate of veggies and rice, with enough left over to take home for all under $6.50.
3	After a multitude of visits to Aloha at whatever time of day, I can safely say that if you want a really excellent lunch or dinner while staying on a budget head to Aloha Kitchen.The student special is pretty much unbeatable-it's $3.99 for a chicken teriyaki plate, they have never asked to see my student id either. It's filling and tasty. I have also ordered the chicken katsu, the mixed combos that include Kalbi ribs and pork, and the adobo fried rice omlette. The kalbi is really yummy, as is the katsu. The fried rice omlette is very salty and both times I have had it, it was a little dry. Definitely need a drink to wash this one down. The portions for everything are huge. Service is always pleasant. The rice is ok, and the macaroni salad I enjoy, especially over L&L's.
3	i got the adobo fried rice omlet after reading all the good reviews here and it was indeed tasty. my friend got the mixed plate and it was pretty good.  large portions. good mac salad (simple but critical).  but deep fried shu mai??  no, no, oh for the love of God no..    that shouldn't even be legal. over all a nice place to have friendly staff hand you a spam musubi
5	Of the things that I tried here, it made me wish i attended UNLV.The adobo fried rice omelette really does get mixed reviews: either so-so or delicious. It really depends on how it's made apparently, because when I tasted mine...it was AMAZING.There wasn't much chicken, but i felt like it was because the sheer amount of the rice. I think the omelette was AT LEAST 6 eggs, weighing in at about a pound and a half. Also tried their mac salad, tapsilog, and chicken katsu and all were delicious. We came in a large group and they were really nice and patient, which was a plus.
4	A new favorite when ever I visit Las Vegas. Went here for breakfast two days in a row. Got the breakfast special tapsilog the first day and the next day the adobo fried rice omelet. Both dishes were excellent. The location has a feeling of home and cool island style decorations.The prices and service are great to. I'll be returning soon. What next to try?
4	Big portions and delicious Hawaiian food.  The venue was clean and had a nice vibe to it.  Went with a huge party and the food came out pretty quick.A definite revisit when I go back to Las Vegas.
5	This is the second time I've been here and I just find myself ordering the same thing again!  The Adobo Fried Rice Omelet hits the spot once again after a night full of drinking.  The portion of this omelet is enough to feed two...... but who goes here to share?!?!?!?!  From the first bite, you can easily tell the chicken has been marinating its its adobo juice.  The rice is there to just suck up all the flavors.  I like to add a layer of Siracha hot sauce on top to give it a little kick.  This place is soo good!  The staff is really nice too!  Ill be back in February so hopefully I have courage to try something different................ like their tosilog............then get the Adobo Omelet to go!! Hahaha!
4	Ever since my cousin introduced me to this place, I have to make a stop.. every time I'm in vegas.Adobo Omelet.It can feed 2.It's AMAZING.That's all :)
4	Alooooohaaa!!! Been to this spot like 5 times and I've always got their Adobo Fried Rice Omelet. I figure that all Islander restaurants have the same menu... but what place has an adobo omelet?? Exactly....The omelet is filled with pork adobo chunks and all the rice is pretty much soaked in the sauce. No complaints. The egg is probably like 3 eggs that is cooked just right. They also add green onions to the egg, which I think is awesome! I like to put Siracha on top to give it some spicy hotness. Yummmmmm..... the omelet is huge so if you're not a heavy eater, then I suggest that you share it =)I also get a spam musubi to go for the long car ride or the hour flight back to San Diego. I usually get my musubi's dry, I don't like the sauce they put in it. Service is great there and the omelet is on point... I'm sure the other items are good, you just have to read the other people's reviews to find out about them.Not aloha hello... aloha goodbye!! Cheeeehooo!!
5	I've been craving their food since last time I was in Vegas and it was just right that I came back ... craving for more!Since the friend and I were running low on energy... plus we had to watch a show in an awkward time... why not load up now!?We did just that...I finally tried their Adobo Fried Rice Omelette with a side of spam masubi... with coconut juice... HEAVEN. I ate 75% of the omelette... it was honestly delicious! I also inhaled the spam masubi!Friend got the loco moco (since he never had it before...) and he devoured it. He wanted to trade when we got our food... I said no. Yes, I'm mean... but when a girl is hungry... you don't mess with my food!Our total for all our stuff... $20+ = our cheapest meal this past weekend!Definitely try it out folks... it's so close to the strip... you won't get disappointed!PS: they had tapsilog for $4.99... was so tempted to get it but that would be gluttony overload. Next time... hopefully they'll still have it!
5	Always on my list of food stops in Vegas. I don't ever order anything but the adobo fried rice omelet. It never fails to satisfy -- it's cheap and filling. It's big enough to share (but you won't want to). Enough said.
4	We always grab a bite here when we land in Vegas. Usually a morning flight so the adobo fried rice omelet hits the spot... Lately I've been getting a bento box and a spam musubi. Bento box consists of beef & chicken teriyaki, a slice of spam and a scoop of macaroni salad over rice. Don't forget the furikake on top of the rice. All of it is delish. Food is cheap. Service is good. Order at the counter, they give you a number and your food is brought to you. Can't go to Vegas without stopping by Aloha Kitchen.
5	What can I say about this place......Its BOMB DIGGITY!!!  Always go here everytime I go to vegas, right before we make the drive back home to San Diego. Always order the Adobo Fried Rice Omelet! I've also tried the Oxtail Soup here but does not compare to California Hotel's Oxtail Soup. The omelet portion can probably feed a small family of three but I've always finished it by myself feeling food coma right after. There is no place like Aloha kitchen, highly highly recommend trying their Adobo Omelet spectacular!!
5	What can be said about this place that isn't good? I love Aloha Kitchen! It's probably my favorite Hawaiian joint in town.I've never had anything bad from Aloha, but these are my favorites:Corned Beef and Hash w/ 2 Eggs - $4.99Tapsilog w/ 2 Eggs - $4.99 (This usually runs out in the afternoon)Aloha Plate (Teriyaki Chicken and Beef w/ Chicken Katsu) - $7.59Manapua - $1.50Lumpia Shanghai - $2.99As long as this place is open, I'll be a valued customer. Friendly and quick service, along with tasty food.
5	ADM, I heart Aloha Kitchen.  I've lived on Maui and Oahu and have not found a local mixed plate spot that rivals Aloha Kitchen.  Back in my days at UNLV, I used to frequent this place; and I still have yet to find anything as great.  Teri-combo along with some lumpia shanghai and extra mac salad- I ordered this every time without fail.  When I go back to Vegas, two places are on my radar: Aloha Kitchen and In-n-Out.  If I had to chose between the two, I'd say goodbye to In-n-Out any day.
4	I had my first loco moco here. What an awesome dish.So close to UNLV and reasonably priced. I will always have a special place in my heart for Aloha Kitchen. Awww.
4	Good food, decent prices, and pretty casual. Best of all, they have a ton of space so groups are fine and they are never packed.
4	This place is a must stop whenever we are in vegas... and its usually the last meal before a long drive home back to southern california... Does it help I'm a Filipino who loves Hawaii? Yeah...but it probably helps more that I'm a glutton for punishment.I usually order their signature dish, the Adobo Fried Rice Omelette.  It tastes like Mom's cooking... but instead of a runny egg, its omelette style...very clever.  Pair this with a Lilikoi Hawaiin Sunrise drink... and you're set.Their other hawaiin dishes are ok, and their silogs (filipino breakfasts) are also pretty decent, overall its a great place to grub.The only thing I felt wasn't really good was their Ox Tail Soup.  What I figured was KareKare, or some kind of Nilaga...was not... the broth was pretty tasteless.Workers here a young, probably highschool or UNLV students... and mostly asian/filipino/hawaiin... so usually pretty cute ;) Cute girls tha work in a restaurant always makes my food taste better.
3	All my friends who have been here make it a point to make a stop here at least once while they're in Vegas. We came here on our way back home from Vegas. I kept hearing all these great things about their adobo fried rice omelet which sounded so intriguing! I like adobo, and I like omelets so that sounded like a win-win already. It's a pretty decent sized restaurant with another room in the back with more seats. Our group of 12 was able to push together seats and tables so we can all sit together. We ordered separately and they give you a number placard to put on your table. So we all ordered one by one and sat waiting at our table. Service: Pretty disappointing. The food started coming out at the same time, some dishes took longer than others but for the most part people who ordered the same item got theirs at the same time. Then it started to slow down and about 6 people had their food already but only 2 people were given forks. We had to constantly remind our server to bring out forks, etc. to us. After 10 more minutes almost all of us got our food except for one person... when everyone else who ordered the same exact dish already had theirs and was halfway through eating it by then. No joke, it took another 10-15 minutes for his dish to finally come out. I asked our server, Ana if they had forgotten about his dish to which she replied no. mm hmm, because it always takes about 30 minutes to make one more tapsilog right? We got the food with no explanation or even acknowledgment that it was late. After that whenever I needed something I went right up to the counter so I didn't have to wait. I would understand if the restaurant was packed, but at the time we were there it wasn't. Food: This is at least the good part. The food was good here. We ordered the adobo omelet which was excellent on both aspects. I like to think of it as adobo fried rice with a better presentation of the egg portion. Like I said, you can't go wrong with adobo & an omelet. I also ordered the Loco Moco, which was also good. I thought it was very similar to L&L's Loco Moco, but then again since I waited for everyone to get their food it was cold by the time I ate it- still good anyway. Since I base my ratings on my overall experience at a restaurant (service, food, & ambiance), I had to knock off stars for the service portion.  Hey, what can I say, service can make or break your experience am I right?  At least the food was good enough for me to come back again next time I'm in Vegas.  Maybe I'll try one of the other locations though instead and hope for a better time.
4	3 words: Adobo Fried Rice ^_^
4	Go here for your Hawaiian food / filipino fix!  I always get the Adobo Omlett!! so good...but i have had Chicken Katsu from here and other food.  Def  a must if you are sick from the vegas buffets.
3	Whenever I am craving Kalbi ribs, I go here. It's right next to UNLV and a great alternative to the fast food burger joints that saturate the area. I usually call in an order and pick it up on my way home, which is very convenient and very quick: 10 min at the most. Everyone is very friendly and the restaurant is simple and clean.I have heard the adobo friend rice omelet is awesome. I still have yet to try it. But I trust the hype. How can you go wrong with adobo and fried rice?? Oh, don't forget to look out for the specials and UNLV student discounts. They also sell delicious Hawaiian Sun drinks to quench your thirst. Yum!
4	I have been here twice. The first time I ordered the adobo fried rice omelette. It was really good. The only other time I have eaten that was at Babycakes. Aloha Kitchen's is just as good, but makes a better lunch. I would definitely order it again. The second time I ordered the Kalbi combo and my wife ordered the mix plate. Both were good, but I think I liked the mix plate just a little better than the Kalbi combo. Aloha Kitchen has an impressive menu, reasonable prices, and good food. I will definitely be back.
4	ordered the calbi ribs and instead of rice switched it with two scoops of their macaroni salad. Pretty solid lunch if you ask me. Enough to get you satisfied and through the day. Although the ribs turned up a little burnt, but  it didn't bother me.
2	Okay so up til today, I'd have to say I liked this place...sometimes over Ross J's Aloha Grill...There. .. I said it.  The reason? Well I really do love the Korean Chicken Teriyaki bowl at Ross J's...its only $3.50 plus they give you extra sauce if you ask...free of charge...   I alternate between this and the Aloha Kitchen's Chicken Teriyaki bowl for several of the following reasons:1)The sauce at Ross J's is a bit on the salty side...AK has sweeter sauce.2) I get really good service at AK and when i study at UNLV=convenience 3) The portions have been more than adequate..(The chicken rice bowl as well as the Local plate)Why they now down to 2 star rather than 4.5 star in my book ? ..    Local plate no longer comes with RICE! WTH? They were really nice and just offered the rice after I made it a point to pay for a side portion of the rice so that was cool of them.  But i was quite taken back by their explanation of why this place no longer adds the rice in this $7.59 combination plate ( The menu says that all combos are served with rice and mac salad) "We don't add the rice anymore because we put rice in the musubi!" Okay..first of all...if you are going to offer spam musubi..it comes with rice on its own...it isn't good business to try to skim customers out of clearly what was printed on all the menus.  You don't advertise a plate with spam masubi and give customers the spam and tell them to pay extra for the rice do you? Vice versa...you shouldn't sell something with spam musubi and say that the rice is now counted as part of a dish and the portion of the rice that has always been included with it is no longer included! The employee was nice and told me that she has told management to change it on the menu...Problem is the rationale for excluding the rice now is irrational. I have always been happy with paying the extra 50 cents for extra sauce (although Ross J's never charged) because i liked it so much and i wanted to support the business.  But after today, i feel disappointed with this place...Lastly, I ordered Mixed vegetables for a friend...opened the container and was really disappointed by their version of the mixed vegetables.  There was only cabbage and a few strands of onion...($1.99 for mixed veggies).  I think if you were going to charge this price..at least add a few for types of veggies..broccoli, bean sprouts ...carrots..something..not just plain cabbage that costs pennies on the dollar..If you are in the area, like this sort of Hawaiian food ...the portion is okay...decent flavor & its still way better than L&L.  Unfortunately I don't like how this place does business.   Ross J's=You are still my #1 favorite..Thumbs down...
3	Besides from all the fast food places surrounding campus, this is the place to go when I want a meal I won't feel *too* guilty about and something that is quick. I usually order the miso soup with rice when I'm in a hurry/want something light, but I also adore the chicken katsu and mahi mahi dishes.Not being too big of a fan because most of their food is a tad bit greasy for my tasting, its convenient for me because I could simply walk across the street from a study break from my classes and it's not a far distance. This location isn't that busy, but usually has a college crowd that passes through.
3	They're OK. I use to right them off completely because the quality of food never compared to back home, price, frequently got bad service, and prefered the other hawaiian place that was down the road towards harmon ave (which closed down awhile back).  But they slowly improved and earned my approval. prices are mid range. lots of seating, pretty good menu selection. good location. short walk between clasess for UNLV students.
4	Adobo fried rice omlette!!!!!!!!!!! Enough said. Friendly good ppl. intersection: maryland/tropicana. not too far from strip at all. I will hit this place everytime when Im in vegas now.
4	Have you heard enough about the adobo omelet yet?  Let's say it's legit n tasty and move on, haha.  Not very strong tasting, but still good, even better w/some hot sauce.The tapsilog is also yummy!! It's super strong tastingSpam musubi's just alright.. Yay for unlimited drink refillsI believe there's siracha but u gotta ask for it.
3	Adobo Rice Omelette is okay. That's probably the best menu item. Don't get the Chinese Pork Rice Omelette... definitely not a good combination. I'm mostly writing this review because their service (whether it's 10AM on a Monday or not) was super ridiculous. I don't know how much those two employees care about their job, but don't jip us our white rice from our $8 COMBINATION PLATTER because "we didn't ask for rice when we ordered." UHHH, it's a freaking $8 combo platter, we better get rice with it. And the employees that morning were also trying to charge my friend $1.60 for a to-go water cup, but decided to giver her a break. :| Whaaaack. Definitely forgettable. Same thing as L&L just worse service.
2	I ordered one local plate and a chicken adobo omelette.Local Plate:Rice only comes with the plate upon request? Really? The reason I was given was "because a lot of people don't eat it." I've never come across that anywhere else. Also, the macaroni salad comes in a 4oz sauce container. Come on.The chicken and beef were pretty good, however. It's a shame you don't get much more than that, and it's definitely not worth the $8 it comes out to.Chicken Adobo Omelette:The portion for this item was actually a good size, enough for two, so I was happy in that regard.The combination itself was decent. The fried rice and egg were good, but the adobo itself was on the dry side.If only I had known about the adobo sauce, which I did not know was, again, available upon request only.The food was alright, the portions are hit and miss, but the general tomfoolery of my experience gives me a reason to never come back.
3	pretty easy finding this place since there a burger place near it that looks like a gamestop. the adobo omellette was really good, it was just a tad bit dry. nothing a little sabaw (sauce) couldnt fix. the cashier was really friendly and the vibe was really nice. i would definitely go again.
5	First stop as i arrived in vegas with two of my boys. Recommended by friends so we decided to give it a try and it didnt disappoint. Pros:- Largeeeeeeeeeeeee portions! Enough to feed two people easily!-Cheap price! Plates i saw went between $7- $9. - Try the Adobo fried rice omelet. Gigantic omelet that comes with pork adobo (wish they had chicken adobo) garlic fried rice i think, wrapped eggy goodness. Just be careful, it comes really hot so you might want it to cool down a bit-Parking easy- Plenty room to eat-Quick and polite serviceCons:-my only con was that they had a variety of hawaiian sun drinks but no pog! how are you going to be a hawaiian place with no pog! that klnda disappointed but not enough to knock out a starDefinitely will make this a routine of making this place my first place to hit up when i get to vegas. I shall see you again aloha kitchen!
4	Here it is short & sweet.......GARLIC CHICKEN with xtra gravy!!!! It is the best I have had. Portions are generous and prices are reasonable. The adobo can be on the salty side sometimes but is good. The Adobo Fried Rice Omelet though is........... OOOOOOONNNNNNOOOO!!!! You have to try for yourself. They only get 4 stars cuz they no can make up da mind where dey goin build in CA. Hurry Up!!!!
4	I prefer to order my food over the phone, and it really takes a little less than 10 minutes for the food to be ready. I find it weird that there are two areas to dine in yet everyone's seated in view of the counter. I wonder if people just aren't allowed to sit in the bigger room?Anyway, my favorite is the kalbi plate. The sour kimchee obviously came from a jar (I forgot what the brand is) but I still enjoy it very much. I had the local plate before and I only liked the spam musubi. I also like their adobo omelette...sometimes. It can either be tasty or too dry and bland. 50/50. It's probably a good idea to ask for extra adobo sauce to guarantee flavor. I gave up on trying any other items on the menu because they never seem to have anything. No oxtail soup, no laulau, no bbq pork.. dang it! So I just go for the Kalbi plate or an adobo omelette if I feel like enjoying leftovers.
5	never disappoints!the adobo fried rice omelette keeps me coming back!  everything is else (chicken katsu, adobo, lumpia) is good too but not craveable.  that omelette tho, IS CRAVEABLE.  see you guys there!
4	The Good:  My friend goes here every time he is in Las Vegas.  Why?  because of the adobe fried rice omelette.  Yes, it's that good, it's pork fried rice stuffed into a thinly cooked egg.  I wasn't sure about an omelette made with rice, but you know what, it works.The Bad:  I'm not sure about the other items on the menu.  My friend got the Local plate and he ate like 4 bites.  The meat was fatty and greasy.The Ben:  Tough call on eating here or walking over to Smashburger which is in the small strip mall.  Unless you are in the mood for a adobe fried rice omelette, go to Smash!
5	A friend heard we were going to Vegas for the weekend and recommended that we hit this place up and try the adobo fried rice omelette and Jesus H Christ I'm glad he did! I'd say one of the many highlights of the weekend was this dish. Great remedy for that long night of clubbing and drinking. I took the advice of fellow yelpers and asked for extra adobo sauce with my omelette but didn't really need it. I thought they made mine perfect. It wasn't dry or anything and tasted like real home cooked adobo. GREASY! Though, I can probably state that the 5 stars are based solely on the adobo fried rice omelette. My friends ordered the katsu and teriyaki chicken plates, and they didn't seem too impressed....they kept taking scoops at my omelette D= even though there was more than enough for one person..I'd say it can feed 2 people.This is one thing that I cant phrase with "what happens in vegas, stays in vegas" because I hope this place opens a location in San Diego...I made that perfectly clear on their suggestions sheet up front hahaha
4	Great hawaiian food, like being on the islands.. exactly what a hawaiian place should be, cheap, great food in a friendly atmosphere, simple dishes with plenty of mac salad and spam. good stuff. its a few miles off the strip so it'll give you a feel of what vegas is like outside the glitz and glamor.there were locals, college kids, and regular, blue collar people eating there (that says something... it's good)i highly recommend!
5	This is a MUST eat in Vegas! D-licious. Adobo fried rice omelet is UH-Mazing!
4	finally went here and being filipino i had to try the adobo fried rice.soooooo good. and it's super huge!pretty close to the stripthe guy who was working there seemed super disoriented and weird and kept making mistakes, but it just ended up being entertainment for my friend and i hahaof course i saved the huge leftovers for later that night when i needed to eat after being super drunk :)
5	Love it! I have been eating here since 2005. I have eaten at many Hawaiian restaurants in town and Aloha Kitchen is the best.I have tried many dishes here and none disappoint. There are a few that especially stand out. The chicken katsu is the absolute best katsu I have ever tasted in my life. It is not some thin breaded, greasy chicken piece of crap like most places will serve you. It is a juicy chicken thigh breaded to perfection and sliced up. This is definitely my favorite dish. Also, the BBQ chicken is quite tasty. They always grill it fresh which is awesome, but it can take awhile to get to you. It takes about 20 minutes to make, but it is worth the wait. Can't forget the student special; for under 5 bucks you get a teriyaki chicken bowl and a drink. It is enough to fill you up on the cheap.On the other hand, I have been there a couple times and the food was not fresh and it tasted like straight shat. This only happened to me a couple of times out of the hundreds of times I have been there. It seems this tends to happen when it is busy during lunch time, so try to avoid lunch time.
4	A good place to eat adobo omelet. Highly recommended. Price is right. You need to try this when you are in the area. Big serving... One order maybe food for 2 people.Just recommend the management to improve the cleanliness of the restaurant and the bathroom to be more presentable.
3	3.5 Stars. I found rice in Vegas!!! The Tapsilog Special (marinated beef, rice and 2 eggs ~$4.99) hit the spot. I also got to try the Adobo Fried Rice Omelet, Spam Masubi and a Mixed Plate. Everything we had was pretty good. Cute restaurant and friendly service. Thank you to my facebook friends and fellow Yelpers who checked-in here and helped lead me to Aloha Kitchen. We'll be back.
3	Ever heard of the infamous Freshmen 10? yes... Aloha kitchen was the main reason of my freshmen 10. LOLLocation: 4/5Because its so conveniently close to UNLV campus I found my self enjoying a beef bowl or a teriyaki burger a little too often. Thus how I got the "freshmen 10" but this place is super close to UNLV campus they also have student specials. The parking lot is easy to get into but getting out is a bit hard because Maryland parkway is always busy.Food: 3/5 I keep it simple here, Teriyaki bowl and maybe I'll spring for a Spam Musubi or a side of kimchi. The Teriyaki bowl is decent, they're not heavy on the sauce here so that's a bit disappointing. The jasmin rice is perfect. I love their spam musubi its like the broke college students food other than ramen. Their kimchi isn't the best its not fresh nor is it tasty. It's soggy. Price: 3/5 You get what you pay for. This place is cheap and the food is pretty decent, I like their other locations especially the one on Charleston a lot better. Cleanliness: 0/5 This place is a mess, they have trays stacking with empty bowls and dishes of the past customers piling up. This was a super turn off when I walked through the door.
4	Oh man. This place will be the death of me. I ate here for lunch 3 times in the past week. The food comes in large servings and is always filling. I don't think there has been a time where I was ever really disappointed with my food either. It's so good I randomly start craving it throughout the day! My favorite thing to order there is the Kalbi Ribs. It comes with plenty of kalbi, two scoops of rice, your choice of mac salad or kimchi, and sauce for the ribs all for $7.99. I don't know what it is about it..but it's so dang addicting! If you are looking to save some money, their chicken teriyaki is pretty good too. You can get that in the student special which is only $4.49. Feeling like eating just a snack? Get a spam musubi! They are quite addicting and quite delicious. You can get a decent sized musubi for $1.99. What you waiting for? Go get some lunch at Aloha Kitchen right now!
5	I am sorry but this place is so good. It is super large inside and the staff is always friendly/helpful. My fav is the bento box, it is about $8. They also have student deals and a water cooler with glasses next to the counter if you do not want soda. Cool and relaxing place.
1	Everything I had was unimpressive and bland. Adobo fried rice omlet was ugh. Mahi was meh. Shrimps were shrimps. Scallops were half battered and over fried. They looked like machine cogs. Hard and hideous. Inedible. I uploaded a picture of them - two of them sitting on a styrofoam lid. Check them out for yourself. No good folks. No good.
5	I lived in Hawaii (on Oahu & Maui) for 11 years (1981-92), and on the US Mainland, it's difficult to find truly delicious Hawaiian cuisine.  ALOHA KITCHEN solves that problem, superbly.I first saw this establishment in the 1990s, shortly after enrolling in some post-Graduate courses at nearby UNLV, and decided to give them a try.My favorite dish is Kalua Pig, and I must say that it tasted every bit as good here, as it did in the islands.  It turns out that this is a family-owned company, and the folks there are from Hawaii also, so they KNOW how Hawaiian dishes are supposed to taste.If you've never enjoyed the flavor of the islands, you're in for a very special treat, and I heartily urge you to stop by sometime, to give their many menu items a true sampling.It's my belief that you will enjoy dining there, as much as I do.
1	They are so amazingly rude and impossible to work with  - "We are out of the ribs on the kalbi combo", "Fine. just put something else on e.g. kaluha pork, or chicken", "No we can't substitute anything" - well then I can find a different place to eat - this is the second time I boycott them; last time it lasted 2 years, this time it is FOR EVER!!
1	When to this place with very high expectations. After a successful Vegas trip for my friends birthday, what more to end the trip with a good place to eat before a long drive back to San Diego. The whole trip, there was a huge hype for Aloha kitchen being the Bomb.com and all that... I was amazed how my first and last  experience was the worst service I EVER had at any place I have eaten at (literally). My friends and I get there, and it did not seems busy at all. Just about a 1/3 of the restaurant was full. We were impressed with the menu items and we were excited to place our order. We sit down... wait... wait... wait.... and wait... then waited some more... 30 mins pass. With no acknowledgement of the staff that we have been waiting for so long and still no food. Then we see the another group of people who already ordered and sat down, get up and complained about the wait. Then they were told that their food has not even started cooking... I felt bad for them, as I am sure that they were waiting over an hour and nothing. Then the started to ask for a refund... then finally their food came out..I was thinking, if their food is starting to come out... then our food should come out soon after a 45 mins of waiting. One of my friends went to go check on our food, and one of the ladies, stated that they just started cooking it. WTF really? 10-15 mins later.. our food started to come out and they were serving us the food that we did not even order. We tried to nice about it but the service was horrible. After straightening about ordered what.. Then find out that one of my friends and MY order has not even started cooking... WOW WTF!!!?!?!?!!??!! we waited... over an hour and nothing... WOW pathetic... I then complained to what is going on... why is everything taking so long and they made the excuse that there was no cooks or the cook who was suppose to be an hour earlier when we ordered, just came in.. Thank you for the courtesy of letting us know ahead of time so we could have at least thought about eating here... Thank you for not compensating anything for the time we have wasted waiting for our food and to find out that it was not even put in to be cooked. I simply asked if they can compensate us for a simple drink for the long wait.. and we got denied like it was our fault. ARE YOU FREAKEN KIDDING ME!?!? Asked for a refund, and it was a hassle for even getting my money back.Finally... there was some acknowledge from the staff that there was something actually going on... that they were backed up yadda yadda... that would have been greatly appreciated hmmmm.... an hour ago when we first placed our order.Honestly, I am not a negative person. I am really patient and I can understand that we are human and we all make mistakes, but I was not going to put up for any BS as that is all I got at ALOHA KITCHEN. NEVER AGAIN GOING TO THIS PLACE AND WILL NEVER RECOMMEND ANYONE TO EAT HERE.  TIP FOR MANAGEMENT: CONSIDER NEW STAFF This is not a review, this is a hate letter to this place for the time and you have taken away from my life.
3	Three stars for the pork dish I had, the rest was just OK. The mahi mahi my husband ordered tasted like it was battered in 12 eggs. It was like a plain omelet and very very bland! The chicken katsu wasn't anything special either. Service was ok. The food came out quickly and unlike other reviewers we didn't have to wait very long. Everyone was very friendly for the most part, and the place is clean, but I didn't enjoy the food, so I won't go back!
2	Horrible service when theres a lot of people. Expect a wait of over an hour. Honestly if they werent so cheap and hired more staff members, people would be happy.On the other hand, food was great. so +1Location was very easy to find and parking was not so bad, another +1Food ordered took over an hour to get to us, so -1Staff was very unfriendly, another -1Finally, the person working the register, wanted to charge me for a cup of water since i forgot to ask when i ordered. WHO DOES THAT?!. -1 for sure.Overall, foods great but with such horrible service.This place has a lot of potential but they lack a good staff.
2	The wait was sorta ridiculous, I waited over 30 minutes for my food. I don't think the wait was worth the quality of the food. The ordering system was really disorganized. The waitress didn't know who's number belong to each food. If you're looking for mediocre food with time to spare then this place is up your alley.
3	bring it on!if you're in vegas and want some post drunken food the next day, then try aloha kitchen! it get's really crowded especially during lunch time on saturday. wait time is probably 20-30 min to get your food. flavor wise, i prefer "back home in lahaina". first time i tried this place, my friends recommended the adobo fried rice omelette - huge portion and greasy. what do you expect? i usually get the tapsilog and lumpia shanghai on the side. the pork adobo wasn't bad and the katsu was okay. will definitely come back again (it's a tradition) and try other things on the menu! check out the picture i posted.
4	Love this place! Use to come here all the time after school , conveniently located right next to UNLV. Their meats are good everything tastes fresh suggest ordering the Mix plate along with their shanghai lumpia. portions seem a litlte small compared to other hawaiian food places but i sitll recommend it.
5	The line went out the door, so i would advise ordering for pick up. +1 great prices+1 LOVE the SPAM masubi+1 generous portions+1 it tasted pretty authentic to me. Way better than L&L+1 a big menu. There was filipino food, hawaiian food, and burgers/fries
3	Janette and I split an Adobo Fried Rice omelette.Seriously this thing was as big as my forearm but as thick as my calves. Ginormous but I think it tasted too much like home cooking that I felt like I could make this haha. The adobo fried rice was very vinegary and still a bit sticky, and less fried rice like, to a point where it felt like it was just adobo and rice wrapped in an omelette instead of fried rice being placed in an omeletteStill the price and volume for food you get is good.
3	I gave this a fair review because it is not the place or the food that is bad, it is me. The food was just wayyy to much for me and I felt really sick after i ate it. I guess it just doesn't sit well with my stomach. Now don't get me wrong the food was BOMB, but I don't care to ever go back there!
4	heard a lot of great things about this place. so while i was in vegas this past weekend i had to swing by.cute little hawaiian joint, i ordered the adobo fried rice omelette. holy crap! that thing can feed 2 people. the portions are very generous. it was very gooood too! i do have to say it doesn't taste like real adobo but it's still pretty damn good.i'd come here again most definitely!!
3	Another place to get rice in Vegas!! Just off the strip, but worth the drive if you're craving some rice.Kali's and Katsura combo $7.59 - everything was good, but the pork could have been better.The Adobo Omlette is pretty good here. I need to go back and try the tapsilog.
3	Its okay at best.Food is average. I order the kalua pork with cabbage its ok. there wasn't much food or flavor. If your looking for hawaiian food do not come here.....Ive been to hawaii many times...
4	adobo fried rice, yes, please!  okay, maybe it's not the best adobo in the world, but it feeds the filipino in me and makes me long to be in hawaii all at once.  and hell, they have spam and corned beef on the menu!  feels like home...w/o having to do the dishes.
5	I was picking up books at UNLV earlier this week and I spotted the joint hidden away in a corner and I knew I had to give it a shoot. I took my mom there for lunch today and we ordered a Kahlua Katsu Combo and a Kalbi Combo. My mom is the pickiest eater and I never expected her to be lighting up fireworks about this place, she hated Island Flavor and was alright with Island Style. The Kahlua Katsu combo consisted of two sides of rice, the juiciest most flavorful kahlua pig and a huge cutlet of chicken katsu, the sauce was right on point. My Kalbi combo had a side of rice, OMG yummy macaroni salad! It had tiny pieces of celery and I absolutely hate celery but I couldn't even tasted it and I was in love. The plate also came with a super crispy teriyaki chicken, kalbi ribs that tasted like they came off the grill and a generous portion of chicken katsu with the yummy sauce. I'm surprise the rating isn't much higher. This is some of the top Hawaiian yummies I've ever had! Let's start with the prices, WOW, it's cheap and you are in for a big surprise. We ate all that food and two refillable soft drinks for $20 bucks and some spare change. I definitely recommend it. The place was packed so it must not be just me that thinks it's well worth it and highly recommended.
3	I have been here a few times and to be honest I think it is good, but no good enough to earn 4 or 5 stars, if possible I might give it 3.5.I would have to say that my current favorite thing here is the Kalua Pork; every time it is tender and delicious. If it wasn't for the Kalua Pork, my review would be lower.  I have also tried the katsu, bbq chicken and teryaki chicken, all of which are good, but does not blow me away.  The food here is simple, which I can appreciate.  It usually consists of your chosen meat, rice and a side of macaroni salad.  I think the macaroni salad is a little bland and heavy on the mayo flavor, but not terrible.  All in all this place is reasonably priced and turns out decent food.
5	WOW. This place is bomb dot com.I came here for the first time last month after seeing so many of my friends eat here so i decided to try this place before embarking on my 4 hour drive back to Los Angeles.It's not the most upscale place to eat at. Far from it, actually. But regardless of the interior, their food is G.O.O.D!!!! You walk up to the counter to order then they bring your food to you at the tables. There's plenty of seating, but PS, this place gets really busy on Sundays during lunch.I ordered the Adobo Fried Rice Omelette with a side of corned beef. OH-EM-GEE let me tell you, the corned beef was amazeballs!!! I think it was the best tasting corned beef that I have ever had in my life!!! The adobo fried rice omelette was a HUGE portion. UHMAYZINGGGGGG as well. I dont know why I havent been to this place before. I was seriously enjoying every single bite of my foodMy friend got the locomoco and I tried it and thought it was really good as well, not too salty.I'm for sure making Aloha Kitchen a must-go-to spot whenever I'm in Vegas. I'm hoping they open their California location in Cerritos!!! (PLEASEEEEE!!!) Try it! I pinky promise that you wont regret it! ;)
3	I honestly don't know what the hype is over this place.  I've eaten here a few times and don't get me wrong the food tastes good, but it definitely doesn't stand out compared to other Hawaiian restaurants like 808 Mixed Plate, Island Flavor, or Aloha Specialties.  The place does have Filipino bias as well for some of their dishes compared to other Hawaiian spots...ie Adobo Fried Rice Omelette and other Filipino dishes I can't spell.   I've tried the garlic chicken plate here....and I honestly probably wouldn't order it again...the brown gravy just wasn't appetizing on this dish.  I've also tried the kalbi which seems on par with restaurants like L&L.  My favorite dish was the portuguese sausage, eggs, rice...but you can't really mess that up.  If I'm on a time crunch...I'd probably come here and order to go....but I definitely don't think I'll be craving food from Aloha Kitchen...just like I don't have urges to go to L&L when there are other options out there.
4	YUUMMM ONO-LICIOUS!mahalo for the great food guys :)although it's not exactly the same thing as back on islands, it's pretty darn close if you ask me! i love this place and i'll miss it if/when i move out of vegas.
4	This place quite the bang for your buck!! Its easy to miss if you aren't looking for it. It was very calm inside, not much noise at all. The food was great! Not the best but it's worth more than its priced. Its good overall
5	I only have one Yelp check in here, however I have been coming here for years. Ever since the first time I lived in the area 10 years ago.  There is something on the menu to satisfy whatever you may be craving.  If you don't want to stray too far from the beaten path then the Mix plate is a good option. Teriyaki chicken and beef, plus some Mahi. All of the plates come with rice and mac salad, which you should try if you have never had it at a Hawaiian spot. Here is a rundown of all the other goodies I have tried there.Chicken Katsu - On par with the other Hawaiian places I have tried. Usually fairly crispy and not too fatty. The Katsu is offered in a number of different combo plates.Kalua Pig - One of my favorite things on the menu. The meat is not very fatty at all, I am not a fan of really fatty meat. The pork is served on a bed of shredded cabbage which gives everything a nice crunch.Chicken Curry - My favorite thing on the menu. This is a brown curry, a little more like Japanese curry than Thai. It comes in a soup container and is full of chicken and veggies. Pour it over the two scoops of rice and it makes the perfect cold weather meal.Mahi Sandwich - Good for a light meal, I like that the fish is not fried. Served with fries and only a little over $5.Adobo Fried Rice Omelette - A ton of fried rice inside a cocoon of egg. If you like omelettes and fried rice this will be a revelation. Kalbi Ribs - Plenty of meat on the ribs and the sauce is what you would expect, with just the right amount of sweetness.Lumpia Shanghai - Little eggrolls stuffed full of pork and deep fried. If you have ever had them before you know how addicting they are.Loco Moco - Eggs and gravy served over a hamburger patty and rice. The quintessential hangover meal. It's warm, filling, and just the right amount of greasy.Word to the wise, make sure you pick up a menu to see what is in all of the combo plates. The menu on the wall over the register doesn't explain what is in the combo plates. They offer a lot of combos and most of the above items are included in at least some of the combinations.
4	Two words - ADOBO OMELETTEYour life will be forever changed. Order for yourself or to share or whatever. :)  They also have other stuff on their menu, such as, katsu chicken, adobo combo plate, spam msubi.
2	Was very excited to try another Hawaiian place in the area other then L and L. I had heard Aloha is better then L and L so I was eager to check it out. When I stepped into the restaurant there was one person ahead of me standing in line. As she left I stepped up to the counter and saw a display model of what a plate of food from here looks like. I got excited even thou I noticed the scoop of Mac salad was on a skimpy side. Oh well, I stepped up , ordered my usual fave at a hawaiian place ,chicken katsu plate. Since I noticed the skimpy display of Mac salad I decided to order a extra scoop of Mac salad, because for me the Mac salad is CRUCIAL to enjoying this dish ( I can get fried chicken and rice pretty much anywhere). $2 extra for a extra scoop! Oh well I love the stuff.As I am sitting waiting for my to go food to get ready, I observe the predicament one of the cashiers is in. They forgot to give the lady that was in front of me the right order. They hurry and call her to ask her to come back so they can give her the right items. About 10 min later she comes back and hands over the "incorrect food." The cashier (with no gloves or anything) opens up all her food boxes and looks at them, then opens up the one they said she is suppose to have. We have 4 workers looking at the open boxes arguing with each other ( all while my food already ready sitting behind the counter getting cold). They finally agree and close the boxes and hand the lady back the SAME items they told her to bring back and said " oh, never mind we didn't mess up.", And just hand her back her bag. No apology for having to turn around and drive back to a restaurant for a mistake of a mistake. I'm sitting down watching this just thinking " man, that gotta suck." As she leaves the cashier calls out my order and hands me my food. I ask for a side of gravy which which she charges me 25 cents for. I pay and get in my car eager to enjoy my food. I get home and open everything up...... And there's only one small scoop of Mac salad :(. Now this would not be a big deal, but  the Mac salad is the highlight of a Hawaiian dish for me. Plus since it seems like they have a habit of messing up orders, I will not be returning. The food was good but not so amazing that the service shortcomings can be ignored.  I will not rerun to Aloha, instead I will continue to got to L and L, where my order is always spot on, my Mac salad is plentiful and my gravy is free.
3	Tried something new instead of the usual buffets in Vegas.Venue: large venue with more than enough seating. Located near UNLV in one of their universities plazas. Food: I ordered the Mahi-Mahi plate. The fish was battered with egg, which I think is very different; came with macaroni salad and two scoops of rice which is standard. It came out to be about 8.50 for the plate. Overall, the food was good, but I had better. Apparently, people were raving about this place: hawiiaan bbq with a hint of Filipino kick. Most of my friends got the fried rice adobo, which was HUGE! Service: Took awhile for the food to come out, but nice older man. He was serving the food and taking orders. Kind-hearted by the way he was approaching the customers.Verdict: Good, but I wouldn't rave about to Vegas rats.
4	Every time I am in Vegas, I have to come here. I absolutely love the Adobo Fried Rice Omelette. I have even taken it as part of my carry-on luggage on several flights from Vegas to San Diego / LA. It's a huge omelette stuffed with adobo rice goodness.I'm hungry just thinking about it. So so so good.Tips: Call ahead if you're ordering to-go! Service when you're dining in is kinda slow so just be prepared. Lots of other food on the menu but I never want to try anything else.
2	Dousing everything in overly sweetened teriyaki sauce is not okay. Nothing too spectacular here. Nothing that left the urge for me to go back and eat some more of their food. This place is close to UNLV and is convenient for a quick-fix meal. The boyfriend loves this place. He gets the Local Plate (beef and chicken teriyaki, 2 spam masubis and macaroni salad with a side of rice) and it usually lasts him the whole day. Big portions. I guess this is alright when you're super duper hungry. I do like their loco moco, though. I feel like I'm committing a health crime when I'm eating this. A large plate of rice with a hamburger patty and eggs smothered in brown gravy. It's a very hearty dish and gets kind of old when halfway through the plate. I like the fact that you can call ahead your order if it's for to-go. When I call while leaving UNLV, my food is almost always ready by the time I get there. Again, convenient.
3	Went here on the request of a friend visiting the Las Vegas area. It was conveniently located close to the Strip/UNLV and since it was early on a Saturday (with most people hungover), there was plenty of parking and I'm pretty sure we were the first ones in. Our party ordered 3 different items: Loco Moco, Spam (I know I'm boring) and the Adobo Fried Rice Omelet. Portions were good for the price and they offered your typical Hawaiian drinks. I feel like the Adobo Fried Rice Omelet is just the rice, wrapped around the egg and am not too sure why people go crazy for it... because if I'm eating Adobo Fried Rice, I'm probably going to want a side of eggs anyway (and I think over easy would be better so the yolk gets on your rice). Maybe it's just another Vegas thing I don't really get (I said Earl of Sandwich was just ok too). Comfort food and great company is always good, so if you're nearby, it's worth checking out if you want cheap eats.
3	I'm giving this restaurant 3 stars based of a few things.  Had this food not tasted so good, it would have gotten 2 stars.  What I ordered: Tapsilog (beef, rice, and 2 eggs)How it tasted: delicious! So good, it made me miss home.Issues:  The portions were really not what I expected.  I ordered it to-go, so it came in a styrofoam container.  There was SO much rice that it filled the whole bottom of the container and they gave me about 7-8 TINY pieces of tapa.  I ordered my eggs over-easy and when I opened my container, the eggs were broken and yolk was everywhere.Would I come here again?  Maybe not this particular location, but I would order from Aloha Kitchen again.  Expect an update on this review from another location.
4	Best Hawaiian Grinds at affordable prices!
1	Ok first and last time here.  Tried the adobo fried rice omelette the rice is bland! I also had a custom order made which was incorrect. I told the cashier I cannot have pork in it. Asked if they can substitute the adobo for chicken katsu. He asked the cook and the cook says no that the rice already has the adobo mixture. I'm like ok can you do just chicken katsu and egg omelette? (Since no attempt on fresh rice will be made) the cook's expression was like it was a burden. Really? What's hard of cooking made to order eggs and put cooked chicken in it. Well when I finally get to my destination and hubby went to open his food why was their rice with pork in it? I am very disappointed!
3	This place is okay. Chicken katsu is the standard crispy panko fried chicken. Avoid the mahi mahi, it tastes like its either not fresh or been frozen too long. I tried my friend's adobo fried rice omelet, which was good. Overall its an okay hawaiin place with hearty portion sizes.
3	When I want to rice overload, I usually come here. I get a local plate, extra spam musubi, and extra macaroni salad. The local plate consists of teriyaki chicken, beef, and 2 spam musubi. Yep, I can certainly fit all that in my tummy. It just takes me awhile to finish it all. Service isn't too exceptional, but has a home-y feel to it. It is close to campus and they also offer some nice student specials.
4	Yum adobo fried rice omelette! You gotta try it at least once. Haven't seen it anywhere else. Have to make this my go to whenever I'm in vegas now.
4	I love this place, I try to go here at least once everytime i'm in vegas, alot of times i fail because i'm too hungover. But the Adobo Fried Rice Omelette (sunny side up egg) is a must try. Oxtail soup, a must try. Just dank all this greatness with Sriracha too. It's not pricey considering the amount of food they give you (typical filipinos). It's off the strip, easy to get too and plenty of places to sit.
4	Portuguese omelette is good. Go for it!
2	sigh... i use to eat here when i was in college. and now i ate there today and had good rice and spam... but what tasted like day old chicken and tough beef on the bento box. it did not leave a good impression on me. i really loved eating there during college. sigh how things do change.  sadly i know the aloha at the california hotel or ross j would have been a better idea to assuage my hawaiian cravings...
4	Good food and service was excellent. What more can you ask for?Came here with the BF and my bro after a long night of drinking. My bro highly recommended this place. I'm glad he did. Food was absolutely delicious.The server/cashier greeted us with a smile as soon as we walked in. She was extremely helpful since it was our first time here, and was quick to recommend a few item to us. The BF and I decided to go with her recommendation and ordered the Adobo Fried Rice Omelette and the Spam omelette. Yum!! Both items were tasty and flavorful. The perfect cure to a hangover. We left satisfied.We will definitely be back to try other items on the menu.
5	Love this place!!
4	Made this stop our last stop on our Vegas vacation before heading back home to  San Diego. Smart choice. The food satisfied our appetite! I ordered the adobo fried rice omelette, my daughter had the topsilog plate, my husband had the local plate...all were yummy. Fried rice portion is huge! The only thing I would change is the teriyaki chicken...it seems like it was fried and teriyaki sauce poured over it. Nothing compares to authentic food from hawaii, but Aloha Kitchen is pretty close.
4	Food stop whenever we visit sin city. Gotta have the adobo omelette for dining in and one for the road! Fast and friendly service as well.
1	I hardly ever go to this location and today I went there with friends. It was empty, overpriced and the beef on the rice was cold. Very disappointing. The one on Decatur is on their game though! :)
2	During my niece's basketball tournament, we decided to drive to Aloha Kitchen around the corner from UNLV to enjoy a quick lunch.  I was stoked, because this is one of my favorite Hawaiian food places in the valley.  The location is definitely located in a sketchy area.  Next to In-N-Out on Maryland and Tropicana, I feel like they were trying to target the students at UNLV.  I feel bad for someone walking to location at night.  Definitely a dangerous looking area.  The reason for my low score is the staff.  There's a little Filipino looking girl with a name starting with a V (I think Veronica) that works there.  First off, when there are a lot of people in line, she definitely seems to crack under pressure.  No smile, no small talk, sighing at requests all the time and giving attitude.  I was not a fan at all.  I was even going to go as far as to send a message to the owner of the restaurant, informing them of this rude behavior.  I was with a group of 20.  I understand that amount can get super overwhelming, however, she is definitely in the industry to create the best experience for every customer.  At one point, I asked her for more water as the pitchers on the side were empty.  She looked at me, rolled her eyes, sighed a little and took the pitcher from my hands.  LIVID I was!Now that I'm done ranting, here's what I got:For lunch, I got the Aloha plate for $7.99 and (2) spam musubis for $1.99 each.  The musubi was super good!  Different textures like the sticky rice, fried and salty spam and the crunchy seaweed that held everything together!  Although I ordered the Aloha plate, when I got back to the gym, I discovered that I actually got the adobo plate!  I was so pissed because that's not what I wanted!!!  In the adobo plate, though, it comes with a bunch of pork chunks cooked in vinegar and soy sauce, with two scoops of rice.  What made me more mad was the fact that the adobo to me was dry.  It came in a to-go bowl with lots of the soup it was cooked in, however, the meat was still dryer than I'm used to.  Not happy at all.  I love me some Aloha Kitchen, however, I was not a fan of this place at all.  I know they usually do a great job at the other locations so I'm not going to refrain from coming back just because of this experience.  This location, however, needs to get it together and step up the service!
4	The FAMOUS Adobo Omelette. CHEAP EATS. Hangover Cure. Big portions.Great place for comfort food and lots of seating.
5	I come in here a bunch, and always get a Kalbi Rib plate or a side of Kalbi Ribs with extra cabbage. I absolutely love this place. I get great quality of food (& a massive amount) that is inexpensive. The people working always seem to be in a great mood. If it's slow I tend to have great conversations with the cashiers while I hear the kitchen laughing. If ever I go in with a bad mood, I always leave with a smile. :]
5	Whenever I am in Vegas I try to make a point to visit.Good food, great prices, fast service.Kalbi Combo, Adobo Fried Rice, Kalbi Ribs, Hawaiian Plate
4	First of all, if you're a true lover of adobo, you MUST try the adobo fried rice omelet! It is probably one of my favorite omelets I've ever had in my lifetime. This place is a mixture of hawaiian and filipino breakfast, which I love. I also had the Hawaiian plate which came with kalbi ribs which were tender and just the right amount of sweetness to savory. Portion size is just enough to make you full. Next time I am in Vegas, I am definitely stopping by again.
4	I have been going to Aloha kitchen for years now and it certainly does fit into the budget of college students who order the student special, which consist of a Teriyaki chicken and a fountain drink. The chicken is pretty tasty and comes with the skin on, however if you're trying to be healthy you can ask for no skin. I have ordered it without the skin and it's just not the same and isn't as good. If you don't opt for the drink it's even cheaper which is just $4 and some change. When I'm broke I actually don't mind not getting a drink because the water cups are readily available at the counter. Service is nice because your food is delivered to you at your table. This is also a popular spot for pick up orders and I do recommend calling ahead of time because everything is made to order. This place gets pretty packed for lunch which is good they have the extended dinning area. I've tried a number of items here and I must say my favorite is the KALBI. It is so tasty especially with the sauce they service on the side and the green onions they use to garnish it with. I can honestly they make the best Kalbi in comparison to other places (like Korean) I have tried it at. The best part is it's only $8 which is good because Kalbi is usually pricier at Korean spots. I live near this location so I frequent here quit often. 3.5 stars but I'll round up to 4 since it's a family owned business.
1	Let me first start by saying that I have never been a big fan of Aloha Kitchen. Being born and raised in Hawai'i, I am familiar with Hawai'i cuisine and Aloha Kitchen has always been just OK, nothing spectacular.  Living in Las Vegas, Aloha Kitchen has always been the "last resort" when wanting to eat Hawai'i cuisine. After my experience yesterday, I felt compelled to write this review. My boyfriend chose to eat here yesterday after visiting the UNLV campus. When we arrived, there was no one in line ordering, so we did not have to wait to place our order. We ordered saimin, adobo fried rice, a cheeseburger and a side of corned beef hash, There was one family of four who just received their food as we sat down. Every occupied table at that point had their food. The restaurant started to get busy as we waited for our food. After 15 minutes, we received our side of hash. Five minutes after that we got the saimin and cheeseburger. The adobo fried rice omelet took 30 minutes!!! RIDICULOUS!! How hard is it to make fried rice with already prepared pork adobo?!! Then about half way through my saimin, I found a hair in the soup!!! SO GROSS! At that time, the waitress was delivering food to a table next to us as I was telling my boyfriend about the hair. I know she heard what I said but made eye contact with me and walked away. I then took the bowl to the guy working the cash register. He apologized and then offered to make me a new bowl of saimin. At that point, I was so disgusted, that I declined offer. He did not offer any other compensation! He just took the bowl and turned away from me and walked to the kitchen. If I could, I would not give any stars but being that I have to select at least one, one it is. The food is a disappointment, the customer service is a disappointment...what more can I say!!!
3	This is a great place to grab some lunch for UNLV students nearby. The place seemed small at first from the outside, but once you get in, they have an extension dining room. The cashier had a smile on her face and welcomed customers as they enter the door. The price is decent, and their food is delicious, considering how they cook it upon order. This place, can't be compared to L&L, though, but they had more distinctive items on their menu than the latter. I suggest to order the mix plate, which is very tasty if you love both meat and fish.The only bad thing about here is that their water comes from the pitcher, not the soda dispensing machine, which hints they're getting it from the sink, and their glasses are all stacked up in one corner. You have to put yourself your own water, and once it runs out, the busboy took like 10 minutes to refill it. The place is frequented not only by students, but also by some ghetto looking thugs that act like they own the place. Some of the tables and chairs are dirty and full of food crumbs, and the busboy doesn't go out of the kitchen to clean them right away. The Aloha Kitchen on Sunset Road is smaller, but better in terms of service and no wannabe gangsters.
5	One of my favorite places to visit when I come to Vegas. Adobo fried  rice omelet is what I suggest. The rest of the menu is good too!
2	Went with some friends who really like this place.  Maybe it's comfort food for them so they have some positive emotional associations I lack.  Two stars for friendly service.  The food was slimy, poorly seasoned, and the ingredients were cheap.  Would not eat again.
3	Went here after returning from Hawaii and kinda missing the food. The food here is sub-par. I found it to be bland and like another reviewer said, cheap. I didn't think it was anything spectacular, hence the 3 stars. Also, the water service bothered me a bit as well. The water comes from a pitcher instead of through the soda dispenser. It was a bit off putting. However, this place is cheap, so for the price it was warranted.
5	Highly Recommended. Good Food!
3	I've eaten here before plenty of times. I believe they still have student specials, like a teriyaki bowl for something like 5 dollars. Helpful for hungry UNLV students.I will say, I have not been back since May. That particular time, it was a Sunday afternoon having lunch with a friend. It was understaffed. My cashier was also my server, which was strange.I ordered Pork Lau Lau which is pork wrapped in leaves. I only got it because I liked the name. The server helped serve me and unwrapped the food. I ate it and did not enjoy it much. It was worse that night when I got some of the worst food poisoning of my life. Either the pork wasn't cooked all the way or the server hadn't washed his hands after handling all that money and it contaminated the food. That was just my last experience. Every other time was an okay experience. I would just shy away from getting the more exotic foods.
5	Hawaiian food.... my favorite food mmmmmm. Came here with my friends on a Vegas trip a few years ago and I have been hooked ever since! Best thing for sure is the Adobo Fried Rice Omelette. I've also gotten the spam musubi and loco moco.. All your normal Hawaiian favorites.
3	Adobo fried rice omelette?? Who thinks of this stuff?? Aloha Kitchen does! As soon as my plane touched down we were on our way to carb up with some good food at Aloha Kitchen! I've been here only one time prior to this trip, but that was back in 2007 and I wanted to make sure this place was still good! There menu offered plenty of standard Hawaiian food style things like loco mocos and spam musubis, but people come here for the adobo fried rice! When my plate finally arrived the smell was intoxicating and my mouth was instantly watering. The fried rice did not disappoint this hungry stomach! There was a lot of flavors, albeit a bit salty, but it wasn't too bad. If you've ever had adobo on its own with rice and loved it the adobo fried rice will make you happy.Three stars only because I've honestly only tried one thing there. But I look forward to future trips when I make my way back to Vegas and try other things on the menu!
4	That adobo omelet though... FIRE!
4	I found out about this place from one of my friends a few years ago and every Vegas trip since I've come here to eat. I used to work in an authentic Hawaiian restaurant run by Filipinos back home in Elk Grove and this totally reminded me of it from the food to the decorations.Over my stay at my old work, I've learned to distinguish authentic quality hawaiian food vs lesser quality (L&L). I must say Aloha Kitchen is up there! The typical food choices you normally see at Hawaiian restaurants can be found here such as chicken katsu, teri beef, teri chicken, loco moco, pork lau lau, mac salad, spam musubi, etc. Aloha Kitchen also adds in some filipino dishes like Silogs and their famous Adobo Fried Rice omelette (my favorite).The staff is really friendly and the interior is decorated with all things Hawaii. The food is always fresh and takes no more than 10 minutes to prepare. The dining area has numerous tables and can even accommodate large groups. I enjoyed the hawaiian license plates, surfboards, paintings, and other decor.
3	Ordered a student special, musubi, and side of Mac sal Togo, waited 30 min for the order, then decided to ask for a side of Teri, after watching about 10 people get their order before me! They charged me $0.27 for it, and I still had to wait! Now I got to get to class and eat my lunch after, so much for a hot meal! I still love their food, but this experience left a sour taste in my mouth!
3	Back when I lived on the east coast, I was never really aware of how popular hawaiian food was. When I moved to the west coast, it was like discovering a new world. I had never heard of dishes like Loco Moco or Saimin, although I had heard of Spam Musubi. So when I first started visiting Vegas with my bf, he introduced me to this place. If you read my previous reviews, I get really excited about hold in the wall restaurants because they tend to have the best of the best. This is a really small restaurant located near the university so I figured it would be popular with students. They even have student lunch specials! It's one of those restaurants where you order at the register and you seat yourself. My bf really wanted the Loco Moco and recommended I try the Adobo Fried Rice. What he described to me was something I couldn't fathom--until I saw it with my own eyes. Chicken Adobo fried rice encased in an egg omelet?? Yes, please!!! Although our entree portions weren't as large as other places, I wasn't complaining. It was enough. I had high hopes for our food based on looks alone. Unfortunately, I was disappointed about the taste. I had to add loads of sriracha sauce to complement both dishes. Although it wasn't the worst experience I've had, I've found other hawaiian restaurants I'd rather visit since. If you haven't experienced Hawaiian food, you could try this place. But to be honest, I'd drive further to eat somewhere else.
2	Cute little place near UNLV. If I had to describe the food in two words, it would be comfort food. Don't know if it's authentic Hawaiian, I saw Hawaiian dishes, Filipino dishes and Korean and Japanese dishes. Seems like it's run by Filipino people. The food is dirt cheap. The chicken teriyaki is $3.59 and it's enough for dinner. Kalbi combo is only $8. I got their adobo fried rice and it was gross. They fry short grain rice. What? But I don't know if its Aloha kitchen's fault or I dislike adobo. It tastes heavily of pork and soy sauce. Theme and decorations are cute. If you don't expect much, you won't be disappointed.
4	We ordered spam musubi and kalbi combo plate. This place definitely has a quality and quantity on point.  The prices of the food items are definitely reasonable. We ordered a kalbi combo plate that came with bbq chicken, kbbq beef (which was too flat that i didn't even any striations of meat), and bbq beef. The combo plate comes with 2 scoops of rice and a choice of a macaroni salad or kimchi.  Spam musubi is on point, for what they give you, it can satiate your hunger.
3	I must admit Hawaiian food is a great way to end a shenanigan-filled weekend in Vegas. Hearty and full of carbs and protein, it pretty much could be a soupless alternative to pho as a hangover helper.I ordered the Pork Lau Lau since I've been craving it for the longest time. It comes with two scoops of rice and macaroni salad. The pork came out tender and the taro leaves were nice and soft. Not bad for Vegas.It's in a random strip mall next to UNLV, prices are pretty affordable for what you get. People keep mentioning the Adobe Fried Rice Omelette? Guess I'll have to try that next time I'm in Vegas. And knowing me, I'll be back sooner than later...P.S. I remember seeing a banner for a student special too if you still have that Student ID of yours!
4	Have been going here for over 10 years and always get the chicken bowl. Have never been let down by them, always great service and have never had a problem with my food. Don't like the location all that much and isn't the cleanest place but it isn't dirty.
4	There's something about this particular aloha kitchen location that makes it better than the others.My favorites are the loco moco, aloha plate, and local plate. I usually come here in between classes to get enough energy to get through the day. I love their chicken Katsu and teriyaki and it's always the same great taste with great portions.
3	This place is not too bad; haven't tried many Hawaiian food places while I've been here except for the marketplace cafe in the California hotel, and the lnl on S. Maryland. Out of all three, this was prob the furthest from tasting like the food from back home. I got the local plate which consisted of 2 spam musubis, Mac salad, and Teri chxn/beef.Musubis: they were okay, but nori and spam were quite soggy prob due to the over use of Teri sauceMac salad: not that great..lacked flavor and had a salty base..texture of noodles were nice and firm though! Teri chicken: usually Teri chxn is bbq'd or something..but idk, the one from here was fried (I'm guessing) which I found interesting, and it was covered with gooey overpowering Teri sauce, which was extra sweet and salty  Teri beef: same as the chicken in terms of that gooey overpowering Teri sauce..the texture of the beef was good though Overall this place was literally not bad nor was it good. Lol. I mean nothing can compare to food back home, but honestly I would prob goto lnl or the California for better stuff !
4	Delicious, good size portions. Serious comfort food that hits the spot.
5	Classic Hawaiian food. Teriyaki chicken student special comes with a drink a lots of rice for under five bucks.
5	Outstanding meal. Driving by UNLV on my way to the airport and saw this and pulled in. What a treat and excellent food.The BBQ chicken was loaded with flavor unlike some chains that grill chicken and throw it over vegetables. Rice and Mac Salad were perfect sides.The Kalua Pig was amazing and we split a Loco Moco which was a huge hit as the gravy was the best I have had in years.Really clean place with extra nice young lady behind the counter. The chains have volume, this place had that with a lot of really good flavor.
2	I came to pick up some teriyaki chicken before driving back to LA. Food quality and taste here was eh. The teriyaki was smothered in sauce and piled on top of rice. It was a little salty. It seems like they just carelessly put together the food. Given its location, its intent is to serve students. Hence, generous portions, cheap prices and whatever tasting food.
3	Comfort food for Filipinos/Islanders/Asians. Salty, big portions, college student fare. Plenty of seating, lovely island decor and tv. Located just off campus, free parking and so close to airport when Monkey got a couple hours to kill. ADOBO FRIED RICE OMELET - rice pan-fried with shredded pork adobo and all it's glory, wrapped in blanket of scrambled egg with chives. My mom never made this into an omelet, but it's a dream come true. Like most Filipino dishes, it's a bit oily & salty.  A lot like most American comfort foods.
4	Came here with 2 others and we all ordered different things and shared bites, and surprisingly, every single thing was good. I had kalua and katsu and the kalua was super moist and tender. My bf's kalbi ribs were amazing and his bro's teriyaki plate had tender meats slathered in a delicious gingery teriyaki sauce. The food was better than anything I've had in CA or even Hawaii (I've only been to a couple of places in Hawaii though). If I lived in LV I'd be a regular here for sure!
3	This may not be the best Hawaii-Style local food on the planet (you can only get that in Hawaii), but it did bring me back to Hawaii with the flavors and I would be a regular if I lived in Vegas.My BFF had Spam Musubi. I haven't had it since Hawaii because I don't eat spam anymore...but I was close to trying it for nostalgic purposes...but I refrained.I had the beef teriyaki with white rice and a Passion Orange Hawaiian Sun. The sticky rice and drink brought me back to my childhood. We always kept Hawaiian Sun in the house. I still have yet to find the drink on the East Coast.
5	Excellent Hawaiian breakfast and food!!!  The teriyaki chicken is nice and crispy on the outside with good sauce.
2	Sure it's not the best but it works when im craving some Hawaiian/Filipino food instead of burgers or when I'm sick of eating Chipotle due to it's location by UNLV. If I wasn't at UNLV all day sometimes, I probably wouldn't come here. Doesn't taste super fresh or that flavorful but I gotta get my rice fix sometimes and can't exactly carry it all day with me from home.I usually go for the student special terriyaki chicken, loco moco, spam musubi, chicken katsu, kalua pork or sometimes saimin. Prices are right, service is friendly and location is eh unless you're a UNLV student.
4	This is definitely a staple meal whenever my friends and I go to Vegas. Pretty good Hawaiian-style local food. Their dishes are yummy and affordable. My favorites are the loco moco, adobo fried rice omelet, chicken katsu and the Kalbi ribs! Definitely a must try!
4	I'm a sucker for island foods! Hawaiian food is the closest thing I can get to Guamanian food so this is my go to place. The interior setting is okay, but the food is awesome. I usually order the BBQ chicken and my boyfriend always orders the Kalbi ribs which is soo good. Their kimchi doesn't taste authentic it's a little more on the sour side, but their mac salad is delish. I've also tried the chicken katsu, teriyaki chicken and beef. They're all great tasting as well, but the BBQ chicken will always remain my favorite.
5	I used to come to aloha all the time when I was staying at the UNLV dorms. I like how it's nearby to school. It's pretty convenient with their prices and location. Their portion sizes are just right. My favorite thing to order would be the kalbi ribs. Its made perfect every time. Never been disappointed ordering this cause it's just so good. I get it every time.
3	Not good as most other Hawaiian barbecues. This was worth trying but most likely will not come back for a second visit.
1	Slow slow sloowww! The tiny little waitress is jumping around frantically like a flea. She needs help lol. Throwing coworkers under the bus u can hear her yelling at them. I sat at a dirty table and asked for it to be clean and she had the most rudest tone ever "okay can u just wait?". Took her forever to come and clean. I said thanks and didn't even get a your welcome. Just grabbed dishes and walked away. Didn't even bother wiping down the table. Food isn't even good. Regret wasting my time here. Took almost 45 min for our orders. Other location is way better service and food wise. Never coming back again.ON TOP OF THE MOST HORRIBLE DINING EXPERIENCE EVER I WENT HOME TO FIND....***They gave me the wrong order!! They gave me a loco moco instead of the adobo omelette that I ordered to go!!" Ughhhhhhhhh!!***
5	I wasn't sure after seeing a 3.5 star rating on Yelp how good this would be. I ordered the adobo fried rice omelet.  It was great. The adobo was shredded in ever mouthful. The egg was super thin. It was a massive portion! I loved it. I will be back for sure.
3	Good Hawaiian cuisine at decent prices. We were able to beat the lunch rush so the line wasn't too bad and we didn't have to wait for seating. I ordered a loco moco and I have no complaints. The gravy was good and I loved the soft, sticky rice that they serve. The burger patty was okay and the eggs were eggs. This location is a little ways off the strip, but worth the visit if you want some home style food that you can't find on the strip.
3	Adobo omelet! Food is definitely delicious, but the service is not so great. After we ordered, we looked for a table, but two tables still had dirty dishes and the table we ended up sitting had didn't have dishes, but had bit and pieces of old food. We asked them to clean the table and they didn't end up cleaning it until we got our food. As busy as they got, I feel like they should hire more people. They needed the help.
2	Lets just say im big on customer service. And honest, I dont care how shitty the food it, if the customer service is good, I might try this place a second time. Im sitting here waiting for my food order because I payed with my card already. I planned on leaving cash tip as my order comes. But forget about it. This little girl in the front counter is rude, short with words, and cuts her eyes at you as your order. To top it all off, she is too busy yelling at her co worker and barking orders and throwing her hands in the air that she cant hear me calling her. Maybe shes ignoring me. Or maybe shes too engrossed in yelling at the poor guy behind the counter regarding his training and what he should have been training in. Honestly, I dont care anymore. This little heifer needs to learn some manners and some common sense. The only saving grace is that the food smells good. Im sure it tastes fine. Aloha, please get rid of your rude cashier/trainer/ankle biting guard dog and hire another student who I can give a tip to.Edit: spam musubi was awesome. Kalbi plate cause some annoyance. The kalbi were thin slices of short ribs that were burned because it was so damn thin. Had no flavor. I didnt know that it came with katsu which was great, and chicken..... the chicken was gross. So gross even the neighbors pitbull wouldn't eat it. The best part of it was the side of kimchi it came with. So sad. If you bave any suggestions to a better hawaiian bbq place. Please let me know! A thought on that waitress, im sure after all these crap reviews about her she should have been laid off or something. The fact that shes still there lets me know shes either related to the owner, or screwing the owner. Its vegas. Anything happens here.
4	I'm giving this restaurant 4 stars because I had only one experience and that was ordering platters of food for a party which ended up quite delicious, I must say.I was in Vegas recently for a birthday party and decided to have the party in our room instead of at a restaurant and ordered 3 platters.  Teri Chicken, Fried Noodles, and Egg Rolls.Let me backtrack by saying that I came across Aloha Kitchen by accident, just driving around looking for somewhere to buy the food since I really didn't do much research beforehand.  After having bought a few things from Vons down the street, Aloha Kitchen caught my eye as I was driving along and since I was in a crunch, thought why not check it out since I was sure I'd be familiar with the food.I asked if they sold platters and was given a party platter menu.  There were quite a few choices but I was a little hesitant at first because of the prices.  $60 for a large platter of Teri Chicken and Fried Saimin, and $40 for 100 pcs of Egg Rolls.  I was expecting 30 people.  I asked how long to make them and was told 30-40 mins.I ordered and went about my business taking a little less than an hour before going back to pick up my order.  When I arrived, my order was ready and to my surprise, it was a lot larger than I thought it was going to be.  Of course I had to sample them and found that all items were quite tasty.  The Teri Chicken was lightly breaded and the sauce served on the side, every piece of Egg Rolls were cooked golden brown and crispy with a sweet chili sauce served on the side, and the Fried Saimin were mixed with a surprising amount of Charsiu Pork, as well as cabbage and egg.  I ended up pleasantly surpised, having a lot of left over food and felt that it was well worth the price. In summary, considering the fact that I stopped in by chance and had no idea what this place was like, I was quite satisfied with my experience and would eat there again based on the food alone and would definitely order platters from them again.  The next time, I'll probably sit and eat in, and after reading previous reviews, I sincerely hope the service issues has been resolved and that my experience will be just as satisfying.
2	First off, Hawaiian/ Filipino restaurants hate me, i.e., they're not vegetarian friendly to begin with. Second, the guy at the counter who I'm assuming to be the owner or manager needs to fine tune his customer service skills on the real though. I tried, key word TRIED, to order the Student Special (which is chicken teriyaki bowl with rice and veggies) minus the chicken. He refused and said I couldn't do that. The end result was that I was made to order a side of rice and a side of veggies, which he then instructed the kitchen staff to add teriyaki sauce to and put in one bowl. It's the same thing dude!! I was not a happy camper because he made the process of ordering a vegetarian friendly meal so exasperatingly difficult. I could forgive the poor customer service if the food was good, but it wasn't. The veggies had way too many onions and there wasn't enough teriyaki sauce to go around. It just tasted way too plain. End result: I ended up picking at my bowl and left hungry.
3	Of all their locations not one if my favorite they don't give as much as the others they are a bit slow and not so clean food is good not great and I wouldn't call it hawaiian food it's more like wannabe like Hawaiian food
3	Lunch special. Good chicken teriyaki for what it was.
5	I was first introduced to Aloha Kitchen in 2012 and honestly since then I've been hooked every time I go to Vegas! If you have a craving for Hawaiian BBQ or Filipino food I would definitely recommend coming here! My favorites would be the Adobo Fried Rice Omelette and the Chicken Katsu combination plate and for a snack I would suggest ordering a spam masubi or two (LOL).Coming here is definitely a good choice especially when you have the "drunchies"! The workers there are very nice and give suggestions if you haven't been there before!
5	I can think of no greater compliment for Aloha Kitchen than this: the adobo in the adobo fried rice omelette reminds me of my mom's. After an early morning drive to Las Vegas, lunch, and a little entertainment, my wife and I had dinner at this comfortable and casual eatery. Aloha Kitchen offers a touch of the island vibe away from the hustle and bustle of the strip. Order at the counter, sit down, then wait for your meal to arrive at your table. Locals, students from nearby UNLV, and Yelp-savvy tourists populate the restaurant. The adobo fried rice omelette is lip-smacking good. The adobo and fried rice are garlicky and flavorful, with the omelette cooked to delectable perfection. I tore through most of the enormous serving before hitting the wall about 3/4 of the way through it. I couldn't eat another bite, so I boxed it up for a late-night snack after a visit to the casinos. My wife ordered the pork kahlua and it was tender, smoky, and a huge serving. We also tried the spam musubi, which was your standard spam wrapped in rice and seaweed. Nothing remarkable, but enjoyable.Aloha Kitchen offers affordable and delicious meals and it's a terrific way to get out of the casinos for an hour or two. The adobo fried rice omelette alone is worth a visit. Highly recommended.
4	Sometimes the wait is a bit for some katsu.. but this place is sooooo good.... I stip by for loco moco or katsu almost weekly for lunch....
3	Very simply, the owner needs to hire another employee at least. On a Sunday at lunch there was only one waitress for the entire restaurant and she was busing tables and doing all sorts of other stuff too. Felt bad for her the whole time. There were only two other employees in the whole building I think so they couldn't really help when the kitchen was getting killed too. This led to slow food times and lack of water, which is tough when it's 110 degrees outside haha. They have a water station to self-serve (suspicious) but it was always  empty anyway. To put it into perspective, when my group got there, there was only one other table of people (had like 12 people though) and every other table had dirty dishes on it. I love Hawaiian food too and the food here was respectable. But "PAY THE MAN."
5	Compared to Rick's fried rice adobo this omlet has its own standard of good. What I like about this establishment...I like the serving size and it's decently priced. The service is fabulous. Hope to visit again soon.
2	This visit I had a Loco Moco.  Gravy was a bit on the salty side.  This Loco Moco was not even close to the best I've ever had. Quite honestly I was disappointed. This is coming from a Hawaii local who got fat from eating Loco Mocos everyday! Lol
5	About twice a year when I go to Vegas I always make an effort to eat here. Their adobo fried rice is always a recommendation among the locals. But my personal favorite here is the chicken curry and spicy chicken and gravy with custom topping of fried eggs. But u can't go wrong with anything else that's on their menu. Place can get busy at times since its next to UNLV. I always go here for breakfast so crowds or lines are never an issue
3	I think the small business is running a well oiled restaurant. The staff is cool. Wish there were some more things to eat while im waiting for my food
4	Theyhave such a large variety such a large menu I recommend starting off at the student special if you are a student
5	The counter help was outstanding. The food was great too. Plenty Aloha in the kitchen.
5	Everything here is a amazing!!! Their food is always on point. More than a taste of Hawaii.
4	Dropped in here after a failed attempt at Hash House, but so glad we stopped in on a mid Saturday afternoon.  We were starving! Ordered the local plate - 2 spam musubis, chicken teri, beef teri, mac salad (or kimchi)  and rice AND the short ribs plate (ribs and rice) based on the server's recommendations. Everything we delicious!  Probably one of the best musubi I've had, but I'm not a Hawaiian native, so don't know if it was authentic.  The mac salad was good and not too creamy.  The ribs were tasty, but on the thin side.  Service was sufficient.  There's plenty of parking in the little strip mall area.  Cozy atmosphere. We'll be back!
5	This place is great! I've had the bento box and never been disappointed. I've been in for lunch and dinner and the staff has always been nice. This is one of my favorite places in Las Vegas. I definitely recommend it.
