5	My favorite favorite favorite place. Possibly ever. When I was in highschool my loitering teenybopper friends and I used to get kicked out of here on a regular basis, but I don't hold that against them. We were idiots.cNstuff has been around forever and is owned by the nicest family on the planet. The minute I walk in there the smell of cheese (or is it sandwiches?) makes me instantly hungry. And there is lots of cheese. The sandwich menu is extensive and I always have the hardest time deciding what to order. It seems like there is a new sandwich added everyday. Do I want the Doe Boy or just a plain ol' Tuna? Russian dressing or mustard? Sub roll or wheat? For extra you can get a side of chips, potato or macaroni salad (which is a little too sweet for me). There is also a plethora of little extra snacks to fill up on, candy bars, twinkies you name it. Last time in there, there was noticeably less Swedish products on the shelves which was a little sad. Maybe they weren't selling very well? They were always enjoyable to look at. Anyway, please stop in to this delightful little sandwich shop, you won't be disappointed.Edited to add: German products, not Swedish. They were Umlaut-laden names so I got confused.
5	Dough boy...dough boy...dough boy...Cheese n stuff may have a large menu with something for nearly everyone but I just can't walk in there and not order my Dough Boy. Top it off with macaroni salad and an iced tea and I'm all set.On top of being mildly obsessed with that amazing sandwich, there's much to love in their little space. The friendly family that runs the place is always smiling and happy to see you and welcome all guests... high schoolers on their skateboards, businessmen in their Mercedes, white collar guys in their beat-up pickups...they all are mingling in that little deli. I've yet to go there, and I've been probably 20 times, and not have the owners know at least one guest by name when they walk in.This was orignally a meat and cheese shop back in the day, hence the name, and they still have some deli products to pick up if you feel like skipping Safeway's. It's an old-school, quiet place. It's always nice to dine-in and enjoy the quiet atmosphere and feel like you're not in the big city for a short time. It may be hard to spot the store in that little strip mall, so just look for the Dairy Queen...it's right next to it.
3	There is a lot of hype for this pretty average sandwich joint. My co-workers and I heard about this place through a listing of 20 great American Sandwich shops and it apparently even had an Oprah mention. After seeing these glowing reviews here as well I was pretty much certain that I would be let down in some way, but its hard to even imagine the reason for the hype this place achieved.It is an extremely tiny shop stuck at the end of the strip mall with central music. It's so tiny I've parked in front of it before and haven't even noticed it. The inside looks to have been renovated circa 1982 with faux wood paneling and shelving, and vintage boar's head advertisements that have been left to rot. The menu spread out across the entire wall on a confusing mix of chalk boards and computer print outs. The eating space is an extremely claustrophobic setup of folding tables and chairs stuck between the deli counter and the half-assed market shelves that sported international items that were mostly covered with a thick layer of dust.The actual sandwiches, solid quality deli stuff using primarily boar's head meats and cheeses. That's it? Why would you fall in love with this place? I went with five other guys who ordered a mix of their signature sandwiches (Doughboy, Bizmark, Manhattan), and all agreed you can get a similar sandwich at grocery stores and preferred even the likes of Sack's to this place. There is just nothing inventive about the sandwiches or anything that stands out here other then the friendly Mom and Pop ownership and sweet vintage sign.
5	People that know Phoenix know this place.  I will drive out of my way to go here when I'm in town.  I will tip extra.  If I see someone in line being difficult I will stare them down, the family that works here could give kindness lessons.Exactly what one hopes for in a family run deli/sandwich shop.  Half of Phoenix grew up on this place including myself.  "GOLD, Jerry!...GOLD!"
4	I feel good eating here.  It's good food (Boar's Head meats are my favorite brand), family-owned, and it's classic.  I like the Doughboy with a Sasparilla.       It's a tradition for me, and they make me smile every time.  Good food, the best service around and just being in there you can feel the love and tradition of a family owned and operated business.
5	I just re-visited Cheese 'N Stuff this weekend after a while.  I guess just eat during their limited hours very often.  They close very early (4pm).I love their liverwurst sandwiches and the Bismark but this time I decided to try the Doughboy people speak of minus mayo as I do not enjoy warm sandwich lubrication.  As ever the place is tiny, homey and spotlessly clean.  I had some of the hot German Potato salad as a side and a ginger ale.   All were yummy, delicious and satisfying!  As I was eating I had a yen for a Celery Soda to go with this classic sandwich but I've only been able to get them at Chompie's in the valley.  There are loads of interesting European cookies to get packages of as dessert so grab a couple of friends when you go but carpool as the lot is smallish.  I guess they stopped giving pickles with sandwiches, bummer.
4	Seeing that this place has great reviews on Yelp, and with raving reviews from my co-workers, I decided to try out this place.It's unfortunate that Schlotzkey's has the catchphrase "Strange name, serious sandwich", because Cheese N Stuff takes the cake.I had the Manhattan, which was a take on the classic Ruben, and it was delicious!  The only thing though is that I would have loved my sandwihc on rye, not wheat.This is the kind of place that just oozes good feelings, and the owner is more than helpful. I enjoyed my sandwich, and intend on going back, especially because they carry Lutefisk.
5	i love this place so much for the down home new york city corner look of it. it seriously looks like they picked this place up from manhattan and delivered it to phoenix.yes, it's small and a little cramped inside. get it to go and let me gawk at all the amazing products lined up across their shelves. so many rare types of strange delicacies i can't believe it. lutefisk! i haven't tried it but i'm going to give it a go next time i'm in there.although the place may look like a total bummer inside with it's computer-paper-print outs hanging all over the wall listing their food, you can't really deny the cheesiness (oh puns) of this place. they're very friendly inside and recommended i try the corned beef sandwich with melted swiss and mustard. the bread was so soft it nearly melted in my mouth and the corned beef was top notch and not extremely fatty. it was a perfect size as well, not too big and meaty but not too scrawny. packed a lotta punch. they use boars head meats, and you can't really go wrong there.prices are very reasonable too, you can get out of their unscathed for a mere ten bucks. it's community seating inside so be prepared to go cozy.
5	This is as local-business as it gets - this deli has been around for decades. For Phoenix, that's like a millenium. I've been to Cheese and Stuff for lunch about 8 times in the past year, and I've always had a delicious sandwich. They have a huge menu and I'm sure if you want something that's not listed, they'll make it for you. I can't remember the owners' names, but they are always friendly and happy to see you. The dining room does leave a bit to be desired so plan to take your sandwich to go - the only suggestion I'd make for cheese and stuff is perhaps tout yourself as to-go only, lose the tables altogether and make a little more room for unique German gifts and such. Perhaps add a delivery service instead? Okay, now I'm dreaming.PS in the summer time you can get a fresh squeezed 32 ounce lemonade for a dollar. It is FANTASTIC.  And the iced tea is delicious and always fresh.
5	A mom and pop type of sandwich deli that has been around for many years.  You definitely won't get that chain feel like Subway, Quizno's, or Blimpie.  The owners are always so friendly and the prices are great.  Sandwiches are spectacular and I'm loving the location near Central Ave and Camelback, so much seems to be going on in this area. New restaurants and stores opening up all this time and I'm sure this place will be around for a while.  I'm getting hungry just thinking about the place!
5	I am so glad this place exists.  It's such a strange little throwback to east coast style delis.  The service here is truly amazing, they just don't treat people like this much anywhere else.  They get to know you, they smile, wink, tell jokes, make you feel good about buying your lunch. I buy local whenever I can, and love that I can eat here before or after a little shopping jaunt to the ultra-local strip behind here that includes Halo, Frances, Red Hot Robot, Stinkweeds and Smeeks.  It's also right on the light rail.The macaroni salad is my favorite anywhere.  I know everyone wants exactly what they want, which is often what their grandma/mom/Aunt Jenny made.  Lucky for me, this stuff tastes just like home to me. I can hardly drive by without stopping in for at the very least, a cup of macaroni salad. If I am lucky, I'm hungry, and I can get a cheese sandwich, (which is perfect in every way) or something with the Russian dressing on it.  (The Russian dressing makes me want to get naked and swim around in it.)The weirdest thing about this place is the menu, which is on randomly placed sheets of paper hanging over the deli counter.  Do not rush, take your time.  Read it all, they don't mind.  They have a pre-printed menu, which has some (but not all) of the items on it, so you can start sorting things in your head.  The first time I went in I ordered whatever struck my fancy first, and while waiting for it to be made, I found about ten other things I might have ordered instead.
4	I can't help but order the Doughboy every time I'm at Cheese. Mmmm my fave! Yeah, they use an avocado spread rather than the real thing, but that's just the way it's made. It makes it all gooey and delicious. I like to add a sarsaparilla or iced tea, along with a tiny mac salad or potato salad side. It really doesn't get any better. (The Long Tall Texan is another family fave.)The space is a blast from the past -- humble beginnings with personal family touches. The family owned and operated shop is clean and always welcoming. The clientele ranges from blue collared to white collared, high school kids to grandpas. You really can't get any local than this, people!Every time I'm in the neighborhood, I have to stop in for lunch...or breakfast (tasty breakfast egg sandwiches). Cheese 'N Stuff is a real treat and never disappoints.
5	Oh Cheese N' Stuff how I love thee! I didn't know of The Cheese until I started dating my now husband. He has been going here since he was a little boy. His whole family is obsessed with this place, to the point that not only does the owner know them by heart and knows what they order, but so does the owners kids! That's customer service! I usually get the tuna, its AMAZING but this past Saturday I went for the #5 which is the turkey sammich on a sub roll with Russian dressing! So yum! Also, I am wayyyyyy picky about my macaroni salad, and cNs's mac salad is the bomb nonnie! I promise! I topped off my lunch with a cream soda! Yes its old and cramped, but the sandwiches make up for all of that.
5	Simply an AWESOME tuna sandwich! Great service, and the atmosphere was really cool. Just wondering what the difference is between pickles and cucumbers in brine. (50 cents, apparently)
4	Phoenix needs more great mom & pop's like this place!Great food, a gazillion choices of sandwiches and the like (I suggest looking at their web page and narrowing down your choice before going in)  Reasonable prices, big portions, and a laid back atmosphere makes this place a winner!  It was an awesome place to grab a quick bite before hopping on the light rail to catch a game.
5	Easily one of the best sandwich shops around. Family owned and operated for the last 60 years. A great selection of subs and sides and even a few imported goodies. If you like sandwiches you owe it to yourself to check it out.
4	Stan and his kids are really friendly, and The Doughboy is a great brown-bag sandwich.  This place is part of my Central/Camelback routine, right between getting my haircut at Central Barbershop and heading over to All About Books & Comics or AJ's.  Price:  GoodAtmosphere: Okay, don't really go there for the placeService: GreatFood: GreatOnly problem, they run out of Yoo-Hoo's half the time.
4	Dam I wish I would have known this place was here sooner. Really good sandwiches. They use Boars Head meat which I am a huge fan of. They have so many different sandwiches it took me a while to figure out what I wanted. The menu is kinda all over the place. There is a menu board but its old and fadeed but they have white papers with all the sandwiches hung up all over the wall. The staff  are very friendly and I'm sure this place has many regulars. Inside its a tight squeeze with limited seating. The macaroni salad is great as is the potatoe salad. I love the sicilian sub. The italian dressing on it is so really good and I think thats why I like this sub so much. My other fav is the club on wheat. Oh yeah I think Ill go there agin today. Sanwhiches range from $5.95-6.95.
5	Born and raised in Phoenix, I've been going to Cheese n' Stuff since I was 10 years old... I'm normally a vegetarian, but I make exceptions for this place, it's that good!!Super atmosphere, incredibly great service, and delicious food. The owners are absolutely wonderful, and it's been family owned and operated since opening. The girls who help run it are so nice and friendly, and it's wonderful to see a truly family owned local shop in Central Phoenix.I absolutely love the turkey and cheese sandwich with a little mayo and tomato. Plain, but sooo good! Price is very reasonable, especially for the superb location. I've seen this place really crowded around lunch time during the week, but they are very efficient in getting your lunch to you quickly. Cheese n' Stuff also sells a variety of Scandinavian products, likes cookies and lutefisk (whatever that is) plus lots of other foreign foods I've never heard of. If you're looking for an obscure Scandinavian food, you might want to check out this place first.In short, I love this place. Yummy food at great prices, an excellent location on Central & Camelback (near Dutch Bros!), and family owned. Yay!
4	I worked on Central Ave for a number of years in the past and never saw this place.  And it's been there for 60 years!!!  I'm slackin' in my mom & pop shop dex duties!  Had to run some errands in the area so I Yelped sandwich shops looking for one I had never been to before and came across this one.  I looked at their menu and immediately saw a bunch of items that appealed to me.  I still couldn't believe I had never seen this before, especially since I'm sooooo in love with Cheese!The poor people behind the counter must have thought I was nuts!  I get the impression they are used to people knowing what they want when they walk in the door rather than having me stare at the menu for a good 10 minutes, again.  To my credit, the only lunch meat I ate growing up was a slice of bologna once a year and I've eaten the same Subway sandwich for 20 years so this whole deli thing is new to me.  I asked about a number of sandwiches and they were very helpful in answering all my questions.  "You can have that hot or cold".  "Sourdough or rye".I settled on  a chicken salad sandwich, surprisingly.  I usually shy away from "salad" sandwiches because most places use too much mayo, or there's funky ingredients like walnuts or raisins or grapes.  I was feeling mighty brave today I guess.  The sandwich was AWESOME!  Great flavor and not drowning in goo.  They have a huge selection of chips or you can try their homemade potato or macaroni salad.  I can't wait to bring the hubby back for him to try.
4	Sandwiches are my thing.  I want to eat as many of them as possible from as many different places as I can.  And let me tell you, there is just something about the sandwiches from Cheese 'n Stuff.It's not big on atmosphere.  There's a deli counter and then a few picnic tables with plastic tableclothes, some shelves stocking Swedish foodstuffs for sale as well as the store's backstock of chips, soda and paper towels.  They usually have some cheesy holiday decorations out.  It's cramped and not that pleasant.  I usually get my lunches to go.Their sandwich menu consists of about a million pages printed out from an inkjet printer and taped to the wall, along with some hokey signs that say things like "Today's Special: So's Tomorrow."  There's nothing slick or pretentious about it.  It's obviously just a shop owned by some guy and his wife and daughter.So yeah.  The sandwiches.  I'm a vegetarian, and they have a simple yet elegant veggie sandwich that I find myself craving a lot.  It has cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, avocados, and some kind of dressing.  I get it on a wheat sub roll.  Not fancy, but oh-so-tasty.  I wish they had more veggie options, but this one satisfies me.I bring friends who eat meat here so I can tell them to order the Doughboy and enjoy it vicariously.  Their deli meat is high quality and there are loads of options.  It looks like the sort of place my grandpa would love and I want to bring him there some day.  No one I've brought in has been disappointed.The sides are delicious.  I am a fan of the macaroni salad and the pasta salad that has the olives and italian dressing.  If I'm feeling indulgent, I'll get a brownie, a piece of cheesecake, or an ice-cold sarsaparilla.The lack of atmosphere doesn't bother me; my one gripe with this place is how early they close.  There have been many times I haven't gotten moving early enough and haven't been able to get there before they close, which is 4 PM.  Those times I do get my rear in gear and errands all finished before 4, I do love to treat myself to Cheese 'n Stuff.  I highly suggest you try it.
5	My family and I have been enjoying the delicalicious bounties of Cheese N' Stuff on Central and Camelback for decades. In a city with a new trendy lunch spot opening and closing every 15 minutes, you will find no greater old school deli in the Metro Phoenix area than this place. With a sandwhich selection ranging from lebanese bologna to the famous "doughboy", I can't seem to leave Cheese N' Stuff without brown bagging at least 2 sandwhiches for myself. Stan and his girls have the magic touch when it comes to delicious sandwhich making, and their macaroni salad can't be beat. Hands down best damn deli lunch spot in Arizona. Do not pass Central and Camelback without stopping by Cheese N' Stuff and experiencing the best deli sandwhiches in the State!
5	"Is it local? I am just going to ask you one more time, and its local?If your a central corridor native like myself you have either heard of this place or eating here. I always passed and heard about this place but never took the time to try it out. I would recommend taking the time!Next to the DQ, Cheese n Stuff is a local and family as you can get. Picture os the last six decades are taped, tacked, and hanging from all places of the store.When I order my Hot Pastrami on Rye ($5.75) with the $1.29 combo (chips and soda can) I was hoping for the best. The result was a standard sliced bread with 1/4in thick of meat and cheddar cheese.  ehhh was not that impressed. Next time I will try one of there specialty sandwich.5stars for the [*****]service and keeping the vintage decor!NOTE: Parking is sparse. Park across the street near the Applebees.
4	I just checked this place out after telling myself that I would try it for the past 4 years.  I finally went, and I really liked it.  Had the "doughboy" on a sub roll, and it was really good.  There are plenty of other specialty sandwiches to try, as well as just plain sandwiches.For the price (sandwiches range from $5.25-$9.95), this place is great.  I can't believe the joint has been around for 60 years!  Don't think elegant dining if you plan to eat here.  The inside is just some tables with tablecloths and very limited seating (almost picnic table style).
5	Hands down, this place has the BEST sandwiches in AZ!1. Great Bread2. Generous size portion of meat in each sandwich.3. Nice variety of sandwiches.Wild Turkey is my personal favorite sandwich.Brie/ Boar's Head Turkey/ Lettuce/ Tomato on Sourdough Bread.
5	I lived in the neighborhood for a good year before trying this place. Shame on me! This is mom and pop at it's finest. Great portions of high quality meat and yummy breads. Price is such a good deal for what you get and it's always super fast service. My man and I usually split one sandwich and side and are happy full when done. I love the selection of Boar's Head meats as well as I can't find them at the Fry's down the street.
3	Their sign alone is worth the visit to to Cheese 'n Stuff. You know, just in case the name isn't enough to peak your interest. In which case, we probably can't be friends. I mean who doesn't like cheese. Or stuff?I popped in here for breakfast one day on my way to work and am glad I did. I ordered a go to breakfast sandwich that was fantastic and extremely reasonably priced, which is a bit tricky to find these days. The lunch menu looks extraordinary, though the hours don't seem to mesh unless you work nearby, so that will have to wait for a weekend. The only thing that disappointments me about this establishment, is that they have more stuff than cheese. I was really hoping for more cheese. A more accurate name would be Stuff 'n Cheese. Please, give us more cheese. Gift baskets of cheese. Cheeses of the month. Cheese soup. Fondue. Moar cheese!
4	I held true to my word and tried lunch here shortly after trying breakfast. I walked out with a texan to go and was completely happy and satisfied the rest of the day. And I came back the next weekend, and had the same thing again.I still wish they had better hours so I could enjoy them some evening after work when I didn't feel like cooking, but no matter what the hours, when they combine their cheese with their stuff, it's a total win.
4	Very good sandwich shop for lunch! I had tracked Cheese 'n Stuff down but initially had to wait due to their lunch oriented hours. When we got a chance the other day to finally try their sandos out I was pretty happy. I am always a fan of Boar's Head products so C'nS is already headed in the right direction for me. The bread for my Italian Sub was a great fresh, soft roll which had nicely absorbed some of the dressing rounding out a nice sandwich. I have a task ahead working through their sandwich list but expect many great encounters along the way. Great family owned spot.
4	This place rocks!  About a milion times better than just going to subway.  I have been wanting to try this sandwich shop since I was in highschool, and never did until the other day when my husband asked to try something new for a change, and all I ever want are sandwiches.  The bread is so soft, there are so many meats and so many options that sound delicious, and best of all, I walk out of there actually spending less than I do at subway.Definately worth a try if you like deli sandwiches on the go.
5	Felt like I was home in NJ/NY at a deli, good food nice people.
2	All I can say is, I really hope this place was having a bad day. I was really hoping this place would be good. I loved their sign out front and was hoping for a new place to go...but I guess not.When you first walk in, there is no real clear direction as to where you go to order. I walked up to where they were making sandwiches for another customer and stood there. There were two people behind the counter making sandwiches. One left to ring a customer up and came back. All along, for the 5 minutes I was standing there, nobody said "we'll be right with you", "Hello", nothing. I didn't even get eye contact, but I suppose that would have meant they would have had to say something.I finally got an "Are you ready?", which as a side note I thought was somewhat rude. You can't even give me a "Hello. How may I help you?" Just an "Are you ready?" as if I had been making him wait a long time before making my decision. No... I was waiting on you. But I digress. I ordered and decided to get my sandwich to go because the environment wasn't much to look at and it felt claustrophobic.The food meh and made with what seemed like bagged bread. You can look at my photos to see what I got. I think they speak for themselves.
4	Cheese and stuff might be the.cutest little sandwich place on the planet.
5	I love the Blazin Chicken!  Sandwich's are always fresh and tasty!
5	This is the OLD SCHOOL Deli of Phoenix.  My family has been going here since it has opened, my grandmother, my father, everyone.  We always ordered Beer Wurst Sandwitches with their famous Cheese Spread.  Try A dough boy, Try their Macaroni Salad.  You can't go wrong.  Yes, you do have to know what you want when you come in, this ain't friggin Subway, its a real DELI...
4	Really Great Place!  I discovered this place one day after walking out of AJ's across the where I bought a sandwich moments prior, when I saw this place with a big banner that read "delicatessen" I was immediately pissed that I didn't know it was there and bought a sandwich at AJ's, not that AJ's sandwiches are bad, but I crave a more authentic deli style sandwich.  Well they are very good, would give four stars but in Oakland at Genova delicatessen you get sandwiches so good that you are spoiled for life.  These, however, may be best in phoenix.  Owners are great, family run, very very kind people, authentic deli environment, awesome quality, good bread, who can ask for more?
5	I recently met with a client here for lunch on his suggestion. When I arrived I was surprised...the decor/seating area leaves something to be desired. However, the FOOD was awesome! I had the Doughboy, which is their "most popular" sandwich and I know why. It was excellent and I highly recommend the restaurant.
5	I've been going to this place for over 25 years and it is still a WONDERFUL (family-owned) place to get a sandwich!!!
5	Very much enjoyed my experience at Cheese 'n Stuff.My first visit to Phoenix, on the road with my band, I decided to explore downtown. I had a hankering for a sandwich, so I summoned the iPhone and searched Yelp! for "sandwich" and Cheese 'n Stuff was a mere .2 miles from where I was standing (across the street).The service was very friendly and attentive and the sandwich was by leaps and bounds the best sandwich I've yet to feast on...I will be returning!
3	This place is strange. There really isn't any other way to describe it... It's like a tiny little store (that only sells strange Norwegian candies and cookies) with a deli attached to it. It has folding tables in the center of it that are connected to one another so you can make a new friend at lunch (I guess), or have the staff stare at you while you eat (they didn't do that, but it still feels odd to eat there). The whole place is very small, and the deli area is wallpapered with sloppy white sheets of paper advertising different lunch options.Let it be known, the food was very good. BUT, the place looks kind of dirty, and desperately needs someone to come in and make sense of it. The only issue that I took with the food was that they microwaved my hot sub. It was good, but I feel like microwaves belong at home. Just my opinion.
4	Had my first visit on Saturday and already have my next order ready! I had the sliced pork loin on marble rye. So many of Downtown's one of a kind places are closed on Saturday, so this will for sure become a regular place for lunch.
5	This is my favorite deli in the valley.  Whenever I am in central Phoenix I work my schedule around making sure that I get to eat here.  They remember my name and ask about how my family is doing even when it's been months since my last visit.  The fact that you can see pictures of generations of family working behind the counter in one place really should mean something when trying to figure out why you should eat here instead of subway or some other massive chain.  I always get the new yorker.  This is the place everyone craves in their community for lunch and it exists!
4	Had a great sandwich here the other week. Got The Doughboy which is turkey, bacon, swiss, and avocado on sliced sourdough, warmed up, and I added a side of chips and a can of soda - just under $8. Also grabbed a slice of cheesecake for less than $2. Everything was really fresh and the service was fast and friendly despite it being busy. There's a reason why this place has been around so long! They also had a full menu of sliced meats and cheeses for those who prefer making their own sandwiches at home - plus shelves of imported products, seemingly mostly from Sweden. It was nice to see some things I haven't seen since I lived in Finland.I can't wait to come back and try the Turkonberry or the Wild Turkey sandwiches. Both sound amazing!
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at Cheese 'n Stuff. I had the Texan and my boyfriend had the Sicilian with double meat and double cheese.  Both Sandwiches were ample in size and more than enough for any human being. His Sicilian was monstrous. Everything tasted fresh and was FAR better than any sandwich you could get at a chain sub shop. We also had the house-made lemonade (delicious) and both the German potato salad and traditional American Potato salad. I wouldn't buy any of these bound salads again. The German Potato Salad tasted like warmed, thin cut red potatoes in pre-made, store bought Italian dressing. Oh and it also contained bacon bits and was very vinegary and very sweet.  The American potato salad tasted EXACTLY like the Resers  potato salad you get in your local grocer's deli or amongst the other pre-made salads. Although it did seem they mixed it with extra yellow mustard. Same tangy miracle-whippy taste - same weird texture oddly toothsome potatoes. And little bits of red bell pepper. The macaroni salad also looked the same.They did have an interesting assortment of sodas (celery soda,anyone?) along with the usual suspects.  And if you need a meat or cheese plate or both- they do that too!This place is the quintessential mom and pop shop. Its great. Locally owned by a family who has had it for about 63 years. We shall return!
5	Pro:  selection, quality, service, valueCon: tight on parking1 of 2 of my 5 star yelp selection thus far.  Family run with great hustle and class.  It's a joint that never disappoints.   Doughboy, do it.  Hard to go wrong here and I've tried all of the sandwiches.  Very good value.   Call ahead or prepare for a wait.  Tight on seating.  I prefer it during off hours to avoid the masses.  Skip the national chains and try this place if you're not yet hooked.
5	You can drive by this place forever and not know they have the best sandwiches in Phoenix!!  All of the ingredients are super fresh.  Biting in the bread is like biting into a little heaven cloud.  So soft and delicious it's almost not fair that other places have to compete.  I'm not a big fan of deli sides (potato salad, macaroni salad) but the ol lady says the macaroni salad is some of the best she's ever had.  The menu is a little hard to see as it is scattered but have no fear, if you don't find one you like, they'll make you one however you want it.  Family run and the owners are very nice.
4	A nice little shop, not too busy, that sells Leftza, when in stock. The Blazer I had was good, nice bread with Boar's head Buffaloed chicken.  Yes, you could make it yourself if you want to,but this is quick, no mess place, family run.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place! I've been eating here for over a decade now and it NEVER fails me. Consistant, friendly, and incredible food! Everything from the breakfast bagel, to the chicken salad sandwich, to the potato salad. If I lived closer, i'd eat here twice a week.
2	Really couldn't find anything special about the sandwiches here. Boars Head meat is always good, but I'm not sure if they are actually slicing the meat for each sandwich. Turkey seemed like it was cut another time, wrapped up in some plastic and then unfolded for each person's sandwich. They also doused the entire thing with about a quart of Russian Dressing (#5), put some fancy tomatoes on the sandwich and I requested a change of cheese from baby swiss to Smoked cheddar. You can only get about 8 different cheeses here on your sandwich (the rest you must buy) and they only carry one style of Boars Head turkey. No pepper or pastrami style, nothing but boring old plain turkey. Whoever is raving about the macaroni salad must be a rookie as well. The mac salad lacked any flavor and resembled ones you will find in a supermarket tub. There might be some better sandwich combinations out there on their extremly cluttered back wall (it's actually not cute cause your menu is in 20 places), but with the limited variety of meats, it doesn't mean much. Yeah, it's been there awhile, but so what, McDonald's has been around awhile too.
5	Remember the Cheers theme song "Where Everybody Knows Your Name" ????Making your way in the world todayTakes everything you gotTaking a break from all your worriesSure would help a lotThis is THE ONLY place I go in Phoenix and they remember my name and ask about my husband by name. Now, THAT is impressive!Stan is a wonderful guy and runs a fabulous business! We have ordered many platters for business events and they have been done perfectly and on time EVERY SINGLE TIME! It's hard to find anyone that consistently good.The meat is fabulous, the sandwiches outstanding and the prices are wonderful. For instance, the cheesecake is $1.69. I told Stan he could double that price and no one would flinch about paying more. He said, he makes a profit at $1.69 and he is happy with that. WOW!I can't rave enough about this place! Try it, you will love it!!
1	Change your name. I went to cheese 'n stuff to buy cheese and the choices were laughable. It's not even a cheese shop. If your interested in purchasing cheese go to Duck & Decanter, Wedge and Bottle, or AJ's.
5	Yum!  I am so glad I stopped by today to try this place out.   I was craving a really good, yet simple sandwich today.  As I was driving up Camelback, I remembered how I have passed this place over a thousand times growing up, and it's still there(that has to be a good sign).   When I pulled up I was a little intimidated to go inside because I wanted to eat my food there,  and it looked like there wouldn't be anywhere to sit inside.  But a quick check on Yelp and I discovered they do have seating inside, and someone's review led me to order the Doughboy.  Simple yet AMAZING!  The bread and meat are to die for, so the mayo, bacon, and cheese all warmed up together just hit the spot.  Its one of those meals that you think you can make at home, but for some reason it is just so darn good made by someone else.  Well Cheese and Stuff, you can make my sandwich anytime!   I will be back again and again and again.*Quick service too.  Got in, ordered, and ate within 12 min.
4	Shame on me for not having known about this wonderful little gem.  We tried to have lunch on a Monday and the place was packed.  Too bad we were in a hurry or we would have stayed.  So on friday I stopped in later in the afternoon.  The place was quiet and the young gal behind the counter was sweet and helpful.  I ordered a sandwich and german potato salad to go and am very pleased.  The sandwich was a good size, not to big and the potato salad was solid.  I love a small local business and they do not disappoint.
3	I was excited to eat here after reading the reviews.  I did not have the same excitement when I left.  Food was good.  Quality ingredients.  Friendly service.  Fun atmosphere.  But the volume/portion of food was not equal to the price paid.  If you are on a high carb diet or like more bread than meat/cheese, this is the place for you.Doubling the meat/cheese might have helped, but the price for that would have bumped well into a $$ rating.
5	Delicious lovely family owned sandwich shop. Boar's Head meats, fresh bread, and friendly people. I work around the corner. . I will definitely be back.
4	Really into this spot. Reminds me of a classic NYC deli. Sandwiches are tasty and the space is cozy.  The service is really friendly.. I recommend the tall lean Texan.
4	I have driven by this place for close to 10 years and have never stopped in...but wanted to.  A few weeks ago I came by and ordered a turkey sandwich to go.  The staff is so friendly, the sandwiches are delicious and quite big and the prices are pretty reasonable.  This place has definitely stood the test of time and I can see why!
5	Cute little family owned sandwich shop in uptown. Great meats and (duh) cheeses. Good selection of specialty sandwiches, with printed descriptions randomly taped all over the walls. Typical of this kind of place, it's a little slow and prices are higher. Great location, I'm putting it on my regular rotation.
5	I just started working in the central phoenix area, and have to say that Cheese n stuff quickly became my favorite lunch stop around.   They use boar's head meats/cheese on their sandwiches and other quality ingredients in their sides.  The shop is small and quirky, and it's probably best as a carry-out location (they do have some tables inside, and although I've never seen all seats filled, I suppose that's a possibility).  Its reasonably priced, with a gigantic menu and selection.  Their breakfast sandwich is delicious, as is everything I've had for lunch.  In fact, on more than one occasion where I have gone for breakfast and lunch in the same day.If you like sandwiches, and miss east coast deli's, this place is for you.
4	Y-U-M! I can't wait to go back to this little gem. Try the "Tyler" it was delicious. They have so many menu options, I'm going to have to make several trips back to try everything. The shop itself is very small, quaint, clean and family owned. The owner was kind and helpful, I can't wait to go back.
4	4.4/5 Very good. I usually get the Turkey Rueben and I am never disappointed. Fast friendly service, dining area a little tight but who cares. Portions are right on for the quality you get. This isn't a subway, this is a real deli.
4	My coworkers love this place. I think is really good,  but menu is hard to read. ..a bunch of pages posted on the wall.  I like that is family owned,  and has that small town food store type of feel.
4	the Sicilian Sub is fantastic
5	What a great, locally owned family business!This place has been in business for over 60 years!  Now that's impressive.Cheese 'n Stuff is my "go to" establishment for lunch during the week.I always order The Haturo, which is ham, turkey, roast beef, provolone cheese, onion, lettuce and mayo, with Italian dressing on a sub roll.  I have them replace the tomatoes with peppercinis, which helps to give it a little kick.Now that I think about it, a small dose of tabasco would probably be good, too.I usually eat my sandwich with some Tim's jalapeno chips (which I have to buy at Safeway) and a side of pasta or potato salad.Their salads are great and affordably priced.I have been trying to replicate a sandwich that reminds me of home and this is the only place that has been able to meet my high expectations.The family is extremely nice and very good at what they do.Cheese n' Stuff is one of the best businesses in the Valley.  They deserve your patronage.
5	Very big and a great place to stop to pick up foods for lunch or dinner. Other cool shops near by. Dont go out of your way but if your in the west village stop in.
