5	And so it begins... FINALLY. Finally a Whole Foods in Charlotte. After being completely blown away the first time i entered one in DC, i have anxiously been awaiting the opening of this location since the rumors of its existence began circulating a few years ago. While its not officially open yet, over the weekend they offered pre-opening tours to those who signed up through the Observer. I totally had to go to this. The tour was a little over a half hour long. My group was lead to various departments throughout the store where employees provided information on the store. I learned a few pretty cool things:- They really take the organic, humanely treated, healthy thing seriously. There is signage throughout the store to educate the consumer on what they are purchasing. - Huge emphasis on LOCAL. From beef from a farm in Kings Mtn. to beer from breweries in Noda, they are going to carry a lot of items that are produced in this area. - Its really not too outrageously expensive. I was peeping the prices in every department and i realized that indeed i will be able to shop here often:). The Whole Foods 365 brand seems very on price point with other grocery stores and is better for ya body. -This is the first location to have a "Queens Corner". It is a loft area in the back where you will be able to hang out and sample wines, have a beer/cheese plate and just chill. -The words Cookie and Bar were mentioned together.-The prepared food section is shaping up to be a thing of beauty. As that is what really sold me on Whole Foods years ago. All the food was not out, but stations were set up for a salad bar, olive bar, hot bar, trail mix bar, coffee bar, pizza station and sushi station. The glass cases were empty but there was a sign that said "Cherry Glazed Bbq Pork ribs"! Dear god those are happening soon.-Worth mentioning separately is the bulk bar! Flour, grains, rice, beans, nuts, seeds AND Also honey, pure maple syrup and olive oil all available by the pound/ounce. -All of the employees i interacted with were super nice, helpful and seemed to enjoy their jobs. -The official grand opening is this Wed(Aug 29th) morning and they will be offering free breakfast and some killer food specials throughout the day. So those are a few things that really stood out to me from the tour. I haven't "officially" shopped or purchased anything yet but i wanted to drop some of this knowledge into a review. I will definitely update with a shopping experience in the near future.In conclusion, i don't care how snotty it makes me sound to be SO excited that there is finally a location in Charlotte. I seriously can not wait for them to open.
5	Wow. 5 stars for a grocery store, huh? I've only been to a handful of these elsewhere and haven't found much that appeals to my grocery perusing self. Honestly, I've always thought of Whole Foods as a "window shopping" grocery store. Not the smartest way to utilize one's time, let me tell ya. Despite the astronomically priced goods and somewhat niche, organic, so-local-it-will-make-your-eyes-water type products, these guys earn a solid 5-star high five. Here's why. Staff. There is more staff in this joint than you could imagine. I counted 11 behind the cheese counter, 6 behind the fish counter, 6 at the coffee shop, and at least 2 people on each check-out lane. Every aisle had a representative to answer questions, talk up products, or help you find what you need throughout this organic wonderland. Local. I love seeing produce and from farms and farmers that are just hours away. There were vendors delivering local salmon, produce, meat, beer, and coffee while people were walking around. It seems that these guys aren't playing around with the idea of "best products for where YOU are" mantra. This does Charlotte well. Levels. This place has three levels. First floor is everyone's favorite grocery store. Second is a cafe and third is a cooking school. Yes. A freaking cooking school. That is so rad. They are definitely aiming to be more than just a store where you can buy stuff. The bottom floor is the parking deck. Get this. There are freaking escalators you can ride WITH your shopping cart. Hello, future. This place is just ridiculously cool. Although it is a grocery store, I think WF can do some really cool things in Charlotte. I'm looking forward to seeing how the beer/wine bar on the 1st floor impacts the local breweries! So cool to see NoDa, Foothills, Birdsong and Olde Meck on draught! Yes. Draught, local brewskies at a freaking grocery store. Dig it. Looking forward to all that is to come for these guys!
5	This is my first experience with a Whole Foods, after hearing friends praise the locations in Wilmington & Raleigh, I am so happy we have our own location here.Christine pretty much "nailed it on the head" with her review. I can't offer much more. :DThe store is bright & inviting, the employees are so friendly & helpful. The wine/beer bar (on second floor) & "Queens Corner" wine/lounge area above is so nice. I can see this area being QUITE busy - especially since their hours are 11 AM - 10 PM every day. Hot bar, sushi bar, nice seafood department, meat department, grains area, potting (garden) area, a cooking school (can't WAIT to try this out!), breakfast bar 7 days a week, a gelato/coffee/smoothie bar, bakery, body/health area...what more could you ask for?!Love that they want to help out local (NC/SC) farmers.  Lots of local love going on there in the store. Prices vary - I noticed some prices are reasonable. Their 365 brand carries an "every day low price".The only bad sad is parking. With so many Charlotteans & out of towners coming to shop here, parking is going to be quite the issue.Long live Whole Foods!
4	Who gets excited about a grocery store?  This chick!  Much anticipated opening day was yesterday. After visiting the one in Greenville, SC a few months ago, I was psyched about having one in CLT.  By now you all have heard about the hype.  So instead of telling you the same thing all over again, let me give you a Peggy's take on WF:1. Pay attention.  Some items here are quite affordable, some are very expensive. Purchase with your eyes wide open. Know your prices and you will be good to go. Look for specials, and they offer coupons online.  I got regular vitamin D milk at $2.99 a gallon, not on special.  I got 85/15 $2.99 a lb and that was a special.  And hummus on sale for $0.99 until 9/4! 2. Don't get too crazy with the hot bar.  At $7.99 a pound, your lunch/dinner can get insanely expensive.  For example, my 3 wings was 0.29lb.  That was almost $2.50 for 3 wings, ouch right?  But I had to do a taste test and the verdict is, good wings!3. Speaking of wings, they have a $8.99 bucket deal... Now that is a different story.  I haven't tried, but growing up during Tetris era, I think I can stuff some impressive amount of wings in that bucket with zero space wasted.  Challenge accepted. 4. Tuesday $2 wine (by the glass I assume). Enough said, I will check it out and report back :)  since we are on the topic of their wine bar, the by the glass price rivals other actual wine bars, $5-9 a glass.5. Bulk area is fabulous. You can try whatever your heart desires without worrying about waste. All kind of rice & grains, fancy salt and seasoning, honey, nuts. 6. Great produce at reasonable price. One bunch of arugula was $0.99.  7. Sandwich bar, sushi bar, smoothie bar, coffee bar, salad bowl bar, gelato bar... All made to order with a write on menu available for your custom request. 8. Mushroom lovers, they have specialty mushrooms.  Granted expensive (hmm... As much as $30 a pound, I mean I didn't think legal mushroom price can go this high lol) but it is available. So... Basically I have decided that WF is a destination grocery store... Where you not just shop but linger and browse for much longer than expected. I left the store 40 bucks poorer but it worthy the hours of fun I had.  Come take a look, definitely deserve a visit!
5	This place is completely insane - in an amazing way.  Huge selection of fresh/quality food (stuff I've never seen before - think "Chopped" ingredients) + cooking school + beer/wine tasting bar + a cosmetics/body section + super friendly and knowledgeable    staff + conveniently located = euphoria.  I could have spent 3 hours here, but had 30 minutes, so I got some stuff from the biggest olive bar I've ever seen,  "homemade" lasagna and pizza, and some sushi.  The lasagna (which they gave to me for free because it didn't have a scanning label) and pizza were restaurant quality, in my opinion.  The sushi was good enough but is no Cowfish or Upstream (but who goes to grocery stores when they are really craving good sushi).  Great place to stop into on your way home from work to grab dinner to bring home.They have about 10 different vats of soups, giant salad bar, make your own homemade dinner, a huge wine and beer selection, baked goods, vast meat and seafood selections, fantastic produce, etc.   They also have specials (i.e. tonight was 'pint night' and samples in every section (everything from organic chicken nuggets to raw oysters).Their website is excellent and has a ton of info (including great recipes).  I am optimistically hopeful that the experience continues to be the same post-grand opening!
5	Hello, fancy store! For an impressive shopping experience, Whole Foods wines and dines each consumer who walks through their shiny doors. Whether you park in their underground garage parking or out in front, there are plenty of spaces and they even will bring your pre-ordered items out to your car. The third floor is a culinary dream! They host a variety of cooking classes in a beautiful kitchen with well placed cameras to film every angle of the chef's creation. The second "floors" offer havens of space to dine and take a break from shopping. There's even an outdoor space overlooking Burger King...I just had to chuckle. Bring your iPad and hook up to their free WiFi. Be rest assured, it's a new place to spend hours upon hours of Flipboard or Pinterest. The main floor is event in-and-of itself...fresh brewed coffee, smoothie station, gelato counter, sushi section, salad and hot bar...talk about breakfast, lunch, and dinner! To be honest, on my first stop, this is where I stayed. While I quickly pursued the grocery section, I'll need to carve out a lazy afternoon to thoroughly shop their produce (some local grabs), cheese assortment, bulk section...there just was too much to take in at once. It's definitely well staffed with friendly and excited employees. Seems everyone was thrilled for this new mecca of everything delicious!
5	Yes, it's pricey. But you get what you pay for. This is a very spacious store compared to other WF nationwide. It really invites you to meander every aisle. This is Not our every day bread and milk grocery, but many items are much cheaper than Harris Teeter, with 2x the quality. Come here if you're planning a fancy dinner. They will let you sample as many cheeses out want... And the gourmet sandwiches for $7.99 will beat any fancy sit-down restaurant in town.And if you feel guilty after shopping here.... Just remind yourself you at least saved ca$h by not going to Dean&Delucca.
2	Two 1/2 stars, not 3 stars because overpriced is not A-OK in my book. I can't believe the amount of 5 star reviews from  non-customers.  Hey, at least I actually shopped there as a paying customer first and reviewed second - which I thought was the rule? The groundwork:-Whole Foods is a full fledged SUPERMARKET (not an amusement park), IMO the shopping (that word again) experience should be compared to Fresh Market, HT, Publix, Milam's etc - not to D&D, which is after all a luxury gourmet shop. - Overpriced means selling the same or similar item at sensibly higher prices than the competition, it does not mean selling expensive items. Pro:As expected they offered some little bargains to get people in a shopping mood. I picked up assorted fresh figs ($2/lb) fragrant tomatoes ($3/lb) , one pound of very tasty Irish Cheddar ($10/lb) a wedge of Fourme d'Ambert (French bleu) $16/lb, Swiss Gruyere($14/lb) , uncured, natural salami ($13/lb). A bottle of  Macon Village for $12 and one of Montelpuciano for $10 which I haven't tasted it and the highlight of the trip : hand made organic Ciabatta bread ($3.25) . Hands down that's the best bread that I've tasted in Charlotte and the only one which tasted and felt like authentic Italian bread -I'm not crazy about HT or Fresh Food breads.Altogether I spent $70 on those treats. Cheese prices are decent for the quality and the offerings are fresh for now. Oh and the croissants look perfect. Thumbs up for the bakery and the excellent cheese selection.  The produce section seems to be good but it's too early to tell, I read a lot about local produce but I got the impression much was brought in from California and other places. Con:Price wise the rest of the store is a mine field. Previously frozen Ahi Tuna ($25/lb) Sea bass ($30/lb) etc. A lot of the prices displayed seem OK until I realized that was for just 5 oz servings. Even the packages of frozen fish were priced high, still frozen Atlantic salmon for $12/lb?The rib eye was on special for $13/lb instead of the usual $17, I didn't check out the meat section to tell the truth. The wine section does not offer a lot of the better bargains that are available around town. The featured bargain wine was undrinkable, I practically spat it out. Like in their Miami stores the bargain wines are mostly dubious brands. They do have a very drinkable Granache del Fuego from Spain for $9 but most brands are at full list and beyond. The Mark West Pinot Noir which typically retails everywhere at $10-12 was a full $16. I've never seen that. Oyster Bay Chardonnay from NZ is $17 again top dollar, Catena's Malbec was $24, I've never seen that particular wine retail for more than $18. You really have to know your wine to avoid getting ripped here.  A quart of fresh squeezed OJ was $8 , it's $5-6 at the competition. An 8 oz bottle of watermelon juice is $5 ??? A pizza to cook home was $11 (Trader Joe's sells a very good one for 4$) although they'll cook for you a decent looking large cheese pizza for the same price.  The buffet looked OK, there was an abundance of pulled pork to entice the locals, not my thing. Hopefully unlike at their So Miami store they'll keep cooked foods fresh at this location.[Edit] Where's the update button gone? the "all natural" salami was just awful, in the future I'll stick with known brands like Daniele or Cisterio. The Montelpuciano was boring. How and when do I get my "not overpriced" $17 pound of salmon for free?
2	I totally get the hype and excitement.  I was there day one for the bread breaking and have returned for a total of 4 times.The shopping experience is fine.Parking sucks.Helpful staff, absolutely.Now the rub... quality of certain products.  My produce, organic as it was, did not hold up for even a day.  I had tomatoes, avocado, bananas, spinach and watermelon.  The melon and spinach were fine... everything else went way to fast for the price.... forget price, they went way too fast.I also bought a packaged bread (not frozen) and it was stale that day.  I really should have taken that back.  I did buy a fresh loaf and it was delightful.Deli meat is very good.  This is your turkey and ham....The meat market gave me something else... I asked for a 90/10 ground and that bad boy through so much grease that there was no way it was 90/10.... on a positive note, boy was it good! (fat makes it tasty)I gave it a fair shot.  I still will go and try the fish line which looked exceptional and I will definitely buy the hard to find items, but it is simply not good enough to be the only store I will shop....
5	I love Whole Foods.  Their selection of products, the quality of products, etc.  I stopped in for a quick bite for lunch and got the pre-made Caprese sandwich which was behind the deli counter.  The line moved quickly and the sandwich was only $3.99! I couldn't believe it.  The tomatoes and mozerella cheese were so fresh and flavorful! The pesto spread on the bread was out of this world! the bread was absolutely perfect.  I love Whole Foods and am looking forward to returning!!
2	I don't like to give such a low review of this store after we experienced an enjoyable afternoon there during their pre-grand opening, but we tried to get in there yesterday afternoon and it was absolutely impossible.  After 20 minutes of driving around the tiny lot and the parking deck, narrowly avoiding the cars/large SUVS rounding the tight corners, we finally found someone leaving in the lot, only to have our spot stolen by a woman coming in from the other direction.  That was the last straw, especially after she snapped "not my problem."  Hopefully that's not a sign of the clientele, but I may never know, especially after reading some of the other reviews.    There were even 3 off-duty police officers or security guards walking around, one of whom witnessed this, and they didn't offer to help or direct at all.  We made our over to EarthFare and had a great experience there, including sampling a variety of foods, getting a free hand massage and a free pound of delicious cole slaw (w/$5 purchase), and easy access in and out.
5	My first experience with WF and I am so in love...never knew I could be swayed from my dear Earthfare but this place is mega and I just couldn't believe how much cheaper my specialty products were compared to EF.  The food was amazing, the fresh juices were amazing, and the smoothies we're amazing!  They have a wine bar, and they carry products of local businesses, have a play area for kids and several areas to lounge around, and valet parking.......what's not to love?
5	Drinking while shopping, how can you beat that? Excellent wine bar, hot bars, cookie bar, sandwich bar, sushi bar, pizza bar, smoothie bar.. the list goes on and on. Since it just open the place is CRAZY busy... hard to really enjoy all they have to offer but over time that will improve. Its a great place to shop, eat or just hang out at... if you havent been to a whole foods or somebody comes from out of town I would definately bring them by. My only disappointment is that this location is smaller than others Ive been, but they had limited space to being with...
4	Finally it opens!!!!!!!!!!We thought the day would never come. So glad to see it here at long last. Great layout and awesome food and pizza. The beer and wine bar are exquisite. Great parking deck and very convenient to the area.
5	Good, large, well-stocked Whole Foods! Lots of hot bar, deli, soup options. A ton of seating for diners. Coffee and wine bar are a nice touch. Lots of great gluten free options. Bulk food options are a little sparse - as is the cheese selection - but otherwise everything is great. Glad I'm moving to Charlotte right after it gets its first WF.
2	Not a fan.  The parking lot was such a zoo that there was almost a fight over a parking space.  I went in solely for lunch, specifically to try their salad bar.  It was a disaster.  They were out of items and it was a bit unkempt.  Think I'll stay tried and true to Charlotte's very own Harris Teeter!
4	I enjoyed my first visit to the Charlotte Whole Foods Market.  Went on a Sunday after church with the kiddies so it was somewhat crowded.  We parked in the parking garage with ease.  Rode the elevator up and started the adventure.I've heard people from Whole Foods say that shopping there is more of an experience than normal grocery shopping and that is true.  I enjoyed walking through the build your own trail mix and my daughter wanted the raspberry yogurt coated pretzels which I must say were awesome.  My litmus test for good grocery stores is to walk through the meat section and I liked what I saw....the meat all seemed fresh and was decently priced.  They also carry my favorite, shoulder cut lamb chops which for some reason have not caught on yet in the southeast but they're yummy!  The fresh fish and shrimp all looked very good and I am looking forward to coming back to purchase some.  They had people showcasing their products such as a local nut roaster and salsa maker offering free samples.  I purchased some good "crusty bread" from the bakery and 2 cupcakes for the kiddoes both were very tasty.  The bread seemingly was baked there and was better than anything you could purchase at Harris Teeter so that was nice.  We've been lacking good bread down here for quite sometime.Here's the kicker.  We parked down below int he garage.  They have this "Cart escalator" which is like a magnet for the cart when you roll onto it, it locks in the cart and it brings you downstairs.  Good thing they had an associate standing there telling me to pull my daughter out of the cart before loading on or we could have had an issue if the cart fell.   Everything was good and we made it to the car safe and sound.  We didn't really have a reason to go to Whole Foods other than I wanted to see what it was like and we spent $84.00 so you really have to know what you want when you go in or else it could be a mega spend fest.I'm glad we have a good, different option now for grocery shopping in Charlotte.  In Ballantyne alone we have like 20 Harris Teeters so it's nice to know there's somewhere else out there.
3	Whole Foods was easy to find - if you are somewhat familiar with the area you will have no trouble locating it.  While parking on a Thursday evening was no issue, I can see that this place would be unbearable on the weekend.  The surface lot stayed full the entire time I was there, and while there is underground parking, there aren't a LOT of spaces.  The underground lot is very well lit with several emergency phones.  The parking spaces are a good size, so folks aren't dinging doors.The store itself is well designed and utilizes every inch of space for either products or seating.  I was impressed by the size, cleanliness and organization of the store.  I briefly walked up and down a few aisles and did see that the prices on items that I get from HT (namely the Amy's organic brand) were either the same or slightly higher than HT.  There were a lot of choices for gluten-free products.  I don't know that I would say WF is overpriced, as I believe that quality items are worth a little more (if indeed they are of a higher quality to justify the higher cost), but the prices for the products that they do carry do seem to be higher than HT on comparable items.The staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful.  Whenever I asked questions of the staff, they were quick with a smile and some friendly assistance.  Good customer service goes a long way!  The prepared foods section is VAST.  There is a refrigerated section with foods portioned and ready to go (salads, wraps, soups, quiche) and there are also several food bars with salads, hot items and soups.  The dessert bar was beautiful (cupcakes, cakes, cookies, pies).  Nearby there was a large selection of sushi.  A deli section with noodles, prepared salads, veggies.  A gelato bar that looked incredible.  Pizza by the slice or entire pie (they also had take-and-bake pizzas in the refrigerated section).  And I believe there was a blended beverage bar as well. The salad bar had standard fare with a few upgrades.  The salad is $7.99/lb. and salad is surprisingly heavy.  For a small salad with a drizzle of dressing, plus a spoonful of potato salad, I paid almost $9.   A small cup of Smoky Bacon Tomato soup ($2.49) that was delicious.  I could not resist some sweets and got a piece of strawberry cake for $4.49.  YUMMY!  Soup and dessert were winners, salad was nothing special.  Thumbs up for the green packaging products/utensils and very well labeled recycling centers.  On the 2nd floor, there is more indoor seating as well as a very large outdoor patio with tables and cushy chairs. The 3rd floor contained another few tables and the classroom.  The classroom overall appeared very nice - pleasing colors, clean, shiny.  There are several cameras pointed at the cooking area and 2 flat-screen TV's for viewing what is going on.  I attended the Cheese Board class ($25).  We were each given a plate with slices of different kinds of cheese, plus a small plate with fruit spreads, pesto, and honey, along with a piece of paper with the names of the cheeses and room for notes.  The two instructors did a pretty good job explaining the different kinds of cheese, how they're made, etc.  I am guessing I don't have the refined palate needed to appreciate what was served.  The tastes for me ranged anywhere from 'meh, that's okay' to 'this tastes like soap'.  The others in the class seemed to enjoy them all, so I believe my lack of enthusiasm is just an indicator of my Kraft taste buds and not the quality of the cheeses.  Wine and beer was poured to test how the cheeses could be paired.  The fig and tart cherry spreads served were out of this world .  At the end you get to try the cheeses again, with different pairings, and ask questions.  Informative class, good instructors, I give the class-experience itself a solid B.My MAIN problem, which will keep me from signing up for actual cooking classes (which are $50+ per class) is the chairs are too damn close together.  You had best go with someone you love because you are going to be sandwiched right on top of them.  The chairs literally touch one another.  The woman sitting next to me pushed her hair behind her ear and her hair brushed my shoulder.  True story.  Unless you are buying me dinner and going home with me afterwards, you shouldn't be sitting that close to me.  If the seating area was more comfortable, I would go to several of the classes a month, but my anxiety over sharing oxygen with a stranger in such close proximity will cause me to look elsewhere for cooking classes.  Whole Foods was a neat experience... if I was a woman of leisure with money to burn, I could definitely fall in love with it.  But since I am a full-time working girl who has to keep the lights on, I will save Whole Foods as a once-in-a-while splurge and stick to hometown Harris Teeter for my day-to-day grocery needs.
3	Charlie Foxtrot... Love it, but apparently everyone else in town wants to check it out too. I think I'll stick to Teeter until the newness wears off. I love that you can get a glass of vino while you shop.
5	Had a bachelorette party for my sister and needed some items for catering purposes. Emailed with Amanda Halter, Catering Liaison about the items that I needed. The price was fitting for the items I got and they also delivered! Much to my surprise, Amanda threw in a beautiful bottle of pink champagne. It was so pretty that we decided to save it and it will be what the bride and groom toast with at the wedding. I really appreciate the great food and also the wonderful customer service! Thanks Amanda!
5	Is it really possible for a grocery store to elevate it's concept from routine drudgery into an experience nearing that of an edible theme park?  If local, organic, and/or artisanal food appeals to you, the answer approaches a definite, "Yes" at Charlotte's first Whole Foods.Highlights that support the above:-Produce section that is small but goes to great lengths to show consumers what is locally sourced and how nutritional different seasonal options are in terms of "ANDI score."-Nutritionist on hand to answer questions and offer recipes for those who have specific dietary needs or those doing vegan or vegetable cleanses.-A seafood and fresh meats counter that focuses on local and sustainable options on a level not found at other local stores.-A speciality cheese counter with employees who will offer samples and know-how to find just what you need.-A wine and beer bar that rivals other retail stores dedicated to only wine and cheese.  -A prepared food counter that includes salads, sushi, sandwiches and pizzas that are good for lunches and dinners on the go.-An outdoor patio to enjoy in-store made gelatos, sorbets and smmothies.  -An upstairs test kitchen great for teaching classes that are offered on a weekly basis for everything from soups to holiday dinner extravaganzas.Is it pricey?  Well it can be.  While there are some great deals offered at any one time, there are also some hefty prices to pay for the privilege.  The hot food and salad bars can get pricey quickly, for example.  However, there is something to be said for the cleanliness, organization, and presentation of the store.  It definitely feels "nicer" than other top end grocery stores in town.  Does that command a price premium?  That totally depends on your budget's elasticity.  If organic, sustainable, and local are important words to your personal food consumption, though, this store should definitely be on your radar.
3	This is just a review of the hot food bar / salad bar.It's very average for a new Whole Foods.  The selection doesn't seem to change much and most of the hot food options are kind of unhealthy.  I don't think I've seen chicken wings and ribs at other food bars at Whole Foods in other cities.  The one positive are the pizza deals.  You get two large slices for $5.At least the rest of the store is pretty nice and is as good as other Whole Foods in bigger cities.
3	Went today for the sole reason of eating lunch at the hot bar section with the wife and kids.  Honestly, it was just meh.  For $7.99/lb I think they could step up the food selection.  I had chicken wings which were just ok, nothing special and typical "bar" type wings which lacked any oomph.  The "black cherry" glaze were my favorite.  I dipped some Bleu Cheese off of the salad bar to complement the wings and it did anything but.  It was frankly, the worst Bleu Cheese I have ever tried.  It was watery and the bleu cheese crumbles looked like cheese curds and it was way too tangy for bleu cheese.  The cornbread stuffing was good, but just a tad dry and there was no gravy or anything to moisten it.Other things on the bar were OK, the pizza that my daughter had was pretty burnt on the bottom, but the mac and cheese and veggies were great.I like Whole Foods a lot for the grocery store...but the hot bar @ $7.99/lb I could spec $14.00 elsewhere for lunch and walk out completely satisfied.
3	WF's always seem to reflect the place where they are located. This CLT WF is very preppy. Even the alternative-looking staff here is far preppier than other locales. The patrons here are garbed in uber-professional attire or are homemakers towing young children. This WF is two floor and there is an underground parking garage. Is Charlotte really lacking for space? Ah well, make yourself feel urban if it suits you. The actual grocery here is the same great stuff you get at any other WF, except it probably has more beauty products than other WF (see first couple sentences of review). My only gripe (and it's very very mild) is that the layout is a bit perplexing and perhaps not as easy to navigate as other WF. It's probably a four-star place but I'm comparing to other WF overall across the country I've visited.
5	My husband and I based where we were going to live in Charlotte, on proximity to the Whole Foods.  Seriously. Well, kind of. After years of having multiple Whole Foods in Boston, and even one down the street from us in KANSAS (seriously, KANSAS got one before we did in CLT?) I'm pleasantly surprised to see how GORGEOUS this location is!  It's something crazy like 42-thousand square feet, and has more fun features than any WF I've been in. In addition to being bright and clean and spacious, here's a quick rundown of what you can get here: * huge hot bar and salad bar* soup bar and rotisserie chicken bar* extensive prepared food section* gelato bar* coffee/smoothie stand* cookies buffet* cooking school* stir fry bar* bakery* wine/cheese bar* sushi stand* electric car charging stations* VALET (what!?) in the garage...at least there was during the busy times. I really can't continue listing features, because it would take too long!  BOTTOM LINE: Go early in the morning or later at night.  (When I went the first few weeks was impossible to even get a parking space.) BOTTOM LINE 2: It's not Whole Paycheck if you shop smart.  I find the organics and many store brands cheaper or at least comparable to the other supermarkets in town.  Shop the sales and use their coupons and you CAN fit WF into your budget.
3	I like Whole Foods Market and was excited when this opened in Charlotte, but they really could have done a better job on this store. The parking is terrible. It is such a mess that it causes you to dread going there. What makes Whole Foods great, in my opinion, is the prepared foods and hot bar. This location is really lacking here. They have a whole island dedicated to birthday cakes (?) as well as a permanent trail mix bar (?). The upstairs wine bar makes up for a lot that is lacking downstairs though.
4	A prepared food counter that includes salads, sushi, sandwiches and pizzas that are good for lunches and dinners on the go.  So good!
5	Whole Foods has been the best grocery store experience in the south that I have had yet. I am a former Wegmans employee and started working for the company at 16, so I never realized what grocery stores were like outside of that and when I move to Charlotte, I was unpleasantly surprised. I really enjoyed everything about the store. My first trip there I probably spent over an hour and half walking around and seeing everything they had to offer. Prices are fairly reasonable for what you are getting and not that big of a jump in the total bill compared to a Food Lion, BI-LO, etc. Loved the wine/beer selection and the gourmet cheese ( ask the employees to taste something if you aren't confident you will like what you are thinking about purchasing). The employees were so incredibly friendly, that I spent 15 mins at the deli just chatting with the gentleman behind the counter. Lots of freshness, great customer service and options in product. I am glad Whole Foods has touched down in Charlotte.
4	Wow, I'm astonish that I have not yet wrote a review for Whole food. Silly Me! Well let's go straight to the point, shall we?  I like going to Whole Foods, since the Earth Fare near Southpark went rogue, such as poor quality of service and foods. And Whole Foods carries more variety of foods. And the have those foods bars too, so that's pretty awesome. Oooh and they gelato too! Don't forget about the gelato! So why didn't I give it a 5 stars, you ask? Well life isn't perfect. I gave it a 4 because their foods, sadly, doesn't taste good. Such as their pizza really need more seasoning and their foods bar isn't great either. In my opinion, I think they need a better chef. Overall, the prices are fairly decent. Great Staffs and pretty cool store layout. :)
4	It's pretty amazing in here! Strolled in one afternoon just to check it out and see what they really had to offer and I was not disappointed! Let's start with the fresh produce. Seriously, everything in here was beautiful! It looked fresh and very appetizing! I loved how they had plenty of prepared options at you could throw into any meal for a quick healthy dinner! I opted for some of the fresh squash and zucchini, and it was absolutely delicious!They also have plenty of healthy snacks and condiment selections, it's really great just browsing through and making your selections, if you have any questions all the staff that I encountered were very happy to help and offer their suggestions! Love that the staff here actually could offer personal tips and suggestions! I got a lot of great dinner ideas and this was my first visit! The meats and seafood here, looked wonderful, several creative options for you to chose from and if you're in the mood for something already prepared they have that too! Salads, wraps, rotisserie chicken, pizzas, and deviled eggs just to name a few!Trust me its definitely worth a visit here! Great people and just an overall great grocery store!
4	Now that the crazy new-ness has died down, I thought I might pop over to Whole Foods and see what all the fuss is about. Well, the craziness continues - it seems that everyone with a few bucks likes to shop here - I nearly got run down by a BMW X5 and then a Volvo XC90 while slipping my jalopy between a Mercedes convertible and another Beemer.Inside, the shopping carts were playing bumper cars (better inside than out, I suppose) through the aisles. I didn't spot many people who were filling them up. Perhaps the prices are still a bit too high?Everything looked super fresh, from the bright orange oranges to the bunker of fresh cheeses and the bakery areas with rugaleh, cookies and breads.We only bought a few special things like organic breakfast sausages and a pizza for dinner, but it was still a pleasant shopping experience.I'll be back right after I win the lottery!
3	Whole Foods Market is a great place if you are seeking a luxury market experience.I personally prefer true marketplace such as Atherton Market or other markets such as Fresh Market.  I feel Whole Foods is pretty expensive for what you get and I have been there twice for chili ingredients and they didn't have ground pork.  It was odd and I had to drive to Fresh Market from there.  We also had just picked up a ton of fruits and vegetables (shopping paleo) and found you can get 4 times the fruit for the price you pay at Whole Foods vs Costco.  There are niche items though and eat-in options giving it an excellent vibe!  The staff was extremely nice and the business is run very well from a staffing standpoint.  I have heard their cooking courses are great!
5	LOVE the wine loft. Get a rechargable card from the bartender, and head upstairs to get a glass of a wide variety of wines. Half off Tuesdays is an amazing deal. Wish there was a little more seating, but otherwise the atmosphere is wonderful and it's a great place to stop in and get a glass. Also love the salad bar and hot bar!
4	Ok people, this is one serious wholeFoods, in fact, the best I've been to(i've been to a lot in major cities). This whole foods has 3 floors, both the wine tasting area and the dining area have levels. The actual store only has 1 level but it is massive! The deli section is amazing, i just made the best sandwich ever at whole food. This whole foods also has much fresher warm food bar than the other whole foods i've been to. This place seems very well stocked, i checked out their fresh seafood and poultry section and they seem more extensive than other whole foods. Overall, this brand newWhole foods almost makes the hefty price worth it!
5	I eat breakfast here every day I'm home.  Although I miss the non-pork breakfast meats on the line (where did they go? It has been at least 2 months since I've seen turkey bacon or chicken sausage) I still get a consistent product.  The only thing that would make it better would be if they used NetNutrition like http://zoutrition.missouri.edu/Home.aspx and many other colleges.  Then patrons could quickly filter the line by allergens to know what they can eat.
4	This review is for the Salud Cooking School located on the 3rd floor inside Whole Foods Market. My wife & I signed up for the Tuscany themed class. Salud offers all kinds of cooking classes. Some are just demonstration, where you go & watch the chef prepare the food & then you get to eat it. Or you can do a hands on class, which is what we attended. Here, you get to jump right in & help prepare the food. The class consisted of 12 students, a few volunteers and the chef, oh, and plenty of wine!! We cooked some steaks, created a great lemon basil chicken dish, made pie dough for our berry tarts & also put together a handful of veggie pizzas. Of course after making the food, we all got to eat the food and it was delicious. As you may have guessed, everything we were eating was brought up from Whole Foods Market. We really had a great experience and got to take all the recipes home with us too. The cost is a little pricey ($130 for two) but it was worth it. Classes vary in price. We are looking forward to signing up for a few other classes in the future.
4	From the moment you drive up you know you are in for a treat, underground parking with brigtht lighting and spacious slots. Then the escalator area is just inviting with all the wood and if you ;look around, stone and water fall. Every effort to afford you a visual sensory experience has been taken, vegetables in every color so well arranged and organic! The Bulk foods area is well stocked and light up with reasonable priced goods. Everything is fresh looking and up to date, you can special order anything in any area, great selection of Seafood and Grain fed/organic meats most everything on display. A Cheese/Wine/bar you cansample before you buy as in the dessert/bakery to coffee counter that spans 100 feet at least with made to order food like sandwiches and pizza, crab-cakes to grilled Tofu and Gelatto in between.The staff is friendly, polite and willing to serve
4	Whole Foods - great place for organic food lovers!Place - nice and large for your organic food needs. It is not as big as the one I am used to in Houston. But, it is a decent size store for the Queen City. Loved how they personalized the store with Queen City designs everywhere, just love it!  I like how they have a wine loft area on the second floor for lounging and sipping. I like how there is a second level for extra seating area outside and inside. Selections - They have your fresh seafood, meat, produce, cheese, soaps/scent area, bakery, cafe, pizza, burrito, sushi, wine loft upstairs.. Was that enough? When I am too lazy to cook myself or husband some dinner/lunch, we would walk over to WF and grab some food at the hot meal area. I am a bit of a germaphobe girl, so I tend to grab the food, in the back of the bar. My go to food, hand pulled pork, seasoned kale, and wings. A bit of fruits here and there, and I am a happy camper.Service - I truly like the people here. The cashiers are always so friendly and nice!
3	More like Whole Paycheck. Jokes aside, I like the set up of the place. They also have an excellent hot bar. I'll only go here for some healthy snacks and hot food. Anything else, I will go to other places like Trader Joe's or Earth Fare (when they have decent sales) to save on money. Welcome to the Queen City, WFM! I know I'm late on the congrats....
4	Prior to NYC having any Whole Foods location I was OBSESSED with any location I happened upon. We have had WF for over a decade now in NYC but I still visit other locations with interest. This is one of the nicest I have been to probably in part because it is quite new. (having opened last September one of the employees told me) The outdoor seating area on the 2nd floor is nice. Clearly we are not in NYC as one of the deals in the prepared foods area was 4 for $4 where you could get 4 of the salads (healthy selections designations) for $4. The soup selection was pretty good the only thing I would say is the hot/cold prepared foods on the buffet were kind of so so.Lots of available parking downstairs.
4	I'm another huge fan of Whole Foods!  Having lived in Charlotte before they arrived, I eagerly awaited their opening.  Now, I frequent them on a weekly basis.  I'll start with the good - tons of local vendors frequently demonstrating and sampling their products, knowledgeable staff that guide you to exactly what you are looking for, huge bulk section (though a bit on the pricey side comparerd to Earth Fare), large prepared foods section (bakery, trail mix, salad bar, hot items, prepared case, food packaged to go), and a great patio to enjoy your meal.I have two major critiques.  The first is that the produce section is surprisingly small.  All of the other WFM that I have shopped at always have a very large selection of fruits and vegetables.  Here, though, nearly every visit I find myself missing a particular fruit or vegetable that I would expect them to have or being astounded by the price and limited selection.  Second, on several occassions I have found hot food bar to be filled with mostly empty trays.  I thought they rotated the different options, but it seems that regardless of which day that I visit it's nearly always the same.Despite a few grumbles, I still love Whole Foods.  If you're living nearby the South Park store and haven't stopped by for a shopping trip or bite to eat, you are missing out!
4	4.5 Stars WholeFoods Connoisseur Here-I've been shopping at Whole Foods for over 7 years home in Chicago (THEE BEST WF EVER) and once my husband decided that we would build a home here in Charlotte early 2012 I immediately went on-line to see if there was a WF and only to my DISMAY there was not one listed so I sent a message to corporate WF to find out if there was plans for one in Charlotte and to my surprise it was and it was almost open.. My HEART LITE UP, I was able to BREATHE AGAIN and MY LIFE WAS GOING TO GO ON ;-)I LOVE this WholeFoods mostly because I LOVE Whole Foods and because of the local products and last but not leastly The Wine Bar in house. I tend to shop on Tuesday because Tuesday is TWO DOLLAR Tuesday where you get a HUGE goblet of RED or glass of WHITE for $2 and you can sip and shop..This Whole Food introduced me to Brandy of Honey Butter Bakery. Her small round cakes are sold in the bakery section refrigerator. My husband fell in LOVE with her Sweet Potato Cheesecake and her Banana Cheesecake. He got to bad he would want to go look to see if there were stocked regularly. I found her website and ordered a cake for Thanksgiving and then again for my Home-Warming Party.The values of WholeFood carried over into this Chic location (up on a hill), I purchased a whole fish due to the demonstration guy recipe and the taste. I asked how long will this last and should I freeze it because my husband won't be home for 2days from business. I was told it's best fresh and it will last 3-5days in the refrigerator. I went back two days later because the smell was terrible (the fish rotted) and with no hesitation I was given a FRESH piece of FISH to use.VALUE is important in a supermarket, to VALUE your customer is to VALUE your business and this place does just that and I am very proud of them in this aspect ;-)The HOT bar isn't too Shabby either, I've seen better (Chicago & Bergen County New Jersey) but it's edible and clean which is a PLUS..
5	Great food bar and sandwich area... Probably not healthy but I swear I've never had store/bakery chocolate cake like theirs....It's DANGEROUS. I especially enjoy the area with dried fruits and nuts. I allows me to make my own trail mix.
4	Make no mistake, this is an incredible store.  It stocks food of the highest quality, and the freshness is apparent in the seafood and meats counters.  Their cheese selection is awesome.The store is also laid out very well, and it's apparent that they did their best to adhere to ecofriendly design.My only (grass fed organic) beef with this or any other whole foods is that I always wind up paying too much money there.  I don't always see it coming, because there are a lot of things there that are competitively priced.  The Whole Foods house brand products, for example, are usually excellent and reasonably priced.I think what usually happens is that I'll get a few higher-end product in my cart and that will just make the tab skyrocket.  Anyway, I guess that's on me.If you go to the hot food bar, be mindful of what you pile on, because that can get pricey real quick.  Since it goes by weight, load up on the premium vittles and leave the white rice behind.And when the heck are they going to open a store closer to uptown?  I don't like getting involved in all that South Charlotte stop and go traffic every time I need to make a Whole Foods run.Anyway, in the pantheon of Whole Foods stores, this is a good one.  The best Whole Foods I've ever been to is the one off of North Avenue in Chicago.  That place is incredible.  You can get a beer at the front and sip it while shopping, for goodness' sake.
4	Only place we could get special flour in mid-summer
5	Love is an understatement; I am OBSESSED with Whole Foods!  This place has everything for my grocery needs.  Their buffet-style food bar is so convenient whenever I'm in the mood for a quick eat but would rather not eat fast food.  Everything is so fresh and healthy which makes me come back for more.Their selection of wine and cheese is awesome.  The selection of seafood is also great and of highest quality.  Although I wish they had a closer location to uptown (or even University), I don't mind making the weekly trip to this place.  Don't come to Whole Foods thinking you're getting just one item - you'll leave with a bag (or two) full with delicious food to eat or prepare!
1	The parking, the crowds, the recalls, the hype I just don't get it! I would rather shop at Earth Fare and Trader Joes anyway!
5	Whole foods is my security blanket. It's in my neighborhood so if I need something quick I pop in. And I'm here constantly. To be honest, I'm here more than anyone. I pop in in the mornings for coffee daily. I come here to study. And more often than not I'm here for a quick coconut water, salad, smoothie, gelato, pizza, or even to try a new beer. I don't do the bulk of my groceries here, but if I want to enjoy some fresh fruit or if I want to grab an extra veggie for dinner that night, I quickly swing by for someone of their fresh produce. There's such a great selection of wine, beer, and dessert section too. Or if the wife and I are too lazy to cook, we'll swing by the hot food bar or get a couple slices of pizza.Everyone know what whole foods is about. This one happens to be pretty awesome just like the others.
4	Maybe it's my slight hispter-esque qualities that made me avoid this place for several months after it opened.  I suppose I thought it could not possibly be as cool as other health food stores.  However, I am forced to admit it - this place is seriously cool.Even I have to admit this is the best health food store in town.  The employees are more laid back than a lot of health food stores, and certainly a little less pretentious.  They have a decent selection of produce at surprisingly reasonably prices (on many things, but watch for really high prices on some items).  While their bulk food section is not as all-encompassing as Healthy Home Market's, they have a decent selection of beans, grains, nuts, and even a little salt bar.  They have a great selection of cheeses, meat, chocolate, wine, beer...many of the standard things they have in large health food stores, but even more selections than the typical ones (especially exotic chocolate - I swear they had one with chunks of beer jerky in it).  Additionally, they have an area to sip beer and wine, as well as a hot bar, salad bar, and cafe area.  This place is total awesomesauce!So, they have a parking lot out front which is not that big, but they have a parking deck in the back as well.  Luckily, they have one of those escalators big enough for carts, so it's no real problem getting to the additional parking area with a cart of food.I'd love to have one of these closer to me...hopefully they'll build one in Plaza Midwood one day?  That would be wicked awesome.
5	Yes, it's called Whole Paycheck. But if you've comparison shopped Whole Foods against Earth Fare versus Healthy Home Market, you'd realize you can save money.I'm here as much for myself as to take a friend with extensive food allergies shopping. Yes, this place will be more expensive than Harris Teeter, Kroger or other mass market grocery. However, if one of the few sources of dairy you can have is organic goat milk, then saving $1.50 on a quart is a big deal. What I most appreciate about Whole Foods is the service. Often I come here when hunting exotic ingredients for a new recipe I've found online. As such when I walk to the Customer Service desk and ask "Do you have..." or "Where is the..." with a lilt to my voice that clearly shows I have no idea what I'm looking for, the staff usually not only know exactly what it is, they cheerfully walk me over to where it is in the aisle and sometimes they offer their favorite way of cooking it.A little restraint is needed to keep from filling the container when roaming their tempting food bar for a takeout lunch from work or their cookie bar for a late afternoon snack. I wish more groceries had moving sidewalks because I think they're fun to ride down.
5	Really impressed with Whole Foods. Everything is expensive but worth it. I love the upstairs wine area. Very cool. I love the food bars, I love Prairie Bread. The service is always really good. No, this is not my usual grocery store but for what they offer, they are excellent. I go when I have a specific need.
4	Great food but pricey.   I have been to several whole foods and I have always been impressed by the quality and diversity of there selections.   They offer a much greater selection than the standard name brands.The prepare food section is where the money is at.  That and the fresh fish sections.    Great place however, I always end up spending more money at the store than I wanted too.   If you go here, split up your shopping with another store that carries the same items.
4	Setting the standard for consistently fresh, organic food and the best customer service in Charlotte.  And yes, I am including our old "go to" store, Harris-Teeter Morrocroft in this comparison.  Whole foods is now our number one store for produce, meat, fish, iced latte, and pizza by the slice.  Who would have thought a chain grocer known mostly for high prices would wrest the crown from a legendary local institution like HT?  When they first opened we were like "meh" but WF has stepped up their game to a very high level.  The freshest produce in town, the best selection of meat and Scott is one of the most knowledgeable butchers we have encountered.  Seafood is fresh, clean and plentiful with some selections I've never even heard of.  The cafe does such a great job with their hand-tossed, fresh ingredient, store made pizzas that they rival most and top many of the local pizzerias. They make a great iced latte and a shot of wheatgrass juice is only $2.  We love all the staff and they are so much fun to talk to.  Do yourself a favor and check them out, but do me a favor and don't go when I'm there, they are crowded enough already.
4	What's not to love about this place?  Ok, there is one thing and that is don't come here looking for basement bargain style pricing and be prepared to see items you're not going to see at most chain grocery stores.  They have the best olive selection I've ever seen and the beer selection here is nothing to balk at either.  We don't shop here for the everyday items like you would at HT or Target but coming here normally means we want something special.They have a buffet full of great looking food that tempts me every time I'm in there but I've yet to try anything.  It does look delicious though.  And the little bar towards the back is a nice spot to have a cool beer or wine and bonus, they serve food there!Parking can be tricky so have a little patience.
4	When some people compare how awesome a city is, they would usually use its skyline for reference.  For me, I would have to use how awesome a cities Whole Foods is.  One of my sisters lives in Charlotte, and believe it or not, I like taking her son out and we go milf hunting at the mall and yup, you guessed it, Whole Foods.Right across the street from South Park Mall, this place is hard to miss.  Let me rephrase that- it is hard to miss visually, but getting there can be a pain.  Yes, it sits on a busy corner.  And yes, it is right next to some construction.  And yes, the parking is kind of annoying.  There is a parking deck underground (don't worry, there are elevators for the carts), and parking up top- but I found the spots up top to be narrow (and please don't question my parking ability, it is second to none).Upon entering the building from below, you notice two long motorized walkways that bring you up (if you decided against the elevator)- as you go up, they have a cool fountain/garden thingy advertising the location (a first I have seen at WF)- there are plenty of pics posted to explain better than the way I just did.I noticed too, this place is a decent size- one of the bigger ones I have been in.  Also, the eye candy was phenomenal- I must have ran into 5 shelves just oogling.  Another standout feature of this WF was the back right corner.  It had a cheese and wine tasting area in the back, and a second level where apparently they have all sorts of things that go on here, I think even including live music!  I mean, remember people, I am only talking about a market!The hot food area looked vast too, and had a nice beer selection- enough of one for me to pick some shtuff out.I tell you what, other than the dirty looks and the crap parking, this is definitely (to me) one of the better WF I have been in, and this is the stuff my sorry self lives for!
4	I don't care what anyone says.....As someone who views her food as health insurance, $3 for a perfect bunch of organic rainbow chard is a no brainer.I only buy produce, bulk foods, meats, hand made soaps, and some bakery items from Whole Foods.  I never buy packaged, commercial, convenience food.  Honestly, I cannot see what all the fuss about "whole paycheck" is for. Compared to other health food stores, or purchasing organic produce from Harris Teeter, Earth Fare or such, it is nearly identical in price. Now, if you're comparing shopping at Whole Foods to Food Lion........don't. We shouldn't even be talking then.For experience, quality of purchases, and pleasant dining areas, 4 stars.
3	There is no argument that this store is impressive. It's outright gigantic, in fact. They even have classes, for crying out loud (some of which are complimentary!).What I don't particularly care for is that they are a bit of a pain to get to - but what can you expect if you're used to seeing a Food Lion or Harris Teeter on nearly every corner? I wouldn't expect a Whole Foods each block, though it would make it much more convenient.As to the selection? Definitely worthwhile, but in some cases it is so overwhelming. I mean how many choices do you need?Staff is friendly and all, but they are definitely priced for it to boot. And the parking lot needs to be a lot bigger most times. There seems to be no down time here. They might need to hire the folks building the decks at Charlotte-Douglas when they are done in order to get some extra room.
4	So great in many ways. Beautiful store, nice employees, delicious prepared foods.I wish more produce was local. Regarding desserts, little cupcakes and tarts are excellent. You can really taste the lemon and lime... But apple pie and hazelnut theatre cakes just tasted sweet.. Too much sugar, not enough other flavor. Same with gelatos and even generic cereals. So glad we have this mainly wonderful store.
5	I continue to be a Whole Foods fan. I am uploading a photo of the olive bar taken from the wine loft. I'm not really an olive fan but from above, the olive bar is actually very beautiful. The employees certainly attend to detail.
5	As good as it gets when it comes to grocery shopping. I hate grocery shopping, so I love that this market makes the experience less tedious and more of a luxury. The prices aren't completely off what you would pay at Harris Teeter and you get much better quality and service. The only problem with this store is that much like Trader Joe's it seems to cause me to buy things I didn't have on my list...  especially wine...I hear they host cooking classes.. so I am totally going to look into that too.
4	Usually not too crowded even on weekends. Great service. Better selection of healthier food. More expensive. So...what else do you need to know?
4	My friend calls this place 'Whole Paycheck" instead of Whole Foods - it's pretty true!  Items are a bit pricier than Super Walmart.  They have a wide selection though so if you are looking for creme fraiche or other difficult to find items you may find them here!  They have most of your grocery store items and then some.There is a parking garage under the store with a cool escalator.  The down escalator is fun because it is made flat for carts and there is a little hill so you get a 'WEEE" moment!  Haha!  So fun!They have a cool small bar with taps and daily wine specials.  They even have charcuterie plates you can order for your next party.Definitely a higher class place to shop - we love it even if we don't get down this way much.
4	Nice selection of vegan foods and love their wine bar!
4	Nothing stood out or amazed me like the other health food stores I have been to in Charlotte. Trader Joe's and Healthy Home Market after still at the top of my favorites list. Any how, I did find some exotic fruit there, and some exotic vegetables! Nice layout, friendly staff, awesome atmosphere.
4	The whole place stand out on organic food. I love the ready food section. Ice cream and cupcake are irresistible
3	Wow.... I support the organic movement, but I haven't seen prices like this before!Whole Foods had a huge selection, but products were placed in strange orders (ie. all the expensive, organic, foreign-grown sweet potatoes were displayed together ...and the cheaper, NC-grown sweet potatoes were hidden in a different section).  It was overwhelming trying to find items and compare prices in-store.Whole Foods is a beautiful grocery, but it demands too much of my wallet.  I'm very glad to see that Aldi keeps increasing their organic offerings!
4	4 stars on good quality produce, seafood, meat & prepared foods but the great exemplary service they opened with no longer exists. Those workers have attitudes & don't want to be bothered. I guess the newness wore off for them.  I love the fresh fruit, veggies & seafood. The prepared hot bar & salad bar never disappoint. Perhaps the management will do something to improve employee morale because as of today 3/14/14, those employees are unhappy and that negative vibe is passed right along to the customers :(Also the parking & location of this store is horrible.
3	I go here when I want a quick sushi fix for lunch. Harris Teeter's sushi doesnt taste good anymore once you try Whole Foods! Everything else there is overprice.
3	Pretty great place - the food on the go sections is simple and accommodating. The self serve area always clean, foods are hot and covered, the refrigerated things are well labeled and have basic instructions on the back if you need to prepare it at home. Worst parts about this place: The parking lot sucks. And...The big boxed wine (5L) is ridiculously over priced; however they do have juice box (tetra) style size wine boxes for something like a single serving.Best tip about this place: There is upstairs seating as well as cooking classes & wine tasting available.
4	I love Whole Foods and I've been to many of them around the US.  While the Charlotte market lacks on hard to find food items I can get at other Whole Foods, they make up for it with their Wine Loft and cooking classes.The Wine Loft hangs over the top of the store.  You can purchase a bottle of wine and have them open it, or purchase a card and try different sizes of the wines they have on tap.  They can also make you a cheese plate from the cheeses in the cheese shop.  At the price of the wine and cheese, this is a great deal for a night out.   They also have several cooking classes, both demonstrations and hands-on, offered each month.  I've attended a couple and you get to sample everything you make so the cost isn't very much when you consider you are eating a full meal.
5	This place a gem it is a located in south park a new and beautiful area with so much right at your finger tips.  This whole foods is truly awesome.  I had almond latte that was just yummy.  A perfect blend of the almond flavor and coffee and the 16oz was only 4 bucks much cheaper and better than Starbucks!  We sat up stairs on the outdoor deck talk about awesome!  Nice deck furniture and just a nice peaceful time to enjoy coffee.I also came back and had the Nutty Monkey smoothie which tasted amazing.  So nice not to have an over sugared fake smoothie and at a place where its all syrup.  I would recommend you go there over any Jumba juice or any other similar place.
5	Love love love love love. Everyone here seems to be experts at their jobs. They know everything about everything. And if they don't know. They're quick to find out. The company is amazing and does such great things for their community and staff. They even offer cooking classes!!! I also found out that when their food reaches the day they suggest to sell it by, they donate it! Someone is getting very lucky getting high quality healthy food! I would absolutely recommend anyone shop here. It's a little pricy. But you're paying for quality. Yes yes yes.
4	This Whole Foods is gigantic compared to the ones I'm used to in DC! With so much space though they are missing some of my favorite things from the smaller DC spaces, what gives?The hot bar looks amazing here, so many choices! The gelato counter I could live without since I bought some and it ended up being much too sweet for my taste buds. Why go to Whole Foods instead of Earth Fare or Trader Joes some people may ask? It's all about the selection! You want some quinoa? They got like 10 different heirloom varieties. Bam mothafucka!The prices are reasonable and the selection is nice if a bit too southern focused. Also the two times I have been here they have run out of whole milk which is kind of odd. I'll be back though, cause kale salads are like crack, delicious and slimming.
5	Grab a meal at the prepared foods area and head to the upstairs outdoor seating.  Another great Whole Foods location with a variety of vegan and vegetarian options.  Parking underneath of the store.  Friendly staff.
4	This is a wonderful addition to the Charlotte area. Staff is super nice. Pricing however, is off the charts. I live in California and groceries are cheaper where I live. Other than that, its an amazing store and I'm so glad its there.
2	Ok maybe I've got a totally different perspective on this chain. But I've been to many around the country and this one is terrible in comparison. Granted I've been in this store only one time, but that was all I needed. I used to go to Whole Food when I lived out West for the amazing Produce they are known for. So when I came to this store my lips were salivating in anticipation of a great produce section. WELL.....NOT! I was shocked at how small and limited this store was. They didn't even carry cabbage! I asked the produce person and he said they usually carry one kind (red) but were out. I said ONE KIND? He said there wasn't that much of a demand for it. HUH? They carry 55 varieties of Vegan Tofu but only ONE type of cabbage? You've got to be joking!Ok then I was off to find some frozen breakfast sausage for those rare times I wish to clog my arteries. Again this store had like 100 varities of the Vegan stuff, which is just fine. But where's the REAL STUFF AT PEOPLE???I'm sorry but this store is NOTHING like the Whole Foods I'm used to. Call me a snob but I know what this store is SUPPOSED to be like. And it's NOT this!
5	There are so many great things to say about Whole Foods, but most of the other reviewers have done so already.  The food is great.  My husband and I love to come for dinner--the hot and salad bar, sandwich station, pizza area, gelato are all exceptional.  The bar area is nice, with a decent but small selection of local beers and wines.  The staff are super friendly.  Yes, prices are high for groceries, but isn't that kind of to be expected at WF?  I would never do all my shopping here, but for small or specialty items, you can't beat it.
5	The wife and I really love this place. We were both very happy when Whole Foods finally opened and have been going there regularly ever since. We both find that they have distinct products that cannot be found at any other store in Charlotte. They also play up the organic products a lot, if that's important to you. They have a great selection of fruits and vegetables, as well as seafood and meats.I think that my favorite area is the cheese section due to the overall selection and the fact that they offer samples of pretty much anything for you to try before buying. Oh and they serve beer and wine right next to the cheese counter that they also allow you to walk around with and shop while you imbibe. They also have an in house cafeteria area for a variety of ready to eat meals to go. The staff is always energetic and upbeat. The one knock is the parking lot which can be a nightmare at peak hours, especially with all the people who have trouble parking their big SUVs. Even with the parking situation, it won't be keeping us away.
3	Hot food bar is not the freshest, but better than McDonald's!
5	This review is solely for the Salud! cooking class offered by Whole Foods. I didn't even know Whole Foods offered cooking classes until I did a random google search for cooking classes in the area.I signed up for the Summer Tapas class that took place last month and was so pleasantly surprised! On the website, you get the choice to sign up for hands-on or demo classes. The tapas class was 'hands on.' The cooking school is located on the third floor of Whole foods and offers a state-of-the line kitchen (but is that really a surprise?). I was a part of a class of about 10 or 12 that was broken into two groups. The menu is explained beforehand and there are kitchen volunteers on hand to also assist with prep and service!We were offered a glass of delicious sangria and a Spanish appetizer while waiting for the class to begin. You definitely have the opportunity to sip and cook throughout the class time. Also, you get the chance to have a full meal by getting eat to everything that's cooked throughout the evening.The chef Michael was great! Friendly, patient, and extremely knowledgeable. If you're looking for something to do with girlfriends/spouse or partner/or even by yourself, I highly suggest taking part in a cooking class.
2	I'm NOT all that impressed with WFM...esp with other healthy food grocery stores in close vicinity! It should be called Whole Paycheck Market...quite pricey esp for retirees! I bought 2 good-sized salmon steaks, took them home, and planned a dinner with a friend for them...special Asian marinade, too. When I fixed the marinade and put them in it 2 hour before dinner I went to score the skin so the marinade could soak into the meat and found there were still scales on the salmon! WFM does NOT scale their fish unless you ask...something I'd appreciate knowing prior to putting fish in the marinade! I DID take the fish back. I WISH they'd just put a sign up in the seafood market. $11./per pound for cookies...insane and they are open-air racks, which I spied some patrons eating directing out of using their fingers! ONE +...their holistic meds/make-up/remedy section is nicely stocked...even with some of the blue bottles w/droppers for essential oils and such! I may return for more of those. The 2 oils I wanted...both out of stock. So i won't be a frequent flyer @ WFM...I doubt they'll miss an older hippie chick. There'll be plenty of Millenials who don't mind their high prices.
2	Really disappointing, actually. Well stocked in the non-food items, but the "fresh" produce is not very fresh. Rubbery carrots and celery. The prepared foods hot bar is full of fried chicken and mac and cheese. No quinoa on the salad bar. Who doesn't have quinoa on the salad bar?! They don't sell pretzel buns, and when we asked at the bakery, they said we could "try to ask at the sandwich counter to see IF they would sell us some." I know I am spoiled coming from Chicago with one of the flagship stores on North Avenue, but I expect a certain standard from Whole Foods, and this store consistently disappoints me. The store is small, and the selections are very limited.
1	So about 2 weeks ago I started shopping here. Really wanted to start buying the healthiest food for my family. The first time, I had a small order of about 20 dollars. After I left I thought that I was not given the sale price of something. But since it was only a dollar difference I just ignored. The 2nd time I went I had another small order. I had stocked up on some oatmeal that was on sale. After I left I realized I did not get the sale price. This time I was a little more frustrated as the only reason I went that day was to stock up on oatmeal at the sale price. I went to customer service a few days later and they paid me the difference. The 3rd was my big shop for the week. I was careful to catch sales and use coupons. I expected my order to be around 70-80 but it rang up as 95. It was Saturday and busy so I just paid and left. That night I calculated my bill my self and realized they overcharged me by $20! I looked closely and the 10 dollars worth of coupons they had actually added to my bill! I wasn't thrilled especially b/c I was on a strict allowance for groceries and this weeks pantry was a little more bare than usual b/c of this. Today I drove to Whole Foods again to have my bill corrected. Even though I was furious I planned to still pick up a few things while I was there as well. I went to c/s and told them what happen. I told her I was overcharged by $20 and that it looked like the coupons were added to my bill instead of removed. She looked and quickly started to process. Except she only handed me half of what I was due. I had to explain to her that that only covers what I was charged and does not cover what you should have taken off. While I know it was not her fault, I was so unbelievably irritated that I had to constantly check my receipts and tell the associates what I was overcharged and how much I was owed. I will usually give a company quite a few tries realizing that it's sometimes a once in a blue moon issues. But I just can't go back. I'm not rich enough to be able to afford being overcharged constantly. If you do show here be sure to check your receipts for coupons not taken off and sales prices not honored. I wouldn't be surprised if this happens quite often but no one is checking their receipts. Thankfully Earthfare is very close by and will be heading by tomorrow.
4	Typical Whole Foods- Clean, Great food to go, healthy choices. This particular car has lots of areas for eating-outside, inside and upstairs.
4	Ok...it drives me NUTS when I see reviews that say Whole Foods is too expensive! Either pay a couple extra dollars to fuel your body with the RIGHT FOOD or pay hundreds - thousands of dollars more later when your health sucks and your body is lethargic from processed crap! Seriously!!!! On to the store...this store is on the larger side of some of the Whole Foods and is kept very nice and clean. Plenty of staff to help you if you need it. Tons of good food to choose from. If you're in a hurry and need a quick salad for lunch,  hit up the giant veggie and fruit bar or grab a quick pre-made salad or dinner from the refrigerators across the aisle. There is a coffee bar and wine bar as well if you need a pick me up or a chill out moment! ;) It just doesn't get better than that! There's a small parking lot in front and a large parking garage in back with escalator and moving cart ramp so you don't have to struggle.
1	Was very excited when Whole Foods had finally arrived in Charlotte... Yet this particular WF is terrible!! 90% of the produce dept. comes from California? I am sure it was very fresh and ripe when it left for the long trek across the US. It's very disappointing more items are not locally sourced!!  No fresh juice bar? Meat dept is tiny and the only way to get fresh chicken is to purchase it in shrink wrap! Sure meat sold in shrink wrap is healthy!! Look to the Chandler, Arizona for a better WF. The one in small town Greenville, SC is better than this one!
5	My family and I really love Whole Foods, based off of our experiences so far with the time we've been shopping here.  They have a wide selection of dry goods for any dietary restrictions and/or wants.  The store is very clean, bright and refreshing, even my kids that really don't like to go food shopping like walking around in here, that says a lot.What I like most about the store is that you don't have to walk around frustrated looking for a healthy snack or food item because the options are endless.  The problem more is since they are all good which one to pick, that is a good problem to have.I have not tried anything in their produce section yet, that is on my list to dos.Yes, they can be pricey, but just like any other supermarket you have to do your due diligence and shop around and see what makes sense or what's worth buying.
4	First, I highly recommend not wasting your time trying to find a spot in the tiny above ground parking lot.  Just head down into the parking garage.  That being said, if you like Whole Foods or have wanted to visit one, this has exactly what you're looking for in a Whole Foods, plus a build your own trail mix, and gelato counter, which the last two Whole Foods I went to didn't have, on top the other delicious food ready to take or sit down at the store and eat.  Parking was a bit hectic, I didn't see any prepackaged meat (only the meat counter) though.
4	It's a Whole Foods, what else's is there to say.  The employees obviously enjoy their jobs and are friendly and knowledgable.  The parking lot is a bit of a nightmare especially in the evening.  Around that same time upon walking in you might feel as if you've stumbled upon a double booking of a Hipsters and Yuppie convention.
