3	This place was an everyday, average restaurant. They only serve breakfast and lunch here, so i dropped in at 2:00pm to grab some lunch.The outside is unappealing right now. They have not yet put up a sign, and still have the classic "NOW OPEN" sign still dangling right above the door. The inside is extremely clean, open, and has a nice comforting appeal. We were handed menus by our server without any introduction, and we ordered some drinks. When I ordered my coffee I didn't receive any sort of creamer, maybe they figured I was that sort of manly man who takes his coffee black, but I'm guessing that wasn't the case. I ordered the "3 Sliders" which were all the topped with goat cheese and sauteed onions. Each patty is 2oz and they were cooked well. I could have done without so much goat cheese. After the first slider having all that heavy cheese, you are almost dreading the next 2. It would have been nice to either get a variety of sliders, or have something added to those sliders to make them more unique and more appetizing. In the middle of our lunch, I was told they were closed. I guess they closed at 2:30, but online it says 3pm. We were rushed out of the restaurant, maybe it was because of the inexperience of the server, or because we were the only table there. Either way, it wasn't enjoyable to be rushed out of a lunch. The place is clean, and has an inviting atmosphere, but they definitely need a little bit of work, especially when they are going against places like DW Bistro that is 5 mins away.
3	3 1/2 stars.  5 of us went over for breakfast; we were tempted by a coupon we received in the mail.  Cute place.  Clean and new; about 15 tables.  It was an intimate experience, indeed.  There were only two employees; the server, and the cook, and we were the only guests.  We had an omelette, a waffle, biscuits and gravy, blintzes and a 2 egg breakfast.  The food took a little while since there was only 1 guy cooking it and since it was all made fresh.  Everyone was very pleased with their food.  Absolutely no complaints.  Delicious gravy, eggs cooked perfectly, delightful ingredients in the omelette, etc.  In addition, they have an espresso machine and offer flavored lattes - this pleases me immensely.  The prices were definitely right - all the meals were around $6 - $7.  We got one freebie with our coupon so we wound up with a bill for $37 for 4 coffees, a latte and 4 breakfasts.  Not bad at all!I would definitely pop back in for a fresh, tasty, and quiet breakfast.
3	Today I gave B 2B a try after a late morning work out.  Surprised they don't have a sign yet given the apparent money spent building out the kitchen  - all new with dominating stainless steel equipment.  the space reminds me of Mr. Mama, Eggs Cafe, norm's cafe, etc.  - relatively small dining room serving breakfast and lunch.one other table occupied when i walked in around 10:30.  Straight forward menu - prices seem very reasonable.  I opt for the basic 2 egg breakfast with sausage - $5.50 ( pic attached )   since the place is called Biscuits 2 Burgers i figure i should try the biscuit so i ask for one with the meal.   The server asked if i wanted 2, if so, it's $2 more.  I ask,"  does the meal come with toast ?"  answer: you can also get toast with the biscuit.  I simply want a biscuit instead of toast.  "Ok"Food took a while which surprised me since only one other table.  Even with one cook, how long does it take to warm up some sausage, fry up 2 eggs and potatoes and put a biscuit on a plate ?  Based on what i received, I'm guessing the delay was due to the potatoes - my guess they were cooked up fresh - if busier, they need to cut corners on the food prep - this can occur without sacrificing quality ( and yes, I've worked as a cook and I've owned a bar/grill so i know a few things ...emphasis on few ! ) The food was decent, somewhat unremarkable but i didn't have high expectations except when it came to the biscuit.  I figure a place called biscuit 2 burger will pride itself on their biscuits.  The biscuit was underwhelming - bummer !Surprised to see a surcharge of .50 on my bill that can only be attributable to the biscuit.  I figure it's unlikely i'm returning to this place so i opted not to debate the surcharge.
5	I stopped in this morning, to find one of the absolute best bowls of homemade oatmeal & lemon poppy seed muffins (short of Mom's) that i've ever had! Joe the owner was very polite and friendly, as was my waiter. I will definitely be stopping back in to try more of Joe's good homemade cooking!
3	First visit on a sunday afternoon the place was almost empty don't know if this was timing or what but either way we were told to sit wherever.  Very cute place in a strip mall and there is  signage on the building but we still drove by it. The wait staff was attentive and got our drink order quickly.  Ordered an ice coffee, too sweet and the server was happy to try again but sadly the sweetness wasnt the problem. The coffee was horrible sorry but it was. I ordered the challah french toast which was good it came with warm syrup. The husband got the Hawaiian burger which was ok but lacked flavor even with the teriyaki sauce and canned pineapple makes me wonder how much of their stuff is fresh and what is being prepped and made fresh and what's coming out of a can or bottle.  The chef did come out and check on things which I thought was nice. Not sure yet if its a place I would recommend maybe another visit will sway me.
4	So far so good. Nice people and the Chef came out and spoke with us and made sure we liked our food. I will be back for Date Night!
5	My husband and I were looking for a late breakfast/early lunch spot and I remembered this opened by our house. I had their breakfast special, croissant sandwich with egg and bacon accompanied by seasoned potatoes. It was delicious! The croissant was big and toasted perfectly and the potatoes were fresh and seasoned just right, not too salty and not greasy. My husband got the New York burger which he said was very good. The party was huge and moist and the veggies were very fresh. He got skinny fries with it and those were cooked just right. Overall, we had a great experience. Our waitress was very nice and kept checking on us-she even offered us some pastries as we waited for our food. The chef/owner came to our table as well to see how everything was, which was very nice of him to do. We will definitely be coming back! Oh, they do close at 2:30 but have a Friday dinner event from 5-8:30.
5	Sat down and the first thing I noticed was how good everything smelled.  Ordered a fresh squeezed orange juice, and also ordered a water, since I'm used to tiny little shot glasses of orange juice at other places.  Instead I got a huge (20+oz?) glass of delicious orange juice squeezed right in front of my by a futuristic robotic juicer.Things only got better after that.  I got the build your own omelette with bacon avocado and pepper jack.  This may be the best omelette I've ever tasted.  The eggs were incredibly fluffy, and the inside was stuffed FULL of ripe delicious avocado.  I also tried a side of the southern style biscuits - crispy but dense, and delicious with honey.This is the type of place where the ingredients are fresh and the food is clearly a labor of love.  It's so refreshing to visit a restaurant driven by passion rather than purely profit motive.  Biscuits 2 Burgers is definitely going to find it's way into my lunch rotation.
5	We went to Biscuits 2 Burgers today around 1:30 and were happily surprised.  Since it was a small restaurant in an inconspicuous area with a simple, vinyl sign, I did not expect too much.  However, I was immediately impressed when we walked in.  The clean, modern decor and fresh flowers on every table created an inviting ambiance that was accentuated even more by the friendly demeanor of our server.  After ordering, we were offered a fresh pastry while we waited for our food.  While we declined, it was still an appreciated gesture.  My boyfriend ordered the California Burger (avocado, tomato and cheddar on an 8 oz angus beef patty) and I ordered the City Sliders (goat cheese and caramelized onions on three 2 oz angus beef patties).  The food was simple, fresh and delicious.  My only criticism would be about the fries.  They were good, but they were obviously from the freezer, so they were nothing special.  We finished off the meal with a complimentary flan (which our server brought out since it was our first time eating there).  Overall a great experience, and we will be back to try the breakfast at some point soon.  The best part?  For an awesome meal with two entrees and one drink, our bill was only 16 and change.  Wow.  Come and try Biscuits 2 Burgers, and hopefully it will stay around for a while.
5	Great food.  Love the biscuit of the day!
5	Biscuits 2 Burgers is a great new breakfast/lunch spot.  They serve breakfast until they close at 3pm, and I like having breakfast for lunch.  They feature a different homemade biscuit everyday and we had cheddar biscuits the day we went.  I had the biscuit sliders with sausage and scrambled eggs and they were delicious.  It comes with a very generous side of hash browns which I couldn't even finish.  Another person at our table had the NY burger and loved it, so I may have to try that next time.  Prices were really reasonable and the service was good.  The owner/chef even came over and spoke with us for a few minutes, which was a nice touch.
5	Went there for late breakfast with some of my girlfriends. I really liked it. The service was very attentive, cappuccino tasted great, freshly squeezed OJ was amazing and food was also on the same high level as everything else. At the end of our meal, the chef stopped by and made sure everything was as we wanted and gave us complimentary little cupcakes that were tasty and adorable looking.Even though I live in Henderson, I will come back there for sure :)
4	Food was good, friendly & quick service. Prices are very reasonable & the freshly squeezed orange juice was great. Will definitely go back soon.
5	GREAT PLACE! This place deserves good business! They are still new and working out some kinks, but the food and atmosphere are great! The owner/chef came and chatted with us, after giving us 2 coupons for 2 for 1 breakfast. I love that you can see the whole kitchen so you know what's going in your food. Great fresh food!
5	The quality of food you get here is amazing and the price is SUPER cheap. I am talking $6.50 for the BEST BISCUITS AND GRAVY I HAVE EVER HAD! It was all caps worthy, if you haven't been here yet...you need to go!!!!
5	Home made biscuits, enough said! Seriously very good food. great service. our service was quite attentive. She was great in explaining everything to us. She was delightful. The food was great. I had a wonderful fluffy omelet. It was cooked perfectly. The potatoes  crispy which is how I prefer them. The biscuit was so fresh and full of flavor and flaky tenderness.My husband love his biscuits and gravy.We also shared a cheese Danish that was so light and moist. The cheese center was chilled which is how it should be. We are fans and will be back!
5	This place is amazing love it !! The food is always fresh . The staff is friendly worth the money every cent .
4	This place is delicious. Service is great, super clean, relaxed atmosphere. Food is amazing and the prices are unbelievably affordable. Great for families!!!
4	I stopped here for breakfast yesterday morning partway through my Sunday morning bike ride.  I was here just before 8 AM and they weren't yet open.  Promptly at 8, the door opened and I was shown in.  I was told to sit anywhere.  The first thing I noticed was what a nicely decorated restaurant it was.  It was a sushi restaurant that closed which explains the large amount of bar seating and the food prep going on behind the counter.I ordered the special of the day which was a breakfast croissant with 2 eggs cooked the way you want, two sausages or two slices of bacon--your choice--and your choice of cheese.  It also came with breakfast potatoes they called hash browns.  They're really not hash browns but they were very good potatoes.Everything was very good.  My coffee was refilled quickly.  Angel, the server, was very pleasant!  I asked her about the Date Nights they're having and she explained and gave me a copy of the menu from their first anniversary Date Night dinner.  Normal date night dinners are $16.95 and you can call to get information about the menu and pricing.  Angel brought a case with pastries--doughnuts, cupcakes, etc--and at first I thought she was offering a complimentary one.  When she told me the price, I then knew they weren't freebies.  It wasn't something I wanted with breakfast and since I was riding my bike, I didn't want to take any along to get damaged as I rode along.I'll come back here because I do have to try something with a biscuit.
5	Why didnt we come here sooner!? Great decor, clean, friendly, great food. Could use more  kids food choices and kid-friendly cups. We'll be back very soon!
5	So glad we finally tried this place. The food was great! I had the breakfast special-croissant sandwich-and it was so yummy. Kid-friendly. My daughter loved the fresh OJ. Staff was super sweet and took great care of us.Reasonable prices.We will definitely be back!
5	Another outstanding brunch at this hidden gem. Amazing whole wheat waffle, perfect hash browns and tasty sausage and bacon.  You have to check it out and Chef Joe is super friendly as are the entire staff.Just listening to Chef Joe's Creature feature  menu for the October 25th date night. I wish we were going to be in Las Vegas that night, if you are, you should call now for reservations. It will be a Spooktacular evening - costumes are encouraged.
2	It was just ok. The wait staff tried extremely hard to please. The food presentation was good but the taste was just alright. Maybe it will get better based on reviews?
2	Sadly I must say the food is not as good as it used to be and service is lacking. Bacon was cool and undercooked, potatoes were dry and over cooked. We had come here before and food was excellent however this time was a completely opposite experience. A note on the service... I spilled a glass of water before we rec'd our food and the entire spilled mess remained on our table for the entire meal!!
2	This is my second visit here. First time food was soo good. Ordered the breakfast biscuits with turkey bacon and all was fully cooked & biscuits were fresh.  This time, ehhh food was ok.  Ordered the cheese omelette with turkey bacon. Omelette was very good but turkey bacon was not cooked all the way, some parts were still cold, breakfast potatoes were old and hard. Then my glass of water spilled accidentally on the table & all we got were paper napkins to clean the water mess. The girl meant well by bringing us napkins but didn't clean the table until we were ready to leave.  sat with a table spilled with water dripping to the floor. The place was not busy just 2 other tables were occupied. Don't think I'll be coming back.
5	Literally eating the breakfast now that I just ordered 20 minutes ago. The chef does a great job. Very reasonable pricing and everything is made from scratch. I'm eating the breakfast sliders with pepper jack and sausage and potatoes covered in gravy. I highly recommend for $6.75. And the fresh squeezed oj though simple is delicious. Chef found out I had a kid at the house and threw in a free doughnut with sprinkles. Very nice guy. More people need to go here so we can keep local gems like this one around!!!
1	I was very encouraged to try this place out after reading some previous reviews. I went there with my girlfriend in hopes of uncovering a good local breakfast spot. We ended up ordering the biscuit sliders and the Taylor ham egg sandwich. You build your biscuit sandwich so I asked if I could mix and match. The waitress said I could, so I got one with bacon and cheddar and one with sausage and pepper jack. I got an immediate "wow, so your going to be difficult"...which I was trying to avoid by asking for permission. I don't know if set off the staff by such a rediculous request, but it took us about an hour to get our food. Another couple came in 30 minutes after us and they got their food at the same time we did. We were sitting at the bar watching the chef frantically cooking the entire time, but did not see any food coming out. At no point did anyone come over and apologize for the wait or explain why it took so long, I'm still confused at what happened. On top of that, the waitress doubled charged me for my coffee but we were late and I was set on getting out of there at that point so I didn't even bring it up. About 4 tables finished up and left while we were there, none of which were fully cleared off or cleaned. When a new customer came in, the waitress would just pick a table that didn't have left over napkins and cups on it.I will say that the homemade biscuits were very good and the meal itself was very tasty. Unfortunately due to the extremely poor service there is no way I would ever go back.
2	This place gets 2 stars only because the food was pretty tasty. The service was terrible and no one who worked there seemed to mind. We waited almost an hour for our food even though there were only a few other tables there. We were also seated in the corner of the breakfast bar directly in front of a giant oozing chocolate syrup container (so appetizing!) The waitress did come by several times to refill coffee but at no point did she apologize for the extremely long wait. She also didn't at any point clear the five or so tables that had already left, so we had to look at that the whole time, in addition to the chocolate syrup in my face. Also, a couple who came in half hour after us got our food at the same time we did. When the food finally came it was good (biscuits and egg sandwiches,) but so not worth the wait.
1	We've been here twice now and while the 1st visit was decent enough for us to give it another shot, there will be no return visit.The food is good enough- please don't misunderstand - but the service is AWFUL. With just 2 other tables to cover, our waiter left us sitting for 15 minutes with menus in front of us, no apologies, no water, NOTHING. When he finally got around to taking our order, he had to have us repeat it several times. When I asked what kind of yogurt they offered with the granola and yogurt on the menu, he said he didn't know and took another 5 minutes (literally) to come back and tell me strawberry. At the 45 minute mark, he came back and asked my husband what kind of cheese and how did he want his eggs cooked again.. he forgot (yet he wrote it down when he took the order?) I started to tell him if they hadnt started cooking yet to forget it, we would leave since all I had was a semi cold cup of coffee served to us). He told me they had, an obvious lie, as my dish of yogurt and granola didn't need cooking and he was asking about the eggs and went away again for another few minutes. All said and done, including paying the bill this quick breakfast took us over an hour. I know the frustration on the wait was exacerbated by the alternatively whining/screaming child at the table behind us, which isn't their fault, but still made the already bad experience worse (side rant - parents? If your kid is sick, KEEP THEM HOME! The women didn't apologize, but told the waiter during one of the 4 trips the kid and grandma took to the car to calm her down from the screaming temper tantrum, "no, shes not usually like this but she has a fever and doesn't feel well"  Seriously?)I'm sorry to see a small business suffer but the owner needs to hire some help and make sure his customers are attended to. I'm generally a patient and forgiving person, and would have been fine if they employed even one basic customer service skill.
5	This place deserves your business.  As their name implies, they put some focus on their biscuits.  Unlike most places, they keep their biscuits uncooked until you order them.  You can see the biscuits on a tray and watch them pop it in the oven when you order.  There's a daily special for biscuits...today was cheddar jalapeno.Ordered the sliders.  You choose from sausage or bacon as well as cheese and how you want your eggs cooked.  Biscuit was nice and fluffy...had a good flavor.  Eggs were cooked perfectly as requested.  My only quibble would be the potatoes.  Think I got a less than optimal batch oas it was overly crunchy.  I like crispy but there should be a good ratio of soft potato as well.  Highly recommend this place.  Service was good and they offered me a free pastry pre meal.
5	Its the difference between a cook and a chef personally preparing your meal along with the smile of an Angel server delivering to your table.
5	I don't get the negative reviews people, high maintenance people, having a bad day or a one off, I guess. The food is great so is the service. I've been here twice and its a restaurant well deserving of your business as stated in other reviews. The biscuits are wonderful so is the gravy. My favorite has been the biscuit sliders. The staff is also very flexible with request to mix and match and accommodate my requests. I hope to return soon.
5	I love this spot! The food is awesome and I have been here many times for lunch and breakfast and everything has always been spot on. It's sometimes slow, but it's because they make everything fresh for you right then and it's worth the wait! It's also super affordable.
2	We were visiting family during Thanksgiving weekend. On black friday we decided to check this place out for breakfast. 1) it was close to my brother's house. 2) it was new and 3) Biscuits are great!We walked in, it looks so great inside! We get seated really fast seeing as how we are the 2nd group in the entire restaurant. We sit down and order our drinks. My brother and husband ordered coffee, I got an iced tea and my sister in law got a soda. The tea was rotten, always something I fear when ordering tea, but shouldn't have to in a place like this, so I thought. It must've been sitting for a little bit. Apparently Vegas people don't drink tea. No biggie, we go to order our breakfast. I got the eggs and bacon but needed to get a biscuit on the side to try it. With biscuits in the name, you have to try it right? All they had was jalapeno cheddar biscuits. What?? I appreciate stepping outside the box and trying more than just the standard biscuit but I can't stand jalapenos so I didn't get one. My brother and husband got them though and they said they were good, not so overwhelming on the jalapenos. The rest of the food was good but I was bummed that the one thing I wanted to try I couldn't. The owner I'm assuming, came by and talked with us later and asked how we liked the food. The guys answered that everything was great. He said they make the biscuits fresh and don't let them sit for long so we just made the cutoff to get the ones they had. That's great, but I wish they would've had at least just a plain option for those of us who can't handle the extreme flavors. I don't know if I'd go back again, because of the lack of food choices as well as the lack of service from our waitress. She seemed like she was from Philly, really nice girl but just didn't care. There was literally a point when the only other couple there left, we were alone. We turned around and we were literally alone. Noone was in the kitchen, noone at the front. Kind of weird. I ran out of my nasty tea and never got to get a water refill. Maybe later on down the road when they get the kinks out it will be better? I mean, growing up in Vegas I know the customer service is rather lacking but...
5	Tried this restaurant on the recommendation of other Yelp reviews. LOVE good biscuits and I was not disappointed! Went with 3 other friends and we were all pleased with our choices. Tasty food; great value for the amount of food we received; two waitresses waited on us and did a good job of keeping our drinks refilled, pleasant service, etc. - even gave us a free donut while waiting for the rest of our party to arrive. I don't live on this side of Las Vegas but I would drive over again to enjoy their breakfast. Plenty of breakfast items to chose from on the menu, whether you are into biscuits or not. The decor is tastefully done, as well. Just need a permanent sign outside instead of the banner - let people know you are here to stay.
5	I really liked this place.  Service was attentive and friendly.  The food was great!  I think it's a little odd that they have a "biscuit of the day" and not an option for traditional "plain" biscuit but the BOD was cheddar the day I went so I was more than happy. I had the biscuit sliders with scrambled eggs, cheddar cheese and bacon.  I probably didn't need the two they give you but I ate them both because they were so good.  My friend and I hung around for quite a while chatting after we finished eating and the chef brought us out two chocolate chip cookies straight from the oven on the house!  It was nice to feel like they appreciated having us there instead of wanting us to get out of their hair.  I'll definitely be back!
5	This place is absolutely the best breakfast spot. Kid friendly, great food chill ambiance.
1	wow what a dissapointment !  never will eat there again !  almost an hour for our food with 4 customers there !  warm drinks w no ice !  server moves at a snails pace!  i odered the hawian burger w griled onions med well  got a raw undercooked pink burger w raw onions ! i sent it back after waiting 55 mins and was told it would only take 20 more mins to make another one ! which made me laugh actually  ! save your time and money !!.
4	Got a breakfast sandwich and hash browns from here one day it was delicious. Only one guy cooking I appreciate that as a cook myself. Only one waitress though I felt a little bad for her but overall very good and very good food
1	Guests BEWARE, my advice if you dine here is PAY ATTENTION!!!! Food lines the kitchen counters that should be under refrigeration! Bacon & Sausage sits in a pan on top of the grill ALL DAY. Fresh squeezed OJ could be half fresh from machine and the rest from a picture from up to days juiced earlier! Iced Tea not brewed fresh daily!!!!
5	I want to start with a disclosure. My wife and I have become close to the people that work here. They have always been good to us! I am disappointed to see reviews that talk about poor service! I simply can't imagine getting poor service here...I have seen the place be very busy and have never witnessed what the other reviews discussed (long wait times etc). The gentleman that was here 2-3 months ago is no longer here. He may have been the problem. The food is almost always fantastic and I have never had a meal that I would describe as less than good. The service is always fantastic and this place feels like home. I would encourage people to give this place a try and see for yourself.
5	Great tasting food, even better service and cost. A must try. Small business, no crowd either time I was there. I was offered a fresh pastry while waiting for fresh pot of coffee to brew.
3	It's hard not to root for this neighborhood breakfast spot.  In Feb they had weekday (Tues to Fri) breakfast specials for less than 4 dollars.  You can get waffles, pancakes, or French toast paired with eggs for less than what you would pay at Denny's.  The food is not elevated, high-end cuisine by any means but for the value you're getting a great home cooked breakfast.  The biscuits were also definitely good paired with the gravy.The reason I can't give it 4 or 5 stars is based on service.  Now typically I don't really care about service as long as it's not horrible and if I get good food. If service were better I d give it 4 stars tops.  We came on a Sun with only one other table.  The server couldn't multi-task worth sh1t and neither could the cook who was apparently working his first shift.  They were nice though I have to say.If I lived closer I would frequent more often and may come to find that this visit was an outlier to what type of service you would expect and thus my rating would be higher.  If you're in the area - check this place out. You really can't beat the value - no item is over 9 dollars with most items being 5-6 dollars.  My guess is this is more along the lines of 4 stars but I came on a bad day.
5	Great coffee!!!!  Great neighborhood place for breakfast at a great price. I had the two egg breakfast.  My over easy eggs were perfect.  The hash browns were crisp and delicious.  My BF got the blueberry waffle special - just the way I like them - Crisp on the outside and tender on the inside.  The fresh squeezed OJ was delicious!  And did I mention the coffee?!?!  Our server was super attentive and sweet.  They have a Friday date night prix fixe menu that we will be trying.  BYOB!
5	I knew this place would be good when I walked in and there were fresh eggs on the kitchen counter! How nice to see that they used realWe came here on a Saturday morning at 9:30 am, and there was hardly anyone here. I found it refreshing that their menu was simple and not not overwhelming. The waitress was super friendly and really good with her suggestions - she pushed us to try the cheddar jalapeno biscuit, and I am so glad we did!We got the breakfast burrito, turkey bacon, egg whites, coffee, and a biscuit. And YES, the biscuits are fantastic - fresh, hot, soft in the middle. So good! Coffee is great and is served in gigantic mugs so they don't have to bug you a million times to top it off. Service was great. Food was great. Atmosphere was great as well. Such a good place to come for a weekend breakfast.I absolutely will come back for their date night menu. $21.95/person for a set menu, and you are allowed to bring your own beer, wine, etc.
3	I wish I could rate this higher. Along with most of you, I love supporting local restaurants and businesses - especially if it's a breakfast joint. However, while the food was decent, nothing about my experience really stood out. Walking in, my friend and I were the only ones in there, except for one person seated at the counter about to leave. I wasn't sure whether the lack of customers was because the food was bad or simply because it was late morning on a Thursday. I ended up getting the breakfast sliders, due to many good reviews of it here on yelp. Yes the biscuits were fresh, and yes they were good. But overall, the dish was just meh. My sausage was super oily and the potatoes were underseasoned. As for my coffee? Super burnt, which is usually a huge indicator that it's just been sitting on the warmer for quite some time. It was completely and utterly undrinkable. Sad to say, I probably wouldn't recommend this spot next time my friends and I are trying to find somewhere to eat. But, if any of them want to try it, I wouldn't be opposed to giving it a second chance.
5	My favorite diner in Vegas! Try the breakfast burrito or New York style burger anytime!
4	I was pleasantly surprised when I walked in.  Nice buildout, very clean.  I like that you can watch the chefs prepare your food right in front of you.  Food was solid.  Service was ok.  It was quite busy and our waitress was trying her best to accommodate everyone.   All in all im happy to have found a new breakfast go to close to home!
5	Malted waffle rocked, light and fluffy. Not too sweet, just right.  Croissant w/ egg, cheese, tasty sausage, was delicious!  Breakfast potatoes were super flavorful too, nothing was too rich though. Loved it!
4	I love the biscuits and they have wonderful serviceNot the traditional path, so no visiting here when we feel like having mama's Biscuits and Gravy.Original
5	This place was great! We were the first people there at 8 am, but it is a cozy little diner. The pancake sandwich was good, the sausage was tasty, but the real deal was the biscuit sandwich with fresh squeezed orange juice to wash it down! So tasty.Pretty good for the price
2	Food was good. Young girl at front wasnt very nice, when asked to sit at a table that had 4 seat she told us it was reserved and put us by the wall. The so called reserved tables were never used well we ate. Saw them turned away customers because all the 2 seat tables were taken. I wont be going back there.  Thats what we get for trying a new place out.
2	Food was good.  I had the New York burger which was very good.  But the two stars is because of the awful service.  It took five minutes to be seated, and they ran out of biscuits.  Will not be back again.
3	Food was ok, arrived mid morning only two people at the bartop another three parties on dining room tables and nobody greeting at the front door. took about 15 minutes to place an order. I ordered french toast with sausage took another 15 minutes.  While the food was good took a little too long for the environment.  sever never checked after food was dropped. sadly cant say I would go out of my way to pass ihop to go back there
5	Love the menu. Breakfast and burgers. California burger medium well please. Fresh squeezed orange juice and fresh fruit. I'm loving it!
4	The food is great! Everything there is made fresh! The cook really take pride into making his food. The burgers are amazing! Biscuits is great! I really like the chili as well. There's nothing on the menu that I didn't like...The best part is the $ the price is not as high as the other breakfast spot. The only reason I only gave it a 4 star is because of the services. Sad to say but The services is really SLOW we went for Friday date night and we re there for over  2.5 hours and that's not because we wanted to stay and hangout. Even if the services is slow we still go back for the food :)
4	Good food, a simple menu and friendly staff.  This is my kind of breakfast spot.  I like to come in and eat slowly while reading a book.  They never rush me and keep my coffee hot.Make your own biscuit sliders, the food is good, almost like a home cooked meal.  It's quiet in here as well so I get a chance to relax and clear my mind.  They always bring a pastry tray by, all made fresh in house.  I finally gave in today and had one of the best donuts I can remember.
5	Awesome home cooked meals! Quality and value is the best in town. Don't let it's inconspicuous location fool you. $2.97 breakfast specials are you kidding me! Give yourself extra time though or if your in a rush don't come here. This is a one chef, one server place.
4	Breakfast very good, super friendly people inside, they have some good deals during the week.  Would definately recommend.
5	So delicious! Joe is AMAZING! Got the waffle and it jut melts in your mouth :) Mmmmm!!
5	Since my boyfriend and I both love biscuits and gravy we had to try this place out. Very friendly staff, cozy atmosphere and delicious food! We had the green chili and cheddar biscuits and gravy, scrambled eggs and pancakes. Wayyy too much food but it was all on special and all of it was delicious (especially the biscuits!) We left here telling all of our friends and family about this place and couldn't wait to come back! If only it was a little closer to our house.... But it's worth the drive.
4	great omelets.  coffee is the worst.  hope that they change to a coffee that compliments their meals.also, not so sure why bread or a biscuit, and especially a biscuit since that is their name, is a side order and not part of the meal???????but again, breakfast was great.....except for the coffee and having to pay $1.50 for toast unless i didn't want potatoes???????
5	Best breakfast in the last four days we have been here.   It's worth the escape of the strip.  Don't forget the orange juice!!!!'
5	My guy and I stopped in today (Sunday) he had to be at work before nine so we thought we should skip the bigger and busier places.  He had been here before dor a dinner take-out which was good so we figured we would give it a shot. The restaurant wasn't busy (I honestly think if it were more visable the place would be busier) which we didn't mind at all.  We could chat and leisurely eat without tables full of screaming mimis. To start he ordered a coffe (one of the best restaurant coffees either of us had tired) and I ordered a cranberry juice.  I was plesantly surprised to see a huge glass as opposed to those tiny juice glasses most places have and expect you to pay for refills. On to the food...we are both biscuit and gravy addicts so thats what we got.  It comes with potatoes which I asked for extra crispy ones, and that's exactly what I got. The server was plesant and attentive.  When we asked about the Friday date night, he took the time to explain it in detail. In short, yummy food cooked fresh (if I wasnt so vertically challenged I could have seen over the counter and watched meal being made), great service,  relaxing atmosphere.  I spied a few more things on the menu I would like to try, so I'm sure we will be back!
1	BEWARE Our first time coming here, and would not return. They had a nice server that was the host, a busier, kitchen helper and server all in one. I feel for the guy he tried his hardest. Now for the cook I think he was a rented cook, his jacket had an advertisement  of customcook.com, we looked it up and its a catering company. So upon walking in all the 4 seater tables were dirty, two were occupied and last clean one available for our party of 3. We got seated immediately. We are getting ready to order when we were notified they are out of biscuits, wait isnt the restaurant called biscuits 2 burgers. How could they be out of biscuits its in their name isn't it their specialty?  Its Tuesday morning at 11, not a saturday or sunday where I could understand possibly running out.  So the server informed us the biscuits were in the oven which would only be about 15 to 20 more minutes, ok no big deal we'll wait. Well 15 to 20 mins turned into an 1hour and 10 minutes and I'm not exaggerating. in the mean time a table has already walked out.  We finally got our food, my husband ordered the a poached egg slider it was extremely over done, was not runny at all, I ordered an egg over medium which was over hard, the bacon was under cooked, we couldn't handle this anymore so we had to walk out. I have never written a review nor ever walked out of a restaurant. Not mention the server told us he would only charge us for one entree when we didn't even touch any of them,  needless to say we didn't pay for anything. this place is a joke I was really looking forward to trying something new, It was a waste of an hour in half that I will never get back. Server stated 3 people quit on him today, this place needs needs new management, that cares and would be there to help in situations like this.
5	Small little local place. The staff was great. The menu small and simple but good food! Can't beat the prices either. I made my own biscuit sliders and they were so good! They are 100% homemade and you can tell! My husband ordered the biscuits and gravy. Same biscuits but the gravy was eh... He definitely liked my meal better. Overall well definitely be back! I love supporting locally owned business vs chain places.
4	Stopped in just after they opened on a Thursday morning.  During my visit I was the only diner the entire time.  This place is small clean and nicely presented.  Menu is simple easy to read and strait forward.  I went for the biscuits and gravy.  They were FANTASTIC!!!!!!   Biscuits were moist and and liked the cheese baked in.  Gravy was seasoned nicely not too peppery like some.  Hash browns were fresh fried potatoes.  You would taste the freshness, only negative about that is the larger pieces were a little undercooked.  Menu prices are reasonable for what you get.  My only knock......  Which could be detrimental to some is the coffee....  I mean I like coffee, all coffee.  From espresso to calorie loaded Starbucks.  This coffee was terrible.... It is supposedly a dark Italian roast....  It tastes like burned bitter grossness....  It was like a tall cup of concentrated espresso flavor.  I poured the entire half and half tin they brought out in, it was still black....   Maybe consider a lighter roast during breakfast hours...  Easier on the palate higher caffeine to wake up people!!!!  Do this and more people will come to drink coffee!!!!   Awesome food though!!!
5	My new favorite place... the food was so good the waiter was so busy but couldn't have been any nicer.  The owner acted liked it was the 50 ' s coming out introducing himself!  A class act of a locals place!
3	Slow service but the food was ok. Great concept in need if refining. Food wasn't hot and had to be sent back. Orange juice was the bomb. Biscuits and gravy were really good.
5	Boyfriend had the pastrami burger, and I ordered the verse your own omelet and might have gotten a little over excited and ordered the build your own biscuit sliders and the chili............ Nothing disappointed. Boyfriend said pastrami was delicious as was the burger patty itself. Didn't have too much of the omelet but the biscuit sliders were to die for. We had them with bacon, cheddar, and over easy eggs. SO FREAKING DELICIOUS. The biscuits are green chili and cheddar. Savory. Moist. Buttery. I want more. Seriously. Come for breakfast AND lunch!!!!!!!!
5	My second time back and the FIXED the coffee!!!!!!   It's a yummy cup of coffee.... Hooray!!!!!!    Now they have the total package, great food, great service, great coffee!!!!   Server change the TV to let my daughter watch Disney during breakfast.!!!!!   Biscuits are awesome, pancakes yummy too
5	Great atmosphere,  solid service and even the chef in the open kitchen say hello to everyone and recognizes 80% of the guest. Keep that up B2B, im definitely coming back
3	Nice neighborhood breakfast spot. Went on a Saturday morning, not crowded and easy to get a seat. Staff was friendly and prompt. They have a fresh orange juice maker which is always a crowd pleaser. I ordered the 3 egg omelette. The veggies and cheese weren't  melted or cooked and the eggs were very greasy. How do you mess up something as simple as eggs?  I'd return and perhaps try something else on the menu.
5	I always pass by this place when I go home and I finally decided to try it for breakfast...now this is my new breakfast spot! Challah French toast is so good! The bacon taste like they smoked it which was delicious! I'm going to come here to try the burgers next time!
5	Sliders with sausage and cheddar awesome!!!!!    Love this place come get yummy food!   Tuesday-friday breakfast special for 3.97!!!!!!
2	I love there food, but the wait.....The long long long never ending wait for food. I honestly can't tell if the food is good or if I'm so starved and on the verge of fainting that when I get my food I inhale it out of sheer animal instinct. I have been here many times and the service is just terrible every time, it takes 30 min for the sorry to take our parser and another 40 for the chief to make outer food even if were the only ones here. I'm sitting here waiting for my food as I'm writing. Im eating a fruit leather as obviously as I can becuase I legit my pass out and still no rush in service.... Heres my tip, eat before you come so your hungry when you get your food.
5	Decided to finally check this place out after seeing the good reviews and passing by it a few times. I have to say that it ranks pretty high up on my list in terms of great food, great service, and great price! We ordered 6 different items on the menu and only paid under $60! Their burgers were amazing! My little ones got their Malted Waffles and it was delicious! Our server was very friendly and attentive. Definitely going back to try some more of their great food.
3	The food was great! But man the WAIT! (Rhyme was intentional) Please only come here if you have some time to spare in your day, i tried to squeeze this place in for a quick work lunch break, so my irritation took over a bit because they took soooooo loooooongggg on everyyyythinggggg theyyyy diiiiiidddd.Thankfully when we finally got our food it was very good or you may have saw a forced 1-starER up there. I got the biscuit sliders with a side of gravy the biscuits were made of their Green chili and cheddar "biscuit of the day" it was real down home comfort food, super tasty. The side of potatoes were very delicious as well, crispy on the outside and soft on the in while perfectly salted. Side of gravy was also better than most places. All in all great food but is it worth the WAIT? I'm undecided.
5	Ok I'm very pleased with my decision to try this little neighborhood cafe. Very cute cafe style set up, friendly staff and as for the food well delicious with impressive presentation. I ordered the city sliders with goat cheese and caramelized onions, which was absolutely divine!! I highly recommend more south Summerlin residents need to come out and give this local business a try!
5	We love this place and stop by for breakfast whenever we're on this side of town. The wait may sometimes be long, but the quality of the food is worth it. For those of you from the east coast, they have REAL taylor ham! We always get the biscuit sliders, and have yet to be disappointed. Eggs are always cooked to perfection, and no matter what their biscuit of the day, it's always delicious. We definitely recommend this place.
