5	I've been to Taylor's Cafe on several occasions... both for breakfast and for lunch.  Breakfast is served all day, and there is plenty to choose from.  As Shannon wrote, there is a variety of healthy options including several veggie omelettes and design-your-own as well.  Servers are consistently friendly and even when the restaurant is crowded, I've never had to wait too long on my food... Taylor's is good for groups but it works for solo diners as well... guys may think it is a little bit 'fru-fru' but they will not complain when their food arrives - indoor and outdoor seating available.  My next visit will be one night for dinner - i think they have live music from time-to-time.
5	I have been here too many times to count.  But since I moved to central phoenix and I have not been here in a couple years I did not feel like I could review it.  I really do enjoy this place for breakfast.  They have great coffee and lattes and fresh squeezed juices and smoothies.  The service is always great and I think the owner works there every day.  Every time I am there he is there working along with his staff (sign of dedication:)).   This past Sunday my BF and I met fellow yelper Gabi K. and her BF Jared for breakfast and the service and food were excellent.  We were sat right away (which I love not waiting on a Sunday).  My boyfriend and I had the poached eggs with bacon or better known as Eggs Benedict which were great.  And I am pretty sure Gabi and Jared enjoyed there breakfast also.  The staff was very attentive always refilling our water and coffee.  I am definitely coming back here for breakfast again!
5	Taylor's is a consistently wonderful place for breakfast... probably my favorite. The mimosas are more champagny than juice-y, which I obviously enjoy. The servers have always been sufficient, if not friendly and kind. There's not a single thing I dislike about Taylor's, really. Even the children that are occasionally scattered about seem well-behaved. Maybe this is Stepford breakfast, who knows.
5	Very good place for breakfast & lunch tucked away in the crowded shops at 44th & Camelback.  I kinda found this place on accident.  I meant to just run into AJs and grab a salad to go, but was forced to park basically across the driveway from Taylor's, and, being closer, I opted to go there instead.  Taylor's is open 6-4ish (I couldn't really tell, they probably just changed the hours and scratched off the hour number on the door), and they serve breakfast all day- well, all day they're actually open- which is always good with me.  I was in the mood for corned beef, and , bingo, there it was.  Nice mound of lean tasty beef with melty cheese (no saurkraut or thousand island, please.).  And the bread- oh the bread- grilled to be crispy on the edges but still soft inside.  How in the hell do they do it?  I don't know, but I'm in love.
5	Definitely one of my new favorite restaurants!A friend and I went to lunch there last week and it was even better than I expected after reading the other reviews.  The menu is EXTREMELY extensive.  The b-fast all day long is a plus, but I wasn't in the mood for that this time so I stuck to the lunch menu.  I ended up ordering the half sandwich and soup of the day and my friend and I split a side order of sweet potato fries.  The eggplant and roasted veggie sandwich was really good, but huge and messy!  I ended up eating a lot of bread and then eating the insides that fell out with a fork after wards.  Delicious nonetheless.  The homemade chicken noodle soup was outstanding!  It had lots of other bits of veggies that are not traditionally in the soup (red pepper, green pepper, corn, etc.) and it added to the soup quite nicely.  Did I forget to mention it's a GIGANTIC bowl of soup?  There's no little cup o' soup here - come hungry!  The fries were delicious although we didn't even need them since our meals were "Hungry Man" sized.Some side notes:1.  Parking is awful for lunch.  If you don't mind creepily stalking folks in the parking lot and possibly engaging in an altercation with another patron attempting to park, go ahead and give it the good ol' college try.2.  I ordered a water with lemon.  I received a water with no lemon.  When I asked for some lemons for my water, they brought me out a small plate with SIX (yes, I really did say six) overgrown lemon wedges.  I tried to come up with a scenario where one person would possibly have a need for one entire lemon on steroids.  I couldn't come up with one.  There is no reason for one person to be in possession of that much lemon.  Period.3.  We walked in and staff #1 seated us.  Staff #2 took our order.  Staff #3 brought our drinks and later the pile of lemons.  Staff #4 brought our meal.  Staff #5 cleared our plates.  Staff #6 brought our check.  Staff #3 took our check and brought the receipts/change back.  Did it really take 6 people to get us through a weekday lunch?  I was mostly entertained by it - it almost became a game of "who will show up next and what is their task?"  It was still a little ridiculous.4.  Being a semi-health conscious diner, I loved that they had fat free dressings, made tuna salad with low fat mayo, and just had many, many more healthy options than the average restaurant.  I appreciate places that can fix a good meal without drenching it in calories and fat.  There are plenty of places to go for that sort of meal when you're in need.  No shortage there.  It's nice to have those options beyond the standard no dressing, burger wrapped in lettuce, or vegetable medley consisting of zucchini, carrots, and cauliflower.  A big up for Taylor's.5.  For a half sandwich with soup, half of the fries, tax, and tip I paid about $16.  It's not the cheapest lunch in town, but it's worth what you pay for.  Just remember that the portions are gargantuan so no need to order a lot of extras to fill you up.I will definitely be back again.  Enjoy!
5	If you enjoy  the one on 44th street, you will love the new location in Scottsdale. The decor is beautiful! I realy love the bar top. It lites up.I had some of the best french toast ever!! This location is owned bya father and son team. I have the pleasure of knowing them both, they are hard working, and give great care in bringing to their customers tasty, healthy and generous portions. I will definitely dine there again.
5	Taylor's has such a refreshing cafe menu. I've been for breakfast far more often than lunch. I hope to try dinner soon b/c I think they feature live jazz on Wednesday nights. I've never ever had a bad meal. In fact, I always have a hard time deciding. Some highlights in my opinion are the huevos rancheros, eggs Benedict (with a choice of meat), waffles & the Mexican omelet. I never liked Bloody Marys until I had one at Taylor's! I tried a friend's once and have been hooked ever since! But if you want a less intoxicating beverage, try the iced chai latte. Careful, its so good you'll be ordering another before you know it! Bon Appetite!
4	Everyone seems to love this place. I thought it was just 'aight. I had lunch and apparently breakfast is where it's at - so I'll have to go back again.4 stars because it did not piss me off. More later...
2	We chose this place for breakfast this morning because of the wonderful reviews on yelp.  I was certain it was going to be one of my new favorite places. We entered into a brightly painted orange restaurant and stood at the hostess stand for a few minutes waiting for the hostess to finish flirting with the server and notice us.  She clearly didn't want to be there and could care less where we sat, so opted for the table in the window.  We sat and waited and waited and waited.  Tables that were sat after us already had their drinks and they were not busy.  Finally I tried to get the attention of the hostess who was standing half asleep at the hostess stand, mouth open wide, eyes half closed.  A few minutes later we finally had a server.Our server was not very friendly.  I don't even think she said good morning.  We ordered.  Tables sat after us already got their food and we finally got our drinks.  She bought out 2 cups of coffee, but I did not order coffee so I made her take that back. Our food finally arrived.  We ordered french toast which came with strawberries, bananas and a cinnamon sauce, eggs benedict with crab cakes and two orders of country potatoes. Breakfast was pretty good.  I enjoyed my crab cake and the cinnamon sauce on the french toast was a nice added touch.  The potatoes were not good, they had WAY too much pepper on them, I couldn't even eat them.  Gary ate a few of his after he drowned them in ketchup.We never saw our server again.  We got a water refilled after we finished our meal.  AND THE WAIT BEGAN.  We waited and waited and waited for our check.  Tables that were sat when we finished eating had already finished their food.  We never saw our waitress. I guess we were her only table, if not I felt bad for her other tables as well. Finally some guy brought us our check and tried to drop it off and run, I said WAIT and gave him my card and said, "If I don't give this to you now it may be 20 more minutes before we see someone again"Because I didn't look at the bill first when he brought it back I didn't notice until after I paid that they charged me $12.05 for the eggs benedict when their menu actually said $10.50.  I didn't say anything...  I just left a sad tip.We were there for OVER an hour, they had lots of empty tables, and we only saw our server once.Gary and I always over tip, because he and his family owned restaurants in the Valley for 35 years.  He has spent a lot of time being a chef and serving tables.  We know that when food comes out wrong, it's probably not the servers fault, and things happen, so we still tip well.  TODAY, I felt like we were invisible and I have no idea where our server disappeared to for the hour.  We drove by Over Easy, La Grande Orange and IHOP to try this place.  We probably will not be back... unless we decide to give it a second try on jazz night... I do love jazz.
4	Breakfast foods are the best foods and, I'm pleased to report, Taylor's does the genre proud.I've dined here twice, both in the morning.  Taylor's is located on the NE corner of 44th St and Camelback and, if you want to find it quickly, you should turn into the complex when you see Cork 'N Cleaver.  Otherwise, prepare to drive around in circles wondering if the map on Yelp was wrong.  It's a little hard to spot at first.Inside, you'll find a cute little cafe with cute little tables and a cute little patio.  It's so cute I could just squeeze it.  Seriously though, it feels exactly like a breakfast joint should.But let's get to the good stuff: the food.  I'm a big fan of morning grub and Taylor's certainly delivers.  My first visit, I had a chorizo and egg dish that was perfectly cooked and reasonably priced.  More recently, I had the poached eggs with salmon which was a giant mouthful of delicious.  If I remember correctly, all the poached egg dishes were priced the same regardless of meat choice, so I had to make it count.I did knock off one star for the lackluster service we received on our most recent visit.  Still, if you're in the mood for some breakfast eats and the Good Egg sounds about as exciting as a Coldplay mixtape, give Taylor's a try.
2	After so may 4 and 5 star reviews I decided to give Taylor's another chance after my first visit, thinking perhaps I just had a bad experience and this place really is as great as everyone raves.. So now on to my second dining adventure and I am still not impressed. The place is cute, it has a great charm and ambiance, really a perfect setting for a causal breakfast or lunch. The food is decent, but nothing exceptional and extremely overpriced.. My first time I had the huevos rancheros and they really should have been called huevos gringos. The dish consisted of beans folded into a wheat tortilla with a fried egg and very bland tomatillo sauce, what side do you get for 9.25$ - chips...needing more than chips I added a side of potatoes ($3),  I split this dish and was charged ($2) without even being asked.. Bringing the total dish to $14.25.. Get real for breakfast? .  I compare this dish to Harlow's huevos rancheros.. there is $7.95 and comes with potatoes and beans and tortillas..My second visit I ordered the "create your own omelet" for $10.75, this seemed high for an omelet but I went with it.. It was pretty good, but again the side... toast or a bagel, order the potatoes ($3) and another split plate charge ($2) without being asked.. Let me rant on this one for a moment.. They charge me $2 to cut my omlettee in half.. The bagel already comes sliced. LAME, bring it on one plate and I can cut it myself..it is not like we got double portions.. very annoying. So now the omelet is $15.95 ridiculous. Add an OJ.. $5 bucks! When most places have $3 mimosas on Sundays I found paying $5 for an OJ ridiculous. So in all Taylor's food is decent, but with so many good and lower priced options in the nearby area, I don't seem myself going back.
4	Taylor's is resplendent in location (foot of camelback mtn), in it's commitment to local, organic (as much as possible), and it's caramelized onions.  Oh, and they offer a side of sauteed mushrooms or spinach.  I usually get both.  They make everything better, even hurt feelings.There is this ONE server that I get all the time, who I am shocked still works there.  She's one of those people that you don't want to get mad at because she genuinely seems sort of naive - but she just sucks.  And that removes my fifth star.There is ANOTHER server who I used to get very frequently, who was super kick-ass.  He actually offered me my coffee to-go at the end of my meal, which I am certain isn't really encouraged by the manager that does the ordering and cost spreadsheets of procuring to-go containers.  But it's that kind of extra attention I desire, and frankly, deserve.  Ok, that might be a bit much, the deserving part.  The food is just really good.  Very fresh and delicious.  Wilted greens omelet, or the caramelized onion and bleu cheese frittata (errr, it might be an omelet, frittita, frittata, what have you) sun-dried tomato bialy.  That is my complete sentence.  Don't let my grammatical errors fool you, I have taste-buds to make up for my bad English.Lunch is tasty, but eh, wouldn't be my first choice.  Breakfast is where it's at.Coffee is delicious.  They make a nice latte if you have about $5- to throw away on liquid that doesn't get you drunk or offer enlightenment.I take away a star for my "um, yeah, that was pretty ok" lunch experiences,  that one sucky server, and the fact that they don't serve potatoes with breakfast.   But the four stars should soundly represent the awesome server, those aforementioned breakfast menu items, (truthfully I haven't met a breakfast there that I didn't like), the offered-to-go coffees, the quality ingredients, the option of getting liquor at breakfast, and the outside seating, though it backs up to the parking lot, your backdrop is ultimately Camelback Mtn.I find it appropriate to point out that, while you will generally not leave paying less than $12- / person, they do use local / organic ingredients.  This costs more.  Good quality food is pricey.  That's just how it goes.  I'm happy to pay a little extra and not leave feeling like a porky porkster.  Porky McPorkersons with the top button undone.  Lil Rolly Sausage gal.  I don't like to feel like that after breakfast.  And Taylor's does me right.  If I can justify eating a lot, and not feeling awful, I'm game.
4	Ok...I know I may cause a ruckus with my next musing....Matt's Big Breakfast or Taylor's Cafe?  Long lines or easy seating?  Crowded, on-top-of -you, loud atmosphere or just loud?  Ordinary food with buzz or ordinary food without the buzz? Easy pick for me -- Taylor's Cafe over Matt's Big Breakfast.  I love breakfast!  I do.  And, more than that, I love comfort food breakfast's -- no foo foo gourmet breakfast for me -- save that for dinner.  I think Taylor's Cafe is just fine.  Plus - they know how to cook "crispy" bacon. You have to ask for it - but it never comes out burnt.  They have interesting omlettes too if you are in the mood.  And you know what?  For a girl who likes a thick stack of french toast - I really like their oatmeal.  Odd, right?  Well it's darn good with fresh fruit on top.    So, while Talyor's Cafe may not have the buzz of a Matt's Big Breakfast - I think the food satisfies my craving and I never have to wait in line.  When the weather gets cooler, go on Sunday, bring your New York Times (sorry-that's the East Coaster in me coming out) and sit out on the patio.Service is adequate, but not outstanding.  I'm giving my rating to the food and atmosphere.
4	After pigging out in SF for 10 days I made Gabi K promise to only take me to healthy restaurants during my trip to Phoenix. As soon as she picked me up from the airport she made good on that promise by taking me to Taylor's for lunch.I was leading towards ordering a fresh fruit bowl or maybe even a yogurt parfait when Gabi started raving about their tuna that's made with yogurt! How's that for healthy? And so I ordered this tuna in a wheat wrap (instead of the regular bread). My side choices were fries, greens, and sweet potato fries.  Since I'm trying to be healthy I knew I should get the greens, but turning down sweet potato fries is just silly! And so I ordered the sweet potato fries, which at least are healthier than regular fries! Well, my sweet potato fries never came to the table because the waitress soon informed me that the kitchen was out of sweet potato fries. A sign that I should have ordered those greens in the first place!The tuna wrap lived up to expectations and we received top notch service (thanks to our waiter Michael) throughout our meal.  I started to think I was in SF instead of Phoenix when the homeless man outside started soliciting us for money through the window, but Michael had a chat with him within minutes.Gabi K seems to be a regular here and I can see why....can't beat healthy, tasty food and fabulous service! Even if they run out of sweet potato fries from time to time...
4	I had seen this place so many times. How did it take me this long to finally try it for brunch? My love of weekend brunch is no secret. Something about coffee, eggs and sunshine just never gets old.The Huevos Rancheros (an all time favorite of mine) was very good, as was the Mexican Omelet. One of my favorite touches was the HUGE cup of coffee they served. Also, their mimosa (a weekend brunch essential) was ENORMOUS. It was essentially a goblet. HUGE. Overall, it was great value for money. The only downside was our server. It was her first day and she wasn't afraid to use that excuse again and again. She didn't know a thing about the menu. Didn't know what sides came on what dishes. She asked what type of bagel I wanted, even though my huevos doesn't come with a bread side. But, she was very sweet. Unknowledgeable and sweet. What can I say? The meal was still great. Taylor's has definitely earned a place in my brunch rotation.
3	We finally made it here for breakfast/lunch and I guess we will make there again some time in the future. The wait staff was quick to greet and get us our drinks and order. After that, it was awhile before the food got to us. The highchair's seat belt was broken (such a nuisance) for our little girl, but "oh well", safety is not first here I guess. The Joe's special, pancakes and Florentine omelet (my husband's choice) were all delicious. I am interested in their lunch and when I have more time and the kids are at the sitter's, I will stop by again to see how that goes.
4	great spot for an outdoor lunch.  pretty view of camelback and great salads.  be prepared to pay over $10 for a salad.  recommendation:  pesto chicken salad.
3	As I've mentioned in many of my other reviews, I'm not a big salad person. I almost always choose a sandwich, soup or entree over a salad, even for lunch. Given that, I always appreciate a salad that has some substance to it--if there are hearty ingredients paired with the lettuce and/or there are generous portions of these mix-ins, I'm likely to be a fan (even if I'd still order a sandwich nine times out of ten!). The seafood cake salad I had at Taylor's definitely met my standards for a good salad. There were a ton of greens and the seafood cakes that came on top of the salad were both flavorful and well-sized. It's a huge pet peeve of mine when the salad protein is such a small portion that you have to carefully meter out enough bites to last through the whole salad. I don't know about you, but at lunch, I want to eat not think. Agree with other reviewers that the salads at Taylor's are pricey but this is logical given their size. One thing I was really unenthusiastic about at Taylor's? The incredibly chilly and relatively unattentive service. I don't need a bubbly server who is constantly in my face or spewing out niceties, but I wouldn't mind someone who at least pretends to give a rat's ass about the job (or if they can't muster that, at least gets me what I need when I need it). If you want a big and tasty salad, check out Taylor's--but don't go expecting friendly service.
3	What a hidden little gem!  Taylor's is just consistent! The food is always good and the service is A-Ok.  I wouldn't go out of my way to try Taylor's, but if your close the area (my work is REALLY close!), it's a great spot!Try their flavored Iced Tea! It's really refreshing...
1	Blindly went to Taylor's with a friend on Sunday (had I known where we were going I would have recommended someplace else). I decided to be open minded and give them another try. I ordered an iced tea and the waffle, he got the poached eggs with hollandaise and a coffee. The server took our orders and returned with an OJ for me, forgivable offense - she took it away and brought me back a an iced tea. Then the incredible wait began... An hour later we finally flagged someone down to inquire on our food. He said he would check for us.. We never saw him again. There was a party of 3 and a party of 6 next to us, they both ordered after us and were almost done with their meal... Both parties were complaining about missing items, I overheard a bagel, a side of fruit and a waitress had all disappeared. At this point I was ravenous and we again went to find our server.. She finally brought our food, and it was horrible. The waffle was dry and tasteless and the poached eggs were drenched in hollandaise, thick greasy hollandaise that looked and tasted like it had been sitting on the plate for ages. Our horrible breakfast experience lasted 1:40 minutes. Ridiculous. I will not be returning, 3 strikes Taylor's you're out. I left a Yelp card on the table, hopefully they read this an make some improvements.
3	Boyfriend and I went here after reading the good reviews on Yelp. It was okay, didn't really see the big deal. I got the Poached Eggs (I wish they would just call it Eggs Benedict like the rest of us) with Salmon and boyfriend just got the basic 2 eggs and Hashbrowns (or something like that).  Everything was good, no complaints, but nothing blew our mind. Not in a rush to go back, but if i ever do I'll be sure to rereview if a different dish really stands out.I do like the decor and the atmosphere. Our server was nice, though I wish when I ordered "Iced Tea" she let me know that there were several different kinds, or just asked what kind I wanted. When I flipped the menu and saw that there were several variants, my boring traditional iced tea made me a little sad.Also, they do the old restaurant cost-control stand-by of serving you "fruit salad" that consists of mainly diced cantelope and honeydew, but with a tiny slice of strawberry on top, as if to say "See...look at this nice fruit salad...it has strawberry...see the strawberry...SEE IT!" Then you eat it and sadly, no more strawberries.  I know this is a common thing (I was actually trained to do it when I worked at Chompies years ago) but for an $11 breakfast, can I please have a couple more strawberries in my fruit salad?  You didn't fool me.
2	Looked at the rating and thought it would be exciting....but nothing at all special.  The huevos rancheros SUCKED.  Very bland, nothing great at all.  We also got some dish that was mushrooms, cheese and spinach on a bialy (but they were out so it was on a english muffin)  not bad.  But for like $10 I and tons of good reviews, I would expect more than just tortillas from a bag on the side of over easy eggs and like 2 pieces of avocado.
4	Delicious breakfest - many healthy options.  Quick and attentive service.
3	had breakfast there this morning w/wife after picking up sister/bro inlaw had the salmon breakfast pizza I asked if it was served on a pizza crust waitress said it was it is actually agrilled  pita bread it was good but they might want to tell the staff difference between pita and pizza wife had huveos rancheros ordered eggs soft poached got eggs medium plus poached bro/sis inlaw had joes special looked good and they said it was tasty service was decient ombience was comfortable
3	Ended up here after sadly finding out that Garcia's is no longer in the area.  Turned out to be a good lunch nonetheless.  The menu is varied, and there is plenty to choose from whether you're vegetarian (i.e. Japanese Eggplant sandwhich, which I wish I had ordered) or a meat lover (i.e. burger with brie and portobello, which is what my colleague ordered).  I asked the waitress for her recommendation between the tuna melt and the Japanese eggplant sandwhich.  I know, 2 very different sandwiches, but I couldn't decide.  She said they're both delicious but that "people come here for our tuna".  Sold.Well, the tuna was good, but I wouldn't say that I have to "go there for their tuna".  It had a different flavor, I'm guessing rosemary, and also had chestnuts in it to add crunch (not a huge fan honestly).  The wich came with a side of fries, which were decent.All in all I was a bit disappointed, and wish I had ordered the Japanese eggplant sandwhich.I may have to return just to try it.
4	I know I've previously written a review of Taylor's Cafe, but after another visit this weekend, I wanted to reaffirm my love of their breakfast. In particular, I want to recommend two breakfast entrees. The blue cheese and caramelized onion omelet and the chicken sausage crepes were both to DIE for! I know these aren't standard breakfast fare, but they are worth a try -- especially if your New Year's resolution is to "start thinking outside the box" or "expanding your horizon's." But, even if you aren't ready to live the "Vida Loca", still visit this establishment as they have plenty standards to select (I usually go for their oatmeal with fruit and brown sugar) and their coffee, in particular their Latte, is wonderful and is a Phoenix favorite for us and our out of town guest.s alike.
4	A solid brunch place! - Busy but not TOO busy, with no wait on a late Saturday morning- Coffee mugs are ginormous and plenty to last through the meal- Tons of choices too chose from. Thoroughly enjoyed my huevos rancheros. Three overeasy eggs atop a whole wheat tortilla with refried beans and salsa....I'm salivating just thinking about it. Other great options range from crepes to amazing looking omelettes, even breakfast burritos- Prices are reasonable for brunch: $8-$13 per plate- Service was attentive and friendly, although I felt slightly rushed with the busboys hawking over meMinus one star because we ended up waiting pretty long for our food to come out...makes no sense especially when neighboring tables get served faster? Will definitely come back again and look forward to trying other items on their interesting menu.
5	Me: Open-faced baby spinach and goat cheese omelet with sweet potato fries. Hubby: Joe's Special - scrambled eggs with local beef, spinach, and parmesan with sweet potato fries. Food; Scrumptious, especially those crispy sweet potato fries. Service: Perfect with not too long of a wait. Our server kept the coffee coming and checked back occasionally to see if we needed anything else. Overall dining breakfast dining comments: We are very lucky to have such a reasonably priced, delicious cafe choice that offers unique and tasty breakfasts. We will return to try the crepes.
4	Went to Taylor's for breakfast and was thoroughly satisfied with all aspects of this cute little restaurant.  The menu had lots of interesting options but wasn't overwhelming.  I was impressed with the service even before our server brought my friend more hot water for her tea without having to request it.  I had the open face omelet with spinach, scallions, and goat cheese with a bialy.  The dish was very tasty and came with a side of fresh fruit.  I thought the bialy was more bagel like than bialy but I wasn't in NY so.....I don't live in Phoenix and was brought to this restaurant while my husband and I were in town for a couple of days.  I thought it was a great choice.  If I did live in Phoenix, and I had to take friends to breakfast who were in from out of town, I would definitely consider Taylor's.
4	Decided to try out taylors for breakfast today. I started with the fresh squeezed orange juice. This is the pulpiest fresh orange juice I've ever had. It was great. Then my dish came out I ordered the Asian crab omelet. It was very good it came with crabmeat, green onions, avocado, and cheese. It was excellent all the ingredients seemed very fresh. This is a nice new find for breakfast in my area.
2	"I will go back to Taylor's the next time I feel like having someone hit me in the face with an orange while I hand them $5" was my facebook status update right after I ate at Taylor's on Valentine's Day morning. The girlfriend and I had been planning to go to Over Easy that morning but by the time we got out of bed the line was immense. So we drove to IHOP...which was packed. I grabbed my phone and Yelp (oh dear me) told me Taylor's was a good place for brunch.Walked in and the place was pretty much empty (it's kinda sad when IHOP is fuller than you are but that may just be a sign of the economy). The inside was nice, full of well-dressed people happily eating breakfast so the girlfriend and I snagged a couple menus and sat down. As it was a Sunday morning and I hadn't had any coffee yet I wasn't paying much attention to the menu. I ordered a spinach and goat cheese omelet, some hash browns, bacon, and coffee; the girlfriend ordered some pancakes and OJ. The coffee came (GIANT mugs which I really like) and the waiter seemed pretty cool. I was thinking all was right with the world and then.....the food came...The omelet was not so much cooked, mostly spinach, and severely lacking on the goat cheese. The hash browns were those typical of any diner in America, except greasier and cold. The bacon? Paper-thin and miniscule. My GF's food was equally unimpressive and then...the bill came...It was like $46 for the 2 of us!! I knew the bacon would be extra but has browns? For like $4? Really?!? $5 for OJ? It was good but, like I said before, seeing it on the bill was a bit like being gobsmacked with an orange while handing over a fiver. Should've just waited in the huge line at Over Easy
1	Literally one of the worst dining experiences ever. This restaurant is in our neighborhood and it looked so cute, I was very excited to get some breakfast and enjoy a beautiful day on their patio. We ordered after waiting for 15 minutes our waiter to even come to our table, we told him we were ready to order and he told us he would get us our drinks first. After waiting another 15 minute to get our ice tea, he finally took our order. Our food was brought to us by a women who looked like she clearly hated her job, she slammed the food on the table and walked away. As I went to take my first bite I noticed a long hair draped across my plate. ewwww. I could not find our waitress so I waited 5 minutes and had to flag someone else down, who apologized took my plate and walked away. Our waitress came back another 5 minutes later and asked where my food was, I told her what happened and she apologized and instead of offering to replace us, she told us she would get our check. wtf. I was blown away, I did not make a stink because I have worked in the service industry and I know you don't get anything when your rude.... but I wish I would have, because the owner or manager (I'm guessing)brought the bill and left a to go box for my sister. and that was that... they didn't even offer to replace my meal or comp it. This place is truly a joke, I will never go back.
3	I have been able to experience both lunch and breakfast at Taylor's Cafe and on both occasions, both service and food were decent. The restaurant is tucked between some small clothing shops, The Eggery, and next to AJ's. The parking is not desirable especially during the lunch hour as the restaurant is sharing the lot with three restaurants and the grocery store.The restaurant is small with few small tables, shared booth seating, and some outdoor seating. The decor is bright with exaggerated art work of Jazz performers. Apparently, the restaurant used to have some live Jazz music in the past. It is a very cute place.For lunch, I had one of the chicken sandwiches which was good. However, I thought the options for breakfast were better. You could either choose one of the specialty omelets or build your own. I had the lox omelet which was excellent with hash browns. I was interested in the country potatoes however the waiter had mentioned that other tables had sent back the potatoes and that the hash browns would be better. Still unsure, he let us sample the country potatoes which were decent. I actually liked the country potatoes over the hash browns, I thought it was nice that the server was interested in making sure that we were satisfied. And overall, we all were. My guest ordered a build your own omelet with chorizo and another guest ordered the waffle with fresh fruit and both looked good and were highly complimented. The server was open to providing separate checks (however I am not sure that he would have been so willing if the place was packed which it wasn't). There was a random To-go iced tea delivered to our table and our check had originally not charged for our coffees but then after separation, had charged. These few incidents of confusion were masked by the overall pleasant service, atmosphere and quality of the food. I will definitely be back and would recommend Taylor's as a great breakfast/brunch location.
3	Great food. Slow inattentive service. I've been there two times in last month and same story. Maybe just understaffed. It was also expensive. I'll keep going since it's near home but i hope service improved.
4	Why did I not visit here before??  I don't know how many spontaneous stops I've made at AJ's for sweets in the past... Had I known about Taylor's Cafe being just next door, I'd have stopped in for organic and locally-produced foods, instead of spending money on junk!  Am so glad I took the time to drive all the way to have brekky here-- I also found this plaza to be a quaint area to walk around.  Lots of nooks and crannies that hold promise for other good eats.  Any suggestions?Before stopping by, I briefly looked at the online menu and spotted Smoked Salmon listed.  However, upon inquiry, I was told that the salmon isn't wild-caught, so I had to bypass :(  But I wasn't disheartened much, though, since I was also hit with a major sweet craving (thanks to yesterday's viewing of "The Best Thing I Ever Ate: Sugar Rush," on DVR, while on the treadmill!), so I had the French Toast , made w/ two slices of Simply Bread's monkey bread (cinnamon pull-apart), strawberries, bananas, and a triple berry compote.  I also had a side order of Boar's Head smoked bacon.  I had asked for the toast to be "more well-done."  The same went for the bacon-- delicious!  [I'm crossing my fingers they weren't made w/ allergenic ingredients (I suspect they were), bec. I'd like to buy a package of this to prepare at home.]  I enjoyed every morsel of the French toast!  Loved the texture of the cinnamon-swirl bread, which I lavishly topped w/ the compote and fruit.  (I kept thinking I should ask for extra compote, but the portion was actually just right.  I would've enjoyed an extra slice of toast, though, but that's the monster in me with bigger eyes than my stomach talking!)  I also had a cup (or two!) of the special blend coffee, made by Starbucks, which I tempered its bitterness with a little 2% milk.  Great spot for breakfast!  Can't wait to try lunch here soon.  Too bad Taylor's Cafe isn't open for dinner anymore, or I'd plan for that, as well.  BTW, service was very friendly and fast!  While my server Kristen couldn't readily address my food issues, she was quick to offer to ask kitchen staff for the answers.  And she did this with sincere smiles, which I really appreciate!  Thank you, Kristen!Lovely murals; sectioned rooms that vibrate with differing, but positive, energies; polished and clean women's restroom; and nice furnishings complete my breakfast adventure this morning and make this cafe a winner!  Can't wait to come back, and I'm saying this as I finish off this review here at Taylor's Cafe!!
3	Taylor's is a great place for the neighborhood. Don't drive out of your way to get breakfast or lunch (its all pretty basic) but will do the trick and the vibe is friendly and easy going. You'll usually compete with the overachieving hikers and worker-outers on the weekend mornings which makes you feel guilty if you order anything but the yogurt, granola and fruit plate (kidding). Overall, a perfect spot for a very casual breakfast or lunch.
3	3.5, really, rounded down.I got poached eggs with hash browns and crab meat, extra hollandaise on the side (which was not necessary, but free!).  Our gal was super cute, and not over at our table every two minutes asking "HOW IS EVERYTHING," which I appreciated.Rounded down because my yolk  was hardish.  The best things about poached eggs are the oozy, runny, golden yolks, and when my yolk is hard, it makes me sad.
4	Well, this is probably going to be my last AZ review for a very long time.  Expect a slew of Seattle reviews instead. :o)Taylor's Cafe was pretty awesome despite the fact that we had a little trouble finding it.  It sure is tucked away in a mass of twists and turns of pavement and stucco.  In any event, we found it and it was relatively busy.  Since there was only two of us we were seated immediately right by the door.  I kind of expected my waiter to be douchey just because of the location and the way he was "styled," but he was actually pretty awesome.After running through the menu I kept finding omelets that were almost exactly what I wanted, save one or two ingredients.  When our waiter came back and I told him my dilemma, he told me to just make something up.  Sweet!  I ended up ordering an egg white omelet with asparagus, mushrooms, and cheese.The food came out faster than I expected and I was certainly not going to complain about that.  Obviously my omelet was close to perfection because it was exactly what I wanted at the moment.  It was delicious and HUGE!  I couldn't even finish it!  To make a lovely breakfast experience even better, my Diet Cokes were continually topped off without me having to ask.  Now that is service.I would totally come here again, if I still lived in AZ, but the location is kind of obnoxious and the dining area is a bit cramped.  Overall, a really great stop for breakfast.
4	I've visited Taylor's Cafe off and on over the last few years, it's been months since I've been in but finally decided to write a little something. Taylor's is tucked away among a few other local businesses. You may need to look around to actually find it. Hint: park in the back parking lot/east parking lot, you'll have no problem spotting it from there.Go for the fresh squeezed Orange Juice. They squeeze it per glass, and go for the Victor Ostrovsky Art, and also if you're a fan of supporting local businesses. Give up on IHOP and Denny's, forget the "fad" "big breakfast" places and give a neighborhood place a try.I've generally visited early in the morning, before the "brunch crowd" and have had exceptional service and food.
5	One of my favorite brunch spots.  Not the cheapest, but you come here to admire the Arcadia families/couples coming into have brunch.  There is sometimes a wait but it is worth it.  I have a hard time deciding between the lunch salads and breakfast.  I usually cave and get the french toast or ginormous belgian waffle.  Parking is plentiful but it is on a weird corner in the strip mall, if you are going, look for cork and cleaver.
4	Oh Taylor, you are one tasty cafe!! I visited Taylor's Cafe several years ago for lunch and had a great experience. However, I hadn't been back since, just because it always seemed to slip my mind. That is, until I was reminded of it today by the one and only Gabi M. Right off the bat, I like Taylor's Cafe because the moment I step inside, I feel warm and cozy. The restaurant isn't very large but it isn't cramped either. It lives up to its name as a cafe! The servers are very friendly and brought my a Diet Coke right away and kept refilling and refilling. Bad for my caffeine addiction, yet good for my caffeine addiction if you catch my drift. So moving on to the food. I love tuna, but my waistline doesn't like the mayo that normally goes into the tuna. However, today I learned that Taylor's Cafe can feed my love of tuna without the mayo calories! How? They make the tuna with fat-free mayo! So, I quickly ordered the tuna on a wheat tortilla wrap with avocado and tomato. The tuna was fresh, delicious and didn't taste like fat-free anything! I ordered a side of cottage cheese with it. It was good but a little bland, so I added some hot sauce and it gave it just the kick it needed. Now that I've been reacquainted with Taylor's Cafe after all these years, I plan on coming back over and over again and trying everything on the menu...or maybe just sticking with the tuna. It was pretty darn good.
1	Service was slow..staff was inattentive and nothing was done when we complained.won't be back.
2	Went to Taylor's Cafe for a fear that the line at LGO and Over Easy would be too long.  I wish I would have waited in line.The place was pretty empty so you would have thought our sever would have been a little more attentive. My cousin ordered scrambled eggs with an english muffin and they came out how she had asked.I ordered the french toast which I was highly disppointed in.  First, it had raisins in it-which it didn't state on the menu.  Secondly, it was severely undercooked and runny in the middle.  I had to sit and stare at it's grossness (yeah I know that isn't a word) so long that by the time our waitress came to check on us I didn't want a new one so I ordered just an english muffin so I didn't have to leave starving.Disppointing and I don't think I'll return.
1	We used to go to Taylor Cafe all the time, but haven't been in a while.  Man, what a difference- and not in a good way.It is unseasonably cool in Phoenix and Vincent's isn't having their brunch experience, so we decided to go back to Taylor Cafe.  There were several less than pleasant surprises.  First off, they no longer have a liquor license and thus no Mimosas or Bloody Marys.  That was a minor issue for us, but worth mentioning on a Saturday morning brunch.  I ordered a cup of coffee, some scrambled eggs with cheese for my hungry toddler, and we looked at the menu.  It seemed to have gotten much larger and there were some new interesting items.  I loved the eggs benedict before, and ordered it again.  My husband ordered the crepes.  We anticipated our meals.My daughter's eggs came out almost within seconds.  Shocked, I saw it wasn't just eggs, but hashbrowns and fruit.  It was also NOT warm.  That surprise was a $9 meal.While waiting for our meal, I drank most of my coffee.  The server asked if I'd like more coffee to heat up my cup.  He took my cup, which I though was odd, and brought it back with warm, steaming coffee.  Yay!  Upon getting the bill, I learned there was no such things as refills and I was charged for a second cup.  Lastly, our food was delivered.  My eggs benedict was not warm...again!  What is with cool food?  There wasn't enough hollandaise sauce, and honestly, it just wasn't that tasty.  My husband thought his crepes were just ok- not bad, but not flavorful.  Our last surprise:  when the bill arrived and we spent $45 on at best a mediocre breakfast, we were less than pleased.The only bright spot- our server was friendly and did his best.  We will not go back.  This was just one disappointment after another.
3	Friendly environment, decorated well, food is great! The mediterranean salad is delicious, the lavosh is tasty, and the burritos, yum! The service is great because they'll cater to your satisfaction. There is a server that walked to AJ's and bought something they didn't have and made it! Portions are generous and tons of a great options if you want something healthy or not.
3	I had lunch here yesterday since Wally's was closed due to some water problems. I thought the restaurant was spacious and inviting. The tables were comfortably far apart from our neighboors. A nice place to have a meal and chill.I had the make your own omlette which consisted of cheese, ham, onions and greenpeppers (a Denver Omlette) along with country potatoes. The country potatoes were terrible and overcooked. The omelette was ok, not near the top of the list. My friend enjoyed his waffle, he liked that there was a lot of fruit to cover the waffle.Our bill was about $30 for lunch.
1	This will be quick and simple. I just went to Taylor's Cafe to purchase a gift certificate and server informed me that only a manager could  complete the transaction. That's a huge big time FAIL! Thank you for that  waste of time.
5	18 Salad choices.... need I say more?... Probably not.  But I'm going to.  If you work in this area and you want a wonderful salad I HIGHLY recommend coming to Taylor's Cafe.I have met a couple of my work friends here on different lunch outings and I am never disappointed by the salad selection.  They ordered the Greek Salad and it looked amazing-- they confirmed that it tasted just as good as it looked.I have ordered multiple items and have ALWAYS enjoyed them!  So glad I found this little gem!
3	Been here twice. Had the chinese chicken salad once and the BLT on bread not the bagel. Food was fine. Nothing to write home about. Location a little tricky to find.
1	If your into over cooked eggs and your hash browns drowning in oil accompanied with a server with a chip on her shoulder, then this is the place for you.I will never return and i recommend you reconsider before going and dropping the money they are asking for this sub-par food. Go to Denny's, your food will be prepared much better and taste just as equal with probably better service. At you wont have toworry about your server reach over you and across the table to pick up your straw wrapper. I mean really! Ask me to hand it to you, DON'T reach across!
4	Taylor's Cafe has a LOT more style than you would expect based on the unassuming strip center it's in. Open and airy and decorated with colorful custom artwork, its at once comfortable and hip.If you're visiting for Breakfast or Brunch, you must start with a glass of FRESH squeezed orange juice or a Vanilla Chai Latte. I've never had anything at Taylor's Cafe that I didn't like, but the Poached Eggs are a favorite. Perfectly cooked on top of extra crispy bacon, spinach and toasted english muffin and covered in a sumptuous Hollandaise sauce. If you're in the Camelback Corridor and hungry for Breakfast or Lunch... Taylor's Cafe is a must try.
4	My husband got back today from New Jersey (what a relief he isn't stuck in Hurricane Irene's path anymore!) and since we were in the neighborhood we figured we'd go to Over Easy.  Read my most recent review on how that went (ie, a bust.)We stopped at Starbucks at the Safeway next to Over Easy and got our kids a pastry each while we figured out what we'd do.  I turned to trusty yelp on my droid and they said that not only was Taylor's Cafe open, they do breakfast, and they were only about a mile from where we were.  We decided to give breakfast one more try, called Taylor's and put our names on the list.When we arrived it was a little hard to find, but we called and they told us where it is.  The decor is cozy and inviting.  We waited at the bar for a few minutes while a table was readied, the manager was very attentive.  I told him what happened at Over Easy and he was horrified.  We live in Avondale, we're willing to drive for a good breakfast and also pay a bit more for good food and good service.  Let me tell you, Taylor's Cafe really turned the morning around for us!My kids each ordered an apple juice, and one got chocolate chip pancakes, the other got strawberry waffles.  Their kids menu is $8 each, but the portions are huge, it's easily something an adult would put away.  I stole a bite from each, they were very tasty and there was enough for doggie bags.My husband got a build your own omelet with 3 different cheeses and chicken sausage.  With his omelet he got 2 choices for sides, so he chose hash browns and cottage cheese (he almost went with a bagel but was pleased to hear about the cottage cheese.)  The chicken sausage was an interesting option that we had not expected.  He also ordered a mocha, which at $4 was about the size of what you'd get at Starbucks, and my husband said that it was on par with their quality.I ordered the Joe's special, intrigued by the list of ingredients.  It was flavorful and delicious.  The country potatoes were very tasty.  I ordered the homemade raspberry lemonade, it was tangy and sweet, really tasty on a hot summer day.We came to the decision on 4 stars because the food was good, but not out of this world.  They have fantastic options for the health conscious, and it seems to be popular with the patrons of a local gym because there were tons of people coming in work out gear.  There is plenty of space (you don't feel like sardines in a can), the staff is polite, competent, and professional,  and the ambiance is nice.  We will definitely be coming back.
5	for breakfast and brunch is amazing this place... breakfast in delicious and in a great ambient to enjoy with ur family, friends on ur own..... i know breakfast is breakfast .... but this place make it taste so much better with the combinations they make and they still afford to make it healthy... yummy .... now that the weather is getting so nice we sit out side and the view to camelback mountains while u have eat is so nice,,,, thats what i call a great time in phoenix az.
2	Decent food for the most part.  I went on a Saturday morning with an expectation of the place being overly crowded but surprisingly it wasn't. Great!! The downside is we sat for 15 mins without an acknowledgement...I was not pleased. Had we been served in a more courteous and timely manner my review may be higher because I did enjoy my food.  Great portions and very fresh. I would go again and possibly consider revising my review.
5	Love this breakfast place!  My fav place for breakfast.  I can bring puppy and sit on outside patio. Love the healthy omelet options.  The crapes are DELISH. French toast and buttermilk pancake DELISH!! Excellent Menu with several great options for vegetarians. Full five star in my book!!!Cozy comfy atmosphere- always run into the kindest people dinning here as well.
1	It's true...I have experienced better, much better.  I really want to like this place, but both times I've eaten here I have been unimpressed.  I ordered a veggie burrito with a side of fruit and some salsa.  Ugh, first off, the avocado that came with the dish was old, not old like it could have been made into some tasty guac...it was dark and tasted like it should have gone into a compost bin rather than my mouth.  Second, the fruit looked as though it had been cut (or taken out of it's package) many days prior to hitting my plate, so I didn't even bother eating it.  Lastly, the freaking salsa looked so pale and gross that I just gave up on the meal entirely.  I was really disappointed with their obvious lack of care when it came to the quality of food they were sending out.  In no way would I have ever sent any of that food out had it been my restaurant.  The server was nice enough and the coffee mug was huge, but I won't be back, sorry kids...I gave you a second try and you came up short again.
3	It is nice to have a another option in the Arcadia Neighborhood for breakfast - that isn't so crowded you have to stand around for too long (LGO, I'm talking to you).  Granted, I moved away before the breakfast place revolution took hold, but I don't think this place is that new.  How did I miss this?We showed up on the tail end of the brunching hour - but it was still pretty busy, but we spotted some empty tables. As we walked in the hostess was being schooled on procedures by what I can only guess was the manager.  So we stood there as he continued to tell her how to do this better and be more efficient at that.  Then he looked up, noticed us, and said "help these people first".  What would have been nicer would have been to say "Hi Folks, welcome to Taylor's!".  I don't know - lead by example dude.Otherwise, the service was very good despite their misguided management.  Kudos for that!We had our drink orders and food orders in and everything went smoothly from then on.  I ordered the Mexican Breakfast Burrito and that was super good.  I had just flown in for a surprise visit from MN and desperately needed a Mexican food fix.  No one else wanted Filiberto's for brunch, so this would have to do. My Mom had discovered Taylor's with my brother on a previous visit and since they both liked it, we came back.  Sit outside if you can - the patio does not feel as crowded as it looks as you walk up.  And for those rare occasions when AZ weather is not so perfect, the inside comfortable and nice.The menu boasts a wide variety of breakfast favorites: crepes, traditional eggs and bacon, omelettes,sandwiches and lox & bagels.  Something for everyone!  I would definitely head on back here for breakfast - it is a nice change of pace.
2	How can I give a restaurant anything higher than 2 stars when they serve burnt hashbrowns (I posted a picture). It looked fine when they brought it over but as I was eating it, it tasted really weird so I looked on the bottom and it was BLACK!.  I don't know how a chef/cook can ever serve anyone something so burnt. I wouldn't even care if had a little burn on the edge but this thing was ALL black and it was awful.  Never in my life have I been served something like that. My friend had the crepe which I tasted and it was really good. She also ordered the country potato over the hashbrown which was a good move for her. After I complained they brought back a hot new order of hashbrown but it took a while (about 15 minutes) and they didn't seem too apologetic so I wasn't very pleased. I have no plans to go back!
1	It is were possible to give this restaurant zero stars, I would. I have been here 4 times in the past year in the hope that the service would improve.  I had first tried Taylor's several years ago and remember the food being good, but having very bad service. We recently moved close to the restaurant and are looking for a locally-owned breakfast place.  I am not usually such an optimist, but the local is right by our house. The menu is very large and the food has always been fine, nothing great, but the service absolutely terrible.  Not bad, terrible. Every time. All four times.  The wait staff is incredibly slow to take orders, bring drinks and food, and worst of all, after serving food, never check back to see if you need anything or offer drink refills. I cannot tolerate such poor service and will not return.  Trust me, you can find a better breakfast or lunch place.
4	I love our little neighborhood corner. AJ's, Wally's, Healy Bea, and little hidden gems like Taylor's. My only mistake is not trying Taylor's sooner -- not surprising, though, given the overabundance of breakfast choices in Arcadia.We've been in three or four times now and each time has been excellent. Most notably awesome is the service: prompt, attentive, gracious, accommodating. My SO and I are used to picking off the same plate or awkwardly dumping half the meal onto another plate when we ask to share something. Not here -- our shares came out pre-split. Very nice touch.The menu is ginormous and slightly overwhelming... even for a mushroom-phobic vegetarian. Everything I've had has been quite good - a solid 4/5. Servings are super sized (hence our sharing). Minus a wee part of a star because the coffee is very Starbucks-esque: dark, burnt, and puts hair on your chest. I just like my coffee like I like my men: pale, sweet, and weak. Heh. Minus another shred of a star for being a little pricey, and lastly, minus a tiny fraction of a star for the annoying car alarm that kept going off in the parking lot. EVERY. TIME. WE'RE. THERE. Same one.
4	I am so thankful for yelp or I never would have found this place :) We went on a Sunday Morning/afternoon and were seated fairly quickly the menu is huge and it all looked great I was very pleased I ordered the french toast yum! My honey got the omlette it was good the hash browns are a little more well done than would have liked but still tasty. The staff was friendly and attentive Iwill definaty be back for more :)
4	Veggie Lavosh was good.
4	I can't believe I never knew about this place until now?!I went for breakfast the other morning and thoroughly enjoyed my experience!  The atmosphere is really comfortable and we enjoyed our table completely surrounded by windows!The latte was good - they obviously do not use a thermometer, so it was a little hot - but still tasted good.  I got it in a "for here" cup and was offered a "to go" cup when I was leaving - nice touch!I love how early they open - 6am every day!  I always feel like I'm waiting around for something to open for breakfast on weekends, so it's good to know that Taylor's is an option.I had the eggs benedict with prosciutto and it was divine!  A really fantastic hollandaise sauce (which I am known to be picky about).  Hash browns were delicious too.  The portion was so big I got to take half home for leftover breakfast the next day!A nice option for a neighborhood breakfast - I'll be back!
3	Meh.....
5	As the current Taylor Duchess ( which may last 2minutes or less ) I just requested the owners add to the menu the best tasting custom made omelet not listed on the menu at current....It's egg-chedcheese-onion-ham... That's it...That's all! Better tasting than the top 5-6 others I've tried!! A MUST TRY!!!! Hey, why not title this, "The Duchess!" Mmmmm!!!!
4	This cute place is tucked in the back of the plaza (walking distance to AJ's).  When I got there it was starting to get packed.  Thank goodness M was there a few mins earlier than me.  I was quickly greeted by the server and he took my drink order.  I ordered the country ham served on a croissant with melted cheddar and mozzarella cheese, served with a side of hash browns.  And had to order a single buttermilk pancake.  Everything was very good.  The server was good.  Cons - the table was so small, our plates did not fit, they had to remove some stuff off the table.  And the chairs are not comfy.
5	I've been here a few times for informal meetings, and have gotten various drinks such as iced teas and smoothies.  The staff here gives exemplary service, and drinks are always filled promptly as needed.  When I've ordered smoothies, they've been very good, refreshing, and have come with a huge carafe that 2 people can easily share.  I'd love to try their food here someday when I'm not there for a meeting!
2	Breakfast!  Love the fact they are open at the crack of dawn.  The service was ok.  The table was very small with seats that will make you uncomfortable.  I got the Eggs Benedict with spinach, bacon, tomato and avocado.  The server was nice to have them take off the avocado that I guess looked funny to him however, didn't really appreciate the extra charge of $2.50 for 2 slices of tomatoes.  The plate was cold and the eggs were luke warm.  The spinach was on the bottom of the plate and not layered on the muffin and looked like it was taken out of the frig and plopped onto the plate.  Not cooked at all!  Place was pretty busy throughout the morning, which is great for a small place however, need to step up on the food I think.
2	RIP Taylor's! Somehow our friendly neighborhood breakfast spot morphed overnight into "The Daily Bistro". Gone is the impeccable service, unassuming but expansive menu, and outstanding food. Now we have a truncated, trendified menu, spotty service, and incorrectly cooked food. What used to be a beautiful relaxing patio is now tainted with unnecessarily loud techno dance music. W. T. F.!!! No bueno. We are sad.
1	spent nearly entire evening vomiting after ordering Taylor's Cafe "Joe's special" (ground beef, spinach, onion, etc.) ...a dish I normally love there.  It's the only thing I ate all day, so I'm certain it was this dish.  Awful night.Richard
