5	Great beer , Excellent staff , and owners are very passionate about what they do !! I wish them the  best !!!! It's really what down town let alone the city of Las Vegas needs !!!! The grand opening was amazing ! Can't wait to go back and try all the beers again !!!!
5	Here for the VIP opening of the best local micro brewery in las vegas, the Jalepeno Hefeweizen is awesome !
5	Grand Opening tonight was a blast. They are located right on Fremont, couldn't be a better location. The bar staff was very personable and the drinks were good. What more could you ask for. I tried three of the beers, of those the DTP was my favorite.
5	I Am super-impressed with the beer! We got a sampler for $7,  which includes 4 small beers.
5	Las Vegas microbreweries unite! With the love of good beers made within a 20 mile radius becoming more and more popular, Banger Brewing is something cool for downtown. The lack of food makes it difficult to air and drink too much. I would have chilled here to watch the games with friends if we could eat. The only option for snacks is Popped popcorn. I love them. The dill pickle goes well with the El Heffe. The chocolate with the stout. All the beers are reasonable prices.  The five beer flight with a popcorn is the best deal at $10. There is no table service, so you have to go up to the bar to order.  It is not much of an inconvenience since the staff is so quick and friendly.
4	home brewer, to beer tastings/festivals and now a bricks and mortar storefront in downtown...
5	Stopped by during CES.  Banger Brewing is a great addition to downtown.  Great Beer and a super friendly staff.  Loved the 5 beer sampler with locally made flavored popcorn.  I think the IPA was my favorite but all the beer was good or unique.  Anyone visiting Vegas who wants to get away from the Strip and experience something more genuine, head down to Banger Brewing and get the sampler.  They don't serve food but another cool new downtown addition called the Container Park has some good choices and its only a block away.  I'll be back next year.
5	Good addition to Fremont Street. Really enjoyed the variety of beers and excellent service.
5	Located next to Heart Attack Grill and in front of Toy Shack - a bar in front of a toy store? Why not?My friend and I came here on a week night so the place was quiet. We were greeted by a sweet gentleman at the door who told us how this place works. You go to the bar and order what you want then, you can sit at the bar or get a table. Our bartender/server was Alexis and she told us about our drink options. You can get beer by the pint, do a flight of 5 beers and popcorn for $10 or the tasting tray with all of their 8 beers for $12. The tasting tray made the most sense to me so my friend and I got 2 trays. Instead of rating each one, I've ranked them 1 being my favorite and 8 as my least favorite.Sandia:Watermelon wit. Pilsner, wheat malt and white malt. This was fruity and I would get a pint of this next time. Rank: 1Session:Blonde. Pilsner, caramel. This was the tamest out of the group. This blonde did not have the most fun. Rank: 8El Heffe:Jalapeno hefeweizen. Pilsner, white wheat, pale malt, cara pils. This was awesome. I love hefeweizen and the kick from jalapeno is ridiculously good. Something you must savor. Rank: 2Perfect Ten:American pale ale. 2-row victory honey malt, C60, rye cara pils. Rank: 5Hoppy Ending:IPA. Rank 6Hops Anonymous:IPA. 2-row cara pils honey malt, caramel malt. Rank: 7Downtown Brown (DTB):Brown ale. Chocolate pale 2-row, C60, C120. I normally wouldn't finish chocolate stout/ pale but after this tasting, I have a better appreciation of delicious chocolate beer. Rank: 3Simply Stout:Stout. Black barley, caramel malt, honey, pale. Tastes like coffee. Rank: 4They have 2 flatscreen TV's that are both on ESPN, yay! I'm not a hug beer drinker but I love this place even if they don't serve food. They only have Popped popcorn in cheddar, dill pickle, chocolate and buffalo ranch.I don't always fancy a beer but when I do, I end up having a conversation about the gym, March Madness, chicken fingers and monster nipples. Which means we stayed there 'til closing.
5	Short and sweet is always neat....Banger? Who?It's just this little amazing local brewery located in the Fabulous Downtown Las Vegas.The men behind this brewery had a dream and more importantly worked to make that dream a reality. Banger went from a small home brewing operation to winning awards at local Las Vegas beer festivals to finally founding their own brewery.This is a must stop spot if you go to Downtown LV. Support the local scene!I highly recommend Banger Brewing downtown. These guys are friendly and will talk beer with you! The beers are local favorites and these guys are just now getting serious. Las Vegas is a growing beer culture and Banger is definitely adding to the scene.Head on down and try the Perfect 10 Pale!
5	Great local brewery. Las Vegas needs more of these! The owners are just a bunch of nice dudes that will sit down and talk with you if they aren't too busy. Try a pint of jalapeno ale!
5	I am happy that this has opened...and I like that there's no food at this place so people can't bitch about food here on YELP! Just great beer-I love it! I hope the brewery does well...it will be one of our regular stops. Oh and the prices are so friendly that we don't have to scramble to get to  happy hour on time! The IPA is perfect
5	This hidden gem of a brewery is a welcomed edition to the expanding Downtown district of Las Vegas.  Located next to the Heart Attack Grill on Fremont Street, this unassuming brewpub is a welcoming local spot to stop by for some amazing brews paired with some truly incredible gourmet popcorn (I love the Dill Pickle flavor).  Before you get yourself too involved with this review...you should know that Banger Brewing is a beer-only zone.  A craft brewery.  A beer bar.  Not a watering hole hammering out fruity cocktails and pouring pre-chilled shots from Jaggermeister mini-fridges.  If you're looking to drink tequila out of a stranger's belly button or drag along your 21 year old girlfriend who only drinks amaretto sours and raspberry kamikazes then this most likely isn't the place for you.  That being said...the beer is good.  Real good.  All 7 of their beers are brewed on site including options ranging from the smoothly unpretentious  American Pale Ale, "Perfect Ten" (ABV 6.2%) to the rich, coffee and caramel laden "Simply Stout" (ABV 6.0%).  My personal favorite is the Sandia Watermelon Wheat (ABV 5.1%).  The happy and helpful bartender assured me it's mixed with fresh watermelon to give it that crisp, clean and in-no-way-fake watermelon flavor.  The Jalapeno Hefeweizen is equally as impressive though I found myself worrying over how "user friendly" this beer is to the general public.  I was shocked to hear some mixed disapproval from my beer tasting comrades.  Apparently jalapeno beer is an acquired taste like black coffee, kombucha or moldy cheese.  But what I love most about this place, aside from their top notch craft beers brewed on site, is their exceptional customer service.  Coming from a hospitality background, my radar for these sorts of things is uncontainable and even on high alert and in search of any pinprick of poor performance or inattentiveness; in the 3 hours I spent at this establishment I experienced only perfection.  The staff is professional, knowledgeable, friendly and most importantly, in love with their beer.  Smack dab in the middle of Fremont Street in the notoriously lackluster yet rocketing Downtown district of fabulous Las Vegas, Banger Brewing doesn't scream out its arrival but proudly just says, "Hey, Vegas.  Here I am.  I hope you like my beer."  This place welcomes you in with a smile, an ice cold glass and a great brew to fill it.  It's like walking in to your corner neighborhood bar only with way better beer and even better service.
3	I get it, I really do. You got some beers you've brewed and they are, well, not bad - right? So what do you do? You open a bar?Actually, I think opening Banger Brewing was a good decision overall. The beer is not bad, and the crowd seems to like the place. But this type of venture requires constant innovation - I hope you are up for it. So you know, if all you are ever going to sell is your own beer, you better have a genius of a craft master coming up with new ideas monthly - otherwise customers are going to get bored real quick.And do the rest of us a favor, get someone with a little bar experience to rearrange the place.  It is just about the worst use of space one could imagine - there was as much bumping and banging into one another as there was drinking going on.In short, Banger Brewing is still experiencing some growing pains - let's hope they grow in the right direction.
4	I love that it's hyper local. I love that they get creative with the brews. The look of the place is very modern compared to other tasting rooms, which tend to be smaller and more traditional. Oh yea, and there's some solid beer on the menu!About the only problem is the seating space. There isn't much of it. Also, is it a tasting room? A bar? Not sure. I've never seen a tasting room with flat screens playing sports.  Plus, it was tough to squeeze people in here on a Friday eve. Should this stop you from coming here? Hells no. But if you're with a crew, def call ahead or come on an off night. Beer novice? The servers are helpful and can guide you through their various brews. I suggest going for the 5 beer sampler for $10. Not only do you get a chance to taste half of the menu, you get some specialty popcorn, which is certainly welcome in between beers. My favorite was the dill pickle. I'm happy to have these guys in DTLV and I can't wait to taste all the future brews from BB. Well done!Protip: Call and find out when it's 2for1 growler fills. I believe it comes out to $11 for two growler fills. That's an insane deal. Also, take the tour!
4	Great addition to freemont and downtown. The "tasting room" itself was very nice, but it can get busy on a Saturday night. We had a group of 7 and had to hang out at the bar for a bit before a table opened up. All the employees were very helpful and the owners were friendly and ready to talk. They were circulating around the tables checking on customers, and even sat down with us for about 15 min to talk beer. We were also given a tour even though we didn't sign up ahead of time. As for the beer, I got 2 tasting flights (4 in each), so I tried all the beers they currently offer. The Downtown Brown (brown ale) and Perfect Ten (APA) were my favorites. I'm generally an IPA lover but I wasn't a huge fan of either of the IPAs they offered. It sounds like they have some interesting brews coming out in the future like a mint chocolate stout, so I look forward to coming back to check out the new concoctions.
5	Be sure to take the free tour, even if you've done brewery tours before. It was very enjoyable! Got to meet Banger the brewmaster! Then settle in with a beer sampling flight. They have a very nice variety of delicious craft beers, and they love to tell you whatever you might like to know about them. At least one or two of the five owners is always there. Truly friendly and nice guys. Make sure to meet them! Banger Brewery is a really great addition to the downtown scene!
5	Talk about Craft/Micro Brewery that really no words describe seriously the heart and soul they put into their beer. Banger who the brew master talent is WOW amazing and even more amazing too think young guy, the ideas, and the possibilities are off the charts. You look at the beer list its almost like looking at food menu from watermelon, chocolate, jalapeno, and always coming out with new flavor (that night tasted new brew just tapped not even on the beer list) not just pushing the depths of flavors. Love  love that fact every beer is truly unique. El Heffe is one of the more popular ones. It will BLOW your mind. Seriously will come as NO shock if it wins medal cause its really that unique or never heard or tasted beer like it. The smell is not overpowering but clearly smell the jalapeno. Yes peeps ok too smell beer like wine. LOL! At Bangers Brewing you really should cause then appreciate the depth of every beer, and once you taste it be like no ways taste and smell be so different but yet the same. Not only the El Heffe but all the beers. Another thing that unique is you literally could try little tasting sip of every beer on the list until you find the one like the most! El Heffe had two pints so winner that night. I would be more then Happy with anyone of the micro brews. Think fabulous from customer stand point that can taste different ones no charge till find the one like the most. They do have beer samplers also that talk about COOL show piece come in! They serve no food just popcorn for munchies. Let me tell you. If anyone said peanuts with beer. Bangers Brewery enlighten be that flavored popcorn make you drink more then peanuts. They have four different flavors Cheddar, Dill Pickles, Buffalo Ranch, and fourth not remember (only one not get around too). Cheddar was my least favorite but Dill Pickle and Buffalo Ranch winnahs. The DIll Pickles surprise me how much you could taste pickle flavor and Buffalo Ranch had nice little kick too it wanted too drink more beer wash it down. Great munchies go with beer. The size it was my first time but from outside thought would be bigger. It kind of small. I meet some cousins visiting from out of town. That night had band playing so once it got packed plus the band lot harder too have conversations.So if come with big group make sure come early. All the bartenders are amazing. Not only do they know all the beers, biggest smiles, friendly, easy talking stories too, and never empty glass. I enjoy the fact that although all you have is popcorn is that core focus is on craft beers. Customer service and making sure everyone enjoy tasty craft beer in chill environment. I love the modern look with the beer taps and stainless steel look. No doubt if every party downtown Banger Brewing will be first, last, and many stops betweens!!! =))
5	If you truly love beer, stop by, you won't be disappointed.  Excellent service and delicious brews are a winning combination at this terrific find on Fremont Street!!
5	Amazing- lived the beers, great staff. Alexis was awesome, very knowledgable. My group of 10 beer afficiandos was impressed. Definitely make the trip if you are in old town Las Vegas !!
5	Stumbled upon this place. Great to see some craft beers expanding out.  Got the flight and the beers were enjoyable and not trying to be too complex.  I will definitely come back again to see what beers they have next time. I will say the lady was very friendly but she quickly moved on from my friend and I to talk with her friends though...oh wait, she came back to us...good bartender. She just earned the five stars, along with the beer of course.
5	Knowledgable and friendly staff with excellent beers! Will definitely be back next time I am in town!
5	First time in Vegas and we stumbled upon this place and immediately went in as we had someone in our group that is actually starting his own brewery in New Hampshire. I loved the look of the place, bartenders (I believe Alexis and Mariah were the names) were awesome, at least one of the owners was there chatting with our group, great gourmet popcorn and oh yes.... you want to know about the beer? Well the group LOVED it and I personally as a "non-beer drinker" found one after given a few samples that I was able to enjoy a whole pint of. That says a lot! Definitely stop by!
5	You gotta check out this place!  Great micro brews and felt like old friends from the moment we walked in.  Ask Mark for a tour and throw back a flight because there are just too many delicious choices. Trust me, you'll barley be able to contain the excitement.  It won't go against your grain and You'll be hoppy you did.  :-)  Oh and the gourmet popcorn is a nice touch too.Thanks Chris for knowing your beers.
5	An oasis in a desert of garbage. If you're looking to break out of the typical offerings of overpriced but mediocre beverage options and watering holes in Las Vegas, make your way here. Knowledgeable staff, true entrepreneurs who care about their craft, welcoming but no-nonsense space. No gimmicks or novelty offerings here. The pepper brew was interesting, but the APA and brown ale were my two favorites. The two IPAs were good, but not too remarkable. The fact that everything is truly brewed on-site, and for $4 to $7 per pint ($10 for a flight plus popcorn), only adds to the excellence offered here. Cheers.
5	Outstanding beers! They could open a bit earlier, but that's a minor issue!They have 7 of their own beers on tap, and 3 local guest taps!I tried all of theirs, and they were all well done! I especially love the Hops Anonymous!If you are a beer advocate you have to try this place out!
4	Banger Brewing is not a fully stocked bar, a gastropub, or your average downtown bar/clubs. There is no cover and no food is served here. You come to Banger Brewing for one reason and one reason only, the beer. Everything you need to know about Banger Brewing is displayed on a large board beyond the bar. Displaying everything from the ABV down to the hops used to make each beer. They offer a wide range of different styles of beer, with a few rotating on tap. The beers are priced at a very, very reasonable price ($5-$7 a pint) considering the fact that they are located in a prime location on Fremont Street. They also offer a flight and popcorn for $10 or a double flight for $12, which I highly recommend to get a feel of which beer is right for you. My personal favorite being the DTB. Overall, a very nice addition to the downtown scene and the perfect place to drink a good beer for a reasonable price. I have found my new place to drink downtown.
5	Really amazing beers (best I've had from Vegas) and a super friendly, knowledgable staff. Downtown Vegas is really improving rapidly, and Banger is a huge step further in that direction.
5	Went in during a slow paced Tuesday and had my sights set on the El Hefe. The owner, who is so passionate about his brews it is contiguous, made sure I tried the whole line up. El Jefe is the definition of flavorful without fire and the whole line up purely impressed. I had to leave before I felt like it because my girl isn't at all a beer fan, but I have a new spot for growler fills.
4	These guys have a lot of potential and thank god they have the balls to open a brewery in Las Vegas proper. 1st this is a "Brewery" NOT a bar. Don't go stumbling in here and order a Redbull vodka. You'll get beer. If they like you they might draw a picture of a red cow on a napkin and stick to the glass.B. They support other local breweries unlike many of the other bars and casinos in the area.#4. You're gonna like some of them, you're not gonna like others. They call 'em rotating taps for a reason. Last. Go! Because Roberto, John, Steve, girl whose name I can't remember and other guys are extremely talented, passionate, ambitious and have a lot of great ideas to represent Las Vegas beer.
5	So good... Great beers and a incredible knowledgeable staff. We had a full flight and 4 pints of their APA. Even the door guy was awesome. We will be back.
5	Finally! Our very own homegrown brewery downtown! Our team at work wanted to check this place out and I was not going to miss the opportunity to do so as well!  I was a little nervous to hear that this Brewery is located in the Neonopolis building.  To me, this building is cursed.  There have been some very successful businesses in this building, however, there have also been some very unfortunate situations with other businesses.  I sure hope this place thrives!  Speaking about this brewery, it's a small joint, but packed with so much character!  You're greeted out front with a very huge metal bin used in most brewing processes.  It definitely tells you that you've arrived!  The inside has a nice industrial look: concrete floors, lots of stainless steel accents. The focal point of the place is the for sure, the bar.  Long white top, lots of taps for the various beers they offer and a huge menu with an array of house brewed beers.When we arrived, one of the co-founders named Eddie, gave us the history of this business and a tour of the joint.  He told us that 5 guys originally started this brewery, out of a garage.  They eventually realized they were sitting on a gold mine and decided to open an account with hopes to one day open their first brewery.  They dreams have finally come to reality. As for the tasting, I decided to try their very first success, the Perfect 10. It's an American Pale Ale, Carmel Victory grains with 6.3% ABV (Alcohol by Volume).  It's a little full and bitter by taste, but so flavorful and delicious!  I also tried the Session Blonde, a lighter beer, with Pilsner Caramel grains and 4.7% ABV. I ended up making it into a shandy type drink by adding a splash of sprite.  It was light, refreshing, a little sweet and great!Our private tour was amazing!  We got to tour the back area with the various wells used in the brewing process.  During this tour, we got to meet "Banger" himself, the master mind behind the brews.  There were many stories told on this tour, including the origin of his name.  All in all, I think this place has a lot of character and such an amazing addition to DTLV.  I HIGHLY recommend this place to other people looking to spend a weekend night full of great beer!  If you're in the area, check them out.  Trust me, you will NOT be disappointed!
5	I love that there is a brewery that represents Vegas in a great way right on Fremont Street! Tourists can come in for a few beers and go home and tell their friends Vegas has great beer! Locals can come in and not feel like their in a dive (you can hear yourself think and your friends talk) get the El Heffe! It's my favorite! You won't be disappointed with what ever you get though so try everything!
4	I don't go out drinking very often but I have been dying to hit Banger Brewing since they opened. I'm not a beer snob by any means but I love trying new beers and when I do go anywhere, Freakin' Frog is usually one of my favorites due to their usually excellent on-tap selection. Obviously, BB is a bit different as they're only serving up their own brews and supporting other local breweries...which is awesome by the way!There really isn't any type of menu besides a projected image in the middle of the bar. They don't serve anything other than beer but you have a few options of how you'll get your beer, including pints. For those who are indecisive or feeling adventurous, depending on how you look at it, they have flights and sampler options. There's no food and the only other thing offered is a few popcorn flavors from another local shop, Popped. I wasn't a huge fan of the white cheddar that we ordered but we came for the beer, not the popcorn.We ended up ordering the full sampler which was $15 as they had 9 total beers that night. Sure, these are only small sample glasses but for $15, this is a great deal. The sample featured everything from their lightest of the night which was a kolsch, all the way up to a heavy, dark stout. Some were a bit lacking but others were big surprises. My wife usually hates dark brews and even she enjoyed a couple. Out of the 9, the top 3 for me would be the Hoppy Ending, Black Eye P A and the Simply Stout.If you're downtown and looking for a "bar", this isn't the place. It's a very small location that is mostly quiet and of course, focused only on beer. I feel like it's a pre-game spot before hitting up clubs or more crazy bars and I think they'll get a lot of business like that. The prices are very reasonable, the staff is friendly and seems to be knowledgeable as well. They could use some work on naming their beers though. Some of them are rip-offs or exact copies of more well-known beers. It's a chill spot though and definitely worth the visit if you like beer, even if only a little bit.
3	PROS:-Decent beer.  I had the hoppy ending IPA (5.5%)..  It was ok.  It was a pretty standard IPA.-Inside is spacious & clean.  Bathrooms are clean.CONS:-Most of the beers have low ABV, less than 6%.-What's w/ the hours?  They open at 5PM.  Awfully late.  -No food menu.TIPS:-Located in the Fremont area located next to that restaurant w/ the "heart-attack" fatty-foods (can't recall the name)
5	This was amazing! Tried all beers on tap and was very impressed! The staff was very knowledgeable and friendly topping off our beer tasting with a tour! El hefe was my fav but all of the beers were super tasty and not overpowering!! Would recommend to all craft beer enthusiasts!!!
5	We had no expectations walking in, but we should have. Any we would have had would have been blown away. It was a 5 star experience from the beginning to the end. Our "beertender" who wore goggles throughout our experience was well versed in beer and had no lack of personality. The beer was delicious and was served with an obvious pride in the art. I highly recommend this spot to anyone! If a 6th star were availabe, I would have selected it;)
4	I recently took the Banger Brewing tour!  What a treat!  These guys know what they are doing with beer!  What is most impressive is their list of beers breaking down the "hoppiness" of each brew.  If you try a flight - you can give them an idea of what you like and they will bring you a little bit of beer heaven!  I'm really hoping they add food or offer to have food delivered??  And do so well they extend their hours.  Welcome to the neighborhood Banger Brewing!!  I'm so glad you're here!
5	I have been remiss on giving a big shout out and thank you to my friends at Banger Brewing for making me feel at home during my recent vacation in Downtown Las Vegas. Like Chicago Brewing Company, Banger Brewing was a home away from home during my 5-day stay in DTLV. The staff here are phenomenal people, and are dedicated to the love of craft beer.Banger Brewing is located next to Heart Attack Grill at the Neonopolis end of the Fremont St. Experience. Unlike the other microbreweries Downtown, Banger is a straight brewery. They serve beer, beer, and nothing but beer. OK, that's not entirely accurate - they do sell locally-made gourmet popcorn as a snack/palette cleanser - but you get my point. I'm no stranger to places like this - they're common in the DC-area - but some of the tourists didn't quite get the concept of craft brew. But the "beer hunters" - both locals and tourists - were finding their way to Banger Brewing.The brews here are fantastic. They do a great stout (Simply Stout), IPA (Hoppy Ending), weissen (Weisse So Serious), and Black IPA (Black Eye PA). But the one that stood out for me was El Heffe - their Jalapeno Hefeweizen. Typically I float around the different beer types at craft breweries, but when there is one that stands out so much that I put it on my list of all-time favorites, I stick with it. And I had a LOT of El Heffe during my three visits to Banger Brewing. The jalapeno flavor is roasty rather than spicy, and balances perfectly with the notes of the hefeweizen. They also have three guest taps which were rotating with selections from other local breweries, but when El Heffe hit my lips, there was no getting me off of it.The Banger team really took care of me on my last night in town. The day before I bought a Banger shirt to supplement my clothing supply because my flight back to BWI was cancelled due to weather. I sported it around DTLV the next day (see my new profile picture) and the staff treated me VERY well that night for all of the free advertisement I gave them. A special thanks to Chris, who showed me the pleasures of late-night Sigma Derby at The D and kept me out WAY too late. Banger Brewing is a great local craft brewery and a great addition to the Fremont St. Experience. I'm looking forward to my next trip to Vegas and my next visit to Banger. Cheers guys! (and gals!)
5	Great Brewery!  We go to a lot of breweries all around the country and we were very happy we stumbled upon Bangers!  If you enjoy good craft beer definitely stop by!
4	My Husband needed to deliver a rack for his job with The Sunday publication. While he was doing business I decided to try their Flight and a Popcorn for $10. The bartender was very knowledgeable about all the beers because that they brew them in house! You get four beers and a popcorn flavor of your choice. I asked the bartender what he recommended so I went with his choices. I ended up with the El Heffe, Simply Stout, DTB, and the Black Eye P.A. and for the popcorn I picked the White Cheddar. Even though I was tempted by the dill pickle flavor. As for the beer I liked the El Heffe. It totally had the taste of pepper. The DTB was just ok. The Black Eye P.A. was a much richer beer. The Simply Stout was my least favorite. It's a great place if you love beer! A down side is there is no food menu. They also do not open till 5pm which is odd for a Fremont Street location. Banger is a little hidden, you have to look for them. The staff is very friendly and they are for sure putting out a great product. The popcorn is a nice touch, but maybe as they grow they could add some other bar food items to kick it up some? The decor is nice and simple. You have to make sure you go to the bar or you will not be served at your table. When my beer loving friends are in town i'll be sure to steer them here!
5	Beers and popcorn! What more do you need? Went to Banger Brewing last weekend and got a flight. Don't remember what I had, but all were up to snuff. I enjoy that they carry other local brewers as well.
5	The most friendly employees!  Great beer and wonderful atmosphere.  A must come.. will most definitely come back again.
5	Great beer selection and even better customer service. We're visiting from the craft beer capital of the world and this place is up to par! My favorite is their red and apple hopler for desert... yum.
5	This place is truly a hidden gem! We are locals and have walked past this place hundreds of times without even noticing it next to the obnoxious Heart Attack Grill next door. We have had wonderful experiences both times we have gone. The beer and popcorn (dill pickle, especially!) are delicious. The beer flight and popcorn are a great deal. The service and atmosphere are even better. When you walk in, you don't even feel like you are on Fremont St anymore, you feel like you are in a legit, low-key, chill beer bar. It's quiet enough that you can actually talk to people, and the bartender and door guy are the owners who educate you on the beers you are drinking. We told the guy at the door that we had been in a week ago, and he told us about a new beer that we had to try, so we said ok. We took our time getting settled, and by the time we walked up to the bar, the door guy had already told the bartender to get samples ready and the glasses were waiting for us at the bar. What a nice surprise to find in the middle of such a crazy place!
5	Good selection of craft beers. Friendly staff. The Knight "Rye"der is an easy drinking Imperial Stout.
4	Decent beer..  Great service..  Would be nice to have some appitizers, bar type food available..   Maybe in the future?
5	great beers, very cool owner, bartender and door man. good conversation about old military days. I will return for more.
5	Great beer, great service, and a great atmosphere!  This place is awesome and the el heffe is to die for..yummmm! Bartenders are very friendly and knowledgeable.  Best brewery in town, hands down!
5	Friendly knowledgeable servers with no smoking and very good beers, what is not to like.  I am from San Diego which now has more microbrews than anyone ( sorry Portland) and these guy's beers can run with them easily.  Among the stars on tap in April 2014 is black eye pa, hop bang boom, and rebellion red. Mariah shows that      A great server needs to know the beer and be a good conversationalist and be happy in their job. Skip the scantily clad servers serving slosh on Freemont and stop in here
5	I'm not much of a drinker anymore but hubby loves craft beer, so we visited this little brewing company while we were hanging on Freemont Street in Vegas. I actually decided to taste a beer although since our vacation was back in February I do not remember which beer I tasted. I can tell you the staff was great about letting me taste a beer. I would have paid for a small glass of beer but they just poured me a tasting glass and they were fine with it. Hubby dug the brew he drank. The bartenders were very helpful too! If you're into craft beer and happen to be on Freemont St. in Vegas do stop in here!
5	Amazing bartender! Best service downtown and very knowledgable. You can sample the beers and see which ones you like. Great recommendations.
4	Another gem to add to my downtown experience.  If you're into real local beer, this place is definitely worthwhile to check out.The staff here was awesome.   The guys were super cool and treated me and my buddies like we've been life long friends.Beer:  Wide array of selections and each with such a distinguishing taste.  I got the Mint condition which was a great beer,  El heffe which was very interesting (tasted like nacho beer lol), Perfect ten was also very nice and walk of shame was alright.  There were more choices and my buddy got the amarillo IPA which was awesome.The "flight" is a $7 sampler of 4 beers and is a great deal.  Decent amount of beer to try in each glass and finishing the flight will give you a nice buzz.  Overall: This place is hip, the service is cordial, the guys are a blast to talk to and the beer is great.
5	Beer! Beer! Lots of beer! And the owners and staff are friendly and knowledgable. So you should totally come in here and try some beers if you like beer. It's located next door to the Heart Attack Grill on Fremont St. You can get a pint or you can get a flight. We opted to try out 10 of their 12 beers that were currently on tap. They have lots of unique beers. The jalapeno hefe, Mint Condition (slightly fruity beer with a subtle hint of mint), Midnight Wheat, and Lemon Rang were some of my favorites. You can even take home a growler. And you can also purchase some of the fabulously delicious popcorn offerings from Popped to go with your beer.
5	Just outstanding craft beer. I honestly can't say enough good things about this place. All of their employees are, at minimum, level 1 Cicerones. So, you get an education along with your beer. The El Jefe and the Mint Condition were big highlights for me. Do not hesitate to visit this brewery. It's worth the trip to Freemont just to visit Banger.
5	Awesome!!! Choose the flight & then pick your fave. Great staff, knowledgable about beer ( obviously) & great customer service.
5	Just a great brewery! Always changing the beers and coming up with new stuff. Always a surprise when we come back... I love it here! Can't wait to see what they have next time. No food, but their gourmet popcorn is the BOMB!
5	Very nice selectionof beer. Anything from Pales to Watermelon wheats. Bartenders were very friendly and knowledgeable. Best beer bar in Downtown? Probably.
5	Pop in for a pint!Always one to sample at a brewery, we stopped in. Right off the bat I was glad we came. The walls were adorned with posters for their upcoming pet adoption fundraiser. Gotta love a place that cares and gives to the community!  We took a flight ($7) of 4, including their top seller, El Heffe, a jalepeno Heffe boasting 5 blended peppers. It is amazing!  If I could take a growler on the flight home I would. A light wheat pilsner with all the flavor of fresh peppers and no heat. Good stuff, super unique, so do not miss it!  Bartenders were very knowledgable, attentive, and helpful. Cool candlelit atmosphere.
4	I honestly don't know which I enjoyed more...the beer or the popcorn!  I was skeptical to try a new brewery on Fremont Street, but glad I did.  The beer was very good and what a broad and interesting selection of beers as well.  The sampler had a good range of beers, but I had to try and wasn't disappointed in the Dry Country Belgium Quad!  It was full bodied and the 11% snuck up on me nicely!Now the popcorn...not sure where they got it, who made it or what they sprinkle on it...but I'm pretty sure it's pure awesome!  I enjoyed the 4 which came with the sampler, but a few others in the group ordered additional flavors and all of them left me wanting more.I will now make Banger Brewing on of my typical stops on my frequent Fremont Street outings!
5	beer is delicious! staff is freakin' awesome! a must stop for any occasion!
5	This hidden brewery will soon be a favorite on the Fremont Experience walk. The staff is very helpful. Don't be bashful to ask questions, they will steer you to a delicious brew. Beer range from $6-12. I liked the smooth brown ale called DTB. My friend liked the Irish red ale called Rebellion Red. Ask for the hickory Carolinian brewtender for great service. If your nice to him he might take off his hat. Cheers!
4	Great selection of brews. Friendly staff. Located on Fremont Street. Finally some quality beer on Freemomt that isn't craptastic BudLight or similar pisswater.
4	Nice local brewery and a great addition to the Neonopolis area of Fremont. Banger is a pretty versatile taproom as it can be an intimate setting for a date night drink. The mood is set with small tables and barley filled oil candles burning in the low light. Or come in with all of your brew friends, pull some of those small tables together, order a couple of flights, different flavors of popcorn and enjoy the spectacle that is Fremont. I've done both and it's a perfect stop every time. On my most recent visit I had a pint of Hop Bang Boom. As an IPA fan, I enjoyed this dry hopped brew with the grapefruity smell it offered. At nearly 8% abv I called it quits after one draft but the Hop Bang Boom is one of my favorite options at Banger and I could easily consume multiple pints of this microbrew. (Provided I had a room or a DD.)Drink local.
5	Flight of downtown brown, perfect 10, el heffe, liquid courage all amazing...great bartender ...Try the  watermelon beer... Sit at the bar...be right in the action!!!
4	The beers I tried were just okay, there was nothing to set them apart from other craft beers.  Extra star for even attempting a craft beer spot in this location where everyone is trying to buy .50 Coors...or whatever people do, I don't know.They don't serve food, but you can bring your own food in.  Very friendly staff, happy to answer any questions you have.
4	Nice space and location. Great selection of beer styles, and none have disappointed. Friendly staff and atmosphere.
5	the beer was out of this world. from sandia beer to jalepeno beer. the most important thing for me is the beer and how the employees treat their customers. and they were great. very helpful and talkive and made you feel welcome. i really enjoyed the conservation we had with all bartenders. i highly recommend this place. it felt like a 30's and older crowded attended there. very cool.
5	How could I possibly exaggerate my love for the Banger Brewing Company.... I don't think it's possible! I met the Banger Brewers in 2012 at the most random place.... a wedding. They were serving their El Jeffe for the guests and I was hooked instantly. From that day forward I stalked the downtown Las Vegas area, watching month after month, waiting for this place to open. Now here it is, in all it's glory! Every time I come I find another new beer to love... brewed with passion.... and that's praise coming from a very picky beer drinker with a lot of flyer miles under his belt.  Banger has it down, if you like craft beer... you must go here.
5	4.5 stars. The dilemma of 4 or 5 stars is purely based on food. For a pure craft-beer experience this place is 5 stars. If you're looking for a meal to go along with the craft-beer you're out of luck (outside of bringing your own). They do have plastic cups if you take the beer to-go. The ambience and decor reminded me a little of Chipotle, mostly wood/metal, which is a positive in my book. I love that this place does growlers. I decided on my next camping trip to get a growler, but realized that I didn't know any places that could fill it outside of Total Wine. This place revived that idea back from the grave. I got the Hops Anonymous which was extremely hoppy. It was wonderful. I also got a sampler with the 9AM, El Jeffe, DTB, and the Cal-Bell (?). They were all great. The 9AM, El Jeffe, and Cal-Bell were amazing in taste, smoothness, and gravity.Didn't have any popcorn, but I can only imagine that it would pair with the beer pretty well. The location is pretty good as well, a little hidden behind the Heart Attack Grill (eww...). They've only been open since January so be sure to check back for new beers (monthly beers). Cheers.
4	A legit craft beer spot with friendly and knowledgable staffers.  If you're the fizzy yellow type or don't know (or care about) the difference between an IPA and an Imperial Stout, stick to the dollar Coronas and frozen daquiri footballs down Fremont Street.
4	No food served except popcorn, and a friend warned me that the popcorn isn't very good. No atmosphere -- a noisy warehouse, smells a bit of stale beer. I almost turned around and walked out. But so glad I didn't! Excellent beers. This place goes straight to number 1 on the list of Vegas's half-dozen craft breweries and brewpubs. Nice downtown location. Go visit the Mob Museum, then stop at Bangers for a couple flights (so you can try them all -- there are some real gems and they might not be the ones you would think). Then if you're hungry go get a slice at Pizza Rocks. What a night!
5	I love this place!!!!!!!!!! I cannot tell you how great our overall experience wAs. We are vegas locals new here and one of the owners gave us a full tour and story about how they made their beers there and how they got started. The beers were out of this world amazing get the flight so you can try them all. We loved the staff. Even when we were leaving the owner told us about all the great hikes and places to go in vegas. We most def will be back ASAP! Thank you!!!!
5	Was really impressed with this brewery! Excellent selection of beers in tap! Tap room was on location so you can feel confident your beer was fresh! The beers were excellent! Loved some of the names attached to the beer styles!The ambiance of Freemont St made this a great place to hang out and walk around after your flights! My only negative, as someone who visits Breweries often, was the beers were on the expensive side. $8 for a pint? Too much in my book!
5	Great location, staff and beer. I don't have to drive to San Diego for a great craft beer.
5	A small selection of guest taps and a solid offering of a handful of their own brews. The Imperial Stout was outstanding! The guys behind the bar might be having a little too much fun. Never stopped smiling or joking around.It was difficult to walk past Banger tonight, but I had a bottle of Firestone Stickee Monkee waiting for me at Oak & Ivory at the Downtown Container Park. Watch for a six-star review of that we hen possible!
5	Great beers and excellent service. Our bartender was Mariah and she was a fountain of information. She pointed out all the great places to eat in the area and recommended great beers!  Even though this place doesn't serve food, they have several menus from nearby eateries that will deliver to the bar. Highly recommend.
5	My favorite brewery! From the quality of the beer, to service, to the atmosphere.. everything is top notch! For the past year, it has been a routine for my girlfriend and me to stop by here for a brew when we first get into town. And in each visit, the bartenders and owners are always welcoming even if they are about to close. Their beer variety comes with a lot of creativity but always keeps a strong balance. I've tried most of the options on their list and can honestly say I haven't had a bad beer. From their signature tap, I really enjoy the El Hefe.. strong jalapeno spice but still has the sharp hef taste. The Simply Stout is probably one of the best stouts I've ever had. It's easier to drink than Guinness and has a great malty taste. Every visit, they always have a new concoction/experiment that never fails. Some notable brews: Apple Cinnamon Brown, PB & Chocolate Stout, & this wheaty Stout. The service is always great.. all the guys welcome you & give you a heads-up of what's new with the brewery. My dude, John is an excellent bartender. He knows the fine details of each brew and runs back and fourth to converse with each party.  One of the owners, Mark(the UFC fighter looking guy) is very humble and appreciates every customer trying their beers.If you have the time while in Vegas and are just looking for some fine craft beer, Banger will never disappoint!
4	Solid beer, love the selection.  Wish they had some better food, but its a brewery.  They just offer popcorn and beer, go here on a full stomach.  The beer is strong and delicious!  mmm mmm 4 star good.  glug glug beer!
5	Awesome brews. Check this place out if you are a local. Check this place out if you are in town for whatever. Go see Johnny Goggles. Tell em John sent ya.
2	its ok...their ideas for creative beer sounded interesting but nothing i would go back for. the only thing that actually interested me was their watermelon wit. idk why this place has so many stars. i actually really liked the atmosphere but not much more than that
5	My boyfriend and I were in for the first time last Saturday.  He had the IPA which he loved, I had the watermelon wheat which was also awesome.  Chris was our beertender and was fantastic and knowledgeable about the product. I think we finally found a good local brewery to frequent.  It's a must stop if you're downtown!
5	This is a super cool place :) staff is cool beer is legit!Hop bang boom is an excellent IPA.
5	Love this place. Super cool beer tour, really nice owners and a cool place to drink. Will definitely be back in the future.
5	Been here a few times, but my last visit was the best yet. Took my parents out for my dad's bday. The Rebellion Red and Ba-Dunkel were incredible. Staff is always very helpful and attentive. I wasn't the biggest fan at the grand opening, but they've really come around with some great beers. Great place for craft brew downtown.
5	Awesome beer!  We took a tour with one of the owners eddy and we had a blast.  They love their beer and it shows.  We definitely will be back when we return to Vegas.  We had the DTB and the El Hefe   What amazing beers.  We also had the flight,  every beer we had was amazing.
3	I've put off my visit to Banger long enough.  During the last sour beer festival at the Atomic, my friend and I decided to walk down to Banger and try all of their beers.  With a sample of 10 (11 with a Randalled version of their IPA), I have to say that the flight was hard to finish.  In fact, we didn't.I've done a lot of craft beer tasting in my beer drinking days, the bulk of which has been at Khoury's for the last 3-4 years.  I also homebrew primarily sour beers.  I suppose that makes me a beer geek.  Banger, unfortunately, does not join the ranks of breweries like Joseph James and Big Dogs in making me proud of my local brewing scene.  I appreciate the effort, but some of the beers just got to go.  The Kolsch and the watermelon wheat are just awful.  The rest of the flight was mediocre at best.  Their Perfect 10 was pretty good, and the only beer worth drinking.  Their Randalled IPA on Cascade hops was also very good, but this is how the IPA should taste normally.  This is the West Coast, after all, and if you can't make a good house IPA then you're doing it wrong.Sorry Banger, but the beers still need improvement.  As much as I love local beer and want to support this brewery, I can't see myself coming back until they make some improvements.
4	pretty good stuff though they couldn't remember to bring water ;-p
4	Good solid beer, get El Heffe (that's how they spell it) and "Live and Let Rye" good choices.
4	A brewery in the tourist district next to a place called Heart Attack Grill? My hopes weren't very high. What a great surprise- it turned out to be the best brewery I've found in Vegas. High quality brews, no matter what you try. These guys are focused on the craft of brewing, not cranking out swill. I scored everything I tried 4.0 out of 5 on both BeerAdvocate.com and Untappd. The staff knows their beers and do a great job of guiding customers to the best beer for their taste buds.
5	Great little brewery! Enjoyed it so much this afternoon I'm back again this evening. If you like good beer then Banger is a must!
5	This place is awesome! I wish I lived closer. All the guys here were super awesome/ friendly and very informative about the beer. They even stopped by to see which beers we were liking from out sampler and explaining why they had certain beers. This is a really cool place. I didnt hate any of their beers i tried which is a 1st for me there us usally one that i dont like.They had a cool beer called el hefe and it has a after taste/ hint of jalapeno. Perfect beer to have with nachoes! they should bottle there beers, id have it shipped to cali. This is a must stop on Fremont street!
5	The tour was awsome. Eddie described how they made their brews.  It was very interesting.   The have good beers on tap also.
5	My wifey brought me here for our 1 year anniversary, great surprise! Delicious beers, great informative staff, and friendly owners. If you love craft beer, come here! Will be back in December for the special barrel Quadruple. Save a bottle for me Eddie! Lol
5	Cool place. Good craft beers. Very relaxed atmosphere especially for the location. Manos the beerkeep was very cool and entertaining.  Will be coming back here for sure!
5	Really loved this place. The bar tender was fun and knowledgeable. I need to come back here again. I hope they do well. The place is clean and has modern. Nice!Oh hahahaha the beer was yummy!
4	No food; good beer; good service. Especially nice to escape the Freemont Street hype.
3	pretty nice place, good atmosphere and location. easy to get in and out of. they get knocks for the beer though and that's whet really matters...its like when you are making a recipe that calls for an ingredient that you love so you think if you just add more it will be that much better. that's what their brewmaster thinks too. way overspiced sir . tone what your putting into your beer back by a couple times and the subtle qualities will be great instead of hiting you upside the head.
5	The beer is really good and the staff is even better.Flights of beer.Have them show you the infused in the cooler.
3	I was so excited to see such a highly rated brewery in Vegas!! I should have remembered that it is hard to trust Yelp in two situations: Vegas and Breweries. I should have known! The second tip off should have been how empty this place was. We went and opened a tab hoping to stay awhile and grabbed a beer and a table. The beer was just nothing special. It wasn't particularly bad - I had no trouble drinking it - but I would never seek it out and I would only drink it again if someone bought it for me and it was too late to tell them not to. The atmosphere was boring for a brewery and so extremely lame for Las Vegas. I would suggest seeking out a place that has a great craft beer list if you want some good beer in Vegas, because this is definitely not worth your time. It definitely brought down the night overall. No food here either, which would definitely be fine if the beer was good! Do yourself a favor and skip it - with every thing else there is to do, it just doesn't seem worth the time.
4	Out of the three Fremont area breweries we visited, this is the one with the tastiest beers!  I tried the $7 sampler (4 beers). Thier IPA, Nightcap stout and seasonal pumpkin ale were all good, but my favorite was the Apple Hoppler, a malty brown ale infused with apples and cinnamon.  (I was worried it might be sweet, similar to a cider, but it's definately all beer!).
5	Best craft brewery we've been to in Vegas and in quite a while in general. Very friendly staff and great beer. All you could ask for.
5	Banger is no less than 5 star on every single visit. They create some phenomenal brew, have excellent customer service, are dog friendly AND non-smoking. How can they get any less than perfect ratings? Everyone here rocks. From the guys at the door checking id's, the bartenders who know their shit, to the owners giving tours, brewing beer and making sure everything is running smoothly, every single person I have encountered is a rockstar. They run lots of cool promotions that are definitely worth checking out. Happy hour runs Monday to Friday, 3-6 and features $5 pints. The brew here is WELL worth the $6-$8 price tag, but $5? Yes please! Sign me up for that. They have Banger Bingo on the first Wednesday of every month, periodically they have a "pints and paws" fundraiser and every Tuesday (my personal favorite) is 2 for 1 growler refills. Check this place out. Drink local. Drink Hop Bang Boom. Breath smoke free air. Eat dill pickle popcorn. Play Bingo. Bring your dog. Just get down here.
5	I try to avoid this part of Vegas...it being outdoors and ultra smokey is hazardous to my lungs. But...after having a disappointing dinner...we decided to take a stroll just to find this place. I was very surprised that there was a tasting room/brewery in the middle of old town Vegas but there it was. The staff was knowledgeable and pleasant...the beers were delicious. The standout for me was the cucumber beer...yes...I stated that correctly...cucumber beer. So refreshing...and very easy drinking....I'm looking forward to stopping by every time I'm in Vegas.
5	Fantastic beer, and the people working there were universally some of the most pleasant people you could hope to come across.  Worth a visit when you're downtown.  Good happy hour, too!  They take their beer and their customer service seriously, without being serious about it.Good beer recommendation, too.All positive things to say about this place.
5	This place is awesome, such a cool place and where it is at makes it even cooler. Have to try the beer sampler!!
4	I was really excited to try this place and i am glad i did. I'm a huge fan of IPA's so I had to try their "Hop bang boom." Let me tell you, this IPA Is way better than stone. I think it tasted very similar to a racer 5. I was impressed. We also tried the "El Jefe." It was good but not something that I was a huge fan of. It was pretty popular tho as I saw plenty of people order it. Overall, really small place but very cool enviromment with friendly staff. I'm going back next time I'm in Vegas.
3	Great Brews, extremely over priced on the Growlers. Ordered refills on two glass 64 Growlers, price? $48.00!I have never been charged this much for refills, not even close to this. I could have gone to Chicago Brewing Company and refilled for $8-12 per Growler, and would have if I would have known the damage up front. Maybe it was due to the location.Still, it was fabulous brew, loved it.
3	Great local brewery. Hop bang boom is one of the best IPAs. Service is great as long as James Manos isn't working at the bar. He was very unwelcoming and walked off to hang out with coworkers before finishing the transaction.
5	We purchased a flight with all of their beers. We could not find a beer that we did not like. The staff creat a fun and inviting atmosphere.
5	Really, really liked this place.  We came in on a Friday afternoon.  After being temporarily distracted by the spectacle that is the Heart Attack Grill next door (didn't eat, just gawked), we found the brewery.  It has a great atmosphere - very open and modern with TVs that they are happy to change to your sporting event of choice.  They have a menu of around 10 beers made in-house displayed on their chalkboard, plus a few extra guest pours.We went with 2 samplers of their 8 standard pours.  There honestly wasn't a bad beer in the bunch, we liked them all.  This coming from a pair of Pacific Northwest beer snobs!  After we finished, we decided to try their Belgian quads - one aged in the barrel, one not.  It was the perfect way to end our tasting because they were DELICIOUS.  The two guys that were serving us were super knowledgeable, and told us to let the quads warm up a tiny bit before tasting.  Their chiller has to be set at a certain temp to chill all the beers, but the quad is best enjoyed a few degrees warmer.  We did that, and they were right.  The flavors really opened up, and with the second beer you could really taste the bourbon barrel on the nose.  So good!  We were very tempted to go for seconds (thirds?) but decided at 12% that may not be a good idea.  You could really tell how passionate the owners/employees are about their craft here.  They are friendly and really know their stuff.  In any other city I think this place would've absolutely taken off already, but Las Vegas is a challenging environment to peddle alcohol without gambling.  Really hoping this place does well, and maybe even starts distributing one day.  Go give them a visit!!
5	Been here twice in Dec 2014:1) Sat/13 Dec- Free brewery tour, lasts about 25 min   http://bangerbrewing.com/tours/- I read (Vegas SEVEN?) that they had a Christmas special of buying a $100 gift certificate, get $140.  So I did their free brewery tour on Sat/13 and then bought the $100 gift card which came with the bonus $40.  Then I applied the $140 towards buying their $49 stainless steel growler (including a fill of beer, I opted for the award-winning El Jefe jalapeno beer) and $50 VIP tix to their 1 year anniversary party.2) Sat/27 Dec- Used my VIP tix for their 1 year anniversary- Had a great time.3) This is my favorite brewery in Vegas and the staff (Chris, Maria...) and Eddie (a co-owner) are great folks.  Will be back many a times.
4	Beer me! As a former San Diego resident I was spoiled by all sorts of tasty locally brewed beers. Fortunately for me, and you, Banger Brewery bangs out (pun totally intended) some pretty tasty brews! Discretely nestled in the middle of old Fremont Street, this unassuming spot is an awesome place to kick back with friends in a casual atmosphere. With an average of 10-12 speciality brews on tap you're sure to find something to satisfy your mood. Traveler's tip: you can bring back your favorite brew in their nifty, specially designed growlers that are FAA approved. Score!!!
