4	I lunched here today with a coworker. The decor and atmosphere are delightful. The food was delicious! I ordered the chicken with basil lunch special (lvl 4 spicy). My friend had the green curry chicken (lvl 7 spicy). I will order it more spicy next time, but the dish was very flavorful, fresh and delicious. The egg roll and the fried wontons were standard, nothing special. The soup of the day was nice and refreshing, although one bite of the big chunk of ginger was a bit overpowering. We weren't told the name of the soup, but it was in a broth with chicken, lemongrass and veggies. The lunch specials were a deal at 6.95 each, and the portions are not skimpy! I will return here soon!
4	I had a very similar experience to Jill C.'s.  I also had the Basil Chicken lunch special and I thought it was great, also great was the $6.95 price.  I ordered the level 5 spiciness and it really wasn't hot at all.  I will definitely keep this place in my lunch spot rotation.
4	Great Thai food! Been to Thailand many times and this is the real deal!
4	I have eaten in once and I had take out again tonight - about the 6th time I've had Thai food from here.  It is wonderful!  I really like the place, but since it's so close to my house and my wife doesn't do Thai, I get her Chinese on West Charleston and then bop over here to get my dinner for home.I have been through all of their curries.  I usually get an 8 spiciness and I could go higher.  Next time, I'll do 9 for a try.I really enjoyed the one time I ate in.  The restaurant is very nice.
4	This place is consistently great.  I've been here for lunch and dinner and enjoyed it every time.For lunch, I definitely recommend ordering off the lunch section on the back of the menu.  Food is great and the price is a good deal.For dinner, I recommend starting out with the Tom Yum soup.  Noodles are fantastic, as are the curries, and the fried rice is delicious.  The only disappointing thing I've had was the shrimp roll appetizer.  It was whole shrimp wrapped in rice paper and deep fried, which was not at all what I was expecting.One thing to note is Archi's has a few restaurants around town and the numeric scale they use to tell how spicy you want a dish is not consistent.  A 4/10 at one location is more like an 8/10 at another.
4	Consistent. Love coming here for casual dining. Very clean, friendly. The food is spot on. This time around had the ginger, ginger beef and curry pandang wit chicken. It was delicious. Great Thai food!
4	When my youngest son and his fiancee brought me here yesterday for Lunch... I thought to myself as I walked in.... "I've been here before... but when?". They tried to bring me here last year when I was visiting, but Archi's Thai was closed that day... They took me to another place... and was extremely disappointed. As you can see by the rating, Archi's was a pleasant surprise and very good Thai cuisine... judging by the Lunch Specials.As I told the kids... Archi's is deserving of 5-Stars for the sampling of the Lunch Special... and if the Dinners were as good and consistent as the Lunch Special that I had.Atmosphere is most unlike Southeastern Asian.... The decor is set in medium dark woods... furniture is French Provincial in style... pictures are, surprisingly, of Thailands French Colonial days with framed pictures of their former Royalty in Thailand of days gone by. You will be surprised by this atmosphere... a little of French Colonial in an Asian restaurant.On the menu....Tom Yum Soup (**** Complimentary) Lemongrass, Lime Leaves and Blue Ginger infused Broth, Mushrooms, Tomatoes and Lime Juice... sprinkled with Cilantro and Green Onions. For a smallish 3" diameter cup / bowl... this Soup could be considered Thailand's version of Chinese Hot and Sour Soup. Dang good... but left me wanting more... but it's complimentary.Lunch Special #4 - Red Curry Dish with Beef (***** $6.95 Shrimp-$7.95) Fresh Red Curry Paste in Coconut Milk with Zucchini, Bamboo Shoots (a lot of 'em), Basil, and Bell Peppers. When you order this... the wait-staff will ask you the degree of Hot-ness that you want your Soup (from 1 to 10... with 1 being a lack of Heat and 10 being Super Hot)... I was considering ordering the Soup with a 10... My son and his fiancee looked at me quizzically or amazingly. They really tried to convince me to reconsider.... I tried this tactic... I asked the waitress... "If you ordered this, what number would you order?" She replied with a 6. So, I compromised.... 8.When the Soup came out, The Soup was accompanied by a very small Green Salad which was totally inconsequential considering it's size; a Thai Egg Roll (***)... I really don't like totally Veggie Egg Rolls, and a thinly fried Won-Ton (****). This was just a small sampling of from their extensive menu.The Red Curry Soup was something else altogether... As you travel West across SouthEast Asia... you'll notice that the Asian countries will be more influence by Indian Cuisine as you travel. This Soup was silky smooth from the Coconut Milk and the Red Curry gave it a warm color and unique flavor that only Curry can impose. Coconut based Soups are some of my very favorite. If I had to penalize the Soup for any reason, it would be for the amount of Bamboo Shoots... just too much. Otherwise, something you should try whether it be a Lunch Special or at Dinner.Lunch Special #5 - Spicy Basil Dish with Beef (***** $6.95) Stir Fried with Zucchini, Bell Peppers, Garlic, Chili and Fresh Basil. This was a sampling that my son's fiancee obligingly gave me to try.A very delicious Stir-Fry with Ground Beef. I will try this next time... whenever that may be.Wait-Staff was very friendly, helpful. I asked the waitress how the smallish chain came to be named Archi's... She said Archi was the nickname of the owner, who started his restaurants seven years ago. This location started up two years ago taking over a Pick-Up-Stix franchise that went bust. She also said the owner usually is at the Rainbow location ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/archis-thai-kitchen-and-thai-bistro-las-vegas ) since that was the original restaurant and is quite larger in size.One other advantage of this location is the proximity to my favorite Cinema in Las Vegas... the Regal Village Square 18 ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/regal-village-square-18-las-vegas ). Archi's would be a good pre or post movie visit.BTW, Archi's has been rated the Best of Las Vegas 2005-2007.
4	Good chicken Tom Kha--great broth and the chicken had little to no fat, but it had that stale chicken flavor that I hate...the tinge smell--that almost ruined it but great broth!  The pad seayou chicken was great--- so so good!  It was better than the beef by far!  Generous portion of Thai iced teas, and clean and good service.  I will be back--hopefully often but I am always scared of chicken that's of fresh.
4	We've been going to the Archi's locations for awhile a couple years now and like in any location that we go to, I usually stick to our "usual" (Tom You Shrimp w/ white rice & calamari) because I have a fear called-- disappointment and I hate it. But I've been trying to get over my fears and one day we decided to venture outside of the usual. Our newest discovery was the Papaya Salad. Shredded Papaya with a sweet chili flavor type sauce and leaves of lettuce. My husband loves spicy food, so he gets (from a scale of 1-10) a 6, as for me, I am a fricking wimp when it comes to heat in my food so, I usually have a few bites and eat the crap out of the lettuce since it's mostly water and it's super refreshing! Other than the Papaya Salad, the food is like any other Thai restaurant and can assist with any fix that you're looking to get for Thai food. The thing that differentiates Archi's from other Thai restaurant is the fact that they pay attention to detail through service and presentation. Pure white plates and carved garnishes are usually small indicators that they care about- presentation. The decor of the restaurant is very modernized. Walking towards Archi's the first time, you'd assume that the place was as plain as the exterior of the restaurant... Not at all true. Boo! No refills on Thai Ice Tea!! Some restaurants refill, some don't and Archi's does not. That's the only reason why I knocked one star off.
3	Great lunch specials. Nice location. Red curry is tasty good, Thai-Tea is classic.
4	So Archi's turned out to be a hidden gem after going there for the first time, I thought the food was decent but not spicy as I had ordered. I LOVE spicy food- the hotter, the better. I know most people think they like spicy food and when you give them a mildly hot dish they start crying like a baby. Which is why I always order my dishes at the highest spice level a restaurant serves. And so, my first visit to Archi's I did as such and was disappointed by the lack of heat. I mentally crossed them off my checklist of my favorite Thai spots....  A month later I was craving Thai and Archi's is literally a block from my house so I gave them another try. After the first 5 bites of food, I was breathing FIRE!! I couldn't believe the extreme turn around of spiciness level and I absolutely loved it! Archi's has now become one of my top favorite Thai places and I know I can count on them to live up to my expectations. I work in a smoky bar and when I get home from work I usually feel sick to my stomach from breathing in second-hand smoke all day. The Tom Yum with chicken (level 10) always does the trick to make me feel better or cure a hangover. I also LOVE the Pad Pak w/chicken (lot's of delicious veggies with choice of meat), Garlic Pepper Chicken, and Red Curry. The only think I don't care for is the Pad Thai at this place. It's reddish orange for some reason....??
2	This place used to be really great prior to their expansion.  They are just ok.  The foods never persistent.  Different cooks, several locations = Avg quality.
3	I recommend the chicken pad thai, tom ka soup and yellow chicken curry.  The food is authentic and the service is ok!
4	Great Thai food!!!  Their curries and pad thai are among the best I have ever had!  Love that you can choose your own spiciness temperature for each dish, which many Thai restaurants don't offer!  They also have great Thai Ice Tea.Great and convenient for take out!
4	I wanted to grab a bite to eat before seeing a late night movie next door. We arrived around 8:30 pm so I thought whatever I get should be light. Then I thought again ...I'll order a side of Pineapple Fried Rice just in case. My husband ordered the Thai Beef Salad which has grilled top sirloin, tomatoes, red onion, cucumber, green onion, cilantro, and hand-tossed in spicy lime dressing . That salad never lets me down..it always turns out really good. I ventured away from my usual chicken curry dishes and wanted to also order a salad. I chose the Papaya Salad that had sliced green papaya, tomatoes, green beans, peanuts, dried shrimp, and spicy lime dressing. When I read it on the menu my eyes failed to see the dried shrimp. I was picturing nice big juicy shrimps on top of that salad. When they served it I thought "Maybe I forgot to mention the shrimp" ..because I couldn't see them. I started eating the salad and my husband starts eating it too. Then I tasted the little dried up shrimps which are smaller than the peanuts so they are barely noticeable. I dare not say a word because my husband loathes mostly all seafood and he already ate half of of the dish! It was a nice crunchy salad because of the papaya but I didn't mind. If I were to get this again I would have them leave out the dried shrimp because I'm not a fan of it. I also had my safe Pineapple Fried Rice which has Jasmine rice, stir fried with tomatoes, onion, green onion, pineapples, cashews, raisins, egg and cumin powder. It's a nice melody of flavor that blends nicely together. I had to stop myself from taking more than a few bites so I wrapped the rest of it for lunch for the next day. We ended with the Mochi Ice Cream which comes with three flavors we chose Red Bean, Green Tea and Strawberry for my husband.( He has a hard time trying new things) I always enjoy the ambiance here because it's relaxing and the food is delicious!
4	Im a fan for the food, not the service. We got seated fairly quickly, however, it took about 5 minutes for someone to come to our table for the first time. Eventually I ordered the Pad Thai lunch special with a #2 spice level. (Spice levels range in 1-10, with 10 being the hottest) Which came with soup of the day, which our waitress neglected to inform us of, a wonton, an egg roll and of course the main dish. When the soup arrived it was OK. I asked the waitress what it was and she said coconut milk something or rather. And thats all....while the broth was good, the ingredients werent. There were thee brown hard circles, chicken, something that looked like lettuce or cabbage, green onions (I think) and carrots. I wasnt impressed. Then our main dish came out. The Pad Thai was a little too spicy for my liking and way to peanuty. I ended up only eating the wonton and egg roll and having to order a whole other meal. That was annoying. I ordered the fried rice in place of the Pad Thai and it was amazing. Thats what I go to Archi's for in the first place. The down side is I ended up paying basically $16.00 for fried rice due to me not liking my first order, they wouldnt take it off my bill. In summary: I would go again, not during lunch, and play it safe with items ive ordered there before.
4	I am not really a Thai food enthusiast; however, my boyfriend is and I have heard great things about this place so I wanted to give it a try. The place was very busy during lunch hour but we were immediately seated. We both ordered $6.95 Lunch specials which is really a great deal of food for the price. His red curry was fantastic! My Kung Pao chicken was just ok. All the other food with the meal was delicious. I will go back again but will stick with ordering curry.
4	love Thai food.  we tried this place one random night the husband was away for work.  las vegas is a large grid.  so going down one main exit street could take hours to find the end.  we just moved here so we drove down 215 and found an exit to travel down one such street and chance stumbling upon a restaraunt we wanted to eat at.  again, the streets can go on forever as ever.  we were almost toour own street [buffalo] so we had to decide fast.. we came upon a plaza that had a jollie bee, a fancy shmancy, a couple other things... and archi's thai cafe.   though I told the kids they could pick what they wanted, I came out the winner in this game.  again, I love Thai food.theirs lots of parking.. the decor is very traditional thai and is a really good sized restaurant with lots of seating.  our waitress was friendly and though it was busy.. she never forgot about us.the order:appetizer- stuffed chicken..  [wow]  the kids loved it..  my son, who doesn't often venture from the norm,  loved  this dish a lot.  super good..i had my usual yellow chicken curry mildly spiced and i they had an excellent curry..won ton soup- the won tons were juicy and the broth flavorful.. the vegetables and slices meat slices were plentiful.  it definitely did not disappoint.shrimp fried rice- comes with a lot!  it's tasty.after trying archis for the first time..  i'm a fan!will definitely try the one closer to our house.. not sure when i'll ever see this particular location again.. but if i were closer i'd probably be a regular!
4	Archi's is my current favorite Thai restaurant in town, and I have tried many including Thai Spice, Komol, Lotus of Siam, Thai BBQ, Pin Kaow, Marnee Thai, Promarres, King & I, Panna Thai, Tipps, and Basil 'n Lime. This is their 3rd and newest location.We usually get the Pad See-Ew, Pad Thai, Spicy Eggplant, and sometimes a Thai Iced Tea. My wife also loves their Green Papaya Salad and enjoys their various curry dishes. For the spicy dishes, they will ask you how spicy you want it on a scale of 0 to 10. We usually go with "2" because their "3" can be extremely hot, as in sweat-inducing, nose running-like-a-river hot! I can't even fathom what a "10" might be like. Their prices are very reasonable except I do get annoyed when they charge you $1 for a small bowl of rice without letting you know ahead of time. Pet peeve, I know.What distinguishes this place from most other Thai restaurants (and the original location) is the warm, clean, and contemporary interior. You feel like you are dining in an upscale restaurant instead of a hole-in-the-wall joint. Service is typically friendly and efficient.The combination of quality food at reasonable prices, solid service, upscale ambience, and as an added bonus its proximity to home make this our go to place for Thai. Well done, Archi, well done.
5	I've been a regular here and always get the pad Thai or their curry dishes. I wish I had know of yelp! since I had my iPhone!
3	Pretty good Thai food. I had the only curry that doesn't use a coconut milk base, I believe they called it "country style".  It was in a chicken broth.The country style curry had a nice savory broth and plenty of heat (I ordered it hot). The shrimp were plump and juicy.  I would have preferred more and different veggies.The atmosphere was pretty nice and the service was good if a little rushed seeming.Bottom line?  I'd go back but they're not high on my list of Thai places in Vegas.
1	The service was horrible and the food was mediocre at best. I waited 25 minutes after ordering for my bland portion of prik king to come out. After eating, it took another 10 minutes for them to actually notice and bring over my bill. Will not be returning.
4	I am a big fan of Thai food, so when I moved here, I saw a whole bunch of Thai Restaurants that didn't impress me much. I happened to accidentally stumble upon Archi's Flamingo location by turning into that parking lot since i couldn't make a U-turn. I decided to give it a go a week later with my auntie and I was impressed. The atmosphere inside the restaurant is warm and inviting, something about it makes you feel like you belong there. I dunno, it's weird. I got there a little after lunch time started and it wasn't that busy. I was greeted by two waitresses and they were very friendly. The menu has a pretty good selection, and most dishes you have the choice of what type of meat (or shrimp) that you want. I pretty much just looked for what I know, and ordered it up. My auntie ordered the Pad Thai with Chicken, i ordered the Curry and we shared a plate of Papaya Salad. YUMMY. It was so good, the curry had a nice balance of spiciness and creaminess with a touch of sweetness. The papaya salad was good too, when we ordered it they ask how spicy you want it. Well, other places you go to, when you say spicy it's usually just mild. HA HA. No, not in this case, it was so spicy we had to take it to go and work on it another time! :) But my favorite dish, till this day is the Pad Thai. It has such a RICH flavor to it, and when you receive it, YOU mix the noodles, sprouts and peanuts yourself. :) So far, I'm liking it, I will be back hopefully next time to try out more dishes!
4	I never knew I'd love eating catfish orr curry. I guess archi's has given me a reason to. It's called chu-chi here and it has both curry and catfish in one dish. I get it at level 7 cus I love the spices from Thai cuisine. We always have celebrations here or sometimes just roll deep for no reason. I'd say it's prolly the last great thing standing at village square, besides the movie theater next door.
3	Woohoo!  It's Friday night.  You know what that means.  Mommy's off kitchen duty.  ;)  Time for takeout!  I had a craving for Thai so we turned to yelp for a recommendation.  We ordered the Tom Yum soup, Pad Thai, and Panang curry.  We ordered spicy level 5 for all three but the soup was spicier than a 5.  Maybe more like a 7-8.  The pad thai and panang curry were pretty good.  I wish the curry had more a bit more curry...didn't seem to have much liquid but I liked how it had green beans.  When we ordered they told us it'd be 30 minutes.  Hubby went to pick it up after 30 minutes and he still had to wait another 10-15 minutes.  While he was waiting he spoke to a few other patrons who were waiting to be seated/pick up their orders and many of them said they've often had to wait an additional 30 minutes to pick up their orders.  And he said the place was packed with maybe six tables worth of people waiting to be seated.  I guess dinner options in Summerlin are pretty limited.  I think the food is worthy of a 3.5.  I'm going to give it another try and reevaluate.
4	My first time coming here for a friends Bday and to think I've been tolerating and spending my time at Original Thai BBQ and not have known about Archi's this whole time.  Best Thai dish I've had in Vegas and service is great also.Friend recommended the Chee Choo catfish in curry sauce. Ordered medium spicy which was not at spicy at all but other than that it still had the right touch of flavor and the curry sauce was good. But after trying out my friends spicy beef eggplant, it made me wish I ordered that instead.
3	I was looking for a Sprint store and remembered there being one near Ft Apache and Sahara, but I arrived too late and they were already closed.  So I decided to check out Rising Sun Sushi, which is supposedly located in the same strip mall (sign is still up), but after driving around the entire strip mall and not seeing any sign of Rising Sun and finding Archi's Thai Cafe next to the movie theater I decided to check out their dinner menu.The restaurant itself looks nice, the dining area is split into 2 sections (at least), as I was directed to a corner table in the smaller more secluded dining section closest to the parking lot.  I was hoping to be seated in the main area, but whatever.  They have a few waitresses and 1 waiter, and I am not sure if they take turns in getting customers/tables, but I ended up with the waiter that still have a lot to learn about getting better at being a waitperson in a restaurant. If the number of guestcheck holders in their apron is a direct count of the number of tables they are currently assigned, then I would say he has 3 tables to look after while I was there, and he was overwhelmed with just those 3 tables.  After I ordered and the food was served (by a different waitress), he did not come by to check up on the table until I was practically done eating, and it took forever (at least 5 minutes, but most likely not more than 10 minutes) to have him come by again to pick up the money.  This while at least 10 people were eying me sitting there waiting, while they wait for a table to be freed up so they can get seated and order some food.Anyway, moving on to the food.  I have tried the curries before, and I thought about trying something new.  Sukiyaki (Thai Style) was what i ended up ordering, and I was thinking a Japanese Sukiyaki with Thai ingredients.  Completely wrong imagery!  What I ended up with was a bowl of Thai noodle soup that I remember eating at one of the street food vendors when I was a kid in Bangkok.  The flavor was the same as what I vaguely remembered. It was served piping hot (good), with lots of vegetables (sure why not), a lot of pieces of chicken and 2 shrimps, plus a side of chili paste (cool, you can adjust how spicy you want).  But still I thought that item was overpriced for what it really is, and I will not order it again.The Thai Iced Coffee is still large, and I think is worth the price of admission, and still very enjoyable.  I sometimes feel like just ordering that to go, if I am too lazy to shop at one of the Asian supermarket that sells them premade in cans or as a mix.Overall:Service: 2/5Food: 3.3/5Price: 2/5 (For their Sukiyaki - Thai Style)Atmosphere: 4/5This location is not recommended if you want to try Archi's and staying on the Strip, as their W. Flamingo location would be closer, and my experiences there have always been a good one. But if you live near this location, by all means drop by and try any of their curries.
5	Archi's is by far my  favorite Thai restaurant in Vegas. I've been coming here with friends for the past couple years now and the food here is to die for. You can get your food however spicy you want it ranging in a scale of 1-10 of how spicy you want it. I've always left this place with a smile. They have great service and three convenient location here in Las Vegas. Definitely a place to go for some good Thai eats.
5	3 words: YELLOW CHICKEN CURRY. The curry is not a paste thick sort but rather a mixture of  sweet and spicy yumness! The spices in this dish are not overwhelming at all and they provide a taste like no other. Like most curry dishes you have to choose a spicy range from 1 to 10. I love spicy food and let me tell ya, 7 is pushing it but I've tried 8 and while it is very spicy, you can still taste well enough to enjoy the dish. So far everything I've tried has been delicious from Pork Phad Thai to their Tofu soup to Tom Kha Shrimp. If I had anything bad to say about Archi's it would be that their fried rice is mediocre, I've most definitely had better fried rice before, but its not terrible- just bland.  Make sure to try the Thai Tea with your meal- DELICIOUS! :)For some reason this location is hidden away like some redheaded step child. Its a tiny location in the Village Square shopping center, but once you find it and go inside you will find a warm and friendly environment. This location is always clean and ready to serve. The staff is so friendly- I once picked up some take out and  the waitress offered me a drink  while I waited (which wasn't long).
5	Lots of times when people say they like Thai food that sometimes means their talking about the Pad Thai. lol I'm one of them~Anyways I love coming here EVERYTIME I eat here I am satisfied and happy. Service-excellent fill up my drink all the time and food comes out fastfood- oh yes. hmm....spicy eggplant. yes try it. try try try. any food that comes out of their kitchen is the bomb. It might be a illogical fallacy but whatevs. Archis make good food all the time ;deal with it
5	We love Thai Food and Archi's is where we go for our fix. It's definitely spicy though so those of you who think you can handle the 5 may want to rethink it if you want to taste your food. I'm typically a 5 but usually go with a 3 here. Just the right amount of hot.
5	Archi's always delivers! This was my first time at this location and I gotta say I like the other locations better. This one is much bigger (read- more busy/crowded) and the service left something to be desired. But once we dropped a hint the main guy, things went alot more smoothly. HIGHLY recommend the red curry and the papaya salad. Just a warning the salad was WAAY spicier than I expected, so be conserved on the level you ask for. Also got the flat noodles with chicken- pretty solid. I highly recommend Archi's to anyone and everyone!
1	After reading all the raves about how good this place was I decided to try it. This place is the epitome of American style Thai food. Why ?Well , for starters, the chicken satay is dark meat and fried. Need I say more ? In fact , I think it was twice fried because it was like eating leather.I've had satay in about 20 different places....always grilled white meat. I could go on and rip this place to hell, but why bother ?With a name like Archi's no doubt Jughead is running this place....
4	My friend Susan is always draggin me around to try new things.. I was a little hesitant to try it... but she was driving . We sat down and ordered. I ordered Pad Thai and She ordered Pineapple fried rice.Then we did what our Momma's taught us and Shared our dinners with each other. Truly good food. I was very impressed with the textures and flavors of the pineapple fried rice. the Pad Thai was not overly hot, and was pleasant on the palateDefinitely gets added to the MUST TRY AGAIN list.
4	My third favorite of the three Archi's locations around town. It's the farthest from me, so therefor the one I frequent least. All my same favorite dishes apply to this location. Curries, noodles, soups and eggplant are always my favorite. I still steer clear of the chicken dishes. Pork, tofu, catfish and shrimp are the way to go usually.My Thai obsession knows know boundaries and Archi's (all locations) is always there to feed the addiction. Cheap, clean, good service and food. That's all I ask for in a great restaurant and Archi's delivers every time. I don't order drinks here either. I hate having to pay for refills. Only my favorite Archi's on Rainbow has a fountain.Good for the location and especially right before or after the movies.
4	High quality, VERY authentic (I lived in Thailand 2+ years), great atmosphere and wait staff.  The only reason I give this a four instead of five is that the menu is a little shallow and uninspired
4	Very cheap authentic Thai in a nicely appointed dining room.  I liked the spicy basil beef.  They also have a great coconut soup with shrimp.  Definitely home made and tasty.Go as spicy as you can handle or keep it mild!  Gooood Food!
5	Been this location 3X plus 2 others. Hidden deep in rear of lot next to movie theater on NW corner.  Pad Thai noodlesw/shrimp combo, spicy eggplant, Kung Pao w/pork, Pineapple fried rice,  All delish! I got level 4-5 spice and do not consider that to hot, but I like bold, spicy food. If you don't get zero heat or only 1.  The Thai iced tea is so good and different. Tea but rich and spicy, creamy and you get a huge glass.  I recommend you tell the waitress to go light on the ice but am hooked on it and going to beg for the recipe. This is not for people in a hurry on a 30 min lunch. Everything is custom cooked, hot, fresh and delicious. You get your choice of meat w/each dish and choose your heat level. The lunch combo includes a side of greens, spring roll and cup of soup with your entree all for about $7-$9 depending on your meat choice. Good for Vegan's too.  Best Thai I've found!
4	My favoriteThai restaurant in Summerlin area .Price reasonable, clean,service fair. I love Pad se ew, beef with broccoli, thai tea and pad thai.
3	Came in for lunch. Such a cute place.soft instrumental music playing. Clean big comfy chairs, but the food took a while. The service was poor, but I enjoyed their food.
4	Awesome service.Awesome location.Solid atmosphere.Excellent food!Been here for lunch and for dinner and it rocked both times.  All very very good: Red Curry Chicken, Spicy Basil (both Beef and Chicken) and Pad Thai.  Fresh spring rolls are just so-so but thats not because of Archi's.. they are always just so-so anywhere.Hot rating runs a little hot from my experience... a 4 here is like a 6 at other places but its still super good.Don't miss this place, the great food or the great service.
4	Pyaar Indian Restaurant a few stores down...Y U WEBSITE SAY U HAVE BUFFET MONDAY BUT U NO OPEN MONDAY?!?!Maybe it was for the best...Original plan was to hit up Pyaar for indian buffet and get some spice and flavor on. Too bad it was closed but this couldnt have worked out better as a vast majority of people leaving their parked cars were migrating toward Archi's.Shapow man ordered a beef salad which came real quick. My red curry lunch special took it's sweet time but what lacked in readily available made up in mmmm mmmm good.The soup that is included with the lunch special was kind of a thai american fusion. It was chicken soup but was thickened and egg dropped. Thick cuts of onion, carrot slivers, and celery with decent sized slices of chicken white meat.I was overall impressed with the red curry. Medium wasnt quite as spicy as i was expecting ordering a medium but it had a very pleasant creaminess from the coconut milk. Lots of bamboo shoots which i love. Salad was perfectly dressed with a thickened fish sauce (i think) based dressing. Overall everything on that plate was friggin good.Total damage done between an order of the red curry lunch special, a beef salad, and a cranberry juice: 21.49Wait....what? the total damage rung up to twenty one fiddy?? Oh hells no i'm bout to come back a few more times.
4	Not lotus of siam, but it'll do for the west side
5	Archi's is THE BEST Thai Food in Las Vegas. Honestly it might be the best I've had anywhere. The Sahara location is jsut as nice as all the others, and a little less crowded.Do yourself a favor and go here as often as possible!
5	Delicious food at reasonable prices has my family coming back over and over again. I usually order the massaman and thai iced tea. They do charge $1.50 for extra rice, which perplexes me because they expexct three adults to share one scoop of rice, but whatevs. The service is fast, even when it is busy.
4	Great place. The food here is wonderful at a great price. The only Thai in summerlin with a 4 star in my book
4	Good food, reasonable prices and clean, almost swanky atmo. I had papaya salad, tofu panang and some kind of delicious coconut soup...I ordered it a 7 on the spiciness scale of 1-10, and it was perfect. I would definitely come here again...
5	This place is AMAZING, to say the least. I've been looking for amazing Thai food, and thanks to some friends, I found it. We ordered about 7 different dishes, and they were ALL delicious.You will definitely find me here.
5	Yummy!!! Had the panang curry and pad ke mao noodles 7/10 spicy and they made it vegetarian for us! Delicious found a fav by the house.
5	we eat here once a week with our three kids best larb chicken salid on the planet
3	i wasnt as impressed as i thought i would be. The food was good but i think I was expecting more based on the great reviews. I didn't care for the fresh spring roll, it was not like any other fresh spring rolls I've ever had. It was more like a sausage roll with some veggies and glass noodles rolled in a dough. The silver noodle salad medium spicy was good.
5	My go-to place for thai food :) Although it's kinda far from my house, I still like to come here whenever I want thai food.I have tried green, red, and panang curry, pad thai, pad kee mao, pad see ew, tom yum kong, pineapple fried rice. All of them are amazingly good.The portion is pretty decent for the price too.Service is decent, the waiter/waitress always have a smile on their face, which is a good thing.Definitely worth a try :)
4	I have been a fan of this place for about 4 years. I finally got my husband to eat here and he is hooked! We both love the pad Thai which is super yummy. I also really like the Yellow curry with sticky rice. If you enjoy spicy foods this is your place cause they don't mess around when it comes to spicy!
4	Tried Archies cafe for the first time. The service was great and the food was the best Tai food I've had so far. I ordered the Pad Tai 6 on the spicey scale and it could have been a little hotter. It is a great atmosphere and overall a great restaurant.
4	I love Thai food!  There are Thai places that I like one item here or there more than Archi's, but there is not a Thai place I can find that has a better overall menu.They have my favorite pad kee mao (sometimes called drunken noodles) here.  In addition to the food, the service is always great at all of their locations.
4	They got the best food out of all the Archie's I been in but their servers don't really check on customers when they get busy. I see them standing around a lot making the orders come out slow. And some servers only get nice when its time to pay the check and determining how much tips to give them. BUT other than that, service is okay, food is amazing especially their PAD THAI.
3	So, I'm pretty much ALWAYS in the neighborhood/general vicinity of this place, it's also been there for close to four years and yet as a lover a Thai food I STILL haven't tried this place? I hit up Buldogi's, Jollibee and Pyaar (R.I.P.) long before I even bothered to check this place out. Could it be living across the street from Basil n' Lime? I really don't know.So I finally did check the place out. What a wise decision. :)This may seem a little underwhelming to some because I had Pad Thai. I know, I know, too "Americanized," but that's the very dish that eased me into trying and loving Thai food, and to this day I feel the only way l I can trust a Thai restaurant is if they do Pad Thai right. Anyways, on to how I felt about the Pad Thai. It came out in a HUGE plate, and they don't skimp on the meat (a very good thing since Basil n' Lime is starting to get skimpy with the meat in their Pad Thai). It was fresh, and of course it would be ridiculous to expect Pad Thai to not be greasy at all, but the grease was at a minimum, which was great. No groggy, increased blood pressure feeling afterward. The only issue I had with the pad thai was a few too many glass noodles, they really could have cut back on that (and looking at other plates around the restaurant it seems like they smother EVERYTHING in glass noodles) In addition to the Pad Thai, I also had the Thai spring rolls. These definitely could have used a little more seasoning, but they were fine when dipped in the sweet chili sauce on the side.The service wasn't very attentive unfortunately, I had to flag people down for pretty much everything, and the fact that the restaurant wasn't even that crowded made it even weirder. The dining floor is very nice though. Small but cozy feeling, not cramped. The ambiance is also in a sort of middle ground between casual and formal. The decor was also very in character (with the exception of the small Budda (not Buddha) statue on the front table....wtf?). The chairs were uncomfortable though, just saying. My bill came out to be about $13. At B n' L, it would be almost $16 or $17 for a similar meal, so that's one pro Archi's has over them.THE FINAL VERDICT:Pros:Fresh food.Reasonably priced.They didn't screw up the pad thai, a good enough pro in of itself.Cons:Iffy service.Too many glass noodles in everything.Uncomfortable chairs, so it's probably better to do take-out.The wtf?:Is the fat Buddha (appropriately known as Budai) apart of Thai culture at all?Suggestions:Be more conservative with the glass noodles. You only need a little bit of them for some crunch in the food, since they don't have much of a flavor on their own. Will I return? I'm really not sure.
1	I will never ever ever eat here again for as long as I live!!!!!!!   My brothers thought it'd be a good idea to take me here for dinner since I lived in AZ and there is no thai restaurants in my town.   They had been here before and said it was really good.  But OMG it was a big mistake.  about an hour after we ate here we just started vomiting and we got severe diarrhea that lasted for 3 straight days.  I mean it was non stop, so severe in fact that on the first night I slept on the bathroom floor next to the toilet.   I know it was this food that made us very ill....   This is why I don't recommend this restaurant to anyone, cuz I have nothing good to say about it.  Even our waitress was so rude that night.       "EAT HERE AT YOUR OWN RISK."....   This place traumatized me so, that i'm afraid of going to eat thai food.   This place SUCKED!!!!!
5	What a great restaurant.  The food was delicious and so very reasonably priced.  We had pineapple curry with pork, pad prik king (spicy green beans) with chicken, vegatable chow mein, white and brown rice.  We each had two beers and the check was a very reasonable $53 with tax.  Plus there was enough left over for lunch one day this week.  The service was right on target, the food hot and delicious.  What more could one ask for?  Really great meal.
2	2 visits, 2 stars.  OK, so for the good and the not-so-good:I had eaten here for a late lunch and had the Tom Yum / Shrimp Seafood soup and hot tea.  I liked that you can control the spice level of the soup from 1 - 10.  The soup tasted very good, and very fresh too.  I left feeling very satisfied.  And, I liked the decorum and presentation of the place.  Its location is very convenient, near Summerlin right by the movie theater.I liked this place enough, that I decided to head back several days later for another lunch.  I wanted to try one of their salads.  Before I ordered, I went to the restroom.  A worker from the kitchen was using the restroom at the same time, and I noticed that he did not  seem to wash his hands after.   While it is possible he might have washed his hands in the kitchen after he left, it is certainly not something I wish to speculate about nor think about when eating.  I would have said something to the waitress, but she was busy. I ended up leaving without ordering anything, and it is highly unlikely I will ever return.
3	Oh Archi's.  What has happened to ye?I used to love and frequent this place often, but then went through a phase where I just wasn't feeling the Thai vibe.  Recently, though, I got a craving for some red curry.  I could just taste that flavorful goodness as we drove down to the restaurant.  My husband was excited about the Pad Kea Mow.Unfortunately, I was disappointed in my grand comeback to this former go-to spot of mine.  - The service was terrible.  We waited almost 20 minutes for someone to come and take our order.  I felt so bad for the couple next to us, hidden in a corner.  The staff completely forgot about them back there and the husband had to go ask the hostess TWICE to send over a waiter.  Maybe it's because it was a Monday holiday (President's Day) and they didn't expect such a big crowd?- The prices had increased.  One of the things I loved about Archi's was their price point.  It's still moderately priced, but it was still disappointing to see the increase.- My beloved curry (spiciness level 3) was over spiced and over powering.  The beef was overcooked and tough.  The Pad Kea Mow (also a level 3), on the other hand, was bland and had no spice to it!Ohhhhhh Archi's.  Of course I'll come back and try again because I love you so much, but I really hope this isn't the end of our relationship.
4	Spicy Basil, always amazing. Their tofu was cooked well, which is hard to come by and they didn't skimp on the zucchini (huge plus).  I like really spicy thai food, but my friend ordered this dish mild and it was still super delicious with a good amount of spice.
5	My absolute favorite Thai in Las Vegas.  The Pad Thai at Archi's is excellent.  It almost has a buttery quality to it.  This is one of the spots I always take friends or out of towners and they are always pleasantly surprised.  You will be happy at any of the three Archi's locations.  The Ft. Apache and South Rainbow locations are newer and nicely decorated.  The original spot on Jones and Flamingo is tiny and old but tasty as ever.  Lunch specials are great.  I usually teeter between my favorites, the spicy basil beef, and the pad thai.  Other delicious items on the menu: papaya salad, spicy eggplant, mango with sicky rice, thai iced coffee.They offer brown rice - always a nice option.  Prices are right, food is delicious.  Archi's is a 5 star Thai experience.
4	I always like going to Archi's.  Nice folks and good place to get consistently good quality Thai food.  This location has a nice ambience and hasn't been too horribly crowded when I've been.Get the stuffed chicken wings.  Best in town.Lately, we've just been getting food to go.  Last time we just walked in and ordered and got our food in 10 minutes.  Awesome!  Spice levels are from 1-5.  3 isn't really spicy at all so if you want spicy, go for a 4 or 5.  In my experience, this restaurant doesn't do crazy Thai spicy and they have been pretty conservative with the spice, at least with us.
1	Horrible service. The waitress forgot to place my friend's order. When we asked to have her food removed from the bill, the manager argued with us and tried to say her food was not forgotten, just late. Even though it took us flagging down a different server to have him put her food in to the cook. Never again.
4	I like Archi's pad thai and pad see ew...especially because they use chinese broccoli. The south rainbow location is good too.
5	Best Pad Thai in town!  I LOVE THIS PLACE
4	I love thai food and usually stick with Pin Kaow 3, but I had spotted Archi's Thai Cafe (during multiple trips to Bachi Burger...shh don't judge) and made a mental note to try it soon.I'm glad I did! Came here for a late lunch with friends. There were a handful of other people in the restaurant. Service was ok, the waitresses were mostly attentive but there were long gaps between water refills. Other than that, the waitresses were nice.What really made me happy I tried Archi's Cafe was that their spice level is actually SPICY! Their scale is 1-10 (like Pin Kaow and other thai restaurants) but ordering a 9 here, felt like a real level 9! It was spicy, my lips were on fire halfway through my plate of veggie pad thai and I was in heaven. I consistently order spicy level 10 at other thai restaurants and it's hot but not truly spicy. Archi's did that for me.
5	I am Thai and l love the food here. Pad Kapow Beef and chicken Panang are my favorite.  I got my in-laws hooked on these dishes. Then l'd brought my cousin who just came to visit from Thailand and she even said how awesome the food here was!
3	Friend and I ate here for lunch on a weekend in June.  I had the pad thai which I usually get at a Thai restaurant I've never been to before since pad thai is my benchmark of the eatery's cooking.  It was ok.  Restaurant decor was nice and service friendly.  This was the second Archi's restaurant I've tried and I think I'll stick with the single store, mom & pop Thai eateries.  Actually, we only ate at this Archi's because the line to Bachi Burger was too long.  I would rate this Archi's 4-stars had I been there for a weekday lunch special.  As it was, with it's weekend menu pricing, the place was ok.
4	One of my favorite Thai places in town.  Whenever I am on the west side of town craving Thai food, this is where I go.  I feel like it used to be cheaper then it is now, which was part of the reason I loved it so much.
4	I've eaten here twice with friends & I always let them order because I'm no Thai food expert, but I know when stuff is tasty, and Archi's serves up some tasty food! I used to frequent the movie theater next door when I was a teenage hoodlum and remember when this place used to be some really crappy Americanized Chinese food place that always smelled like crappy Chinese food. I was really surprised it was the same place considering how cute & Thai-like the inside looked! We've sampled their yellow curry, panang curry, beef and basil, pineapple fried rice, pad thai, pad kea mao, and papaya salad. My favorite is the panang curry! Omgosh, it was so delish, until I went home and checked out the calorie content. Panang curry typically has about 40-50g's of fat for one serving. Ouch! Well, anything with that much fat better be worth it, and I'd say that one serving of panang curry is worth it. Their pad thai is on the greasy side and kind of bland when you think about what's in it. I definitely prefer the pad kea mao because it has more veggies and tastes like basil (yum!!!)  compared to what you'd get in pad thai with just bean sprouts & peanuts.I did not enjoy the papaya salad. It was my first time trying it, but for $10, you get a "salad" that has a grated green papaya and this "dressing" that just tasted like fish sauce? Did they give us the wrong sauce? I don't know. Regardless, I will be back to Archi's! It has a cute ambiance with some delicious options. Definitely try the panang curry & pad kea mao!
3	friendly service, great soups!
1	I LOVE Thia Beef Salad, so my wife wanted to go somewhere nearby. This is the closest place to my home. (So this isn't my first time here) None the less this 2 star rating was well earned, as I write this I am thinking one star. To start off, this is one of the few locations in town that charge you for refills.  2nd, FAT should not be part of a salad. I had to tear apart the meat from the FAT using a spoon and fork.  3rd, we shouldn't have to ask three times for Water or Napkins. I mainly disappointed in the fact that my Hamburger I had earlier today had more lettuce than this Thia Beef Salad. Is there a shortage on lettuce I don't know about??? This being the 4 valid concern, I am changing from 2 stars to a more deserved 1 star. I hope this was a fluke and they return to there ways, of better customer service.
3	I like Archi's but it's not the best.  It is nice that they opened up a decent Thai Place in Summerlin.  But the selection (veggie), is a bit small and run of the mill.  The atmosphere is nice, the service is good and the food is tasty, but something is just missing.I will go back because it's close to my parents, but I still prefer lotus of Siam.
3	I went there with my boyfriend and my best friend.  I ordered the pad Thai and it was delicious. The portion was huge,  (for only me) so I ate half of it and took the rest home. Prices are very affordable. The  only thing I dislike was how long we waited for the food. They also brought out my friends food first, which left her waiting another 10 mins or so until our food got there. I really liked it but it didn't surpass my expectations. The service was just okay, not too much attention was given like other restaurants. I will most likely visit again but Pin Kaow is still my favorite Thai restaurant. I would give it 3.5 stars!
4	Food is awesome service not that much!
4	Great lunch specials!
5	Archi's is an incredible place for good Thai food.  They have a wide selection of tofu dishes that I am able to choose from. The food came out in a timely manner considering it was pretty packed for lunch.  I have only been to the Sahara and Fort Apache location, but the service there was great.  The lunch specials rock!  Red curry with tofu and brown rice!  Perfection!
4	Location wise is perfectly situated right by Regal Cinemas in Village Square! Conveniently accessible for those hunger cures before of after a movie.  For those unfamiliar...Archi's Thai Cafe may seem like another Asian/American Fusion like PF Changs...or pick up stiX...but in fact when one takes a closer look, 100% Authentic Thai is clearly shown.  Try and behold for this is true.  Upon first walking in, the restaurant feels small, but the wooden shutters, and wooden tables and chairs balances this out and gives you a good feel of solidity to its decor.  This is not your usual Asian themed furniture but don't let this fool you, for the food is as good as it gets.  Waiters will take your order and ask you from a level of 1-10 how spicy you would like your food to be, and plenty enough to satisfy all types of taste buds and spice level to handle.  Tom Kha may not be for everyone but It is a great little soup starter like won ton soup for Chinese food.  Price could be cheaper, but the quantity of food is decent enough and good enough for the price.  I don't know if your typical person would go everyday, but nice to have once in a while.  Thai food is comparable to Pin Kaow or Lotus of SiamArchi's is clean and food comes out at a respectable time frame. A little advice tho, get there before 6pm or off times because after 6pm the restaurant starts to get busy and picks up a lot of customers...you may have a line out the door or wait.  Others must think it is good though to keep coming back for more.  Give it a try...It is pretty good.
4	Solid, I plan to go back when I'm nearby~
4	I've never had a bad experience here! Food is good, reasonably priced and pretty quick. They have all the standard Thai dishes, so if you're looking for a good Thai place, you will probably find the dish you're looking for.
5	Pad Thai with tofu was real good and flavorful.  Prices were very good.   It's one of the few restaurants in Vegas that doesn't feel designed for tourists or as an afterthought.
4	Just a quick and non critical warning.  The shopping center is under renovation and the parking situation is pretty hit and miss.  You will likely park on gravel and have to walk a bit till they get the lot fixed.  That having been said, this is a solid choice for delicious, well done authentic Thai food.  I've been here three times and all meals were first rate.  I have had the Pad Thai with tofu and once with chicken--8/10 hot level--both excellent.  My son swears by the sweet & sour chicken.  Pad Se Ew was excellent.Service has been first rate here, and the lunch specials are well priced.  Will be back.
5	Delicious food, great service, quiet atmosphere... This is our go-to place!
5	Archi's is my go to Thai place in Vegas! Anything you get here is going to be delicious, no lie. Some of my favorites are..Panang Curry - I would definitely recommend this dish with tofu, it literally will melt in your mouth. The tofu is slightly fried so the outside has some texture and it is served over white rice. Sadly brown rice is an extra $2. Pad Kea Mow - This dish is so satisfying and delicious. Best Pad Kea Mow I have ever had.Tom Yum Soup - Sometime I will get this as an light appetizer before my main entree, but  be careful they make this REALLY spicy so get a low number for spice.Pad Thai - always a winner.I also really like the red and green curries, pineapple fried rice, pad prik king, spicy basil and rad nar. The service here is usually pretty good and the servers are attentive. The prices are reasonable and the food is always delicious. I can't get enough Archi's :)
5	I didn't even like Thai food until I started going here.  I wonder if they secretly add some kind of crack to this food because I crave it fortnightly.  Sooo good.  My favorite is the Pad Kapow (spicy basil), Pad Thai, and the chicken fried rice is the.best.ever.  It is seriously amazing.  Yes, I know that's a "boring" dish.  I order it for my kids and wind up eating whatever they don't finish.  It's even better the next day.We usually get take out but the actual restaurant is wonderful.  I love the plantation shutters everywhere.  The staff is friendly, although not always fluent in English.  I love this place.  I hope they don't change their business model any time soon.
5	First time coming here with my cousin and husband and kids. Very small place but the service was good and the menu had a good selection.  Love how they rate the level of spicy for you, although we got a 5-6 it was pretty spicy! We loved it!  We couldn't finish everything and we has left overs! Awesome! Very authentic Thai Food!!
5	I am very picky with my thai food and when I found this place I felt lucky!! The food is so fresh and the pad tai noodles are amazing. I would recommend this place to anyone who really wants good thai food.
5	Delicious! I went here 4 times in 1 week. LOL...can't get enough of their curries.
4	Ate here with my girlfriend this evening. She had the Mongolian entree and I had the Pad Cha Cha Cha entree. Both were excellent.We've also eaten here once before and had no complaints that time either.Service was prompt and friendly.We'll definitely be back again.
5	Should definitely try the stuffed chicken wings ! The soup is very authentic. Not overly sweetened like all the other Thai restaurants trying to make it tailor to customers other than Thai. Very authentic I would say.
4	Best pad see ew and mint leaf/basil fried rice in town. However the pad thai is not nearly as good as in Pin Kaow by a long shot. Overall one of the better Thai restaurants in Las Vegas. It is clean and easy to find and very convenient if you live in or near Summerlin. One area of constructive criticism since I do eat here often with the family: I would say is the customer service needs to be improved drastically since this is the only area that has a lot of room for improvement since their food is very good. It is not bad by any means, but they often appear disorganized. Some servers are better than others. Specifically, when lines start to form the given estimated times are more like guesses and substantially differ depending on who passing by at the front. It appears that having a hostess at the front at all times (during the peak times) would be a quick fix.
5	Can't go wrong with the pinapple currie! I never skip it when I go here. I love the environment and the service is attentive, even though some can be stingy sometimes. The prices are on the high side. Have had desert here too and its really good. Great thai food altogether.
4	Good place for lunch during the workday if you can risk taking a little over an hour at times.  They are usually pretty good at turning tables, but it seems towards the end of lunch they get a little tired and take longer.The food is really good, I like the Pad Thai, eggrolls, and wonton soup.
3	As a lover of Masaman curry, I've been trying a lot of places to try and find the best one.  At around 10 dollars (including tax) I'd say their beef masaman curry is well worth the money.  It's definitely not the best.  My favorite so far would be Komol's (in Sahara) but this is a good alternative considering I live in Summerlin.  The reason I don't think theirs was as good was because the beef pieces were "sliced" (as opposed to chunks of beef like at Komol) and the potato wasn't cooked as thoroughly as I'd like (it was still kind of hard).  The service was subpar.
5	I was feeling ill last week, so I decided to get some soup and noodles to sustain my cold, and I tried this place out since I live down the street, and I was impressed! the chicken soup and a variety of vegetables and had a good bite of spice to it which helped clear up my chest congestion and the chicken noodles especially tasty with carrots and lettuce chopped in it. I'll be trying this place soon again with it being right next to the movie theater makes it even better.
4	Mine and my husbands default place for food. I get the same thing every time and love it: spicey basil with chicken.
2	Pad Thai was a little salty and greasy... and they charged my friend $1.99 for extra rice !!!  Been coming here several times already and not been charged extra for additional servings of rice (which is the usual for Asian Restaurants)... Rice is like water to most Asians... should be free !
3	Eh, i honestly don't see what the hype is about. Pad thai was mediocre to say the least-had no tofu, the noodles tasted of shrimp (never tasted that before) and it was spicy after i specifically said "no spice". Service was below an "eh" but above "awful". I asked for extra napkins and instead of responding he walks away so my friend asked if he heard me. I waited to see what he would do before i said anything and he ended up walking to a station to get napkins...is it that difficult to say "sure" or "yes"? Not the worst thai place but i will definitely be visiting OSHA in San Fran next month!
4	You can't beat great Thai food, and Archi's has just that. When we first moved here it was one of the first places we ventured to and has remained a favorite. Not only is it great tasting food, the service is also wonderful. They are very welcoming, attentive and the food comes out pretty quickly. I love their pan nang curry. I tend to stick to that dish while my husband ventures out and loves everything he gets. This is a great little, friendly place for quality food. They are closed on Tuesdays....which is when I crave them the most!
3	Shrimp was a bit over cooked, and wasn't a a fan of buying a $2 canned soda without any refills. Other than that the rest of my meal was ok. Only reason I would come back again is for the movie theatre next door.
4	Never been disappointed here--dinner and lunch specials always hot & fresh at a good price.  The fried tofu appetizers are crispy delights, their panang or red curry dishes are savory, the stuffed chicken wings amazing (how do they get so much stuffing in there?).  Servers are attentive and friendly.
4	Ok so I am from LA.  This is not LA thai...  It is very good.  We had the Tom Yum soup with shrimp...  Very nice.  We had the red curry.  Very nice...  Best I have had in Vegas...
4	Grub!  Starved for Thai food nearby and Archi's hit the spot!Almost passed on it, since not feeling well...  but so happy Monkey gave it a shot.  Nice interior decor, patio and seating to wait for your take out order.  Called while on the way home and before taking Monkey's order, they made sure you were calling the correct location.  There are 3 locations around town.  Very important.  3 locations, same owner, same menu and confident same deliciousness.  Monkey do:PHAD SEE EW - Fantastic noodles & broccoli w/chicken - an old favorite dishMANGO STICKY RICE - Perfection!  Packed well to go & additional sweetness to go with, for you sweet teethed. PO TAK(Tom Yum Seafood) soup - hit the spot, loaded with seafoodFRESH SPRING ROLL - definitely shareableMonkey will most definitely return!
4	Archi's on Sahara serves up very solid Thai food. I live very close to this location and order takeout frequently, but I have eaten in the restaurant many times as well - I recommend both!My favorite things on the menu are the pad see ew and tom kha ghai (chicken coconut soup). I love the broth so much that I usually order extra broth and less of the soup contents. Once it didn't work out so well - I got home to find that they had written "extra broc" on the top of the soup container and the entire soup was filled with broccoli! :) Even though it wasn't what I wanted, it still scores them a point for doing anything a customer asks, even when broccoli isn't actually an ingredient in the soup!!The curries, salads, and other appetizers are quite good too (except I've never been a huge fan of the spring rolls, which are normally my favorite thing at a thai place). Prices are very reasonable and everyone is friendly. Not the best thai in Las Vegas, but good enough to keep going back!
5	Best Pad Kea Mow in town if you ask me and the Basil Fried Rice is just too good.  I eat my meals here at spice level 9 or 10 and it has such flavor - but be warned some say the spicing is hot (not to me but I think something is broke with me - can't get it hot enough).  Friday's soup with lunch specials is a fantastic coconut chicken soup (Tom KhaAlso a must try is the Papaya Salad - great with a Thai beer.And if you love Curry then get the red curry with chicken and buckle up.
4	I forgot how good Archi's is. I tried once about a year and a half ago with family. The Sahara location isn't anywhere near me but it was a good central spot for a family meet. The staff is always friendly and welcoming. I had the Thai tea to start. It was very good. Not too sweet and not too strong.I love pad Thai and I love it HOT! So when I ordered my chicken pad Thai at a 10 the waiter was surprised and confirmed the spice level. He also confirmed that there was peanuts and egg in the dish. I thought was a great idea for any food allergy people. I've never had a restaurant do that. I also got the Tom Kha soup. Great flavor and the coconut milk made it a little creamy too. The serving is enough for 2-3 people to split if you're ordering as an appetizer.
2	Fresh but very bland Thai food.Pleasant but I would never come back.Way too many choices out there.Broccoli main entre had no taste.Spring rolls very bland.Ginger ginger tasted like soy and ginger.Vegetables were fresh.Dishes $10-$13 mid range for neighborhood fair.
4	Ordered to go two times so far and have been thoroughly satisfied both times. I've visited a few other Thai places in the valley and have yet to found one worthwhile. Sadly I think this is the first place I've been to that had somewhat fresh vegetables. I think Archi's is "the one"!
5	Best Thai food in town!! Amazing food and amazing prices.
3	This is good Thai-American style food. Service is fast and good, prices are right and it is clean, and tidy.  We were a party of 3 and ordered 3 dishes to split. All were good but the green beans and fried tofu with basil was very yummy. They gave us an ample amount of rice and a hot sauce that was actually hot! The spring roll was fresh and flavorful, but the brown sauce they served it with was uninspiring. I prefer a more authentic taste of Thai, but this place is good.
3	This Thai restaurant is quite a ways from the Strip.  We had went to another restaurat before Archi's, but that restaurant had too long a waiting time.  So we decided to try this place instead.  Fortunately, we had no wait time.  There was one table just waiting for our party of 4.  The ambiance was relaxing, and the restaurant was nicely decorated.  Staff was attentive without being intrusive, and the food came out quickly.So, this is what we ordered and shared.  Beef Pad see ew for $8.95, ginger ginger ginger chicken for $9.95, spicy chicken basil fried rice for $9.95, green curry chicken for $9.95, and Thai iced tea for $3.95.  Everything tasted fine.  Not outstanding, but above average.  Las Vegas has so many restaurants to choose from.  If I was in the area craving Thai food, I would certainly drop by here again.  If I was not in the area, then I would not come all the way here to eat.Overall though, Archi's Thai Cafe is a good spot to eat.  If they were in my hometown, I'd rate them 4 stars.  In Vegas, though, because of all the choices out there....I can only give them 3 stars.
5	After having tried various Thai restaurants around Vegas we had finally arrived at Archi's.  Let me just say that we should have tried here first. Ate the Panang Curry, fried tofu, and broccoli. Way more than enough for two and much much better service than lotus of siam. If you're in the mood for Thai then this is the place.
3	Fresh spring rolls and Satay chicken are good appetizers. Pineapple curry combo was delicious. Sweet and sour chicken is the same as anywhere else.
4	Huge portions, great tasting food, and very good service. I will be back again.
4	If I have a Thai food craving and don't feel like driving to Lotus of Siam, Archi's satisfies the craving. You're not gonna find out of this world dishes, but the kind of dishes that have become staples of Thai food found in America. Service is always prompt and attentive and it's speedy when you're ordering takeout.
2	Service pathetic I had to actually get up to track down my server in the kitchen...pretty much speaks for itself. ..The food was decent..the experience was not.
5	Unlike the other Archi's Thai restaurants in Vegas, this one is very very close to my home. This is a very dangerous thing!I get, exclusively, the Chicken Panang Curry because it is delicious. I use Archi's Panang Curry as my bar to which other Thai food is compared.Pro-tip: they'll ask you if you want spicy level 1-10. If you're a fan of spicy food, it actually goes to 30 (in increments of 5 after 10). I get the 30. It's good. At the one on S. Rainbow a 30 is *incredibly* and inedibly hot for me. Here, however, it's only *incredibly* hot, and thus edible. Different Archi's have different levels once you venture into the land beyond the 1-10 scale. Tread lightly. Work your way up.
4	Whoa. Their Thai iced coffee is gargantuan! I forgot to look and see how much it cost but I could only finish about 1/4 of it and so the rest went to waste. :( I also ordered a red curry with tofu and it was very good even though I only ate maybe 1/10 of it. I liked the fact that the tofu was lightly fried which means less fat! My friend Adam kept me well distracted and I totally forgot to eat my food. Oops. This place is casual, nice, clean and spacious. It's right next to the movie theater so you can grab lunch or dinner before the movie. I kind of wish we had more time so I could try the mango and sticky rice dessert. This warrants a return trip in the near future!
1	Came here for dinner. Geez, no one bothered to greet us, seat us or act like we existed. Waited long enough & finally gave up & left.  Take your business & eat where they welcome customers. These people could care less
1	Attempted to have dinner here, been to Archi's before for lunch many times at both locations.  Horrible service or just awfully mismanaged!  Waited 10+ minutes to be seated, wasn't ever even greeted (even speak some basic Thai).  We watched them setup a table for 2, our party was 3.  At that point we walked..not sure any of us will return.
5	I'm impressed!  This was some pretty good Thai food.  And my favorite part is that they have a spicy level that goes from 1-10.  I like my food on fire so of course, I ordered my food at a 10.  She told me it will be "very spicy."  After I did that, I was nervous for a minute. Then, I got my food.  I got a Tom Yum Seafood soup at spice level 10.  Okay, it was hot and you could just smell the spice.  But for me, I think it was just right. In fact, I think I could've handled it spicier.  And from reading the reviews below, it appears that the spice level may even go higher - to a 30?!?!?!  Perhaps I'll have to try a higher level next time.  But in any event... the food was good.  The only thing that I didn't like was the summer rolls, but that's only because I think in my head I was thinking of the Vietnamese summer rolls.  These particular rolls were actually wrapped in a flour tortilla and on the inside, it had Chinese sausage, veggies, and other stuff.  It was different. It was good.  But it was just not what I expected.
1	I used to come here all the time, the Chicken Pad Thai was great, and the serving size was enough to feed two people for a fair price. The other day I ordered take-out for lunch and they assumed I wanted some "special" they didn't even tell me was going on. It's a dollar less, but a third of the serving size and it comes with a "free" wanton and spring roll. The Pad Thai quality was mediocre at best, while the wanton had no filling, and the spring roll wasn't even cooked all the way. I would have rather paid the extra dollar and gotten the full meal that I had ordered even with the mediocre Pad Thai.I'm very disappointed in this restaurant's quality of food, maybe they changed owners or something, but I won't be going back.
5	Archis has vindicated themselves. Today was a 180 degree turn around across the board. I guess last time they had an off night. My pops had the pad thai very tasty,solid. I had the silver noodle soup with pork to start...the ingredients so fresh and tasty seriously one of the best soups I have ever had..anywhere! I had the yellow curry with chicken also excellent. I asked for 3 on the heat and omg it was spicey lol..be careful what level you ask for....service was outstanding and pleasant. It is always a pleasure to write a great review....if they deserve it they get it and this place definitely showed that my first visit was a flook...without a doubt will return to this restaurant.
5	Our go to Thai restaurant .. Nice decor / great service / right next to the movie theatre. They are closed one day of the week can't remember if it's tues or wed .. Great lunch special deal . Fabulous soups and red curry
4	3-1/2 starts actually, but I'll give them the other 1/2 star for good service.So far, the best Thai food that I've tasted in Las Vegas. That probably doesn't say much, as I've only been to one other Thai restaurant. Came here around 6:30p on a Friday night. There was a little bit of a wait, (20 minutes), but no big deal. Started off with the Satay Chicken - nice and tender, and able to cut with a fork. I didn't really care too much for the Thai Egg Rolls, not that it was bad or anything, but it was just an ordinary egg roll. It did taste a little better with the peanut sauce from the Satay Chicken. Got the Larb (spicy sausage salad). My dining partner insisted on a spiciness level of 8, then after tasting it, proceeded to complain how it was too spicy - Lol! I liked it, but it was a little sparse on the salad part. Pad Kea Mow w/ chicken seemed to be a popular dish, so, we got that one too - it didn't disappoint. Even though those were the only dishes we ordered, there was enough leftover for lunch the next day. Service was good - server kept our water glasses full and frequently checked to see if everything was ok. On my next trip here, will try one of the curries, the spicy eggplant, and possibly the stuffed chicken wings.
4	The name Archi's doesn't scream Thai cuisine or anything Asian for that matter, but once you get passed the unusual name, this place is definitely one of the better Thai restaurants in Las Vegas (chain or otherwise). Tom yum soup is delicious here and you can really judge a Thai restaurant from the quality of this traditional Thai soup. The Lunch specials they have from 11 a.m. - 3 p.m. are a very good deal and equally as scrumptious!Overall the interior of the restaurant is very pleasant and appealing for what it is and the menu prices are very reasonable. If you like Thai food you should stop by here sometime!
4	i was a little hesitant to try another thai restaurant in vegas because it felt like i was betraying LOS by doing so. but my friends (both locals) were very convincing so we decided to finally try this place. i'd have to say this is not a bad "other thai option" if one is craving thai food and don't have the time to wait (or was unable to make a reservation) at LOS. the tom kha was good, the glass noodles (forgot the thai name) was one of the best noodle dishes i've had, the combination fried rice was well seasoned and could very well be a full meal on its own, and even the spicy basil pork was pretty tasty. the only thing that was amiss at our table was the red curry. it was like 3/4 bamboo shoots. will never order that again. i ordered spicy level 2 but next time i think i'll try a 3. overall, this is a solid thai restaurant.
5	By far the best Thai food in Las Vegas! The Pad Thai is delicious the spice doesn't take away from the flavor of the dish like a lot of other places seem to do. All of their curries are flavorful and well prepared. Overall this place has great quality Thai cuisine.
3	archi's staff personally knows me so maybe they will see this?the food has always been excellent. but now, they not only raised their prices, they made their portions smaller. even smaller than other thai restaurants in the area. for a successful franchise (3 stores in vegas), this is not how you treat your customers. and this is why i don't go anymore! :d
4	I love Archi's I highly recommend the seafood pancake! I don't think they list this on their menu... I'm not sure why but I heard about it from my mom and it is amazing! Don't leave without having the sticky rice and coconut ice cream either ^.^ Only down side... the service was slow. It was busy so I know it can get crazy trying to take care of all the tables but we didn't get a single refill and tried to flag the waitress down like three times before we were able to get her attention.
3	"It was the best of times, it was the worst of times", sums up our most recent visit to Archies. "The best " was the food. Pork Satay, Pad See ew and Pad Kea Mow are favorites and always perfect. "The bad" was the service. Usually its okay at best, but today they acted like we were interrupting them by showing up. Every phase of customer contact was terrible, from the time we walked in and waited at host stand for 10 minutes just to get a grunt of an acknowledgment. to the server who seemed almost angry with us. Would have given 5 stars if service was good. Will still go there, but no as often and will probably try other locations first.
1	Good food if u like it! If u r new and don't the service on behalf of the management is HORRIBLE!!! Pete the manager not only compared our experience to others on the sales item, but wouldn't be courteous enough to remove the item. I have NEVER heard of the customer when dining having this matter. I enjoy the food but because of treatment will NEVER eat here again!
5	Great food, Ok (not so great) service.  Strongly recommend. This is probably the best  Thai food place in Vegas.
3	This would be a 5 star if for the food alone.  It would be a 4 star if the only issue was the fact that the rice portion that comes with the red curry was too small. It became a three because the service we had wasn't very good. I admit I will give it another try in the future as I think every place can have an off night for some patrons.
4	My go to spot for curry and pad thai in my neighborhood. There are very few places that I visit on a consistent basis that make me as happy as a trip to Archi's does. It is my guilty pleasure without the guilt.Lets start off with my favorite dishes. The yellow chicken curry is a balancing act of perfection. A carnival of different flavors melded together to make one kickass curry. Throw in some potatoes, onions, and carrots with whatever meat you desire and you have a hearty delicious meal on your hands. Choose your desired spicy level, give me a side of rice, and I'm done!Now the pad thai is easily one of the best pad thais I've ever had. It is not some fancy rendition of pad thai with overcomplicated ingredients or an unnecessary presentation. It's pad thai, with a side of chopped peanuts and baby sprouts. That is it. It does not need to be more than that.I will say that not all dishes are created equal at Archi's. Their fried rice is just not that well put together. It looks delicious but it just really falls short on the flavor department. And another shortcoming of Archi's is their inconsistant spice level. I usually order a spicy level of seven but it will vary wildly from mouth scorcher to somewhat mild. I think it depends on who is preparing it but make sure to keep that in mind when ordering.Despite the complaints, Archi's still goes down in my book as a solid place to get some pad thai or curry.
4	Archie's is a Thai restaurant chain with locations convenient to both my work and home. I love their lunch specials for the good portions and value. I would recommend their Pad Thai lunch and Kung Pao chicken (better than Chinese kung pao). They serve consistently good Thai food with my only complaint being the spice number is not consistent. I've asked for spicy number 5s that may be more like a three on some days and like a nine on others. Yikes! But it's so good, I'll eat it anyway. I would suggest not getting the salads or the soups too spicy because the spice tends to overwhelm these dishes. Better to add more spice later than be sorry. Besides the lunch specials,  a few other favorite dishes of mine are the Panang curry, Massaman curry and Tom Kha Gai soup. If in season, try the mango and sticky rice for dessert. Love it!
4	I have driven past this place for awhile now and finally decided to stop in, WHOA I have been missing out, this place is awesome.  We were greeted immediately and given a nice booth. Our server was prompt, courteous and very informative. We loved the food and will be back for sure
5	Great dining experience, wonderful service and excellent Thai food!  Highly recommended if you are looking for great Thai food that allows for spice accommodations from 1-10.
5	I have been searching for years to find great pad thai here in Summerlin.....Done!  I have yet to dine in but it looks really nice.I do the pick up option and the portion is do big I can have half for lunch and the rest for dinner!  Not bad for $8.  Hoping to go in one of these days.
5	This has the best Panang Curry I have ever tried. I don't how they make it so much better than any of the other Thai places I've been to before.  Also, make sure you try their curry fried rice (make it spicy is even better). You can't go wrong at eating here.
5	This is my favorite Thai restaurant in the whole city! Due to its popularity there is usually a bit of a wait for dinner, so be prepared. When we go we usually get the pad see ew, fried rice, pad won sen or any of the curries. I'm not a big fan of their soups but everything else on the menu has not been a disappointment.
4	Thai food is "hit and miss", and this is a "hit".This is not exotic, like Lotus of Siam, but it is good, and the portions are generous.We have compared this place to other Thai places, and also fee that the ingredients are good quality. We have tried many of the appetizers and our favorite is the the stuffed wing.I suggest the Papaya Salad and the Panang Curry with Chicken. I go with a spice level of 5 or 6.My wife's favorite is the Spicy Basil, spice level 8, but she's Korean.We have also tried the other noodle dishes, and have been very pleased. I give them 4 stars, not 5 because the service is fair at best. You will meet the whole staff being served. One girl will take your order, another will bring you your food, another will refresh your water or iced tea, another will bring you your check. Make all your requests at one time, or you may have to hunt down your server.  We find ourselves frequently yelling for a bus boy, which is not considered rude in the Thai Culture. This place is located next to a Movie House, so I think it's perfect for Dinner and a Movie!!!Settibello Pizza, Bachi Burger, 808 Hawaiian Tapas is also here. Skip these places and go to Archi's. Your taste buds and wallet will both thank you!!!
4	Hands down the best Thai Restarunt in Las vegas, definitely worth checking out if u love Thai food, the portion sizes are good, great location, with great prices. Customer services is good. It can be better but I don't mind it because the food is execellente
2	Below average.  Use to be good, but now they just toss stuff together.  Too much spice ( turmeric) in one dish.  The other dish -papaya salad tasted a few days old.I won't be returning.Try Natalie Thai.
2	We were very eager to try this restaurant out after seeing how moist and saucy their noodle dishes looked in other yelper's pictures. The reviews also seemed like this place wouldn't disappoint. On Sunday night (Mother's Day) there was about an 8-10 minute wait, witch isn't bad at all. By the time we were seated they quickly took our drink and our dinner order - so far so good right? Then, they brought our drinks out. What was a positive experience, slowly and annoyingly became a long drawn out waste of our time. After 25 minutes of waiting for our food, I became drawn into and aware of the time - I was starving! I saw that there were tables that were seated after us, receiving their food, I suppose it's because they were appetizers? I couldn't tell. I was still annoyed and very hungry. I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food. At this point I was very antsy, hungry, and aggravated. My soda has watered down a lot at this point (I like to drink it fizzy with my meal). 45 minutes later, our food arrived. We asked the server if they could be so understanding to swap out my coke for a fresh one, since I hadn't even drink it yet and it had gone flat since we waited so long for the food to come out. The waiter didn't understand, he thought we wanted a coconut water - so he got the manager involved. The manager listened to our concern and request, but he said that they don't do that here and that our request was unusual. So we just had to say - ok thanks, never mind then.It's just a simple coke - we were agitated about the extensive wait, my watered down coke that was clearly not drank from, but they weren't concerned about our complaints. He was polite and professional - but I still feel slapped for the whole experience. It wasted our time and not once did our server or any server come out to explain the long wait for our food or check on us. Although, we requested spice level 7, it was really a level 1. We asked 3 times for a chili tray to be refreshed as the chilies were gone - 3 different servers later, brought the chili tray. We also asked for lemons 2 times in a row, the second person finally brought it for us. There were a lot of servers but no one wanted to help our table. Our food was getting cold as were were waiting for these things.The positive things I could take from this place was that the noodles were moist, the pad kee mao had nice flavor, and the pad thai (although bland) was a massive portion - I feel like it was at least 4 portions that they brought out, which is a good deal. Yet, I wasn't a fan about the horrible service.  If I ever feel inclined to come back, I would order take out instead.My search for a no fail and delicious thai restaurant close to home continues.
4	Spur of the moment lunch time stop turned into restaurant love affair! That's what happened last weekend between Archi's and I. What a great find! What I loved immediately about this place was the warm, welcoming interior. I forgot that I was in a huge strip mall somewhere in Vegas.My cucumber salad was sweet and refreshing and my chicken was delicious. The veggies were fresh and tasty. Our drinks were filled at all times, and we never went without anything we could need or want. The prices were fair (really good lunch specials during the week, but we were there on a weekend). I think this is standard everywhere, but it still bugged me that we weren't able to just pay a little extra to upgrade to brown rice (we had to get the steamed rice that came with the meals and then pay for a huge side of brown rice). If that's my only real complaint about this terrific restaurant then I know I'll be back (but only when I have to be on this side of town). There's something so exciting about stumbling in to a new place and being totally blown away by it. I'll be thinking of this restaurant and that meal for quite some time!
4	The pad Thai was delicious! We came here when my parents were in town (from the Midwest) and neither have ever really had Thai food before. They both loved it. My mom, who hates spicy things, ordered pad Thai with 0 heat. I forget what my dad ordered, but he asked for a 7 on heat. Now, my dad has burned most of his taste buds off over the years from eating spicy things, so most things advertised as spicy barely register for him. He said the 7 was fine, it had some heat, but it wasn't too much. I didn't see a kids menu and didn't think to ask for one, but my kids, who are fairly picky, ended up eating fried rice with no problems. I really enjoyed my experience at Archi's and can't wait to go back.
4	So good the food you crave it after you et it I will be back. The service was great this was a spur of the moment place to dine before a movie.I have had a lot of  Thai food around town and this is really good food
5	My mouth is watering just thinking about this place. Best thai food around!! I've enjoyed every single meal I've ever eaten here, and I continue to crave it after I've left. The service isn't outstanding, but the food is the best part and will keep you coming back for more! You won't be disappointed if you love some good thai food. Highly recommend.
4	Amazing! Had the pad puck with shrimp and will definitely keep going back! My bf also had the sweet and sour chicken & shrimp. Again very good. Spring rolls as an appetizer and we were all set. I hope they do carry out because I'd love to have them even when I don't feel like sitting in.
5	I was introduced to Archi's by a friend of mine shortly after moving to Las Vegas in September and I have been hooked ever since! Honestly I think I stop in or take home an order at least once a month. Their beef pad thai and pork satay skewers are two of my staple favorites.Their lunch special is a great deal with a ton of food that usually adds up to at least two lunches if you take half home like I do.This place is truly dangerous being a couple blocks from our house but we love the food and the service so I know we will continue to be happy customers!
4	Food is ridiculously great! We ordered Spicy Basil (spicy level 3 is perfect, it's spicy enough that you can still taste the flavor) and the Panang (it is curry with a pinch of awesomeness).This location, W Sahara and Ft Apache, is good if you are not in a rush. The staff is friendly but you will have to wait alot to get your drinks, to order your food, to get your food, to get your bill.... So on, you get the picture. This is why I give them a 4 stars.Otherwise, the food is amaaaaazing and it is perfect location for a date nite (right next door to a theater!).
5	My favorite for Thai food!  I have yet to find better.
4	This place is so delicious! Very clean and friendly. Per my observation, the restroom was also quite tidy! We ordered the stuffed chicken wings as an appetizer. I like to call them yums because they are so yummy! We also ordered Pad Thai (level 3 spicy) and Yellow Curry (level 2 spicy). The curry was still very hot for my taste, but still delicious!
4	Yummy!! The Pork Larb and Chicken Curry fried rice were delicious. The Spicy Basil was meh. But my family thoroughly enjoyed the experience. We can't wait to come back.
3	Archi's is the kind of place that's been around for a while and pats itself on the back for it. "Authentic" they say.Service is average. It's often enough, but mostly present for ordering. The menu is the "right" size. It has noodles, curries, and fried rice dishes without overloading you. This is a stark contrast to so many other Thai restaurants making menus as large as possible. I think they understand what their customers ask for at Archi's. They've certainly shown it works by opening so many locations.Now, the food. Archi's is the absolute king of noodle dishes in Vegas. They have my favorite Pad Thai out of any Thai restaurant I've been to ever. The intensity of the sauce is simply unmatched. I also enjoy their pad see ew, but Pad Thai is always my first choice. The portions are also colossal. You simply can't leave without a full stomach.As for everything else, you can find better elsewhere. Their curries are a rip-off. Full of bamboo shoots for the most part and nothing else. Fried rice is simply fine and without any qualities a good fried rice should have: salty, oily, and distinct savory flavor. The spicy basil is strong in basil flavor, but small in portion. The spicy eggplant is a bit oversauced but otherwise good.Noteworthy: lunch specials. They're a great deal particularly if you dine in. You'll get your item, an egg roll, a side salad, soup, and a little... dough.. thing I can't explain. Great deal, great price. Weekdays only.For Thai-style noodle cravings, there is simply no better choice from my experience. For everything else, you can surely find alternatives.
5	I really like Archi's. Good food, nice ambience, fairly inexpensive and close to my house. What's not to love?Since discovering Archi's I've stopped going to my old, cheap Thai eats place, Thai Style Noodle. When I can pay an extra $2-$3 for an infinitely better dish, it's a no brainer. The noodles are great. I usually get the Pad Seeyoo(sorry about the spelling) or Pad Thai. Both great options, but it really depends on the day. The chefs are usually pretty consistent.Thai Basil Fried Rice is good too and the curries are delicious. One of my only complaints is that even though they ask you your spiciness preferred level (1-10), their tastes usually run hot. No biggie, but when I'm with people that want mild, they expect mild and I don't want them having a bad time that night or the next day.Anyways, Archi's is now in my restaurant rotation so I hope they continue to stay yummy.
4	We were in the mood for Thai and came across this place so decided to get food to go. When I first walked I noticed they were very busy with people waiting to be seated and others picking up food they had ordered to go.  I realized there will be a wait time for my food so I ordered our food and was told it would take 40 minutes which I didn't mind. I left and came back 40 minutes later only to be told it was not ready yet. It was 1 hour since the time I ordered that we finally got our beef salad and wor won ton soup. I must say the food is good however the only reason I gave it stars 4 is because of the long wait time for to go orders. Tip: either eat there or call in your order for pick up.
1	Love the food but not at 90 degrees. I sweated the whole time and was ignored when I asked if they could make it cooler. Sorry, Not coming back.
5	I love this place! I've been to Thailand many times, and it taste just as good.
3	Neat little place, the food was great but like other reviewers the service was lacking. It wasn't busy when we arrived but an hour and a half to wait for food is kind of ridiculous. Also, they forgot one of our dishes which took another half hour after asking about it three times. By then the place was busy. And three hours later we finally got our check.
2	I give this place two stars and here's why I ordered my food and it was 45 minutes later and my waitress said it will be 10 more minutes or would u like to leave. What she should have said was how about a beer on the house because we're taking so long and another thing they put the seats for the people waiting on their carryout food right in front of where I'm eating at - like I'm a animal in a zoo--this place needs to move the carryout seats for people somewhere else it's ridiculous. The food was fine.
4	The pad Thai was exceptional... A 5 was spicy, but still consumable:) one person in our Group ordered a seven and that was a bit much. He was sweating like crazy!!! There was another person in our group who had the pepper steak, it was really, really good, another person in our group had the Red Curry &  that was really good as well.  I absolutely loved the cucumber salad & overall it was a great experience. It was a little busy for a large group at lunch, so you might want to think about that if you have to get in and out!  The service was 2 star and they charged us an automatic 18% .. Not cool, as the service was Soooo Bad.  We would go again, as the food was excellent, not with a group... If the service is horrible again, we won't go back. 4 Stars, only because of the tasty food!
5	Nice place to eat tasty food.service is good enough.prices are affordable.staff is fast and kind.will definitely come back to have a lunch or dinner.my review is not big enough.will update it later.
4	Must try the Pineapple Fried Rice and Thai Toast! Great prices for their large portions! Great quality food! Super clean! My husband loved the Pad Thai.
4	Amazing place, full of authentic decor and ambiance! Papaya salad is so refreshing and full of flavor. Combination pad thai with pork beef and shrimp is enough for two meals.  Thai toasts for an appetizer consists if minced chicken and shrimp baked on toast served with cucumber salad. It us a must try!!
4	The food here is very good, one of my favorite Thai restaurant. Service is excellent. Foods came quick. I had pad thai spicy level 10, was not disappointed!
1	Great food but WTF is up with them advertising they close @ 10pm when they turn u away when you walk in @ 9:30pm. They told us kitchen was already closed but if we wanted to order for take out we could!!! WTFFFF!!! Kitchen's close but if we order to go they'll open it??? Unprofessional, your in America practice american restaurant practices & serve till your advertised closing hours. I can see if we had walked in @ 5 or 10 mins of but WTF 30 mins before?  You lost me as a customer, there's plenty of better & less expensive Tai restaurants all over Vegas & with better service!
4	We love the food here! The pad Thai never disappoints. The lunch special is the best deal ever. Huge portions. BUT... DON'T ORDER A SODA at this location. They bring you out a glass of ice and a can of soda... NO REFILLS and it's $1.95. Crazy to pay that for a can of soda. The Thai tea is delicious and it's $3.95. No refills but comes in a big glass.
5	I just ordered takeout from Archi's and the food is amazing! I ordered the Green Curry with Beef (medium) and the Penang with Chicken (medium) and they're both delicious. Both were $9.95 each. It's exactly how spicy I wanted it to be. I've been looking for a really good Thai restaurant since I moved here and thankfully I've found it. The host was friendly and the place was clean. They deserve 5 stars!
5	I love Thai food and this spot hits the mark! Great food, excellent selection and awesome service. The Stuffed Chicken Wings are a must and the Silver Noodle Pad Woon Sen is better than what I've had in China Town. Good morning,I didn't receive your phone call to update me on the status of my pending lab consultation. While I do understand how incredibly busy your office is, I would like to point out how unbelievably insignificant I have been treated as a new patient. I'm not sure who runs the office and it bears mention that I have shown up with an appointment only to feel like a drop in. If there's no specialist available to aid in my treatment please let me know. Thanks and God bless.Plus it's next to the movie theater! Thai food and a movie, my idea of a killer date!
4	Decent service. Food tasted great. Real restaurant quality. I love how much amount of food they give you. Its usually more than enough so I take them home and enjoy them later on. Tastes just like other delicious thai restaurants but with more food.Especially for pad thai, i've had better pad thai but just cannot go anywhere else anymore because of the amount that this place give us.I have two favorite thai restaurants and this one is one of them.
5	Really love this restaurant! Good service, good food. Their beef salad is the best!!! :-) Highly recommend!
5	I cannot say enough good things about Archie's.  I highly recommend this place.  Food is amazing and the service is great
4	Archi's has very good Thai cuisine. Their menu is comprehensive, the restaurant is clean and modern, and the only drawback was the service, which seemed a little disorganized and inattentive.We tried the Pad Thai and Shrimp Fried Rice on a recent lunch outing.  Both dishes were excellent, full of flavor and seasoned just right. Lunch specials come with soup of the day, a fried Spring roll and a Wanton.  The portions are on the large side, maybe a bit too much food. Recommend highly.
5	It's my favorite restaurant. Great food, excellent selection and great service. My favorite dishes are num tok beef and pad see-ew w/ chicken. I highly recommend this place
3	I've eaten here a few times. The food is very good and the service is ok. The lunch specials are priced great. I do feel that they can turn it up and do much better with the service. The friendliness of the staff lacks genuine feelings.On the last visit I ordered a cola to be served a can of cola and glass of ice. Really? No soda fountain! No fresh brewed tea? Ok so the food is good but they also deliver it at very spaced and awkward timing so not all parties receive their food at the same time.
5	Omg the food is so good! I only come here once every couple of months because my roommate and I are VERY fond of the Thai beef salad and its a little on the expensive side (about $40 for two including the Thai iced tea). Its totally worth it though. The shaved papaya is so fresh, meat juicy, and veggies crisp. Be careful with the heat though. I eat a lot of Thai food and judging how hot these places make your food is hard. I ordered the 5 my first time here and nearly choked it was so hot. The 3 was a little cooler but still spicy. This time I ordered the 2 and it was perfect. This place tends to ALWAYS be crowded. Its best to call in your order and then pick up. I made the mistake of just dropping by and had to wait in a line almost out to the parking area.
3	Nothing to write home about but not horrible.  Probably wouldn't want to come back since there are other options for Thai nearby.
4	A friend who's very critical of food establishments told me this place was good so it's got that going for it. I've only been once but would definitely recommend it. I got the Pad Thai lunch special which was a good deal. They give you a regular sized portion of the noodles as well as soup and a salad. The servers are super nice and attentive. I'll be back to try out some curries!
5	I have really been wanting some good Thai food. A co worker told me about this place. Turns out it's around the corner from me. Hubby and I ordered the stuffed wings, (Sounded interesting) and I'm so glad we did. They were delicious, served with a spicy sweet sauce, yum! We ordered larb. They made it perfectly, with just the right amount of spice. We shared the beef salad with lemon dressing. The sear on the beef was perfection and the dressing was very refreshing. Hubby had a pork dish, pad prik pow (yes, that's really the name), but it was great. The service was very fast, friendly and done with a smile. I highly recommend this place. Excellent food, even if some of the names of their dishes sound.......wrong. Lol
5	Ohhhh man this place was so good! I've taken take out before but couldn't remember how it was. We ordered the pineapple fried rice and this was the BEST! Definitely a must order. The size is pretty big I was surprised, enough for 2 people. Also ordered the pad see eww and it was good. Not the best I've tried but not the worst. Overall price, quality and amount of food is great!
4	I was never a big fan of curry, but Archi's has changed my mind.There are several Archi's in Las Vegas, but this location is my favorite.  I love their pineapple chicken curry and they put the right amount of spice (#5). The service is good, very friendly, and check on the customers regularly.  The atmosphere is simple and the restaurant is clean.  I would definitely go back and must try an new item.
1	The owner needs to take a customer service class. I admit I had mistakenly ordered at wrong location. I had called in an order @rainbow instead of Sahara. But I come all the time at Sahara location since day 1 that they opened and they won't let me eat today or make another order.. I understand its my fault but he said" I have to give you hard time",thats not how do business
2	This was my first time at this location- I usually go to the Rainbow location. The food tastes the same. I got the Tom Ka, Pad See Ew, and Panang. My friend likes to eat very spicy food and I can handle only some bang bang! in my food so we agreed on a level 5. The food came out in a good amount of time. The soup came out first, and it was very good. My only complaint was this - the restaurant wasn't that busy, and our waitress took our order by memory. I understand that there are alot of people out there with stellar memories and take orders like this all the time, but she was not one of them. When we first gave our order, she messed up our meat selections for each dish several times. We wanted beef pad see ew, shrimp tom ka, and chicken panang. She had to recite our order to us several times. I even suggested jokingly that she should write it down just in case she mixes it up! She just laughed and said she got it. Trustingly, my friend and I were like ok, and we weren't worried. When we finally got our food, every dish had the wrong meat selection. We were thinking about sending it back but we were too hungry to even argue. All in all, never coming to this location again
4	Archie's is delicious, the beef curry fried rice spicy 10 can't be beat. The portion size is extremely large and cost is affordable this ratio is why it is a must eat place in Las Vegas. Food taste fresh and it has the right amount of spice along with flavor.The service has its hit and misses, normally though they get it right ... I think twice out of a dozen times I had to wait roughly an hour for my food. My girl friend and I learned its easy to call and order it to go and enjoy the food at home while watching a movie. The space went under a remodel giving additional (much needed) space so wait times for a table are next to nothing when we go to dine in. Can't compare if to other Thai restaurants as this is my first Thai restaurant, but I do enjoy their food and believe they have set the bar high. Their food is good, menu has options for everyone, atmosphere is comfortable, service is okay could be slightly better, portion to size ratio AMAZING... so Give them a try you too may enjoy what they have to offer.
4	Archis is was one of the better Thai food restaurants in Vegas. I've been going here for years. I usually get the Penang, Thai beef salad, pad kea mow. Can't go wrong with any of those.
4	Food is always great. Been going there for 4 years or so. I just wish that they didn't cut down on portion sizes (esp for to-go).
5	My favorite Thai place in town. I've been here many times over the past few years and it never ever disappoints.The service is usually very good and the servers are very attentive.The yellow curry is by far my favorite and the best curry in town I think. The chicken and seafood varieties are very good although I prefer the seafood.Their pad Thai is also very good and the fish cake app is amazing.
1	So my I brought my folks here for a post-Christmas dinner. I ordered my favorite pineapple rice. Not only did they make it spicy, I found a strand of hair! So the server made us a new one. But it was still spicy. I have brought my guests and friends here many times but this experience ruined it. Makes me wonder how sanitary they are in the kitchen.
3	Just ok.  Nothing special.  Last time I was there was a hair on my plate.  Food is better then other thai places in summerlin.  I'll be back.
4	Great meal. Tom yum soup hits the spot on a cool day. Last couple trips here it seems the soup and entrees come out very close to each other. I would prefer to eat the soup before the entree arrives. But a solid meal everytime.
4	Consistently great Thai food. They are always busy for a reason. Pad Thai, pineapple fried rice and pineapple curry are all fantastic. Service is attentive and fast.
5	One of the best Thai restaurants I've been. We were seated right away on a Saturday evening, and the service was fast, accurate, and very friendly. We ordered pad kee mow - amazing! And also the country curry. I would recommend the pad kee mow because the portion is quite big. Mild spicy doesn't taste spicy at all. The country curry wasn't that impressive, unfortunately. It is water based, so it doesn't taste like the traditional coconut based curry. The dessert was fantastic. We ordered coconut ice cream with sticky rice. Wow! It was so big and delicious! Definitely do it if you like coconut. Will come again next time we are in Vegas!
