5	We were the very first customers.  We're willing to cut them some slack because of that but everything was excellent.  We had blueberry waffles, crispy bacon, Denver omelette & tater tots.  The tots were Incredible and the food & service was top notch.  Will definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas.
1	Took 1.5 hours to get our lunch food!  food was dry and cold.  Talked with manager and they did nothing.
3	I wanted to update my review to A-OK. The reason? The owner reached out to me and invited me back into the restaurant for a different experience, which really says something. I was impressed by this action. Thanks, Jara.  I'm going to say that the menu sounds really good. I'm hoping that the service has changed since my last visit. Best of luck to this restaurant. Keep listening to your customers and I think you will do A-OK.Review from Feb 2, 2013.The scene:Citizens Kitchen & BarHotel: Mandalay BayDate: Saturday, February 2, 2013Time: 12:00 pmThere was a UFC fight the same day. Picture lots of men on steroids with tons of testosterone, pent up rage and Affliction t-shirts.  HAFood: 1 Turkey Sandwich, 2 Iced Teas and Chicken Soup= $66.00I was craving some comfort food to help revitalize my energy levels. I had a giant sandwich on my mind, so I walked through the Casino in hopes of eating at the Red, White and Blue Restaurant. I come to find out that my favorite sandwich spot is closed and Citizen's Kitchen & Bar has replaced my go-to sandwich spot. Citizens prides itself on non fancy, REAL comfort food. The vibe is new American mixed with old fashioned comfort.  The environment was great, the service and food..not so much. When we arrived for lunch, there was one other group at the bar. We were told by our server that we were the first lunch customers EVER. Since we were the first lunch customers, I didn't come with ridiculously high standards. I was here with the most relaxed group of foodies. I grew up in a restaurant, so I'm always pretty calm and understanding when things go wrong, however there were so many mistakes and unkept promises, I was embarrassed for the restaurant. Charles Barkley showed up 1 hour after us and still got served before us. Haha  It took us 2 hours to get a cup of chicken noodle soup and a hot turkey sandwich. We were told 6 times that our food would be out soon. The hot turkey sandwich with gravy was COLD. One turkey sandwich, one cup of soup and 2 iced teas cost us $66.00, no joke. The manager did not listen to us and acted as if we were an inconvenience.  We didn't get a discount, but they offered us free pastries. We  were not interested. We won't be coming back here. Tip of the day: You are better off going to Subway or a food court for lunch.  Take your $66.00 to STK, getting a mouthwatering steak + the mac and cheese and enjoy ridiculously superb service.
3	Yes, we went on their opening day but still, 2 hours for a lunch that consisted of a couple of sandwiches and a salad is completely unacceptable.  Since this place was Red, White and Blue like 5 minutes ago, I'm 99% sure they just re-branded the place and didn't replace their entire staff.  Of course, I could be completely wrong about that.  Even so, for a restaurant that was less than half full, they should have it together enough to throw some sandwiches on a plate.On the bright side, our server was nice and always had our drinks refilled.  The food, once we got it, was decent.  My Greek salad was huge, although, I'm not sure it was Greek so much as an Italian chopped salad like the kind you'd get at your favorite pizza joint.  The salmon that I ordered with it was, despite being heavily over seasoned, cooked very well and pretty good.  The portions are huge but for the $32 I spent on a salad and an iced tea, I still think it's pretty steep, although probably on par with the rest of the hotel outlets.It does look like they've put some thought and effort into their beverage program, which I appreciate.  I've been dying to try the new Bombay Sapphire East, which they have here and nowhere else that I've seen in the hotel.  They've also come up with a cocktail menu that looks like they've tried to put twists on some of what seem to be Vegas' most popular drinks.  If I hadn't been working, I would have given them a go.Honestly, I probably won't ever come back for lunch because I will most likely be fired for being gone so long again.  Since I basically live at the Mandalay Bay for work, I'm sure I'll be back at some point.  Hopefully with a lot of time on my hands.
4	I love this place! Stopped by in here today looking for breakfast and the decor caught my attention right away. My server Chris was very attentive and made great reccomendations. The food was really good. I recommend the ultimate breakfast cause the pancakes were delicious. I also got a iced coffee to go. I will definitely be back next time I'm in town!
5	Love this place! Staff are super friendly and hospitable! Wells and Heather were awesome! Great food! Great staff ! Great service!!!!
5	Great foot, great staff. A great replacement to the old restaurant here. Mandalay bay needs this revamp to the resort.
4	What a great place for breakfast! I had the egg & potato skillet, which was tasty & nicely presented (in a skillet of course). There was no wait & the food came out in a reasonable time. The cappuccino was good, but had a burnt chocolate taste towards the end. The to-go line was long, but looks like it's a popular place among visitors.
1	Horrible experience.  Took 25 minutes from order to get my cold (expected) sandwich, an Italian Muffeleta, when the place was maybe 1/3 full.  Got the sandwich, and the bun was so stale I could have built a house with them.I would have stayed and complained, but was already late for a conference by then.
2	This places wasn't on our agenda, but my fiance and I were hungry so before we got that cranky feeling, we decided to find food FAST! There was no wait so we were immediately seated. The waitress was nice at first. She tended to us, answered all our questions, and took our order. It took a long while to get our food, but we didn't want to make a big deal because the Olympian Soccer player, Mia Hamm was sitting right next to us. I ordered the Mac and Cheese which the cheese was so runny, it looked like clam chowder. The cheese wasn't orange, but it was white. I also had the Smothered Tator Tots which was good. My fiance had the Tuna Melt and Corn on the Cob, He enjoyed the corn, but said he had better Tuna Melts. After we got our food, we noticed the waitress so involved with Mia Hamm and her guest. We finally made eye contact and asked for our bill. When I gave her my credit card, the waitress came back with my reciepts to be signed. I was writing a tip and calculating my total when the waitress came back. She apologized and said she accidentally put Mia Hamm's table on my credit card. She said, since they didn't close the bill, my credit card will not be charged. WRONG! I went on my bank statement that day and I seen two charges for Citizen's. One charge finally dropped off two days later. I wouldn't come back again. There food is ridicously over priced for what it is. There are a ton of other great restaurants in Vegas.
2	Nothing here stands out and makes me want to go again. It wasn't that far out of what Red, White, and Blue had to offer. This place is NOT vegetarian friendly. The chef was nice enough to make our party specialty items (off menu) to satisfy. I ordered a flat iron steak. It wasn't bad, but this also isn't a steak house - it's like an upscale cafe....maybe. I did really like the beer selection! Although no beers are on tap, all bottled.
4	Stopped in to grab breakfast in this place since it was in the Mandalay where we were staying and it was pretty good. It sits in the back of the casino and it has a ful menu including take out sandwiches which looked delicious and breakfast items. We ate some eggs and toast etc, but the best was the crumbled tater tots mixed with red peppers, best I have tasted. It gets pretty crowded and you may end up waiting but it was worth it. Prices were right and service was fast and friendly! Place is decorated like a kitchen and it was pretty cool inside. Not sure what the dinner menu looks like but it might be good!
4	YUM! my first time trying this place out! my colleague and i had a long day of working at the trade show and didn't have anything to eat except for mini appetizers and lots of drinks. we ended up eating here at 9:30/10PM. we were seated right away even though they were really busy. we sat on the outside of the restaurant. I kind of wish we sat somewhere quiet because we were shouting at each other when were were talking. i got the mahi mahi fish tacos. and i highly recommend that! it comes with 3 crunchy tacos. sauce was good. service was great. our water and wine glass was always filled. i like how we can charge the bill to our rooms!
4	Nice lunch here.  Soup and salad were good but way overpriced at $19, had a very good sandwich with chicken, bacon, avocado though.
2	Like much in Vegas, pretty on the outside, but no substance.Ate here twice on a recent business trip. The space, redecorated from its previous goofy pseudo-diner style, is quite nice, masculine and casual yet well-appointed, with a classy bar and the now-ubiquitious but still pretty old style light bulbs. Sat at the bar and had friendly and attentive service. The breakfast was standard - eggs/toast/sausage/potatoes were like "diner plus" with a flavorful pepper mixed in with the potatoes and thick texas style toast. Fine. The major disappointment was dinner. I went in craving something just barely healthy (after a few days in Vegas I was desperate for a vegetable) and the main recommended entree at Citizens is a chicken/brocolli/potato plate that looked great. Unfortunately the execution was inexcusably poor, especially for a "signature" dish. The chicken was flavorless and dry, even with the skin left on. Broccoli rabe was undercooked and also flavorless, and the potato quarters were the least cooked of all, with a full half of them too hard to even cut with a fork, and inedible. Everything sat in a plate full of broth, perhaps that's in an attempt to disguize the dryness and blandless of the food, but even the broth doesn't help. Chow in San Francisco does this chicken/brussel sprouts/mashed potato dish that's just bursting with flavor and juiciness, and it's like 12 bucks. This $25 plate was just sad and pointless. Again, like so much in Vegas in general, it's an opportunity to spend twice as much on something half as good.
2	First, let's talk exterior because obviously this is the first thing you see. It looks like a "Home Decor" Pinterest fan's wet dream. Everything about it is cute, warm, and welcoming - definitely a step away from the chic, haute couture-esque vibes that other Light Group places like Yellowtail & Stack aim for. This review is only for the beverage & such service, but I don't think it's going to be too far from home. I was meeting a girlfriend at the bar for some drinks after a long workweek and we settled on Citizens because neither of us had been. The restaurant was pretty much empty save for the bartop, which was close to being full. Next to us were a group of what looked like A/V or production guys that were just out from a gig at the House of Blues. With no seats, my friend and I posted up at the bar, and were quickly provided bar stools by two observant servers. The bartender was nice but it was hard to get a hold of her when we needed the check. I am usually a fan of Light Group venues for the most part, but this one just didn't quite seem to hit the mark. It seems like it could be something really great, but maybe it was just too much hype too soon?
2	It was... Not that great. First off it is very pricey. Two of us our bill was over $50 and that's with no alcohol. Its run by Lightgroup and i have a bad taste in my mouth from them already. Service was sub par for Vegas and sitting where people are constantly walking right next to you is not enjoyable. The hostesses were probably the best part of the whole experience. The food was dennys quality so don't expect something amazing. (the belgian waffle was pretty amazing though!)
1	We had to wait 30 min before the food came out, and the waitress was a stoic bitch. The food was just mediocre and over priced.
3	Citizens is a fairly new restaurant on the Strip, located at the Mandalay.  I believe it opened earlier this year...Like many new restaurants at the higher end casinos, the interior is re-done and has an upscale feel.  Service here was fantastic--our server was very accomodating to our unusual requests, and he was speedy.How was the food?  Hmmm... I ordered one of their signature items: the meatball grinder (meatball, gravy, and provolone sandwich).  It was missing something... I would start with a thicker gravy with some added punch.  In any case, I got the feeling their recipe was missing a key ingredient(s) and was real close to being perfect--meatballs had decent flavor, lots of provolone, and good, soft bread...  Pic is posted here http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/citizens-kitchen-and-bar-las-vegas?select=iw_BaDqhZdKca8szDQyqhw#4dzx70lU6_dOxSRCHlBergAnother member of our party had ordered the Muffaletta.  I think I'm just not a muffaletta person as the sandwich didn't connect with me.  Visually, it did look good though...With both sandwiches failing to wow me, great service and good decor isn't enough to woo a return visit from me... =(
1	I would have given this place 3 stars but the service was horrible. Anthony, "our server" took our order than never returned to the table to check in on us or refill our drinks. Food was decent and prices were standard for Vegas.
1	Ordered the muffalata, bread was hard as a rock, had no flavor, which is amazing for something literally covered in marinated,chopped up olives. Boyfriend ordered the burger, it was burnt on one side. He ordered it medium rare....This place has got to go. Based on the other reviews, I think it should close down and be replaced.
4	What a treat this place was!  HIdden in the pancreas of the Mandalay Bay.  A great place for breakfast, lunch or a snack between drinks at 5 AM and dinner at 6 PM.  The chili was to DIE for.  Very mild with chunks of premium beef.  Tasted devine with sour cream.  The waffle cut fries were delicious and arrived in this cute little basket thing.  Which actually seem to be like the thing to do in Vegas now.  Must be a hipster chef thing.The chicken wings were WAY spicy but my husband enjoyed them.I really like this place for a quick treat.  Staff was great.Be sure to take home a candy apple to eat while you watch a movie.
1	Yuck. This place has nothing to recommend it. Avoid.
4	Amazing food and great service if you get an awesome waiter. My first morning we had the best service ever. The waiter was spot on, the food amazing. The next morning the waiter chose to not listen and didn't communicate to the chef what my travel partner wanted. He asked specifically for Banana pancakes that were on the menu. He ended up with regular pancakes with a couple of bananas thrown on top. The manager was spot on and professional and took control of the issue. I was very impressed and will be back. The food is top notch and I highly recommend Citizens for breakfast. It was quite tasty. The overall feel of the restaurant is spot on.
1	First off, the hostesses offer you the option of sitting down to eat or getting the same food at the counter. They don't tell you that the people working the counter have no idea what is going on and you could probably finish two meals sitting while you wait in that ridiculous line. We opted for the line though b/c we didn't know. There were like 10 employees working behind this counter and they could barely pour a cup of coffee. Three of them were working on one person's order b/c she must have had a comp meal or something but really there were at least 20 people in line while we listened to this. Once we made it to order, I just got the yogurt b/c I knew the wait for eggs might take until lunch. My friends got the banana pancakes and eggs benedict. The pancakes were huge, doughy and honestly just gross. There was nothing redeeming about them. The eggs benedict was okay but nothing too great. I highly recommend the breakfast at Raffles as a good alternative in Mandalay Bay. The outside of Citizens looks great but it's really not work the $15 yogurt and coffee breakfast.
2	I had lunch here with my husband during a business trip.  I had the best grilled chicken sandwich of my entire life here.  My husband, however, had a spoiled grilled chicken caesar salad, and subsequently spent the next two days in the bathroom between conferences. :( I hate to give a 2 star review, especially when the service was so good, but spoiled food is not okay with me.  If it were not for that, I would revisit.
5	I really like Citizens at Mandalay Bay Hotel!  We ordered the following for a light lunch:- Grilled Vege Sandwich - Really delicious - lots of thinly sliced grilled vege with intermittent mozarella cheese (boconcini) and a wonderful extra virgin oilve oil based dressing - I loved it and will come back for more!- Chicken Noodle Soup - very tasty chicken noodle soup for a light lunch - comes with  crackers with a wad of butter between the 2 crackers - neat!- Ruben Sandwich - very scrumptious with lots of meat and sauerkraut- Spring Mix Salad - fresh greens saladRestaurant is open 24/7.Wait service was prompt and quick and served with a smile.  :o)
4	After a long day, I wanted something quick and delicious. I chose to try Citizens and had their Reuben (no kraut) and fries.  This was probably some of the best corned beef I've had in quite some time and it certainly hit the spot.  Good food with great service.  A hit with me for something quick and simple but yet tasty.
3	Decor: Loved the inside Decor, it had a clean slick modern feel. With a twist of sweet home Alabama meets Downtown Boston feel to it. (I've been feeling a little theatrically lately #SorryNotSorry) Beer: It was a hot day so I decided to have the All American comfort meal & what better way than to top it off with a nice summer Ale. Since I was in Nevada I thought the Sierra Nevada Kellerweis was my best bet. This was the best part of my meal. Served bottled with an empty tall glass that tasted like Beer on tap. Super crisp and refreshing exactly what I wanted. It tasted like a cool summer day.Lunch:My All American comfort meal the Blue Beat, included Blue Cheese, Red Wine Mushrooms & Cherry Peppers. Although the burger was cooked to perfect (medium rare). I felt this burger lacked sauce, it was very dry and hard to eat. The mushrooms were barely sauteed almost raw. I felt like something was missing. The fries were delicious, fluffy almost like truffle fries. They were served in this cute basket. Overall I'd come back for the beer & fries. It's not at the top of my list but if I was starving I wouldn't mind coming back.
2	overpriced and over hyped.
5	I was in love with this place. We ate here 3 times in our Vegas weekend and loved everything we tried. The bacon burger was my favorite. I will go back when I go back to Vegas.
2	Really overpriced food! I really wouldn't mind the prices if the food was worth it, but my Brick Chicken was too dry and seriously wasn't worth 24 dollars. The portion for that thing was too small. Go somewhere else to get better food in Vegas. Even when the place was empty the food took forever to come out!
1	Server was horrible!! My friend ordered waffle fries with his Classic Burger and received regular fries. When questioned where his waffle fries were, the server explained that they were out. Would have been nice to learn that earlier!I ordered potato salad with my Baconator Burger. I requested the burger to be cooked medium. The server explained that the Baconator was just like the Classic Burger except with "bacon, bacon, and more bacon." That sounded great to me, which is why I ordered it.The burger was not at all what I expected. First, the server simply dropped our food off and scurried away quickly. He didn't check in on us until half of our food was gone.Next, I never received my potato salad. Instead, I received plain fries like my friend did.Third, the bacon was not thick or piled on like I expected. I received 4 thin slices, that's it!!Last, my burger was overcooked! I ordered medium and was given a chewy charred burger.This place has some major improvements to make before I ever go back!
3	This is a place for some comfort food. I had the meatloaf and mashed potatoes which were both on point and my husband had the prime rib with onion rings and a side of mash potatoes. It was all good but DAMN...too expensive. Cost us $85 and change. The only thing other than the cost that I didn't like was the waiter picking up our receipt while we were still sitting at the table. All waiters and waitresses know that this is a NO, NO!The seats were a little uncomfortable too.
2	Got a snack to go here. The smoothie was just ok and WAY overpriced, even for Vegas. They forgot my pretzel and banana, I didn't get them until I asked 15 minutes later. Barely got an apology. Not a big fan.
2	Eh, it's okay. It's a hit or miss.  When you're staying at the Mandalay Bay, it's late night and there's nothing else to eat, this is the only option (besides room service but I honestly think room service and this place are one in the same.)The 3 times I had to eat here was all different, experience wise and food wise. I only utilized the take out counter, thinking that this would be the "faster" route but it's not necessarily.  Price wise it's all going to be pricey because you're at the Mandalay/on the strip, but again if you haven't eaten all day and you have not other options, a $16 sandwich is suddenly doable and you're at the mercy of their service. I'll sum up my review in my visits:1st visit - Was 10pm, went in to grab a quick snack of fruit and a muffin. Really wanted ice cream but they don't serve that. Was expensive but at least service as quick as nothing needed to be prepped and there wasn't much of a line. Muffin was good, too. 2nd visit - Was about 1pm, hubby ran in to grab a reuben sandwich, not sure how long his wait was but that reuben was way too salty! Could only handle 2 bites, not a fan...3rd visit - It was 11pm and I have no idea what was happening but it took them 20 minutes to even acknowledge my husband standing there at the take out counter! My husband has the patience of a saint and saw that they were extremely understaffed but why the hell does it take the manager 15 minutes to make one espresso? The poor dude who ordered the espresso just seemed amazed at the whole process too, but you can't badger someone who's touching your food, ya know? There was people just standing there waiting to pay for a canned soda and the one of only two employees behind the counter just said, "take it" and waived them off.  The more annoying thing? That there was other workers in that restaurant meandering around the take out area! Come on now, help them out! Anyways, I was ready to leave after the first 20 mins but my husband was really hungry and again, we're at the mercy of being out in BFE Mandalay at midnight. After being in there for over 30 minutes and not even having anything to show for it, I forced my husband to leave and bought him a banana and some Dibs ice cream in the sundries store to quiet his stomach until we could get a proper meal in the morning. Thank goodness we were checking out the next day as well.
4	Great steak and rib-eye! Watch out for the portions! They are gynormous!
1	OK I realize this is a tourist trap in Mandalay Bay where there is limited lunch choices for a reasonable price.  However, the service here is terrible.  Saturday afternoon -- half empty.  We came in and were seated.  15 mins to take our order.  AFTER we ordered another group of four was seated, order taken, and food arrived for them before we were served -- our order was not complicated.  Order came wrong -- asked for cole slaw and got fries.  Other party paid and were gone before we got our check.  Never saw the waiter until we asked for him.  Two simple taco plates, two cups of soup, one club sandwich and four soda = $94.00 (minus tip which I did not leave).  Walk down the Strip a little and get something more reasonable.
4	Great for breafast, always a seat open at the bar with sports on for a quick bite. Its not too pricey and is easy to get in and out with some food and drinks. Service: Our bartender/waitress was awesome, the food took awhile though...
3	Vegetarian and gluten-free with a penchant for light, fresh, healthy fare makes for tough dining in Vegas. The to-go counter saved me with their kale salad, it was fresh and delicious. Too much dressing - really wish they could have the salads w/dressing on the side or ease up! But yummy anyway. Also nabbed the crudite veggies and tossed the ranch dressing. Pricey, but I was happy for some fresh veggies!The sit-down side got me through breakfast with a tasty CA omelette. I got the eggs fried (and requested them cooked in butter not oil) with avocado, sour cream and pico de gallo on top. A little pile of tatertot hash came with. Was it mind blowing? No. Was it tasty, fresh and satisfying? You bet. The hash was "meh" but I could see folks liking it for that salty kick back to grade school. Coffee (iced americano w/soy) was quite good. Service was attentive and friendly, no complaints. All in all I am grateful this place is here and will gladly come back knowing I can get a fresh tasty meal. Expensive? No more so than the rest of Vegas.Thanks, Citizens! (I'd actually give them 3.5 stars, 4 if the menu were a little more inspired, but all in all the food is reliable, good, and fresh.)
5	This place was great!  Went there for a late dinner one night;  had a burger and tuna melt, then we had the other half for breakfast the next morning and it was just as good! Great service, lively atmosphere.Went in for breakfast and the ambience was completely different, still great but lights dimmed and not as bustling as it was at dinner.  Sat out on the patio, very nice.  Yummy breakfast sandwich, but the $4.00 cup of plain coffee was a bit much!
1	- - FOOD POISON - - BAD SERVICE - - AWFUL MANAGEMENT - - We stayed at Mandalay Bay for our Vegas trip and decided to get something to eat late night, unfortunately the only place open was Citizens Kitchen. We walked in and got seated, the server had problems taking our orders and since he thought he could remember everything without writing it down he then brought out some of the food wrong. It took them 30-35minutes to bring out the food. No one wants to wait that long for food at 2am. Five out of  six people ordered the same food and it was the Burger and let me tell you that the vacation ended right there! Every single person had the worst stomach pain and you can imagine the rest!  I asked for a refund  the following day,  the managers told me that I should send an email with my experience so they could look it over, Nick one of the managers actually tried to help and he told us that they were very embarrassed over this and would do anything to fix it so he asked for the receipt and that he would refund the money, until today I only received $45 out of almost $180, they couldn't even track our bill and refund the rest being that they have an advanced POS system. It took them 3 weeks to refund the $45 while I had to text and call everyday.  Two of the five  people that had food poisoning  actually went to the doctors the day after and were told that it was 100% food poisoning.  Save yourself some time  and pain, do not  go to this place. It has awful food and service. I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone! - - - FOOD POISONING IN VEGAS ON YOUR 1st DAY OF VACATION, HOW MUCH FUN IS THAT - - -  Manadalay Bay should seriously think about renting to this place since they are inside of this hotel and getting so many bad reviews...........
1	Ugh! I only went here a second time (on a separate Vegas trip) because my group was starved and drunk... and couldn't walk another hundred feet to another restaurant or something ridiculous....  I can't remember.BUT I CAN REMEMBER HOW SHITTY BOTH MY VISITS HERE WERE!The first time, I ordered a pretty basic burger that ended up coming to the table late and undercooked.  While I would typically eat it if it was anything else (my standards of food are pretty low), I would probably have yakked it out if I decided to eat it.  I asked for it to be recooked, but the waiter was pretty unresponsive about me getting a new one, so I didn't even end up eating it as my group was in a rush.  I gave up and decided to never come back again....But I did, several months later.  This time, our group was much bigger (about 10) so understandably, it would take a while to get our food.  However, we were there for maybe a half hour-45 AFTER ordering and our waitress passed by our table once, only after we all spent time staring at her from across the room.  Finally got the food and it was cold as Antarctica.  Wow! It's like they cooked it on time but left it on the counter to hang out or something.  Some people at my table refused to eat most of their food so I asked (shamelessly) if they "were gonna eat that" so I could doggy bag it.  Even the boxes took some effort to acquire.  I was determined to salvage as much as I could from this experience and never return again!  Oh, 24 hr Vegas McDonald's.  I will never forsake you again.
5	Great flavors, professional and poised service, and yummy dessert. I had the BBQ Chicken Salad and it was delicious and a generous portion! It didn't have BBQ or isn't your typical BBQ but the flavors all matched and the toppings gave it variety and texture. The waiter was super nice and never rushed us. It was reasonably priced for being on the strip. We had the cheesecake and the bread pudding and we all loved the cheesecake. It was huge! I would come here again.
2	Food was OK but service was very, very slow :cAfter looking at my food and reading some of the reviews, I hope I don't get food poisoning.
4	7/9: Located inside of Mandalay Bay casino. I'd rate the food a 3; good, but a bit pricey if paying without comps. The awesome service made up for it! I had the Baconator Beef Burger and some of the Turkey Burger. My beautiful waitress Miranda was top notch, even though the place was a bit busy for a Tuesday evening. Refills kept coming. Management had an issue with my poker room comp (I guess because Citizens is a new addition to the places that allow usage of comps). She kept checking up on the issue. While they couldn't really get it resolved, she kindly offered to take a discount off for the time being, and said that they would entirely fix the issue before closing time. A class act. THIS is customer service at its finest. Thank you Miranda! Just for the amazing service, I would definitely come back!
4	Just had lunch at Citizens.  We had the mahi mahi fish tacos and the chicken quesadilla - both were very good.  The tacos has big filets of fish , rather than the usual chunks.  Fish was delicious as well as the entire taco.  Bustling, but relaxed atmosphere, good service even though the place was busy.  I also tried the Ginger Snap juice smoothie - was very good.  There was a choice of 6-8 juice smoothies.  This place offers comfort food, but plenty of healthy options too.  We saw a few burgers come past - they looked great.
3	I had the triple bacon burger which was a standard burger with 3 strips of bacon... There is something to be said about truth in advertising. I had the hamhock mac n cheese. The pasta was a bit over cooked for my taste. However, you do get the smokieness of the hamhock. If the pasta was bit less overdone, it would be one of my favorite mac n cheese plates. The burger is juicy with everything served on the side, mayo, lettuce, tomato, onion and pickles are on the side. You add whatever you want to add to it.
3	Visited both in the evening and in the morning. I love that they make fresh juices here. Well that is where the love ends. Slower than molasses running up hill and would it kill the staff to smile? I did not see one person working there who appeared to be happy they where employed. Such a promising place but dreadful.
2	I was surprised to find this was the only place open to eat at 1:30 am on my last visit to Mandalay Bay.  This used to be my hotel and I always thought there were more options.Anyways, I ended up eating here 2x within 4 hours.  You can sit down in the restaurant and have a decent menu available to you or you can order from the counter.  The latter is better, over priced smaller bites.  The former has a wider selection - Vegas strip priced diner food.I wish there were more options.  But at 4:30 in the morning after being up all night and still wasted, this place ain't bad.  p.s.  the pastries at the counter are good.
1	Taking over the giant old space that was once Red, White and Blue, Citizens was designed by a 'famous' design firm for the Light group. The space is huge, and comprised of all hard surfaces; hard floors, hard ceilings, and hard walls. What this equates to is an extremely loud dining experience, even if it's not that full. The vaulted ceilings, light fixtures and finishes are all cool, but this place is just huge. I would also point out that if you want comfort, do not sit on the incorrectly proportioned backless bar chairs at the bar, and instead get yourself a table.  More importantly this place is overpriced; you'll notice that just about everything on the menu is about $2-3 more than you'd be willing to spend. I had this gripe when I ate at Mandalay's noodle shop a few weeks ago when my lunch special was an astonishing $18 for a soup and lunch-portioned dish. Apparently the property really likes to take advantage of their massive convention crowds. With everything from breakfasts, salads, burgers, entrees and desserts you can certainly find something you'd like, just expect to pay handsomely for it. Also, they use the words 'specialty' and 'signature' quite a bit on their menu, but looking around at other people's dishes and based on my meal this definition seems to be based around providing mediocre, high priced sandwiches.My classic hamburger was placed in front of me and looked as mediocre as it tasted. The bun was dry and a bit too big, but well-proportioned to the patty. Not sure if you have a choice of cheeses, but when I asked for a cheeseburger I wasn't offered any options and was given American cheese. The presumably frozen patty had ok char flavor, but was of your extremely generic back yard BBQ variety, and very overcooked at that. But I guess one of this quality shouldn't be ordered any other way. One small slice of not too fresh tomato didn't provide much coverage, but I had plenty of pickles, lettuce and red onion at my disposal. Overall this had nothing great going on. My waffle fries sucked as they always do, and considering the menu gives you the option of skinny fries, potato salad or coleslaw I'm not quite sure why I got these stupid fries. They're clearly never fresh due to how they're made, so why bother? Plus, $21 for a burger and iced tea is about $9 more than you should pay for this, even in a casino setting capitalizing on desperate conventioneers. After this awful experience, combined with Burger Bar's drop off, I can probably now claim that there are no decent burger options south of Tropicana along the Strip until you get much more south away from the casinos. If you're at Mandalay I would still recommend Burger Bar over this as you get far better quality for the money, but I can't promise anything there anymore.
3	Citizen's Kitchen ( Formely known as Red, White, and Blue) is a little bit better than it's predecessor.  I ate here so much during my week stay that they morning crew almost knew what I was going to order as well as my name. The food was good even though you had to wait a little longer than expected even when it wasn't busy. They now have a juice/smoothie bar that I think everyone is still trying to get use to as it took quite some time to make a juice or a smoothie ( no matter if it was busy or empty).  Prices are a little steep but again luckily for me, I was not paying for it.  The portions are a decent size, even when you are just doing a quick takeout from the front. At least this place is now open 24 hours as it predecessor was not. Will I eat here on my own dime, in a pinch yes I would as the food was good even if it was a little pricey.
3	After logging in some time at the Daylight day club we were hungry and looking for a good place to get our grub on within Mandalay Bay. A friend remembered having a good experience here so we figured it should be pretty good. Well, it fell a little short of the mark with pricey food and slow service. My tuna melt was good, but it better damn well be for $16! The accompanying seasoned criss-cut fries were a tad overdone, making them overly crunchy. The service was nice but slow; it seemed like it took forever for the food to come out and we were HUNGRY. It was crowded, to be sure, with 4th of July weekend and the MMA fights and all, but it seemed like they should've anticipated this and staffed appropriately. Not a special destination in my book.
4	Great veggie sandwich !
2	I ended up here after the Mandalay's unknowledgeable staff said this was the only cafe in the hotel and I was deeply disappointed.  We ordered the prime rib and meatloaf and a couple of crappy signature drinks that escape me right now. The red flag should have been when the food arrived in less than 10 minutes, but I was hoping they were just ridiculously efficient. I tasted the meatloaf and that was OK, good even, but worth $25+? Absolutely not. The prime rib was $31 and served with 3 onion rings. It was cold, chewy, and tasteless. On a positive, service was attentive so no issues there. I, for sure won't be planning to come back, its WAAAYYYY overpriced and just not that great.
2	Citizens after hour food was very limited. It was pretty much bar food but some food is better than no food! Really though Criss Cut fries at $7 a pop is not worth it ..i might as well order room service! Of course it took over an hr before we finally got our food, by then i was not hungry anymore...
1	We were heading to Starbucks but decided to check Citizens out for coffee since it was something new. So disappointed! First off, we waited in line for almost 30 minutes. I understand, Vegas is busy and everyone wants coffee BUT the line isn't long because this place is busy, the line is long because the service is so slow. You think a place that offers coffee and breakfast would be better staffed in the morning. There was only one girl working the register for the to-go cafe and restaurant. She was supper sweet and it wasn't her fault the wait was so long.  So it was finally our turn...Yay! Right? Well, we waited for a very long time to be told that they were out of mocha lattes. Wth?  Ugh. Go to Starbucks!
1	If you are walking through Mandalay Bay and decide you are hungry, do not choose to stop here.  We were hungry and we saw this place. It didn't look like there was a long wait, so we put our name in. She said 10 minutes. After 25 mins I asked what's up. She said "That time was an estimation and as soon as the "right" table opens we will be sat". I said ok.. 5 mins later we had a table. Now mind you the surrounding 4 tables were empty too. We sat there for at least 10 minutes  before anyone even came over. We ordered drinks, I a soda, my nephews soda and the last a water no lemon. When guy finally brought the drinks he brought water with lemon. My mom is allergic so we asked if he would just change it out. He had the worst attitude and when he came backhe tossed the water on the table.This was completely offensive. I located the manager and asked or another server. The new server was nice but extremely slow. The surrounding tables all got their food long before we did. It was just not a fun experience. We will never, ever be back!
3	Over-priced for what it is, but I have to give props to any place which has Hot Browns on their menu.  That alone is worth the price of admission as getting that dish made decently outside of Louisville is a dicey proposition at best.  But, true to its reputation, the Hot Brown at Citizens more than lived up to expectations.  And that's coming from an honest-to-gods native of the 'Ville.  Just like you wouldn't question the judgment of a true-to-life Quebecois when it comes to poutine, when somebody's from that region known as Kentuckiana their word is law when it comes to hot browns.Frankly, you can skip everything else since it's what you can find in any half-decent all-night coffee shot/diner.
4	Everything at lunch was yummy. We started with the chili cheese fries and they were very good and upscale comfort food.I had the turkey, avocado, sprout, w/muenster sammi. I wish they had listed the tomato on the menu so I could tell them to leave it off but I pulled it off and am ok with that. I switched the bread type to sourdough. Waitress was nice and attentive. Service was fast & good overall.
2	Citizens breakfast was average. The eggs were made over medium as requested, but the bacon was not hot and the Tator tots with bell peppers and onions weren't my favorite. I had sourdough toast and it wasn't sliced or buttered. Could have had better at Denny's for a lot less.
4	Definitely one of the better (and slightly more affordable) restaurants in Mandalay!I shared the Tarragon Chicken Salad Sandwich (with a side of potato salad) and the Kobe Beef Fries with a friend. The sandwich was really good! It comes on toasted bread which works well with the texture of the chicken salad. It's a good size too. The potato salad was ok, but nothing special. The fries were actually really good, but I don't know if they are worth the price. I think you lose some of the kobe flavor when you mix it with chili. Still, really tasty!Service was really great too. Our waiter was on top of his stuff, and he was straightforward about everything in the menu and his suggestions (which I have grown to appreciate in a waiter).
4	My wife, kids and I, all locals, ate here before the shark encounter last Saturday.  My wife had the quinoa salad with a Firestone beer, I had the lobster roll with Lagunitas ale.  The kids had a cheese quesadilla and grilled cheese.  Our sides were the coleslaw.Every thing was really good; not a morsel left.  The service was really good too; the waitress recommended the beers and did a good job with her recommendations.  I would make a point to have lunch here again.I would recommend reconsidering all the tile though; it is loud in this restaurant.
1	Went in around 2 am, to just the cafe part of citzens...not the sit down restaurant part. & IT.WAS.AWFUL, terrible, quite shitty in fact.Ordered a small size of the kale salad which was inedible and pretty sure against FDA regulations as it seemed it was kept unrefrigerated. Then I ordered a $10 "juice" that  was actually a smoothie. I'll give them points for using actual free fruits, but being from LA, I am very particular on my freshly PRESSED juice. NEVER AGAIN. Go to the little mini mart near the elevator and buy some cup of noodles there to satisfy your late night drunk munchies. Although there's no coffeemaker in the rooms at Mandalay, so ask for a cup of hot water from starbucks or citizens (they'll charge you $1)
2	There's a billion people behind the counter and yet they can't seem to get an order correct or out in a timely fashion.
5	Got here at 10:45pm on a Saturday and got seated right away.  I had the fish tacos that are good but better for lunch. My hubby had the French dip that was a real winner. I'm coming back for that next time.
3	It's pretty expensive, but then again it's Vegas. It's nice how they have a selection of to-go items as well as a sit down restaurant. I ordered my food from the cafe section. I had a panini and one of their juices. The panini was okay. Just okay. The juice was pretty good. It did take them a while to make our food.  The seating was also unclear. There was a section of the restaurant blocked off, which I could only assume was for the sit down restaurant part. There was also another area which wasn't labeled and kinda separated from the rest of the place. The only obvious seating for the cafe was outside the restaurant on the "patio" (and b "patio," I mean the air conditioned hallway of Mandalay Bay) and even half of that was blocked off presumably for the sit down restaurant. Some signs so customers don't get confused would be nice.
3	Only place to eat after 2am at Mandalay or Luxor except McDonald's. The food is decent. Great Chicken Soup for 2am. Appetizers were fairly good. The chili is too spicy with the cheese fries. Service is very slow so don't be in a hurry.
4	Food was good. Friendly service and the atmosphere was nice. A bit pricy on the entrees if not ordering a sandwich or burgers though
3	I'll give it 3.5 stars, but I only got food to go. I found out its the only 24 hour place in Mandalay which is nice. Their take out menu is much cheaper than dining in. I asked what salad they recommend and they told me the Cobb so I got it. I was hoping it was the same size as the display in the counter but it wasn't. $11 for a salad is high, but it's Vegas. The salad wasn't bad.
2	Stay away from this place. I gave it a generous two stars only because the manager offered us a free desert by commenting on the food (which we passed). I thought the place would carry on the same quality as its former self ( RED WHITE & BLUE RESTAURANT). Had the mahi mahi fish tacos from the servers recommendation. I couldn't figure out if I was eating coleslaw or fish tacos. Very runny tacos. Wifey had the quinoa and kale salad. Terribel. The quinoa was not cooked all the way thru. Pricey and lame.
2	The most memorable thing about my experience here on Saturday night was I thought the light fixtures were cool.  We tried a couple of apps: chicken quesadillas and Kobe beef chili fries and nothing really good or comforting about them.  The server was nice enough but brought  the check without a pen and after seeing us looking for a pen could not find one himself and or ignored that we needed one.  I thought food was slow coming out of the kitchen as well.  It is sad this is only late night option available at Mandalay Bay.
4	Great food at a great price. Atmosphere is excellent with a great vibe. I'm at Mandalay Bay weekly and I get my latte here every time. Beer selection is great, and juice menu impressive. I'd give it 5 stars if the lady working at the register didn't have a melt down over a receipt not printing and swear up a storm in front of my toddler. Was pretty unbelievable.
4	Great breakfast!  The banana pancakes were delicious and the coffee cups are cappuchino sized.  I would definitely return.
1	So we are at a concert inside the Mandalay beach. During intermission my husband went out to get Starbucks; unfortunately they were closed. He came back to our spot and handed me this drink in a cup; I was like this is not Starbucks. He said he did not have any choice but to order from citizens because its the only place open. His bill was like $18 for two medium drink. I took a sip and phew, it tasted like watered down peanut butter and the bitter after taste of not so ripe banana. It made my tummy rumble inside and we ended up not finishing the concert because I don't want to have any accident in there. I don't even know if its a smoothie or a juice because its not thick or icy, it's watery and tasted so bad. Not a very good first impression. Makes me not want to try to eat here because they can't even get their drinks right.
3	Great if you want a quick bite and coffee. There's however a price for the convenience: Our two mediocre sandwich and lousy coffees cost almost $40!  I'll go to the Starbucks around the corner next time for food and coffee..! To top it off, the cashier was not that nice and friendly, as she was annoyed at customers in her presence. OK, moving on....
2	Service was good, but the food was not (at least for me it wasn't).  Tried the meatloaf and the macaroni and cheese... *sigh*.  My friend had the double patty melt and he liked it.Maybe next time we go back to Mandalay Bay, I'll give them another try (but a different menu item for sure).
3	This real estate used to be the Burger Bar...But 10am hungers could be just for breakfast foods now. Vegas is known for its edgy entertainment, gaudy bling, and top notch reviewed eaterys. Despite that flashy sign, this one is average, and I will only wonder what that Burger at 10am would have tasted like.Lox and cream cheese, side of hashbrowns: Nice platter, medium smoked salmon, nice smooth shreddable texture, just enough to cover that not so thick plain bagel. Need more cream cheese - the design squares are nice, but not functional. Easy on the red onions was good, and a nice pile of capers is always good too. Maybe it was the not typical squirt of lemon from me, but the usual salty flavors weren't there in harmony as usual.SIde of hashbrowns was nice. Perfect portion sized tater tot crumbled hash nicely mixed with peppers.Nice but not glamorous or creative, and the taste is what you'd expect, but my novice could do this at home, and have, which is why I shouldn't pay to eat this out.
2	The set up of this restaurant is pretty cool. It's very casual with like sandwiches, salads and things as their food. My cousin and I just really wanted some fries, and we were really disappointed. We ordered just a side of fries, and when it came out we could tell that the fries were old and re-fried. We wanted to make a comment but we were in too much of a rush to tell the cashier. I will come back again and give this restaurant another shot. However, I may not order their fries this time. ENJOY!
1	This place should be ashamed of itself.  When it was the Red White And Blue, we liked it, people were nice, food decent.  This place is what I would have to call "abusive".  Abuses your wallet, abuses your body.  The other restaurants at Mandalay are ok, this one is NOT.  Since Vegas has cleverly crafted itself for the new economy I suspect Citizens is top of its class.  They know people need breakfast and lunch, and this is the ONLY reason the place has customers.  Their profits come from over charging for low quality food to a crowd that has no where else to go.To sum it up:- Grossly overpriced.- Hash browns = tater tots smashed into a mash.  Good job chef, your the best !- Overall food quality low.- Your treated like cattle.Will never return.  Drive to whole foods and stock up if you need a quickie snack or brunch during the day.
3	1 = never go here; 5 = you must go here; that is what the stars mean to me. This is exactly why this place got 3 stars. I wouldn't put it in the never go here camp or the must visit. It's food is decent, ambiance is decent (loud at times) and service was nothing to rave about. I got the au jus sandwich which was not bad. If you can't make a decision on where to eat and your strolling through the Mandalay this place will work as it won't excite or disappoint you (at least too much).
1	$45 for two take out bagel sandwiches and two drinks?? The bagels were stale AND soggy...Plus, I was sick for a whole day after eating that!! Worst food experience ever. I cannot recommend this place to even my worst enemy.
1	The absolute worse breakfast I've ever been served. Greasy hash browns, gross pancakes that tasted like they forgot to mix the bisquick batter and the most bitter cup of coffee I've ever had. All for the low price of $25, what a joke. Also I could not get the waitresses attention and she didn't come back to my table for 20 minutes. When I told her I almost did a spit take when I tasted the coffee. She took the cup and came back 10 minutes later with the same bitter brew. If you want bad food and bad service this is the place for you. I can't believe food this awful would be allowed in Mandalay Bay. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!!
4	Best place to be after an all night drink fest!  My boyfriend & I shared the patty melt. It was by far the best patty melt I have EVER tasted (and I wasn't drunk)!! I'm still thinking about it 2 days later.  As far as service goes, we didn't have a problem whatsoever.  The hostess and waiter were on it during our late night visit.    In closing, I say GET THE PATTY MELT!
2	Fast, friendly service but mediocre breakfast items. I expected the banana nut pancakes to have the latter IN the pancake but no: they were a stack of 3 plain pancakes with a sliced banana and some nuts sprinkles on top. That said, they were fine.  ($14) So was the granola & fruit parfait. ($10) The corned beef hash ($16) was nothing to write home about. And forgo the $14 basket of 4 'fresh' bakery items.  The Krispy Kreme doughnut was scrumptious but the other items (croissant, cheese Danish and apple tart) tasted stale.
2	This is a review for the cafe part of Citizens, not the actual restaurant.Hungry after a night of partying and wanting something of sustenance in our systems before hitting Daylight, our group wandered into Citizens to pick up some food.Between Boyfriend and I, we got a bottle of water, a fresh fruit bowl and a croissant. And it totaled to just over $16. WHAT. WHAAAT. The bottle of water itself was $5. FIVE DOLLARS. Even my croissant was only $3.50 (ONLY, she says). My poor wallet.At least the food was okay. The croissant was light, flaky and huge, so I suppose it kind of made up for the price. The fruit was pretty good -- but unless it's spoiled, it's kind of hard to mess that up.The other members of our group got various salads (I distinctly remember seeing the quinoa salad) and a tuna sandwich. Their food looked pretty good, but I didn't try it. Regardless, I didn't hear any complaints, so I suppose it was decent enough to satisfy our appetites.Next time, I think I'll just go hunt down either a Starbucks or something instead if I'm craving a croissant. That's just ridiculous.
4	I will start off by saying that I am a local. I could have went to any sandwich joint/cafe off the strip and paid a LOT less, HOWEVER, I knew I was on the Strip. If you are on the Strip, you're going to pay twice any amount for that sandwich. Get over it. I ordered the tarragon chicken sandwich and my boyfriend ordered the turkey and avocado on wheat instead of whichever roll they had listed on the menu. The staff was happy to accommodate to our requests and were more than friendly. My sandwich was out of this world delicious. The bread was so surprisingly delightful. Crusty, but with a soft pillowy center. One sandwich was nearly more than enough for me. The boyfriend and I usually order two things and trade halves. His turkey/avocado sandwich was exactly what he was looking for and made to satisfaction. It wasn't anything that lifted my eyebrows but there was absolutely nothing wrong with it. All good here if you're just looking for a quick sandwich.
1	1. Food nothing special, prices are ridiculously high & lastly service is terrible is as dry as our food. Dissatisfied for a the amount we spent. Management should look into training customer service with a smile extra step goes a long way. Provide good service you get good tip, seriously it works both ways.
5	The food was pretty good. But one of the employees there named Diana was the best!! She deserves 2 raises. She's got it goin on... She be parkin lot pimpin in her dunks!
4	The fish and chips is some of the best I've ever had. The French dip was also super delicious. Our waiter was great!
2	We ordered the calamari, cheese dip and fish and chips. Food was mediocre and pricey. Our bill came out to $80 (inc tip). Servings were generous though. The calamari was mostly fried flour. We were very disappointed by the juice bar. It isn't really juice, but more smoothie. We spent $30 for three drinks and barely made through a quarter of each drink. Gave them an extra star for decor and the servers were polite and friendly.
1	Went to get a sandwich the one I wanted was already pre made. I don't eat turkey only wanted ham they said make your own. So I did and instead of paying 11-14 dollars I paid 24 because I got extra chesse abd avocado but didn't even get the extra cheese didn't expect it to be that much. I will never go there again
5	We just came out of LIGHT club and wanted some late night grub. This was delicious!!! We ordered the French dip and lobster roll with potato salad and coleslaw. The coleslaw was great, and I'm sure the potato salad would be to someone else (big cut pieces of potato), but I love my mother-in-laws the best. This was a breath of fresh air from the food at LVH hotel. Bill was $45 we ordered waters ;) they need to work on better service though, it took mustache forever.
3	This is one of the more affordable places to eat at in Mandalay Bay.  I think the food here is really better than 3, more 3.5, but I rounded down because while our server was friendly and French (which for some reason always makes it feel more special), we had to flag him down a few times to get something and even to get our check.  We went in during an odd time and ordered calamari, wings, and meatball appetizers.  The first two was good, but not very memorable except for how big the servings were.  The meatball however, was gigantic and quite tasty!  I wanted to just have that the entire time I was in Vegas.
2	Saw a long line at this place and assumed that it would be good. However, we were tricked since those people in line are business people here for conference and they were just grabbing quick lunch.It's Vegas price, not Vegas quality. I got Chicken Cesar salad, the meat was very plain, and they forgot to give me dressing.There is a Starbucks next to the corner - even Starbucks would have been a much better choice.
3	The absolute best chicken wings I have had in years.  Other than that, pretty pedestrian.  Considering the price, I cannot give it more than 3 stars; and even that is sketchy.
2	The food is good for the most part.  It falls short in speed and value.  The to-go option is convenient but takes way too long.  They offer good portions and solid food, but it is priced like it is a higher level locations.The kobe beef chili cheese fries were quite tasty.  The chili and the fries both had good flavor.The queso cheese dip is ok.  The flavor is ok, but I expected more bold flavor from the Chorizo.It is not a bad option, but you will have to be patient and be willing to pay a little more than it is worth.
2	I stay at Mandalay Bay for two weeks at a time about 5 times a year so I am always looking for a place to eat. Citizens is ok but the customer service is lacking. The food is pretty typical of what you get in Vegas prep aired to an average standard at an inflated price. The staff is also pretty typical Vegas, lacK of experience with a pulse. I often dine alone since my trips are for business. I work for one of the shows out here so I am always around the building. The often blank stare no personality hostess is put off by having to seat one and will always try and get you to sit at the bar. The bar with its uncomfortable foo foo hard plastic bar stools is always loud due to its hard tile surfaces. The service is unpredictable depending on who is working at the bar. The take out can be a good option but it's take it as it is. Pre made and don,t ask for it any other way. Once again young no personality who gives a shit attitude. Even Burger King will give it to you your way if you ask at a fraction of the price. They are open all the time which is a plus since I often finish working late.
4	Not sure about the bad reviews but we really enjoyed the place. Open 24 hours and serving comfort foods. We had the Mahi fish tacos which was very nice portion of 3 tacos. The veg had a nice Kale salad with goat cheese and a wonderful dressing. The food at the Mandalay bay was outstanding overall and made staying there a real plus. They also have a nice grab and go area in the lobby of the restaurant that had a nice selection.
2	Skip it, skip it, skip it.  Food was just okay, service was less than okay, and the prices for the food were the equivalent to spending steak money on a 10% patty.  When my wife asked the server what was on tap, he said "nothing" and walked away with no suggestions,If you find yourself stuck at Mandalay Bay on a Sunday night, understand:They know it too.  They shut everything down but this hole, so you have no choice on where to go.Tip, order a Pizza or walk to Jack in the Box!
2	Had dinner here on my last visit to Vegas and it was just okay.  Honestly, I was travelling solo on business and it was the only resto in Mandalay Bay that had open tables so, I really didn't have a choice.I ordered their French Onion Soup to start, which was pretty good.  It was definitely cheesy and baked to perfection but the broth wasn't as robust as I'd hope it would be, however, they sure didn't skimp on the onions!  Soup was $12.For my entree, I had their Lobster Roll w/Pasta Salad.  I've had my taste of what a true Lobster Roll tastes like from a couple spots in the East Coast.  Unfortunately, this Lobster Roll had more pieces of celery than lobster; it was really disappointing, especially with a $23 price tag. The Pasta Salad also seemed like it was under cooked; the pasta that is.Overall, there are FAR, FAR, FAR better spots to eat in Vegas, can't speak for the other restos in Mandalay Bay.  So, unless you're in a pinch like I was, I'd skip this place.
5	This place was awesome! We happened upon this place while we were knocking out our bucket list item of walking the entire strip. Our waiter Joey was friendly & attentive. The General Manager... I think his name was Nick (?) seated us, and was also extremely personable. Will definitely be back when friends and family come into town to visit. Try: Mac n' Cheese & Carrot Cake!
3	Ate here while staying at TheHotel @ Mandalay Bay.  Our meal was very simple: Cobb salad, patty melt, 2 beers.  The burger was indulgent- it's basically 2 grilled cheese sandwiches (very thin bread) with a burger in the middle.  Came with fries and was pretty good, but nothing special by any means.  Given that it's Vegas, I forgive the $20/entree, but the food was just alright.  Next time I'll make the short walk to the burger bar.
3	Staying at Mandalay Bay, we ate breakfast here several times, and the breakfast was always solid. The lattes were good, regular coffee was also tasty, and you get a lot of food for the price. The downside was the service - we never really had a good server the whole time we were there. I'm not sure why the middle-of-the-road restaurants in Vegas seem to have such lack-luster staff - you'd think that people would be lining up for those jobs, but we seem to only get good servers in the super-high-end places. Anyway, Citizens is worth the money for breakfast - and if you can share a plate, even better.
4	Citizens Kitchen & Bar is located inside the Mandalay Bay hotel. They offer the typical American fare. The interesting thing about this place that I did not know at first is that they have an actual restaurant and they also have a to-go area where all of the salads and sandwiches are basically pre-made and ready to be sold. I came here twice on my most recent visit and ate once at the restaurant and I also got some food to-go the other time.When I did eat at the restaurant, the service was great. The host was very nice and so was the server. The manager even stopped by to ask how my meal was going. They definitely take customer service seriously here which is a good thing!Food:Chicken Cobb Salad- Chicken, cheese, egg, cucumber, tomato and bacon. The salad was pretty good and refreshing. They also give you a choice of what dressing you want, but I stuck with the typical cobb salad dressing which is bleu cheese. $18Turkey Avocado- Turkey, cheese, sprouts, tomato, lettuce, avocado, lemon aioli on a cranberry walnut bread. A really good sandwich for the most part. It tasted really healthy which is good since I always eat the worst food while I'm in Vegas. $18French Dip Steak- Thin sliced prime rib, caramelized onions, provolone cheese and au jus. Served with cole slaw and a pickle. This was probably one of the best tasting French dips that I've had. Towards the end it started to be a little on the salty side, but overall I thought it was a delicious sandwich. $19Typically, I would probably lower it to 3 stars since the prices are pretty high for the amount of food, but it is Vegas and nothing in Vegas is cheap. I've spent over $10 on a lousy piece of pizza before so I'd rather spend $20+ on a delicious sandwich! I would definitely recommend Citizens Kitchen & Bar to anyone that is at the Mandalay Bay and is looking for your typical American food.
4	Very good calamari. The breading and seasoning on it made it awesome. I also had the Mac and cheese with ham. It was a nice blend of cheese but not too heavy on the cheese. I also like that it wasn't oily. Sometimes other places have a pool of oil from the cheese at the bottom of the bowl. Not here. Perfectly cooked. Mmmmm. They have tater tots!
2	Stopped in for some hot chocolate, it came out warm not hot and our server was very apathetic. We were there for maybe 30 minutes and he never checked on us once. No plans to ever return.
2	3 stars for the food and fast service. But I'm pretty sure my friends and I got the Norwalk virus here. Minus at least one star for that! So that kinda was not fun for the rest of the weekend. The tot mash was great. But then we had lunch there and I watched a buser pick something out of our calamari bowl. Anyhow... Wish I could have given this more stars! But 3/4 of our group left with acute gastroenteritis. At least we didn't gain weight in Vegas!
2	Went to Citizens in July. Juice bar has good flavors, chunky monkey in particular! We started w/ calamari (yum) and buffalo wings (way to spicy for my taste) I ordered the steak quesadillas for my main entree and lets just say I wouldn't order them again. Service is great though
3	Went there late night and they have a very limited after hours menu. Food was just ok. Little pricey for what we got but the service was great.
3	The food here wasn't bad, but it wasn't particularly good either. Pair that with the relatively high prices ($9 breakfast burrito, $9 smoothies, etc) and it's not a particularly high value proposition. The smoothie I got was the "Green..." something? I can't remember. But it had Kale and Avocado in it, and wasn't bad. My stomach wasn't feeling to great from a heavy dinner the night before, and it had a soothing effect. However it wan't the best kale smoothy I've had, and was probably the most expensive I've ever had at $9, so ehhh... The breakfast burrito wasn't particularly good, but it was hearty and satisfying. They are pre-made in the morning, so you can't change anything about them. And while they are pre-made they need to be grilled to order, so they take quite some time. The worst of both worlds overall, but still was the best option for a relatively quick and hearty breakfast in the morning. Still, we stopped by here almost every morning that we were staying at Mandalay bay for a business conference, as there really wasn't much competition for quick morning eats in the vicinity. I would likely stop by and get food here if I was attending morning conference sessions at the Mandalay Bay conference center again, but probably not outside of that circumstance.
3	I've been here before on another trip to Vegas, and enjoyed the food, this trip I have mixed reviews....The first day we stopped in for lunch, I ordered a chicken Caesar a box of cut fruit, and a sandwich to share - the fruit came to me molded, and when I asked for a new one, she gladly gave it to me, but put the old one back in the case!  A bottle of water was $5 - bringing our small-ish lunch to share to $40.  We thought we'd give it another try the following day, it was better - the food may have been restocked overnight, not sure, but sandwich was great, fruit was fresher, water was still $5 - and total was $43 again, but better experience over all.  Ate out on the patio outside, not served, may be a different experience - overall great when on the go in Vegas, just a little pricey for a sandwich and salad.
4	Had a great breakfast there (order the pancakes). However, service is to be desired.  Had to request an item I ordered multiple times to get it. Would eat there again though.
3	I stayed at THEhotel with my friends and we ate here because it was the least expensive compared to the other places nearby. I will say that they have tasty sandwiches, salads and burgers. Great for the price! Service was good too, so no complaints here with this place. The decor was pretty cool as well.
3	The food was okay. The service was slow, definitely do not go if you are in a hurry. For the prices and the lack of speed I was expecting something a little bit better. The food did it's job though. The restaurant is cute and we had a good time.
5	Story:  I ordered a slice if cake at around 11pm that my wife and I was going to share.  We had no idea of how much it was going to cost. Upon paying my wife asked for a cup of water. I followed. Total came to nearly 12 bucks and I hand over the credit card. Cashier hands me card back and wife says, why so expensive?  Found out it costs $1 per cup for tap water. I was upset but cashier tells me sorry, already ran the card. I left feeling ripped off.  While my wife picked up cake I asked for manager to come to my table. Sean came over and listened to my complaint. Afterwards I learned employee was new, and that the $1 charge was because of night club people often came in just for water.  He then asked how he could make it right. In the end he did way more than we asked. He turned around an a angry customer.  Having said that the cake was really good as well. I'd go back. Hopefully they will be informing customers about the charge for water.
3	I have ordered take out from here several times. The food is just ok. Prices are a bit high. The carrot cake is amazing.
5	Saturday night when i left LIGHT nightclub it was about 4am and i was starving! i walked out about 2 steps and walked directly into what looked like heaven... it wasn't but it was citizens. 24/7 whatever you can think of. i love these types of places because you can always get what your craving at the right hour. i got a burger and fries that hit the spot. i will be back again for sure maybe for a normal time dinner!!
3	After getting in on a super-delayed flight, standing in line at 2 am for check-in, and making our way to the room, the ONLY place with food that was open was Citizens.The very comfortable comfort food did the trick, and the price was pretty super.  Also of note was the service.  It was hoping, as you would expect, and the servers were high energy.  Citizens hit the spot!
5	Citizens at Mandalay is the best 24 hour restaurant in the city and is a great place to get something to eat anytime of the day. My favorite items are the French onion soup and the prime rib. Also if you are in a hurry the deli counter is a great place to check out.
3	I wasnt that impressed with Citizens. The service was really slow and the food was eh. The restaurant is located in the Mandalay Bay right across from Light. The decor is nice and casual with a pretty open floor plan. There are big windows that allow you to people watch while you eat. We went there twice because they are the only place open 24 hrs. Before the club I had the chicken penne. The penne was cooked perfectly but the sauce to pasta ratio was way off, the penne was swimming. After the club I had the fish and chips. The cod is nice and large but its the breading that killed the dish for me. The cod was beer battered but there was so much beer in the batter, it made my fish taste like fried bud light. Way too over powering to finish not even hot sauce could save it. Id go back if in Vegas again but I would just try my luck with other items.
2	Breakfast was a waste.  Pancakes were not fresh.  Tasted like they were out of a warmer. They were stuck together as if they had been sitting and sweating on each other for an hour. Eggs were a 3 on a 1-10 scale. Then the dish came with some unadvertised glop that appeared to be an attempt as a south west style hash brown mixture but all it did was make the rest of my food taste like hot peppers.
3	Really pricey for the quality. However, it is a go-to for a quick bite for breakfast. The warm sandwiches may be a little too greasy for the health conscious. They also have Krispie Kreme donuts for a ridic price. Freshly made juices may be your best deal.
5	I heard they changed up their menu so I had to go back! They still have my favorite queso dip but what I tried and enjoyed was the teriyaki, chicken & veggie bowl. The portions weren't overwhelmingly large but just right. My next trip I'll have to try the brunch. Enjoy?
4	Citizen in Mandalay bay is my favorite lunch spot. So many options. You can grab a bite from the counter and take it to go in under minutes or you can choose to sit down at the bar/dinning room. Super friendly staff. I had a shaved steak sand which  served with fries on the side. Very delicious and the fries come in a super cute mini fryer basket. So much food to try here that I will def be back. This is my favorite lunch spot on the strip.
2	Ate at bar. Bartender / server Raquel could care less.  No sense of hospitality. No greeting. No eye contact. Not that busy. Not even basic Waffle House service. As a local our visitors deserve much better and there are people here who need jobs and could easily make a better impression. Who trained and supervises the staff here?** UPDATE 2/10/14 **Within a few days both the bartender and GM wrote to me directly with their sincere apologies and regrets for this lapse in service. While you would expect this of the GM, for the bartender to do this independently is a very stand up thing to do.  Both showed integrity and pride in their work in doing so.  I'm a local and will go back on my own (no comps) in the near future and see if this was an isolated incident or not.
5	As good as it gets as far as comfort food goes! Love the meatball grinder. Can even grab a coffee here, lattes are great! Def a must!
5	Citizens is the best 24 hour restaurant in Las Vegas. It is the perfect place to grab a bite at any time of the day. Try the French onion soup or if your really hungry, get the prime rib. Also If your in a hurry you can always order from the deli counter.
1	Citizens Kitchen & Bar has been probably one of the WORST Vegas dine-in experiences that I have ever had off the strip. Not only was the food sub par, but the service was god awful atrocious. It took me 20 minutes to get a refill of water, and 30 minutes to put in a drink order. To make matters even worse, my credit card was charged 4 times the value of the food, and wasn't even voided. When I've tried to get a call back from the staff to rectify the situation, they just tell me they'd call me back but never do. Horrible restaurant, horrible service, horrible rating. HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT from the Light Group.
4	Great. Tried fish tacos, their specialty, and they were awesome. Since I'm new to fish tacos I have no baseline but I do know a new fave. Others in my party ordered anything from fish and chips to quinoa salad. All were equally fantastic.  Service friendly and a nice touch is the manager comes around to ask how everything was.
2	Meh. Service is decent. Food selection is mediocre. Food is okay. This place is pricey, hence the two star rating. Actually, this place is not worth the money in all honesty. That being said, it's open late, choices are rather limited
3	Food (Breakfast) was wonderful.  Waffles, steak, and Juice smoothies were great actually.  The price is a different story - yes it is expensive.We had lunch here as well - their Steak chili frieds are fabulous.  Sandwiches are ok.  Cobb salad was no bueno, but bbq chicken salad is good.Their servers are decent.  They screwed up our togo order (horribly) - that is why the 3 stars instead of 4 stars.
1	I never received such horrible customer service in my life.It all started when my friend and I asked for 2 cups of water (tap).  They told us it cost $1.00 each, which really set me back because at least in California, charging for tap water is illegal.  I was raising that concern to my friend until the cashier barked at us "SINCE YOU GUYS ARE MAKING SUCH A BIG DEAL OUT OF THIS, JUST TAKE THE WATER AND DON'T PAY. IT'S FREE".  Incredibly rude.I tried to not overreact and ignored her flagrant unprofessionalism, and proceeded to sit down to eat my sandwich.  As my friend was about to sit next to me, she yelled at us "YOU CAN'T SIT THERE, YOU HAVE TO SIT OUTSIDE AT THE PATIO".  I looked around to see if the indoor tables were closed or something, but there were a bunch of people sitting around us.  I then realized that this was some sort of punishment for complaining about the water surcharge.What the hell.  If I wasn't so tired and hungry, I would've raised hell.  I guess that's what Yelp is for.
3	Although Mandalay Bay already has a cafe(Raffles), the food here is very similar to Vegas cafes with exception of some specialty entrees. A little bit pricey for cafe food but pretty good quality. Came here for dinner on a Saturday night, not too busy and were immediately seated. The server was very friendly, took our order right away and frequently came back to check on our table. There wasn't a long wait for the food to come out as compared to the irritatingly slow food at Raffles.The Tuna Melt I ordered was superb! I know it's a simple dish, but you can tell a huge difference between the sandwich here and a $5.99 melt somewhere else. The tuna had great quality while the bread and cheese were grilled to perfection. I love the crunchy softness.My friend ordered the French Dip Steak which was very good as well.This place is well-worth coming back to if it was comp'd again! hahaBut I'd probably just stick to a cheaper cafe or grill if I were craving a sandwich.
3	Truly a 3-star restaurant. Citizens has a down to earth vibe that reminds you of a Classic American diner...until you see the $4 price for a cup of coffee. But then again, you're not really in America, you're in Vegas. Unlike other Mandalay spots, this is a good spot if you know how to order. The $8 side of eggs during brunch is RIDICULOUS. Don't do it. Interestingly, the $2 side of toast is worth it: two slices so large they are a breakfast in themselves. My regular way to start the day at a Vegas trade show at Mandalay is with the chocolate peanut butter smoothie ($9) and that side of toast ($2). For $11, it's a great starter to an intense day on your feet. And speaking of being on your feet, the floors in Mandalay leading into Citizens are crazy slippery. I'm shocked people aren't breaking their hips on a regular basis. I ate at Citizens twice this week while in town for the Project trade show and nearly fell over another guest waiting in line for a table. The service at Citizens definitely makes up for the overpriced menu. Servers are cheery but not cheesy and just conversational enough. Not bad, but really overpriced (isn't everything in Vegas), so definitely NOT great.
4	Probably the best value for the price of the places I ate in Las Vegas. Huge portions for comfort food in a clean and friendly atmosphere. I ended up eating here twice. The first time, got the French Onion Soup which literally was in a "cup" the size of my head. Really great flavors and hit the spot for something light, yet filling for lunch. The second time, I had the potato skins. The pico de gallo as a topping choice was great. You are still paying the Vegas premium prices, but not to the extent of other places when it comes to a hearty and filling lunch, particularly when you don't want to go to a food court.
4	I was very pleased with my meal after giving this restaurant a shot. It's conveniently across from The Light Nightclub which is the whole reason why we even ate there in the first place.For starters, the service is grand! I had a great time cracking jokes with our waiter as well as for some of the other staff. They're extremely helpful and always try to guide you in the right direction. The food was averagely priced and not bad at all. The wait time wasn't that bad either but that was probably because we were there an hr before closing time.I enjoyed the salad I chose as well as the drinks they stirred up for me. The rest of my group really enjoyed their burgers here too. I think knowing that this restaurant exists will better my future stays at the Mandalay Bay.  I'm looking forward to see what other tasty meals I'll have here.
5	Never would have thought you could get such amazing customer service at 130am this Resturant has the looks and taste that we all deserve. The food was amazing and beer selection was just what I like the scenery of lovely ladies all around you that are just leaving club Light was a plus but not at good as my food lol Definitely coming back I recommend trying any of there burgers or steak or really anything on the menu. Awesome
5	Good restaurant with a great selection of items. Menu has items that are good at any time of the day, and they're also open late.
3	Items here are actually quite expensive, especially for what they are.  Cost aside though, the food here is purely average.  If you decide to order something here, it is likely pre made.  All of the sandwiches were pre assembled and sitting together in a large container with the same sandwiches.The smoothies were pretty good. We tried the green machine smoothie and I thought it was enjoyable.The cashiers here both times I visited were pretty nice and service was not an issue, although I did order something that they didn't already have pre made, so I did have to wait a little bit longer than everyone else, including a few people who ordered after me.
4	We stayed at the Mandalay Bay and ate at Citizens twice; one for a rather late dinner on the night of our arrival, and then again for a more reasonably timed dinner.Yes, the prices are a bit high, but it's Vegas and compared to other places, this really wasn't so bad.  Plus, the portions are large, which always helps with the sticker shock.In our visits we had the chicken club, turkey burger, tots, onion soup, calamari, and bacon burger.  Everything was good, no complaints.The onion soup comes in a HUGE mug, so note that it's not really an appetizer type soup.  Thankfully I saw someone eating it otherwise I likely would have ordered way too much food!The hours were great as it was the only food option that was open when we arrived.
1	Citizens is just a horrible example of a standard hotel restaurant.  The food was mediocre but priced on the high end of other similar restaurants.  The service was poor and the server was very inattentive.
3	Food was just okay and no one was very happy.  When the waiter talked to us it seemed forced/fake. I would not go back.
3	Best spot for a latte in Mandalay bay. Great sandwiches, French fries, etc. always a friendly staff. I recommend giving this a try if you're near by!!
5	Citizens gets 5 stars in my book. Hands down the best place to eat after 12a.m in vegas. Prices might seem a little high but when you see the portions you won't be complaining and let's face it, this is vegas and you have to pay for quality.  The staff is great here and upbeat. If you find yourself in Mandalay Bay stop by citizens for a bite!
1	The cafe has the worst customer service ever including a not so friendly staff. We ordered a grilled cheese and a shake. After waiting for 15 minutes (mind you the place was dead), the girl brings our shake to us stating that she forgot about it. No mention of the grilled cheese, we walked up to the counter and asked the status on that order. The girl look puzzled and stated that she burned our sandwich and would make a new one. The panini press is in plain site, and no sandwich was ever made to be "burned". The manager was on the side of the cafe making a drink, then brought it out to a girl outside of the establishment. We highly don't recommend this place, unless you like waiting for your food that will never come, and like to experience some of the worst customer service.
4	Citizens is located within Mandalay Bay and is a great place for a low key lunch or laid back dinner. The concept is open with indoor and "outdoor" (walking area of hotel)seating as well as to-go options. Aesthetics could be described as a classy American diner.When my coworker and I landed at night, we were starving and quickly decided on Citizens. I went for the French Onion Soup and a side of the Mac and Cheese. Be warned! The French Onion Soup is not meant to be an appetizer. It comes in a very large bowl and was a meal in and of itself-I'm sad to say much of it was wasted, as delicious as it was. The mac and cheese was also quite good. I also had a glass of red wine-which also came in a huge glass. Ok wine, but not worth the price tag. Days later, when my husband and I were enjoying the pool, we were looking for food options and decided on Citizens for take out by the pool. We opted for the chicken and cheese quesadillas which came with sides of guacamole, sour cream, and pico de gallo. The portions were large once again and the quesadillas were excellent! If you're staying within Mandalay or an MGM resort, you may charge it to your room, along with any other restaurants.
2	Maybe being in l Las Vegas a few days spoils you, had an afternoon snack , it was just ok, attentive service, bland fish tacos, horrible Quessadilla!! Overall  not a Fan.
4	This place is amazing located inside of mandalay bay it has the best brunch in vegas on sat and sun, known as the hangover brunch . If u have a late night in vegas and want to get back on track i definitely recommend there hang over brunch
3	Staying at Mandalay Bay and this seemed like a good place to get dinner.I actually just had the calamari and a cocktail. The drink seemed pretty watered-down, but the food was really good. Loved the sauces.Only giving it three stars because of the service. The waiter took my order, and checked on me about a minute after my food was delivered, and then disappeared. The server that brought out my food accidentally spilled one of the sauces all over my table. He only half wiped it up and gave me another napkin. I ended up grabbing another napkin off an adjacent table and finished cleaning up the mess myself.I finished my drink and set my plate aside, waiting to put in another drink order and possibly order dessert. Nobody checked on me- I was just ignored. After about 15 minutes- I gave up and waved the waiter down for my bill. I went next door to Starbucks for coffee and dessert.I don't like being constantly bothered by waiters, but I would think if someone's drink is empty or they are clearly done eating- they would make some effort to see if the diner wants something else. It wasn't even busy.I'll probably end up eating there again- since the food was good, and reasonably priced for a Las Vegas restaurant.
2	Attracted by the idea of comfort food done upscale brought us to Citizens hoping to find food akin to some of the similar concepts around town.  Although the decor is actually quite nice and the pastries do look tasty (we didn't sample them) we were utterly underwhelmed by the delivery.  Our server was friendly and honest( very much appreciated) and responded to our requests for suggestions very well but we got the impression our server had sampled all the offerings and was having a real struggle recommending anything to us.  I started off with a drink called American Pie (you guessed it, apple flavored) which was the best thing I had all night, right down to the ring of cinnamon around the martini glass.We shared a spinach artichoke dip which had a sprinkle of parmesan on top.  The chips were a mixed bag of tortilla chips and pita chips.  The problem were some chips were soggy and stale tasting and some were crisp and fresh. The pita was mostly hard with a few soft bites.  The dip itself was lacking in flavor but tasted ok.  For our meal, at the server's suggestion we split an entree due to large portion size.   To our delight, the split entree was brought on two separate plates.  Some establishments do not separate it for you and I thought that was a nice touch.However the blue cheese burger was quite disappointing.  The bun was boring, the burger dry and over cooked, and the blue cheese had no distinguishable flavor from a goat cheese.   The mac and cheese with hamhock also lacked any identifiable cheese flavor with only a light hint of a mild cheddar.  The side of fries were soggy matchstick size fries.I expected more from an establishment in the Mandalay Bay.There are a few interesting menu items but when we asked about them, the server hesitated to recommend them.They do have a hangover brunch with $25 bottomless mimosas.They also have a 24 burgers in 24 minutes challenge for $40.00 unless you eat them all and then it is free.  I can't imagine I will be back unless it is just to sample a dessert.
3	The hostess seated us fairly quickly, and I like the outside tables. Our waiter was rude, and didn't really take care of us, but it's open 24-7. Important in VEGAS.
5	We had an excellent experience at Citizen, and we totally credit our server, Michael for it. We were passing time during the college basketball championship game and decided to go to the aquarium and grab a bite to eat. We were seated at a nice table and the kids ordered sandwiches and I had a Maryland Mary (their version of a Bloody Mary) which is made with a homemade Bloody Mary mix. The sandwiches were a full meal, very nicely done. The Bloody Mary was REALLY good: very spicy and very flavorful. Couldn't even taste the vodka, which is how I like it, but it was definitely there. Yum. Our server Michael was very attentive, we didn't order a large or fancy meal, but we were treated like we did. Our water glasses were always full. We felt like he genuinely cared about our dining experience. We will definitely be back!
3	The French dip was really good. Staff was pretty friendly until we had to ask for something they forgot to bring and then they didn't show up as much.
5	The food here is awesome!!!! We got the meatball app, the mahi mahi tacos, and the balboa steak sandwich. They were all amazing! I can't rave enough about the fish tacos!!! They were on point! Our waiter, Robert, was very kind and very helpful! He gave us a ton of suggestions, all of which were great! We will go back for sure!
4	Decent food, casual. VERY noisy. I had the Teriyaki bowl with brown rice and chicken. It was good.  Like most teriyaki sauce it was a but sweet for my preference but luckily there wasn't a ton on it. The chicken comes on a wooden skewer, fire grilled so it has lots of delicious flavor. Had a side mixed green salad to start, which was nice and fresh. Tell them easy on the dressing tho. Otherwise the dressing overpowers the salad. The bar seating is fine if you are in a hurry.
2	So sad I wanted to love this place but the fact they have no kids menu and I was charged $14 pls $5 for juice for my 5 yo makes it difficult to ever return. I assumed (my bad) there were opt for kids by the fact there where many kids seated only to find out there are Very little opt for my kiddo. The server was no help, slow to serve, never refilled my coffee and was put out when I asked to sub cantaloupe for the bananas....
4	Great play to stop by and eat. We went around lunch time. We ordered the artichoke spinach dip which was amazing! Definitely recommend trying! Also tried the balboa steak sandwich , fancy for a French dip. Very good! Service was great too.  Overall an enjoyable place to sit and eat good food.
1	World famous bacon egg on a kaiser roll. Add .50 for a donut. Mistake. . 50 more drops the kaiser roll entirely and they serve the eggs and bacon between 2 donuts . True gastrononsense. Dirty tables no attention to detail in cleaning. Why no spoons on their tables. Tragic won't come here again.
3	For a city that doesn't sleep, it sure is hard to find a place to eat at 3 in the morning, and it doesn't come cheap. The food is not bad, but its nothing special. You're paying $20 for a Chilis burger, but drunk you probably wont mind, sober you will when you see the bill in the morning.
4	Glad this place is 24/7... Came here straight from Light Nightclub ;p in dire need of something to eat. I got the turkey avocado. Such a good choice! It was soooo good! The sandwich consists of: turkey & avocado (duh! Lol), muenster cheese, sprouts, lemon aioli, and cranberry walnut bread. Everything went so well together... One of the best sandwiches I've ever tasted! And I really don't think it was because I was a bit tipsy lol. I also got the chunky monkey smoothie. Forgot what's it in... Chocolate, banana, and other stuff I think. But it's worth trying!!
3	It's nice that it is open late and that things are premade so it can be a quick grab and go, but it also is annoying that things are premade because you cannot customize anything. I don't like mayo and unfortunately every premade sandwich has mayo. I got the cous cous salad (twice). It was pretty good, although probably not worth the $12. Just veggies and cous cous, no meat at all. Something you could get at a deli or supermarket for like $4.  They have breakfast sandwiches too. I didn't have them, but I get the feeling they'd be descent.
3	What do you do when you're jet-lagged to within an inch of your life and know that if you don't eat soon you're going to Hulk out and make the news?The Hublet and I checked into Mandalay Bay for the 2013 IT Expo, threw our suitcases on the bed and dragged ourselves downstairs to try to bolt down some food before falling into an exhaustion coma.We chose Citizens as it was the first non-formal place to eat that our tired feet brought us to.The staff are polite and efficient, but the restaurant has a quick turnover feel to it and you do feel a scoosh rushed, however looking at the sea of people passing by you understand their desire to capitalize on the moneymaking potential.We ended up visiting Citizens twice during our stay in Vegas and tried the following:* Calamari appetizer: excellent.  I usually hate Marinara sauce with my calamari, preferred the gentle kiss of lemon juice, but their spicy sauce was a nice accompaniment.* BBQ Chicken Salad: basic but well done, although the chicken had a dry 'cooked earlier in the day & added at the last minute' feel.  Pretty to look at, well sized and filling.* Mushroom Blue Burger: this was a messy, messy meal that I enjoyed every second of.  Towering high, barely held together by a skewer, this rapidly fell apart and more napkins gave their lives here than for any other meal in Vegas.  Their sacrifice was not in vain.* Chicken Club Sandwich: the sourdough bread was the champion here, besides that it was a Club that wasn't any more or less tasty than any other Club sandwich, and the accompanying side of fries were delicious.Prices are higher than you'd expect for somewhere that feels like a lunch place, however I rapidly learned that everything is a little pricier in Vegas, so this is a good average priced choice by Vegas standards.  The food is tasty but not life changing, however by Vegas standards this is a great low-key place for grabbing a quick bite to eat.
2	Was just here, picked up a fresh juice. It was tasty. The cashier couldn't have been more unfriendly, totally flat and unwelcoming. I've been in the service industry for 8+ yrs even if you are having a bad day, you still have to suck it up, put a smile on your face and be nice to customers! So juice gets five stars, service gets two stars.
2	Staff members are unprofessional and lazy. I waited 15 minutes longer for hot tea water and asked for ice (ahead of time) and overheard an employee say "we are out of ice and I'm not going to the bar to get it!" If you are too lazy to help a customer, I suggest a new line of work.
5	Conveniently located in Mandalay Bay, always a warm welcome from the staff. Raika was the hostess at the front as I observed the menu from outside, she sold me with a simple welcome and smile. When I'm hungry I don't like the process of going somewhere and sitting down for an hour before I get my food. Citizens is an excellent "fast food" choice with quality food and several healthy options. Open 24 hours have a seat or grab a sandwich to go. Competitive prices and outstanding good an staff. I just may take a ride down there now.
1	This past weekend we were in Vegas and stayed at Mandalay Bay.  We stopped at Citizens late on Friday night as we needed just a bit of food to get us through till breakfast.  I ordered the grilled cheese - which looked awesome - but in reality, it was awful.  It tasted bad from the get go and had me throwing up later that night.  $11 for a grilled cheese that will make you sick?  Ya, I think not.Sunday morning on our way out, my girlfriends stopped there to grab a quick bite and it pretty much ended in the same result.  NO one liked the food. Service was meh...Definitely don't think we will be going back there.
4	Excellent food! Great service! They're very quick with service, and very friendly. You can have a great meal and move along so you can explore the rest of Fabulous Las Vegas! Lobster roll, turkey sandwich, anything you get will be amazing! Lizzy is a great bartender also.
4	This place is amazing!!! The bartender, Lizzy, is my fav! She had some wonderful menu & drink recommendations. I had the turkey avocado sandwich and the raging bull cocktail...both to die for. Also, to my girls and gays--there is a ton of gorgeous eye candy...you won't be disappointed!!!
5	This place has the best sandwiches in vegas.  The portions are HUGE!  It's a perfect place to eat after partying at Light.
5	I was in town for a few days for a conference and wandered in to Citizens for lunch on the first day.  The food was pretty good, had the cobb salad, which isn't going to be a mind blowing experience no matter where you go, lol.  But because the bartender - Raquel - was super cool, I actually ended up going back two more times the following days.  I got the mahi tacos - bomb - and the chicken wings - good chicken, but a tad over sauced.  I give this place a solid 5 just because I like chatting with Raquel.  But the mahi tacos are definitely worth it too.  if you are looking for some decent food and cool people, definitely give this place try.
1	I'm sorry but the cashier had a very bad attitude and literally made us stand aside and wait thru 20+ more customers when finally another gal who had originally taken our order realized we were STILL waiting! She gave the girl at the register a look as to WHY didn't you call out their order?? She ran and got the cake. In all we waited almost 30 minutes for 2 pieces of ALREADY made cake while people after us actually were getting HOT food!!!
1	I ordered a tuna salad sandwich, which costs $11 on the menu, and was charged $12 for it. When I asked the cashier about it, I was told that the price had just changed but they hadn't adjusted the registers yet, and was asked, "Do you want to speak to a manager over $1?" Being on the lookout for tuna salad sandwich orderers everywhere, I answered affirmatively. The manager, who gave his name as "Sean", came out and refunded my dollar, and claimed it was a computer glitch. With surprisingly quick wit given the high stakes, your fearless hero responded that in my many years of ordering food around the world,  I have never experienced this glitch, to which the cashier responded, "Welcome to Vegas." Differing stories? A cheesy quote about Vegas? Suspicious? You, dear reader, decide.While a single dollar is insignificant in the grand scheme of things, what with rye bread falling in popularity and Justin Bieber getting in trouble with the law, I suspect they may overcharge customers regularly and only refund when people ask.
3	Excellent brunch option in the Mandalay Bay, however, the service is hit or miss.  On one weekend we had fantastic service followed by invisible service the next day.   The food was great on our first visit and the server accommodating to dietary needs and requests making us fall in love with the place.   The second visit, our server was totally slammed and he was very much absent minded, leaving us to wait over 20 minutes for a Mimosa from the clearly empty bar next to us.   He also wasn't really down with the hospitality and wouldn't let my guest order the exact same thing she enjoyed the day before which struck me as a little odd.   Had we not been in a hurry, we would have probably asked to see a Manager but it was so busy we just sucked up and left.   What a difference a day makes......
4	Came here after a night out with the boys.I don't recall much but I did order a reuben sandwich.  Let's just say she would be disappointed if she saw it!  Yep the sandwich itself was massive and for sure I wasn't able to finish it....or was it!?  Needless to say, I ended up downing the whole thing while chatting away about the night.  The toast was crunchy from the outside and soft towards the middle, giving it a nice crunch while you sink your teeth into the warm cornbeef.  Add a little zing and sting from the sauce and we're all good.  The place itself was packing quick from the late-nighters.  Loud as it should be while some of the unlucky one continue to work their magic for one last hurrah at a one-nighter! - Enjoy!
2	Slow as molasses in an igloo. A line of ten deep took 25 minutes to go through. Also severely overpriced. $25 for a pre-made panini, two croissants and a bottle of water ($5!) yikes.
5	Excellent!  Love this place, great service as well as food.  I've been here 4 times and love their French dip-get it!  Raquel is an amazing bartender!  You have to sit at her bar, immaculate!  Clean organized and ready to serve you with a smile.  I've tended bar for 10 years myself and she hits the nail right on the head.  Can't wait to go back!!!
3	After drinking numerous shots of who knows what out of a leg-shaped chalice, I ended up here with my husband hungry as hell. Surprisingly it was open. It is actually one of the few restaurants on the strip that is open 24 hours a day. Thank goodness! I was told that no outside drinks were allowed, so I had to chug the last third of my drink on the spot. #WinningOur server was smug and took our order quickly. We ordered a Stella (I had water, boooooo), fried calamari and home mustard buffalo wings. When our food arrived, it was more than enough for two people. The wings were juicy and flavorful. The bleu cheese dressing was creamy and not tangy like some cheap substitutes. Fried calamari wasn't greasy and we ended up scarfing that down first. All in all, a good experience. So why not 5 stars? Our server went M.I.A. after he dropped our food off and getting our food to us took longer than expected for two appetizers. Still, this is a place I'll be coming back to the next time I'm in Vegas.
3	I don't know how I should feel about this place.Citizens Kitchen & Bar is located in the center of the restaurant row in Mandalay Bay, and as such, it ain't cheap. We had Kale Salad and Chicken Sandwich, while both were pretty good, they charged $5 each for the water bottle. We just asked for water and they charged $10 automatically without asking. It might work for one-off tourists, but I don't think that's a sustainable business practice for locals.The food quality was not bad, thus three stars.
5	Great service! Great food! The servers are very nice. They have many good juices to try. The tots were out of this world. Worth a try. I loved them. Coming back soon!
1	My wife and I come to vegas each year for a conference, and have eaten here often, this last time though, the service was extremely sub par.  Our server 'Danny' made zero effort to check and see if the kitchen could make my wife two eggs for her special food allergies, and brought us the wrong sides.  My wife couldn't eat, and I got the wrong thing. I think we'll keep walking next time and eat at the border grill.
3	Mediocre food at best. My friends and I were desperately trying to find a restaurant in Mandalay Bay to eat at before we headed to Daylight. So we just settled for this place. Food: I asked the server for recommendations and he recommended the corn beef hash skillet. Since he said it was one of the popular dishes, I took his word for it and I was so disappointed when I got it. It was lukewarm and just not good, wasted my $16 on a dish I didn't even finish. Service: Our server was nice and came promptly to take our orders and refill our waters throughout the time we were there. However, there was a situation that happened when we were paying. We asked for the server to split our bill by entrees and when he return with our change. My friend didn't her change back. We are generous but we weren't going to tip you $10 alright.Definitely not a memorable dining experience for me in Vegas!
5	Great food affordabke for Vegas most try onion soup giantnormous.
2	"Every time I come in the kitchen, you in the kitchen." -- Friday (1995)So disappointing. After an amazing show at House of Blues, my friends and I were starving. We wandered through our hotel looking to see what was open and had a menu of lighter fare and found Citizens. They could seat us right away so we went for it.The service was horrific. Slow, and when our waiter did show up he was so quiet you could barely hear him and anything we did understand, he was a but rude. We ordered our sandwiches, soups, pastas, etc. and he disappeared. Drinks were barely filled and it took ages to get our food.Once we actually got our food, it was nothing to write home about - although my club-like sandwich was huge. However, it was so dry it was very hard to get through. My pasta salad was pretty decent, but not really what you want to be excited about when you order a sandwich. This is definitely on my list to avoid in the future - I'd probably have to be desperate to eat here again.  Pretty disappointing since it seemed like it should have been a good experience.
1	Bland. Slow. Cold. Food came out one at a time - one of our girls didn't get her gross breakfast burrito until 30 min after we all got our food.  "crispy potatoes" inside of breakfast burrito were mushy French fries. Mgr. tried to "save" the service by offering "shots" which ended up being watered down blueberry vodka - I swear I saw him spit into one bringing it up to his mouth at the bar.  SAVE YOURSELF and avoid.
3	I've decided to hold off this review because I wanted to come here a couple of times to make sure it was just because I was starving. The food is decent, but massively over-priced, but it is open 24hrs. Large portions, make it easy to do a tapas style meal. Order a couple of appetizers and get a salad and you get a pretty decent meal without having to gorge yourself on one entree.OK service, decent menu selection, and they have pastries, and smoothies. Try it out.
2	We tried the pre-show special for $29.  It came with either salad or onion soup,  prime rib,  and chocolate cake.   Salad was pretty decent but the prime rib tasted very dry.  Definitely not worth $29.  :(
2	Food is ok, but waaaayyyy overpriced. They stop serving breakfast items at 11 even though they are on the regular menu with no indication you can't order them all day. The entire line was bummed out by that info at 1115 when I tried to order a bacon egg & cheese, because we all wanted the same thing! Service is terribly slow and the girls behind the counter don't have a sense of urgency when the line is out the door. Save yourself the money and aggravation.
2	Seriously worst service ever.  The waiter didn't even acknowledge our table for about 10 minutes.  We put our food and drink order then.  We waited and waited and waited for our food.  We ordered a salad and grilled chicken sandwich.  It took over 45 minutes for our food and not once did our server come over.  We almost left drink money and left.  The food was good but the service was  ridiculous.
5	Only ordered at this place from the walk up counter for breakfast and lunches. In a sea of super expensive mediocre spots, I found Citizens to be a good place for a sammy and salad. Was the the food pricey for what it was? This is The Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas, so yes and yes.I gave it 5 stars though because of all of the restaurants in the hotel, this seems to be the only one that deserves to have a line.
1	Talk about a disappointment! I want to first say that our server was amazing and tried his best to give us the best service ever. Thank you!! My friend and I were hungry after a late night on the town, we were staying at MB and were craving burgers. We got there and were seated right away. My friend ordered the French Dip Steak and it was horrible! The meat was dryer than the Las Vegas heat, no taste! The soup that came with it was bland and the pasta was disgusting. Meanwhile I had the hamburger that had no taste to it. Now usually if we were paying a cheap price, you get what you pay for. But these orders were $20 bucks a piece. And I understand that it's late at night, but either lower the price or give us fresh food. We let our server know that we didn't like our food (we couldn't even finish it) and didn't want anything else. Then the manager came and basically told us that they did ask us if we wanted anything else and "apologized". Yeah, whatever dude. At the end of it all we did get a cut off our total, but the whole experience was a total let down. If you're going to be serving food, all I ask is for it to be GOOD. Avoiding this place from now on.
2	Citizens Kitchen and Bar is located right in the mall, located close to the Mandalay. With 8 people in our party, we were seated very quickly at 7:00 pm on a Monday night.  The menu isn't as big as most restaurants in the surrounding area.  They have your typical bar-inspired foods - burgers, salads, soups, sandwiches, and a few selections of meat (stone chicken, skirt steak, prime rib, etc).Let's start off this review on a positive note.  Our server, George, was AMAZING!  He was very polite and patient with all of his customers.  He was very knowledgeable about the dishes and provided EXCELLENT customer service!  Thank you!  (George - here's a professional hint - when you serve tables of 6+ in the future, please inform your guests that there is an automatic gratuity of 18% already added in the bill.  There were 4 young kids and 4 adults at our table, and we trusted you enough to not check the bill close enough.  On top of your 18% automatic gratuity, we added an additional 20% tip on top of the entire bill because we weren't aware of the tip policy.  Hope you enjoyed your 41.6% tip ($85 tip on a $210 total bill)!   We weren't entirely mad because you did provide some excellent service!).This place is CRAZY LOUD.  There was a group of 5 ladies sitting at the bar yelling and screaming at each other, enjoying themselves.  My guess was that they were feeling good because of the day's intake of libations.  I was a bit dissapointed that the bartender didn't ask these ladies to quiet down a bit.  Some even used language that were inappropriate for people with families.  Welcome to Las Vegas.The food was a bit of a dissapointment.  We were excited to see that they had a fixed price meal for people who were attending the shows nearby.  For $29, you got a choice of an appetizer (Cesar salad or French Onion Soup), a main course (18 hour prime rib, stone chicken or pasta), and a slice of chocolate cake.   I've been shying away from eating too much red meat, but prime rib is done well here in most of the Las Vegas restaurants.  I opted for the Cesar Salad, the prime rib, and chocolate cake.The Cesar salad was very nice.  It was a generous portion of salad that had a delicious dressing.  I could have eaten this salad as my entire meal.  Kudos!The prime rib was pretty bad, as it was served lukewarm cold.  The fat parts of the meat were congealed because the meat was not served hot.  The prime rib is advertised as 18 hour cooked with rosemary.  There was little taste in the meat and it was a bit on the tough side.  I ended up giving most of my meal away to others on the table.The chocolate cake was what you can expect from a restaurant.  The cake was a bit on the dry side, but the frosting was nice and was not overly sweet.Food Grade:  D+Service Grade:  B+!  Thanks George!  Enjoy your $81 tip!Worth the Money Grade:  D+Overall Impression Grade: D+
1	Not impressed, not a lot of options, food was bland and over pricedFood - 1 starService - 4 stars
4	Open 24 hours, perfect for late night munchies. I've tried most items on the menu and so far I've been pretty happy with them. Will keep on coming for sure!
4	Loved the Mac and cheese w/ham hocks. Wife had Chicken Noodles which had more chicken than Noodles but still good. This place is better than average for 24 hour service. It was a little pricey, even for Vegas fare. However, the service was decent and it was a good spot to eat and watch a band play in the casino.
1	This was the worst customer service I had in my life.  I don't know if it as racist but they refused to seat met girlfriend and I.   And they were freely sitting other Caucasian people.
1	Dropping my rating from a two star to a one star DISASTER!I just wrote a review for the Citizens Kitchen & Bar last week.  I mentioned that the waiter George was "AMAZING!"   I retract my statement.  He is unethical and unprofessional.  He automatically included an 18% tip in our bill (see my original review) and not tell us about it (he got a 40% or an $80 tip on a $210 total bill).   We would have been OK with the 18% tip for a party of 8, but just tell us about it so we wouldn't double tip you!We just checked our credit card statements, and George DOUBLE CHARGED us when we asked him to split our bills.  This means that he charged us 150% for our food and drink bill!  UNETHICAL!  Here's a summary of this horrible restaurant:1)  We weren't told that Waiter George included an 18% tip on our bill.2)  We added an additional 20% tip, raising his tip to $85+ on a $210 bill.3)  We were charged an additional 50% for our food, bringing our total charge to $300+ on a food tab of $168.4)  To top it off, the food is HORRIBLE here!AVOID!  Shame on the owners and wait staff of Citizens Kitchen & Bar!  We're working with the credit card companies to resolve this mess!Food Grade:  D+Service Grade:  FWorth the Money Grade:  FOverall Impression Grade:  F!
3	Got appetizers here with my girlfriend at 1 in the morning after failing to find a 24 hour pizza joint. The kobe chili was excellent, and the calamari was good as well. The chorizo queso was too salty and had a weird texture.
4	This is the perfect late night spot. The food is actually pretty damn amazing. We had the French onion soup, the blue cheese burger and the mahi tacos. So glad we went. Would definitely go again.
3	I could see this place being like a regular breakfast place, the food is good, the portions are okay, and the prices are a little high but nothing more than you would expect in a tourist area. Not the greatest breakfast place I've even been to but about 5th or 6th on the list.
2	Service was not the worst but definitely not the best.  All the food tasted frozen, the artichoke dip, the calamari, even the beef. Not good. Pricey for frozen food!
1	This was bad. We had a dining credit due to our room at The Hotel being booked up so we tried it and it did not work out. This is the Mandalay Bay's answer to a 24/7 restaurant. We tried to go here twice. The first time was around midnight. The place was empty and I asked for another table so my sweetheart and I could sit side by side. There were probably 40 tables available. The hostess told me in an extra snotty manner that they are a 24 hour restaurant so they will need the four top table for another party. My sweetheart was offended by how she addressed me and suggested we leave immediately which we did. I should not have returned. The second time we returned I tried a side of mac and cheese and the French onion soup. The soup was meh. The mac and cheese was cold as if they didn't microwave it long enough. It was definitely microwaved. They were out of carrot cake. It was super super expensive- around $30 for one person. It was really really loud and hard to talk. Don't go here at all. There is no reason to. There are other places to eat like Grand Lux Cafe at the Venetian which are open 24/7 who won't be rude while overcharging you for bad food.
3	Citizens is the only 24 hour joint in MB. So while they may not offer the best service and are overpriced, sometimes you have to bite the bullet.I visited here twice during my stay, both times only using the counter service. The first time was late night for dessert. It took about 20 minutes for them to box up 2 pieces of cake and deliver them from the kitchen. That seems a little excessive to me. Good thing they quickly made me a tasty decaf mocha to sip on while waiting.The second time for breakfast. It is nice to have healthy options, so I indulged in a fresh made juice and a breakfast sandwich. Juice was good (I would hope so for $9!) and the sandwich was just ok as it was warmed in the microwave. We waited again about 20 minutes for the juice and the sandwich.On a previous stay, we have had sit down service. The food was pretty good, nothing stellar. I will be back because it is the only place to grab and go with decent food any time of the day you are ready to nosh without wanting to leave the hotel.
4	We stayed at MB recently and tried this out for lunch...some healthier menu options than other places at MB.  I ordered the chicken salad sandwich and loved it...very filling.  My wife ordered the turkey burger...she liked it, but felt it may have been a bit undercooked.  Not a cheap place, but this is Vegas.
1	Me and my family are here in Las Vegas for the SuperZoo convention and decided to stop and grab some lunch here at the Citizens Kitchen & Bar. That was a bad decision. It all started out alright, service was okay, server was nice enough. We came in and we're almost the only ones there.. As we sat they got busier and busier and that's when our service got worse and worse. Our food came and it was very bland, drinks very dry, and the service getting worse and worse. We would get the occasional how is everything, how are you guys doing followed by a dash off, not even to stop and hear the response to his question. My brother ordered a drink, to which he got a response that they don't have that drink, this was not the case. The actual waiter didn't know that they even had this drink on the menu.. Very disappointing service, very bland and tasteless food.. Definitely wouldn't recommend it if your here in Las Vegas..
1	Frank the server was very inappropriate in his attitude. We ate a quick breakfast here and paid with a credit card. The others in the group were paying the tip with cash. They quickly left for a conference and forgot to place the tip on the table. The server Frank came outside of the restaurant and chased us down. He then proceeded to scold us in public saying that he lost $6 on our table (although our bill was more than $100 and we would have tipped at least $15). He yelled at us "Is this how to do this" as if we purposely and routinely  dine without tipping. Very tacky and humiliating ....
1	This was a very inefficient operation that doesn't represent the Mandalay Bay brand well. There were many people working, a lot of activity, many customers waiting and not a lot of results.
5	Not sure what all the other hater comments are about but I liked this place so much I went twice during my stay at Mandalay Bay. The first time I was looking for some breakfast food in the hotel to bring back to the wife who was still sleeping in the room. This place was perfect!  They had a great breakfast menu that you can get to-go to include espresso drinks. The wait for the food isn't too bad. The price is reasonable considering you are at a Vegas resort. They have several smoothie options and their sandwiches are stuffed with lots of meat. Check this place out if you are staying at Mandalay Bay and don't feel like going to one of the pricier restaurants.
4	This place was just want I needed. Has a bit of everything to make everyone and any one happy.Huge portions of food! Very good as we'll worth the price!
4	Comfort food, vegetables, organic cuisine meets a juice bar! You can opt for the to-go choices in the case; the seats on the left-hand side, outside of the front entry is reserved for those who have food in take-away containers. You can go for Happy Hour and sit in the lounge / bar. The main restaurant offers a full service menu, delicious foods in generous portions and good seating, with vintage photography adorning the walls.It's popular but the wait lines are not daunting!
5	We stopped in after seeing the Michael Jackson ONE show and everything was fantastic. The server was very attentive and the food off the charts good. I had a chicken Caesar salad and it was the best I've ever eaten. With a slight citrus spin, the salad was amazing.
4	I was attracted by the idea of comfort food in a casino 24 hrs a day. The staff were very friendly and greeted me upon walking in. The atmosphere was nice and the decor was just right. Portion size was large enough to eat family style following the spinach artichoke app which was very good. The Mac and cheese was solid and the skinny fries had great flavor. I also added a grilled cheese just to try it which was solid. I didn't try the pastries but they looked very tasty. The hangover brunch with bottomless mimosas for $25 was a nice touch. Def check it out if you're in Mandalay Bay.
3	Ehhh....it was ok.  We had the eggs benedict and bacon and eggs for breakfast.  Service was pretty good.  The only thing was that the caramel macchiato was waaaay too sweet and the tatertot hash was a bit salty.  I would still go back and give it another try.Update: Came back again...they were much busier and totally unprepared for the rush. It took 10 mins to get my coffee, 20 mins to get the first plate of food, and another 10 to get my breakfast.  I asked to speak to the manager and he took care of us. Our server tried her best as well.  Oh and the tatertot hash was much better today.
4	Food is very tasty here but avoid breakfast items. They tend to be bland.The late night menu was amazing!!!The French Dip Steak Sandwich was the best French dip I've ever had!!! It came with Thin Sliced Prime Rib, Caramelized Onions, Provolone, Au Jus, and Crispy Shoestring FriesThe au jus alone was very tasty on its own but i agree that towards the end things got a little too salty. I also ordered the potato salad on the side! It was really good as well. It came with red potatoes and dill :)
1	We arrived on 8/21 around midnight and found the only 24 hour restaurant in Mandalay Bay (why!?). Waited for 10 minutes to get seated when the left half of the restaurant appeared empty. Hostess acted like she was doing us a favor by speaking to us-- not friendly at all.We were finally seated in a small deuce crammed next to a party of 4. We felt like we were sitting on top of our neighbors, when there were at least 3 other open tables nearby that weren't jammed top of anyone else. We waited for 10 minutes with no greeting by anyone. We finally just cut our losses and walked out, figuring that if our experience was that bad already, it wasn't worth waiting to see how bad it could get.
5	Love Citizens. It's a reasonably priced place to eat at Mandalay Bay if you just want food and aren't looking for a particular vibe. Good food and decent service. Worth checking out.
1	The only thing more tired than the subway tile and faux shabby hip interior was their attempt to create a line by telling people there was a 20 minute wait when the restaurant was more than half empty. Was it incompetence or flawed marketing? No one will ever know, and perhaps we're better for that fact.How was the food? I didn't wait to find out. If their front of house management is any indication then the food is inedible and will needlessly take 20 minutes to find your table. Honestly, it's Vegas. There are restaurants everywhere and most of them won't punish you the way Citizens does for attempting to give then your money.
2	It's 2 am after standing around in the club for hours you're telling me I have to wait 15 mins to be seated for a restaurant that is empty ??? Someone please explain to me why. Food took forever. The waiter spilled water on me and didn't even know it. Was he high or something cause he was messing up all night from spilling beers and I overheard him apologizing to another table. Luckily the chicken club was good or maybe I was just hungry.
4	I was staying at the Mandalay Bay for a conference so I came here quite a few times during the week. It was one of the closest food spots next to the conference rooms. It also was one of the few full menu places in Mandalay that stayed open late. Surprisingly most of the food spots shut down at around midnight. Citizens was a bit of a hit and miss. Two of the four times I came it was great. The other two were just ok. I liked that they had 3 sections (bar, restaurant and counter). The counter was a quick line that basically had sandwich, salad, coffee and other quick items available for immediate purchase. This was convenient for conference breaks as I was able to just run over, grab some pre-made foods and coffee before heading back. The restaurant and bar were nice for late night dinners. We came here twice to eat at the restaurant portion. The food was ok. The only thing I ordered here that I hated was the mixed green salad. The leaves were very bitter and the dressing was sub-par. Most of the other dishes we ordered were good, but nothing stood out as extraordinary. Everything here was overpriced. As I mentioned it's a convenient spot and it's open late so they're able to get away with the prices... But don't expect the quality to match the price.The service was on and off. We had one server who was great. The barista and employees behind the counter were also good. But we also had a server who was terrible. But overall it had decent service.  The number one thing this place has going for them is the convenience of location and hours.
4	I ordered corned beef and ginger snap, quality of the food is great.  Corned beef is not overly grease, great crispy texture and very tasty.
1	Ugh. Absent service and super rude when he did come by. When we finally stopped someone else to ask for more water and our check, our waiter came over with attitude and excuses. As we ignored him and stood to leave he yelled sarcastically at our backs about whatever he had been doing. Food was 24-hour Vegas food. Blah.
3	I love that they serve fresh vege and fruit juice...blended a la carte...avg cost $9. I tried breakfast today and the steel cut oatmeal and berries were delicious and my Salmon eggs Benedict was tasty. The joint is cute and the lighting kinda dim....even for breakfast but that's vegas I guess. the staff are efficient but you can tell the sheer volume must grind even the most patient employee. I come for the juice, coffee and ambiance....I don't stay any where near this end of the strip...but make the effort coz it's a nice change..valet park at the Mandalay market and walk thru the shops down the escalators into the casino...it's located adjacent to the Bayside buffet.
3	I was staying at Mandalay Bay for a conference and tried many of the restaurants there. Citizens was one of the better ones. Firstly, the food is very good. The cob salad is perfect. I liked their clean fresh decor. The service was mixed. Depending of who's working there, you may or may not have a good experience. I often walked by to see if I Katie was working at the bar. If she was, I'd definitely walk in for a meal. You need more like her Citizens.
1	Food is Ok. Nice selection of healthier fare. However, the staff needs basic training in customer service. We were given the wrong food item and when it was brought to the attention of the staff, the response was "I know, I know. I'll get the right one."It took 10 minutes to get a juice with ingredients listed as follows: kale, blueberries, grapes, apple and beets. Unfortunately, the main ingredient was apple juice with honey running a close second. Yuck.The last straw was when after waiting for 10 minutes at a nearby table (for the juice), we were told we had to move because the table was for non-"to-go" guests. The place was empty and we would have stayed exactly 5 minutes since we were running so late already. Horrible experience.
2	O my goodness gratuitous I am and was incredibly disappointed by the way this place is managed and run. Never have I had such terrible service but what makes it worst is that it was from multiple people (including the manager) WOW!! Only reason this place has 2 stars and not 1 is becasue it is located in a cool hotel. No way no how will not ever stop by at this place again. Incredibly rude and unhelpful people. I was appalled at the way the manager or supervisor lady we spoke to runs this place. We walked by on the weekend of my birthday before heading back to LA around 11:30am on a Sunday and was told by the hostess that they were currently not seating anyone and to check back in about 20 minutes. We tried to ask if we can just sit at a table and have a drink but again she was persistant with more or less the same answer but in a much more rude way.  So we took a walk around Mandalay for a bit then upon our return around 12 we were told the same thing. At this point we were a bit frustrated and mad so we asked to speak to their manager. The lady came out and explained to us that they were changing cooks so could not seat anyone. But not only that in a very rude and snarky type of way, almost as if speaking and explainng was painful. We just wanted to sit out by the patio area and have a few drinks and people watch. But apperantly thats way to much to ask for these people. We finally ended up getting a table after somewhat of a heated confrontation from the bitter clueless manager. We had a few drinks and bought a few bread items/pastries from inside but could definitely feel the unpleasent welcome. How difficult is it to say sorry the kitchen is currently closed but if you wish to sit outside and enjoy some drinks go ahead. I mean geez it is freaking VEGAS how can you deny people drinks, she was very clear and did not want to let us sit in the patio table area she said we could sit at the bar but I guess customer service and making money is not exactly their first priority here... If I were the owner or person in charge I would seriously think about training the employees better. I know the hostess was just following directions but one would expect a person such as the female manager/supervisor to be a bit more competent with customer service as apposed to chasing money away. Will definitley tell everyone I know that is going to Vegas (specificly Mandalay Bay) to avoid this place like the plague.
1	Please don't eat here!! I love to eat, trust this is true! For the price and the sake of being surrounded by highly renowned chefs/ restaurants this place was a letdown. My husband, friends and I came here for breakfast and the food was cold. (How do you mess up breakfast?!) My eggs Benedict was overly poached and hash browns were cold. I asked if they could just bring out another side of hot hash browns and that's exactly what I got. My second plate of hash browns tasted like rubbery overheated hash. What do you expect if it came out a few mid later. Despite the reviews we gave it shot and the reviews were right, sadly. I mentioned to the waitress that my eggs were suppose to be runny and dripping yolk over my toast and all she could do was apologize. The manager on shift was snooty when she came over to our table. She asked why we didn't enjoy our food and asked if we would like another dish but had an unfriendly demeanor. We felt really awkward and just wanted to leave. Denny's would have been a better choice.
4	We really enjoyed breakfast here. The coffee was good (smooth), hashbrowns were nice and crunchy, corn beef hash was really nice, my omelette was delicious! Will be back tomorrow.
4	My entree was great! I ordered the brick chicken which came with mashed potatoes, gravy and broccoli. YUM. My boyfriend ordered the teriyaki bowl which wasn't very tasty compared to mine-pretty bland. It is a bit expensive here, however, they have a prix fixe for $29 that includes a three course meal before 7:00pm. We did not do this because adding a salad and dessert isn't our thing but if you like a multi course meal this would be great for you.The overall ambiance of this restaurant is very "kitchenette modern" looking. A lot of old school black and white decor and vintage addings. The dress code is business casual, however, in Vegas anything goes. Out of all the restaurants in Mandalay bay this one has the most to offer.
3	Me and my friend came here because Delano would not let us check in due to some issue on their end so we had time to kill and plus we were pretty much starving. This was a good choice and their food is very generously portioned. We started with a couple of their signature cocktails. Those were pretty weak and pricey for what you get, not really worth the price and not as delicious as the name and description made them out to be.For food got the tots and mac n cheese and the french dip. The tots is a huge portion covered in cheese sauce. It was good but I think it could use a little more seasoning. The mac n cheese was flavorful but the crispy topping was bland and didn't add anything to the dish. My french dip was just OK, the saving grace was the dip which was super flavorful and delicious. I was dipping everything from the tots to the sandwich into it. We came at off hour so it was not busy and service was quick and prompt. Would come back for a quick bite next time we are at Mandalay.
1	I just wanted a smoothie.  The place is dead at 3 am yet it takes 20 minutes to take the order.  Another 15 minutes to blend it and put it in a cup bc the employees are too busy chatting.  One employee hitting on the cashier.  Not that the cashier was too bright.. she forgot she was making it.  So stupid.  Hope management cleans house
3	Just stopped here for banana, coffee and a donut.  Banana was good, as was donut.  Coffee tasted a little burnt.At least it wasn't too expensive.
5	Breakfast was great! Reasonably priced...good service. The manager, JR was very friendly and made us feel at home!
5	Delicious breakfast.  We split the ultimate- tons of food and the hash browns were the best I have ever had.  Waitress was the nicest and best we have had in Vegas.  Definitely will come back.
3	So when we landed and checked in were starving.  There aren't that's y choices to eat and this place looked decent.  I ordered the turkey avocado sandwich.  I felt a bit deceived because I thought I'd have pieces of avocado in my sandwich... But nope it's smushed in with the spread/sauce.  For $14 I guess I was expecting a piece of avocado.  Don't think I would go back for sandwich unless I'm desperate again like we were when we first landed.
2	The food was good , the service not so good, it was less than desirable. .I'm all about getting good service. .. I will not be returning.
5	French dip and shrimp cocktail were awesome. George Q. Was a great waiter. Ask for him if you get a chance. Coming back for sure!
2	Food was disgusting and way overpriced. And the interior is very bland and ugly. Very uncomfortable seating. Diner style feel with shitty food. $40 for unflavored chicken. Blahh!!'
4	A great casual place to grab a drink during the day at The Mandalay Bay. Very nice atmosphere and vibe. While we didn't eat this time, we have our last trip and the food is spot on!
5	the turkey avocado is unreal!!!!! i could eat it everyday... Cranberry walnut bread, lemon aioli(wow), sprouts, tomato, lettuce... Delist I love Mandalay bay!
4	Great food and service. A wee bit expensive. I had spinach and artichoke dip and lobster roll and it was great!
1	I went for the meatloaf which was on the menu in my room and also in front of the restaurant but I was informed by the waiter that it was taken off the menu 4 months ago :(.  I had calimari and the prime rib my boyfriend had the fish all was very bland! Even the crust (soft black stuff) on the prime had no flavor.   The service was excellent ! I will not waste my money there again.
1	I went here with a group of girls, late night, and wearing everyday jeans and t-shirts. The server was very nice, but the service sucked. Not to mention that they set him up with three tables at the same time. After we ordered our food, it took them over half an hour to get our food to us. Other tables were being served before us even though they got there after us with the same amount of people in their group. Not cool. The food was good. The pasta salad was not so good.Experience it for yourself, but as for me and our group, we will not be going back. I think that I would rather get their to go before going back to the actual restaurant.
4	My review is not really for Dinner at Citizens, we sat on the 'patio' with a bunch of friends and had coffee and dessert....which was delicious! The staff was really fun and friendly. Service was fast, and we all enjoyed our choices!What more can you ask for while sitting in a casino with friends?
1	The restaurant contacted me to see if they could make it up to me but the email they gave me bounced back :(
4	We started off with the shredded chicken noodle soup with buttered saltine crackers like when we were kids, then ordered the grilled Mahi Mahi fish tacos and there were 3 with guacamole, salsa and sour cream.  We also ordered the grilled shrimp on a bed of quinoa with yogurt sauce and steamed green beans.  All were delish and enjoyable and our waiter was attentive.
2	Food was good 4 stars, the hostess Dana was a witch and needed an attitude adjustment. When a customer asks for a booth and you have one open sit them there even if your server is being double sat. Don't give them crap for their request. They are your CUSTOMER. They make your job possible like my clients make my job possible.
4	Tony our waiter was quick friendly and his knowledge of the food was superb.  He took a great photo of the group next to us without hesitation!  The French Onion Soup we split was excellent, very cheesy, and large portions...even split between the two of us.  I had a Tommykbocker Butthead Boch, and my GF had the Midori sour, both excellent even if the sour is a bit overpriced.  We then split the NY steak and it was very juicy, and well cooked to our medium order.  Came with fries on the plate, and if it wasn't juicy enough, the A-1 butter was really good.  A really good meal on the Strip for a high-priced seventy bucks, given the atmosphere, but not as pricy as other places in the Mandalay Bay.Well recommended, and we split on whether we would come back again.  We like variety, after all....
5	Excellent service and food! If you're  in Vegas and looking for a great meal that is also a good value (very rare in Vegas), you will find that at Citizens.
3	Food here was ok. Kinda of on the expensive side even for vegas. Service is where there was lacking. Never received  drink  refills and once we asked for a check it took 45 minutes to get it when there was barely anyone in the resturant. Their walk up  coffee  area was good though and had great cappuccinos.
4	The eggs Benedict are very good.  Neat atmosphere sitting on the "patio" inside the hotel/casino.  Service is good and staff is polite.  Great breakfast joint to get you going in the morning.
1	I wish I had lower than a star for this restaurant. First, Price posted on a filet mignon was 37 while when seated, the menu showed it 39. The waiters were fine but the food was not a filet mignon but a steak. I ordered medium to well, which I always order like that but it came so dry. I wasted my money for sure. Juice 5 dollars a glass, refill is the same cost. There's apparently no restaurant manager ensuring that everyone is attended. You are on the mercy of waiters' attention.
5	RECOMMEND toffee crunch blondie and mocha latte to go!  Sit at Kumi in the morning before it's open in their great lounge area and enjoy!
5	Love this place. The service that Kiana and Daniel provided was excellent. And I am sure that it all comes from great management Joe(manager) was very kind and welcoming. The Mac and Cheese is unbelievably delicious.
4	Good service and yummy breakfast. Had a vanilla latte ($5) and the eggs Benedict ($14) both were good! I loved the smashed Tator tot hash, very good!
4	I enjoyed this place for lunch and breakfast (we came here twice during our trip to Vegas). It's located in Mandalay Bay, so it was close to us since we were staying at the Luxor. The service here was good, and prices are pretty affordable for being on The Strip. It's a casual place that's not affiliated with a celebrity chef, so you'll never have to wait for a table. Items we tried:- French Onion Soup: HUGE portion. I think this is easily a two person starter. It was very flavorful, and had lots of cheese. The previous Yelp reviews on this did not disappoint. - Kobe Chili Cheese Fries: I saw "Kobe" on the menu and knew I had to order it. Seasoned waffle fries came out with Kobe beef chili and a mini pitcher of nacho cheese. It was good, but it was very high in sodium (probably all chili cheese fries are). I would suggest trying this if you like chili cheese fries. - 2 Eggs Any Style Breakfast: Yum! The tater tots were delicious! I ordered scrambled eggs and they were good. Not rubbery at all. If you order bacon as your meat, you will get three slices. It's breakfast, so it's hard to really mess this up. Overall, I good casual spot for a quick meal if you're hungry and don't want to leave the area.
3	Basic bacon, egg, and cheese on a kaiser used to be simple and delish now it's served in a plastic container with very crispy potato hash and much more expensive. Fruit bowl is huge. Wish things at this great grab and go would go back to paring it down. They do have lemon for tea unlike Starbucks around the corner.
4	Really delicious foods including sandwiches, appetizers, steak, burgers and salads. The service was amazing! They also have a bar and a cafe like spot where you can pick up food on the run. However, I did think the prices were a little high for what we got, but what else would you expect from a luxurious hotel!
3	Open 24 hours! Okay burger what I remember of it. Wait staff was good enough for 1:00 AM.
3	Solid for breakfast.  Basic but well executed menu.  Eggs Benedict with eggs done perfectly, but bland sauce.  Pancakes fluffy and cooked right.  Pricey for breakfast, but hey . . . it's Vegas.
5	We come from Philadelphia for Thanksgiving every year.  We always make a stop at this restaurant for some healthy and delicious food!  It is a little pricey but worth the price for the delicious breakfast!
5	First off I don't understand why this place only has 3 stars, we really enjoyed it. Hubby and I came here for the hangover brunch on Sunday after an epic Vegas night. I had the chicken chilaquiles, super cheesy and a little spicy. The highlight for me was the most perfect Bloody Mary, they have the option of bottomless Bloody Marys but you have to hook them up yourself, I opted to have the bartender make mine and it was delish. My husband had the bacon burger and he loved it. The service was on point, everyone was asking how we were doing not just our server. Seriously loved this place!!
5	The food was surprising good.  I ate the reuben sandwich with a side of cole slaw which I thought was so delicious.  Never had I ate a sandwich like this!  The bread was toasted well, light and very crispy.  The corned beef was generous and tasty.  The thousand island dressing, sauerkraut, and Swiss cheese together made the sandwich awesome.  Cole slaw on the side complimented the sandwich.  Excellent!Loved this place so I came back in the evening and had their popular French onion soup and a side salad.  The soup tasted like heaven and portions were generous.  3 different types of cheeses, thick and gooey, covered slivers of soft sweet onions chunks of bread soaked in the soup...It was the first time that I couldn't finish my soup!
4	Ate here with some friends whilst waiting for a show at the House of Blues; since parking in the Mandalay Bay either involves coming a little early and grabbing a spot next to the escalators in the parking garage or coming on time, driving around for thirty minutes as you scour every level of the monolithic parking structure trying to find a place you can only barely fit your compact car into because the rented Hummers on either side are straddling the lines, we opted to come early and have a bite while we waited.The service was fairly good, though my iced tea ran out a few times during the meal. It wasn't hugely busy, but our waiter did have several tables concurrently and I can forgive that oversight. He was still friendly and courteous. It's service that sets most any restaurant on the Strip apart, since the food is usually pretty decent but often over-priced.The food was quite good; I had the double burger that's on two grilled cheese sandwiches, which is to say that my fiance wondered whether we'd make it to the show or not when the ambulance was called. I survived by some miracle, and came out of it with a smile on my face and half the burger in a to-go box so that I could finish killing myself later after NASA got back to me with the calorie count calculation for the thing.Overall, I'd probably come back here; it was a pretty friendly little place and you got a decent amount of food for the money. Yes, the prices are higher than an off-strip restaurant, but the portions are still good.
5	Wow! You can start with the bright eyed waitress Rachel and stop there!! She really made my experience!! I wandered in here by accident and was greeted with such smiles I said I MUST dine in! I asked Rachel about flavored coffee and she suggested caramel!! It was simply amazing!! Then I ordered the smoked salmon Benedict!! Wowsies!! It was simply amazing!! I guess I know where I am having breakfast every day while I am In town!! Their lunch looks great too!!! If you stay at Mandalay Bay you must try this place!!!
5	Probably the best chicken salad sandwich I've ever had.  And the Cole slaw was great also.  Definitely recommend
1	So I supposedly got an email from the management group.. yada yada yada.   I emailed them, but haven't gotten a reponse as of yet.  We shall see if they follow through on an upcoming tripnin January.
3	Stopped by here because we needed a quick bite to eat before the Michael Jackson One show.  Thought it would be faster if we went to the bar. Took a while for the bartender to show up, but once she did service was fine. We had the chili cheese kobe beef fries, which hit the spot. Decent place to watch sports as well.
4	They stop serving breakfast at 11am. The turkey avocado sandwich was super good. Chili cheese waffle fries not so much.
2	Low quality food, I've had salads and their burgers, while not being terrible, it's not good.  Typical strip prices (relatively high) and quality comparable to a cheap grocery store deli.
4	Late night Christmas eats in Vegas! Citizens is the only place open beyond 10pm tonight. But...mmm...this is still a great choice.I had the fried calamari, French onion soup, Caesar salad, and steak frites -- to go. It was packed perfectly for me to take back to my room.The calamari was tasty and lightly beaded. It was great even without the two sauces it comes with - cocktail and Thai chili. The salad was crisp and as fresh as you'd expect with a couple of large croutons. The French onion soup was savory with shredded onions and a layer of gooey cheese. No croutons in the soup and it was on the slightly sweeter side. The steak itself was good. I ordered it medium and it was a full 16oz steak. The fruit bowl was a nice way to finish it all off.Service was fast but the wait for the food was over 20 minutes. *sigh* Pricey too but what else are you going to eat at this hour on Christmas day?
3	We stopped in for snacks at this casual Mandalay Bay restaurant since we weren't in the mood for another casino buffet just yet, and the wait time for a table here was zero. The "Ultimate Sliders Challenge" (24 Sliders in 24 Minutes) looked interesting. Seems like a whole lotta mini-burgers to choke down in not a lotta time. Impossible for many and conquered by few. $40 Challenge declined.Hearty plates. We tried a couple dishes which were decent to share or sample. Rather pricey, though, for mostly standard fare IMO. Relatively spendy menu prices aren't exactly budget friendly because Vegas, but the food should fill nicely whether before or after your bender. There are bargains to be found if you're motivated to pinch pennies elsewhere.-$21 Fish tacos. Nicely battered fish and not oily/greasy. Fresh veggie mix and soft tortillas. Good, but not so much 21 dollars great. Southern California is still tops for best fish tacos and value priced to match.-$18 Corned beef pastrami sandwich. A nice stack of toasty, melty, meaty, deli goodness that even a New Yorker might appreciate. The consensus winner from our table. The cole slaw side was ok, but probably should've gone with the fries.-$18 Bacon cheeseburger. Three slices of fine bacon makes for a tasty cheeseburger and the fries were served hot and crispy. Now we need some luck at the tables to recoup the steeply marked up lunch tab.Service was friendly and efficient. Drinks were refilled regularly. All good there.There are several restaurant options conveniently located within the Mandalay labyrinth to keep you intrigued, and Citizens Kitchen & Bar is a 24hr accessible spot with familiar fare to satisfy.
4	Turkey Ruben is sooooo bomb, I'm drooling just thinking about it! Service was quick and attentive and menu selection is perfect for cheese lovers like myself. Its a bit dark in there but...eh...ambiance I guess. Would definitely go back to try something else!
4	Super nice waiter, who actually cared and was not rushy like most people are in Vegas. He was really sweet and kept checking on us to see how we were doing. I had the meatball which was to die for, topped off with rich ricotta and hit the spot at 3am ! Delish ! I also had a few bites of the french dip and it was a tad soggy but packed with flavor. Again, I don't understand why these resorts only stock Pepsi so that would have definitley put the icing on the cake!
1	I was looking around for some place to have lunch before going to the Shark reef Aquarium and I just happened to pass this place. They had their menu on the outside and I saw they had a lobster roll. That is all I needed. So I went to the hostess and got seated. I was told a server would be by shortly. Um not what happened. Now the place was virtually empty and I noticed my server had looked over and saw me sitting there waiting but he never came up and offered me a drink or anything. He just kept staring at me and carried on conversations with his co workers. It made me very uncomfortable. Then he finally comes up and asks me if I am ready. He offers no apology for the wait or the fact that he saw me sitting there and did nothing. He did not ask me if I wanted a drink or anything like servers normally ask first he just asked me if I was ready and had a huge attitude when he asked. The annoying tone in his voice was like I had kept him waiting while I stared at the menu forever or something like that. His attitude surprised me considering I knew what I wanted from the second I walked in and I was the one who was kept waiting but ok. I also wanted to get to the Shark Reef aquarium before I started collecting my social security so if anyone should've been annoyed it should have been me. I ordered my food and guess what more waiting. Again he was too busy doing his own thing to go check on my food. It took almost 30 minutes to get my food. I know it was not the kitchen for one thing the lobster is served cold so is not like they have to cook the lobster and heat it up or anything and my side was coleslaw. How long does that take? I had already thought it was a mistake coming there because my server acted like a complete asshole but it was even worse after I tried this pitiful excuse for a lobster roll. It was disgusting. After I picked through my food I waited and waited for the server to bring me my check. I had to flag him down at some point because if not I would have sat there forever. Well wanting my check must have been a problem because Mr. Attitude acted even more stuck up when I flagged him down and asked for my check. Needless to say after $23 for that lunch I felt leaving unsatisfied and downright stupid for wasting my time and money there. The food was shitty and the customer service was even shittier. others many have a better experience but personally for me I will not ever waste my time and energy here again. Mandalay Bay and Vegas itself has WAY too many superior options for dining for me to waste me time where I am clearly not wanted.
4	Chicken soup comes in a square bowl, large portion, 3.5 stars for the taste.  French dip was also 3.5 stars, an additional pickle spear would be nice... Fish and chips is served with tartar and cocktail sauce, 4 stars.
3	Great place to grab breakfast and possibly lunch.  It is very casual so if you are rolling out of bed after a night of partying hard in Vegas this is your place.I have to say if you like dark coffee you will love Citizens.  I do not like a dark brew but when you need coffee anything will do.I like their yogurt parfaits and their bacon (maple) for a quick breakfast.  Hubby devoured their pancakes so they must have been yummy.  The decor kind of reminds me of a diner with a more upscale feel (subway tile and wine bottles).  There is a dinner menu but to me there are so many other places in Mandalay to eat that this is not where I would choose to go.
