5	This place is amazing like the other two locations- but the Scottsdale Cornish is special, because it's located in what was two older homes.
5	Awesome place! Love sitting on the patio. :-) This is my first time here and from now on I'm going to try each pasty...just go down the list.
5	It was our first time to Cornish Pasty Co. and it did not dissapoint. One thing to keep in mind is it takes 15-20 min for them to cook one of their fresh pastys so if you are hungry make sure to order a side salad to start to help hold you over.  Their lime pesto house salad dressing was amazing!!  The food was great and the huge outdoor seating will keep us coming back!
5	I had a really nice dinner here last night with my husband and toddler daughter and neighbor, Trystan.  Our neighbor is actually from Cornwall and he was the one who brought us here to try the regional specialty of his home turf.  Obviously, he is a regular here.  Now I had been to the Cornish Pasty location in Tempe, but it had been a few years ago, so for all intents and purposes this was my first real, sit-down visit.  They let us sit where we wanted and we chose a nice spot out on the patio and they brought us a high chair and drink.  I got a glass of the house Riesling.  (It was delicious) and our waitress brought a small pewter plate of bread slices and a small dipping cup of tomato soup for our daughter.  I thought that was really thoughtful of her.We ordered a side of chips with a spicy bean dip for the table, and everyone enjoyed that.  I also got to taste the cup of soup that Trystan ordered, a creamy potato, leek and Stilton cheese combination.  Honestly I wished I'd ordered a whole bowl of that soup for myself!  Amazing.I ordered the Oggie pasty and it was a thing of beauty, deliciously browned and filled with a hearty, meat and root vegetable mixture.  It came with a flavorful sauce that I *think* was a red wine reduction.  My husband got the Cottage Pie and he said he really liked it.  And apparently it was hefty enough that he had enough leftovers to take for lunch today.  By the end of dinner we didn't have any room for dessert, which means we will just have to make an effort to come back and try their delicious sounding desserts; like sticky English toffee pudding!Keep it up guys, I really liked what I saw last night; the food, service, ambiance, everything.  Spot on!
4	We went there Saturday night. The food was great. The pasties were hot and golden brown. They have many different varieties on the menu so it is hard to choose. They also have many beers on the menu to choose from.  I liked the atmosphere. It reminded me of eating in a pub in London. We will defiantly go back.
5	I had been a huge fan of the other two Cornish Pasty locations in the valley and had been eagerly waiting the opening of this one closer to where I now live. In short, it didn't disappoint and was fantastic as always. But to be more detailed, the new location is amazing. The remodel/renovation they did on the property is beautiful. Adequate amount of both inside and outside seating. They have several large tables, so it's a great place to come with big groups as you can all fit at the same table and eat, drink, and be able to converse together. The ambiance in general is casual and mellow, but with that unique gastropub vibe.Menu selection is huge, there is truly a pasty for anyone. The beer selection is also great. I really like the fact they have 14, 20, and 32 oz draft sizes, rather than just standard pints. You're bound to find something that you like here, and it's always matched by friendly and helpful waitstaff that makes for an enjoyable experience every time.
5	AWESOME!!!! Great service, great food, just eat here, you will not be disappointed. We went for lunch and called in our order ahead of time. We got there, sat down, and were served right away. If you are short on time, this is the way to go.
5	The new Scotsdale location is everything I like about CPC cranked up to 11.  The location is bigger than the ones on University and in Mesa.  They have a good sized patio and a pretty spacious interior that is shiny and new. While still delivery some tasty pasty as always.  We stopped in for lunch the other day and the service was terrific.  The wait seems to be about on par with the other locations. It's not the quickest place to stop for something to eat, but it a great choice.  This location actually has appetizers on the menu which should help out a bit for those who are more impatient and or hungry.Try :- Vegetarian Cottage Pie- Eggplant Parm
5	I've been a fan of the Cornish Past Co. for years now and love going to their expanded Tempe location. However, I was really excited to see the brand new Scottsdale location. It has a gorgeous outdoor patio and bar and the inside is very spacious with plenty of seating. It's really nice!Tuesday must be a slower night because hardly anyone was there but my server was very friendly and my pasties were very good. They obviously have recipe and ingredient consistency between the different locations. I definitely recommend this place to anyone.
3	Wow, what horrible service. I love this place but my server not only ruined my night but my entire tables. If you love great food, atmosphere and drinks come here. But be aware if you get April she will take forever and you will get cold food and flat beer.
5	Scottsdale has scored big on this new place. A fabulous spot. BEST food, ambiance, and service. If I could, I would hook the entire place up and drag it to San Diego, just as it is, and with all the employees. Sit at the outside bar or head inside for raucous fun. I have tried a different pasty each time I've visited the one in Tempe, and this brand new place knocks it out of the park. Eat half your pasty, pack up the rest and save room for the sticky toffee pudding! It's rich and tasty, and served with ice cream, which makes it a perfect dessert.Yummmmmmy!
5	RE: Cornish pasty company in tempe. the atmosphere at their new location is quite different. it's in a bungalow house, with huge amounts of outdoor seating...on a porch....next to the street. it's like being at home and eating outside watching the neighbors walk by! very cool location. service was great, food was just as fantastic as their tempe location. it's brighter and more well-lit....i think more to fit the scottsdale crowd, but the food alone is superb enough for all peoples of planet earth. i had the vegetarian chicken asagio this time. it came with a side of salsa and sour cream to calm the heat from all the chiles. as usual, it was packed with savory goodness.well, thank goodness one of the tastiest and budget friendly dining options is just down the road from us now.
3	This Scottsdale location just opened a few weeks ago. I found it by accident as I was driving on Goldwater one afternoon. It has a large outdoor patio and the inside is much larger than their Tempe location. I'm not sure if the outdoor patio was created in haste, but the craftsmanship on the furniture is shoddy. My father, the engineer pointed it out, but he was right.  I had to be careful where I placed my cocktail on our table as the boards were sloped and crooked. The menu is the same (YAY!!!) which is great. No need to mess with a good thing!!! So all the awesome flavorful pastys are there plus their amazing desserts. Our server was very nice, although with the exception of serving our table, I never saw her. She never came out to check on us during meal service.I have one non-negotiable:  I'm not sure if it was kitchen staff or customers, but people were smoking on the south patio. I know it was outside, but it was wafting over to where we were sitting and I don't want to smell cigarettes while I'm eating....or anytime for that matter. Although I love love love the Cornish Pasty Co, as of now the Tempe location is my favorite.
5	Tried this place out for lunch and what a treat it was.   The tradional pasty is a great meal all by itself.   The building is an old home that has been converted and there is a very nice patio where you can sit and watch the world drive by.  It all makes for another great restaurant experince in Scottsdale.   Try it out before they start advertising and the rest of the world finds it.
5	I heard so much about Pasty's and I've been on hiatus eating out since I've had my little one , but now that im back at work ... so BRING IT ! I ordered the Italian Pasty which has Pepperoni, salami, capocollo, ham, mozzarella, fresh basil, and roasted tomatoes.  I never had a pasty in my life and oh man have I missed out . The crust was buttery , yet a little light (  ) and flakey and the layers if the inside was more than perfection . I ate  1/2 and was expecting to revisit the other half for dinner and that didn't work out so well. I cant wait to go back and try others.
5	Finally a Cornish pasty co. That can actually fit people! This new spot is awesome, it has a really nice outside deck area and a huge bar you can sit at.For all you newcomers, the good seems simple but it's amazingggg and the drinks are good and cheap. Three tips: -Irish car bombs (better than usual)-mushroom walnut soup (literally the best soup in the world, even though we are in Arizona)-pepper steak pasty is really good
4	Good eats and lots and lots of libation choices.If you're new to the pasty world, try the Oggie- it's the most traditional. My husband loves the red wine gravy sauce that it comes with.Also, it would be really good if the owner could ask his waitstaff to not play with their facial piercings at any time when they are working. That was a little disturbing.
5	Great atmosphere great service prices are right and food rocks!! I'll be back this place makes pasties the way there supposed to be.
5	This is the BEST new restaurant addition to Scottsdale since ReHab Burger Therapy!I love this place, the compound is huge and very welcoming, I love the chunky wood tables, but not as crazy about the "fixed" in place barstools. You can tell the kitchen is serious with just a glance, but after a few bites it's amazingly obvious that this place is for real.I had the Greek salad with chicken and The Royal Pasty, both were firkin AMAZING, there is only one other salad in Scottsdale that even gets close to the quality and flavor of this one, and that's The Chopped Salad at Humble Pie.The Royal might have been the best thing I have eaten all year, seriously I have craved it every day since!!!! The expert flaky crust and incredible ingredients within are pure perfection!Service was just great, efficient and friendly, our server was well trained and had a personality to back that up!The location is awesome, though I expect parking might be a challenge if the place is packed and it often is packed. It sits smack dab on Goldwater near Main St and the views and people watching are lots of fun.I have heard about The Tempe location for years and I cant believe my first try was last week at there newest but not last location!Cornish Pasty Team, YOU GUYS ROCK!!!! GREAT JOB, an THANKS for opening in my hood!!!!
5	I gotta give them 5 stars.  I love the old house ambiance and the friendly service.  My Italian pasty was excellent and enough for two meals.  They have a great beer selection.  Be sure to enjoy their patio when the weather is nice.
4	So glad they opened this up in Scottsdale!  They have a great patio and it is a decent size!  They have a variety of different pasties to choose from.  The pasty itself is so fresh and tasty, you can't go wrong here!
1	The building is fabulous and the bar is great too.  That is where it ends. The food is a clever step up from bar food.  It is a lot of pastry and  mixture of interesting ingredients.  If you never cooked then this might be intriguing also if you are 22  years old.   The music is blaring to the point of  waitress screaming at us and still  didn't know what she said.    I cook infinitely better at home with one hand tied behind my back.   Too bad for us it could have been a cool place to hang more than once.We won't go back.
4	What a great little spot. I came in here for my birthday with a girlfriend last week and it is so cute! We were a little confused at first because the seating isn't traditional (at least that's what we gathered) you just walk in and pick a spot. Our server was so sweet. I dont remember her name but she was great. We ordered the meatballs which we were super excited to try and after we ordered them she came over and let us know they were sold out. We were a little disappointed but she already had a second recommendation for us which I appreciated. We got the wings instead and they were delicious! The sauce was so sweet and tangy. I loved them.I ordered the chicken vindaloo pasty and my friend ordered the bangers and mash. Both were super good! They are basically just glorified hot pockets and I don't have any problem with that! I didnt order a drink but I did notice that they had a great beer selection. Great food, great service and priced fairly. I'll be back!
5	It's so easy to give this place 5 stars because they do what they do so well. Not pretentious.....just good pastys (Gourmet hot pockets if you want to explain to a friend)...beer...and an amazing setting!Certainly one of the best restaurant designs in Scottsdale. Good for a date, even better for groups, or just come by your lonesome and enjoy all the beautiful creatures that frequent.
5	Woah. As much as I love the Tempe Cornish Pasty, this location kills it. It's a stark contrast, the Tempe location is dark and divey while this one is very open, lots of windows and natural light with a clean and welcoming feel. The new menu options are a great addition, and the design and layout are slick and eye catching. As much as it irks me to say it, I'd rather drive the ten minutes to this location than go to the one within biking distance of my house. It's like I was dating the Tempe location, but now that I've met her sister in Scottsdale, I think I'm in love.
2	Finally made it!!!Location is great / menu and tap selection is great!Wanted to give more stars on this one so bad... The problem is no matter how much our friends swear we must have caught an off-night I've seen other complaints on here about the soup being way too salty! Also the service was lacking - we had to wait way too long between beers for refills and the pasties were dry if you ask me. I'll be giving it another try because I want it to work out so badly - were the hell else are you gonna get bangers-n-mash in Oldtown.Keep ya posted and hopefully upgrade some stars on this one.
5	I checked it out based on a reddit post -- thank you! -- and had the vegetarian tandoori pasty during lunch w/ red iced tea. My stomach growled on the way in from the parking lot once the curry welcomed me and I hoped it was the place. It was!I eat vegan, vegetarian, organic, and all that without being pretentious and have dined at pretentious places that specialize in that sort of thing... ...and none come close to whatever Cornish Pasty does with the tandoori spices and fake meat made from seitan. AMAZING.I've eaten my way through India, love anything Thai, and was raised drinking spicy homestyle AZ salsa.Cornish Tandoori is in my Top 10. The consistency and flavors even tricked my carne friend :)My newly retired brit friends loved the layout, people watching, and weather. Divine! One had the carne pasty and the other one had a potatoes pasty... fuzzy details as I was more impressed by the layout, music vibe, and friendly crowd... and completely enrapt by my order. Spent my time wondering how to recreate it at home. Perfect spice blend. They should bottle it and sell it; hook me up with a free lunch ;)Our excellent server, Dean, informed us the architectural design was made by moving 2 mid-century farmhouses from elsewhere on the property up to the walkable street then conjoining them. There's even a tree framed in the middle between restaurant patio and bar. Dean was also accommodating when we requested to move tables to enjoy the nice outdoor weather. He gave us no attitude at all; totally nice guy who made an afternoon awesome for my otherwise high maintenance friends. He took pride in his job plus was very patient at explaining menu items, making recommendations, and attentive to our needs. Other staff walked by to constantly refill our drinks and make sure we were taken care of... Very classy lunchtime service.I noticed indoor bar style seating so you can see how the pasties are made-- great for any boring/awkward date where at least there's something visual to hopefully cue some sort of conversation. If not, then at least you got some scrumptious food out of it. But enough about my dating life. The cure is tandoori!Sit inside or outside and take in the mellow, Dick Dale surf guitar vibe. Could've sworn we were at a beachside cafe. Reminded me of a Santa Barabara, LA, or San Diego boardwalk-- great food, relaxing environment, soft sunlight, light breeze. I was hooked.Went back on a different night to check out the beers on tap and wasn't disappointed. Again, friendly, laid-back staff (Bartender: Ed?). He made recommendations and helped me decide on a great craft beer from CO. Cornish Pasty is an easy place for family, friends, coworkers, or if you're single without feeling awkward about dining solo. The experiences helped me decide to spend more time in the Dale of Scots, for sure.I debated throwing this up on Yelp because I kinda like it as an undiscovered hangout. And I'm bad with the names of the staff but they were excellent to me. If more of the right crowd continues to end up here, no doubt it will maintain its calming charm.Hope this place makes a killing during Spring Training and becomes a mainstay. Can't wait to eat here again.
4	This new location is a nice upgrade (building wise) to the other locations.  The food and drinks were great, as usual.  However, after being seated, it took over five minutes before anyone even stopped by the table.  With that said, the service was great afterwards.
5	100th review WOOHOO! This is a great new addition to old town! I came here with friends for a  few drinks and some food! First off, their patio is AMAZING! It will be perfect in the spring! I had a HUGE 32 oz beer ( I cabbed it out- don't worry) and loved it!  I also tried the "Oggie" the orginial pasty! It was AMAZING. I had never had a pasty before and am so glad I tried it! I am a fan and actually scheduled a happy hour there this week! Can't wait to go back!
5	The concept is very simple, but it has been executed flawlessly. The British Cornish Pasty is the Spanish empanada, the Jamaican patty, the Indian samosa. It is essentially meat and veg wrapped in pastry then baked. Done right it can be delicious!I'm English. I grew up eating pasties. Although being from the north-west of England the pasties I ate weren't Cornish, they were a variation of the Irish pasty. Same concept, but lighter pastry, flakey, almost puff pastry. I always thought the crust of a true Cornish pasty was too tough, almost cardboard-esque, (some say they were made this way to prevent damage if they were dropped down a mine). But this is not the case for the pasties from Cornish Pasty Co. Here they are done well.At Cornish Pasty Co they are light and tasty and the fillings were great. And oh, the choices! From the traditional Oggie to lamb or chicken or pork or cheese steak. There's even a tongue-in-cheek pasty which pays homage to Pulp Fiction. If you're a vegetarian, there aren't just a couple of choices, there is a whole page for you!The beer list was extensive and varied, the patio wrapped around the whole building and the service was quick, attentive and engaging.
4	My bf and I came here on a Saturday night date and we were entertained the whole time! We sat at the kitchen bar so we could see all the action in the kitchen. Chefs and wait staff were tentative to our requests. Also the owners were present and cheerful. Bf ordered the Mexican patsy and I ordered the peppered steak patsy. Bf and I determined the peppered steak was the winner. We also started with appetizers. Bean dip served as a cold dish and the Scottish Egg which was surprisingly delicious! I'd recommend this place for amusement and a great meal. Enjoy!
5	I am OBSESSED with Cornish Pasty! i recently visited the Scottsdale location after discovering that it was there! I have been to every other location and always am super satisfied! This location help up to my standards! Helpful and friendly staff and as always, amazing food! Love it!
4	I like this place. I really do (I'm giving it four star after all). However, I wasn't as blown away by it as a lot of others seem to be. My friends used to tell me about going to the Tempe location all the time & how much they LOVED the pasties.I mean, the restaurant itself is really nice. I liked the set-up/atmosphere. It has a "clean" pub feel to it if that makes any sense. I really like the wood tables. The patio is really nice (that's where my and my dining companion sat for lunch). The bar area looked really nice as well, and from what I can tell they had several beers on tap. Service was fine on our visit. The pasties were definitely tasty. I had the Italian, and I guess when you're eating something that's similar to a calzone anyway you look at it, and you get the one that's MOST similar to a calzone it's a little difficult to get a sense of how unique pasties really are. They have several interesting options, many of which I'd really like to try in the future. My dining companion and I also split an order of fries. I thought they were good, but a little crispy. I like my fries on the crispy side, but a good portion of them were almost a little TOO crispy. We couldn't tell if that's why they were going for or not.  My friend really liked her hibiscus ice tea. She's been here a few times and said all their ice teas are really good.  I'd certainly come back to Cornish Pasty Co., and it seems like a fun place for a large group to grab a meal. Like I said though, I guess I'm just not totally enamored by pasties (but they are good).
5	Everytime I come here I try a new pasty. The rosemary chicken is by far my favorite. The chicken tikka is great if you're feeling Indian food. The peppered steak had an odd flavor and the lamb vindaloo is HOT!!! My favorite side is the broccoli and calliflower bake! Do not pass this place up! You cannot beat the service and atmosphere!
5	Today was my first time at this location. Aside from it being semi hard to find and there being almost no parking, the food was amazing and the service was very quick and attentive! Love Cornish!
5	All I have to say is I went there 3 times in 1 week.  The chicken tikka masala was exceptional.  The service isn't always the greatest but the food makes up for it.  Go here and thank me later.
4	We went here for lunch after my friend's graduation from ASU. There were 6 of us in the group and we had a wonderful time. I liked the simplicity of the restaurant - both in the concept and decor. The food was flavorful and delicious. I had one of the Italian pasties and it was like a folded pizza. It's a great place for a casual meal with friends.
5	Cornish pasty was one of the first places I ever reviewed on yelp.  It started as a restaurant that seated maybe 30 people to the 3 location behemoth it is today.  I've heard they are opening a location downtown in the near future as well.I finally got a chance to check out their new location in Old Town.  As usual it did not disappoint.  The GF and I split the Royale and a side of mashed potatoes and cheese.  I washed it down with a delicious Kronenbourg.  Love that beer.  They have a great beer selection.  You can get anything from Four Peaks to a bottle of mickeys.  Who doesn't like a mickeys every once in a while?I am happy to see Cornish continue to grow.  I will continue to support it every chance I get.
5	These pasties are delicious.  I never had anything like those before.  I got the lamb pasty and it was very flavorful, especially with the sauce that came with it.  Service was excellent.WARNING:  It'll take time for your food to get ready, but it's worth the wait.
5	Calling all hipsters: your home has been found!I have enjoyed the Cornish Pasty Co.'s in Tempe and Mesa; Scottsdale's locale does not disappoint. Yes, the crowd is different. Rather than college kids looking for good food or the older crowd looking for their silverware in the darkness of Mesa, you get more of a hipster/Old Town vibe. The ambiance isn't as unique as other locations. From lighting and use of space, it doesn't compare to other locations.But the food is better. The portions are bigger. The pasties are tastier. If you are looking for outstanding food just off the Old Town strip, you are home. I'll be back.
5	Delicious!I've had this spot on my to do list forever.  I finally tried it over the weekend and boy was I missing out.  Simply amazing!  I've only ever had a pasty when I've been in the UK...and I may go as far as saying, it's better than what I experienced in Britain.Modestly priced, great beer, and a large menu selection, including a full vegetarian menu offering the use of Quorn meatless products.  The atmosphere is modern pub with a nice relaxed ambiance.  I love how this spot offers traditional English eats with a culinary twist.The cottage pie and tikka masala pasty was scrumptious!
4	Bout time!The "salty soup" issue seems to have been fixed - the Mushroom, Walnut, and Spinach soup is def worth your time. My girlfriend and I like to split it as an app before we order main course. Beer selection is still good - and servers are good about letting you sample a beer or swap out if you get the bottom of the keg...Service on the patio can still be slow at times but I think overall it's a fresh selection / experience for Oldtown - glad I could throw up the extra stars!
5	Wow!!  This is my new favorite place in Old Town!  My boyfriend has been there a few times and took me yesterday.  First of all, they have a fantastic patio, which was a wonderful spot to spend a 70-degree, sunny Sunday.  I couldn't believe how packed the patio was at 3:30, but it was almost full.  There's also ample seating inside, which I will need in the throes of the Arizona summer.  Second, their drinks are relatively inexpensive and strong, and happy hour lasts all day on Sundays.  Third, the pasties are DELICIOUS!  My bf has tried a couple but has stuck with the Reuben because he thinks it's the best.  We ordered a Reuben and a cottage pie (like Shepherd's pie, but with beef and not lamb).  They were both amazing, but the Reuben was definitely my favorite.  The dough was cooked perfectly, the meat was in thick, tasty chunks, and the thousand island was very flavorful.  I usually order apps when I'm out to eat, but there's no way I could have at this place.  The pasties are big!  I barely ate half of each half that I had.  My only complaint is that there are too many different types to choose from!  How will I ever try them all?!  I will definitely be back soon and often, now that I have been introduced to this neighborhood gem :)
5	Have been to Cornish many times between the Mesa, Tempe and Scottsdale location and all I have to say is that this place is all types of mouth sex. The bottle and draft selection is always exciting. I have neglected to try anything from the cocktail list yet but that does not mean I am not avoiding it by any means! The food is amazing and alike I'm sure the cocktails are too! A few favorites:Curried potatoes... amazingThe Pilgram... omg your saying i can have thanksgiving whenever I want??The Lamb Vindaloo... prepare for some heavy breathing from the heat. so. worth. it.The layout of this place is very comfortable. Along with what I call comfort food the staff and the environment really pulls it together.A must to visit if your a new resident to PHX, traveling through or you just live here. I promise it wont be your last time back.
5	Love the scene and the food! All of us really enjoyed the pastries! Highly recommend giving this place a try! The peppered steak had good flavor and the sauce was bold but tasteful!
4	I had to try this place out just based on how cool it looked when I drove by it on Goldwater each day. I had heard lots of great things about the tempe location and was excited to have one closer to home. The atmosphere is indeed awesome, super open and airy, very comfortable and full of friendly hipster waiters. The food is good but not incredible. I have no other pasty to compare these to but they are on the heavy side (as Im sure they are supposed to be) so don't go expecting to walk out feeling good about your healthy choice for the day. They are, of course, tasty and the atmosphere alone is enough to get me back some day. Solid choice over all.
5	Pasties are delicious! The restaurant is very open and comfortable, I recommend sitting on the patio. Great beer selection, Service was great. Definitely recommend
5	Food is interesting, but good. Love the atmosphere and the staff. Great place to relax and enjoy something different.
4	I have yet to enjoy this locations tasty pasty's (but I have had their pasty's at their original location), but this review is specifically for their drinks and patio. Recently, we enjoy drinks on their beautiful patio. With the weather being perfect, there's nothing better than sitting on a patio like Cornish Pasty and enjoying a cold drink and snack. The patio wraps around two historical homes with pretty trees hanging over the tables. They have large tables to fit big groups and plenty of seating at the bar. I was impressed with their extensive beer selection and particularly enjoyed the banana beer, yes banana beer! I will write more once I have the chance to enjoy a pasty here, but so far, I am nothing but excited and happy with this great new addition to Old Town!
5	Very good food, great ambiance and service.We are here recently for lunch and I didn't know what to expect. It was a toss up between a rosemary chicken pasty (pronounced pas-tee) and a chicken pot pie pasty.I went with the chicken pot pie and it was delicious. Big chunks of chicken, delicious vegetables and large chunks of potato. The service was excellent (three different people stopped by to help) and the wait was minimal for lunchtime. I would definitely recommend.
5	I love me a good pasty and they are delish here!  So many to chose from!
4	So bomb!
5	This location is a little different then their other locations. The other locations are more grudge type of bar, the sco one on the other hand has a nice clean look to it. All the pastes that i have tried so far have been awesome. And plus the beer are super cheap. So glad they finally have a location in sco.
4	Loved the pesto chicken pasty!! Yummy!  Comfortable, enjoyable place! Service is a little lacking...at least the server we had. Others could be better...don't know!
5	If you are in Scottsdale, and haven't tried The Cornish Pasty, you are missing out. It is a winner. The price is great, the food is better than great, and they know how to pour a proper pint of Guinness. My favorite pasty is the pilgrim. It's like thanksgiving in your mouth. It's also very vegetarian friendly, with several great veggie pasties on the menu. The beer is a bit expensive ($5-$7 pints) but they have such a great beer selection, that it's worth it.
4	Delicious.  It's hard to choose.  A favorite is the Pilgrim.   A complete Turkey Dinner in a crispy crust.  Sounds gross but it's yummy!  Share one and save room for dessert.
5	This delightful restaurant opened up a few blocks from my home and my friends and I have have fallen in love! The pasty's are delicious. The soup is to die for (and the fresh baked  bread), the Scottish eggs are so very very yummy!But what we really love -- is the Beer Selection!!! Boddingtons on tap! Strongbow, Kronenbourg, Flemish AleWe love the Pasty because the music is always perfectly loud, we never have to yell to talk to each other - conversation is actually aspired to in this great establishment! The staff is engaging and friendly and make you feel at home, instead of a dollar sign. Katie is our favorite bartender and we also just love Phil. The ambiance is just delightful! The colors are warm and inviting, the tables are large and roomy and invite you to meet your neighbors! We love sitting at the outside bar, with beautiful stools and plenty of space!This is my favorite place to grab a bite and hang out in our neighborhood (Oldtown)!Everyone who comes to town also gets the pleasure of going with me here as well. This is my go-to for every guest and my friends and I to hang!
5	Piping hot and tasty. Rosemary chicken flavorful and filling! Wonderful, friendly staff. Thanks Yelpers!
5	Awesome food, and this location is great for outside seating.  Lots of vegetarian options (that are good) and the sauces are all delicious.
4	Friendly and casual, very " pub like", bench seating, inside and out, staff is courteous and amicable. Service is prompt but not rushed, waitress explained menu items- she knew her stuff. Pasty dishes (not pastry) are unique, varied and very tasty. The menu has a brief entry on the history of the pasty. Sort of like a Calzone, but a light and flakey crust and a large selection of fillings. I had the chicken pesto w/ artichoke - very good! Give it a go- you will not be disappointed.
4	The food here is pretty solid.  I had the desert and it was pretty good. The warm peanut butter jelly goodness inside was just delish.  I was pretty tossed so the server was not so much on my mind.  Good food when you are drunk,
4	This place is really nice. The decor is warming, the setting is great and is pretty spacious. The service was awesome (that's the 4th star right there). Ilana is great!I had the leak soup which was tasteful and filling. The peppered pastie was good as well as the rosemary garlic side red potatoes.Prices are also not that bad.Great place to become a regular.Cheers!
5	My first time here was last night. We sat at the bar and the service was amazing. Great bartender, awesome happy hour and the food was amazing! I had the Eggplant Parm and my fiance had the Royale with chesse! We will definitely be repeat customers here!
5	Amazing! The food, atmosphere, and service were all perfect. The best Pasties I've had!
5	Wow! Great place. Love the menu and how different this place is to other restaurants. The atmosphere is very down to earth. Food is great. Will be back and will recommend.
5	The chicken liver pate was fantastic!! They give you an overabundance and are more than kind to give additional bread when you devour it. We stopped in for drinks after a game and it was a fantastic experience. The beer selection was great and the ambiance was one of the best in Scottsdale. Get their early to get an outdoor seat on the bar. They have a great happy hour and drink specials.
5	Great afternoon atmosphere. Great beer selection. And awesome Pasties! Like 30 pasty options.
2	As one writer wrote, the furniture is uncomfortable; picnic style no backs.  My husband and I had the lamb and mint pasty and the "Oggie."  Both were dry, heavy on potatoes.  The beef in the Oggie was tough and tasteless.  The cole slaw was merely shredded cabbage with mayonnaise.  No tang or crunch.  Looked intriguing, but if you are there for the food and not the bar scene, it isn't much.
4	Food was fantastic. Service was a little slow but other than that, loved it.  Great patio and inside seating area.
3	I wasnt as crazy about this place as our friend who recommended it but it was generally good.they were out of the salmon and we ate at 5pm..disappointing as thats really what we went for.instead got the eggplant parmesan which Our party liked and i got the mushroom walnut soup which was fine.some of the music played was way too chaotic..the sound was a mix of styles..some motown some r and b and obviously some screechy hard sounding music..couldnt talk over it and unpleasant.
4	Very cool place. Great bar area and patio. Good service and the food - primarily Cornish Pastys - are good and something different from the norm.  The Pilgrim is like Thanksgiving dinner in a turnover.  Excellent.  Diverse beer selection, both on tap and bottles.  Good place to hang out near Old a Town Scottsdale.
4	Awesome concept, awesome meal. The review may raise to 5 stars if I were to try different pasty options, but this review was for the ones we tried. We had the shepards pie and greek pasties, both were good, but others looked like they were much better. The smashed peas and fries were also awesome. I highly recommend this restaurant!
3	Its "ok". Food is pretty heavy--not for anyone who likes healthy or restricted diet. Great ambiance, good bar and patio. Terrible service and kept having to ask for things from water to silverware to our tab...and it wasn't even a particularly busy night...
5	It's all about the ambience...and this place nails it! Fits into the Old Town fabric like a glove. Great indoor/outdoor bar, pastys are all delicious. Best of all, and definitely not least, this place is not the typical Scottsdale holier than thou place. Blue collar feel and staff. Welcome to the neighborhood  Cornish. Kick up your feet and stay awhile ;)And the music...yeah, cool enough to play 'Bad' from U2. And it fit right in :)
5	I have only been to the Tempe location and loved the food there, but was looking for a more "upscale" atmosphere to take my parents to when they were in town.  This place was perfect. The patio seating was beautiful. It had nice shade from trees and other patio overhangs and the servers didn't forget you when you sit outside. The inside was just as nice too, but a little bit more noisy. The food here was just as impressive as the other locations. I got the leek soup and The Greek pasty and they were so good. I would also recommend their iced teas! They have some pretty great flavors as opposed to just the traditional iced tea. Great service, great atmosphere, and great prices. Can't beat this place.
4	Cornish Pasties have been a personal favorite of mine since a visit to Bath, UK a few years ago. Usually, enjoyment of pasties is highly selective to the individual: however, Cornish Pasty Co. offers a massive selection of options friendly to anyone. The difficulty is: finding the right one for your taste. Here is a rundown of the ones I've tried: Bangers and Mash: Pros-hearty, heavy, gravy-filled meaty goodness. Cons- overloaded with "mash" (mashed potatoes). Chicken Tikka Masala: Pros- a great one to try for those tired of the meat-overload. Great spicy/mild flavor profile. Cons- sauce is a bit sweet, chunks fall out while eating.The Royale with Cheese: Pros- my personal favorite pasty of all time. Meaty, cheesy, buttery, sweet, savory, EVERYTHING IN ONE. Make sure to get medium with bbq sauce. Cons- too much potato. Kept me asking, "where's the beef?"Cajun Chicken: Pros- if you want meat, this one's the way to go. Overload of nothing but spice-rubbed ham, chicken, and bacon. Cons- not a ton of taste, a bit too much meat for my tastes (and that's hard to do). A bit of red/green pepper, broccoli, or other lighter veggie really would've helped.For dessert, we went with sticky toffee pudding and B-something pie. Both tasty, nothing amazing. Good way to top off the meaty, buttery meal. The staff was terrific, portions were MASSIVE (), great ambience. Seemed to be aiming for a British pub/eatery style, making it really enjoyable for a hungry party! One of the greatest aspects of the place was the music they were playing! 70s-90s classic/alternative rock, with some modern too! Modest Mouse, Led Zeppelin, Arctic Monkeys, Black Keys, you name it. Definitely heading over to the Vegas location, thanks for the fabulous, memorable, filling meal, Cornish Pasty Co.!
5	This location is as good as the Dobson location. The pasties are some of the best I have ever had. Try the "Pilgrim" and you we be enjoying the taste of thanksgiving in a pastie!
5	This place is amazing. A huge upgrade to the original location. Great beers a good prices. The name says it all, Cornish Pasty...aka the only English food that doesn't suck. Great outside bar... Perfect for day drinking.
5	I consider myself a regular at this point. At the beginning when the location first opened there were a couple of rough spots. Now however I feel the place is a great addition to the Old Town mix. Great bartenders good diverse crowd from 21 to 80 . This is what a real pub should be like. If you don't like the pasty choices try the pasta salad with chicken. So happy to see no TVs .
5	Get the pilgrim. Enough said.
5	Finally, I have completed my trio of visits of all the Cornish Patsy's in town!!  And guess what, yet another 5 star from me!!  I have to admit, I truly believe that Cornish Pasty is one of my favorite restaurants here in Phx, and just about everywhere else. We are so lucky to have a restaurant like this in the valley. Maybe with my support I can persuade them to come to the North West Valley.....please.lolOk each Cornish I have visited are have the same food, but total different vibe. The Tempe one is very dark and grungy. Black walls will do that. Mesa has almost a church feel, with a bit of French corder in it. Weird in their own ways. The Scottsdale location is made from 2 restored houses. A lot cleaner looking than the others yet has a lot of charm. The first thing I liked is how large the patio is. With connecting the two houses it's like 1 giant patio with a wrap around porch. We came on a perfect spring night and sat outside. Service was great..for the food I had the Cajan chicken, wife had the Mexican, friend had peppered steak. We liked them all, but the least liked was the Mexican, probably wouldn't order that one again. My ultimate favorite pasty is the Meat and Cheese. In fact my friend from Austin that came in to see me wants to go back here on way to the airport and I'm already craving what I'm going to order!! HaOh if no one knows what pasty's are, they are basically a hot pocket on steroids! But made with all natural and fresh ingredients and a flakey crust. Amazing. That all I have left to say.
5	I like this place. You should try the hot pocket. It's my favorite. And oh wow, there's a ton a sexy bearded men there. Pretty great. Kinda wish they had some more local drafts. Carne Adovada pasty gives me a spicy foods boner
3	It's too bad that I couldn't give Cornish Pasty Co. four or five stars like the rest of the reviewers.  Like always, the food is ridiculous...  The Oggie is always a classic and the Pilgrim was excellent, but the service sucked, just like the other locations.For a Thursday night, it wasn't too busy.  We sat on the patio and enjoyed the great weather.  Our server was knowledgeable and friendly and gave us quite a few suggestions on which Pasty's to branch out on.  After we ordered, the service went downhill as it took about 35 minutes for us to get our food.  I can understand that these pasty's are handmade, baked in the oven, but it shouldn't take that long to get your food.  Maybe if there were 40 tickets ahead of yours on a busy Friday or Saturday night, sure... but it was damn near empty.  I would like to see how Cornish Pasty Co. handles themselves on a busy Friday or Saturday night.I was severely disappointed by the crappy service and will likely leave a bad taste in my mouth for a dine-in experience.  Maybe this was a fluke, but I have had very similar experiences at each location and its disappointing.
4	I really like this location.  As a long-time, Old Town resident, I love supporting all of our local restaurants & bars.  The staff was really nice, overly nice actually.  Kind of strange, but I'll take it. The food was pretty good.  I'm not a pasty guy, but I can't complain about it since I decided to dine at a place which specializes in pasties.  That's on me.  The only con is that this place seems like a hipster hangout.  Each time I've been, I've noticed quite a bit of those annoying types.  They can ruin any environment.    But overall, I like this place.
5	Not like anything else in Arizona. I've been to the Mesa and Tempe locations and this is probably the best atmosphere. Not to say the others suck, they're great. Even though this is in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale, where douches run amok, this is the location to visit. It's built into two houses. They have a giant bar that also stretches to its patio seating. The food is top notch. Can't go wrong with The Mexican or Cajun Chicken. What's even better is that they have vegetarian options for their traditional meat pasties. Really can't tell the difference between the two. Really enjoy the English spirit they have here. Also can't hurt that they have Strongbow.
5	I have visited both the Tempe and old town locations and I really enjoy both for their unique vibes, but the old town location is a little more open and has a great patio to enjoy. I have tried several of the pasties but my favorites are the more traditional ones, especially the chicken pot pie pasty - just a perfect, flaky crust and rich, saucy fillings that warm you to the core. Speaking of warming you to the core, get yourself a cup of the leek soup - it's so underrated and you won't even believe it. Spread some butter on the house made bread, dip it in the soup and you've got yourself a little piece of heaven. Always great British beers and ales on tap too - one of my favorite restaurants to bring visitors to in the valley.
5	If there is 6th Star, I would give it 6 star for the great taste of Pasty, chill environment and natural friendly staff! Environment: Super ChillFood: 5 Star+Staff: Very friendlyTomato Soup with homemade bread - chewy and melted as you chew the bread. I would buy a whole package and eat everyday if I'm not in a fitness program, and too bad it's their homemade only.Scotch Egg - not bad, good addition; not impressive though.Salmon, ham, melted cheese pasty -it tastes way x3 better than it looks. Hot & Crispy pasty. Can't explain how much satisfaction it gives. Never had better "Sandwich", period! Hot Sticky Toffee Pudding -Hot Pudding vs cold ice cream. Put the ice cream in it and you won't forget this taste. It's the taste of childhood.
4	P-ay-stee, P-ah-stee, or P-aaaa-stee, however you say pasty- it is good stuff.  When I went here with a large group of work friends, we found many interesting ways to say "pasty" and after the beers started  flowing even more ha!  If you are very hungry this is the place to go!  A pasty is similar to a calzone or an empanada but with a thin-ish pastry dough as opposed to a bread/pizza dough around the outside.  You can fill it up with any kind of yumminess you would like and the menu is full of delicious options.  The drink menu is decent with a good selection of beers and I am a fan of their house cocktails considering 3 out of 4 of them have gin :)The service can be slow, but they are generally nice and informative.  The patio is great for groups with bench style seating and picnic tables.  Two historic homes make up the building and  inside there is a view of the kitchen and the staff usually waves hi, which is very pleasant and inviting!
4	Finally had a chance to try their newest location and as the four stars say, Yay, I'm a fan!I've always liked pastys and have eaten them in places as diverse as Northern Michigan, Canada, England, and Northern California. That's why I'm excited that this local restaurant is thriving here in Arizona.The Scottsdale location is nice and big and although I was here for lunch I would love to go back in the evening and try a few of the beers on the menu. The patio is very comfortable with misters to keep it cool and the interior looks great with lots of seating for both large and small groups.Cornish Pasty Co. is definitely a great new addition to the oldtown Scottsdale area.
5	Always great service, food tastes amazing, awesome outside atmosphere. I have only been to their Scottsdale location, but have become a regular. Great prices as well! Make sure to check it out on Wed evenings for their wine specials!
5	Wow!!  This place has impressively yummy food with a beautiful modern atmosphere and great service.This is the sort of place that makes its vegetarian food taste so good that it doesn't need to be super heavy to compensate for missing meat.  If you're sad that you haven't eaten shephard's pie since you gave up meat, mosey on over!   The vegetarian cottage pie is generous, hearty and flavorful - makes you forget you're not eating meat!We've tried the lovely bit o'salmon and three different vegetarian pasties.  The pasty shell itself is really nice - flaky and yummy but not in a heavy, thunk in the stomach sort of way.  Each pasty choice has been burtsing with flavor.  The salmon is light and flavorful and the combination with the aparagus is just lovely - and the dill cream sauce has a wonderful light tang.  The portobella mushroom has beautiful vegetables and melty cheese, perfect with marinara.  The vegetarian chicken and rosemary is not too dry, and spiced well with nice texture but then the mustard cream sauce hits it out of the park.   The place itself is lovely.  There are tons of seating choices - inside and out, wrap-around bar, big and small tables - it's large but interesting.  The decor is rich and dark with lots of refrences to mining (read all about the origins of the pasty on the menu), and the service is attentive and informed.  After multiple excellent visits, this place is definitely 5 stars!
5	Just had the chicken pot pie pasty and OMG it was incredible. A must try. Can't wait for the Phoenix location!
4	What a charming place with wonderful staff.I came here with my Sis and her kids during my visit on Memorial Day Weekend.  Thankful that I had the whole brood with me as  I was able to take a bite out of everyone's pie. Ordered:Scotch Eggs - tasty, however I would've preferred the yolk to be more on the medium sideLovely Bit a Salmon - refreshing, the lighter choice from all the other pies Bangers and Mash - can't go wrong with this sausage and mashed potatoShepherds Pie - another classic treat in a pieThe Oggie - perfect with a great wine aromaSticky Toffee Pudding - comes to you hot a la mode or with creme anglais (or both), we opted for just the creme anglais. London Mule - a wonderful accompanied to wash down the pieAll the crusts were perfect and this pie lover is in heaven.The atmosphere was warm and friendly. The staff attentive.  This is truly a gem in downtown Scottsdale. Thanks Yelp for leading me to this great establishment. I'll definitely be back.
4	Always a solid meal. Great food, beer and atmosphere.  The spicy asiago chicken is excellent!
5	Service was great, food was amazing! I had only been to the Tempe location, but this one is my new location! I had my favorite, the "oggie", wings that were phenomenal and a couple of beers. I'll definitely be back!!!!
4	4 stars for food... 3 stars for service! I finally got myself here to give it a try. It was definitely worth it, there were plenty of options that were vegetarian and even vegan friendly. There was a group of us, so we had to wait to be seated until we all arrived. That was not that atypical so we weren't shocked when they asked us to sit at the bar and grab a drink.  The bartender was very friendly, and made a pretty good Mule. Maybe I'm spoiled, but I really like my mules served and a chilled metal container... The glass jug wasn't quite doing it for me. Especially since we sat outside it got warm quick. Once we set down at the table, the mediocre service really kicked in. It took almost 15 minutes to even get greeted, and then the server appeared to be in a rush the entire time.  For dinner I ordered a Greek salad to start, a vegetarian pot pie pasty, and a broccoli and cauliflower cheese bake on the side.  No, of course I did not finish it all, but I wanted to have a little taste of a few things instead of just one pasty. Everything was very good. I was so excited to see that they serve quorn in their pasty's. It is my favorite vegetarian meat substitute, because it is not sit based.  Overall, despite the week service I definitely think will be back. It was a great selection, good portions and a really neat atmosphere. Great for groups.
3	We rushed in Cornish Pasty (pronounced PASS-tee, not pastr-y or paste-y) before their last call and they still happily served us without a stink face. +1 for that!But the food was pretty unmemorable and makes me question why I sped from the Grand Canyon to Scottsdale to make it in Cornish Pasty for a midnight snack... I felt a little insane to say the least.A Pasty reminds me of a larger, harder shell empanada with unique fillings..http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cornish-pasty-co-scottsdale?select=yarTeqHwg64O8odSZnxlfg#PDGAtDP0SGlc_mfxyxkHPwPeppered Steak filling - It was good, but lacked steak and the dipping peppercorn brandy cream sauce was super salty. I know, it was gravy-esque and gravy is supposed to be salty. But I did not enjoy the sauce on the side, while I felt like it was more of a mushroom pastry than anything. Not peppered steak.Chicken & Pesto filling - Pesto, chicken and cheese. It was A-OK with marinara sauce on the side.We also got the Scotch Egg appetizer, which was not bad, but I wish there was more flavor in the batter of the egg. And I felt like egg was just an overcooked hardboiled egg.You know that old stereotype about how bad British food is? Uhhh. ha ha ha.. uhh...
5	What a cool place!  When you walk in they tell you that you can sit anywhere, we opted to sit inside since it is hot out, but the patio looks like it would be great when it is cooler out (they also have misters so it isn't too bad out there).  I ordered their version of a Moscow Mule, very good!  I asked the server which of the pasties are most popular and one she mentioned was the Pilgrim, which is turkey/chicken, sweet potatoes, grilled onions and stuffing with red wine gravy and cranberry sauce.  It was so delicious and very filling.  Service was very attentive, food was great, I will definitely be back!  I can't wait for the downtown Phoenix location!
4	Who doesn't love a gooey, meat and cheese filled pocket of bread? Those people who are obsessed with working out, that's who. I could never bring my mom here because she'd make me go on a walk afterwards and complain about how many calories she ate for at least the rest of the night. Brutal. If you aren't one of those people, this place is for you. Don't come here and order a salad. That is just sad. Now for my favorites: The Pilgrim and the Lovely Bit O' Salmon. I have ventured out of the box and tried others, but I always come back to these. They are perfect. P.S. If you've never had the pleasure of a Scottish Egg, for the love of god, what are you waiting for?
5	YUM!Okay let me first begin by saying I was visiting from out of town and friends brought me here for dinner.  What a cool vibe, so trendy and fun.  I wish Cornish Pasty Co. came to Southern California (just sayin!)  I ordered a pasty of course because that's what you do.  I ordered the Shepard's pie pasty with beef.  They also make the cottage pie with lamb, same ingredients.  Honestly it tasted like lamb which I don't like the taste of and I had to send it back to the kitchen.  They didn't argue but offered me another dish on the menu.   I decided to get their Red Pepper, Black Bean, Rice, Chicken, Jalapeno soup with their amazing homemade soda bread and butter.  Honestly it was amazing.  I am still dreaming of that dish and probably could eat it for days.  I gave them five stars because they have a great ambiance, the service was great (friendly) and while the food is fresh and yummy they took care of my little issue politely and made it easy for me to change.I'll be back unless you open a restaurant in So. Cal!!
5	First, I have to say that the number one thing that I look for is service, this is the second to time that I have been here. Michelle was our waitress and she was absolutely amazing!   She was extreme attentive and personable. I will ask for her every time I come here!Second, the decor and environment really make you feel comfortable and makes you wants to stays for hours!!! This is a hidden gem in Scottsdale and it is a must see!!!!!!! : )
5	This is my 4th time here and is once again amazing. I had the Porky and that was my favorite out of all the pasties my family and I have had. I recommend that pasty for sure!
5	For a place that only serves one kind of food, they have a surprising Humber if different delicious things to eat!The beers are all very good and the deserts are just incredible.
5	Firstly got to love a uk themed food place in az. And it is awesome. Live the tin menu. Love the food, love the selection of beers. Makes me a little home sick. But them I remember the winter and I'm ok with misters and 95 degrees at 10:00 at night. Keep up the good work. Hope to see many more around the USA
4	Arrived late so I missed the dinner call as my friends had already had their fill so went with the appetizer option and shared the chicken liver pate which was excellent and the server comped a soup sampler 5 different soups all very good.  I'll be back to try a pasty and explore the large beverage menu.
4	Great place...can't wait for them to open one in downtown Phoenix!  There is ample outdoor seating, a great drink selection, friendly servers/bartenders and amazing food.  The Chicken Greek pasty was perfect - flavorful, fresh and so darn good!  Can't wait to go back!
5	This place is awesome. Went for the first time last night with some friends and we were all impressed! Food is fantastic, people are cool, great service, great ambiance and an awesome beer list. Simple food done well. Definitely going back!
1	The bean dip was bland and flavorless.  The pasty's tasted like they were premade, frozen and heated up.  Not fresh and made to order.  Yuck!  Yelpers you let me down!
5	This new location is fantastic! Patio is great with misters, making it possible to eat outside during the summer. The inside is very nice also. Hipster atmosphere but not too much. The food is delicious, obviously... Long list of choices for pasty! I came in with friends and they were pretty quick to accomodate for a party of 10. Will def come back! So glad we don't have to drive to Tempe anymore to go to a Cornish Pasty :)
4	Ate here for the first time last Saturday. We were surprized to get seated right away. Place was busy. Lots of tables and they have a great outdoor area. Bar is outside and with large counter. Looked like everyone was having a great time but we ate inside, too hot.Love the tin menus, great selection of imported beers on draft. Pricing was reasonable as well. I got the Hefe and it was great. Food was great and a decent value. We had to wait a while for our dessert but I guess they bake it. We'll be back.
5	Great food!!! Everything we had was excellent!! If I had to make a single selection per dining category I would say:Appetizer: Meatballs, they should be called AmazeballsPasty: The Oggie. This is a family tradition for us so I am partial. The red wine gravy is incredible!Dessert: The chocolate bread pudding. I am not a sweets person but could easily SLAM this whole thing.
5	Excellent. Food. Excellent value.  Great customer service.  Portions are easily shared and you will walk out full.  Really good
5	This is another great location for this chain! We headed out here after discovering the place we attempted to go to dinner closed at 4 p.m. on Sundays, so since this was only a mile away from where we were and had been on both our bookmark lists for some time, it was meant to be!The ambiance at this location is great. It has a very laid back feel and plenty of seating in break off rooms throughout. it is a seat yourself place and picking which seat you want can be a challenge with all the great options - inside at the bar to watch all the action, outside with the misters and bar feel, or in one of the knooks with a more private feel??We love to sit at the bar and watch people work, so we took some front row seats and were greeted by our waitress. She took our drink orders and we opted to get the Bangers and Mash and the Porky and both eat half so we get two different flavors each! They were both excellent, but my personal fave was the Bangers cause it was just stuffed with filling and the mashed potatoes were perfect.At the end we opted to split an Apple dessert pasty with ice cream, and it was just as delectable as it sounds! The staff were all friendly and watching them work was fascinating / hypnotic. Overall: A+Dinner and a show if you sit at the bar and watch them work their magic!
5	This place still does not disappoint. Service and food are both quirky fun an delicious!!! Sunday can be a lot of fun at this place as the layout of the huge bar provides excellent people watching.
5	Amazing drinks, impeccable food and the service by Sarah was phenomenal. Favorites include banger and mash, Cajun chicken, and the bread pudding. But come here for the service, as they catered to our every need and Sarah gave great advice for drinks and catered to our every need.
4	Wanted to try something new for lunch in Old Town Scottsdale last Friday. With a recommendation from a friend we decided on Cornish Pasty. There was such a selection of different combinations wrapped in a pastry shell. I chose the Pilgrim. It was so good. It was Thanksgiving in a shell. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it took quite a while to get our food. It wasn't very busy and we only had an hour for lunch. We ended up having to take most out food to go. I wouldn't have minded the wait if we had more time. It looks like a cool hangout.
4	LOVED this place (Mesa location).  Our waitress was quick as a whip with attention, drinks and food.  My dad ordered a bowl if the leek, potato and Stilton soup.  I had one bite and took the bowl from him.  The soft soda bread made the perfect tool for cleaning the bowl of every delicious drop.  And then came the pasties.  Oh mama.  I didn't want to like them- a meal in a pocket and all.  But my Greek pasty made it's way happily down with a Kronenbourg or two.  And then the show had an epic twist- dessert.  No- not me- I couldn't possibly eat another bite, I said.  But dad ordered the chocolate bread and butter pudding anyway.  Sweet Lord- deliver me!  Crunchy on the outside, gooey on the inside with rich chocolate flavor that WASN't too sweet.  I had more than 1 bite.  Ok- I had more than half of it.  And now, more than 24 hours later,  I have no regrets.  Go eat there now.
5	This place is amazing. I have never wrote a review on yelp but this place was reason enough to start. It's pub like atmosphere and the food was some of the best I have tried. I travel a lot and I like when I find places that are not only original but they have great flavors. The staff was nice and the restaurant has an fully open kitchen which was neat. You were able to watch the cooks making pasties right in front of you. They even like to chat it up while they are working which makes you feel less like a spectator and more like a part of the picture.
5	Oh my goodness....the pilgrim is the best savory thing I have ever eaten in a pastry crust. It was thanksgiving, perfectly executed and tucked into a flakey, not at all soggy, pillow of heaven...served with gravy and cranberry sauce. If youre doing it right, you slather both all over your pastry to get a bit in every bite. I want to try every pasty and cant wait to go back!
2	Food is great, really really good.  Dessert is better.  Bread served with soup is good, as is the soup.Problem?   Too loud.   Inside is hard surfaces etc then they play 70's rock too loud, which makes people talk even louder, which makes them turn up the music.  They seem to want to copy the ambiance of "five guys".   I can see Saturday or Friday late, but Monday 4PM?   The food is great because it is made old fashioned way.  The atmosphere is old fashioned.   My question is, after Cornish miners worked all day in mines with loud mining machinery did they listen to loud music?Some places like "Johny Rockets" are loud but have patio to get away from noise.   But this place has speakers on patio too.   Not as loud - we went out on patio, better to deal with flies than the louder noise inside.
1	This restaurant chain is awesome! Unfortunately Alejandra served us. The worst service I've experienced. Other than that amazing.
2	Stopped in for dinner one night with some friends. Inside the restaurant is self seat, I believe, and it was packed, so we sat outside under some misters.Bartender was pretty attentive. He was good on getting us drinks and taking orders. We started with some wings, which were fine. Not a big wing person, but my friends are, and they liked them. We also had some fries as a starter, which were pretty good. Not extraordinary, but I enjoyed them.I had the lamb vindaloo pasty, which tasted like a premade Indian flavored dish was stuffed into the pasty and frozen, then baked for me after I ordered. Not great. Chicken Greek pasty was WAY too heavy on the olives, even for my olive loving husband. Did not enjoy that one at all.Prices for the pasties are a bit high, in my opinion. I don't think I would go back, but I do think the concept of the restaurant is interesting and in cooler weather, the patio would be really nice.
5	Yum yum yum. I love this place. Every pasty they have is just delish. I have been about 3 times to this location and it is just beautiful. Awesome casual/fun atmosphere and good food. What more could you ask for? I don't have a recommendation on which pasty to get. Actually... I recommend trying all of them. You won't be disappointed.
5	Was able to try the one in Mesa and LOVED it.  Great atmosphere, service & food was excellent.  Looking forward to trying the one in Scottsdale (is closer)  Will be back to review!
2	The atmosphere was cool and the food was pretty good, although the service was terrible. Messed up our order and the wait time to get our drinks, food, bill, etc was ridiculous.
5	Great laid back and friendly atmosphere. The servers are very attentive and the food is amazing! They have a great selection of beer and wine. They play good music. We got the portobello mushroom and the greek, chicken pesto and the pilgrim and they are all amazing. You cant skip dessert especially the chocolate bread and butter pudding and sticky toffee pudding, they're heavenly.
2	My husband and I were recommended this place by some friends so we finally stopped by. We live close to old town so we had high hopes that this would be a new go to spot for us. The pasties we had were great. My husband had a light beer which he loved and was on happy hour. The atmosphere was unique and inviting. Unfortunately, our server Alejandra made us feel less than important. We waited ridiculously long for everything, and I finally had to approach her for our check. She was on her phone leaning on the bar and rudely snapped at me. Scottsdale is rich with service oriented restaurants and this place will need to step it up to survive. It will be a while before I consider returning.
4	Had an opportunity to try a Pasty for lunch and I'll give it a 4 only because at the price it's not the best value around but well prepared shepherd's pie had good ingredients and overall I wish I didn't split it with a friend as I could have eaten the entire pasty for a a hearty filling lunch, next time order two and split them for a variety pack.
5	I went to Cornish Pasty in Goldwater a few days ago and I had a wonderful experience; 1) the food is spectacular and very particular, I had the "carne avolada pasty" and I found it delicious;2) the service and the staff is even better... I was there because of my boyfriend's birthday party and they took good care of us, also with the birthday cake brought at the end of the dinner...(perfect timing)3) the prices are good, not too expensive and not to cheap.Concluding, if you want to try an English place, this is the one you're looking for! :)
5	The coveted five stars. Sought by many but delivered so rarely. I had no idea this was such a great place. Tons of indoor and outdoor seating. Great beers. Nice, not-too-dark but could be romantic lighting. And you can watch them prepare your food which is kinda cool. They had wings, which were not the stars here but we were forgiving because the pasty's (PASS-TEES) were something everyone needs to try. A pasty is a baked pastry, a traditional variety of which is particularly associated with Cornwall, the westernmost county in England. It is made by placing uncooked filling typically of meat and vegetables, on a flat pastry circle and folding it to wrap the filling, crimping the edge to form a seal. After baking, the result is a raised semicircular food item.Kind of like a super pot pie with great choices of fillings. The Oggie (Meat and potatoes) and Reuben were faves. The Italian was so-so, but who would think crossing Britain with Italy would work out?Skip the wings, go for the prime objective, and follow it up with the chocolate cake which is semi-lava hot and crispy. Need I say more? Great date spot. We saw a lot of that. Service great, clean, several locales. Oh, and did I say beer?
5	What in the world is a Pasty, you ask? It's the love child of a calzone and a pie crust. A gourmet hot pocket and a danish. Truly, it's just pretty freaking delicious.My company had an event here and we sat on the patio. The sky was drizzling, so the staff pulled down the curtains to keep us from getting wet during our meal. The menu is plain unfair because every-single-pasty looks really good. Be prepared to change your mind at the last minute. I asked the waiter what he thought of the Pilgrim (I cheated and looked at Yelp reviews first). He said it was in his top 5, so I acquiesced. Let me give you the specs on this thing - Roasted turkey/chicken, sweet potatoes, grilled onions and stuffing. Served with red wine gravy and cranberry sauce. It's basically everything you love about Thanksgiving dinner cooked into a pie.The pasties come out cut into two parts and I could not stop after the first. It was just too good to not keep going. I think it was the flaky and delicious crust. I really don't know how there could be a bad choice on the menu. We ordered a plethora of desserts as well, which all received rave reviews from the ladies in my office.I look forward to coming back to check out the expansive bar area and try out another pasty. And, as a Cornish descendant, I highly recommend you support this local Pasty Company!
5	The other location is one of my favorite restaurants and this one is just as good. We had a very large party and the service was just as good as if we had only 2 people. They kept drinks full, food came out very quickly, and it was delicious as usual. I had a vegetarian spicy asiago pasty and loved it. Most of the people in the group hadn't been here before and they all loved it. Not one person didn't seem to like the food. I would never think of getting a salad here with the amazing pasty's but someone did and it actually looked great as well!
4	Right off the bat people should know that they have no TV's here, yep either a brilliant throwback move or just plain ole dumb and that is what I'm leaning towards. I obviously could not watch the football game, but picked up a pasty to go postgame. I went for the cottage pie variety, you know..ground beef, mashed, etc inside that dough. Everything went together quite well, although next time I would skip the red wine gravy dip and ask for another more hearty dipping sauce. The place is big and kinda seems like it needs an identity. The best part would be the outside bar, so it would be a nice place to get a drink after all the games are over on Sunday or on a slow midweek night. Open til midnight also.
4	If your looking for something different to eat this is the place......I had a chicken Greek pasty....it was excellent....we stopped for lunch and as we were driving by we saw a decent crowd....so we stopped to see what they were giving away Lol.....we enjoyed our choices.....it is a laid back place to enjoy the day....so everything was good and the experience was most enjoyable......
5	Having been to the other locations, I must admit this one takes the cake (or pasty, I suppose. Loved the vibe, the service was great and the Rosemary chicken pasty was hands down the best one I've had yet! I even threw in the banoffee to go (because it's wrong to go and NOT have banoffee). I will be returning for lunch time fixes to this location! It's about to be the perfect patio weather and they have the perfect patio to enjoy it!
4	Quaint ambience with old houses turned into a haven of beer and British pasties. Great patio and zero TV's which means people actually talk to each other.
5	Oh, Cornish Pasty. Your atmostphere is on point and your pastys are. So. Good. My boyfriend and I love eating at unique restaurants and he had never been to Cornish Pasty before. I had been to both the Tempe and Chandler locations (Tempe being my favorite), but living 4 minutes away, we had to try this one. I love the open, airiness of this location. It was much more inviting and seemed like anyone was welcome. There were people just sitting having a beer, kinda strewn about and not really at a table. It instantly made me feel like I was in place. I must also give a shout out to our bartender because I'm not exactly the easiest person to make a drink for and he made me a custom lemonhead-type martini that sent me into heaven. In fact, so much so that I got a second! We grabbed an Italian & a Chicken Pot Pie, with a caramel apple pasty for dessert. Left fat and so so happy.
4	Delicious and unique. I had the meat and cheese and my son had the royale with cheese, both delicious.  The dipping sauces were great and the entire experience new and different.
5	It's a very nice place and the pasties taste really good. Great beers, we sat outdoors and it was a very pleasant experience.
5	Lived in South Scottsdale for five years and somehow missed this excellent spot just because I never drive down that street. We tried the most popular choices and, they were tasty. Really good comfort type food. The setup of the place is great with no problem sitting at the bar and ordering your meal. This gives the added pleasure of people watching everyone as they arrive as well as an open air view of the walking street traffic in front. Nice service from the bartenders with everyone working as a team. Love that approach. This is not a high end spot but, delicious comfort food that seems to have an overwhelming loyal base of people.
2	Great expectations followed by a disappointing experience.  Seat yourself . . . and wait.  Order your food . . . and wait.  Food lukewarm.  One item was completely different from what was ordered.  Send back to kitchen for correct menu item . . . and wait . . .  while the rest of the table eats theirs. Manager walked right by us and said nothing. We spent more time starving and waiting for our food than we did enjoying anything fantastic.  No apologies at all while we sat for over an hour at an empty table.  Absolutely nothing would make us want to go back when there are so many other choices.
1	Bland bland bland!!!! My family and I were there for Sunday lunch.  We all ordered  pasties and all of us were terribly disappointed.  The food was soooooooo bland and unseasoned. No flavor at all.  Service was bad too, the server didn't came to our table not even once. Worst place to eat in Scottsdale.
4	AMAZING PLACE! Great atmosphere, amazing food... The only thing I could complain about was the service. It was a Wednesday late after noon so not too busy and our waitress didn't come by much.Other than that I would suggest the curry and carna ASADA dish and their fries!
5	Yum!!!! Comfort food at its finest!!!! What is a pasty? Basically a hearty calzone with sweet or savory filling.  A rich history follows this filling and tasty treat. I had no idea what to expect, and what I discovered was incredible!!! The restaurant is trendy & service great! Open kitchen concept for diners to take a peek of how a pasty is made.
4	Really an open air English pub with basic bar and bench style seating. Great curb appeal too. Staff was friendly and helpful. The beer selection is strong with almost no domestic beers. The food is a homemade hot pocket but fantastic. Lots of selection for ingredients and the pastry is thin and light. Very hearty and good for lunch.
5	Really like the Tempe location but LOVE THIS ONE!  We always go to Tempe because it's closer to home but many times we just do take out because it's so college-bar-dark-and-dreary...  Now we have the open air bar feel that is SO much more appropriate for Arizona. Yay!
4	Fun and authentic. Certainly a change from the slew of average restaurants around the valley. Atmosphere is casual and prices are reasonable. It was a bit loud when I went but it was in Tempe. Can't wait to go back.
4	This is a cool place.  They have a great outside seating area and lots of room to spread out and feel comfortable.  The menu is huge with a ton of selections and a variety of beer as well.  Their bloody mary's are great, a little spicy which I love but some people do not. Their greek salad and cream of tomato soup is fabulous! Just be warned...if you are going to have drinks and watch a game...they do not have ANY t.v.'s.  They want to encourage conversation and I think that's great! But, it's good to know before you go.
5	Went here for a team outing. Extremely friendly waiters. They were very attentive. The food was excellent. Didn't know what a Pasty was until I tried my first one. It is similar to a calzone. I highly recommend this restaurant due to the variety of choices on the pasty and friendly staff.
5	Cornish Pasty just keeps getting better and better!  I love the original Tempe location, but the new one in Scottsdale is just perfect!  It still has a lot of the low key, hipster flare as the original, but it's slightly less grungy and easier to hang out for a while.  The space is great with lots of options for outdoor, bar, and table seating.  I like the vibe a lot and it's a nice alternative to the yuppy scottsdale area.  The food is still the same great fare!  As I've mentioned before, I'm a big fan of the veggie options because they use great tasting meat substitute that is such a treat to have at a restaurant.  I eat meat, but these veggie options taste nearly the same.  Some of my favorites are the spicy asiago chicken, spicy bbq chicken and salmon.  The soups are also delicious!
5	Things you should know:-They have a parking lot, but it's shared with another restaurant and it's TINY. It's actually right in the middle of a busy downtown area, so street parking was also pretty packed. Even though the restaurant was maybe half to two-thirds full, we had to park another street over and walk.-You just walk in and seat yourself.-You can't order pasties with particular ingredients removed (i.e. ask for a Reuben without the sauerkraut). All the pasties are pre-made. So if you don't like sauerkraut, you can't order a Reuben; if you're allergic to onions, you can't order a Pilgrim, etc.I met family here; they were visiting from out of town and the reviews for this place looked good and it said the place was okay for kids. The waiter was very polite and patient when my niece was grabbing ice out of our glasses, and brought some extra napkins. The food was also amazing, and very filling. One pasty is enough for about two meals for me. I was very sad when I had driven away and suddenly realized I left the to-go boxes on the table :( At least I still have the most delicious burps ever.
4	Great place to go after wine tasting across the street at Lawrence Dunham Vineyards Wine Gallery.
4	Came here on a Saturday night and it wasn't too crazy crowded. We were able to find some seats at the benches for a group of 7, no problem. It was my first time here so I got the Oggie as many people has suggested on Yelp. The crust wasn't as flaky as I had imagined and was almost a bit doughy on the part where they pinch the pasty together. Meat and potato filling was slightly bland, so definitely the wine sauce helped resolve that issue. I actually would have liked more of the sauce. Also got the try the apple pasty and banana desserts. I really enjoyed the graham cracker crust on the banana dessert! Very delicious!
4	I like this location better than the Mesa one. It seems more inviting and well lit. I sat outside in the patio and it was pretty great. Happy hour was on and it was a perfect night with beer and a pasty talking with friends.There's a good variety of pasties and alcohol. As for the pasties, you probably won't find this food at most restaurants here in the valley.I also like that this place is on Goldwater so it's not all caught up in the crowd of main street Old Town. :)
5	I am obsessed with the Cornish Pasty. The food? INCREDIBLE. The ambiance? PERFECT. The beer selection? EXCELLENT. Honestly, a pasty is a glorified hot pocket... But these are beyond delicious. The vibe is cool, the patio is large, the food is consistently great, and the beer is cold. What more could you ask for?
5	Everything about our experience last night was great. Excellent food, we had the lamb vindaloo pasty and the spinach walnut soup. So delicious! The alcohol selection is well thought out, I got to try a new sour beer and a locally sourced bourbon whiskey from Tempe. I can't wait to go back and try more things. The staff was friendly and the service was prompt. What more could you ask for?
4	I got here about 10 minutes before my OkCupid date arrived, and no less then seven people ask me if I needed help, just in the first two minutes of me standing by the front door. They told me I could go sit at a table to wait for him, but instead I opted to watch the cooks in the kitchen. I did even know hairnets for beards (beardnets?) were a thing! I ordered a pear cider and it was the perfect compliment to the amazing leek and potato soup. My date was very engaging; I laughed too loudly and was very into him. Everything went so well, and he walked me to my car. When I got home, it was immediately brought to my attention that I had a giant piece of lettuce between my front teeth, which had no doubt been there for at least five hours, since my salad at lunch. I hope he sees that as me being into clean eating, instead of seeing it as me being a disgusting slob.
5	My sister-in-law and I went to Cornish Pasty for their reverse happy hour. She had a mueller (?) cider and I had some kind of IPA. The IPA was fruity and flowery, and I surprisingly enjoyed it! It's not the type of beer I usually go to, but it worked. She ordered the Thanksgiving Pasty and I went with the Portobello Pasty. WOW. The pasties were flaky but crispy and full of perfect flavor! I've never had a pasty before so I don't haven anything to compare to, but this was so delicious.
5	Great place to relax with some surprisingly different and delicious food!  Service was just right and the pasties were wonderful. A place we will return to again.
4	Got an order to go. I got the bangers and mash pasty. It was very potato dense, 2/3 potatoes and 1/3 meat and onion.  the bangers were  moist and flavorful, but the potatoes were bland and needed the gravy to get through it. The pastry was light and flakey. Overall it was good, but I would try a different one next time. The chips were kind of gross. I was told the garlic was good, but nothing like traditional garlic fries. It smelt heavily of garlic but had zero garlic taste. Would recommend a different side. Maybe the English like bland potatoes all around.
4	I want to preface this by saying that we LOVE Cornish Pasty, as a general rule. We usually go there every Sunday for a pasty and a beer and our favorite dessert, banoffee pie. We ordered take-out tonight which included our beloved banoffee pie, and when I removed it from the bag, I discovered a frozen-over mess of what was once, I'm sure, a lovely and intensely satisfying dessert. Normally the whole caramel-whipped cream-banana situation is perfectly fresh- ESPECIALLY the bananas, but this looked like it had been in the freezer for a week before they gave it to us. The bananas were brown and squishy and the whipped cream had turned yellow and was frozen solid throughout the middle. You guys should know better than to expect a dessert with those ingredients to be served any other way than fresh- you do everything else so well! I've never had it not fresh when I was in the restaurant- so this was a huge let down when I brought that rock-solid icy mass of bitter disappointment back for my hubby's birthday dessert! No frozen banoffee pie for anyone from now on, can I get an amen?!! And a replacement on my next visit, perhaps? (Kidding... Sort of.) Had to knock a star off an otherwise favorite local restaurant. If I had wanted a frozen dessert, I would have hit up Fry's for a Sara Lee's (which, sadly, would have been an upgrade from this).
5	This new one is soooo much nicer than the Tempe location. Food is awesome! We usually get different pasty's when we go, but my absolute favorite is the Royal with Cheese. Yummy!!!!!The atmosphere at this location is bar none! Open & airy. An array of seating types to choose from, indoors & out. Beer selection is great, cocktails are good. Just wish they would carry Sapphire Bombay Gin, come on people, it's English Gin after all!!!!This is my go to restaurant when company comes to visit. Highly recommend this place.
4	Eating at Cornish Pasty Co. with two of my friends was very satiating. However, I was not completely captivated. I will list the reasons why I gave this place 4 (and not 5) stars.Pros:The environment is relaxing, clean, and comely. I really enjoyed the convenience of a parking area, despite its near-the-neighborhood location. The environment of the restaurant itself has a grandma's-house feel, so it makes you extremely comfortable. The bathrooms (male) are absolutely spotless, and there was no trash or grease using around the floor. The food was simply delicious. I ordered the Oggie (it was my first time there) while my other friends ordered Bangers & Mash and Carne Adovada. The Oggie's pork, cheese, and potatoes were balanced well, and the red wine gravy goes well with the pasty itself. The pasty crust was very crispy, but the crispness went slightly over the top. The homemade lemonade that we ordered actually tasted homemade--not doused with too much sugar. It was almost worth the money for a decent amount of food.Cons:Even though the environment was nice, the food took way too long to prepare. We were actually starting to wonder if something happened inside the kitchen when the food finally arrived. When we first walked in the restaurant, no waiter came to us to tell us what to do. They expect you to take your seat and order for yourself. Secondly, parts of our crust were burnt. I presumed that burnt crust was supposed to happen when I read about the history of the restaurant, since it states that women made a thick crimped part where the miners held their pasties, which I assumed will be similar to the burned part of my pasty. But upon seeing that one of my friends had neither of his pasties burnt, I wasn't too happy. There was a great balance between the fillings and the crust, but the meat was somehow overcooked.Overall, I was personally pleased with my visit, and I will try to come here again if the location was not so far away from my house. No more KFC chicken pot pie for me, the crust is just not as good as this.
2	You know all the jokes about bad British food?The Cornish Pasty is a place that does pasties, which are basically dough pockets filled with various savory fillings. Apparently British miners found these to be ideal vehicles for meals, and they got popular. This place specializes in them, albeit for a price much higher than what a miner could afford. The location itself is okay. There is bench seating at large, often shared tables. There was no obvious place to enter, lending to confusion early on. I felt like I had to hunt down a waitress. The food was boring. The pasty I had - bangers and mash - was piping hot but about as exciting as cafeteria food. The execution was unquestionably good, but I felt like I was simply wading through a sea of okay chopped meat and boring mashed potatoes. The seasoning could have been improved a lot.  Those eating with me had marginally burned pasties, though their filling was slightly better. Don't get me wrong - this place isn't bad. It just certainly wasn't for me.
4	I have been wanting to try this new location for over a year.  Time seems to be passing so fast.  Finally I was able to have a chance yesterday, so I tried something new.  I tried the Porky and a bite of the Chicken Tikka Massala.  I liked the Chicken Tikka Massala much better than my choice, but since I was sharing mine with my mom, I had to be mindful of spiciness.  I am sure my mom wouldn't have liked the spiciness of the CTM, I on the other hand loved it.  I will have it on my next visit.  I also want to check out the Steak and Mushroom one.  The location and decor is really nice.  The outside bar area looks really cool.
5	There are two locations I know of and this one is well placed in Downtown Scottsdale. I prefer the original location in Tempe for it's charm, but you can't beat the convenience for either.Love the food here-simple and delicious.  If you aren't familiar with a Pasty, it's similar to a calzone but the bread is more like a pie crust (think "hot pockets" if they had more filling options and they were homemade by Grandma). The prices are fair, a pasty and a drink will run you about $12-$15. One pasty is more than enough for a full meal - I always leave the restaurant with half of mine to take home and it makes a fine reheated lunch.  I wish they had few more non-alcoholic and signature cocktail drink options, but that isn't a huge deal.  There is a full bar, so you can probably request a tailor made drink.  I am not that creative with drink ordering, so I like to see ideas right there on the menu.Service and quick seating has never been an issue.  Parking is limited though.
4	I absolutely LOVED the food. My wife an I got so much food for our money. The environment was mellow yet fun. Our server Alanah was very on point with our needs as customers and I would recommend coming to this location to anyone.
