4	Great wings and cheap beer. Doesn't get any better. Especially with the free taxi shuttle Fri and Sat.
4	As with other Native New Yorker's I have been to, this place is just as good.  Many of the restaurants in Maricopa offer crappy food with crappy service, NNY does not.  I've been to this one 3 times and each time the food has been great and the service is top-notch.  Hopefully this one will keep up the good work and keep giving people in Maricopa a good place to go.
4	Apparently people in Maricopa think of April Fool's Day as a major holiday that requires going out to eat because I can't think of any other reason a restaurant would be as packed as this place was on a Thursday night at 8:00.  Maybe it's the food...When we got there we were told that there was a wait but if we didn't mind eating in the bar then we could go sit down right away.  We opted for that rather than sit around for who knows how long.  The hostess handed us our menus and we just picked a table that was free.  It took a while for the waitress to take our order, so long in fact that my husband asked if I wanted to go somewhere else, I figured we'd just wait it out and see what happened though.Once the waitress did come around for our order she was friendly which made us not feel so bad about waiting.  She was quick with bringing our drinks, appetizer and the food.  Something we weren't expecting given our first impressions.  The food was AWESOME!  We started with the potato skins which were larger than most restaurants normally serve and had tons of melted cheese, real bacon and fresh scallions.  My husband had the House Calzone which was delicious.  The flavors all worked really well together.  I had the grilled chicken Ceasar Salad and it was probably the best one I've had.  The chicken had a great flavor from the grill, there was just the right amount of dressing that you could taste it in each bite but it wasn't drenched and there was real cheese on it that gave it just the right extra flavor.We were even more pleased when we got our bill and it was a lot less than we usually spend at a restaurant.  After tip we spent about $35.  Not too bad if you ask me.  We will most certainly be returning!
5	Just went here again and it was even better than the first time!  It wasn't as busy so we were seated right away and our waitress was AWESOME!  Her name was Danika and we're going to be requesting her everytime now.  Super friendly, knew about the menu, constantly making sure we had everything we needed and she made great recommendations (you HAVE to try the Chocolate Chip Cookie Sundae, ask her to describe it though, it's really funny!).
3	Not as good as it was years ago , but, still just OK.
3	I ordered a Pizza & Wings for Take Out for the family on our road trip. I got there before it was ready, paid the young lady and asked how long it would be. She said like 10 minutes or so I guess. We waited outside a few, then came back in and read some stuff about Native on the ways in the lobby. She called my name, not being able to put 2 and 2 together and I waited with my arms out to pick up my pie. I asked if there were red peppers in the bag, she said no. I asked if I could have some she said yes. I asked if there was napkins and parmesan cheese, she again said no. I asked if I could have some. She said yes. OMFG. I had to ask if there was any way I could get some plates and extra napkins. She never offered anything. Plus I had already told her that I needed all this stuff when I called it in! What a complete lackadaisical worm this girl was. Needless to say I still threw a tip to the other girl lol that was standing right next to her. I am sure that they must split them, if the don't they need to. The other girl was watching this train wreck with astonishment. I can be a little sarcastic when a coaching notice is needed. I wish I could have seen a manager...Anywhere! But like many places no manager ever asks how are things? Is someone taking care of you? Is everything and everyone doing well tonight? Nope none of that. The food was good. The wings a little on the soggy side, I had asked for "Grilled Extra Crispy" they might have been that way, but the overbearing amount of sauce killed them. Still good as we were all hungry as hell. I have eaten or dined in here a few times before and the service was pretty good. Maybe next time I am in the area I will try them again.
2	today was the first time ive been to a native new yorker restaurant. and it will probably be the last.it wasnt terrible. but it wasnt great eithetr.my wife and i both had the "extreme cheeseburger" she ordered well done, i medium.both were medium well. the food was hot, but underseasoned.the waitress was nice, but forgetful.the experience wasnt what i would call bad, and with the number of food establishments who actually put forth the effort, native new yorkers just not worth the return trip.
3	Went on a Wednesday night, not very busy. Ordered medium traditional wings. Tasted good, just average though. Service was good but slow. Brought me extra ranch for free, alot of places charge extra so that was cool. Place has like hundred tv's, would be great to watch games.
4	Good bar food-great wing selection!
4	I LOVE 39 cent wings on Thursday nights! I'm normally not a wing fan, but I like their honey BBQ wings. Good service. The only tiny little thing I would like to see improve is when you order something messy (like wings) you should automatically be given wet wipes; had to ask for them.
3	The best way to describe the food is average.  I've never had anything here that struck me as particularly good or bad.
2	I've heard so many wonderful things about this chain that I was pretty excited to try it. I came here with my family a while back and none of us were all that impressed. The service was pretty good. Our waitress was friendly and had a good sense of humor. It was the food that failed to impress. I ordered a calzone, my husband and father got sandwiches, my mom got a salad, and my daughter ordered chicken strips. The food was just kind of... blah. It tasted ok, the portions were the right size... but everything tasted kind of flat. I don't think I'll return. Maybe it's just this location, but either way, it just left me with a bland taste in my mouth.
4	Service is consistently good. I like that the bar and main seating area is separate so it is a good family place. I usually get their mozzarella sticks or the Greek flatbread salad. This is a good portion size and quite filling. The dressing and flatbread are tasty.
2	They always screw up the order, especially on take out!
4	This place is all about the karaoke to me. Every Wed. & Sat. 9pm-close. The staff is friendly and attentive, while the whole place has a nice neighborhood bar vibe. Definitely worth checking out and belting a few tunes while you're at it.
3	I have eaten there many times. As  Maricopians know there are not many choices unless we go out of town. The service there seems to be hit or miss, sometimes its great and other times you feel invisible. since the new menu came out the prices have gone up and serving size much smaller. We usually get the loaded steak fries and when they changed the menu the plate was 1/2 the size. when asking the server if the portions are smaller, she stated no they are the same just different plates. NOT the fries are in a much smaller plate and that plate is on another larger plate(the one that used to have the fries)  the wing there are great but I always ask for them well done or they are mushy and under cooked.  The place needs a make over and is kind of dirty when you look around. I have been in the food industry and the public areas are the most important. If they can keep that clean then you can imagine how clean the areas you dont see is (kitchen)  I try not to think of this when there.overall its a good place to go but needs better management. I love to support local places and would do anything to help them out. but they must work to earn our business also.
4	They usually do pretty well here. This time our wings were a little on the cold side, they replaced them immediately with some hot ones. I wish they would go back to half price appetizers instead of just 4.00
3	the food is okay. the portions are small. we went on a thuirsday for pizza and wings cause their wings are 45 cents. we ordered a small cheese pizza 24 wings and 2 drinks. their wings are so small i felt like i was eating popcorn chicken. we should of gone to our regular place barro's where for the same price we get twice the size of the wings and an extra large pizza. and not to mention better tasting.no more native for me plus the hostess was busy chit chatting. why is it that all restaurants who hire 16 year old girls tend to have that issue.
2	First time to this Chain and it was Okay! Service was good and the food was just okay nothing I would rush back for to be honest
5	Good times, good service. Always a good crowd of fun peoples in the bar area, and it is separate from a large dinning area if you are coming with kids
2	Overall this place is a big disappointing.  I guess because Maricopa has such a small selection of sit down restaurants quality and customer service is optional.  I've been in a total of three times and have had no good experiences.  The food is a joke, nothing worth the prices being charged, definitely below the quality I would expect from such a widely respected chain.  The sub-par food is enough to keep me away but the experience I had with our waitress my last time really punctuated my decision not to return.I had ordered a side of guacamole with my meal and when everything arrived it had forgotten, honest mistake.  I didn't really care that much so I proceeded to eat my meal without it and was again not impressed.  At the end when the check came sure enough there was the $1 charge for the side.  I pointed out to the waitress that she needed to remove the charge because the side was missed.  Here comes the shocker, the waitress began to scold me for not telling her when the meal came out!  She told me next time I need to tell her before the check arrives  Had it not been for my mother-in-law I would have let the girl know how rude and unprofessional she was about her mistake, I'm the customer I only need to know what I want to order.  She went on to rattle off something about how she had already been dinged for a similar circumstance, then begrudgingly gave me a dollar out of her own pocket, I assume so she wouldn't get reprimanded by her boss.My take on this place, leave it.  0 for 3 I will not be returning.
2	This is by far the worst of the Native New Yorker franchises... which I like.  The Tues wing special is more expensive (.10 per wing) than the others and their wings are smaller.  When we asked the waitress about the differences her reply was that there was no difference... well I beg to differ as I have eaten at the Gilbert Rd and Germann location many times and there was a huge difference in the quality of the wings! I won't be going back... just because Maricopa is lacking in competition doesn't mean quality can take a backseat.
4	I've only been here at night so far, and last night was only my second time. It's a great small town bar, everyone knows each other and they are all very friendly. If you find yourself in Maricopa at night and you're looking for the night scene this is it.
2	Not really a fan of anything they offered food and service was not even worth writing a full review!!
4	Good food 'almost' all the time. Last visit was terrible. 19 out of 20 visits are great though.
3	Not a bad place to eat, and the atmosphere is good. The issue I have is sometimes the service can be bad and it can take forever to get your food, but other times food is quick and service is great!
2	TERRIBLE service.  The restaurant wasn't that busy & there were plenty of empty table but I was told I needed to wait so they could clean off a tables.  So I waited, waited, waited & finally asked, do you think I can be seated soon orrrr? Oh I'm sorry I totally forgot!  We don't have any clean towels to clean the table, they're looking for some in the back. Really? Ooookkk...  So, I finally get seated wait another 10 minutes before the server approaches me.  She asked what she could get me to drink & wanted to know if I was ready to order. I ordered my drink, (ice water that tasted like it was straight out of a toilet) & said I'd love to order but nobody has given me a menu.  Finally ordered a cheeseburger.  Added mushrooms, substituted a salad instead of fries. The sad plate of lettuce, they call their house salad did come right out & I was starving at this point so I ate my plate of lettuce. Waited, waited, waited, a 1/2 hour goes by, I finally went to the front & asked the hostess to get me my check & make the burger to go.  I'd been sitting there so long I was already late back to work.  Then my bill came. A Cheeseburger w/ a side salad & water to drink, $14.50. Huh???  For a cheeseburger meal.  I could've got better service & a better burger from Carls Jr. for 1/3 of that price.  Needless to say, I dont think I'll be back.
2	I'd give this place 3 stars if I was only reviewing the Bar...but on occasion, I take my family here for dinner...and as usual, we were very disappointed with the food quality and taste.  This is one of the last standing local joints in the Copa, so they know that they do not need to raise the bar on themselves due to a captive audience.  The quality if what leaves the kitchen is un professional and bland.  Boneless BBq wings - my daughter was nauseated while eating these, her normal fav dish.  Chicken Pot Pie - RAW dough at the bottom;  soupy mess in between...Asian Chicken Salad with their special ginger sesame dressing???  This was tasteless and the chicken was in long strips and also without taste.  Lettuce was in 6" strips and a very miss matched sort of greens...My son ordered the Traditional Wings medium w/ hot on the side...these were as always very tasty.  See, not all bad, but if you want a meal and not bar food, go to KFC.
2	Consistently the WORST service ever.  With so few decent choices in town (besides fast food), we have gone back many times because the food is alright.  It's one of the few places where I can get a pretty good salad that isn't drowning in dressing or where the lettuce isn't wilted and disgusting.  That's about the nicest thing I can say.  The service, no matter how few people are in the place, is always incredibly slow and the staff seem too young and inexperienced to care or to engage in any kind of rapport with the guests.  Really, really disappointing every time and just okay for takeout.
4	Good wings! Love the salt and pepper wings especially! The karaoke is fun too! I go about 2 times a month and I always get good service.
2	The server was friendly, but the food was horrible.The food took forever to come out (nearly 30 mins).I ordered the California Burger and fries. Fries were cold. Burger was bland. Lettuce was withered.My mom ordered buffalo wings. Salty and cold.Won't be going back. I rather drive all the way to Chandler.
3	Been a few times, and I always seem to get sick after eating here. The food isn't very good, just full of grease and fat. The staff isn't the friendliest of people either.
3	I have gone here a handful of times in the 5 years I have lived in copa and most times it was horrible the food was dry and tasted like it had been sitting on the counter in back for hours ...but in my most recent visits it seems to have improved greatly. Hope it stays that way....
1	My family recently relocated from the east coast and was originally excited to check this place out. Maricopa is a small town with few restaurant options so one with an east coast vibe sounded comforting. I was incredibly disappointed with this place. There is nothing native, nor New York about this place. Its dark, low-budget decor is not welcoming at all. So a few oddly placed landscape photos of New York is supposed to help? The menu was equally disappointing. I ordered the ribs, oops, they no longer sell ribs here and haven't fixed the menu because it comes from corporate. So I asked if they offer any steak options. No steak either, not even a New York Strip? Does this chain think people in AZ are stupid and have never been to NY? I ended up ordered the fish basket but only 1 out 3 of the fillets actually showed up on time. Can we say Kitchen Nightmares?Our server, Kelly, was as sweet as can be so kudos to her. I'm glad I'm a native Floridian and not a New Yorker otherwise this place would offend me.
2	I ordered carryout buffalo wings.  The staff seemed friendly and efficient, the general feel of the establishment was nice.The men's room was filthy and in ill repair.  My order was served promptly and when I got home the wings were small and slightly above room temperature.  I called and asked a manager how one cooks room temperature buffalo wings and was told that they are batch cooked in advance and kept hot.  I do not see how they could be kept at a safe temperature if within five minutes they are as I received them.The manager offered a replacement, as that would have meant driving back to their restaurant I declined.
4	This place is good for a quick lunch or dinner with family. Kid-friendly, too.
4	Consistently good food and service. We return here often.
1	The food lags far behind even other Native New Yorker locations. They don't have everything on their menu, and their service is lazy. Everyone seemed unhappy working there. Honestly, we haven't gone back there since March, and considering the lack of other options, you have to be pretty bad to get out of the Maricopa rotation. Congrats, Native.
2	Since they changed the wings to this awful breaded thing I don't order. I miss the old 10 cent wings
2	I have been to several Native New Yorker restaurants, and this is the least welcoming of them. The staff seems disinterested in real service, and performs the bare necessities to get by.  If you bring any discount or coupon, wait staff has to take it to the wizard behind the curtain for permission to use it, which really slows down a take-out order.  In the years since they opened, the quality of food and service has really gone downhill.  Too bad for Maricopa with too few alternatives.
1	Just really bad... We've been to this location twice now and it's just terrible. The wings are overly breaded and they kind of just slop the sauce on, not even covering the entire wing. Also we normally get the spicy honey mustard at other locations and I don't know what sauce this location uses but it isn't even a mustard. It's some sort of oily concoction that tastes like spicy fried oil. Yuck! Also the restaurant itself has an awkward setup that feels uncomfortable especially when the booths and tables are run down and old. My boyfriend happened to use their restroom and he said it was disgusting and compared it to a run down gas station bathroom. Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.  We normally go to the Ahwatukee location and I think we'll just keep making the 25 minute drive and go to a more comfortable location where the food is good and the atmosphere is friendly and inviting.
4	Food is good they have a great local bar area here nice place to go in Maricopa on a Friday or Saturday night I wish they had a little. More stuff on the menu but that's the only down side to here its a great local place to take your family
4	Took the family for the night out for dinner. Wife and I had the BBQ Sliders, very good.  Also ordered some Honey BBQ wings, wonderful!  A bit heavy on sauce, but still ate everything.  French fries were seasoned well, didn't have to add any salt or pepper.  Wanted more soda refill though.  We will be back and devour more wings!
1	My family and I normally go and eat out on the weekend and of course living in Maricopa there isn't much to choose from. We were also entertaining guest for the night as well and it was about 730 when we arrived and we didn't leave till almost 10 and it wasn't that we had a great time the service was SOOO BAD! With a big party I expected to wait a little longer so no biggie. But with our waitress the little red headed snotty girl that was helping us was a complete joke. The table next to us was served 10x as much as we were and she just completely turn a blind when near our table. We were served luke warm food and had to wait almost an hour before we were served. We got attitude all night long and utterly embarrassing display of family environment and the thing that was bad was she got a $20 tip for nothing. Next time i'll learn better and order and pick up my food and I'll guarantee by the time I get home my food would be a lot warmer. Avoid the red head!
1	While our server was great the food was mediocre and the atmosphere poor. Place was a little grungy. Won't be going back
2	Was excited to try this place having just moved to Maricopa about a week ago. Got seated and served drinks fairly quick. That was good. We placed our order and that was easy and quick. Between 4 adults we ordered about 4.5 pounds of wings. I didn't realize that would take about an hour wait time...! We were so hungry just sitting there seeing people who came in after us get their food AND bills before us. So irritating. And our waitress didn't seem to mind us waiting. Can't say id be back any time soon
4	The service is friendly and fast, the food is exactly what you'd expect from a large chain. No real surprises, the best part is the regulars at the bar. Lots of fun.
1	This place smells stale.  The bar looks like it walked right out of 1987's Handbook For Setting Up A Sports Bar - poorly lit, a handful of TVs, a couple of decent beer taps, mediocre prices.The wings are terrible here.  I remember when Native had good wings.  Now these are laughable, and with all the better wing places in the Phoenix area, Native is a bad choice.  The service is slow.  Granted, that's par for the course in Maricopa, but still.  I wouldn't waste my time.  Even the Luxe Lounge in the Multi-tainment Center has better wings.
3	Food was fairly good its a bit noisy for my taste but what do you expect from a bar on a Friday? The service however sucked. Our waitress only came to our table to take our order and bring it to us and give us the bill. Our drinks stayed empty and we watched her sit down behind the register. The 3 whole times she came by she flirted with the gentlemen I was dinning with and even told him to stop by the register for her number. Hello? I was there! I know this isn't the usual experience and not really the restaurants fault. We filed a complaint and received a discount. Other then that no actual action was taken. The food in my opinion was way over priced. Not that the food was bad but $14 for a cheeseburger... Other than that it was very clean and the other waitresses were very friendly and willing to get the manager for us. Probably better as a place with a group of friends than a couple.
1	We walked into the joint, half empty...seated ourselves, and left after 15 minutes of being ignored.  Wait staff in and out of the kitchen....doing nothing but b.s.'n and playing grab ass or texting on their phone.  Won't go back and strongly discourage anyone else from spending their time or money there.
1	Worst experience ever. And I love wings. I can't believe that after spending $70 on wings only to get some wings with feathers on it. Yes correct was so disappointed. There goes my experience.
2	I don't think I would ever go in and eat but the take out is good and they honor happy hour pricing on take out which is great!
3	Food is average but soup is usually good. I wish they still had chili it was amazing. The change on the sliders to a pretzel bun is terrible. They are no longer edible
3	Been here many times. Each time I feel dirty after I leave. The booths are half broken, slimy and the tables eh. I have to wipe everything down with Lysol wipes before I feel ok to eat there. The menu has a great variety. The chicken strippers are good, sauce variety is amazing. Their strawberry salad is yummy. Their 2 for $20 is a great deal. Again, not many options in Maricopa, so we "put up" with the downfalls.
1	Bathrooms are always dirty and we waited over an hour for food. Gave them the benefit of the doubt try them again same thing. Will not be back.
2	The service is usually sub-par, and the food is just "okay". The prices aren't bad and they have a great location, which is the only thing that has kept my business. They usually have good beer on tap, so that's a plus.
2	Supposedly known for their wings, Native New Yorker needs to perhaps find a new wheelhouse, specialty or business concept as their signature offerings are...meh at best. This location in particular is like a bizarre vortex of awful, truly weird layout, odd glass rooms full of overall wearing men, and dated fixtures straight from 1999. After being offered "half price strippers," you will then likely wait an inordinately long time whilst perched on a sticky booth. It's certainly an experience with lots of sauce options...which does not make up for the overall lacking of everything else in any way.
5	I live in CA, here in AZ for a visit. Best wings I've ever had. Great sliders too! Will look for one of these in so cal
3	So I'm updating my review. We've tried this location a couple times and it was always terrible. I ended up making a complaint with corporate on how bad this location was because we had tried them for a third time a few months ago and again it was awful. Corporate was very apologetic and sent us a gift card for the money we felt was wasted at this location. We ended up using the gift card a couple times at the location we love in Ahwatukee. However, last Tuesday we really wanted wings but didn't feel like making the 20 minute drive, so we decided to just give the Maricopa location, yet again, another chance. We figured if any night we were going to receive good food it would be that night since they should be busy for Tuesday wing night. And we were right, they were busy, well, sort of... compared to Ahwatukee's busy it was nothing, but for them it seemed like a lot. We were seated almost right away. Now the environment is still completely terrible; awkward seating arrangements, a strange shaped, half wall smack in the middle of the front of the building, basically no decor, missing and old tv's, and there were large clumps of dust in our window sill. The service was okay, nothing great but nothing terrible. We ordered our regular; loaded fries and traditional wings. Surprisingly all the food was delicious! We were so happy! Lol So the trick is to come here on wing night to ensure the better cooks and better food, or that's our guess anyhow. I'm leaving my review at 3 stars until we've gone enough times to see that they've really improved their food or if last Tuesday was just a fluke. *fingers crossed*
