5	WOW is all i can say!! Amazingly fresh, excellent balance of sweet, spicy, savory, heat, and salt.  All the elements of an  amazing thai restaurant.  The owner is very friendly and goes out of his way to make sure every guest feels welcome and that their food is to your liking.  Their somolier is excellent and really knows his wines and his craft beers.  There noodle and curry dishes are my personal favorite.  Their deserts are great too.  Their chocolate cake is out of this world. They also had a banana desert that is amazing too.Besides excellent food, beer, and wine they also have a wonderful tequila selection.I love this place and so does everyone I have ever taken there agrees.
4	WOW is all I can say too!!  When I saw the bill...even with a $25 GC it was $100 for four people to eat here!  There was two beers (and you know how places only fill a tap beer about 2/3 full?  That is this kind of place) and two glasses of house wine (likewise chintzy on quantity), two appetizers and three entrees.I do have to give major props on most of the food, the yellow chicken curry and pad see u (sp??) were quite good, also ordered Lard Nar which was lackluster at best.  Satay was solid, their version of crab rangoons were completely cream-cheesy I didn't taste one sliver of crab in them.Bottom line is although they had some food that was pretty, even very good, I'd likely not return simply due to the high prices. Go to Taste of Thai on Bell/35th Ave and you'll walk away full in the stomach and full in the wallet  Grasshopper :)
5	This place is AMAZING!Amazing Thai food, amazing ambiance, amazing service, and an amazing boutique wine list.  I've been to Satara several times and it never ceases to please.First of all, who knew you could have a unique, classy, non-box-chain-restaurant, not in a strip mall, that makes outstanding, sophisticated food, on the WEST side!! Seriously, this is the part of town that thinks Hammerheads is good.  Satara is definitely a fish out of water, in the bluefin toro sense.And to address the reviewer who complained that dinner for FOUR people WITH alcohol cost $100....seriously???  Applebee's isn't far away....but for those who think it's worth spending (gasp!) $25 a head for an AMAZING Thai feast with alcohol in a very cool atmosphere...check out Satara.ps...if you like Thai soup like I do...try the Tom  Kha Gai....it's (you guessed it....AMAZING!!)
4	Great green curry! Actually everything I have had on their menu was wonderful. I especially enjoy the Thai iced tea.
5	Fried Tofu appetizer was one of the best I've had with the flaky/crispy batter, and the portion was very generous.  Our curries were delicious, and we enjoyed the small, intimate atmosphere with special glassware.  Nice touch with the de-labeled wine bottle filled with cold water on the table.  Prices were fair for the quality of food and overal dining experience.  Only negative was the excessive time to get our food.  We arrived shortly after 11 am and there was only one other table at the time, so it's not as though our food was in a queue for the chef to prepare.  It took 75 minutes for two of us to have an appetizer and entrees, with no alcohol.  Given the small size of the place I would not have thought the food would take so long, and we'll probably come back but certainly not during prime dining hours.
3	Went here for dinner after a movie. I have to say that it is decent food. My husband and I had crispy pork for an appetizer. It was a little too crispy for me. I then had a shrimp and asparagus dish which was good, nothing to write home about, but still good. My husband had rice noodles and seafood dish which was also good. I didn't try the wine, although the wine list is fairly impressive. I would rate the ambiance as a mix of the early 90's with a dash of trying too hard. Black walls and blue lighting..... The service was great. And to be honest it is very difficult to find a non-chain restaurant in this area.....I will go back to try this Thai again.
1	If  you are looking for a California wine bar this is the place, authentic Thai food, not so much.  We started with papaya salad which was very fresh but tasted nothing like we have ever had in a thai restaurant below (or in Thailand).  We also had larb with gai (ground chicken) but very bland.  We shared Pad Thai which was absolutely horrible.  Some type of soy based bitter tasting sauce...a deep black color..never seen before...which was very interesting but inedible. Waiter could not describe how made or why black color in a Pad Thai.  After that waiter would not look at us and did not credit our bill.  In fact, waiter in general seemed like we were bothering him on a not very busy Saturday afternoon.  If you are looking for authentic Thai food this is not the place.
4	I really liked this spot.  Me and my date stopped there today ( Sunday) for lunch.  Tried the veggie spring rolls and the thai salad with grilled beef.  Hit the spot!  The place is chill with a laxed feel.  I like the wine racks and artwork.  The outdoor patio outside looked like a romantic spot to drink some wine with a hot date. They have live music every Saturday and Sunday night,  where I imagine the place gets much busier.  I hope to catch a night out over there before moving to downtown Phoenix.
4	Very Classy, love the style. The restaurant seems to have too much wasted space in its building though, and two entrances leading to the same place? The food is Amazing, their curry is heavenly, their soups are even better, and their lettuce wraps are highly recommended. Their Service though has gone downhill for the last couple months, and their prices are getting too high for the little amount of food given. A dinner for two can be around $30-50 for just two entrees and an appetizer of medium size portions.Excellent place for dates and hangouts. Love the glasses :), the restroom and the whole setup is beautiful and stylish. Medium to Highly Recommended.
4	My husband and I really enjoyed our meals, and the atmosphere is very pleasant and modern- love the water fountain.  The lighting could be improved a little- it was just a tad too bright, we kind of felt like we were under a spotlight.  The water glasses are really cool and the thin slice of cucumber under the ice was sooo refreshing!   We had the Crab fried rice (yummy!) and the Cashew Chicken (very good, but just a little sweet).  It was a bit pricy, but we tried them out using a Restaurant.com coupon, so it wasn't too bad.  A great 'date place'.  We will definitely try them again!
4	I had the Tom Kha soup and the Sweet and Sour Tofu.  Both were very good.  I tasted some of my husband's Massamun Curry, and I thought it was a bit too salty with not much sweetness.  I prefer the Massamun at Thai Basil.The portions and the service were good.  I was too full for dessert, but I would have like to try one.Overall I liked it and will go back.
4	Okay, seems a bit strange to have two entrances that lead to the same place, but I "get" uniqueness. Lounge looked very attractive, but we asked to be seated in dining room. Beautiful atmosphere-love the art-love the water feature. WTH is up with the wall sconces that look like sperm? The water with cucumber slice was very refreshing and she kept the water coming. I was surprised by their excellent draught beer selection, being a wine place and all. The wine selection looked fantastic and I'm sure that we'll be back to put a dent in that wall o' wine!I ordered the cashew chicken-mild (I'm a Thai weinie!) and it was terrific. Very large portion. Sauce was excellent. I'm not a big bell pepper fan, so next time will order without the peppers although not so many that I couldn't pick them out.Hubby ordered the Green Curry Fried Rice with Chicken-Medium-(always test the first time out!) It was fantastic. I think next time he'll order the next step up and if I ordered this, I'd be able to handle the Medium. Presentation was wonderful, so the food was not only tasty, but looked beautiful as well. I'm anxious to go back and hit up the soups and appetizers, but just knew from previous Yelpers that I would be getting a large entree and didn't have the room!
5	Wow...Not only does this place prepare delicious thai food, but they happily prepare delicous VEGAN thai food, at your request. 5 stars for bringing a touch of veganism to the West Valley!!! Their menu denotes that many items can be made vegan. How refreshing. The service was A+, waiters very accommodating and attentive. I got the fried tofu appetizer which was by far the best fried tofu i've ever had at a thai restaurant. I also got the Vegetable Pad See Ew (sp?) as a main entree that was absolutely delicious...wine was excellent as well. Loved the upscale decor and atmosphere (thank you for bringing some class to the West Valley -- a refreshing change from all the run of the mill chain restaurants. I will be back again and again.
3	Food is hands-down terrific (not great presention or pride in presentation but sufficient).  Lost a ton of points in service. Long wait for entree to arrive after appetizer (crispy pork-excellent).  Had the red panang curry-outstanding and pineapple fried rice.  Great portions for the money-great value.  Water glass was empty for a long time, didn't offer a second glass of wine, took forever to receive a bill and have the left-overs boxed up.  Again, great food but the service left alot to be desired.  Not sure if we'll be back as the valley has many great restaurants.
1	So I been away from reviewing for awhile but I felt I just had to write about this.  Recently we went to Satara to try it out and left unhappy. We started off with the Mussels on the appetizer menu and although seasoned well, the Mussels were musky and a bit slimy. My girl ordered the Tao Hoo Tod and we quite enjoyed it, the Tofu had good texture and over all well put together.Right after we finished the appetizer,s a some-what tall skinny man with a let's say "interesting" suit comes over to talk to us and just came across very odd. He started coaching us on wine although we asked no questions. We read up on wine and some of the things he stated were just not very accurate. We were polite about the interaction but it seems like he wouldn't leave and proceeded to tell us about things he has done that quite frankly had nothing to do with my dinner. Finally this guy which introduced himself as the owner finally left my table. Our server was a very pleasant guy and apologized for the owner and said " yea, I guess you met John"  and we shared a giggle. The next dishes up were Yaam woon seen salad, Tom gai (soup), Gaeng galee curry, Pattaya and this seems like allot to get to the table all at once and it is. I am no restaurant pro but what ever happend to coursing meals? The Yaam woon salad was was enjoyable and the Prawns were cooked well along with the sauce it was a good dish.The Tom Gai soup lacked balance and seemed like mostly coconut and lemongrass which if this has ever happened to you it is not pleasant. The Curry although tasty it lacked potatoes and carrots like I have seen in every Thai restaurant. It seems like it was mostly curry and not allot of the other things.. If that makes any sense.By the time we got to Pattaya it was cold and the mushrooms were rubbery maybe due to the amount of time they were on the table but I think not, everything came out all at once and it just sat there. The guy with the suit (owner) came over and asked us what were are dislikes and when we told him he tried to lecture us on Thai food like if we new nothing about the food and made us feel like it was our fault that we did not love the food. I have ate Thai food many of times and besides that it should be about the guest not an imposed idea.I most likey would never come back as-The prices were very high compared to every Thai restaurant in the valley when the food was par to sub par-There are many other places that serve better authentic Thai cuisine in the valley and near by (Line Thai restaurant) - places that value there customer and make them feel welcomed not out of place because we don't stroke some ones ego.This is why I love Yelp because it gives the customer a voice that would other wise go unheard...
5	This is a wonderful place.  The paanang curry with chicken completely is crave able!  I often go here.  I have also had the Tom Kha which is great as well.  I have taken guests here that also rave about this place, we leave completely happy with the food and service.  A real winner.
4	Authentic, and fancy is a rare mix.Often if I want a authentic meal it means finding that hold in the wall spot, conversely if I ant a fine dining experience it means sacrificing some character in my food. Satara is an exception to thisI went in today for a late lunch with some co workers, it was after the rush so there was no wait for a table. Inside you are greeted by a water wall, and a series of private wine lockers for the regulars.Their lunch menu is quite extensive covering the usual curry and noddle dish plus many Chinese inspired offerings. I decided to go with the green curry, one of my usual favorites. A nice tough is the option of soft or crispy tofu. As usual I got it Thai Hot.Not too long after ordering my food arrived, with the curry on one dish, and a dome  of rice on the other. My curry was quite rich using a very fine coconut milk. The green bean were crisp and fresh and the crispy tofu was just that and delicious. I did enjoy the array of vegetables, and the lunch potion was quite large. One thing I did notice was the rice seemed a bit soft and sticky for Thai food, I typically expect a longer grain rice like basmati . The over all spiciness of the dish was on the lower end of the Thai Hot spectrum, but they will gladly bring out more spice if you desire.I also enjoyed the cucumber water served in a very unique crescent glass. If you happen to be in the far NW valley and would like a fine Thai dining experience give this place a try.
4	We are in this area quite often and it was lunch time. We was a little early for the lunch crowd and was seated quickly. The decor is pleasing not  dressy. There are wine lockers when you come in with dinners names on them. We was seated by a window that opened to a courtyard. There were birds bathing in a bath. We enjoyed watching them come and go. We both ordered salads. I got the Satsay Salad and a Thai tea. The salad was excellent. I would definitely recommend. I am not a big eater and this salad easily made a full meat for me. I will definitely come back and try some of their other food. While the staff was friendly and the servfice was good, they were a little stuffy.
2	Where's the thai?The odor that greeted us at the door was fair warning which went unheeded, (it's no one's problem to discuss when it comes to sewage,) followed by a lengthy lonely lobby wait for anyone to notice and seat us.Phoenicians have put their stamp on the place, with the spice rubbed out and a load of sugar added. Throw in one sad waitress and one sad maitre'd, and I think you've got the gist.I've given it 2 stars because some poor soul poured some money into this establishment.
1	I have definitely experienced better. The service is VERY slow. After realizing the inside dining room was small and stuffy, I asked to sit outside. Despite the server only having 1 table with 2 people, it took 10 minutes for someone to locate me outside, and prior to that they didn't even offer us drinks. The dining experience outside was nice, however the service continued to be very slow. Once we received the food (which we ordered medium hot), it was too spicy to eat. Instead of sending the food back, we got it in a to go box. Only go here if you're willing to take 2 hours for a meal.
5	I've been to Satara Thai quite a few times now....I've always had exceptional service and divine food!  I do NOT like hot spice so I always order NO SPICE.....today was simply perfect.  We took our nine year old daughter for her first Thai food experience.  She really enjoyed it.  We got several things to share..starting with the lettuce wraps, these are served with mango and a pork ginger filling.  Tasty!  Then I got an order of Pad Woon Seen-Crystal noodles with chicken, carrots and a million other delightful things!  Always yummy.  We also got a curry: Gaeng Galee, yellow curry with coconut milk, carrots, potatoes and chicken.  Score!  OMG, I love this dish!The hubby got Black Pepper beef which had lots of pepper, mushrooms and garlic.  He got his with some spice but I could handle it!  My daughter tried everything and I think we have a new Thai lover!  The restaurant is very nicely appointed and I love the waterfall feature, but it always makes me have to go visit the equally nice restroom!  I really like this restaurant and recommend it to everyone.
4	My favorite Thai restaurant.  I get their pad Thai noodles and ginger chicken.  They will modify their entrees or make substitutions.  The have this coconut mango ice cream dessert that was surprisingly great because I usually dont like coconut anything.  My girlfriend and I go to Satara about twice a month whenever we're in the mood for Asian food. You can even split the dish for two and just get an appetizer and keep your bill under $30.
5	This place was awesome!!  Took my lady to Satara for our 2 year anny.  VERY ROMANTIC!  Tons of wine to choose from, we are more lovers of beer, which they had a great selection of as well. Food was fantastic.  scenery was nice. Water wall is a very nice touch. And i almost forgot, my new favorite thing : cucumber slices in the ice water!!! great idea!  Wanna make her happy???   Make a reservation to Satara!
3	The food was good, I had the Curry and my date had the Fried Rice dish. I honestly liked the Fried Rice dish better then my curry, but none the less they both were delicious. Pricing was not that bad, but if you are dating on a budget, this is probably not the place for you. We had two dishes and two glasses of wine and the total came out to be $49.00 with tip.Overall, it was a good place for Thai food, especially in the Peoria Glendale ares..
5	By far the best Thai in Arizona! Jon Graham and his staff at Satara Thai know how to deliver great food, ambiance, and service. Down to the sliced cucumber in my water to the spice that was just right on my pad Thai chicken dish... this place rocks!
4	Had lunch here today with my husband, we ordered the veggie spring rolls with the sweet chili and plum sauce, very tasty. The restaurant itself is interesting, abit dark. The waitress was very nice, and our food came quite quickly. We ordered chicken phad thai to share, mild spiciness, extra peanuts. I was alittle disappointed at the lack of spice, but all in all, the dish was really good. We asked for some red chilis and added some spice to the dish ourselves. Very yummy. I am from the Seattle area originally, so I know good Thai food. This has been my best experience so far, and I've tried a few places looking for great phad Thai. I'd come here again, but I have faith that I can find better :)
5	Great Thai food. Best I have had in the Phoenix area.
5	I'm so surprised that there aren't more 4 and 5 star reviews for this place.  I'd been wanting to try this place out for a while and finally made it here a few nights ago with a couple of friends.  For Thai, in Phoenix...on the west side, none the less, this place couldn't get any better.  The restaurant is beautiful, intimate, clean and decorated very nicely.  They even have wine lockers, which I've never seen at any Asian restaurants.  Finally, there is a restaurant on the west side that isn't dripping with corporate ooze, yet offers a menu that is authentic and fresh.We started with two appetizers; the crab rolls and spring rolls.  The orders were huge for starters!  The main entrees were great.  I ordered the Panang Curry and it was delicious and plenty.  Everyone with me loved their food.  The drinks were good too!  Their pear sake is delicious.Spencer, our waiter, was very attentive and nice.   My friends and I had a great experience.  I will definitely go back.
1	Four of us (two being elderly ladies) decided to try Satara for lunch as we are huge fans of Thai cuisine having experienced it many times in restaurants as well as prepared by native Thai family friends.  We ordered the vegetable spring rolls with the sweet chili and plum sauces which were pretty tasty"family style" and we were informed that the meals were "on a plate".  We ordered per person according to this info and requested "medium" spicing.  Imagine our total surprise when we are brought 4 large plates of food...enough to feed a small army. Oh well, leftovers for the evening.  The real shock was to come when we tasted the food that was too spicy/hot to consume.  When I expressed my concern to the waitress I was informed that "real Thai food" is hotter than "American Thai food". WTH?!!?  I think if that is the case in this particular establishment then patrons should be made aware of this when they are asked, "How spicy would you like this?" When I expressed this to our waitress I was given a blank look.   The waitress said she could take our food  the kitchen to be "redone" and we requested that it be packed to go.  BTW...no adjustment to our bill was offered.Second shock of the day was when we decided to have  "redone" leftovers for dinner and we find a strand of long, dark straight hair in our food!!!  Will we return to Satara? NEVER!!  Will we recommend Satara as a place to visit?  NEVER!  My advice is to read all of the reviews and go at your own risk.  I wish I had checked this place out before spending my time and money on such a disappointing meal.  Unfortunately we left hungry and over spiced.
5	Well I have been to Line Thai in Surprise a handful of times and have been ordering my food there Thai Hot (Super SPICY!).  Having said that, my best friend was in town and we checked this place out.  We ordered Thai Hot and it was a whole nother story!  I mean we were sweating profusely by the time we took three bites of one dish.  and we still had two more coming.  the mixed drinks weren't helping either, but they were soooo good.  elegant and simple!  but next time we both agreed to ordered at a number 5 just so we could actually taste the food.  Luckily, our waitress noticed how bad we were handling it and brought us two Thai Ice Teas on the house.  Just lovely.I'm taking my girl here for Valentines.  I can't wait!!!!!!!!  For the quality and portion of food, the price is perfect.
5	Great food. But I usually get here to late to eat. I come here because on all of my travels. "250 plus days a year for 15 years and a lot of restaurants/lounges" this is my favorite lounge. Very cool atmosphere. Incredible service. Great music. Awesome drinks. Love this place.
5	This restaurant is very classy and has the most delicious curry!!  I went for a friend's birthday and they provided excellent service to our party of 20.  Just beware of the heat scale - it might be hotter than you think!
3	1/2 price wines on Sunday... which is awesome. Went here for a birthday party and received great service. Our party kept trickling in and the staff did a great job with serving all 16 of us at the same time.Even the owner came through the party room and poured our water and made sure everything was "okay."My food was good... but not outstanding or amazing. They also kept bragging on how spicy their food was but no one's food seemed to live up to this claim.  Their mini egg rolls were super delicious though.Our actual waiter was kind of a douchie, cheese bag.
5	My Husband and I have eaten in house and have ordered take out from Satara and have always been more than pleased. We were very excited when we found Satara as most of the Thai food we had eaten in the valley was subpar. Finally! A great Thai restaurant! The other night we ordered take out and when I took my first bite I found that my mild was extreamly hot and inedible. I called the restaurant and asked to speak to the manager. The owner John took my call and without hesitation he offered to have my dish remade in mild as I had originally requested and to bring the corrected dish to our home. Wow! Talk about customer service! John was at our home with the corrected dish within half an hour of my phone call. Not only does Satara have the best Thai food in the valley they also have the best customer service! We will be patrons for life!
5	Ditto to Elmer from San Diego's visit on 3/21... :)  I am very picky when it comes to thai food.. these guys are the real deal and as Elmer stated, "in the valley of the sun where mediocre and chain restaurants hail supreme..." he's right, I moved here from NJ where most restaurants are owned individually.. but he's right on with this place.. good, tasty food with this kind of flavor takes time..  This is problably one of the only restaurants who can make the food authentically thai spicy... I drive 25 miles from my house at least twice a month to get this food and I always order too much so I'll have leftovers.  All the curries are thick (not watered down) and so tasty!  I would definitely recommend getting the Tom Kha soup (cocunt soup) and eat it with some steamed rice... it's the bomb!  I don't know how this place averages only 4 stars... there are obviously people who don' t know what good thai food is about!  Oh and not that this part matters as much to me, but it is very beautiful, clean, and the service is good too.. (added bonus) :)  Happy eating!
5	I love Satara. Not only is the food very well done but you can typically pick up restaurant.com coupons for the place. We've been several times for lunch and the atmosphere is typically quiet and the service is prompt. I've had thai food from various places in the States and in India and the curries at Satara are as good as any. Just writing this review is reminding me that we need to visit Satara again sometime soon!
3	I have been to this restaurant 3 times now. The food is always great. I love the three different types of curry they have and if you order seafood you get plenty of it. I swear if I wasn't with company, I would drink it right from the bowl. The service staff seems confused and ordering drinks and wine is usually too much for the staff to handle. But when the food comes you forget about the staff and enjoy. It's moderately priced and they have outdoor seating in the back patio. It's a nice place and the food will have you going back for more. I give Satara a good solid 7 out of 10.
3	It was alright. I didnt want something to hot so I ordered my dish mild. Their mild is pretty hot. Good food... Cool building.
4	Very good Thai food.  We had 2 curry dishes and 1 Thai Fried Rice dish.....oddly enough the Thai Fried Rice was a real kick in the Jimmy as it was D-licious!!!  Great place with o.k. wait staff.
5	Stelllar.  Took it to go.  Nothing short of brilliant.
4	Nice contemporary atmosphere. Nice bar area. Large wine list. Excellent food. Best pad see eew I've had. Do not miss Half price wine on sundays. Friendly staff. Definitely a treasure in the heart of chain restaurants!
5	This food is great. As an appetizer try the green mussels with Thai herbs and spicy lime dressing, Follow that up with the Tom Yaam Talay (hot and sour soup with mushrooms, lime, galangal, lemongrass, herbs, jumbo prawn, scallop, calamari, salmon and mussels) or the amazing chicken panang. The atmosphere in the bar is great. Enjoy a glass of wine or Basil Hayden's, sit back and enjoy some live music. If you like Thai food, all in all you'll find Satara a good evening with great food.
4	A gem on the west side.  I LOVE this place!  Great vibe and good ambiance.  Oh...and the food is fantastic!  Be careful though...it's got some heat.
4	It's gratifying to find a Thai restaurant and Thai chef in Peoria!In going to search for housing in Tempe, I made the drive out to Sun City West to visit friends...and we got to discussing our dinner options.  Thai came up and out comes the Yelp Mobile App...where we found Satara 2 1/2 miles from home.  7 PM on a Tuesday, we had no idea if we would arrive to a packed restaurant or if there would be seats available.We made the run to the restaurant to see one other car in the parking lot.  As I was reminded, folks in Arizona seem to eat early dinner, about 4:30 PM or late, 8-8:30 PM, so we all figured the restaurant would be relaxed.  On entering, we saw one other table seated.  The hostess took us immediately to our table, provided us menus and asked our beverage choice.  We all enjoyed water.  On perusing the menu, we decided on appetizers, specifically Satay, grilled chicken skewers with house peanut and "ajad" cucumber sauce, Popiea Tod, which are vegetable spring rolls with sweet chili and plum sauce, and last, Poo Tod Ho Cheese, real crab and cheese won tons with plum sauce.  Our waiter came to ask if we were ready, so we ordered the appetizers and advised we would be ready with entree choices in a few moments.  My dining companions asked my impression of the choices on the menu, and then decided.  One ordered Nuea Pad Prik Gaeng Daeng (The herb garden), stir-fried beef with a house blend of Thai herbs, red curry, bell peppers, onions and green beans.  My second companion ordered Googn Op Woon Seen, jumbo prawns with crystal noodles in roasted garlic ginger broth, served with Thai chili lime dipping sauce.  As always, when I am trying a Thai restaurant for the first time, I ordered Som Tom, green papaya salad with tomato, carrots and roasted peanuts.  The offering here also had a jumbo prawn and green beans, but I requested those be left off.  As always, I ordered the salad at 10 spicy.  The waiter asked if I was sure I wanted my salad the hottest it could be made...and I advised I did.  In my reality, 5 spicy makes my nose run, 8 makes my forehead sweat and 10 brings tears to my eyes.  I added a side of steamed rice.  On previous trips to Thailand, I came to accept that a true dinner service should take between 1 and 2 hours, first for the variety of dishes and second because the meal is a social situation to be shared by all.  The longer dinner service is generally found in most Thai households, while Thai restaurant dinner service is generally the shorter service.  Here in the US, Satara is the first restaurant I have experienced that follows the more gradual dinner service.Our appetizers were brought out one at a time, with the Satay first.  The chicken was grill led on skewers, in a marinade that was sweet and redolent with ginger.  Peanut sauce was a nice compliment, not too thick and not too sticky.  The ajad cucumber sauce did not really strike my taste, but my companions were very pleased with the sauce.As we finished the last bites of chicken, our waiter came out with Popiea Tod, the vegetable spring rolls with sweet chili and plum sauce.  The wrapper on the spring rolls was very thin.  Inside, cabbage, carrots, glass noodles, rice, garlic and pickled ginger were all evident.  These appeared to be prepared on site and to order, not prepared earlier in the day and stored in the refrigerator.  The sauces made for incredible accompaniment to the rolls.As we finished our spring rolls, our waiter came out with Poo Tod Ho Cheese, real crab and cheese won tons with plum sauce.  Crab is not something that I enjoy, but to be social, I took a won ton.  My companions were quite impressed with the combination of crab and cheese, and delighted with the plum sauce.  So our first 40 minutes was ordering and then enjoying appetizers.  The Nuea Pad Prik Gaeng Daeng was impressive.  The beef had been stir-fried wonderfully.  It was tender and flavorful, with basil, kaffir lime leaves, shallots, garlic and lemongrass, we suspected, as the Thai herbs.  Red curry, bell peppers, onions and green beans were subtle additions that really brought out the flavors of the herbs.Googn Op Woon Seen tasted very good as well.  As I am not into jumbo prawns, I did not miss them.  The crystal noodles were well prepared, with the garlic and ginger notes in the broth wonderfully prominent.  The Thai chili lime sauce was a tribute to the wonderfully seductive nature of sweet Thai chili and lime juice.The Som Tom I was served was a respectably sized portion, about 1 1/2 cups.  On first taste, it hit the 5 spicy spot.  I asked the waiter for more chili and lime, which were provided.  On doctoring the salad, I was only able to achieve 8 hot.  Rice, about 2 cups, was light and fluffy, a great accompaniment to the salad.I will certainly enjoy Satara, especially now that I am relocating to Tempe!
5	stopped in at happy hour for some edamame and cold beer. the wife wanted those god awful lettuce wraps across the street at pf changs, so i popped in to my favorite thai restaurant on the west side!! had a brew, some edamame and met the owner; jon i believe, and he was gracious and very pleasant. in fact, the bar had some apparent regulars; a local football coach i believe, and jon bought the bar a round and we hearily toasted to the upcoming football season. to say we laughed like hyenas is an understatement!! the bride came back over at this time. disgusted by the aforementioned lettuce wraps(told her so!) and enjoyed an authentic thai noodle dish prepared by jon's chef wife sarusha!! she will never go back to changs again!! haha, try satara the best thai wine restaurant east of hua hin!!
3	My friends and I came here for a friend's birthday.  There are a few ups and downs of this restaurant. Let me start off with the downers....I understand that they have a lot customers there especially on a Saturday night, but it only took me 30 mins to get a glass of water.  On top of that, when our waitress brought out our food, she hit my face with her tray and she didn't even realize it!  I guess she was too occupied to notice that her tray actually hit a customer.  What the heck?!?!?  My wait for my glass of water was pretty long to begin with....our food took EVEN longer than that.  I don't mind waiting but then there were other people who came in way after and received their dishes before us!  And our party was not that big either.  I think we just had a really bad waitress.Now, for the good ones.  I love the look of the restaurant itself.  When I first arrived, I walked through the wrong door and went straight into the bar.  I was a bit confused...but then came to realization that I was at the bar.  So I left.  AWKWARD TURTLE MOMENT!! But it was all good.  The food was pretty good.  Better than expected.  I ordered the Bangkok Broccoli Beef.  It was a perfect size of serving with white rice.  They refilled my water quite promptly. Just getting the water at the beginning took a long time.  If you're a Moscato kind of person, you should get the Negri Moscato.  That was amazing, quite expensive, but a good one.
5	I came to Satara with low expectations because it's in the middle of a lot of crappy chain restaurants, and it's in Peoria.  Never judge a book by what suburb it's located in, or how close it might be to the Cheesecake Factory.  This is the second-best Thai food I've had, and because my #1 is so good, I almost never eat at Thai restaurants anymore because I'm so consistently disappointed.  Satara really raises the bar, and in so many ways.  A Thai restaurant with a great wine list?  Fantastic, and why not?  And when I say second-best, it's like saying Kobe Bryant is the second-best basketball player ever, not a knock on the restaurant.  I look forward to many extraordinary visits to Satara.
3	3.5 stars, but there's no option for that, so we defer to the lower star because of the horrendous service we continually receive here. Why do we keep going, than?THE FOOD.We've been here twice for lunch. They have one person in the dining room for lunch. It seems as though there is one person in the entire restaurant during lunch, really. One person for 48 seats. It seems as though the server has the attitude that they're already buried before the first table gets sat. I can go on about the service, but I'll summarize with sucks, terrible, slow, and disinterested.This is another restaurant that has a chronic fly issue. Not sure what it is these days with the flys in various eateries around town. Sorta gross. I'll get to the good part now. The food is AH-MAY-ZING. Hot is hot enough, mild is mild enough, and good is great. When going for Thai, if you're not going for curry, you're missing something. Huge fan of the red curry. We like the Pad Thai with chicken better than with shrimp. The fried rice is very good, also. The food is easily a 5. The service is a 2.5, and that's generous. Just expect to have horrendous service, and anything better is a great day.
4	The food we shared was INSANELY Good and Delicious but we had to make a phone call from the hostess desk to get seated after waiting for quite some time , but once we got seated SERVICE WAS VERY GOOD .We shared the Summer Salad , and this was one of the most delicious salads I ever tasted . The unique taste of toasted coconut , fried shallots , fruit with that special secret dressing that was so light but sort of sweet and tasty then leaving  a spicy but not too spicy heat in the back of your mouth was wonderful and multi dimensional .I never had Pad Gra Paow ( their spelling ) before so I can't compare this dish to other places but at Satara this was OUTSTANDING , the sauce was so CRAZY GOOD you could pour it on anything and it would be devoured . We ordered the Pad Gra Paow with chicken that was also delicious white meat that was a good ratio to the vegetables .Dishes that I tried here were all very good to Great , plates can be shared ,  on Sundays bottles of wine are half price . 4-5 starsslight update 1-1-12retried the Pad Gra Paow, it differed and wasn't as wonderful but still good. 3-5 stars.UPDATE- They've changed ownership since my review.
5	By far the best Thai I have ever had. The only problem in the past has been the service. IT has always been slow but today the service was much better thanks to a server named Amanda. My grandaughter and I had the pineapple curry and it was INCREDIBLE!!!  We will be back. I just hope and pray the service stays good because with the quality of the food they would easily be the best thai place in Arizona.
5	I was amazed at this place.  It's just gorgeous inside and the way the servers are dressed and the hostess... the black walls making it very trendy with the art on the walls and the fountains.I almost felt under dressed and I was in heels with my jeans and nice top.  Most people were dressed the same tho, but with the decor, I felt I should have been wearing a skirt with heels.It can be very family style if you wish, or you can get your own plate.The servers are very pleasant and the manager even came by and let us know it was a little warm in there because one of their a/c's had gone out that day and was in the process of being repaired.  I was glad he mentioned that.Food... EXCELLENT.  Get the curries... it's amazing.A very nice touch was the cucumber in the water.  Makes your already clean water seem very crisp and cool.
5	The ambience gives it the 5th star. The wine selection is great though the waitress admitted not knowing anything about wine.The mussels are a great way to start and the Thai ice cream is a great way to end. They moved the guitar player to the bar but I wish they hadn't. She adds to the upscale Thai feel. The curry is super spicy so beware. I usually order medium but it was too much for me to handle. The portions are huge and all entrees have been delicious. Ask the server for suggestions.
5	We had a phenomenal, enjoyable meal at Satara tonight. The Panang curry stix and lemongrass chicken rolls were magnificent.  These are new appetizers since we were in last and certainly good additions.  The sea bass was delightful as always--the light, crunchy breading is perfect with the light texture of the fish.  I would be remiss not to mention the blueberry infused vodka martini--where do they get such a great selection of fine alcohol.
5	I love this place! The number one reason to eat here is the food, it is authentic and delicious.
5	We stopped for lunch on a Friday afternoon and had the place to ourselves.  No complaints about the service at all.  My Tom Kha soup was hands-down the BEST I've ever had.  The perfect combination of flavors, with a good amount of heat (I ordered medium spicy, which was fabulous, but probably a bit much for most others.) balanced with plenty of lime and cilantro.  I'm looking forward to repeat visits!
4	Noticeable improvement in the service with our lunchtime visit, yesterday. Food continues to be exceptional.
3	I have been craving Thai food. I also wanted to dress up and have a nice dinner with my husband and New Years.Enter Satara.We had driven by it a few times.  Seen it while frequenting The Moon, a bar that shares its parking lot.  The outside is eye catching.  I like wine, and I like Thai, so I checked out the reviews.  Not bad, I was interested.  The interior was nice.  It is casual, but if you feel like getting a little dressy because you are going out after you wont feel out of place.  I really like the crab wontons.  My husband liked them, but says they are nothing too special.We shared a bottle of wine, it was one of their cheaper selections, but still very good. Our server was helpful in this choice as well as our entree orders.We had pad Thai, good, but again we could get the same quality for less.  And the goong op wong seen, something we haven't had before that was really delicious.Most of the gripes on here are about the spice level.  I love spice.  I want it to kick me right in the face, I want my tongue to go numb and my eyes to water.  But, since I have never been here before, and since my husband also likes spice but wants to taste his food, we went medium.  The medium was perfect for us.  Spicy, eye watering spice, but still very tasty.  So if you don't like kick, got mild, or to Pei Wei.  My gripe is the lack of water refills.  About halfway through our meal they stopped. In the end I kinda feel like..... hmm....You know those movies where high school boy becomes obsessed with super popular high school girl. He soon forgets all about simple plain Jane high school girl who is a friend, and spends all his time chasing after popular high school girl?Satara was kind of like this.  It wasn't completely empty and vapid like popular high school girl from that movie.  You get what you expect, she looks nice to show off to your friends great for prom, but really you could get the same from plain Jane Thai food place down the street for a lot less.
4	Good food, good service, large portions, nice ambience. This restaurant was featured on Good morning Arizona (channel 3) on a Sunday and then I looked up Yelp. All your reviews were so stellar, that I decided to take my family today for a special celebration on my *** *** :) Not saying what, but we were celebrating nonetheless! I even picked menu items from the reviews on yelp. Thanks fellow yelpers! The spring rolls were yummy and the plum & honey sauces that go with it were so delicious. I had the deep fried white fish from the specials, my memories of fried catfish from Bangkok still fresh in my culinary memory. I was not disappointed, except it was a little spicy (I had medium spice). My daughter had the prawn pad thai - tasty but too spicy at medium. My husband & son had mild fried rice Talay and chicken pad woon sun. They loved it. I am big fan of Thai food and it was great! Oh & I had the Lemongrass martini - thanks to a yelper! It was good, with a smooth leechi tang to it. Will go again!
4	Have been eating at Satara since they opened. They have come a long way and are now regularly crowded.I love Thai so much I cook it 2 or 3 times a week, so I'm a bit more than a casual fan. Satara started out with food that was way too hot, the portions were on the small side and appetizers were too expensive to really be able to sample some things before dinner. When you'd question that you ordered your food medium hot, they'd smile and tell you how authentic it was. I really like hot food, and it was often over the top.They now spice with more of an American sensibility. Portions are considerably larger and it's reasonable to have an appetizer or two. With how inexpensive vegetables are, it doesn't make sense to send people home without leftovers, especially if they've ordered and appetizer or two. Satara's ingredients have always been spot on, fresh and authentic. I don't recall ever seeing jalapenos in a dish, like too many area Thai restaurants. The beer and wine selection are awesome. I'm really happy how crowded they are lately, i hope they hang around for a long time.
4	I had a yummy lunch here today. I am trying to watch my calories, so I asked our (very akward) server what would be a little healthier, and he said the spring rolls, I assumed they were not deep fried, but they were, so I just had to enjoy less. I really enjoyed them! I also ordered the summer salad! WOW it was amazing! Sweet and oniony. Even though I couldn't fool my stomach ( I was still hungry ) I fooled my taste buds and felt very fulfilled.  Two small spring rolls, a small salad was not filling (still 600 cals) but I was more than happy with my lunch cuz it was good! Very good. The hubby ordered fried rice, it wasn't bad, but line thai blows it out of the water! Line thai fried rice is much better.
1	I am so confused. Rave reviews for this place...how is this possible? The food is decent...i have had far better in less pretty places. The service is strange. We were sat before another couple who came in before us. When I asked for a bar menu, I was looked at with disdain and told they have liquor. The busboy tried to take my plate as I was still eating our appetizer. We had to ask 4 different people to get serving spoons. They serve curry in a GIANT bowl...I do not know why anyone looked so shocked we would ask for a spoon. We got 4 different spoons, ranging from ladel to sugar spoon.There was a whopping 4 shrimp in pur phucket shrimp and the veggies in the curry were closer to raw than cooked. The flavor in the phucket shrimp was salt and more salt. Our pork appetizer came with a dipping sauce of....Siracha. That is it. A bowl of Siracha. The meat was not tender and hard to eat. Maybe because this is Peoria, people do not have a clue? You would be better served at the very unglamorous Line Thai down the street. I won't come back. Even if it is free.
1	My friend and I went here this past Saturday night at around 6:45 p.m.  We were seated right away, but we're not acknowledged for approx 10-12 minutes after that.  When we were acknowledged, our waiter came to the talbe and said "Are you ready to order?".  We ordered a bottle of wine and food.  He had to look at the menu to see what wine it was that we were ordering, as you could clearly see that he wasn't familiar with the wine list.  He left the table without another word. We sat there for approximately another 10-12 minutes, during which time a man, who looked like he could be the manager, walked by our table and looked at us several times.  After about 10-12 more minutes, the waiter dropped off 2 wine glasses at our talbe and set them down, without saying a word.  We waited another 5 minutes or so then got up and left.  On  our way out, the man whom  we assumed was the manager stopped my friend and asked if there was a problem, she told him we'd been waiting for a half an hour and we were going to go someplace else. He said something like "Let me get your waiter for you."  My friend again told him that we were just going to go somplace else.  I read another review about this restaurant and the  person said that the service was "strange".  That is exactly what it was. I don't know if I would ever give this restaurant a second chance so that I could try the food, which smelled yummy, because the service was so very bad.
5	Enjoyed dinner with friends this evening.  We order 3 entrees for 4 of us and had plenty to take some home.We sat out on the patio and really enjoyed the evening.  Everyone else was inside so we had it all to ourselves.Our waiter Fonz was the best!  He definitely made the evening =)
1	I would give them negative stars if I could.Where to begin. I went in and not only had the worst and slowest service of my life but the food was absolutely terrible. To make matters worse, I contracted food poisoning that lasted for 48 hours almost immediately after. I will never return to this place and will tell everyone I know not to give these crooks a dime.HAH! Serves you right for getting shut down. Bitches.
4	Love the vibe of the place.  The owner is awesome, as is the bartender.  Food is great but here is where the star comes out.  I've been here twice, and both times they managed to mess up the same dish that I've ordered.  (I ordered it again because it was still good)...nonetheless the first time (it was some seafood noodle dish with thai basil)...the calamari still had the cartilage part inside of the squid which I mentioned.  The second time i came there, there was no calamari at all, nor was there any thai basil (which is what made the dish what it's supposed to be).Either way, they were more than happy to accomodate me, and I think I'd still come back.Their thai tea is amazing!
3	The food was good, but the service was poor the night I went.My sister and I came here during spring training for dinner. We called to ask if they had a table for 2, they said they did so we put our name down and came in 10 minutes later only to be met with very confused look about our 'reservation'. Apparently they didn't have our names down, nor could they seat us. There were so many tables open, but they were apparently short staffed and couldn't seat anyone. Our options were to wait at the bar (also full... so we'd have to stand) or sit in the waiting area where they had 2 chairs. My sister had a good point-- why couldn't they just let us sit at the table and wait?? We understood that a waiter couldn't server us right away, but we could've at least been seated. Literally 2/3 of the tables at the restaurant were open.So we got off to a bad start, but once seated (30-40 min later) we ordered right away and food came out relatively fast. We shared eggplant tofu dish and tom yum soup, both huge! I thought both dishes were good and our waiter was friendly. I thought this restaurant could've been better had they not been so disorganized.
4	This review is more about the food only! My husband asked me to pick up some thai food on the way home and Satara is one of the few places on the far northwest side of town. It's been a few years since we've been to Satara, so I was curious how it'd be when we took out food tonight and it was sooo- good!I ordered the Mussamun Curry with beef for my husband and I always have been a fan of the Yellow Curry with chicken. In the past, the curries here have been on the thinner side, but tonight, the curries were actually thicker-  more what I'm used to eating. You really cannot go wrong with these two type of curries (they are a couple of the most common curry types) at any thai restaurant, but it was especially good tonight!! Even with my yellow curry mild, it still had just the right amount of spice, and usually if you order it with chicken, it's usually on the tougher, overcooked side. Tonight, I was impressed that the chicken was tender and full of flavor. Since my husband loves extra spicy, I asked the waitress on the phone when ordering to make that Mussamun Curry as spicy as they can get it. My husband is the type to enter spicy food eating contests, and he was satisfied with "thai spicy," Satara's version of spiciest. I'm not sure if the food is always like it was tonight, but because the food impressed us tonight, I know he and I will return soon to see if the food really has improved this much!
1	**Grouponers** dont buy one or get your money back asap. not worth it. the food is good but service is horrible, not because you have a groupon but because management doesnt know a thingthe food endline was delicious.....the service, horrible!!! worst i ever had in my life. The owner (STEVE) mentioned to another table they had just bought the restaurant a month ago(but dont worry they still have the same chef) and they were transitioning and getting drink menus blah blah blah. We came in a little after 4pm on a tuesday. There was two tables seated. and nobody to acknowledge we were standing in the front waiting to be seated. finally a man saw us and had us sit down after about 7 mins. gave us our menus and thats it. 5 minutes later another waiter comes in and serves us water. about 10 minutes later steve(the owner) comes and if we wanted drinks. we said no but wanted to order our food. i ordered the yellow curry with seafood mix and my wife the pad thai with the deep fried pork appetizer. 25 minutes later nothing. finally steve comes out stating the system was down and he was just putting in the orders....he wrote it down why not manually tell the cooks about the food right. well we waited a little longer and the appetizer came out. it was really good plus an extra appetizer of spring rolls on the house all good.it took quite another while and finally got our food at about 5:20 pm. well my wife did they forgot about mine. they later brought it with no spice at all. they brought on the side but not spicy. i gotta be honest the food was fantastic but the service horrible. they gave us free appetizer and 15% off our bill but didnt make up for the horrible wait time. another table left after just getting water because no body acknowledge them after that or told them anything. i felt bad for them.endline:we had 2 hours in the restaurant with headaches at the end. food was good but not worth the wait.
3	First let me say I have never had Thai food before.  I went to this restaurant with my husband, 3 year old twins and my 5 year old.  We all liked it.  The kids had noodles with broccoli and carrots.  It was really to sweet for me, but if you added the spice it may balance out.  My husband and I had a noodle salad and Phuket Shrimp with Asparagus.  Both were good.  It really was not that hot though... go hotter than you think with the spice.The service was slow and the restaurant did not plan for the rush they would get with all the "grouponers" though.  They were out of many things, which was annoying to me and people around me.  Also, if you are an iced tea person... don't do it.  It tastes like cardboard.  not good people.
2	Much Like Mateo S. a few comments below, we had a really bad experience. My gf and I have been here in the past, but this time it was bad. Let me start off by saying, I am not hard to please. I never order special dishes, I never ask for management or a meal comp or ANYTHING of the sort.The hostess didn't say a word when we walked up. She didn't greet us. She waitied for us to say how many we wanted a table for.  Then she asked if we wanted to sit in the bar while we waited, saying, it would be a 20 minute wait.This restaurant is not large by any means. One would think that you would know who would be waiting for a table. We each had a drink. They have a decent selection of beer, including one of my favorites, Arrogant Bastard.  The bartender was acting all crazy, slamming the fridge and moving all violently. It seemed that he did not want to be there, but was still polite to the patrons. Basically, I have seen other bartenders that would run circles around him in a place that is twice the size.After 30 minutes the hostess came into the bar, called my name, did not look up or wait for us to acknowledge her, and then ran out front. Because I had no time to pay the bar tab, I had to chase after her, and by the time I got to the hostess counter, she was already scratching my name off the list. Right before she scratched my name off the pad, she said " Well, scratch that one off the list" in a loud annoyed tone, when I immediately stated that she called me right afterwards.We were seated with no menus, and our silverware does not come with a knife. Our server was a very nice young man with good manners. He took a long time to come by and check on us periodically. We ordered an appetizer (Satay) and 2 entrees. Sweet and sour Shrimp, and Shrimp and Asparagus. The appetizer took almost 30 minutes to come out. The appetizer is 4 small pieces of chicken with side sauces. It should not take 30 minutes to deliver 4 small pieces of chicken. Right after the appetizer comes out, he mentions there is a problem in the kitchen and our entrees will be out in 10 minutes. He apologizes for the problem and offers us each a drink on the house. We get another beer, and my gf gets a martini. The food comes out 25 minutes after the fact. We ordered extra peanut sauce, but never got it. While eating, our server again apologizes and states we will be comped %20 off of our bill. My gf doesnt finish her food, and then it gets taken away to get boxed up. The bill comes with %20 off the bill.Now, we had a restaraunt.com voucher. (much like a Groupon), and you have to spend a certain amount of money in order to claim the voucher.  After the discount for the long wait, we met the criteria for minimum purchse. The bill came back with the %20 discount removed, but only the discount from our voucher added. So, technically they didn't give us a discount at all. After we signed our bill, we had to flag him down to ask him to bring us our to go food. He totally forgot. The new owner  came out and apologized to all the big tables. I heard him saying they sold 1500 vouchers in 2 days , and that he is still training his staff to get used to the high volume. He also gave them vouchers for next time. We were in there for 2 hours. I have never been in an establishment for 2 hours just to eat and GTFO. It gets 2 stars for 3 reasons. The free drinks, the attempt at giving us a discount, and the fact they have one of my fave beers on tap. I have been here in the past with no problems. I would give them ONE more chance.
3	Reading other reviews it seems we dodged a bullet by having a good experience here (no Groupon). If I could give half stars this would be a pretty solid 3.5 We hit this place on a whim last night and thought it was pretty good considering the general lack of decent Thai restaurants in the West Valley.We were seated pretty quickly for a Saturday night, and the waitstaff was attentive but a bit slow to come back and check on us. I could have done without the 80's style music but at least it wasn't so loud I couldn't hear myself think.We ordered the pad thai and an espresso martini. The pad thai was good, but admittedly it takes some work to screw that one up. I ordered mine mild which it was, but it was a bit sweet as well. Hubby got the chili paste on the side and said that it tasted like they made their own, which is a good sign. It wasn't garden-variety chili paste. The espresso martini tasted really good and wasn't overly strong. I'm not sure it was worth the $9 price tag though. If we go back again I'll definitely try one of the curries.
2	Terrible service.
3	The food was terrific. We both asked for Thai spicy and it was just right - lots of heat but still able to taste the wonderful flavors of the soup and noodle dishes we ordered. Both dishes were seafood based and didn't taste "fishy" at all. The thai basil and other herbal flavors came through loud and clear. The appetisers, half priced for happy hour, were very good. Everything came served with crispy shredded beets, which was pretty and surprisingly tasty.There's a couple of problems though:#1 The ambiance sucked. For starters, the dining room is tiny and there's only about a dozen tables - no booths. The tables are so close together that you have to whisper so the people at the tables beside you can't hear your conversation. Oddly, they seated everybody on one side of the restaurant instead of spreading the customers out. The furniture is cheap and ridiculously uncomfortable. The ANNOYING new-age/pop music seemed really innappropriate for an Asian restaurant, and took away from the atmosphere.#2 The server knew the menu well and made great recommendations. However, the servers didn't know that items we (and the next table over because we heard them) asked about on the menu weren't available until checking the kitchen. #3 The cutlery on the pre-set table was all water-stained and had a dirty appearance. I had to ask the waiter to replace my plate as it had a very large chip in it - unacceptable. Chopsticks were readily supplied upon request but were those cheap little paper-wrapped toothpick things that splinter in your mouth. A nice Thai restaurant should have real chopsticks. My husband had to put the shrimp tails from his soup on my plate because there were no other dishes on the table to put them on.Portions were adequate but not huge like you get at many other restaurants. Two appetisers and two of the most expensive menu items left the two of us satisfied but not stuffed. Two entrees, two appetisers, and two beers at happy hour came to $44 including tax but not gratuity.Food was wonderful, but not sure I'd go back, even though it was a great deal with the Groupon.
3	Really weird layout. I feel like this is one of those places that would be on the new "take over" shows like Ramsays kitchen nightmares (not that the food is bad) or bar rescue or something. We were put in a tiny room with 2 other tables that was completely disconnected from the rest of the restaurant. How about we redesign the menu to actually be helpful instead of wasting my time by reading stuff that makes no sense at all? I don't want to phonetically read every name of the dish in Thai. Cucumber in the water? Lemon was bad enough, just give me regular water! Jesus christ. We were told "all appetizers" are half off. Turns out, only about half of them are half off. Umm, ok? All in all, the food was fine.
4	Great meals,drinks and service in the bar. Happy hour until 7pm is a plus. We experienced none of the problems recently experienced by others, other than they were out of Corona beer. Nice change of pace from usual Westside restaurants and menus. Will return soon.
1	Will never come back again! And will tell my friends not to go either.  First of all, the wait is incredibly long.  We had to wait about 10-15 minutes when we first got in because there was no host/hostess at the front taking in guests.  Then we had to wait for a table to be cleaned and set up once the waitress realized there were people to wait on.  Next, the dining area is very small and dark.  The tables were small and it was hard to fit all our plates comfortably on the table.  They sat me by the water fountain and I swear, every 5 minutes a splash of water would land on me!  You can tell the walls and the floor have water damage too.  The thai food (we ordered pad thai and fried rice) were so-so.  Definitely not worth the price.  I'm used to delicious thai food in the $8 range and this place did not cut it.  The rice was dry and too plain and the pad thai sauce was too tamarind-y and sour.  They're also closed on Mondays.  If you have a groupon, make sure to ask your server if there are any exclusions...sadly the lunch express isn't included in the groupon.
1	This place sucks!!!! Total disappointment! I have moved here in Phoenix last year and I am still in search of the best thai place. Pei Wei has better pad thai.Service sucks. We came early Friday night (6pm) and the girl would not seat us at first because we need reservations. We agreed to seat outside but there are flys! They were late giving us water because hy ran out of glasses and not all seats were even taken.
2	Service at the bar, excelent! with that said unfortunately the food was not.  Stopped in for happy hour and decided to stay for dinner. We had apps. and one entree. The food for sure was sub par. We will not be going back.
2	We discovered this place from a Groupon deal my girlfriend saw. Even though the deal was gone we still wanted to try the restaurant out. I was very disappointed in the food. My gf said the restroom was dirty and the toilet did not work. I envision this is one of those restaurants you would see on the Food Network makeover shows. This place needs some serious help.The appetizer we ordered was the crab and cheese wontons, for $10. I immediately thought these were from a supermarket freezer. Only 5 were on the plate with a crappy lettuce and something garnish. Of course I always think a garnish is pretty ridiculous. I could have bought a better appetizer at Trader Joes for 4 bucks.For the meal, we ordered one Pad Thai for $14 and would split it. Again, disappointed. It was a very small portion, even for one person, and was something I could have bought in a box and plastic wrapping at WalMart for $2.88.  I'm happy to try new places, and glad to know which ones to never go back to. This one I will not return to.
3	Been here about 5 timed and I've enjoyed what I had each time. I'm not the most experienced with Thai food but I do know what good food is.lol. I can't even explain what I had here the last time. It was yellow curry with seafood. I know that the curry had pineapples it in. I really enjoyed it but then lasttime we came I remember the curry to be much thicker...this time is like soup and verry runny. Hmmmm...Def wasn't the best experience but I've had several great ones that I won't rate it too bad. Both my wife and I bought groupons for this so I'll give it more more try here shorty. Besides the runny curry the place is still nice and the service for us was great.
3	I had a Groupon for this place and was in the neighborhood last Thursday evening so we decided to check it out. We had been here once before over a year ago for a late dinner and drinks, and I recall that it was good then so I was looking forward to trying it out again. The host was a young man who seemed annoyed with his job. That was a bit off putting. We were seated in a room with only 4 other full tables and then waited a good 15 minutes before someone came by with water (delicious cucumber water). Our waitress did turn up shortly after and got our drink order and was very attentive from then on.The atmosphere here is a little strange, almost like it's a nightclub or something with dark walls and dim lighting. There was a stage outside in the back and I think a DJ was setting up as we were leaving.We tried the spring roll appetizer and while they were tasty, they were very tiny and you only get six. I would almost call them bite-sized. If you try them, get two orders for two people.My husband ordered the Gang Dang curry with chicken and it was superb! Highly recommend this dish. Do not, however, roll with their sweet and sour shrimp. It was like eating candy for dinner and seriously makes your teeth hurt...it's that sweet.Overall not a bad meal, and I will be back for their curry again someday, but I certainly did not walk out having fallen in love with Satara.
1	Never again!  We walked in at 4:30 on a Saturday afternoon.  The place was empty.  The parking lot was empty.  All fine and dandy since we were thinking an early dinner before catching a movie.  The hostess greeted us and then a server came out and pulled her aside.  "Tell them 15 minutes at least," we heard her say to the hostess.  They wouldn't even seat us for at least 15 minutes.  Seriously?  I won't waste my time setting foot in the place ever again.  Based on other reviews I've seen, I'm sure Satara won't be around long.  I guess the management/employees think it would be a great place to work if it wasn't for all us pesky potential customers.  In this economy, I have choices and expectations.  Satara failed miserably.
4	I came here on Saturday with my best friend.  We had a Groupon deal.We were greeted right away and seated immediately.The decor was pleasant enough, and our server (I didn't get her name) was REALLY good.  She took the time to explain the different dishes to us and helped me pick the right option.  They had a live guitarist who was quite good...she sang an assortment of popular songs to acoustic guitar.  We really enjoyed her music, her voice was soft and sweet, and it was mellow enough to enjoy and not have to shout at each other over the table.  We shared a chicken Satay as an appetizer, which was very yummy.  And for our main dishes and cocktails, my best friend LOVED her red curry, and her melon martini, and I really enjoyed my noodle dish with seafood and my alcoholic version of an Arnold Palmer cocktail.  The food was really, really delicious.  I'll go back FOR SURE.
2	If there is one phrase that describes this place, "tries too hard" comes to mind.Atmosphere-wise, Satara tries for an upscale exotic feel, wooden floors, dark-colored painted walls, dark paintings, wine racks, accent glass wall with water flowing down its surface, black linen tablecloth and black leather-like chairs. Every piece of tableware has an unique shape and style, the glasses are shaped like a cylinder melted so it leans in one direction, the bowls are square, the soup bowl is a cone cut at an angle, the plates are square, and hefty Oneida silverware. You would be troubled to find a classic, white, round plate or bowl in this place. Perhaps it is all this "uniqueness" that makes the place feel like it has no cohesiveness in style. It is like a Persian guy threw all his money buying the most expensive tableware and decorations he could find, you end up with the overall feeling that the place is gauche.Looking at the menu, Satara offers classic Thai style food, pad thai noodles, soup, fried rice, and curries. As I went with a group for dinner, we ended up ordering one item from each category. Presentation and portion sizes were very adequate. However, all food items were too salty, to the point that I was surprised that the food didn't crystallize in front of us. We had to send some food back for a redo, which ended up being less salty but instead too sweet, it was endurable though. The cook should really follow best practices and sample his dishes before sending it out for quality control.A restaurant is only as good as the food it serves, you can throw money into the most expensive furniture and decorations, but if your food is lacking, no one will want to eat there. The menu has promise, they just need to learn to use moderation in their food seasoning.
5	Maybe I was on too big of an endorphin run after rock climbing, but I loved this place! A little pricier than most Thai food restaurants, but it is also very delicious! The bf says 4 starts but I was thoroughly impressed. Loved the happy hour drinks and apps (caution, only some apps qualify) on a Saturday. Our party of four enjoyed chicken satay, pad sei ew, pad kee mao, panang curry with tofu and chicken. Loved the intense bold flavors of everything. Our friend has gone several times and said the chef was actually flown in from Thailand. The drinks were equally fabulous. We tried the espresso tini, cantaloupe tini (favorite), oat meal cookie tini, and Mai tai tini (strongest). Our waiter was so friendly and knowledgable. He was great about getting our friends orders in and our right away so they could leave 30 minutes from ordering (and still eat!). Warning: the peanut sauce is addictive and I had to spend all of my energy to avoid licking the bowl. I even tried to covertly eat the sauce straight! Yum!
2	Food was ok, didn't like the atmosphere. Chipped paint and the lamps had broken glass , menus were stained and dirty. won't go back.
1	I wish I could give them a 0! My husband & I arrived for our anniversary dinner. We've had the last 2 anniversary dinners here so were excited. We realized very quickly that Satara is under different ownership. We asked for the chicken satay.....and they didn't have any. We then went straight to our entrees. My husband ordered the beef & broccoli, which was ok, the broccoli was boiled and then stir fried. I ordered the spicy spaghetti noodles, but asked for them to be with the wide rice noodles. Well I received the spaghetti noodles, and not the wide rice noodles. I was about half way through the dish, and found a cracked piece of shell in my mouth. I showed it to the waiter and he apologized and stated it was a mussel shell. At this point I did not care what it was, I just know it should not have been in my dish. They refunded 10% of the price of the dish.....and offered to make it again for me. I passed as the flavors were not as good as before and I didn't trust them to eat another bite. We asked for the bill and left. My husband and I kept discussing how it was a real shame that the restaurant went downhill. We've always enjoyed going there in the past, and we will not be back.
3	Food was great, service, not so much. While waiting to be seated it took almost 10 minutes to get our drinks from the bar, which was not very busy. I did like our server he was freindly and welcoming but he was weeded the whole night, took forever to bring my bf a coke and the order was wrong and then 20 minutes for him to bring us the check once we were done w dinner.  We probably will come back during a slow night bc the food was great but might have to wait a while for the wait staff to figure things out
1	Just sat down at this fine establishment. Loved the ambiance. We are a group of strict vegetarians (no seafood or fish oil). Having a great time, until the waitress came back after about 30 minutes and told us that only 2-3 dishes could be made vegetarian AND the previous owner apparently 'LIED' to us (no joke, straight from the new owner's mouth). Bottom line, we won't be going back.
2	Visited this restaurant for the first time September 22, 2012 with a Groupon.  Got seated in the dining room about 8:15PM that was mostly empty.  Dining room appears drab because it's mostly bare walls. Get some pictures!  Ordered two glasses of wine. Wine came in unstemmed glass which I'm not fond of but the worse part was the amount of wine in the glass.  If there was 4 ounces, I'd be surprised and for $7 to $12 for chardonnay, it's a total rip!  Ordered two dinners. One came with rice and waitress asked if we'd like white or brown - we requested brown.  Dinners were ok - nothing fabulous and took way too long for the amount of people in the restaurant.  Ordered a key lime creme brulee and it was tasteless and grossly overpriced for $8.  When we got the tab, there was a $2 charge for brown rice which is pathetic when you spend $15 for an entree. Worse, the waitress never told us of the extra charge.  For almost a $60 tab before tip, definitely not worth it.  Much better food and prices around the arrowhead area.  We hear there are new owners of Satara - guys, you really need some impovement and if you keep the unstemmed glasses, please servve  a decent glass of wine.
2	I've always been a big fan of this place but I have to downgrade my review now. On our last visit a few nights ago, we were very disappointed in the new "appearance" of the place. One of the things we originally loved about Satara was that we could feel like we were going to a true upscale kind of place without making the treck to Scottsdale. We were sad to see that they've made a lot of bad changes recently...They've removed tables and chairs and replaced with booths in some sections. Low class! We also noticed a big huge TV screen on the outdoor patio that we faced, blasting football to all the diners who were eating outside. What the heck? I thought we had gone out for a nice upscale date night, but it turned into feeling like we were at any other run of the mill casual strip mall restuarants that choke the West Valley. We might as well have been eating at a Dennys or an Olive Garden. Service seems to have gone downhill along with the decor. We were seated for dinner (7pm) and given no wine menu. We had to ask our waitress to bring us one. We noticed that almost everyone else that was seated after us had the same thing happen and had to ask for the wine menu. We liked the food, but i'm a strict vegetarian/vegan and I forgot to ask for my dish without egg in it. A sign of a good establishment is when the waiter/waitress knowingly asks if you want egg or not in the dish, when they hear you are ordering vegetarian. Our waitress did not ask, and thus i got a dish with egg in it. Partly my fault of course, but i am used to being asked/reminded by the waiter/waitress. I also noticed they have removed any mention of accommodadting vegans from the menu.  Long story short, we made the 30 minute drive hoping to get what we had gotten in the past -- excellent professional service, an upscale/romantic environment and great food which we thought we could find nowhere else near our home. So much for that. We won't be back. If you are satisfied with mediocrity, then this place will work for you. Seems like the owners have had to "dumb down" the restaurant to appeal to more typical suburban Arizonans.
1	My husband and I purchased a groupon for Satara and were looking forward to a delicious Thai meal.  This eatery is on "Restaurant Row" in Peoria amidst a bunch of horrible chain establishments.....this should have been our first clue that  it would be less then authentic.  The glitzy restaurant sign says "Thai Cuisine and Wine Bar"..huh?...not a Thai concept at all, but a desperate attempt to fit in with the other gaudy places around it.  We were greeted after several minutes by a hostess that informed us we could be seated but "she was out of menus."  We were seated at a microscopic, rickety table that wobbled so badly the water glasses were sliding.  There was not a Thai face in the crowd, neither patrons or employees.  Another clinker.  We asked to be moved to a more suitable table and were seated in another room at a table that had incredibly high and uncomfortable chairs.  It was difficult to hoist my 60 year-old rear-end into the chair.  Unfortunately in this room the "entertainment" consisted of an ear-splitting Melissa Etheridge wannabe decked out in biker garb.  The decor was indescribable.   Dark, torn curtains held together with Scotch tape.  On the way to the rest room I saw a pail filled with foul smelling, murky Lysol and a filthy mop in plain view. We looked at the menu and immediately realized that there was nothing Thai on the menu and it appeared like a menu from Panda Express.  With much difficulty we chose a few items to order. The chicken wing appetizer was obviously frozen, slathered with a sickeningly sweet red sauce out of a jar.  The Garlic chicken entree was salty, slimy slop, grey in color with questionable chicken full of gristle, accompanied by Uncle Ben's instant rice and frozen tasteless Birds' Eye broccoli.   I ate very little and reluctantly took it home in a To Go box.  The next day I put a little of the chicken in my dog Max's bowl.  He took one whiff and seemed to try and move the bowl away with his paws.  I knew Mini-schnauzers were smart.
3	I visited Satara on a Thursday evening and there was a good amount of people in there. The waitress was friendly, and seated me promptly. My server Alfonso didn't waste anytime greeting me and was very attentive and helpful throughout the whole evening. He made conversation, cracked a few jokes, and knew when to  provide service or leave. Excellent customer service, ask for him if you can. We ordered the edamame for an appetizer, which they were out of so we ordered the pod tod wontons, which were decent (I'm not a fan of cream cheese). For the main entrees we ordered the gang keaw wan, and the cashew chicken. It took a little longer than it should have to come out, but our server was apologetic about it and got it to us as soon as he could. The portions were huge! The main entrees were served separate from the rice that came with it, which isn't an issue at all, but that just hi lights the size of the meal. Food was great, no complaints whatsoever. Why the 3 star rating? Well, this place changed owners not too long ago, and made some changes. The place used to be divided (by a wall with two separate doors) into a cigar bar, and the restaurant. Well they knocked down that wall, so the whole place is more open. I don't think you can smoke on that side anymore, but I could be mistaken. I really felt that one of the best things this place had going for it was the division of the two sides. It definitely made it more hip and trendy. So the bar area is the first thing you see as you walk in, and they had the game playing on two flat screens. It's confusing, because from the outside this place looks elegant, then you walk in and it looks like a sports bar, then you walk back to the eating area and its elegance again. Music. They played the radio, complete with the station drops and commercials. I thought that was VERY tacky. It doesn't take much to put a playlist on an MP3 player or even a damn cd. One of the owners (or possibly even a manager) was out talking with patrons and I commend that. It shows that you actually care about your customers. But dude had on a ratty tshirt and some jeans. At least show some professionalism and put something decent on. I don't want to be misunderstood, this is a cool place that I would probably visit again. The customer service from everyone was great. But they just have a few things that they need to fix.
4	When we lived in Peoria, we would go to Satara Thai about once a month. Personally, I think the food here is excellent. The service on the other hand, left a lot to be desired. Earlier this year, the management changed and we visited Satara a couple of times before we moved to Paradise Valley. I have to say that the service was greatly improved. Not dwelling on the past, I would definitely suggest Satara. The spring rolls are delightful and served with sweet chili and plum sauces that pair nicely with the delicate flavors of rice noodles and vegetables. My boyfriend would usually order the chicken panang curry, black pepper beef or the gangalee curry chicken. I am a fan of the pad thai and would rarely stray from this item on the menu, electing to sample bites from Shawn's plate. I've never had anything at Satara that I haven't liked. My only suggestion would be to have a specialty cocktail menu. They might have this now but as of the last time we visited in March, they didn't. New management has bumped up their score and now I would give Satara an easy 4. Good eats!
5	I just went there with my wife, and she enjoyed it the most. She wanted a Thai food and she had specific dishes in mind. She will give it a six star.The dishes are huge and could feed two persons easily.The service is nice even though we arrived 10 minute prior the kitchen closing. The waitress was very friendly and answered our question about the menu and adjusted our dishes the way we wanted.
1	Be warned if you are thinking of purchasing one of the Living Social deal coupons that came out in today's e-mail, this business is out of business.  They have not been paying their bills, taxes included, and basically trying to scam the system.  Check the City of Peoria court records, they were formally evicted in October and have known they would not be in business to see these coupons used.  I posted something on Facebook about it and they promptly removed it and blocked me - they know what I am saying is true and they want to continue to perpetrate the fraud.So if you want to waste your money, go ahead and purchase one but just so you know Living Social has been contacted.  Below is what I posted on FB earlier..."Just to set the record straight... when you don't pay your obligations like rent and taxes you give up the right to be in business. Having said the landlord sold the building is not true, get your facts straight and don't mislead the public. You need to pay your bills. And if you are using the Living Social deal to get the money back you have been reported to them as having gone out of business."
1	CLOSED. Where's a NO STAR rating when you need one. It's too bad they got the boot. The food was great. Service blew, but the food was fantastic. I feel badly for all of the people who paid for wine "memberships". In a time where every dollar counts, there's nothing quite like having it taken from you.
4	LOVE THIS PLACE!  I have not had a single thing that I did not enjoy and the portions are big enough for sharing.  Leftovers are great the next day.
4	I only went here once.  That one time was pretty nice though.  A lot of people here have been giving them no stars because of a towing issue, or because their business hours are not amazing... This is unfair.  Their staff is knowledgeable about their food and their wine.  It's a romantic environment and their food is quite tasty!
2	The PF Changs of Thai food. There is nothing more to say. Also, it boasts the greasiest pad thai in all the land.
5	My wife and I love Thai food. We had to drive to Scottsdale for decent food until this place opened. We ate at Satara three times until we admitted there was no longer a need to drive to the east side for Thai... This place is our new favorite. The food is awesome and the service is good (if Thai slow). We lived in Asia for several years and this place ranks up there. Give it a shot!
4	The panang curry with prawns was excellent. Chicken wings were pretty good. Crab wantons not so much.
