4	Went to Cardinals Stadium (now called University of Phoenix Stadium) on Sunday for the Cardinals/Rams game - and what a difference a few hundred million, a retractable roof, and some AC make.  It becomes quite evident how awful having an NFL team play in Sun Devil Stadium was. The drive to the Westside is well worth it.  It's a gorgeous facility, that is the envy of the stadium/arena world.Only minus is for the guy a few rows up who drank too much and hurled all over himself and the rows in front of him.  Guy knows how to clear a room.  Plus stadium staff didn't clean up the area as well as they could have....boo!
5	Section 105!  One season down, I can say that there is nothing like watching an NFL game in a sold-out stadium.  The hot metal bleachers of Sun Devil Stadium are a distant, yet painful memory.  Cardinals Stadium (yes, I refuse to use its "other" name) is an oasis in the desert.  See you in August!
4	Superbowl in AZ! And Giants / A's spring training?!I might have to move here from Feb to March!
4	I'm the nerd who's reviewing a stadium not based on a sporting event but a food show. But hey, that's my life! First off, I hate the name of this place. The University of Phoenix Stadium. In fact, isn't this a college without ANY sports teams? It just doesn't roll off the tongue. Perhaps like BOB, we can call this UPS. Not as un United Parcel Service, but simply UPS! Not that I wanted it to be named Pink Taco, but it sure would have been more interesting. It is huge and fun to drive towards UPS as it shifts on the horizon. First it's on the left. No, wait the right. And then, BOOM there it is. A huge spaceship like structure, in the middle of not so much. For now anyway. Can't imagine what this will look like in even five years. The Shamrock Food show, in itself, is a big event. The stadium floor was perfect for this event. We obviously had plenty of room to sample fried foods, grilled meats, prepared sauces and dressings, dozens of types of tortilla chips, coffees, teas and various to go packaging and sanitizing products. I know. Fascinating. Secretly, I hoped, I would have run in to Matt Leinart. Like, perhaps, in the bathroom. No such luck. But I was impressed by UPS. Perhaps, sometime I will be here as a fan and not a general manager. And maybe, the name will change by then. Like, Big Ass Glendale Stadlum (BAGS). Or FEZ Stadium. I know. Self indulgent. Or Yelp Stadium. I know. Ass kisser. Bring it on Super Bowl!!!!!!
4	Very nice and up to date stadium.  Screens are good, lots of different food.  Good fans to chat with.  Stadium itself is pretty ugly from the outside tho, and parking could be better.  Came here for the Card's vs Lions, as well as Super Bowl 42.  Huge difference between the two, as with an avg cards game, it seems you just come, watch the game with a beer, then go home.  Nothing really special or better than watchin it on tv.  Too many seats very far away from fans.  Most of the seats there suck, as they look like little ants running around and you have to watch the screens, but still fun nonetheless.
5	One of two world class stadium in the United States (The other being Reliant Stadium in Houston), which is utterly ironic, given the average undedicated and sophomoric Valley sports fan.  Its like handing the keys to a Porsche Cayman to a blind man; each never fully appreciating the monster cache of the respective masterpiece.  What UoP stadium provides is an architecturally accomplished building, both inside and out, which doubles as a venue for sports designed by world class architect, Peter Eisenman.  Not only was the field was built to host the holiest of holy American football events, but world football matches, final fours, and conventions.  I've seen American football and world football inside this stadium, and the place is unmatched in intimacy, intimation factor, sightlines, and amenities, all a true testament to its thoughtfully creative design.Even location doesn't detract from the stadium, as its primary use is for large-scale, infrequent, weekend events, which forces local-sports-fan to be out tailgating or enjoying Westgate for several hours before and after the game, anyway.  I would state that its only flaw is the unfortunate name, pegged to its brow like a scarlet sentence.
4	While I would never come here to actually see the Cards play I finally went to an event here. The Skin Art Expo, we went on the last day so it was probably the shittiest of days to go but good ole' fate always takes charge.  We walked right up no line for tix they did want to do a search at the door I had no purse just my camera in tow. They waved us in and told us to take the escalator down while going down 2 large escalators and finally arriving at our destination I could not help noticing the cold cemented walls everywhere it kinda felt unfinished like they were in a hurry to got this thing up and just gave up down under. Maybe they ran out of paint or ideas?!?! The bathrooms were pretty cheesy I think they are better at AMC but they did have plenty. All in all I came with nothing bought a $7.25 beer and left with a tattoo my day was complete!
4	I've never actually been to a game here.. but the view, http://www.dwdavey.com/azsta.jpg ,  is pretty awesome
5	I am a big New England Patriots fan (going back to Eason, Grogan, Stanley Morgan, etc) and traveled to Phoenix to enjoy the Super Bowl, which unfortunately didn't end up happening.  How can a Super Bowl just not happen?  Don't know, but it just did.  Funny how things worked out.So anywho, this really is a great stadium.  Good for the Cardinals that they have a stadium like this, not that I hated Sun Devil Stadium but this is just on a whole other level, it's beautiful and first class in every way.Granted, I can only imagine what outsiders think of us Boston sports fans, who have really become spoiled brats over the past few years.  For those who dislike us, take some pleasure in the fact that the Super Bowl was a World Class kick directly into the junk, spread out over about 4+ hours of dread and stress.  Proof that while personnel and coaching are important, blocking and tackling are much more so.
5	I went to a football game here with the bf awhile ago. We had cheap tickets, but still thought that the view was pretty decent even in the nosebleed section. We also parked waaaay out in the boonies, and there was a shuttle service that was easy and accessible. The new stadium was clean, has your standard concession stand, and the bathrooms here are the only place where there's a longer line for the men's restroom than the ladies restroom. I've been to a few other stadiums before, and this is by far the nicest. I also dig that its an indoor/outdoor stadium.
4	I've seen my Broncos play against the Cardinals in this big mothership a year ago.  It is way better than sitting in the hot-ass bleachers of Sun Devil Stadium.  Despite it's name (like the UoP has a college team), it's a great place and I think Arizona needs a stadium like this to protect the fans from the heat.  This stadium is so huge that you could see it from miles away, sometimes all the way from the 303.
5	I am so jealous of this stadium.  Very pretty.  It truly is Superbowl worthy.  Went here for my first Monday Night Football game ever...I think.  Loved it.  It's huuuuuge.  The retracting roof is awesome.  Everything looks brand new.  And much to my surprise, there were TONS of Niner fans there.  I'm pretty sure it was just the MNF crowd, but still.  I felt very safe, and very much at home...or at least wishing it was my home stadium.  All in all, it was an awesome experience, capped off with an awesome game that came to the very last play with 2 secs left.  Cardinals won 29-24.
4	The spaceship in the desert!  Yep thats what it is.  Huge area around the stadium.  We had a parking pass for the Brown lot which is in BFE.  Probably a mile or 2 from the actual stadium.  They do have school busses that take you near the stadium which is cool though.  You can pretty much tailgate and drink beers anywhere so that was nice.  Now for the real reason to go here..................some NFL FOOTBALL!!!!!I am a huge Giants fan so my lady and my buddy Jon went out here to catch the game.  We had prime seats near the corner end zone which were perfect!  Giants kicked some ass as usual and won by 8 points.  The stadium itself is really big and they had the roof closed so it was super loud.  Typical stadium prices....$6 nachos, $4 hot dogs, $7 beers etc.  The layout sure does get congested though.  Walking around the stadium there always seemed to be logjams or people just hanging out getting in the way.  Restrooms were plentiful and there was never too long of a line to take a leak.  Overall a nice, new stadium which was cool to watch a game at.  The drive home to SD was made alot easier because the Giants won.....thats right suckas.....they are about to be repeat Super Bowl Champs!  They are 2-0 in this stadium :-).
4	Both times I have been to U of P Stadium it has been for college football games and both times Ohio State lost (I'm thinking the Buckeyes are cursed there). Despite that, I have had good experiences at this stadium. We sat down low (100 level) on the 40 yard line and had excellent views of the entire field and the large scoreboard during the BCS Championship. During the Fiesta Bowl on January 5, 2009, we sat in section 403, row 15 on the aisle and again had great seats. We had an amazing view of the entire field, which I was surprised by being in a corner section. Also, while we were in the 400 level, we were not that high up at all. The only negative about section 403 is that you can not see the large scoreboard and have to rely on the very small screen at the opposite end. Parking last night for the Fiesta Bowl was 1000% better than during the National Championship game - it feels like they figured out how to get cars out of the Blue lots within minutes, which is great. We were out of the lot within two minutes of arriving back at the car.Security lines were pretty long an hour before the game, but they moved quickly. The escalators are not that well marked when you walk in, but once you find them, it's pretty quick to get to your seats. When my sister and I went to get concessions prior to the start of the game, we walked right up and were back in our seats within five minutes. Plus the cashier only charged me for my beer ($8.25) and not the fries, so that was sweet! For both games I attended, I found the bathroom lines to be short which I attribute to the fact that there are numerous facilites spread around the stadium.I'm anti-football and baseball in domed stadiums and U of P stadium does not change that opinion. However, that does not take away the fact, that they seem to do a good job hosting events. I was quite taken aback both times on how chilly U of P stadium is being a domed stadium though. I hope to return next season for a Cardinals game to get a true sense of the atmosphere in the stadium.
3	Went to the 2009 Fiesta Bowl and the stadium was great.  But that's not why I want to write this review.  This review is for the jerk usher who, 5 minutes after the presentation of the trophies, started to kick us all out of our seats.  We were all just celebrating and basking in the victory when he started telling all of us it was time to go.  None of us were doing anything wrong, he just wanted us out of there.  When I looked around to see if there were any other ushers doing the same thing, none of them were.  It was just this one rogue usher ruining the moment for all of us.  Thanks buddy.
4	This review is for the stadium as an NFL venue - Cards home game.Nice stadium.  Traffic flow in and out is pretty well managed.  Caution to the women, do not bring a big purse.  You will be walking it back to your car.They have addressed the hideous women's bathroom, long-line  situation that made ASU stadium so annoying.Decent concession offerings...but very expensive.  Have only tried pop and water...its that expensive. (churros are 4 bucks???)Excellent lawn for tailgating on the west side.  That area is totally cool, usually has a band, lots of people who have mastered the art of tailgating (flat screen tvs w/ satellite dishes!).If you have season tickets, it sure is nice parking before the game in the W or Orange lots where the lawn is.  Not so nice getting out.  We preferred getting out of the Brown over by the high school.  The stadium has a well run bus service that gets you to and from the Brown.  Definitely a lot easier getting out of that lot.Dig:  put a stinkin' plaque up by the outside memorial for Pat Tillman.  In a few years most people are going to be wondering who is this statute of a guy w/ weird hair, wearing a 40 on his shirt?Best of all:  the place rocks when the crowd is into it and the opposing team has the ball.WE DO THIS TOGETHER!LET'S GO CARDINALS!!!
2	DO NOT GO TO CONCERTS HERE!!! I payed $250/seat for "row 32" in section 105. Now, "row 32" generally means there will be approximately 32 people between you and the stage. This seat was more like the nose bleed section. The people on the stage looked like action figures they were so far away. Also, the lighting in the place is terrible. When a band starts to play, the room is supposed to go completely dark - this place is so lit up with hotdog and beer stands, the stage effects didn't work. The performers were amazing, but the venue is terrible. We will never go to a concert here again.
3	Stadium was REALLY nice... the MORONS in control of the parking...not so much.  I understand that you're not going to get doctors/lawyers/rocket scientists to control parking and move traffic in and out of the game.  HOWEVER, it would be nice if Glendale would pull their heads out of their butts and build a new on/off ramp for the stadium.  It took over 30mins to get out of the parking lot!!  To make it worse..the Cards lost :(
1	Just saw U2 there a few week ago. And although the band was great, U of P as a concert venue stinks for several reasons:- Parking and traffic flow. The streets and freeway around the Westgate area were not designed to handle the traffic. After finally reaching the stadium, I was sent into one parking lot, only to be sent back out and then to another lot, etc. This went on for a good 25 minutes. Oh, and did I mention they wanted $20 to park? - The sound was awful and my ears will never be the same. Now, I know this may or may not be the stadium's fault, but I know this venue was not designed for perfect concert sound. It was built for football. But I could not understand half of what Bono said the sound was so bad. And it was so loud my ears rang for two days.- Insane lines for everything. I realize they were near capacity for this event, but lines for the bathrooms, food, booze, everything were ridiculously long.I understand that Cards games are much more organized. I may still go to a game someday. However, I will NEVER attend a concert here again.
2	Attended the U2 concert here. The stadium itself is nice, but not the best place for a concert, especially one with such a grand set-up and special effects. Bono explained that with this tour, they're going for "intimacy on a grand scale." The intimacy was definitely missing at this venue! Since that element was a conscious effort on the band's part, imagine a show where that wasn't the intention -- you'd feel even farther away from the performers. It sorta felt like the venue was competing with, rather than supporting, the music. From the first drumbeat on, I was overwhelmed with a feeling of wanting to shut out the stadium itself and focus on the music. Could have been a lot worse -- could have been better. Was confused and bummed at the images on the 360 screen during "City of Blinding Lights" and "Unforgettable Fire" (ohmigod -- to hear that live -- never would I have dreamed!) -- could have been so beautiful, but something was wrong. It's possible that the place was too lit up for the images to be clear on the screen, or there was some sort of malfunction. I don't know. The bathroom lines were ridiculous, but the facilities were clean. I do have one thing to say: don't block the sinks for everyone else just to primp! Witness the crowds behind you! Wash your hands and then, use your own mirror; I see one in your hands with your face powder. I know you want to look gorgeous for the guys on stage, but your pores are NOT going to be visible from where you're standing. Sheesh. I totally relate to being worked up for these performers but I also need to use the sink.Didn't visit any concessions so can't comment on those. Overall, staff were great and concert-goers were pretty polite, but then, I wasn't on the Floor where the crazy general admission mosh was going on. Heard later that there were a lot of mean drunks. Whassup, aren't U2 fans supposed to be more humane than average? I guess people are people...We had 17th row, on Adam's side of the stage. That meant we saw very little of Edge except what was on the screen. He took a walk once or twice down our catwalk, but it's never enough! A great show, just o.k. venue.
4	Being drug to a Cardinals game with my season ticket holding friends was a bit difficult for me.. Im  in love with my 49ers... and the Cardinals could well knock them out of the running for the NFC West.. anything! Plus I love my Candlestick back home.. but this stadium is the bombfootballdiggity.. AC.. retractable roof.. well managed.. thats a hit.. even if it is the Cardinals:-)
2	Let me preface this with the access, tailgating, and parking situation was fantastic. Being a long time Seattle season ticket holder I truly appreciated those things. The stadium itself.......poorly set up. This is the Kingdome spruced up. The seats are crammed...we were 40 rows up at the 50 yard line. The amenities for fans are non-existent. One of the big screens is good, the other is entirely too small. No scoreboards for the stats of the game--yards, sacks, penalties, turnovers, etc. The concourse has no monitors for fans who are in line for the bathroom or returning to their seats. The monitors are at the concession stands, but I find this unacceptable. Perhaps I am spoiled with that, or maybe the Cardinal fans just haven't experienced any better and don't realize that this experience is being done on the cheap. When you realize that Bidwell owns the Cards; it is not surprising.
5	The AZ Cardinals stadium is everything a football stadium should and needs to be. I see other reviews ranking it low for the retards that control the parking  or not complimenting U2's live performance as good as one wished. Rank the company who got the parking lot contract at the stadium or U2's tour production company low rather then the stadium. As for watching football in this stadium, its top notch.Now for the review. Fist off, I considered only giving a 4 star review on account of the name of the stadium. I believe it should be called Pat Tillman Stadium. But if that was done then the stadium could not sell the name rights to the highest bidder and lose millions. And just cause the name of the stadium is not what I would like it to be, constitute to the quality of the stadium.I have been going to Cardinals games since they moved here. And up until 3 years ago, this was done at Sun Devil Stadium. ASU stadium is a great college stadium, but NFL is not college and thus deserves a Professional stadium. Knowing now how enjoyable and comfortable attending Cardinals games can be, it was uncivilized how we did it before. Now for the stadium. Outside on the west side of the stadium is The Great Lawn. Which is perfect, actually it wouldn't have hurt to have made it a little bit bigger. There used to be plenty of room but as the fans have grown getting a spot on the lawn requires arriving several hours before kickoff. But other then that it is perfect for setting up camp and doing what is done before football games. The design and arcitecture of the building is great. As for the statistics anbd ammenities the stadium offers just check out the stadiums website. For watching football there is not a bad seat in the building. And when one needs to go to the concession stand or bathroom you can still watch the game from the concourse pretty well, so one will not miss much of the game when not in their seat. The stadiums staff has always done a profficiant job and are very laidback from what I have seen. I could ramble a while on the pros of the stadium but spare any who read this, from that. In conclusion, UofPhx stadium is everything a football fan wants in a stadium. Thus deserving the highest rank possible.
5	Went to the Cardinals-St. Louis Rams game...at least until midway through the third quarter....was able to beat paying $70 for seats in the very top row of the whole stadium (on the 10 yard line) by getting them as a Christmas present....was able to beat $4 for a pop by signing up to be a designated driver....also was able to beat paying $20 to park in the mall lot by lucking into a space along the street in the mall next to the movie complex.....and was able to beat paying god knows how much for food and beer by tailgating across the street....this was essentially a free day of NFL football until after the game at Gordon Birsch....view from seats though was great....so was Pat Tillman statue outside....classy tribute to a real hero....concourses were roomy...roof was open on great and cool day and it was nice....got there 3 hours before kickoff and stayed in area well after game so traffic was not an issue..just as nice if not nicer than Lucas Oil Stadium in Indy and Ford Field in Detroit, NFL stadiums I've been to that were built around the time as the Glendale stadium,.
5	Sure you can go watch a Cardinals game at University of Phoenix Stadium, but this facility is clearly at its peak when it is hosting the Texas Longhorns.  This is the home of the Tostitos Fiesta Bowl, which is also at its peak when featuring the Texas Longhorns, it is also brought to you by Tostitos.This is easily one of the best stadiums I've ever been to, I'd even go as far as saying that it is better than the Dallas Cowboys Stadium on account of having a better view of the field from the upper deck, though it is important to mention that the Cowboys are the superior football team.  The stadium is VERY handicap-friendly and the shopping/restaurant area around the stadium is a great place for pre and post game activities.Clearly the Cardinals were not messing around with this one, Kudos AZ!
5	I was blown away by the sheer beauty of this stadium. Quite possibly the nicest stadium I've seen thus far, however I haven't been to Dallas yet. I came here to watch the Green Bay Packers take on the Cardinals during Game 1 of the Wildcards, which was a HUGE beating for Arizona, but I guess it was a smart move on their part for conserving their energy for their victorious and important Game 2. They had the roof closed, even though it was very nice outside (mid 70's). The scoreboards and screens were easy to glance at during the plays and you can really get a feel of how serious the people who jigged up this place were when they designed .it. The staff working at this stadium are very pro, and very attentive. Parking was easy, and getting out after the game was easy.I had an enjoyable time here, and was glad to have finally been able to watch Rodgers play in person.
4	Spacious stadium with a dome.Okay, that about sums it up.I mean, how do you REALLY review a stadium?  I was here for Wrestlemania, not a game, so it was a slightly different atmosphere.
4	Just moved here from SoCal. And it felt great not traveling just to watch an NFL game! Stadium is ok, not great! Food was good, but very expensive. But overall the family and I had a Very good time. I am not complaining especially I have an team to root for now!
4	There is nothing like a live football game. The fans, the food, and the tailgate. This is a great stadium. It's very new, I believe it's been there a little over four years. There is a ton of parking and a mall with some food and drink options for before or after the game. It's right off of the 101. I still can't get over the sound. We could hear noise erupting from the building from the parking lot. If you aren't there to actually watch the game and are looking to talk on your phone then you will be out of luck because the cellular service inside totally sucks. Besides that it's a great venue to go watch America's favorite sport. I look forward to seeing another game here this season.
3	I came to this stadium for the Seahawks/Cardinals game.  Arizona weather is great and the stadium is nice but not what I'm used to.  Another reviewer mentioned how loud the stadium was, compared to the Seahawks stadium, things were super quiet.  I also couldn't hear the calls the ref was making.  Most of the time I couldn't here anything the announcer was saying, the accoustics were horrible.The plus is they have several different foods, tacos, and your basic professional sporting event junk food-plus roasted pecans, you'll be able to smell the cinnamon before you actually find the nuts-smells delicious!!  Food is expensive but that's the standard M.O. for sporting events-jack up the prices when you're locked in.Parking here is great---IF YOU HAVE A PASS.  Otherwise it's HORRIBLE and you have to do a marathon size trek (okay, not that bad, but there are shuttles).  Driving around the stadium is confusing, it seems like the side roads weren't constructed to sustain the stadium traffic so there are cones everywhere and it's just super confusing-it's well policed so if you get confused there's somebody instructing you where to go but it's still a little obnoxious.  I was impressed with the tail gaiting area.  It was primo for tailgating!
5	This is one of the nicer, cleaner stadiums I have been to. You can tell that it is fairly new. I came out here when my Dolphins played the Cardinals in 08. I had a decent seat, but I can see the field really well. That had a live rock band playing before the game, that sounded pretty good. They kept that stadium really clean. The Arizona fans don't taunt or get on your nerve, either.  My Dolphins got blown out, but I had a good time. I was just impressed by just the sheer beauty of this place.
4	I have yet to find a bad seat here. Even the $25 Cardinals game tickets are reasonable, though who wouldn't prefer to be in the $75 seats? That said, food and drink pricing is beyond ridiculous! Do NOT come hungry! (or thirsty...) We're talking $7.25 for a bottle of Bud Light or $5 for a churro. Yikes!!
3	The stadium was beautiful! the parking was not organized very well and was 20.00 pretty pricey.
4	Very nice stadium. Came here for a Cardinals vs. Broncos game and had a good time. The stadium itself is very modern with big screens. I did not like that they only sell you one beer at a time. WTH? My friend and I had to each get in line twice in one trip so we could get 4 beers.
5	Just saw the Christmas day game Cardinals vs Cowboys. Being there to cheer on the Cowboys you would think one might have a tough time. I would like to say the Cardinals fans were first class all the way. Very fun bunch of people who were very hospitable. The stadium is one of the best I have ever been to. Our seats were in the end zone in the first row (which certainly didn't hurt the experience) the facility is very well laid out. Anyone who complains about the food/drink prices obviously hasn't been to a sporting event/concert in Southern California.
5	This is such a beautiful stadium to go to and relax at, everything is so close that it only take 10-15 mins to get where you want to be, and on top of that, there is westgate shopping center that is right there with all the bars and night clubs to go to after the games. I recommend UOPX Stadium over any other in the valley because its clean and any seat in the house is a great one.!!!!Plus the weather is always great!!
5	Brak has been a Cardinals season ticket holder since Jiffy Pop Stadium (its real name, ignore that advertisement on the side) opened in '06.  Brak has been to MANY stadiums and arenas all over the country, and you know what?  JPS is truly one of the elite, a world-class venue if ever there was one.  I haven't been to Jerry Jones' new palace in Dallas yet, which is supposed to be the gold standard now, but it would automatically lose 2 stars for that ginormous, 60 yard long drive-in theatre screen hanging over the field.  What the hell was Jerry thinking???!!  I go to the game to watch the game, not be distracted by a monstrosity like that.Parking here and traffic flow are a breeze.  We now manage to get in and out of the Blue lot super-quickly, thanks to strategic parking.  We can stay at the game until the final gun and still fly out of the lot with almost no wait.  And, amazingly, the Blue lot is still free.  Amazing.The Brak-O-Meter actually registers 4.5 stars for JPS (errrr, UOP) stadium, with a half-star deducted for the crummy food, which didn't get ANY better when they canned the old caterer after last year.  But Brak generally rounds up, and the rest of the joint tips the scales in that direction.  One last note - Michael Bidwill, PLEASE open the roof on nice days late in the season.  It's a travesty to sit in there with it shut when it's 70-80 degrees outside.
1	If I was allowed to give just one "Worst of Yelp Awards" this would be it.The Cards must have about 10,000 fans show up for games because the logistics for the National Championship game was a disaster. It was like this was the first event they ever held.Problems (So many - I'm sure I'll leave something out)1. No concessions to be found anywhere outside stadium2. Inside concessions ran out of hot dogs, cups and beer any many spots before halftime.3. Parking lot security was yelling at everyone4. There were only 4 gates for 70+ thousand fans5. Jumbotrons - small6. Barely could hear the stadium announcer7. They wouldn't show a replay and then they would put an ad up saying replays brought to you by....8. Only a couple of escalators for the upper decks that fit one person at a time.This stadium does not deserve a BCS game and I hope it gets yanked from the smallest of the stadiums involved.
3	Stadium is good setup for multiple events. Concessions are easily accessible.
4	too bad the team sux but this is a great football venue with tons of stuff to do right outside. its an indoor dome so on hot days they have it cooled down. highly recommend watching a game here if ur in the area.MUST TRY: loaded giant chilli dog
4	Finally had the opporunity to check this stadium out last Sunday for a soccer match! I'm definitely gonna try to catch a Cards game later this year. The facility is beautiful, well lit/air conditioned, clean and maintained to the highest degree! The $12 beers and $7 hot dog were a little hard on the wallet, but I suppose it's all part of the experience!
3	It's the alien mothership.  Overpriced crap food.  Octogenarians checking you for water bottles when you come in (easily distracted) so you can't smuggle water in, but you could hide a machine gun under your jacket.The stadium is easy to figure out, good times.
2	Compared to Chase Field this stadium kinda sucks. Though I would much rather watch football than baseball, the food and drink options in the stadium and around the stadium are really sub par. The bars & restaurants in the area right next to the stadium were clearly built only for stadium spectators (because there is nothing else around) but were not built to handle the capacity. We got there about 2.5 hours before the game and everything had insanely long lines and if there was any seating available without a 2 hour wait it was for outdoor-only seating (it was 110 degrees outside...painful). The Yard House (the best option there) was completely full with no chance of getting food or drinks before the game. Inside the stadium the food choices are slim and not very good. I love a ballpark pretzel as much as the next person but they could have done better. The Papa Johns branded pizza was awful and didn't taste a think like Papa John's pizza - soggy crust, tasteless sauce, no herbs or flavoring, and barely any cheese. The screens inside the stadium are pathetically small so I recommend not getting nosebleed seats because you won't have much to look at to see what happened. We had really good seats and the screens were too small to help much.
3	Bought someone's Cardinals season tickets this year lower level row 4 in the corner (section 115).  Seats aren't bad but I still think football is better watched on TV.  I have been to other events here and they are always miniaturized due to the size of this massive arena.  I do think that tailgating (when its not 110!) is always fun but then I am so drunk for the game it makes it even harder to focus.  I'd give it more starts but who really cares, football fans couldn't care less about any reviews that aren't 5 stars for their Cardinals.
4	Great Stadium.  There hasn't been a bad seat that we have gotten yet.  Food prices are high but that is to be expected at these types of venues! There are a lot of other events held here and being a closed staduim is great for the AZ HOT weather!
3	The stadium is nice, but why the hell is it so far away from everything? There is plenty to do before game time with bars o'plenty at westgate. The beer inside in spendy but on par with any sporting venue, have a few beforeyou go in and save a few bucks. The food was a solid "meh", expensive and bland, eat before you go. As for watching the actually game, the view was good from our seats, not sure about what it's like in the noseleed sections.
5	awesome stadium the fights are awesome from the super drunk people when i have lower level seats overall i have and will return for more games regardless of this not being my favorite football team
4	Univ. of Phoenix Stadium definitely gets an A for their state of the art amenities and structure. However, they might get a C- for the exterior beauty. It looks like a space ship ready to launch. However, inside, it's a huge stadium and you can't really go wrong with any seats in the house. The suites are phenomenal with plenty of seating inside. The seats in the stands are roomy and have an easy view of the field. This stadium is really the first of its kind with a closed dome and yet real grass. I learned that this is the first stadium with a retractable grass field so that when they aren't having games, they roll the grass outside so that it can get sunlight. Pretty impressive. I've been to football games, concerts and events here and it's always a nice experience except for the fact that this stadium is a long drive from Phoenix and once you get there, parking is a mess. We went to the game today and waited in parking lot traffic for over an hour while trying to leave after the game. They set up a maze which turned the exiting process into a one lane, one car out at a time process. After that, we had to backtrack about three miles before they let us get on the free way which was bumper to bumper. The games are fun, but the parking and flow makes me rethink my next visit. Next time I go, I will definitely asses the parking situation and try to figure out a better option. Maybe by then the staff will figure out a better dynamic to get so many people in and out of the stadium.Be prepared to spend a pretty penny if you go for a football game. A beer is $11.25 and since most people drink more than one beer at a football game, all I can say is to definitely come prepared with cash to spend.
4	Wow, impressive stadium!  If only the team that played there were as good as the facilities!We were fortunate enough to sit in Field Box sets, complete with light snacks provided (chocolate-covered pretzels, veggies and dip, sodas, popcorn, etc).  But was was truly impressive was our personal server throughout the game who brought us wings, pizza, hot dogs and kraut -- all the food was a slight step above stadium food.  If I could go back to these seats, I'd do it in a heartbeat!
4	Doesn't get much better. Granted, it's a pretty new stadium with all the latest amenities.
5	I am a life long Arizona Cardinals fan and used to go to every game when they were at ASU. Since they moved out to Glendale several years ago I haven't been to one. Well that all changed this last week where the 1-6 Cards played the 1-6 Rams. I knew going into the year that the Cards would be pretty mediocre since they have a new QB, a new Defensive scheme to learn, and had a shortened preseason. This was one of the most exciting games that I have seen the Cards play in. Well most of the game was a snooze, but the last quarter and over time the stands were electrifying. As the Cards blocked a field goal to send the game into OT and then ran a punt back for the winning TD. This is only the second time in NFL history that an OT was won by a punt return. The stadium itself is quite a site to behold and is really quite amazing. We tailgated in the parking lot and it was very well coordinated by security. They keep the driving lanes open by keeping everyone inside painted boarders, which is a great idea and everyone seems to follow. Once inside the security is great and never once did we feel unsafe. In fact when we were at the concession stands a fight almost broke out and before you could even process what was going on there were police and security breaking it up peacefully sending the two idiots on their way. Exiting, which is always a hassle, was actually a breeze. We were out in 10 minutes. The whole experience was amazing.
5	Been here a couple times and this place is IMPRESSIVE!!Parking: My bro has a dope sticker so the walk in is only bout 5 minutes.  Plus, we get there abouuuuuut 4-5 hours before gametime... so we get pretty much the closest possible spot in one of the closest lots.Inside view: Surprisingly good!!  We had seats in the upper decks and you still get a damn good view of the game.  Not sure about concerts, but we all know that concerts in huge arenas blow 89% of the time right?  The acoustics are off!!Concessions: No complaints whatsoever.  Located in all the right places.  Expect to pay some dollas... duh.NOTE: Take the stadium tour!  When do you ever get to fully experience what such a massive work of man-made art has to offer?  There is so much that goes into the stadium and how it operates that you take for granted when you're wasted and watching the Cards get slaughtered.  Great photo ops, too.  It's worth the price of admission!
4	Nice clean and modern stadium.  Always sold out and loud for Cardinals' games.
2	Went here for the Fiesta Bowl this.....pretty dissappointed. First, why was the roof on?....But the place is just cold and sterile. No warmth. No feel. Like playing in a big Costco. No Ambience. Just a big storage shed with a playing surface......There were plenty of food booths and restrooms. Staff was helpful. Overall, just a sterile environment.
5	Beautiful stadium. Quick access to parking lots.
3	I am attending an event here and they would not let me eat my lunch!  They were even stopping people with water bottles!!  Did they hire TSA for their security. The event was an open air event. Had to stand outside and eat cold chipotle!!  Don't want to give the stadium too bad of a rap because it's nice; just watch out for the food nazi security guards.
4	I've been to a couple of games here.  It's a pretty cool place to watch a football game.The only other place I have gone to see an NFL game is the S.F. 49ers' Candlestick Park.  I won't compare the two because obviously, Candlestick Park has had such a head start in history and it is an open stadium instead of having a retractable roof like UoP Stadium.  You don't have to battle the elements in AZ.This stadium is so new and clean.  It's really a great facility.  Parking is cheap compared to other stadiums.  The parking lots are perfect for tail-gating.  The spaces are not cramped like most other places.  Maybe I shouldn't be docking the stadium's ratings for this, but just the general atmosphere here is pretty luke warm.  The times when I watched games here, it seemed like 40% of the fans were there to see the visiting team.  Being a 49ers fan, I don't really mind.The PA system should be A LOT louder and sharper.  Cardinals fans, please raise up the intensity!  The team would greatly benefit from it.  I know I've mentioned that I'm a 49ers fan, but I'm always rooting for Fitzgerald to succeed.  Larry is my current favorite NFL player.  Boldin is a close second, even if he's in Baltimore.
4	great place! HUGE! but great place
4	Watched a Lions game here in 2007. It was a bit hazy because we worked in a Vegas visit and subsequent road trip. The Lions had -14 rush yards for the game. Memorable. Great facility, interesting that the grass rolls in on game day after spending time getting sun and water outdoors. There is a nice tailgate/party area that is on grass which is a nice change from some of the concrete areas I have visited in the past. They had some game type areas for kids setup and a band playing. Tailgaters had all sorts of southwestern stews going on but better judgement got the better of me and I avoided partaking. Best part of the trip. I decided to leave my phone at the hotel saying "Why am I going to need this thing!" I needed it. Due tothe  numerous cocktails and beers consumed I some how managed to get separated from my 3 friends. Apparently they had an amber alert out for me in the stadium because they told security I was lost and that I was 8 years old. Still dont buy it. Ended up taking a cab back the to hotel and I swear he circled the stadium 5 times racking up the fare. Either way... great day.
5	University Of Phoenix Stadium ( Stupid Name ) is as good as it gets !This stadium is huge and real nice inside.  I was inside for the first time for Wrestlemania back in 2010.  Very impressed !I still have not caught an Cardinals football game at this stadium yet but I am sure the game experience is awesome !The exterior of the stadium looks lame and generic but once inside its as good as it gets !
4	Great Stadium to watch football, except for the socially challened Cardinals fun sitting to the right and above us that wouldn't shut up and looked like he has taken one to many beer bottles to the head. this is PRE-SEASON dude!!! not the SUPER BOWL.
4	For a Football stadium this place is cool. But the food sucks they need to have other restaurants come in and make the food. I can only do so many papa Johns Pizza or hot dogs. We need Garlic Fries and specialty foods that are worth the 8 bucks they charge
4	Pretty cool stadium!!  Went there for the Eagles-Cardinals game on 9/23.  This stadium is a huge upgrade from the ASU Frank Kush Field days.  Everything in this arena is ultra-modern.  They even had a cheesesteak place right by our section, which was definately appreciated by us Philly fans!!  I also liked the outdoor mall shopping/restaurant area outside of the stadium.  Very good experience and friendly fans, I would definately return.  (and hope the Eagles play a little better next time, of course)
5	Had the privilege of going to work thee for a year and a half working for the Cardinals.  When you see the stadium empty, you really get to see what a magnificent stadium it really is.  Blows old Sun Devil stadium away by a long shot.  Recommend anyone to visit UofP stadium to see a Cardinals game or any other event for anyone living in the valley or visiting from out-of-town.
3	Better than many stadiums.  Lots of expensive bad food, but people must love it based on how long they will wait in lines.  The lawn for "tailgating" is something to be seen!
4	This is a nice stadium but not great compared to other newer stadiums that I've been to. It does have good facilities right next to the stadium from restaurants to shopping to hotels. Also, the open grass field areas are fun for throwing a football, frisbee, are just sitting down enjoying the scene. This is a fun place to come to early and hang out for the afternoon before a game.However, the things that bother me about the facility are: 1) The pathetic "big" screen is a joke. 20 years ago it might have been considered big but it's really a joke by today's standards -- especially for an NFL facility. I've been to several college stadiums that have actual big screen that are triple the size.2) The scoreboards are also small and lack stat information.This isn't anything like Dallas Stadium, but then again, nothing is. I give this stadium 3.5 stars.
2	I drove from Austin, Texas to graduate at the "official" University of Phoenix Stadium after attending University of Phoenix online for 4 whole years and graduating with honors (top 10% of my class actually). Needless to say, from my stars (or lack thereof), I was highly disappointed. For those traveling like me, the "University of Phoenix" Stadium is NO WHERE close to the "Main Campus." In fact, it is 26 miles away from their main campus which isn't in Phoenix is in Tempe. What was worse was that it did NOT feel like a University of Phoenix Stadium at all. I almost would have not even known that it was the UoP stadium if it weren't for the teeny-tiny sign on the outside of the impersonal generic stadium. You go inside and there is Arizona Cardinals stuff EVERYWHERE! My mother, a highly successful UoP alumni, was hoping to stop at the UoP gift shop and pick up some great alumni or Phoenix-gear. Nope! The gift shop was only full of "Cardinals" gear. Seriously??? Wow! What a supreme disappointment! If I knew I was graduating at Cardinals Stadium, I wouldn't have drove 16 hours, I would have drove 20 minutes to my Austin campus!
5	Very nice Stadium and love going to games and concerts there.Lacey, you're a bit naive to think that a stadium with a corporate name actually belonged to the corporation with the name on it. Most stadiums around the country for professional sports have a corporation that pays to put their name on the stadium.UoP Stadium has nothing to do with UoP other than they pay to put their name on it. Did you think UoP had a football team that played there? It's not at the UoP main campus because it actually has nothing to do with the UoP but is where the Arizona Cardinals play. It is the Cardinals stadium so that's why it felt like "Cardinals Stadium".Sorry you were confused but congrats on getting your degree!
5	Cold as hell!!!  But great time.
4	State of the art stadium.  If you're looking for a beer, they only have bud and bud light, except for some small stands that serve premium beer.  Be prepared to stand in long lines for those.  Bathrooms were extremely clean, without long lines.  In a nutshell, great place to see a game.
4	The neo-Coliseum!... where the padded gladiators come to fight other padded gladiators unto the death!  The splendor!  The greatness of our new Rome in PHX!My analogy may be a stretch (I am, admittedly, a former FS who loved to hit), but a stadium really does set the stage for a fight, whether it is circa 127AD or 2013AD!  The Cardinals Stadium (now sponsored by a notorious degree-manufacturing institution) creates a great setting for a special game or event.  The stadium is easy to navigate in-person, and the fung shui is generally on par.  That is, it has a relatively "new" feel, plenty of amenities, and great views throughout most of the stadium.Ready for my complaints?  If not, I am:  the online seating charts and visuals suck.  The upper deck is much higher than the lower/ mid-level seats, and anywhere below the upper deck probably even offers a better view from a slanted angel.  Not knowing this, I incidentally purchased two different sets of tickets (one set for a slanted lower-deck view and another for a side, upper-deck view) for the sum of over $500 only to have to sell two for a $200 loss.The stadium is also frigid-cold in the winter.  Considering that they have a dome, they open it (probably wanting to save money instead of heating it) and the Western sun blinds (but warms... and even tans!) those in the upper Eastern side.  So, if you are sitting on the Eastern side (especially in the upper portion), bring sunglasses and/ or a hat.  Wherever you are sitting outside of the hot months, bring some warm clothes!In all, I enjoyed the stadium and look forward to my next visit.  I hope that my tips help you to have the insight that I wished that I had!
5	Great place to see a game.  Glad I am a season ticket holder and looking forward to next season.
5	We are not locals, but have friends with Fiesta Bowl tickets.  We have been to other pro, college venues.  This place is the most impressive we have been to (no, we have not made it to Dallas).  The sight lines are beautiful.  The seats are comfortable and roomy.  The sound system works well.  The massive end zone screens are great.  Concession stands are typical, well stocked and always overpriced.  Nice souvenirs available as well.  Parking is interesting, with a massive lot.  There is one in our party that is disabled and we were able to get close in parking.  All of the people that greeted us and sold us things and ushered us to our seats were incredibly pleasant and friendly as well.  The most impressive thing, however, is the security.  I have no explanation why people would spend hundreds or thousands of dollars to fly to a bowl game and get obnoxiously drunk and offend others who are there to enjoy the game and root for their favorite teams.  We had a bad encounter last year that was handled professionally.  This year was a major upgrade.  Security was pre-emptive, taking care of stumbling drunks before they could hurt themselves or others.  No, I am not against enjoying a drink at a sporting event, but when others start offending me by spilling drinks on me, I draw the line.  Now that my rant is over, I will come back here to enjoy sporting events and hope that my home town gets a similar facility some day.
4	My first visit to UOPS was for an International Motorcycle Show. The field was pulled out to reveal the polished concrete floor for this huge affair. I was awestruck with the enormity of the place and being on the floor of the building gave me a sense of the athletes' perspective. My only other visit was to the 2013 Fiesta Bowl. We were sitting in the lower section about 10 yard line and had a great view of the action and just used the jumbo screens to watch the far end. Lines for food, beer, and bathrooms were all fairly acceptable and prices were on par with any sporting event. I had a great time watching the game and would like to come back for a Cards game.
5	Great stadium!
5	I've never watched a Cardinals game here.  However, I've watched 2 Fiesta Bowls and been to several gun shows here.  I really like this place, especially for the Fiesta Bowl.  The place is packed to the gills and it doesn't feel uncomfortable.Tailgating on the lawn area for the Fiesta Bowl is fun too.  There's 2 major tailgates and plenty of room to accommodate the thousands of people coming to party.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/university-of-phoenix-stadium-glendale?select=T7Cv3Jf8nJnHPTaqL6xFxQ#T7Cv3Jf8nJnHPTaqL6xFxQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/university-of-phoenix-stadium-glendale?select=CIpTXYER1dK2pTXzK8ts3Q#CIpTXYER1dK2pTXzK8ts3Qhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/university-of-phoenix-stadium-glendale?select=JnGPF38ZiFa778fua5p4tQ#JnGPF38ZiFa778fua5p4tQThe private suites are very spacious and nice with ample seating and have great views of the field.  Also, the food in the suites is very good.  A comfortable place to watch a football game.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/university-of-phoenix-stadium-glendale?select=1mBXPpEgmbGFdLs6sgbfqw#1mBXPpEgmbGFdLs6sgbfqwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/university-of-phoenix-stadium-glendale?select=uAfeNeHrn8Piftzk6JORIw#uAfeNeHrn8Piftzk6JORIwFor gun shows, there's plenty of room for parking and it's spacious on the main floor, so you don't feel too crowded when you're at each vendor booth.Overall, this facility is top notch.  Can't wait to come back for another event.Return Factor - 100%
4	Again like Jobing.com Arena this place is part of the Westgate complex that has a lot of cool bars and restaurants. The building is big, clean and nice. I was little drunk when I went so I did not walk around much but it was modern. I really liked the free parking and the ability to tailgate before games. The nice thing is that the fans are very bad and as a Seahawks fan there we made up a large chunk of the fans in attendance and of course the loudest.
4	Been here a couple times.The 1st was for the Cards/ falcons playoff game. We were invited by my boss, so we were on the suite level. Theres a great little bar on this level, and the food provided for the suite was awesome. We actually sat in the seats to the left of our suite box, which was nice, a little more room.The 2nd for a Cards/ Redskins preseason game. There isnt a bad seat in this house. We were in the 2nd tier on the 50 yard line. What a great view. The seats are pretty spacious, we didnt feel cramped. That level wasnt as steep as we expected it to be (see Chase Field) either. There are plenty of food options on every level. The only thing I wasnt happy about is that the relish at the condiment stations is dill relish, not sweet relish. There are also many alternative places to stand and watch the game, lots of screens everywhere so you dont miss a minute of the action.The 3rd time I was here was for a mini bridal show. We actually got to be on the field level. This place never looked so huge!Great place for a game, albiet a bit far out on the westside.
5	Enjoyed the fiesta bowl here. We were VERY high up, but we still felt like a part of the action. Everything was clean and conveniently located.
5	Job fair today!I've been here twice: once for a Pet Expo and yesterday for the Goodwill Career Expo. The facility is HUGE inside and there's lots of parking  available.Keep in mind as you wait in line to enter that even though you think you are finally at the entrance, there is a long winding ramp to enter the venue in the basement.Tip: WEAR COMFORTABLE SHOES!
4	Well I can't really believe I have not reviewed this stadium considering I have been living in the valley now for 3 years. I have been to this Stadium on 6 different occasions....3 RV shows.....a choir rehearsal.....and 2 games. There is really not a bad seat in the house however I recommend sitting the open end zone area. When I attended the Lions vs Cardinals game last year...I was near the end zone section only 13 rows from the field with the aisle seat. The food prices are about what you would expect at an NFL game.....the vendors were pretty cool.....and the gift shop is pretty nice. The place does look like a huge toaster in the middle of the dessert.....LOL....but it is truly a state of the art structure that I would recommend to anyone to go and visit. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	Went here for the Pet Expo. It was a fun time, and there were many vendors. The food offered was limited to U. of Phoenix money pockets, so that part stunk.  They had coffee/iced teas, cheese steaks, salads, hot dogs.There were a few adoption agencies there, but I wish it was promoted as a bigger adoption event so many dogs were there that could find new homes.  Seems most people were there for the vendor part.
4	I have never been to this stadium for it's intended purpose - Cardinal football. I did, however, attend a high school graduation here.It's an awesome stadium that I am positive will make for an awesome game day experience. I can't wait to  go back for a football game. I am going to go look for tickets now. Surely a five star review update awaits.
2	This review is for the Stadium Tours only. First off, do not buy tickets online. This method is an absolute ripoff and joke. The fees for one ticket are $5.95 and then they have the gall to charge me to print out my own tickets for $2.50. The actual tickets themselves are only 8 bucks, so Ticketmaster ain't ripping me off. Purchased tickets at the stadium for this 75 minute snorefest of a tour. Can someone redesign this tour to make it exciting and maybe show us places that nobody can see? There is a jail here, but we can't access it and all we got was the open press box and one suite or two, which is not exactly exclusive. Oh, well we did see the visiting teams bathroom if that floats your boat. Tour guide was a senior citizen volunteer, but first 30 minutes were spent reading the cardinals history off the wall and watching a short video from 10 years ago about stadium construction. If you have been to a game, skip the tour and if not, bring a pillow and blanket for most parts. Show us the jail Bidwell!
3	We came for the Maricopa County Home and Garden show. This a great place to have an event like this in the summer. It's spacious enough to hold all the exhibits and is air conditioned. The restrooms were clean and parking was ample. I am looking forward to my first Cardinals gam this fall. I already have my seats picked out.
2	Saw the LA Galaxy and Real Madrid soccer game there last night... The game was great, but the stadium could use some work.  Make sure you bring an extra amount if patience as you will wait in concession lines for a half hour and deal with quite possibly the worst parking exit strategy I have ever seen.  I was seriously concerned for the safety of my car and myself. Great game, but come prepared with extra hours of time and life saving patience.
1	Great stadium to watch a game. Went to camp to see practice, ordered a hot dog which took almost 15 minutes! What would happen if there were 60,000 people? The concessions are the worst I have experienced - MICHAEL BIDWELL listen to your fans, big fix needed
3	It's a nice, clean stadium. The food is average stadium food, and as far as I know there is no specialty food or drink for the area. Parking is easy enough to get in and out of the venue. We've gone to Cardinal and Soccer games and both are usually a good time.It feels like security people are always in a bad mood, though if my job was dealing with drunks regularly, I probably wouldn't smile much either. And the last time we went, the seat monitors checked our tickets at least 3 times before the game started to ensure we were in the right spot. And the kicker is that we were in the upper deck in the corner, why would we steal those seats of all seats?
4	We love this stadium!  Traffic and parking can be rough, but the actual stadium is incredible.  Not sure about the quality of seats in the upper level, but Level 1 and 2 are good views.  Great food and alcohol options too...
3	Nice, new stadium. Lots of parking options (cheaper spaces that are further from the stadium and vice versa) and lots of places to buy food. The seats are a little small and uncomfortable, but I wouldn't mind going back and watching another game.
1	Anything said in prior reports about overzealous security staff and crazy amounts of ticket checks is correct...but in my experience it would seem to only be so if you aren't rooting for the Cardinals. I will never go to a game here again. We were harassed from the time we walked to the stadium by the uninformed security. I do security for a living and I know how to deal with people. The way we were treated was nothing more than a show that they could. Save your money and watch the game at home. Do not support this stadium and it's staff.
1	This stadium is like a giant UFO landing on an open field. A total Eye Sore. Plus the Team has been a total underachiever. But these aren't the only reasons I am completely down w/ the the stadium. First off, the prices of the tickets are awful. The stadium itself is designed horribly to keep the fans as far away from the field that even w/ binoculars you miss the action. But paying 50+ for 2nd tier and nosebleeds... that's outragous. Then there is the location. With all the open space you would think that they would design proper parking and roads. Getting to and from the stadium takes 1 hour to reach the freeway 1 mile away. The parking situation is just stupid bad. Lastly there is the staff/organization. The NFL implimented a new bag rule and the security at the gates were rude and ignorant of the rules. I had a small camera bag. I was told to throw it away or take it back to the car. No where around were the rules associated w/ the new bag rule. just this rude, bored bouncer. After throwing it away I found out that bags 4.5 x 6.5 are acceptable. My camera bag was 3x6. Too late, to do anything about it. Given the problems in parking, staff and over charging I would rather go to Zipps and enjoy the game there. A much better food selection and nicer on the wallet.
2	The stadium is cool, like super cool.  That is not the issue. Where the issue lays is with the parking and food choices. WTH!?!? Does really have to take a hour plus to leave the stadium. Come now, Glendale, I'm need y'all to get it together so traffic flows a lot smoother because the set now SUCKS!  Point blank. Last dock is for the food.  Nachos with liquid cheese sauce, chicken fingers, hot dogs, and fries are the main staples. Really?!?!?  I thought it was mainly adults who went to sporting events hahaha not five year olds. Where is the variety. How about y'all take a look at chase field and their food options. I won't even mention that I am gluten free.  Oops, my bad.  Just saying y'all need some food variety in that camp. Match the times y'all.
4	We go here on every Cardinals home game and always have a great time! We usually tailgate on the great lawn and the atmosphere combined with the live band combined with the food is second to none.I will say that we don't tailgate too often in August and September but from then on the weather is great so we are there on Sundays!Now is far as the Cardinals winning that's a whole different story............
5	My 1st AZ Cardinals football game.  What fun and we won!  Food was decent.  Seats were great.  They didn't let me bring my small satchel purse in.  I guess it needs to be a clear bag or small as a wallet.  I guess it's for my own safety.  What a beautiful stadium.  I wonder what it looks like with the roof open.  It was closed on the day we were there due to warm weather. Been here for concerts, but not for a football game. Fun!
4	Great sporting venue! Visited here this past Thursday for HAWKS vs. Cards game, and yes, but of course, SEATTLE WON!!! :)Although, it's a long drive and on west side, it's easy to find and I love that I didn't have to pay for parking on game day. For non-season ticket holders, you have to park at Kellis HS and catch the shuttle to stadium. I was worried about this being a complete cluster-f**k, but it really wasn't. They had it pretty swift and organized - I was able to see kick-off due to their seamless shuttle!I DO suggest better signage when leaving the venue to catch your bus back to HS/Brown Lot. I had to ask multiple workers and still got lost. I mean, just a metal rail way leading to busses (amid other tour busses), isn't completely clear to me. I'm sure I'm not the only one who was confused. I'm sure.
5	Great stadium and in ingress/egress is super easy. To s of restaurants and bars nearby. The stadium is very clean. Make sure you bring cash and if you want a bit more comfort bring a seat cushion, otherwise, there isn't a bad seat in the house.
5	One of the greatest stadiums ever. When the plans were drawn up to create a stadium here, this is the perfect location.  And what a job they did.Yes, the stadium looks like a spaceship in the desert, especially if you are flying over it to or from Sky Harbor.  But what a sight.The only bad view I had was of my Rams getting their butts kicked by the Cards. It doesn't look like there is a bad seat in the place. The retractable roof is awesome.  And if you do some research about this stadium, you find information that is incredible, such as the transplantable grass field from inside to outside, and vice versa.  Great tailgating, too.And the fans, though loud and boisterous, were very friendly, cordial and supportive.  Just what should be expected from all NFL fans. And a great state-of-the-art scoreboard. I asked my aisle attendant if we could allow Santa Claus and Mrs. Claus, who were roaming the stands, to come into our area to take a photo with a fan in a wheelchair.  She went out of her way to talk to them and they were more than gracious and took a picture. It was awesome, thank you!  Another great idea is that they created an incredible entertainment area called Westgate.  Lots of great restaurants and a stage for bands.  Only negative I see is that they allow smoking inside the patio areas of the restaurants.  Disgusting. Especially where food is being served.Departing the stadium is convenient.  Easy access to the surrounding streets leading to the freeways.  The parking attendants are perfectly positioned for direction and the streets are doubled-up in one direction for easier departure.Love this place, enjoy going there once a year. Now if we can only get one built in L.A. and bring back the Rams!!!
4	First of all, just to clarify, I enjoy college football and I do watch pro but have never really attended a game before. So this was my first time attending a Cardinal football game. Thanks to Frank A. First thing I noticed is that they have a lots of food trucks right outside the stadium. We picked up a burger and tots and we ate under a tent that had all sorts of couches and tables while everyone was watching one huge big screen TV showing all the plays of all the currently pro games being played. One thing I noticed is everyone loves pro football. There were other people wearing the visiting teams jersey and no one really said anything. Totally different from the College game.  Oh yea, I forgot. The burger was okay. Nothing special. It cost $26 for two burgers, two fries, & two drinks. Little on the expensive side but what stadium doesn't have overpriced food. We ate outside cause once you go inside the stadium you can't come back in. Once we got inside, it reminded me of the diamondback stadium. Lots of food places. We were sitting in the forth row North End Zone seats. We were so close and this is the side were the visitors warm up. So it was really fun because all the fans talk to the visiting team. Trying to get in their head and make them mess up. Pretty funny but fans pretty passionate. They high five first downs, turnovers, and scores. A lot different from college but the game, stadium, and atmosphere was great. I had a really good time. So if you go to this stadium enjoy and have fun. It's worth it.
3	This is for a game earlier in the year Cardinals Vs. Lions. This was my first Cardinals game (I'm from LA), the heat was excruciating! First off, parking was ridiculous and that's what I base most of my rating on. Parking was so confusing, and it seemed like every parking gate we entered they said "Exit and make a righ into the next lot." I had to flag someone down and ask if they had any disabled parking. During this time I was recovering from a foot surgery (I was in a cast & crutches). I had a Disabled Parking pass issued to myself. The parking attendant quickly said, "Oh yes, move up ahead and she'll (another parking attendant) will direct you." When we pulled foward the parking attendant was so rude, she quickly said "that disabled placard isn't getting you anywhere!  Disabled parking in the lot is only for season pass holders." Really!!?? Really? So you discriminate against one time visiting disbabled guests! She said I could get out of the car and wait for my boyfriend to park and someone would come pick me up in a golf cart. The stadium exterior lacks any character, it's so cold and plain. Most stadiums have neat things to photograph, or take picture in front of. This stadium...nope! Plain silver/grey dome. The stadium interior is nice and refreshing. Bring a sweater, EVEN if its 118 degrees outside because the A/C gets so cold inside. The screens are big, the sound system is good, the cleanliness is great, the fans were friendly.
5	Not that I've been to many, but this is certainly a top-tier facility. The parking is well-planned. We had a red parking pass. Not only does the back of the pass give you directions on how to reach your entrance, but there are signs along the road guiding you as well.As soon as you enter the stadium, you immediately get goosebumps. This is the big league. It definitely helped that it was a week 17 game and both teams (Cardinals and 49ers) had something to play for. The atmosphere was electric. We were lucky enough to be in the lower bowl, but I'm guessing that there are no bad seats in the house. Very well designed stadium.The fans were great. Good-natured ribbing among Cardinal and 49er faithful alike. Everyone was having a great time. And great game. Close win by the visiting team on a last second field goal (preceded by back to back seemingly game winning and then game tying field goals).Couldn't have asked for a better NFL experience.
5	I have season tickets for the Fiesta Bowl - so I am here once per year.  I love this stadium.  I sit in the 200 section - so my review is based on that.  Parking is easy and they have many bars and places to eat at outside the stadium in easy walking distance.     The stadium is well designed and is easy to get to our seats without feeling lost or being shuffled in every other way.  Prices for snacks and drinks are what they are at most sporting events - so nothing to note here.  I love sitting in the 200 section and this stadium always seems clean - before, during and after the games.  I wouldn't hesitate to see any event at this stadium.
5	Very cool stadium, although Arizona fans may not be the most rowdy and tail-gating could be better the stadium along with the surrounding shopping mall makes up for the lack of tail-gating.  Nice restaurants and shops surround the stadium, plenty to eat  and do before game time.  The stadium itself is well designed, good sight lines.  The food in the stadium is better than average, but I would stick with the restaurants outside.  Outside was close to a 100, inside was a nice cool 70, nice seats, nice and big HD jumbo trons!  Entering and leaving the stadium was one of the most pleasant experiences I have had in going to a football game.
5	Visited University of Phoenix Stadium when my brother and I went to go see the game against the Carolina Panthers.  The stadium itself is beautiful. Great environment and atmosphere.  We got some great seat on the Cardinals side and instantly made friends with all the other fans around us. Everyone was pumped up and excited and so friendly. Absolutely loved it. Food was surprisingly very good.Beer and food is pricey but its to expect at any stadium. Best of all the Cardinals handled business and got the win. I'm a Jets fan and came to support my brothers team but the whole experience at U of P stadium was great. Can't wait until next year to visit again.
5	I've had the pleasure of attending two Arizona Cardinals games at University of Phoenix Stadium.  What fun experiences!  It is probably one of the better stadiums I've visited.  Brand new, with comfortable seating, great views from almost anywhere, spacious walkways, plenty of amenities such as food, washrooms and a fan store.  The stadium is also walking distance from the hockey stadium, and there is an area with restaurants, shops, and a convention centre.  An outlet mall also recently opened with stores like Michael Kors and more.  Plenty of parking for tailgating!One thing to keep in mind is to arrive early if you want to eat before a game, and also to get to the stadium and avoid the lineups.  They screen everyone coming in, and are strict with the NFL's new bag policies (ladies- get a wristlet or buy one of the clear tote bags).
4	This stadium is beautiful. It looks like an alien spaceship, but I like it. I would give it 5 stars, but the parking sucks most of the time. The stadium has good food options. Every seat I've ever sat in at different levels seems like a good seat. The staff is really friendly. Go Cardinals!
5	What a beautiful stadium! It was awesome just went to watch USA vs Mexico soccer match and everything was great. The atmosphere was awesome. I got in  and out of the stadium parking lot in less than 5 minutes and there was 60,000 people there. Bathrooms were in good shape, clean and short lines. Overall would travel from.san Diego again for another event!
5	This statium is awesome. It is very clean and the seats are easy to get to. The food is overpriced but that is normal for all statiums. The parking was not the very best but overall it was a great statium.
4	Awesome stadium. Bars everywhere, it's impossible not to get a beer. I had a full scale bar right outside my section. As far as the seats go, pretty nice view. You get almost a good view anywhere you sit. Cup holders FTW.
5	Beautiful stadium! That's all I have to say. :)
5	Shot WrestleMania 26 here in 2010. All I can say is this building is amazing! The architecture and design look great. To anyone considering attending an event the environment here on event day is something you should experience.The seating here is great. I walked the concourse and even went up to the top before the event. There's not one bad seat in the house.The parking here is good with tons of overflow lots nearby.This is a top notch facility and imo the best arena I've ever been to.
3	Parking is a rip off and hard to figure out. Suggest u Park accross green/grey stadium entrance for a donation to the local church ($5 suggested) No trash cans in the parking lot. NO BAGS!? Travel light ladies or u gotta lose your purse. 16 oz beer is $8.25 so not a bad deal. Better food at aloha stadium IMHO.
5	It doesn't get any betterI've had the opportunity of attending two Arizona Cardinals games at University of Phoenix Stadium.  All I have to say it is always a great experience.  I've been to a few stadium across the country and the Cardinals  have one of the better stadiums I've visited.  The Cardinals stadium has  comfortable seating, awesome views from anywhere, spacious walkways, lots and lots of amenities  (food, washrooms and a fan shop) and more then enough parking for tailgating.Remember to get to the stadium early  before a game, so you can take advantage of all the great restaurants.  Don't forget statium personnel screen everyone coming in, and are strict with the NFL's new bag policies (ladies- get a wristlet or buy one of the clear tote bags).So if you get a chance head to the stadium to check it out.
5	This place is awesome.  We had a great experience throughout the game (other than the final score), from easy and affordable parking to good traffic flow after the game.  The security guards and ushers were helpful, and offered to take pictures for my family.  Food was priced alright, with a wide selection, and quick lines.  There didn't seem to be a bad seat in the house and the video boards were great.  Took my wife and two young kids and had a great time.
4	Although I enjoyed my experience at the stadium--it was clean, food was good, service was great--what I REALLY enjoyed was the bus ride over from Kellis to the stadium. This was so well run, well thought out, and well executed. I appreciated that they didn't let anyone on the bus who didn't have the NFL approved bags or were in any way likely not going to make it thru security at the stadium. It was my first time but I did read up on the requirements so this didn't directly affect us, but I could easily see how this could have been a very aggravating experience for first timers and I appreciated the security's professionalism and thoroughness.
4	Went to my first cardinal game . The roads to get to the  stadium   was very busy. Once we got  to the stadium was well organized we got in quickly.  The security was tight to get in with several people checking our tickets to get on the escalators.  We sat in the club seats which were large and comfortable . The view was great and enhanced with the large screens in the end zones . The food  was actually very good . Tried their pasta bar for 12. The crowd was loud which made for a great atmosphere cheating on the cardinals.  Had a good experience
4	My first time at U of P stadium was for the One Direction concert (ehem, my Daughter is the fan, cough) and man, is it HUGE!  I was worried about how it was going to be for viewing and it was really good.  The acoustics were great and the view ability of the stage was amazing.  It helped that we had fairly good seats in section 132, row 6 but even then, I never felt like we couldn't see.  The seats are comfortable and I never felt cramped.  There seemed to be many food options to choose from.  They really had the parking situation down as well.  For such a large event, traffic out moved really well.  Next time I will remember to park there instead of outside in a lot that took way more time for us to get out of.  It was a very nice experience at this stadium and I will not be hesitant to see another concert here.
4	This is a very nice stadium.  Came to see my 49ers play and had a good experience here.  The seating is set up nicely so you are pretty close to the field.  The upper deck isn't so high that you need binoculars to see the field either.  I didn't eat anything but the alcohol prices were pretty cheap with tall boy beers at 10.25--I think that's how much a regular beer costs at the new Niners stadium :/  They could use more stalls in the restrooms, at haltime and postgame the lines are long.  Overall great setup.
5	Went to U of P stadium for the One Direction Concert with my tween.  Have to say, I was expecting this event to be a nightmare.  I was more than pleasantly surprised!   Everything was so organized and well planned out.  Parking was easy and depending on where you were coming from- you were navigated to a specific lot.  Once in the arena for the concert, things were as anticipated- entrance was quick and smooth, bathrooms were clean and food service was fast.  I was most concerned with leaving- an in particular, the parking lot.  Again, everything was planned out so well - different exits and different access routes to the freeway.  I don't think we had more than a 2 minute wait.  All very surprising considering there was a packed house at the arena.  I would definitely go to a concert at this venue again. Thank you U of P stadium for making this so pleasant!
1	NO. Just... NO. My friend got tickets to a show here in January, and the concert was last month. Knowing the show was going to be packed, I initiated contact with the venue to set up interpreters for me and my friend. Although the venue had more than 7 months to set up the accommodations, they were anything but satisfactory: the lighting was mediocre, there was NO elevation for the interpreters, and nearly NO line of sight for the Deaf patrons. After discussing my concerns with the director of accommodations, he wrangled a small platform that was about 2inches off the ground for us to stand on... but that still did little to help. When I expressed my concerns, the director even went as far as to say, "well would you rather me put you in the seats you should be in?" (Which is not only illegal, but insensitive to the PAYING customer). As a Deaf consumer, I feel that I gave them more than enough time to set up proper accommodations (I mean... 7 months.... come on....) and they were begrudging and unwilling to work with me. I am appalled at how my friend and I were treated and will not be back.
4	Beam me up Scotty. How can you not like a stadium that looks like an alien space craft? Or that is named after a university that has no sports teams?The sight lines are great. The concessions are just okay. The AC is wonderful when the heat is on outside. And natural grass! Parking, especially exiting the stadium, can be a challenge. The jumbo screens have been upgraded in the past year. Nice! A few too many highly intoxicated folks at football games, a common NFL problem not unique to Phoenix. Location, location, location. Ideal if you live in East L.A.Sure, it's not Dallas Cowboy Stadium, but the Cardinals are hosting the Super Bowl this year and the Cowboys are not. Deservedly so. As it should be.
4	I have seen my fair share of stadiums in my life and the newer ones don't always get it right, but UOP Stadium is one of the better domes I have been too. The only downside I saw was the longer than normal lines to get in. Might have been the side I went in on, but either way a ton of people funneling into 2 lanes was kinda stupid. Once in you see why this will be a super bowl location for years to come. The field is top notch with the natural grass and there really isn't a bad seat in the house. Tons of beer stations and in return tons of restrooms, decent food selections are a huge plus. I didn't get to see the top open on my two visits here, but hopefully the Broncos go to the SB so I can see it then. Go Broncos!!!!
1	Do not go here to watch a game if you're a seahawks fan. Paid 300.00 to see a game and was kicked out for using a bad word after being cussed out and things throw at me from a cards fan. So ridiculous!!!
4	This stadium is in the metropolis that refuses to let banks nickel & dime you. No more fees, at banks in this region. They even named the city after this concept. "Fees Nixed."The stadium looks like an alien ship. It's absolutely gorgeous. It loses half a point for being way out in Glendale (like my ex gf... hi K, that is you)... and it loses half a point for having only three sides, kind of... one of the ends isn't properly filled in... much like Pitt... maybe it will be in the future though.It's a beautiful stadium in a beautiful area (I probably wouldn't live here, but the weather, mountains and girls are certainly gorgeous).In other news my beloved cat Jonny C just came and sat on my lap so I need to go now so I can pet him instead of typing.
