5	We loved our breakfast here. So fresh and flavorful! Coffee was excellent and that's coming from a NY coffee snob.
5	This is an excellent spot if you are looking for a quick breakfast that is simple yet delicious.  We ate there twice and each time the staff was pleasant and eager to please.  The prices are very reasonable and the ingredients are fresh.  Chapeau!
5	A friendly place for a quick and delicious breakfast. After having ventured through the busy mess that was olive et gourmondo the prior morning, I was very happy to find this spot. Sadly, it was our last day! Next time I am back in Montreal, we will go back. Try the cm croissant sandwich!!
2	For my first breakfast in Montreal I searched Yelp for a location not too far from my hotel. Based on the stellar reviews I headed over to this cafe. The wait to order was about 15 minutes but being on vacation and not in a rush the wait didn't bother me. So when I was finally able to order I ordered 2 cafe au laits, a bagel with cream cheese and a bagel with egg, cheese and bacon. The bagel with cream cheese came out just fine, however the bagel for the bagel, egg, cheese and bacon was burnt. Literally, black. So I asked for another and that one was also burnt but more dark brown with a few areas of black. As I don't like to complain, I ate it, picking off the black burnt parts of the bagel. The egg, cheese and bacon were all excellent but I'm confused as to why my bagel was burnt, twice. My bill was $16 for 2 coffees and bagel sandwiches. Yelp let me down with this place. The cafes were just ok.
5	The TMC croissant is delicious and the moka is perfectly prepared. This place is a must stop for a quick bite!
5	Really good food and best service we experienced in Montreal.
5	Wonderful! I had the breakfast croissant which was simple yet perfectly seasoned. My wife's French toast pannetone was great though a little rich. Fresh fruit salad w mint was divine. The server / barista was great. Favorite breakfast place in Montreal.
5	Came here for breakfast while staying nearby at the Westin Montreal during a four day trip. When we walked in, the waiter greeted us and exclaimed that they had the best coffee. I didn't know if that was a good sign but he was right, the coffee is amazing. The food is just as good. I had a croissant with hard boiled egg. It comes with ham but I asked for it without the ham. The waiter offered me a fruit salad instead which I accepted. Later, after paying the bill and leaving, I realized they had charged me for the fruit salad. I thought that was unfair as he had offered it as a substitution but then made me pay for it. However, the fruit salad was really good so not a huge deal. More about the principal of the matter.My hubby had the french toast with pannetone bread. I had a bite and wanted to order one myself! It was delicious! He also love the coffee.The waiter was very friendly and we enjoyed our breakfast and would recommend without hesitation.
4	Really nice discovery in old Montreal. Fresh, great value and very friendly. We had wonderful chicken avocado paninis. Iced coffee was top notch.
4	Ordered the TMC breakfast sandwich and was pleasantly surprised. At first I was a little turned off with the egg being a sliced hard boiled egg but it was amazing. The mayo was homemade. The staff working that day was very friendly and funny. When the cook brought our food over he stayed and talked to us for a while. Great coffee! Will come back if I'm ever in Montreal again.
5	A great place to relax and grab some simple comfort food.  Exceptionally attentive and friendly staff.  Roast beef panini was amazing.
5	My wife and I found this gem of a place in Old Montreal. It was so pleasant to eat at that we went back the next day before we had to head home to Calgary.The owners and their staff were super friendly and we enjoyed having conversation with them while we ate. Make sure you swing by this place for one of their panini sandwiches.
5	stopped in with friends for a latte on a cold day.  Great service, friendly people and perfect coffee... what else is there to say?
5	The cafe is great. The food was good, coffee was great, and the staff there was extremely friendly. One staff member spent 10 minutes with us going over the montreal map and giving his suggestions on where we should spend the day (we were tourists).
5	Amazing! The best word to describe the experience, food/cappuccinos and staff. We were in town for the weekend from Toronto and looking for a quick breakfast before heading back home. The staff was incredibly welcoming and helpful with selecting options to eat. We would recommend their signature croissant sandwich with homemade ingredients and a side of fresh fruit salad. We paired it with easily THE BEST CAPPUCCINO we've ever had. Perfect creama consistency and the foam was thick and flavorful. No sugar needed! Highly, highly recommend checking this place out for a quick bite. You won't be disappointed. PS- we even grabbed another Cappuccino on the way out to the airport. Who needs Starbucks??
4	Good coffee.  Came a little late (11am) and most of the good pastries were gone.  Heavy volume traffic on a Sunday-- expect a wait for food and coffee.  Cute shop with friendly workers.
3	This cafe is really conveniently located near a lot of hotels, so a good option for tourists looking for a quick breakfast. We came here hoping to get the dejeuner sur bagel (breakfast sandwich on a bagel) but unfortunately, they were finished serving breakfast by between 11 and 11:30am. I remain pretty unclear on when they stop serving breakfast. Instead, we got two bagels toasted with cream cheese, with sides of fruit salad (as suggested by the server). The bagels were pretty decent, but one was quite burnt, which was a bummer. The fruit salad was good, though. We also got one coffee and one cappuccino. I didn't try the coffee, but my boyfriend seemed to like it fine. The cappuccino was excellent.It didn't look like they had a great variety of enticing pastries or other offerings. The counter display was mostly filled with panini options.Service was friendly and the atmosphere was nice.
5	Super happy with The Mon Cafe! Went for brunch on Saturday and had some terrific Eggs Benedict and a great fruit salad (even my husband liked it! Must have been the basil...). The latte I had was amazing, and the husband enjoyed his Americano, too. Reasonable prices and attentive, friendly service rounded out the experience. Highly recommended.
5	Attention Yelpers! My advice is simple: Go here. Staying nearby and desperately craving some early morning grub, this place has satiated my needs and then some a couple days running now. The bagels are fresh, yummy and oh-so-sesame. The breakfast sandwiches are delicious. But what will convince you to come back morning after morning are their creative and yummy croissants. Try the hazelnut chocolate and enjoy a few moments of scrumptious gluttony with your coffee.I also have to add that the service behind the counter is superb. The chef himself also came out behind the counter both mornings to check how things were! Love it!
3	We were pretty disappointed in this place after reading such rave reviews. The food and coffee were fine -- nothing special, but not bad. Maybe this is only a problem on Sunday mornings, but the service was unbelievably slow. Don't go here if you are at all in a hurry or just want to grab a quick pastry and coffee.
4	Small breakfast menu, but who needs a long list of options when you can get the TLC breakfast sandwich! Everything you could want on a breakfast croissant. Really friendly staff.
1	Great coffee, good croissant, but horrible service. Skip this place and head down to Le Cartet which is ten times better and  amazing service.
2	Amazing egg Benedict but loses points on cleanliness and service.  Our order was wrong.  The fruit salad was moldy and there are plenty of flies all around.  Leaving ASAP.
5	Most of the cafes and restaurants in the area are overpriced and under-deliver, but this one is an exception! Great sandwiches with a wide variety to choose from, with descent prices considering it's in Old Montreal. Highly recommended if you're in the area!
4	Extremely great food and drinks. Lost a star due to being A bit pricey and so much if their menu was unavailable because they were out of ingredients. Recommend the TMC croissant and the Eggs Benedict with ham. BLT Bagel was good. Another from our party had poached eggs and toast and the eggs were done perfectly. The coffee drinks were flawless. Cappuccino was the best we have had in Montreal. If you have time check this place out. Go early so you don't have to deal with the out of stock issues on ingredients (we went at 1:00pm).
5	Our family was staying in a nearby hotel for the weekend, and we found the Cafe Mon on Yelp. The good reviews were spot on. Being early-rising Americans we arrived shortly after they opened at 9 on a Saturday, and basically had the place to ourselves. My kids ordered chocolate-filled croissants, my wife had the French toast, and I had the TMC croissant, which is a breakfast sandwich with sliced hard-boiled egg. All were excellent, and not a scrap was left at the end (after the wife and I finished what the kids couldn't).We also had large lattes that literally come in a bowl-sized coffee cup. They were also excellent, apparently owing in part to the ability to heat the milk and foam to a lower temperature than is required in the FDA-governed United States. Also, as you can see from the picture, our barista was an artist. Which brings me to my final compliment: as we were obviously tourists, and business was still quiet, our barista spent a lot of time visiting with us and offering local knowledge about Montreal. He managed to turn an already sublime breakfast into an extended great day. All in all, highly recommended. Care to guess where we'll be for breakfast again tomorrow?
3	We visited on Sunday morning. The welcome is pleasant and low key.The menu was explained to us well - it is quite limiting so we shared some fruit and had a Muffin and a croissant. Along with coffees...The fruit was tasty, the Muffin a little too salty and the croissant with its ham, egg, cheese and tomato fillings average. The macchiato was good and the cappuccino too big...the coffee flavour so diluted.Ok - yes but a little underwhelming.
5	The breakfast bagel was very good. As was the americano. Great place to go for a quick breakfast and a coffee!
4	This was our first stop during our two day trip to Montreal.  I wanted their much loved TMC croissant but we got there at 11:30, half an hour after the cut-off time. Bummer. My wife asked them what was in the croissant and the guy behind the counter said they put stuff inside the croissant and then magic happens. Dammit I wanted to see a magic show.So we were wondering if we should eat there or go somewhere else but judging from the growing lunch crowd and the smell coming out of the back, we decided to trust our senses and stay. Le wife was unsure about eating pre-made sandwiches but she was soon singing a different song.Her roast beef sandwich came with tender, flavorful, medium rare roast beef. My porchetta sandwich was no different. The pochetta didn't have annoying, hard chunky pieces of pork like I've sometimes come across. Instead, it was almost like a cubano and even had sliced pickles. There was arugula and swiss cheese on both sandwiches, all held together by excellent bread that, if not made in house, would be shocking, They both tasted like they were made fresh. I suppose that was the advantage of going at 11:30.They also had free wifi. After we finished, we were standing right outside, yelping and planning our next move.  The friendly owner/chef saw us, came over and started talking to us. He gave us some good pointers on where else to go besides the regular places that most people go to. Great guy.Next time I'm in Montreal, I'll be sure to come here before 11.
5	This staff at this cafe is so incredibly nice. We walked in and ordered several delicious croissants (chocolate hazelnut, almond and plain) and an egg muffin sandwich. When we got our order, one of the cashiers who may have been the manager/owner, not sure...came up to us and asked us abput our trip and if we needed any help with suggestions. He helped us figure out our day plans! We love this place! Wish they were open on Sunday. :)
5	Absolutely the best cappuccino in Montreal. If you are in Old Montreal, take the time to stop by this great cafe. Their Eggs Benedict are also amazingly perfect.
1	Friendly staff in a rather cold and echoey room. Mostly occupied by tourists and their naturally boisterous children. Made the mistake of ordering a latte and toatst&cheese notwithstanding the enthusiastic up-sell for Eggs Benedict and similar items. Received store bought spongy sliced bread and cheese and a surprisingly weak latte. I came here because of the excellent reviews but will not return.
5	Some of the best coffee in the area, and the soup I'm eating right now is AMAZING. Very quiet little place. I don't want to post this review because I feel like this place is a secret... But they deserve the business.
3	Loved the croissant sandwich. However, the coffee is just okay.
4	After consulting the all-knowing and all-powerful Yelp app, we decided to crush our hangover here. Mission accomplished!First, the cafe au lait... So rich, so bold.  It was perfection in a huge cup. The winning moment, however, was when I took the first bite of my French Toast. It had bacon and white cheddar cheese. YES, white cheddar cheese!  I followed my server's advice and dumped all of the real maple syrup on top. After that first bite I was screaming like a giddy schoolgirl on the inside, but somehow remained stoic on the outside. I'm a pro like that.  This place is small and unassuming, but the food is the real deal and that's why I would not hesitate to return.
4	Double cappuccino - good! TMC croissant with bacon. Amazing! Flakey and delicious. The fruit saled with the mint is awesome. Amazing how the mint adds to the salad. Not overpowering.Ham eggs Bennie. Classic eggs Bennie. Perfect in its own right. Nothing extravagant, but what you'd expect (and yummy)
5	It's true. The TMC Croissant. Get it!!  Amazing texture and burst of flavors. One of my favorite meals in Canada, coming from a NYC tourist :)
3	Cafe is adorable! I wish they had a menu we could look at though rather than a small chalkboard the server reads out loud. I ordered eggs Benedict with bacon. The eggs were delicious but the side fruit salad was not fresh and smeared with sweet syrup. I also ordered a chai latte to go and it tasted like cinnamon foamed milk.
4	Exceptionally friendly and efficient serviceClean and comfortable environment Delicious croissant TMC sandwich with ham Would definitely go there again!
4	This Cafe was a brilliant find on the outskirts of old Montreal!  As soon as we walked in we were greeted by the nicest man explaining the menu to us.  My wife and I had the croissant sandwich and French toast with fresh fruit, both were exceptional!We also enjoyed large bowls of cafe au lait, again very tasty!  I will definitely return to this quaint little cafe the next time I visit Montreal.
5	We had one of the best latte's -out of hundreds of places high end or not- was made here today.  Staff was friendly and cordial, and the food was outstanding.We're talking about going back tomorrow in leiu of anywhere else in Montreal.  It's a little bit away from the main tourist path, but worth the extra block walk.
5	Awesome spot -- my friends and I happened upon this place on Saturday morning -- with no advance notice, they were able to accommodate a group of 12 people. Everything was really tasty as well. I had the bacon benedict -- very highly recommended.
4	My wife and I both had the TMC croissants and we both enjoyed them thoroughly. A nice gourmet touch to a late breakfast. The service is friendly but just know you'll have to order off the menu at the counter and pay there as well.
5	My husband and I took our 5 and 3 year old today. They could not have been nicer and we're great at explaining the menu. I had the egg and cheese sandwich on a bagel and my husband had the TMC sandwich. It was beyond tasty and filled us up without being heavy. Our kids had the muffins which were amazing. The lattes were exquisite. An all around wonderful experience for our first breakfast in Montreal.
5	Yay! We're from NYC & we couldn't find any great coffee places & we found it! Trust me,it is worth the travel over to Old Port Montreal. I had a honey chai latte & my friend had a honey soy latte. Perfection. If you're hungry, get the Panatoast. French toast,bacon,& cheddar cheese,topped with maple syrup! Devine! Go,now!
5	The TMC croissant with ham and cheese was fantastic.  The coffee mocha was one of the best I've ever had and the lattes were outstanding.  They did not have a booster chair but were very accommodating to our 15 month old grandson.
4	This is a fantastic place for a delicious laid back breakfast. Four of us agreed that our coffees/lattes were some of the best we've ever had.. and the TMC croissant with bacon was easily the BEST breakfast sandwich I've ever eaten. By far. Highly recommended.
1	This was the worst experience ever.  soggy french toast.  I asked for a smoothie... then I watched from the table as he made an ice cream shake... which is not a smoothie.  A smoothie has fruit, he replaced the fruit with mango ice cream.  People are not stupid and we know when we are being lied to and it is obvious when a low class restaurant owner tries to pull the wool over our eyes and charge top dollar for it.   No salt and pepper on the tables.  bare bones for high dollar.  Very upset.  Took forever to get a coffee too... Can't believe there are any good reviews here.  It was obvious the owner/manager/whatever was trying to make everyone feel good by working his personality, but service sucked horribly.
4	We had a quick and delicious breakfast here on a recent trip to Montreal. We both got the bacon egg and cheese with lettuce and tomato, which was a nice, filling but healthy start to the day. It came with fruit salad that tasted very fresh. The latte I got was also quite good.Unfortunately we were only able to come here once during our trip, but it was a nice starting off point for a day in Old Montreal.
5	Just eat here. Never in my life have I met a croissant like the one I eat here. The hit cocoa and brownies are fresh and delightful, especially on a Rainey morning. This cafe made me very happy.
3	This was a decent place and a nice start to the day in Old Montreal.  I had a latte and a breakfast bagel with bacon, Swiss cheese and egg.  It came to around $10 total including tax.  The latte itself was not bad.  It wasn't super amazing, but it had the right foam to coffee ratio.  As for the breakfast bagel, it was on a freshly toasted sesame bagel, had lettuce, tomatoes, Swiss cheese and an egg.  I liked the fact that you could choose between Swiss and cheddar cheese. While the ingredients were super fresh and the eggs were actual eggs (unlike a lot of places now who are just liquid egg for their sandwiches), the sandwich itself was a bit bland.  If they had a hint of ketcup, mayo, some salt or something, it could have put this sandwich over the top, but unfortunately, they didn't.  As for the ambiance itself, it's a small cafe with about 10 seats or so but what I really liked doing was that I could sit at the window and people watch.  Verdict: Good way to start off your morning and just people watch.  Nothing super special, but it'll do the trick.
4	Tiny little cafe near the Notre Dame. I'm a big fan of the The Mon Cafe croissant or as they call it "TMC Croissant" . Slices of boiled egg with your choice of meat (ham, bacon) with lettuce and tomatoes and homemade dressing served on a croissant. Its available between 7 am to 11 am. They do some great lunch sandwiches too. Especially the tuna, Italian and the porchetta sandwich. But I'd visit this place especially for the TMC Croissant.Food : GoodService :FastAmbiance : CasualWorth the price : Yes
4	Great little cafe on the skirts of the old port. Friendly bilingual staff gets a 5/5- food and coffee is just perfect!
5	Loved this place! The food and service was amazing. Loved the gentleman who served us he was so kind and polite and genuine. We had the eggs Benedict with bacon, a French toast and cappuccino and chai latte. The eggs Benedict with bacon was delicious. The French toast wasn't anything special just looked good. Maybe because I'm not a fan of raisin and it had raisin bits in the French toast. It was also too fluffy to my liking. The chai latte was also amazing they use fresh chai. I would definitely return next time I visit Montreal.
5	Very polite staff, delicious breakfast and adorable atmosphere. We ordered a breakfast sandwich and eggs Benedict. The eggs Benedict were exceptional and the sandwich equally as tasty.
4	LOVED their latte bowls.  Food is  good to amazing.  Very chatty staff--which works well when it's not too busy.  Enjoyed it enough to come back twice in a weekend.
4	TMC Croissant with ham was delicious.  The croissant was a bit dry, but still very good.  Coffee was delicious and service was great.  We'll be back!
5	Found this place on yelp while on a weekend trip. Outstanding service and amazing cofffee. The food was simple and tasty. Fantastic breakfast spot
4	What a tasty little cafe. The wife and I grabbed a quick breakfast here. It is very small inside, but the croissant sandwiches were delicious, and the fruit was very fresh...which was a pleasant surprise given that it was November. The coffee was perfectly crafted and was the perfect start to a morning exploring Montreal. Absolutely give this place a try if you find yourself in Old Montreal.
4	A quaint little spot around the corner from the Westin. The proprietor was amazingly nice and the cafe latte perfect. My husband had the latte as well but with an extra shot which he said was spot on. The owner gave my husband some tips on making the perfect latte. We had breakfast sandwiches on croissants which were delish.
